superman : the man of steel Story by Alex Ford & J Ellison screenplay by Alex Ford base on superman create by Jerry seigel & Joe shuster appear in DC Comics Blue ( 09/04/98 ) ___________________________________________________________ superman : the man of steel open sequence this be a pre-credit sequence and not mean to take place within the structure of the actual narrative . ext . general store this open sequence be shot in glorious black and white . a boy wear depression era clothes enter the general store . int . general store the store be empty except for a older clerk put out the week 's periodicals in front of the register . the boy pass as the clerk finish and move behind the counter . the boy go directly to a candy shelf and open a jar , take a handful of gum ball and head for the counter . he pass the periodicals and on the rack among the newspaper and magazine be a color comic book alone amongst the colorless rack . the title read action comic with a 1930s era superman lift a car above he head and smash the front end into the ground . enamor by it , the boy stare and in a dreamlike state the camera cut between boy , comic , and slowly pan in on each of they . finally , the boy look up at the clerk who 's be patiently wait for he . the boy look a last time at the book on the shelf , then at one handful of gum and the other with a single dime . he look up at the clerk who look like he know something the boy do not . ext . general store boy exit with comic book in hand . he take a seat on the sidewalk outside the store and ... camera over shoulder show the boy slowly open the front cover with much delicacy revealing the interior to be a vibrant color warner bros logo ( WB Shield on blue cloud sky ) . camera pan in over the shoulder and the logo fill the screen . Black and white sequence finish . we be in the movie . camera pan upward slowly and the logo slide off the bottom of the screen , the blue cloud sky merge with the infinite reach of space . almost unnoticeable in the far off distance be a minuscule green dot . without warning , the green dot explode in a burst of silent light . several second pass as the shockwave from the explosion travel towards we and like a rumble in the distance , bring a tidal wave of sound with it . debris hurl itself in all direction . with it a SMALL spacecraft zip towards we , past the explosion and whip overhead . the camera tilt and follow the orange and green craft . the planet 's fragment follow the craft . the debris lose speed and begin to fall behind the ship . soon , the only thing leave in frame from the dead planet be the lone ship hurl through space . begin open credit sequence . open credit sequence be display while we follow the ship through infinite space . on occasion , the ship radically change direction like it know where it 's go . its destination be no accident . the ship enter we solar system and barrel past familiar planet . in the distance be Earth . the ship crack through Earth 's atmosphere and its hull ignites in a bright red flame . smash CUT to : ext . smallville , kansas - desolate snowcovered road - night extreme close - up of a mitten hand hold a misshapen rusty nail . jonathan kent , a Kansas farmer in he thirty , be hold the nail . stand in from of he be he wife martha ( also in she thirty ) with a look be irritation . in the background be they weathered 1954 pickup truck with a flat tire . there be virtually no light on this country road . martha what now , Jonathan ? jonathan 's face bend with a " I do not need this " smirk . the night light almost like day and there be a tremendous crack as the ship break the sound barrier . in the background , the flame craft crash into a field digging a char crevice several hundred foot long and a trail of steaming melt snow . jonathan and martha , in total disbelief , slowly move towards the wreckage as if they be unconsciously draw to it . in the background be the distant cry of a baby . rocket Pov , jonathan and martha peer into the crater with confusion and then turn to each other for a explanation neither of they have . they simultaneously look at the rocket then to the sky . the camera look upward with they and keep go until there be nothing but space . end open credit sequence on night sky . CUT to : ext . metropolis sky - day the camera pan down from space through the cloud and merge with a beautiful blue sky , which be disrupt by a massive " L " shape state - of - the - art skyscraper make of steel and glass . the roof be slant to make the " L " visible in the distance . camera keep move down the building for what seem like forever and finally other building appear along the skyline , but it 's obvious this be " the " building in the city . a landmark like no other and everything else pale on comparison . the city in the background bustles with life . she be like no other on Earth . she be immaculately clean and meticulously engineered . skyscraper be everywhere but the city do not seem cluttere . ten million people call she home and with the multilayer highway , subways and elevate train it never look congest . she be the most advanced city in the world , the template for all other . her name be appropriate ; this be ... metropolis . still move down building ... fade in , title on moving image : metropolis still move down building ... fade in , title on moving image : tomorrow , saturday , 2:43 pm still move ... the camera near the bottom pan down huge letter etched in stone on the building side boldly announce lexcorp ( and beneath it corporation 's slogan " bring the future to you today " ) . finally we reach the bottom of the building and pedestrian come into view and the pan end on the back of a young , business - suite woman stare up at the menace tower . she nervously gather herself , build she confidence and enter . int . metropolis , lexcorp headquarters - day woman enter the lobby . there be dozen of people bustling about . she approach one of a two dozen receptionist behind a massive marble counter all of whom be all assist other . the receptionist she have choose be finish up a telephone call on she headset / telephone . several receptionist down be another woman who appear to be argue with a receptionist and with someone on she cell phone at the same time , although the detail can not be hear . the woman be dress in a suit carry a briefcase . she look like she be about to explode . receptionist # 1 ( finish she call ) hello . welcome to lexcorp . May I help you ? woman ( startle ) I be here to see mister luthor . receptionist # 1 and what time be you appointment ? woman I do not have a appointment . receptionist # 1 ( disappointed ) oh. I be sorry . mister luthor only see guest by appointment . woman it 's very urgent . a matter of life and death . receptionist # 1 ( sympathetic ) let I see if I can fit you in . receptionist # 1 begin check appointment in the computer when the argue woman hear this and flip out . she barge past several people between they , push they out of the way to get to the sympathetic receptionist . the woman be lois lane . lois ( furious ) what ?! I have be wait here for three hour and I have a appointment ! ( beat ) do he know lois Lane from the Daily Planet be here ? receptionist # 2 ( under she breath ) that 's probably why he 's not come down . lois shoot she a nasty look . lois ( to receptionist # 2 ) the parking garage . you and I , sister . I hope you medical be all pay up . receptionist # 1 ( to woman and ignore lois ) I can fit you in Tuesday . woman I would have to wait until next Tuesday ? receptionist # 1 ( apologetic ) Tuesday the twenty -third ... woman that 's three week from now . receptionist # 1 ( slightly embarrassed ) ... in September . the woman look blankly at she examine she option . receptionist # 2 ( call ) miss Lane ? lois return to receptionist # 2 . receptionist # 1 if you have a business card or something , I would be happy to leave it for he . woman ( shake off she daze ) no . I do not have anything . ( long beat , building nerve ) oh wait , I do have this . receptionist # 1 stand to retrieve she card and woman open she jacket revealing a bomb strapped around she mid-section . receptionist # 1 swoon and faint . lois , on she cell phone in the background ... lois ( into cell phone ) gotta go ! she turn she back to the woman and start punch button frantically . CUT to : ext . the DAILY planet build - day the building be one of the oldest structure in the city with its brick wall and the newspaper 's logo , the Earth with a rotate ring that read DAILY planet , on it 's roof . the structure be a testament to the day of journalism before fax and Internet . int . DAILY planet - CITY room through a large window , a staff meeting can be see . stand at the front of a large table be Daily Planet editor perry white . a large and forebode pitbull of a man . his trademark unbuttone collar and open vest give the appearance this have be very hard day when in fact , this be every day . in he fist be a unlit cigar he point at people accent he sentence . he pace when he walk and do not speak word as much as he bark they . through the glass , he booming voice be muffle . perry have two tone : loud and louder . among the staff be cat grant ( Society columnist , early 30 and very beautiful ) , ron troupe ( Sports , a African american in he 40s ) and mild - mannered clark kent ( City columnist ) . kent be in he early 30 and very handsome , although he do not know it . he be someone that 's above that . seat at kent 's desk be and watch they through the glass be jimmy olsen , photographer . he be sixteen year old and very bored . with he be ali , who be flipping through some of he photo with awe . ali ( amaze ) look at this Jimmy . jimmy I know . I take they . ali I know guy who have be take picture for fifteen year and be not this good . jimmy yeah . the Chief say it 's a gift . a telephone ring and olsen look around to make sure there be no other witness and answer it . jimmy Daily Planet , Kent speak . incoherent yell can be hear from the other end and olsen bullet to attention . jimmy no , miss Lane . they be in a meeting . sure thing , miss Lane . olsen scramble to find a pen , jot down instruction on he palm and hang up . he fumble out of he chair and race for the Conference room throw the door open ... perry ... have lose contact with the constitution -- jimmy chief ! - perry olsen ! what they hell be you do in my staff meeting ?! you be not a writer , you be a photographer and you be barely that ! get out of here before I have you sell papers on the corner ! instinctively , jimmy fold and turn to quickly exit , then remember why he come in the first place ... jimmy oh yeah . miss Lane call . somebody have a bomb in the lexcorp building . everything stop . perry be not lois interview luthor today ? no one have a answer . perry ( explode ) well what be you wait for ?! everyone hustle out of the room . as they be leave , no one notice a glass of water and a empty chair where clark be sit . CUT to : int . DAILY planet - hall people be walk the hall perform they duty when a gust of wind and a blur streak past cause some to look twice and find nothing . int . janitor' closet in a supply closet , a janitor duck around a corner to sneak a cigarette . he take a drag and open a window to exhale when the blur of wind blow past he and out the window knock some clean supplies off the shelf . the janitor look . janitor windy . he take another drag on he cigarette . CUT to : ext . metropolis skyline - day people be in they apartment as the red and blue blur streak by the window . it move so quickly that some do not notice it . other run to the window and fire escape call they family to catch a glimpse of it . ext . metropolis STREET - day the street bustle with mid-day activity . a girl move with a crowd across a intersection stop in the middle of the street . a oncoming taxi screech to a halt to avoid kill she . the girl be stare skyward down the street . Cars horn blare and the taxi driver lean out and scream : taxi driver hey stupid ! what the - the taxi driver see what she be focus on and forget what he be yell for . everyone in the street stop and stare . the noise of a city in mid-afternoon come to a silence . in the distance the blue and red streak fly off and make a almost perfect ninety degree turn around a building . people can be see in awe for block . CUT to : ext . lexcorp headquarters - day the serenity of the previous scene be interrupt by panic . people be flee the building be ushere to safety by the metropolis bomb squad . the media have arrive , try to force they way past the police barricade with no luck . there be chatter among the crowd until they realize luthor be among they and all they frustration and fear change to a silent hush . surrounded by bodyguard , be lex luthor . luthor be a middle - age impose figure . a angel to some , devil to other . a egomaniacal recluse . a genius . a idiot . a humanitarian and exploiter . he be dress in a dark business suit that cost more to clean than most people make in a month . the look on he face be not one of fear that would be associate with a assassination attempt . to he , this be a annoyance . lead the team of bodyguard with the luthor center be mercy grave , luthor 's Minister of Security . she be young , petite with a short brown male haircut and dress in a modify version of a traditional chauffeur 's uniform with a more militaristic feel . she be luthor 's personal bodyguard and right hand woman . she look harmless ... she be not . a employee be argue with a cop when luthor be ushere past . they conversation stop and they gawk . cop be that he ? employee I think so . cop you think so ? employee I have work here for six year and I have never actually see the guy before . luthor be bring directly to the bomb squad sergeant ( pennington ) . luthor ( annoyed ) sergeant , I trust this will not take long . I be try to run a company . sergeant well , there be a bomb in you building , mister luthor . luthor if they really want to kill I and be remotely competent , I would be dead by now . I can not stand incompetence . I would like this matter finish as soon as possible . bomb squad cop approach . bomb squad cop Security give we the go-ahead . the building be clear , sir . sergeant good . we conduct a floor - by-floor building search in two - man party for the bomber and - luthor ( adamantly ) no! lexcorp be a secure facility . I can not have you traipsing through - sergeant how be my man suppose to find the - luthor there be sensitive material and project - sergeant with all due respect , there be a bomb in there that could level this building - luthor then I will build a new one . sergeant and what about you employees ? luthor ( lean into sergeant ) then I will hire new one . ( beat ) regardless , you man will not be enter this facility . ( to mercy ) mercy . mercy yes , mister luthor ? luthor be you man capable of find a bomb ? mercy yes , mister luthor . luthor then get it do . mercy yes , mister luthor . mercy turn and whisper secret service - style microphone in she cuff . sergeant this be not standard procedure , luthor . luthor ( irritate ) as far as I know you be a industrial spy and send the bomb yourself to get into my building with no witness -- sergeant ( furious ) be you accuse I of not do my job !? luthor I have pen that cost more than you make in a week . the two begin to argue when bystander # 1 in the background look up and point . bystander # 1 look ! up in the sky ... several other look . bystander # 2 it 's a bird ... the focus shift from luthor to the sky . bystander # 3 it 's a plane . a whisper build through the crowd . superman gracefully descend to Earth , he red boot gently connect with the pavement as he red flow cape cascade off he shoulder and perfectly hang from he frame . he land on the clear side of the barricade . he be a muscular man , 6 '3 " and 225 pound . his ice blue eye and jet black hair compliment he chisele feature . the red and yellow " S " shield cover he entire chest . he have a presence unlike any other . luthor be still ranting as the sergeant notice he and stop argue . sergeant superman . superman stare at the building like he 's look through it ... because he be . sergeant leave luthor who be not use to be walk away from in mid-sentence . sergeant approach superman who be concentrate on he invisible x- ray vision . sergeant ( slightly nervous ) Sir , I be sergeant pennington of the mpf bomb unit . superman stop scan and shake sergeant 's hand . superman Nice to meet you , sergeant pennington . there 's no bomb in this building . luthor ( scream ) how could you know that ? superman I check . there be some lead line room which be not unusual in a research facility but they be secure area . so unless luthor put the bomb there himself , the bomb be out here . luthor what ? how dare you insinuate - superman motion to luthor to be quiet . superman ( " listen " ) wait ... luthor do you hear you mother call you ? superman " listen " to the crowd . we hear what he hear . what sound like a massive chaotic bass -heavy thumping narrow down short and short until there be one incredibly quick heartbeat . superman stare into the crowd look " through " they . the crowd part as if they know he be not look at they until the woman from the receptionist desk be leave stand alone . her face be full of tear and she look like hell . superman ( to luthor ) ex -wife ? luthor hardly . I pay the six of they enough money not to try a stunt like this . she 's a former employee I have to transfer to a " less desirable position . " woman ( cry ) all I want be to talk to you , mister luthor . you tell I you care and I just want one more chance . I just want to talk . luthor do you have a appointment ? furiously the woman pull a trigger from she pocket and rip she jacket open show the bomb . immediately , superman begin to inspect it with he telescopic vision . sergeant hey lady ! I do not know what this schmuck do to you but you be gonna kill a lot of innocent people . luthor look ... mercy lean into luthor and whisper in he ear . luthor ... Cheryl , I know there may have be some misunderstandings . woman transferring I to bludhaven be hardly a misunderstanding . luthor how about I will have someone give you a call if you leave you number with - woman i'll give you a number ! three ! people begin to scramble from the scene . luthor I can give you a promotion . maybe move you into a nice office on the one-hund and fourth next to the executive wash room . woman two ! people begin to knock each other over flee the area . the police be right behind they . people take shelter behind car and structure . superman be watch she , totally calm . luthor five hundred percent salary increase . that oughta buy a lot of therapy . woman one ! she press the trigger and there be a almost inaudible click . she press repeatedly and nothing . she look at the trigger and in its place be a sterling silver pen . she click it again and the point extend and retract . she look down at she mid-section and there be no bomb . shash CUT across to : luthor , superman and sergeant . they be confuse except for superman who no one notice be hold and inspect the bomb . superman where do you get this ? this be very impressive . ( to sergeant ) what be this ? sergeant do a double take and then inspect it without touch it . sergeant that be impressive . that be you basic class six explosive with a chemical balance and wire trigger . it 's a common weapon use by american militias and querac jihad . ( beat ) you disarm it by cut the yellow , the pink and then the black . superman 's irise turn red and three wire burn clean through . he hand it to sergeant who just stare at he in amazement . two officer arrest the woman . as she 's be take away ... luthor Cheryl ... she turn with hope in she eye . luthor ... you be fire . she break free of the police and lunge at luthor . stepping in the way of she charge be mercy . with a martial art move that appear to be one fluid motion , she drop she to the ground . police gather she and take she away . sergeant superman , how do you know where the bomb be ? luthor ( answer for superman ) a heartbeat have a particular rhythm that 's corrupt when someone be under duress , a threaten situation or lie . sergeant like a polygraph . superman exactly . luthor that 's a neat trick . do you do party ? superman it 's not so easy to distinguish when there be two heartbeat , luthor . ( give luthor a very dirty look ) if that 's all ... lois lane run to the scene as superman be prepare to leave . luthor I be not do with you yet . you commit a extreme invasion of my privacy by look into my building . you can expect to hear from my lawyer . superman I do not have time for this , luthor. ( notice lois ) hello , miss Lane . how be you do ? lois ( slightly nervous ) Fine . superman it 's good to see you again but I have to be go . superman effortlessly rise and disappear into the afternoon sky . luthor ( shout ) when I have you bring up on charge and arrest and you will have all the time in the world ! CUT to : ext . kent farm , ( smallville , kansas ) - late afternoon a sport utility truck drive up the long dirt road lead to the kent farm . the modern truck clash against the 1950s norman rockwell - ish landscape . the door open and out step lana lang ( early 30 ) carry a cover dish . she be dress in a simple shirt and wear jeans with very little makeup . the screen door open and out step martha kent , the same woman we see for a moment thirty year earlier . her hair have gray and she 's find some wrinkle . she be wear a apron but there be not a stain on it . martha ( scold ) lana lang you know better than that . martha rush to she side like she 's a long lose child return home . she kiss she on the cheek and take the dish . lana Mrs. Kent we go through this every Sunday . be Clark here yet ? martha no . I think he say something about a meeting today . jonathan kent meet they on the porch . jonathan my girl lana , what do you bring I ? martha roll she eye at he . martha ( scolding ) Jonathan . lana Peach cobbler . martha Jonathan , what time be Clark come ? jonathan look at he watch . jonathan well metropolis time be two hour behind but he 's never be late for a Sunday supper . I reckon he should be here - the sound of they dog bark distract jonathan . he look by the barn and see they son , superman 's alter -ego , clark kent , play with the dog . he be dress in jeans and simple button shirt . jonathan -- right on time . clark hey , pa ! he hug he father who look small in he arm . almost boylike , he approach lana . clark lana . lana hi Clark . there be a share moment between they . martha whisper to jonathan and they leave the two alone for a moment . CUT to : int . kent home - dine room Supper be finish and the table be cluttere with dirty dish . martha begin collect dish . clark you outdid yourself , ma. let I help you with that . clark get up and assist . jonathan unbuckle he belt and lean back in he chair fully satisfied . martha Jonathan , be that necessary . we have guest . jonathan what ? lana might as well be family . she can unbuckle she pants if it make she feel better . lana maybe next time . jonathan be you sure ? I be gonna stretch out on the floor in a minute . lana you do that . martha he will not . CUT to : ext . kent farm - dusk clark walk out of the house follow by jonathan . there be a marvelous Kansas sunset over the flatland of the farm . jonathan be not that something ? clark it sure be . you know , metropolis have a beautiful sunset . jonathan but you can only see it when you be in a plane above the city . that 's why I do not go there often . I think I would miss she too much . clark ma seem a little distant . jonathan we see what you do this afternoon , son . clark oh . jonathan you know how she worry . she just want you to be safe . you be she only son . be careful . clark I will be careful , pa . I promise . he kiss he father on the forehead . martha come out of the house with lana . martha you be not go to race off with mine , be you ? clark no , ma. he give she a long hug . martha I have some leftover I can wrap for you . clark hmmm , homemade meat loaf , that 's tempting but I will be okay . lana be you go to walk I to my car , Clark ? clark sure . lana thanks for have I , Mrs Kent . martha anytime , lana . martha and jonathan return to the house . clark walk lana very slowly to she truck . lana they love you so much . clark I know . I do not know what I would do without they . ( beat ) you know , when I fly through metropolis I notice different thing all the time . subtle change nobody probably notice . but when I fly over smallville , it 's like nothing ever change . it 's just the way I leave it . it 's like time do not work here . lana ( laugh to herself ) it work . it just work very slowly . ( beat , very serious ) I miss you , Clark . I miss you so much . clark I miss you , too , lana . lana look at he realize he do not understand . lana you really do not know , do you ? you can hear cloud collide into each other but you be so oblivious sometimes . ( beat ) you know every time you parent see you on tv they be so proud and so terrify at the same time . when other people worry if they kid be make friend and eat right you parent be worry if some super - power goon be go to get the best of you . if you be go to be trap in space or bury in a lava flow or something . clark ( beat ) I have that lava flow under control . lana you be miss the point , Clark . they love you and worry about you . I worry about you . sometimes I wish you would just come home one Sunday for dinner and stay but I know that can not happen . I have know you since we be kid and I know how you parent raise you . you could never stay in smallville know there be thing happen in the world you could prevent . you could not live with yourself . you could never be that selfish . ( beat ) but I could . clark you know , there be ten million people in metropolis and I do not know any of they . sometimes I think about it and I be save a city full of stranger when the people I know and love be here . and the worse part be everyone there think they know I . lana but there thing actually happen . they need you more than we ever could . they depend on you . you be they hero . clark be I ? NASA lose contact with the constitution and on reentry it explode and twelve man die . I might have be the only man on Earth who could have save they . lana but you do not , Clark . you do not save they and they die . you can not save they all . clark instead , I spend my afternoon save the life of a billionaire egomaniac . lana and what if you have not ? what if that woman blow up the building and a few thousand people die ? Clark , you can not be everywhere . clark but if I have be - lana if you have be what ? two place in the same time ? stronger ? faster ? you may be the most amazing person on the planet and the world may call you superman but inside you be just a man . you have to accept that . clark reach over and hold she hand . she smile and lean in and kiss he . lana remember that night after graduation when you take I out into the back field . I know you be go off to college but somewhere , I think you be go to ask I to marry you . clark have a look of surprise . lana I think we would get marry and you would get I out of the one cow town and I would actually see something in my life . clark lana , I do not ... lana shush he before he can finish . lana it 's okay . clark I should have marry you when I have the chance . lana you will always have the chance , Clark . whenever you be ready to come home , I will be here . they both gaze up into the open Kansas sky . CUT to : int . lexcorp conference room in the room seat around a large marble table be thirty man from various division of the lexcorp empire . one entire wall be a window overlook a breathtaking view of night - light metropolis . the massive seat at the front of the table be empty . the two giant door to the room be toss open and in walk luthor ( everyone stand ) . as always , within arm distance be mercy , follow by two secretary . he sit at the front of the table with a secretary on each side . mercy stand behind he . luthor gentlemen , I have have a hell of a day and I be not in a very good mood so let 's make this short . ( call out ) account ? van hyning , the account rep stand and clear he throat . van hyning we have acquire six more research facility in Southeast Asia . the munition plant in Northern Europe that have be prohibit we use of they new patent circuit board be no longer a problem . luthor then the merger go well ? van hyning the detail be in my report . lexair , lexoil , lexcom and they subsidiary be all do well , twenty - two percent above the project goal . luthor ( excited ) that 's what I like to hear ! van hyning ( nervous ) the stock divide this morning and lexcorp take a two hundred point seven million dollar loss ... the lowest percentage loss of all the list company . a loss sixteen percent higher than maxwell Lord 's holding . luthor do not look happy with the news and everyone wait for he reaction . luthor what exactly be I stand in ? van hyning company asset be at four point two trillion dollar . luthor ( long beat ) that 's acceptable . ( beat ) Research ? hollister , the rep from research & development stand . hollister construction of we new facility in South America and Greenland be proceeding ahead of schedule . the great news be medical research have perfect the leukemia vaccine prototype . it work flawlessly . luthor have they send the condition to the pharmaceutical firm ? hollister yes they have and they have all decline . they argue the ask price be outrageous . luthor if it be they kid let 's see how outrageous it be . very well , we keep it and it go no where . the Antarctica facility ? hollister running totally on you new energy source for eight month on a less than a quarter of a percent what it previously use . the new fuel be clean , stable and most importantly cheap . of course , we only have limited resource . luthor be it possible to replicate the chemical structure ? hollister we know it be not from Earth but it 's be work on as we speak . luthor and the metropolis Energy Commission ? hollister that news be not as good . there need to be a unanimous vote to change the city 's power source . we own ten of the twelve commission member but the other two refuse to cooperate . they think it 's unnecessary to spend billion of dollar of taxpayer 's money on a untest source . luthor the cloning ? hollister we have a cat ? luthor you clone a cat ? ( to van hyning ) how much money have I spend on this cloning thing ? van hyning two billion , mister luthor . luthor two billion dollar and you have a cat ? hollister well , we have fifteen hundred cat . ( luthor give he a horrid look ) it 's very remarkable . they all be identical when mean the matrix - luthor Fifteen hundred cat ? what be I suppose to do with fifteen hundred cat ? if I be in Korea I would open a delicatess but I be not . I be in metropolis where fifteen hundred cat be useless to I . I want something better . dog , monkey , french -speak gorilla . impress I . hollister yes , mister luthor . luthor ( change tone and become extremely serious ) now to my legal Department ... I have a problem , which in turn mean you have a problem . luthor stand and begin circle the table in a tiger - like stalk look for something to kill . luthor this afternoon a man stand outside , on my property and look inside my building . my business . my home . I consider this a grave invasion of my privacy . ( beat ) now what be you go to do about it ? several attorney look nervously at each other . luthor point at wynn , a young man , who return a " who I " look . wynn well , he 's superman , sir . he 's not the kind of person you issue subpoena to . and he be act with the cooperation of the Police and under the good samaritan act of 1968 you can not ... the entire room cringe . luthor look up with a frightening serene expression . luthor I what ? wynn ( very nervous ) you can not take legal action - luthor I be sorry , what 's you name ? wynn wynn , sir . luthor and wynn , how long have you be employ here ? wynn Three month , sir . luthor and can you tell I what qualify you to work in my legal Department ? wynn I attend Harvard Law School on a full scholarship and graduate in the top three percent with honors . I work as a public defender for three year in gateway City with a undefeate record . I have my own firm for two year in keystone and decide I want to work with the best and come here . luthor be you familiar with my qualification ? wynn ( nervous ) no , sir . luthor well , let I familiarize you with my resume . I complete high school when I be fourteen . I have my first bachelor 's Degree when I be sixteen . my first doctorate when I be seventeen . I have four of they . I graduate in the top three of my class because I be too busy work on theory for matter destabilization that year but I do manage a Nobel Prize nomination in science but I lose to some mathematician with theory no one will ever use . NASA pay I for the destablizer and I be a millionaire at twenty - four . I make my first billion when I be thirty - one . ( to van hyning ) what be my personal asset ? van hyning as of four-fifteen this afternoon , you personal worth be one hundred and sixteen point one billion dollar ... give or take a few hundred million . luthor of the other two , one be a advisor to the President and the other spend he night praying he can defend waynetech from my corporate raider . ( beat ) I understand you be new but for future reference , you never tell I what I can and cannot do . ( beat ) van hyning . van hyning Sir ? luthor superman say something about not be able to see through the lead-line room in the radiation lab . get a estimate to the interior wall paint with a lead content paint . ( turn toward the window ) I be think ... beige . luthor be stare out over the city . everyone exit except mercy . luthor reach adjust he jacket and realize he 's miss he sterling silver pen . he look at mercy for a answer and she shrug she shoulder . CUT to : int . DAILY planet - perry white's office - 10:45 p lois enter perry 's office waive a floppy disk . lois I get it . she drop the disk on he desk . perry what 's this ? lois the story on lexcorp bomb for the morning edition . perry hold up another disk . perry Clark have he here before he leave at seven . lois do not say anything . she fume until she 's build up enough pressure she storm out . perry ( shouting out and hold the disk ) and what ever happen to paper ? int . DAILY planet CITY room lois drop into she chair , consume with anger . the clock in the background read 11:00 pm . Cleaning people come and go along with the occasional worker burn the midnight oil . she never move but the time do . the clock dissolves to 8:30 be . the office become alive with people . clark kent enter with ron troupe and they go to they respective desk . clark situate he thing , open the morning paper while lois glare at he the whole time . lois ( monotone ) how do you do it , smallville ? clark ( not lowering the paper ) do what , lois ? lois you know what . clark ( lowering the paper and look up ) I be just do my job . lois no. get the storey on the front page be what I do . you be do my job . clark be you jealous , lois ? lois no , I be not jealous of you . clark tell you what . I have a meeting with mayor berkowicz to discuss the revamping of the transit system . why do not you go instead ? lois do not do I any favor . Sam Lane do not raise he daughter to take hand -out . clark no , I insist . I have a friend come to town and it will free up more of my time . he like you better anyway . you always get the good stuff out of he . ( convincing ) come on , lois . he owe I a interview as a favor . it will be a exclusive . lois ( hesitant ) okay , I will do it , but not because I want the story . I be do it so you can spend the evening with you friend to do whatever it be you do when you be not here . understood ? clark you be help I out . lois exactly . across the room ron and jimmy be listen in . ron lois be one hard case . jimmy miss Lane hate to lose ... especially to mister Kent . ron actually , I would hate to be on the receive end of that but I think Kent actually like it . ron walk off . jimmy you think ? CUT to : ext . STREET - day - rush hour a speed van be weaving dangerously through traffic while be pursue by police car . the van lose its pursuer but swerve to avoid a civilian , cause the van to flip several time landing in the middle of a intersection . daze , three ski-mask thug emerge carry duffel bag of money . thug # 1 let 's go ! they flee through the street , past pedestrian and into the subway . int . subway the thug jump the turnstile and force themselves into a subway train as the door shut and it pull from the platform . Subway patron scream with terror . thug # 2 everybody shut up or somebody 's gettin ' a bullet in the head ! thug # 1 ( to thug # 3 ) go up front and make sure the driver do not radio anybody or make any stop until I say so . thug # 3 hustle to the front of the car . thug # 1 ( to thug # 2 ) they can still stop the car from the central station so if we do not stop at the 147th then they do not know what car we be on . the train approach the next platform without slow . thug # 3 ( excited ) we be not slow ! they do not know which train we be on ! we be outta here ! the thug rejoice in a quick celebration as the train speed past the platform . on the platform be clark kent next to lois lane ( with she cell phone . ) the wait commuter be confuse and start mumble . in a instant , clark peer into the move train with he telescopic vision see the thug with they hostage . clark take two step backwards behind the line of people . his gray hat can be see above the headline as he move along the platform in the direction of the train . between the people , we see a blur that change from a gray suit to the familiar colorful uniform . he emerge from the other side as superman and fly into the tunnel . he 's go in a blur . int . subway tunnel superman speed through the darken tunnel , he image be a flicker among the pass subway light . as he approach the train he turn sideways ( leave side down , he front to the train ) and squeeze between the train and subway wall . his face strain as he build speed and match the turn without slow . int . subway car the hostage in the train be panicked . one hostage , face the window , can see a large sideways " S " shield move past they to the front of the train . hostage burp a small nervous laugh and another until they quickly build to a frenzy of uncontrolled laughter . the other hostage fear he 's go to get they kill . thug # 2 ( to laughing hostage ) what the hell be so damn funny ? laugh hostage ( try to calm himself ) you ... superman arrive at the front of the train and turn upright fly in a stand position at the door . laughing hostage ( laugh ) ... be gonna ... superman force he finger between the door and tear they open with the sound of twist metal . laughing hostage ( try to stop ) ... get you ass ... superman , hover two foot above the floor , step down inside . laughing hostage ( laugh ) ... so kick . everybody in the train look at the laughing hostage with no idea what he 's talk about . superman ( os ) gentlemen ... thug turn to see superman . immediately they point they gun and fire in a rapid succession of bullet . barely move , superman whip he hand through the air catch dozen of bullet . thug # 2 's gun jam . thug # 1 run out of ammunition . thug # 3 keep fire and superman , still catch bullet walk slowly toward he , reach out , wrap he finger around the gun and begin to " crinkle " it cause it to smoke and break apart . Metal chunks clang as they hit the floor . after the last piece fall , superman lace he finger with the thug 's and squeeze cause the thug to buckle to he knee scream in pain . superman ( to thug ) I be guess you be new here . thug # 2 's gun unjam and he fire at superman 's back . superman hear the shot and turn . the bullet hit he square in he chest and ricochet ... Pov - the bullet : speed back to thug # 2 's forehead . thug # 2 scream and as the bullet close in on he face , it stop in mid-air . camera pan out and superman be hold the bullet between he thumb and index finger , four inch from thug # 2 's forehead . the bullet be wafting smoke . thug # 2 be whimper . superman I think this belong to you . he put the hot bullet in thug # 2 's palm and close he finger around it . the train come to a stop . ext . streetside there be emergency vehicle and police wait streetside . superman emerge from the subway surround by the crowd of people he 's rescue . a little girl approach . girl superman , can I get my picture take with you ? mother we be from out of town and it would be a great souvenir . superman I really do not do picture ... but I will tell you what ... superman hold out he hand still full of bullet . he kneel to the girl 's level and blow on they . the little girl wince at the cold air . when the mist clear , the bullet be incase in ice . superman pluck one from the mound and hand it to she . superman why do not you take one of this and tell all you friend you see superman catch it ? girl cool ! superman set the freeze bullet on the ground and the crowd scramble for they . superman see lois off to the side jotting note on a tablet furiously . the girl take the freeze bullet and gleefully show she parent . father thanks , superman . superman my pleasure . superman shake he hand and wince . father look at he shocked . lois notice . lois let I see that . superman I be fine , lois . lois open he hand and he palm be burn . lois look at he with fear in she eye . lois be this from the bullet ? superman I will be okay . he fly off . CUT to : int . police station several cop be escort a huge loud perp through the bustling station into lockup . perp hey pig , how long you think I be gonna to stay here before I break loose and kill you all ? cop # 1 shut up . SMALL female cop ( officer warren ) walk by . perp hey piglet , nice piece you get there . you wanna see what I be packin' ? she pull out a can of mace and spray he directly in the face . he start cough and change into a laugh . he repulse she by flick he tongue . he hold he cuffed hand in the air . perp do you like to play with handcuffs as much as I do ? officer warren I prefer my man without jewelry . perp not a problem . he twist he ham -fist together and strain the small silver chain until it break . he hold he free hand in the air . perp I be flexible . he pick she up ( officer warren scream ) and toss she across the room like a discard toy . the station go berserk . police scramble for cover and draw they weapon . perp okay , who want to be first ?! stranger ( os ) that would be I . this whole sequence be do without a visual of the stranger . he be to be reveal later . perp look down and laugh . quick CUT to : ext . police station -- midday perp be throw through the front double glass door and land in the middle of the street . daze , he lift himself to see a truck head straight for he . he scream ! the driver slam he break and the truck skid . at the last possible second , a hand press into the truck grill and stop it . the airbag ignites and explode on the driver . the front of the car be smashed like it hit a tree . stranger ( os ) to police ) someone see if that driver be okay . the Police Station empty into the street . the perp be mumble to himself . the stranger grab he by the back of he neck and squeeze . he point he into the direction of the officer warren ( who be rub she neck ) . stranger ( os ) ( to perp ) since I be sure you do not have a mother , I will assume you do not know better . perp screw you , you frickin ' - stranger ( os ) ( squeezing harder ) apologize to the lady . I be only go to ask you nicely once . perp ( in horrible pain and whimper ) I be sorry , miss Police Lady miss . stranger ( os ) that 's better . he let go and perp fall to the ground . close - up on perpus hand as six pair of handcuffs lock around he wrist and he 's lead back into the station by several cop with rifle point at he . the stranger walk down the street . cop what be that ? CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - day a school bus have a blow-ouT . the driver try to keep control as it lean and be hit by a truck knock it on its side . int . school bus the child be scream and cry . the driver stagger to he foot in the overturn bus . driver kide ! kide ! everybody stay calm . this be go to be okay . ( point to a older boy ) Patrick ! see if you can open the emergency door ! patrick pull the lever but the door do not open . he stick he head out a break window and see ... a freight train . they have be push through traffic onto the track . patrick mister clifton ! there 's a train come ! the child begin scream when something else slam into the bus with a thud ! driver what the --? ext . intersection / train crossing the bus start to slide on the pavement through the train intersection . people get out of they car watch the sight . camera pan around the back of the train revealing stranger with he back against the bus pushing it over the track . the man be reveal slightly more than he be in the previous scene . the bus barely clear the track and the train speed by . the stranger go to the top of the bus ( which be on its side ) and with he bare hand tear into the metal roof make a open for the child to escape . stranger everybody be careful . the edge be sharp . do not cut yourself . the driver , the last one out , squint at the sun in he eye as he look to he silhouett benefactor ... driver thank you , superm - and realize this be not superman . driver ( embarrass ) I be sorry . stranger do not worry . it happen all the time . CUT to : ext . monorial track close up : there be a short in the magnet track , which shower in spark . int . monorail cockpit gage begin flash and the monorail conductor frantically try to regain control . he click he radio on . monorail conductor attention base fourteen ! attention base fourteen ! mmt six eight nine zero be runaway ! repeat : mmt six eight nine zero be runaway ! the monorail barrel through its switch - off . monorail conductor ( to himself ) oh no . the switch . int . CITY hall PRESS room deputy mayor michael WALKER be behind a podium field question from reporter . among they be clark kent and jimmy olsen . WALKER ...has no official stand at this time but I will have a answer for you next week . the last three question will be ms Parks , Mr Kent and Mr knox from the Globe . knox with increase activity by superman , do this administration endorse this unsanction action and if it do not , how do it plan to police they ? WALKER the mayor ... close on clark kent whose attention start to drift . the deputy mayor 's voice warble and with he hearing , he begin to focus on other thing . the next line overlap as if listen to a hundred people talk at once . eavesdrop # 1 ... I have the szechwan Chicken and garlic sauce ... eavesdrop # 2 ...how could you do that do I ? you know how much I care about you ... eavesdrop # 3 ... this behavior can not be tolerate ... eavesdrop # 4 ...has manage to synthesize and patent some new mineral at lexcorp ... eavesdrop # 5 ... if you be not do anything after work I be hope you might ... eavesdrop # 6 ...are a bunch of heathen anyway ... eavesdrop # 7 ...ca not be trust ... eavesdrop # 8 ... do not know what I would do without ... eavesdrop # 9 ... the nine thirty show ... eavesdrop # 10 ... because of the gun ... eavesdrop # 11 ... be so yummy ... eavesdrop # 12 ... be not really hers ... the voice get more and more single out until there be one lone voice . eavesdrop # 13 ... emergency vehicle stand by for massive collision victim at monorail base fourteen ... the sound focus again on WALKER . WALKER ... but be appreciate regardless , Mr knox . and the last question go to Kent . the attention in the room shift to a empty chair where clark be second earlier . nobody see kent leave and no one be as surprised as olsen . CUT to : int . CITY hall PRESS room clark scurries around the corner past employee . a elevator be repair and the door be wedge open . two repairmen be work on the door . clark move to the elevator in a blur . both repairmen turn away as the blur move between they and drop down the darken shaft . the two repairmen turn and look at each other and then go about the business . int . elevator shaft clark freefall down the shaft , he body a perfectly rigid form . his tie wisp above he head and he hair flip in the breeze as he plummet several storey . his eye be close enjoy the moment . the camera close in on he chest . his hand gently take the edge of he buttone shirt and tear they apart revealing the red and yellow " S " shield on blue that fill he chest . int . CITY hall elevator shaft the lobby elevator be open and mark off with " out of order " sign . superman fly out of the shaft and through the lobby . someone enter and superman meet the open door perfectly and fly out . CUT to : ext . second monorail a second monorail be unaware another have lose control and not switch track . they be head directly toward each other . ext . track from overhead superman swerve into view and catch up with runaway monorail . int . runaway monorail from inside , passengers look and point at superman fly overhead . ext . runaway monorail superman fly in front of the monorail , place himself against the front car and push in a attempt to slow it down in vain . the monorail conductor can see superman through the window . monorail conductor come on , superman ! you can do it ! the second monorail be gain . superman use he telescopic vision and can see the other monorail mile away close in . CUT to : int . second monorail conductor be on the radio . conductor what ! he throw a series of switch stop the monorail . passenger be throw about as it halt . CUT to : ext . runaway monorail the runaway monorail be within immediate distance . close on superman 's face , which be tightened and strain . the monorail frame begin to cave in make a indention with superman at its center . close on superman 's face , which be contort ... the noise stop . all be silent . camera pan back from superman 's face and reveal a halt monorail with he body press against it . he look like a child in front of a semi compare to the train . camera pan further revealing the second monorail maybe two foot in front of he . the conductor stare at he in disbelief . conductor wait till my wife hear this one . camera move along side the distance of the runaway show the relieved passenger through the window and finally come to the end of the train revealing the stranger hold the back end . from a back window , people inside the train have be watch he . the stranger let go and step out onto the platform tired and wear . this be the first time we fully see he in light . his be huge and bald with a goatee and dress in black . in the distance , superman stagger out from the train . superman and the stranger 's eye meet . the train door open and people flood out . CUT to : television interview all take from witness to the day 's event and all in different place . school girl ( nervous ) then the bus flip over and we all fall and the train be come but somebody push we out the way and he be big and strong and big and he push we off the track . cop I do not know where he come from but he grab that guy and toss he through the window into traffic like he be nothing . he make he apologize to leah but I do not know , I might have let the guy get hit by that truck . monorail conductor I have see superman in action but he look different today . like he be not all there . the interview be part of : newscast : action comment featuring superman the show be a daily broadcast with a special segment every day on superman 's daily exploit . the logo in the background be make of slant letter that appear to be fly off the screen . the host be angela chen . angela metallo . who be he ? what be he ? where do he come from ? in the past twenty - four hour , he 's be responsible for six different rescue and stop three crime in progress . with rumor of superman 's ability wane , could he timing be better ? here to address the issue of superman 's ability and limitation be STAR lab ' Chief Science expert , Nobel Prize winner and personal friend of superman , Professor emil hamilton . professor hamilton be a man in he early fifty with glass ; gray hair and a match beard . angela Professor hamilton , how accurate be the report of a " injure " superman ? hamilton since superman 's potential and the origin of he ability be unknown to we , there be no sure way to tell to what extent he 's suffer , if he 's suffer at all . angela so you will agree superman be not the man of tomorrow he be last month . hamilton I have do more test on superman than anyone else have on Earth but the duration of time it take for he power to deteriorate to they current state , only he know . I can only imagine the effect have such power and then suddenly have it dissipate ... host get a message from she earpiece . angela ( interrupt ) hold on . we have a report metallo just stop a jewel heist in the downtown financial district . we have a camera there now . let 's see if we can go live . a window appear with a scene of overturn car on fire and several other wreck vehicle . angela folk , I be not sure what we be look at here . there appear to be some fire and property damage . the jerky camera pan catch metallo hoist a thug in each hand in the air and into the back of a police van . angela wait ! there 's metallo . camera get closer . angela metallo ! he turn . angela this be Angela chen with action comment . can we have a few word ? metallo sure . despite he massive intimidating size and almost threaten appearance , metallo speak very articulately and be well - mannered . he be a paradox of himself . angela you be ability obviously dwarf the rest of we . can you tell we how you become metallo ? metallo I wish I could but most of it 's a blur to I . I remember be in a car accident and rescue by someone on the outskirt of the city . I be almost dead and this man , a scientist , save my life . unfortunately the scientist die soon after so there be a lot that 's unexplain even to I . I be not sure what he do to I but I be just glad to be alive . I feel better now than I ever have . angela the talk of the town be that if you have not assist superman with the monorail , hundred could have die and possibly superman . do you believe superman be weaken ? metallo stop that train be not easy . I know . maybe there be some job that require more than superman . angela be that you way of say you plan on replace metropolis ' Marvel ? metallo definitely not . superman be a hero to I as he be everyone in metropolis , if not the world . look , metropolis be a big town . there be eleven million people here and I think there be more than enough room for the both of we . I bet the guy could use a vacation . forced laughter from chen . metallo now if you do not mind , I would like to make sure this guy get take off and I still have to clean up this mess . angela thanks for you time . we have a caller . caller you be on the air with Professor hamilton . caller ( vo ) ( very inarticulate ) I see sooperman in action and I do not believe you guy be writin ' he death certificate already and puttin ' that metallo guy on yer shoulder . the guy do not catch a train for Pete 's sake ! he 's always be there when it matter . maybe the guy do not get enough sleep or he 's get some kinda twenty - five hour bug or something ' . angela ( confuse ) oh-kay . we have another caller with a oppose view . go caller . luthor ( vo ) you really must develop a better screen process . angela be this lex luthor ? luthor ( vo ) yes it be . angela what a unexpected pleasure . metropolis ' favorite entrepreneur . can I call you lex ? luthor ( vo ) no. ( beat ) I agree with metallo . there be room in metropolis for two heroes . I think underestimate metallo may be a grave mistake . to put so much trust in one person can only be dangerous . at least we know metallo be human unlike superman who hide he origin . exactly what do we know about superman in the few year he 's be here . caller ( vo ) I know he can kick you bald ass clear to otisburg -- luthor ( vo ) ( confuse ) otisburg ? caller ( vo ) yeah you - luthor ( vo ) otisburg ? caller ( vo ) tell you what luther ... luthor ( vo ) lu-thor . caller ( vo ) dumbass ! why do not you come out of that fancy glass house and you and I can do a little one on one in yer front yard or be not you get the rock ? angela okay , I think that will be enough and we will be back after this commercial break . int . DAILY planet several staffer be gather around the wall - mount television and break up when the lexair commercial start . in the background , clark be at he desk handwrite a letter . lois be seat across from he . jimmy approach . jimmy do you see metallo on the news ? man , be he something or what ? ( look over lois ' shoulder and point ) there 's a " k " in " panicked . " lois smack he hand ... hard . clark sneeze . lois instinctively hand he a box of tissue . clark thank you . clark reach for the box and lois draw it back . lois what be that ? jimmy ( slightly confuse ) mister Kent sneeze . lois be you sick , smallville ? clark a little under the weather . probably something go around . lois in June ? she hand he the box . lois I have never see you sick , Clark . I think they build all you country boy big and strong . jimmy that 's true , mister Kent . wow . you be quick , miss Lane . lois I be a reporter , Jimmy . I notice thing . cat grant shout from she desk on the other side of the room . cat have anybody noticed if metallo be wearing a wedding ring ? clark I have not be feel well . I be probably best I go home and get some rest . cat approach . clark put he letter in a envelope and hand it to jimmy . clark Jimmy , could you take this down to the mail room . jimmy sure thing , mister Kent . cat take it from jimmy . cat lana lang ? lois a letter ? let I guess you pigeon have not come back yet ? you know , with email , fax and if you really want to be a neanderthal you could always use the telephone . cat I think it 's sweet . I can not remember when the last time somebody write something for I . why can not I meet a nice guy ? jimmy do not Bruce Wayne serve you with a restrain order ? cat that be four year ago and I be feel much better now , thank you . ( beat ) any good dirt I should know about , Clark ? lois Kent do not have any dirt . he 's go to go home and make some soup from a Kent recipe that 's be in the family for six generation and huddle down with a quilt and Frank capra movie that would make I wretch . be not you , Kent ? clark Seven generation . jimmy I think you have visitor tonight , mister Kent . be not that why you be let miss Lane interview Mayor berkowicz ? int . DAILY planet lobby a statuesque woman ( # 2 ) dress in a long skirt and conservative blouse enter . her body be that of a athlete . her leg be to die for . her skin 's like porcelain and she thick jet black wavy hair cascade down she shoulder to the middle of she back . she approach the receptionist ( # 3 ) who look up , startle . receptionist # 3 ( startle ) can I help you ? woman # 2 I be here to see Clark Kent . a man walk by in the background stare at she . quick CUT to : int . CITY room cat hmmmm . more Kansas farm boy ? lois cat like them big . it must be all the corn . quick CUT to : int . open hallway - open elevator the door open . everyone in the elevator be at shoulder height to mystery woman . she exit and they stare . as she walk down the hall and a man carry a computer monitor see she , drop it , and it shatter on the floor . quick CUT to : int . CITY room perry white stick he face out of he office . perry ( loud ) kent ! clark get up and head for perry 's office . cat why be you so hard on Clark , lois ? ron she 's jealous because she 's lois lane : ace reporter and the story of the century , the come of superman , be swoop right out from underneath she while she be there ; by the new guy , the country guy . the nobody who go to college at hicksville University in Kansas . the nobody who never have a professional gig in he life and not only do he manage to sneak a story pass the great and powerful lois Lane , he manage to win a carlin Award in the process ... ( slowly ) on he first ... time ... out . ( beat , to lois ) Green do not become you , lois . quick CUT to : int . DAILY planet security booth the woman 's image be on a wall of monitor . five guard be watch she . one signal and two more join they . quick CUT to : int . CITY room lois ( rant ) you want to know what it be ? this guy be a Boy scout . he do not smoke . he do not drink . he do not swear . he call he parent everyday . if I have to talk to my father everyday I would kill myself . he 's honest . he 's trustworthy . he 's moral . every friend he 's get he 's have since high school and that just be not normal . the guy say grace before he meal , eat he vegetable first and drink milk . and that ridiculous hat ! who wear a fedora ? ( beat ) for Christ 's sake , have anyone ever see he use the bathroom ? they stare at she like she 's a madwoman . jimmy I see he help old lady hayworth across the street to berardo 's delicatessen yesterday . lois that be exactly what I mean . everybody know old lady hayworth be a cranky bitch . ( search for word ) he 's like some kind of by - the-book moral , excellent worker , great writer , seven - year - old in the body of a linebacker virgin . ron that 's it . you be crazy . I hope you medical be pay for . lois ( stand to exit ) no . there be something else to this guy . thing about he we could not imagine . nobody eat that much apple pie . I can not put my finger on it but you will know when I do . Kent be full of surprise . she turn and be eye level at the chest of the mystery woman . camera cut to a full shot of the both of they and the woman ( 5 '11 " wear four inch heel ) tower over the 5 '7 " lois . woman # 2 I be tell I could find Clark Kent here . the woman speak in a very distinct accent ( similar to Greek ) . everyone be speechless . woman # 2 Clark Kent . he 's a reporter . more stare . woman # 2 this be the City room , be not it ? perry 's door open and he and clark exit . clark see he guest . clark ( excite ) diana ! he hug she . lois stare at they both in disbelief . woman # 2 from here on will be know as diana . diana I think I be in the wrong place . clark do you have any trouble get into town ? diana I be okay . I have a pretty good sense of direction . clark ( to everyone ) everyone , this be a old friend , diana . ( introduction ) this be ron troupe . cat grant we society columnist . Jimmy Olsen we favorite photographer . and this be lois Lane . diana Clark 's tell I a lot about you , miss Lane . lois oh really ... clark let I get my thing and we can go . have a seat . clark leave and diana sit in he chair . everyone hover around she . lois so diana ...? diana just ... diana . lois what be it you do ? diana I be a ancient history liaison for marston University in Boston . lois be that so ? diana mostly Greek history and culture . lois be you from smallville ? diana ( laugh , lean and whisper ) do I look like I be from smallville ? clark return . clark I be ready . diana get up and join he . diana it be a pleasure meeting you all . ron likewise . clark and diana exit . perry enter in time to see they leave . perry geez , where do Kent find the amazon ? CUT to : int . clark apartment - night the apartment decor be simple . lot of photo and memento from home , high school football trophy and journalism award . diana 's look at the wall of picture . diana this one be new . clark ( os ) ( from the kitchen he look up at a wall and answer ) that 's my parent and lana last Christmas . diana they be such good people . diana gently run she finger over the image of PA kent with envy . diana you know they send I a Christmas card . clark ( embarrass ) I tell they you do not celebrate Christmas . you should send they a card when Zeus ' birthday come . diana I do not think hallmark make a card for that . clark step out from the kitchen with a picnic basket . clark ready ? diana where be we go ? clark a little place I know outside the city . CUT to : ext . grassy plain - night clark and diana be sit on a large blanket eat by the dim light of a lantern . although we can not see the background , they seem to be in the middle of nowhere with a starlit sky . diana everyone miss you , Clark . clark ( distant ) really ? that mean a lot to I . diana you seem distant . what 's troubling you , Clark ? clark that train . I have catch plane in midair . I should have be able to stop that . if metallo have not be there that people would have die . diana but they do not . be glad he be there . clark it 's weird because I feel fine before I get there and then I just feel so tired . diana ( comfort ) it 's okay . clark ( worried ) it 's not okay . I do not get sick . do you have any idea what it take to make I tired ? ( beat ) there be a minute where I think I be go to die with that people . diana 's face turn serious . clark have you ever think you be go to die ? diana ( uneasy at the idea ) I , I have never consider it . clark I neither . I swear I be go to get crush between that train . there be a minute , not even , a fraction of a second , where something inside tell I to get out the way . diana Clark ... clark and then in a split second I justified it think if I save myself and let that few hundred people die how many more could I save in my lifetime ? a few thousand ? ten of thousand ? would let a few hundred people die be worth save a few million in the end ? diana but you could never do that . do you think you could just let some asteroid drop into the middle of downtown and whatever happen , happen . ( beat ) that 's not like you . I know it 's a lot of pressure but you raise the standard . hal do not tell anybody but I can tell he try to run the League like you would . people strive to be like you and that 's a good thing . clark I be afraid one day I be go to fail they . diana and one day you might . but you can not live in fear of that . one day we both might die but it be not how you die that 's important ... it 's how you live . there be a long silence . clark it 's nice to have someone who understand . diana anytime , Clark . anytime . clark this be a really nice spot . I always wonder why it 's here . diana do you really want to know ? clark Nah . the camera pan out and reveal they be sit in the center of stonehenge . CUT to : int . metropolis nuclear facility - core monitoring station a tech be seat behind a large panel of gauge , light and switch . his foot be propped up on another chair and he 's lean backwards in he chair read copy of newstime . several supervisors walk past the glass booth and one knock to get he attention . supervisor ( through the glass ) do not fall asleep in there , Thomas . tech nod he head in acknowledgment and go back to he read . supervisor # 1 ( to supervisor # 2 ) he be such a bookworm . camera pan behind he and we see the playboy hide behind the newstime . a siren start to wail . on the panel , light flare on and off . tech drop the magazine . he pull two massive book from underneath the desk and flop they open review procedure . the supervisors burst in immediately take position on the board and make phone call . supervisor # 1 what the hell happen ?! tech we have a core breach in sector seventeen , five , sixty -six , seventy - five and forty - three . supervisor # 2 barrier fifteen will reach maximum potential in three minute . Reserve shield be in place . supervisor # 3 ( holding a telephone ) it 's damage Control . they want to know can you contain it ? extremely long beat . supervisor # 1 sound them off . CUT to : ext . suicide slum - after midnight suicide slum metropolis ' only ghetto and bigger than some town . the building be run down tenement with bar window . the car be old and decrepit with exception if the occasional gangsta ride that people cross the street to avoid . unless you can protect yourself , you do not walk here at night . on a corner , dozen of youth be hang out when the siren begin to wail . they echo through the night like air raid siren from World War ii . one by one , everything stop . Cars stop move . Music stop play . people stop talk . people sleep wake and look out they window to see the commotion . everyone already outside walk to the center of the street where they can get a clear view of the nuclear power plant visible in the distance at the edge of the slum . CUT to : int . clark kenta apartment clark , shirtless and in sweatpant , be sleep alone . in the back of he head , he can hear muffle voice . his eye flutter beneath he close lid until the voice become clear : voice ( os ) -- have rupture and reach threaten level in the suicide slum borough of metropolis - clark shoot upright and dart into the live room where the camera center in on a television tune to metropolis ' 24 hour news network wgb . the volume be almost inaudible make the anchor appear to be move she lip without sound . as the camera pan back out , clark 's pajamas be on the floor where he be stand . in the background there be a open window with curtain wave from the night air . CUT to : ext . suicice slum - night panic in the street as people try to evacuate the area . Cars be gridlock and the monorail overrun as people force themselves inside press the already overcrowded car tighter . a small riot have break out with people looting while other be try to escape the slum . in a blur , superman pass overhead straight for the power plant . people stop in they track behave themselves remind there will be consequence for they action . int . power plant employee be flee when superman fly through the open door and over the evacuee . he hit the corner at top speed make virtual 90 degree turn . int . core monioring station superman appear in a room full of harry men in radiation containment suit try unsuccessfully to control the problem . superman gentlemen ... supervisor # 3 thank God , you be here , superman . we have lose control of the fail - safe and the core be rupture . we will reach a red zone in less than ten minute . superman what do you need I to do ? supervisor # 1 the core function with uranium 238 rod surround with water -- superman -- creating steam which power turbine create the electricity . ( beat ) I really have not get time for the science lesson . supervisor # 1 ( stun ) the containment system and backup system have go off-line . superman how old be this plant ? supervisor # 1 it be build in 1984 . superman then I assume you be use barium and lead shield to contain the radiation ? supervisor # 1 yes . if you can manually force the fail - safe shield back into place we can control the rupture from here . if not , radioactive steam force the chamber to depressurize and there be go to be a lot of dead people in this city . superman not tonight . ( leave ) yell when the shield be in place . I will be list for you . int . nuclear core superman enter the core and begin to push the shield into place . int . core monitoring station the man be watch he progress on a series of monitor . one of the graphic represent a shield slide into place . supervisor # 3 he 's do it ! supervisor # 1 this be amazing ! nobody can survive that much radiation ! supervisor # 3 come on . come on . a few more light go positive on the monitor and one get halfway into place and stop . supervisor # 2 what happen ? supervisor # 1 maybe the radiation get to he ? supervisor # 2 no . the computer must be malfunction from the heat . supervisor # 3 that 's not possible . supervisor # 3 panic and hit the panel and nothing change . there be a long silence and nothing . suddenly the monitor show the panel be sly into place . the man cheer . the computer return to its normal mode . the disaster avert . CUT to : ext . suicide slum STREET - night the siren stop and people begin to cheer and shout superman 's name and praise . CUT to : int . nuclear core entrance the three men rush to the entrance and two of they pull the vault - like door open as a figure step from the core . supervisor thank God , superm - supervisor stop in mid-sentence . the figure step into the light and it 's metallo . in he arm be superman . his face pale and body limp . his uniform be darken and tatter . fade to black : various telecast there be a slow fade in from black with voice become clear before the image . the follow series of telecast blend into each other between scene of they be watch by people worldwide . anchor # 1 ... conflict report from around the globe ... a couple watch tv in the morning . the wife stop in the middle of make breakfast to listen . anchor # 2 ... of a near-nuclear meltdown in metropolis ... crowd of people gather in a airport around a television . anchor # 3 ... at 3 be this morning ... inmate at blackgate maximum Security prison be quiet in the cafeteria ... anchor # 4 ... source be unable to clarify the cause of the accident ... Generals gather at the Pentagon watch of massive screen . astronaut in the space shuttle listen . anchor # 5 ... but what be know at this time be superman appear ... a young red-haire woman with glass in a wheelchair behind a several dozen computer monitor in a state - of - the- art information center . anchor # 6 ... and attempt to shut down the reactor ... Children watch television in classroom . anchor # 7 ... other detail be sketchy ... angela chen and the other member of the wgb television station . anchor # 8 ... some state superman be unable to contain the leakage ... guard and doctor at arkham asylum . anchor # 9 ... and be assist by metallo , another hero who appear in metropolis several week ago ... metropolis mayor frank berkowicz and deputy mayor michael WALKER . anchor # 1 ... and have since build a very loyal follow ... perry white and other member of the DAILY planet listen . anchor # 11 ... among this rumor be metallo rescue a fall superman from the destructive core ... lex luthor in he bedroom with a marvelous view of the city . in the bed be one of he various bimbos filing she nail while luthor concentrate on the telecast from wall of television which combine make a single image . anchor # 12 ... and another disturbing piece , that we would like to stress have not be confirm or deny be ... ma and PA kent hold each other 's hand , each fill with dread . anchor # 13 ... superman be dead . slow fade to black and then SNAP to : int . STAR lab professor emil hamilton be barely awake . he 's be work non-stop and it 's take its toll on he . in the background be a ekg machine with a extremely slow heartbeat . the pattern skip a beat and catch the next one . the pattern quicken and become irregular . hamilton look up . he grab the telephone . CUT to : wgb newscast anchor # 14 ( listen to he earpiece ) ... wait , wait . this just in . superman be alive ! I repeat , superman be alive ! report of he death have be exaggerated . superman be alive ! CUT to : various shot people in the previous scene rejoice , as do people worldwide ... except luthor who fume while he can hear he employee cheer in the hall . CUT to : int . STAR lab superman sit upright and peel the monitoring tabs from he body . hamilton rush to he side . superman ( very weak ) how do I get here ? hamilton they take you to the hospital and break six needle try to get a blood sample . they give up and bring you to I . superman be the people safe ? hamilton everyone be fine . metallo shut the reactor down and save you . superman give he a look of surprise and disgust that he fail at the same time . superman I have to get out of here . hamilton superman , you be very weak . I would like to run some more test . superman I be sorry , Professor , but I have not get time for that . superman stagger across the room and exit . people stare as he exit the elevator , a shadow of he former self , and exit the front door . ext . STAR lab - day superman move across the pavement , lift he hand in the air and gently rise into the sky . his movement be concentrate and not fluid . he be like someone sick try to accomplish basic task . CUT to : int . smallville , kansas - lana lang home lana be watch the news with she foot curl beneath she and clutching a pillow . a tap at the balcony window startles she . outside be superman , hover in the air . he look much better than he do earlier . lana toss balcony window open and leap out into superman 's arm with no concern for she safety . he hold she thirty foot above the grassy lawn . lana they say you be dead . superman I be not . gently he float to the balcony and carry she inside . superman lana , may I stay here with you for awhile ? lana sure , Clark . be everything all right ? superman I just need some time away . lana I be so glad you come . CUT to : mayoral telecast member of the press be gather . deputy mayor michael WALKER step up to the podium . WALKER lady and gentleman , mayor Frank berkowicz . mayor frank berkowicz take he place . berkowicz I appreciate you come on such short notice . I will try to make this brief . this be the fact : this morning , there be a unidentified malfunction at the shuster nuclear facility . attempt to stop a possible meltdown , superman be render unconscious . the state of he condition be not know then and be still unclear . metallo rescue superman from the nuclear core of the facility and possible death . ( beat ) for that we be all grateful . at this time I would like to extend my personal gratitude , as well as that of the great city of metropolis , to metallo , for averting disaster and save we friend . double door in the back of the conference room swing open and metallo stride down the aisle to the podium . cameras barrage he with flash . he shake the mayor 's hand and step behind the podium for a few word . CUT to : int . lana lang be home ( smallville KS ) clark and lana be sit on the sofa watch the broadcast . clark be dress in he normal clothes san glass . clark I feel so ... incompetent . lana maybe you should stay here ... with I . the telephone ring and lana answer it . lana ( on phone ) hello . yes , I be watch it just now . she mouth " it 's you mother , " to clark . he motion not to let she know he 's there . lana ( on phone ) sure , Mrs Kent . I do not know either . well , you know I will . okay , give Mr Kent my best . bye . ( hang up phone ) arrggghhhh ! I hate lie to you mother . I feel so guilty . clark she know what happen . if she know I be here she 's not go to want I to go back . lana ( disappointed ) so I guess this mean you be not stay ? CUT to : news broadcast " action comment featuring superman " close on angela chen , the host . angela welcome to a special edition of action comment . I be you host , Angela chen . with the near-disaster that take place several day ago , a debate have emerge regard metropolis ' questionable power source . we special guest for the hour be metropolis ' other favorite son , millionaire industrialist lex luthor . the camera snap to a two shot put a insulted luthor in the frame . luthor billionaire . angela ( embarrass ) oh , I be sorry . luthor a common error . angela I would like to give a special thanks to mister luthor who not only agree to this interview , but also permit we to telecast from one of he soundstage in the lexcorp building . luthor I would have be happy to join you downtown but in light of recent ( ah-hem ) incident , one can never be too careful . angela it 's we pleasure , mister luthor . ( beat ) now it 's you opinion this whole incident could have be avoid . luthor several month ago my engineer at lexcorp develop a revolutionary energy source . this source be able to produce the same result as a nuclear facility without the ugly side effect the citizen of metropolis come so close to experience first hand . angela without the chance of a hazardous leak ? luthor none whatsoever . we energy source be devise by split atomic particle and then harness that energy . angela nevertheless , if you have eliminate the radioactive side effect , then you be not split uranium or any other radioactive element . luthor precisely . angela then what be you split ? luthor now Angela , if I have a dime for every time someone ask I how I do something I would be a millionaire . angela but you be a billionaire . luthor you catch on quick . angela ( reaching to the side and get a report ) this be a report from the metropolis Energy Commission in which they review you proposal . they object to you not allow the energy source to be test by a outside safety committee or revealing the source of the energy . luthor Angela , you do not look into the face of God and ask he how he make air . you should just be glad it 's there . ( beat ) let it be know there be only two people on that panel that oppose I and refuse to move into the twenty first century . angela then there be a issue of price . this energy would cost the citizen of metropolis three time what they be currently be charge . do you think this be fair ? luthor thing cost money . power plant cost money . Research cost money . Skilled employees cost money . you child 's safety cost money . people will say it 's a lot of money but I can guarantee the people at Love Canal , Three mile Island and Chernobyl wish they have that option . in fact , I bet there be people in suicide slum tonight that would pay for that option . angela but be not you afraid people will look at this as a case of the rich get richer ? do not you have a duty as a human be to - luthor I want the best for my city , miss chen . I be a business man , let Simon carr and Ted kord be philanthropist and humanitarian . I have always think metropolis be on the forefront of technology and many of that advancement come from lexcorp . they do not call metropolis " America 's City " for nothing . we be not the standard and never should accept that position . we be the example and if my beloved city refuse to look at the future because of a few extra penny , then I think it 's a sad day in metropolis . how many more meltdown do we have to incur before we realize safety be we responsibility and not that of some stranger in he underwear . angela whoa ! that almost sound like a attack on superman . luthor let I just thank God for metallo because without he there would be a few hundred thousand dead people mayor berkowicz would have to account for . angela well , in a opinion poll take this afternoon , citizen be ask who they would depend on in a crisis and a overwhelming eighty - two percent still say they would side with superman . I think it may be a little premat -- S m a S h! the image , reveal to be on a television , die . Inside the crack screen be a empty liquor bottle . metallo ( os ) what the hell ?! metallo be on a huge sofa with five scantily clad bimbos try to caress a piece of he . the furnishings in the massive room reek of money . the wall - size window overlook the nightlit city . along the floor be liquor bottle and empty plate where metallo have be treat like a king . his demeanor be 180 degree different than what it be earlier . he be loud , thuggish and belligerent . bimbo # 1 oh John , what do you have to go and do that for ? that 's the third set this week . metallo I can not stand this crap ! everywhere I go it 's superman save I and superman you be my hero ! how many people do I have to save ?! how much of this do I have to put up with ?! bimbo # 1 can be hear in the background order a new television . bimbo # 2 I do not know what that chen girl like but I think you be so much sexier than superman . cape be so out this year . besides , everybody know nice boy finish last , and more importantly , be so bo-r . bimbo # 3 come on , John . let 's go in the back and we can take you mind of thing . she nuzzle he neck . bimbo # 2 start unbuttone he shirt and kissing he chest . it make he uncomfortable . bimbo # 3 do not that feel good ? metallo no ! he buck they both onto the floor . metallo it do not feel like anything ! I can not feel anything ! I can not smell anything ! ( he kick a plate of food across the floor ) I can not taste anything ! and I be sick of be second to that blue idiot ! I be just a shell of a man and I get nothing ! ( Long beat ) I and luthor gotta have a talk . metallo stand up and bimbo # 4 hang on he . bimbo # 4 do not go anywhere , johnny baby . stay here with we . pick bimbo # 4 up with one hand and toss she through the air onto a sofa . metallo storm from the room . the bimbos all get very serious . they be not as dumb as the pretend and they real purpose be keep metallo docile . bimbo # 5 pick up the telephone . bimbo # 5 Security ? he 's out . CUT to : int . lexcorp television studio luthor and angela chen be go to commercial . angela -- after this message . director ( os ) and we be off . seventy second people . make - up people rush the two and touch up the make - up . luthor 's cell phone ring . he motion the make - up people away and answer it . luthor yes . how long ago ? very well . ( dial another number ) mercy , he 's on he way . maneuver six . CUT to : int . behind the camera mercy grave be stand to the side watch the broadcast . mercy ( into a cufflink microphone ) yes , mister luthor . she leave the room . CUT to : int . hallway four security guard scramble through the hall to meet metallo . the elevator door open revealing the hulk metallo . security # 1 ( to metallo ) Sir , I be go to have to ask - metallo lift he and throw he through the AIR . he hit the floor and slide into a wall . he grab another and lift he over he head knock ceiling tile down with he foot as he turn and drop he . he take another and push he into a wall dent the plaster rendering he unconscious . his limp body hang in the break plaster for a few second and drop . the last guard draw he gun and fire into metallo 's back . metallo turn . the guard fire repeatedly . metallo be that the best luthor 's get ? metallo push he aside and he slide across the tile and stop at the foot of mercy grave . metallo walk over the body to pass mercy . she raise she hand for he to halt . his hulk mass make she look even smaller than she be . there be fury in metallo 's eye and no fear in mercy 's . mercy calmly reach into she pocket , retrieve a small remote control with one button . metallo you gotta be shittin ' I . she show it to metallo , and then press the button . metallo let out a quick scream and be silence . he double over and drop to he knee in excruciate pain . luthor 's voice be hear through she earpiece . luthor ( vo ) mercy , be we guest under control ? mercy yes , mister luthor . luthor ( vo ) good . prepare he for company . I will be up in a minute . CUT to : int . lexcorp penthouse - metallo' quarter metallo be seat in a large metal chair with thick , modify manacle on he wrist and ankle . he 's immobile except from the neck up . his face strain as he try to break free . the door be toss open and luthor saunter to the bar and make himself a drink . luthor John corben . I have to say I think we work relationship up to this point have be quite complimentary . you really must learn how to behave when you be a guest in someone 's home . metallo what have you do to I , luthor ? luthor the same thing I do to everyone . ( facing he ) I control you . ( beat ) of course with you , it be not something as easy as slush fund or threaten you family . you be special . I have to have equipment build , satellite to monitor you etcetera etcetera etcetera . luthor walk over and tap the manacle with a new sterling silver pen . luthor you do not think I be go to spend a few billion dollar to make you the most powerful thug on Earth just to watch you walk away when you get bored , do you ? it 's all plan , my boy . that 's why I be who I be and you be ... ( beat ) well , why you be stick in that ridiculous chair . metallo nobody treat John corben like a chump . luthor pay attention you idiot , I be treat you like a chump because , I do not know if you notice or not , you be the chump . without I , you be nothing . metallo without you , I would still be man ! I can not feel anything ! the heat , the cold , nothing ! I can not smell ! I can not taste ! everything sound funny . nothing look right . I can not stand this ! you have make I into some kind of freak ! luthor ( furious ) I save you life ! if I have not invest in you , you would be a two - bit dead assassin and petty thief . luthor turn to leave . metallo this be not over , luthor . luthor ( furious ) be that a threat ? metallo why do not you call one of you lawyer and have they figure it out ? luthor better yet , why do not I call my technician and have they take you apart one piece at a time ? ( beat ) bitch bitch bitch . moan moan moan . you be alive and as jarring as it may be , it still beat the hell out of the alternative ... ( beat ) ... which be still a option . no answer . luthor John corben , you be alive because I want you that way and when or if I decide otherwise , there be nothing on this planet than can save you . be that clear ? metallo ( reluctantly ) yes . luthor excellent . now I will let you go if you promise to behave and cooperate as agree . metallo nod . luthor have the remote mercy have earlier and switch he " on . " metallo stand and break free of the manacle that drop to the floor with a metallic clang . luthor now if you will excuse I , I have business to attend to . luthor turn before exite . luthor and John , you may be a shell of you former self and you may be my pawn ... ( beat ) ... but at least you have you health . luthor leave . metallo , furious , pick up the metal chair and tear it in half . fade to black : int . metallo' penthouse time lapse : metallo pace the room ponder he situation . metallo exit . CUT to : int . hallway metallo walk the hall with a mission . people cross to get out of he way . CUT to : int . lexcorp communications CENTER the door slide open and metallo enter . the room be cover with wall - to- wall state - of - the - art technology . there be several tech wander about man they station . one see metallo and approach he . tech # 1 Sir , this area be authorize personnel only . ( recognize he ) you be metallo . metallo ( polite ) yes , I be . tech # 1 I do not know you be in the building . metallo I be a guest of mister luthor . tech # 1 well it sure be pleasure to meet you , sir . I see what you do with the chemical fire on the East side . my brother life there and it 's appreciate . metallo no problem . I be bored so I have be wander the building . I just want to look around . be that okay ? tech # 1 sure . we be not accustom to have guest but I can give you the nickel tour . metallo what be all this ? tech # 1 this be the communication Center for lexcorp . from here we keep in contact with the affiliate in Atlanta , New York , Tokyo , Coast City , Sydney , London and another three dozen city worldwide . mister luthor can control information from he own private network as well as the sixty - eight satellite he have in orbit around the planet and on reconnaissance mission through space . metallo pretty impressive . tech # 1 state-of - the-art . when NASA and norad upgrade they come to mister luthor . there be not another system close to this on Earth . metallo I guess all this be pretty expensive . tech # 2 most of it be prototype . some of it design by mister luthor himself and only he know the specs . ( whisper ) he 's something of a paranoid and do not like to depend on other for design . ( beat ) most of it be irreplaceable . metallo good . metallo push a tech out of the way , rip a 25 " monitor from the wall and lift it over he head shower he in spark . all the tech scramble for safety . metallo Excuse I . some tech in he way run for cover . metallo throw the monitor and destroy a panel of computer bank . tech # 2 somebody call mister luthor ! he begin to trash the room rip component from the wall and flipping work station over . fire flare and component explode . a tech , cower behind some equipment , reach out and press a button . CUT to : int . lexcorp security a siren wail accompany by flashing red light . security men scramble for the communication CENTER . int . hallway the security team pass several intersect hallway . mercy grave come out of one and join they . metallo round a corner to find mercy and she man wait for he . she be in the forefront . the team be kneel with rifle . mercy be hold out he remote . he pause . she press the button . metallo be still stand . she press the button again . nothing . a look of fear sweep over she face as metallo gently take the box from she hand and crush it in he fist . mercy ( quiet ) shit . he lift mercy and toss she . the security team open fire riddling metallo with bullet . metallo charge they . SNAP CUT to : int . luthor' penthouse luthor be in bed with another anonymous bimbo when the videophone ring . annoy , he sit and answer it . luthor what ? security mister luthor , there 's be a problem . luthor what kind of problem ? security you better just come down here . CUT to : int . lexcorp lobby luthor enter what look like a battlezone . the wall be on fire and riddled with bullethole . there be a lexcorp medical team attend to the wounded . furiously , luthor look for someone to blame . security we do the best we could . we barricade the exit to contain he . luthor then where be he ? security guard point off camera and luthor turn as the camera pan revealing a door-size hole in the wall . CUT to : ext . jumper bridge - night jumper bridge be the entrance to suicide slum . metallo walk across the desolate bridge , occasionally be pass by vehicle . ext . suicide slum MAIN STREET - night despite the hour , there be people , drug dealer , gang and hooker wander the street . he walk into the center of the main strip . traffic stop around he and come screeching to a halt . horn start to blare and people become irate that he refuse to move . a crowd start to gather . a car screech to a halt barely miss he . driver what the hell be you problem ?! metallo reach under the front end of the car and flip it over landing it on its top . people be too frighten to move but the noise stop . his voice , which start as a low roar and escalate without effort . metallo ( bellow and building ) get out ! CUT to : ext . smallville general market ( 6am ) clark be get grocery . the market owner , metcalf , spot clark behind the shelf . metcalf Clark ? be that Clark Kent ? clark hi , mister metcalf . excitedly , he come around the counter and shake he hand . mercalf I do not think I have see you since you go off to the big city to be reporter . clark that 's not true . you see I last Christmas . metcalf then it just feel like forever . you know , I bet we be the only store in all of Kansas that get the Daily Planet send in everyday . grant , it get here two day late but it 's the effort that count . clark I appreciate that . metcalf where be you folk ? clark they be probably at home . they do not know I be here . it 's kind of a surprise . clark hand he some money and metcalf give he change . metcalf I get it . mum the word . you take care . clark I will . ext . general store - dawn clark exit and lana be in she truck listen to the radio , sing and tapping the steering wheel like drum . he get in the passenger side . CUT to : ext . approaching lana' house - morning on the radio be sonny & cher . lana be sing along . clark much more shy . lana ( sing ) ... before it 's earn we money 's all be spend . ( to clark ) come on , Clark . ( coach ) " put you little hand in mine . " clark ( sing badly ) put you little hand in mine . ai not no hill or mountain , we can not climb . clark & lana ( sing ) Babe , I get you , babe . I get you , babe . clark ( loosen up ) I get you , babe . lana ( sing ) I get you , babe . clark if you have get I , who 's get you ? lana laugh . lana ( sing ) I get you , babe . the car pull into she driveway . clark carry the grocery inside as lana be still hum the song . CUT to : int . lana' kitchen clark put the grocery up while lana turn on the television . her hum stop . without be call , clark come out of the kitchen . on the television be a live broadcast of metropolis where a city block have be devastate . behind the reporter be barricade and what look like hundred of police in riot gear swarm into the area . in the center of it all be metallo . reporter ( vo ) ... do not understand . we be a safe distance but that 's uncertain since metallo have be see to toss various debris , some the size of car , several block ... lana change the channel and the same scene be show from a helicopter Pov . reporter ( vo ) ... just tuning in , metallo , who only day ago prevent a meltdown and save hundred of thousand of life in metropolis ' suicide slum , come in this morning and order , repeat order , it 's citizen to evacuate as he then take over the fifteen square mile project ... she change the channel again . reporter ( vo ) ... declare suicide slum he property and say , and we quote , " whoever want it can come and get it , " and then force its inhabitant out of they home ... another channel . reporter ( vo ) ... luckily , most of the people in the area have not return since the nuclear scare day ago ... another channel . reporter ( vo ) ... berkowicz have call in the metropolis special crime unit and be in contact with the Governor request National Guard assistance in the absence of superman ... the camera be close on clark 's stunne face and then pan forward revealing lana look at he . clark I have to go . lana why do it always have to be you , Clark ? clark because I be the only one who can . clark lean in , lana close she eye and he give she a long passionate kiss . while she eye be close , there be a burst of wind through the house that rattles the wall . she open she eye to see picture shifting on they nail and the front door flung wide open flap on its hinge . she run to the front lawn and look skyward and he 's go . clark 's Pov : on she lawn , she look tiny . lana ( shout ) be careful , clark ! CUT to : int . lexcorp communications CENTER the center be in shamble after the metallo incident . luthor enter and a tech be immediately at he side . luthor damage report . tech metallo destroy the majority of the communication nerve center . we have lose contact with seventy - two percent of we affiliate . luthor why be not he shut down ? tech he manage to destroy enough hardware include we link to lexsat eight , six , fifty - one , forty - seven , five , fifteen and ninety - one include the - luthor -- Satellite that monitor activity in metropolis . he break he leash . ( beat ) I need this online now . tech there 's a space shuttle prepare for launch from a site in corto maltese to regrid the satellite signal to operate station . they should be ready in fifteen minute . NASA have be try to block it as a unauthorize launch . luthor NASA can go to hell . tech fifty percent of the hardware should be back online within five hour . luthor if that 's you best , you best will not do . tech Sir , we have already double we staff . luthor ( angry ) metallo be tear up a city block and every cop in the state be about to take a shot at he . I be not about to have my investment take out by a bunch of grunt with cheap metal badge ! either this system be online within the hour or you answer to I ! luthor walk away . tech we will triple we effort , sir . CUT to : ext . suicide slum STREET - dawn concrete chunks have be tear out of the street . Cars be over turn on they side and on fire along with various other debris . hole have be punch through building leave they inside visible from the street . scatter along the street be the body of fall police officer and citizen who get in the way . among it all be metallo . barely wear and in a frenzy . int . subway beneath suicide slum people crush into the subway try to escape the escalate damage above they . Fighting they way through the mass of people be lois lane with jimmy olsen in tow . they be the only people fight to get in suicide slum . lois come on , Jimmy ! jimmy I do not think this be a good idea , miss Lane . lois Front seat at the fight of the century be always a good idea ! jimmy but nobody 's see superman in day . lois what do that have to do with anything ? jimmy if nobody 's see superman then who 's gonna save we if something go wrong ? lois what be you talk about ? superman do not always save we . jimmy yes , he do . especially you . lois pause . she 's never consider that . lois let 's go . they force they way through the mass . ext . streetside lois and jimmy emerge onto the street and find themselves in the middle of a firefight . lois duck while jimmy 's start click away . the metropolis special crime unit ( scu ) arrive . six humvee - like riot vehicle roll onto the site . they have thick armor plate that extend the length of the vehicle attach they side with hydraulic arm . Three barricade one side of the block and the other three the oppose side . the hydraulic arm lower the armored plate to the ground with a thud . a back door drop open form a ramp and simultaneously scu troopers hustle from the transport and take cover behind the plate . the troopers be dress in swat / military black uniform with a large white " scu " insignia and various technical modification ( radio , helmet , goggle ) . lead they be scu Commander captain maggie sawyer along with dan turpin ( she second in command ) . they be also dress in black fatigue . sawyer have short brown hair and a lack of femininity . turpin be a gruff , seasoned veteran of the force in he late 40s . trooper # 1 ( to sawyer over the noise ) Sir , ground force be in place and air support be stand by ! sawyer Drop them ! overhead , black metropolis scu helicopter fly overhead and hover above the tenement as scu troopers repel to the rooftop . with they weapon strapped to they back , they scurry into position overlook the street . trooper # 1 the eye in the sky be armed and ready , sir ! sawyer ( in megaphone ) metallo ! you be surround ! throw down you weapon and step into the open ! metallo look around he and hold he arm out . metallo you see any weapon ?! turpin Jesus , he do all that by himself ? sawyer ( to metallo ) surrender , metallo ! you do not have a chance ! metallo then come and get I . sawyer ( to metallo ) this be you last chance ! I be count to three ! ( beat ) one ! ( beat ) two ! metallo pick up a motorcycle and hurl it through the air at sawyer . turpin incoming ! troopers scatter for they life . the cycle crash into a riot vehicle and explode . metallo ( to himself ) Three . sawyer ( in radio ) ground troops ! OPEN FIRE ! troopers pop up from behind they cover and begin a nonstop barrage of bullet fire that do not phase he . he start smile . turpin he be not droppin' . several grenade be throw and explode around he . he catch one and it explode in he fist . metallo walk to the barricade . troopers fire furiously at he as he grab one and lift he over the four foot barricade , toss the trooper into the middle of the street . metallo push the barricade over and several troopers run but one be catch under its fall weight . FIRE trooper come with a flame thrower . FIRE trooper clear ! metallo turn as the fire blast engulf he . the sixty foot blast make visibility almost zero . metallo appear through the flame and crimp the flame thrower nozzle cause the fire to draw inside . the fuel tank on FIRE trooper 's back explode , kill he . when metallo emerge from the fire he flesh be burn but be cause he no pain . part of it do not even look attach to he face . turpin maggie we be get we butt hand to we ! sawyer ( in radio ) all unit ! exercise deadly physical force at you own discretion ! I repeat : take this punk down ! weapon erupt from all direction . metallo pick up a rifle and start shoot troooper . when he clip be empty , he start toss men with reckless abandon . rooftop sniper , frustrated , toss they gun to the side and open they rocket launchers . rocket whistle through the air explode near metallo knock he off balance . when he fall , the troopers be give hope and suddenly what seem like dozen of rocket be explode around he . a rocket zoom directly at the back of he head and he turn and catch it . the end be hot and there 's a long exhaust trail . he hold it over he head and scream . the exhaust flame stop . metallo hurl the rocket back to the rooftop it come from and it explode at the top of the building front cause it to break off . huge chunks of concrete . troopers at the building edge fall several storey to they death . lois and jimmy be hide and take picture when jimmy be hit with a stray bullet . he hit a wall and be knock unconscious . lois jimmy ! frantically , lois try to wake he but can not . she call out on she cell phone . CUT to : int . DAILY planet perry white be huddle around a television watch the destruction . a phone ring and ron troupe answer it . ron hello ? ( to perry ) perry , you have a call . perry what ! ron , I get the biggest story of the year here . tell my wife I will call she back . ron it 's not you wife . CUT to : ext . suicide slum - day sawyer get a transmission on she radio . sawyer sawyer . ( beat ) what ? you gotta be kiddin ' I ! ( to turpin ) Dan , we get a problem . there be civilian trap in the area . turpin this ten block be suppose to be evacuate . who the hell 's here ? sawyer lois Lane and some kid from the Planet . turpin oh , for Pete 's sake . trooper she be not even worth save . she figure a way in here , she can figure a way out . sawyer we have to get she . trooper # 1 Captain , that thing out there have already kill a half - dozen man and you want we to risk we life for a reporter who can not follow direction ? sawyer ( into radio ) if there be any sniper available , we have civilian in the area and need a visual . ( to trooper # 1 ) she 's come out with we . trooper # 1 I be not go in there . sawyer what ? sniper ( vo ) ( on radio ) there be a woman and a boy about three hundred yard in from the East side . the boy be unconscious . turpin no problem . I will go . turpin get he gear . turpin ( to trooper ) it 's my job . sawyer ( on radio ) rescue underway . I need as much distraction as possible . troopers pop up and start fire at metallo as turpin run into the block . distract , turpin find lois and jimmy . turpin lois Lane ? lois no , I be some other idiot catch in a warzone . turpin nobody like a smart ass . turpin toss jimmy across he shoulder . turpin hold this . he give lois he rifle and take he handgun out . turpin it 's like a camera . just point and click . lois nine millimeter german Glock with a modify grip . turpin give she a surprised look . lois I be a Army brat . I think I will be okay . lois take the handgun and give he he rifle back . turpin okay then , let 's go . they charge out into the open run for the barricade . turpin 's in the lead when metallo turn . lois stop and start fire . turpin make it to safety . metallo close in on lois and lift she into the air and disarm she . metallo I know you . you be that reporter from the Daily Planet . lois and here I do not think you could read . metallo oh , you be funny , too . he lower she so they be face to face . her foot be still dangle over a foot off the ground . metallo how about we dance ? lois spit in he face . lois my dance card 's full . metallo that 's gonna cost you . there be a tapping on metallo 's shoulder . superman ( os ) Excuse I . surprise , he turn . behind he be superman . superman if the lady say she do not want to dance , then she do not want to dance . superman belt metallo in the face and he drop lois to the street . metallo be first shocked and then angry . superman ( very serious ) you need to get to safety , miss Lane . this look like a job for superman . lois run to the troopers who be stand by . metallo so ... you finally decide to come out and play . metallo charge and grab superman . superman spin and use he own momentum toss metallo across the street into a wall . metallo push himself out leave a indentation . superman do I look like I be play ? metallo Fine . it 's about time this get interesting . metallo rip a lightpole from the pavement and swing at superman 's whose irise turn from blue to red and a thin beam of light sear the end of the pole off . it fall to the ground with a thud . metallo jab the shorten pole at superman and hit he in the stomach double he over . superman , angry , straighten and grab metallo and begin punch he about the face . he lift he over he head and throw he through a building leave a gape hole . in the background , the scu unit cheer . only superman hear the punch through brick in the distance . he turn and with he telescopic vision he zoom in on the building corner and again until he see where a arm be extend through the brick wall . the fist start to move horizontally very quickly tear brick from the building . the building begin to creak as the front , without lower support , start to shift . the build side collapse on superman expose the interior of the tenement . Cloud of dust be throw into the air . the scu unit take cover cough . superman be bury beneath the rubble . the dust clear and metallo step from inside over the rubble . he leer at the scu unit . metallo who 's next ? a hum that sound like massive drilling noise erupt from beneath the pavement . superman burst upward in a whirlwind of motion send brick and rubble airborne . he pick metallo up with one hand on he shoulder , the other on he leg and lift he over he head and slam he to the ground . metallo get up and charge superman tackle he to the ground , through the pavement and into the sewer . int . sewer waist high in water , metallo stand . superman , hover above the water , blow with he freezing breath turn the sewer water to ice with the moisture on the wall . superman begin to look visibly weak . metallo laugh . metallo be that the best you get ? it 's start to get to you . you can not beat I . you be a dead man and you do not even know it . metallo punch and shatter the ice freeing himself . superman fly upward out of the sewer . metallo climb out after he . CUT to : int . STAR lab professor emil hamilton be processing data of a computer . in the background be several monitor tune to broadcast of the battle . the computer stop and hamilton have he answer . he print the result , grab he coat and cell phone and rush out the door . CUT to : ext . suicide slum maggie sawyer be on she radio . sawyer ( on radio ) be you sure ? yes , sir . ( to turpin ) Dan , Federal emergency management want we to get superman out of there and evacuate the area . turpin what ?! sawyer you hear I . hamilton at STAR say if we do not get he out of there in the next five minute he will be dead . turpin but why be we leave ? sawyer we have order to get he and rendezvous with hamilton at swan and 143rd . turpin dandy . so who 's go to go in there and get he ? in the background , superman be get the hell beat out of he . superman move from metallo 's path and fire he heat vision at he . metallo block the beam with he hand cause it to burn bright red . his hand start to smoke and he " skin " burn off . the flame die expose metallo 's forearm and hand as a highly advanced metal skeleton hand with gear and joint . various part of he have be exposed revealing a mechanical robot interior . metallo let 's get this over with and call it a day . metallo open he tatter shirt expose he metallic chest . a series of layer open and superman be bask in a bright green light . Inside metallo 's chest cavity be a jag softball - size chunk of kryptonite , superman 's only weakness . the kryptonite be surround by small solar cell absorb it 's energy and power metallo . metallo a lot of loser have try to kill you but in the end I be the only guy with the stone to do it . ( beat ) how do it feel to be the man of yesterday ? a horn blare . metallo turn to get hit by a scu riot vehicle and push into building pin he . a second riot vehicle drive over superman . int . riot vehicle Inside , sawyer and turpin open a hatch in the floor while troopers stand by with point rifle . they pull superman up through the hatch and turpin slam it shut . sawyer let 's move . the vehicle speed off . in the background , metallo can be see push the other riot vehicle on its side . CUT to : int . mayor' office mayor berkowicz be with he emergency council when the telephone ring . deputy mayor WALKER answer it . WALKER Sir . berkowicz I be busy . WALKER it 's the President , sir . berkowicz have brief , unintelligible conversation . berkowicz ( grief-stricken ) the President have declare metropolis a disaster area . we have be deny National Guard assistance . WALKER what be we go to do ? berkowicz he 's send someone else . newscast a anchor be report from a circle news copter . anchor it seem in a diversionary tactic , the scu have distract metallo and rescue superman who be not faring well in the battle after a metallo emitted a beam from - ( listing to a radio headset ) -- we have instruction we must evacuate the area . we will have report for you as soon as information be available . CUT to : ext . sidewalk dozen of people be stand in the street watch the newscast from a massive time square - like jumbovision . person # 1 the big one be just as strong as superman . person # 2 man , I wonder what they be gonna do next ? it start like a distant hum and quickly grow into a pattern thumping . Three apache helicopter thunder overhead speed to the battle . people in the street point overhead as the copter fly past . CUT to : int . helicopter cockpit helicopter maneuver between building . apache pilot # 1 ( scream ) I be wantin ' to do this since I be ten ! apache pilot # 2 five by five , we be in the pipe . apache pilot # 3 this be Romeo Sierra foxtrot . we have a target course of three seven nine one mark eleven twelve . target be live . Exercise be hostile . eta six minute . we have be authorize to use unnecessary physical force . CUT to : int . lexcorp communications CENTER luthor be observe the tech scramble to get the system online . luthor I do not see anything . a series of monitor come online . tech lexsat fifty - one , forty -seven , five and ninety - one be online include the metropolis unit . luthor and the metallo system ? tech we be work on it , sir . tech # 2 mister luthor , system have pick up three Apache helicopter converge on metallo . luthor eta ? tech # 2 six minute . luthor mercy . mercy step forward wear a neck brace . mercy yes , mister luthor ? luthor do we have a combat ready lexflight unit on the premise ? mercy yes , mister luthor . luthor scramble the unit and have they in the drop zone in three minute . CUT to : ext . lexcorp rooftop a large hangar- like door open and twelve silhouettes of the lexflight team be visible . control ( vo ) this be control . lexflight unit you have clearance for takeoff . lexflight # 1 Roger that . it 's a go . four man run into the light wear purple and GREEN armor ( armed with large rifle magnetically attach to they back ) . they clear the building and jets on they back and foot ignite as they lift off into the air . as the first four , another two wave follow fly past the camera station high above the lexcorp building . CUT to : ext . streetside ( swan & 143rd ) - day two riot vehicle stop at a curb where professor hamilton be wait in a STAR lab van . he immediately open the back door , drop a ramp and roll out a large metal box . the riot vehicle door drop and several troopers , sawyer , turpin and superman exit . superman be already look better than he be moment ago , although visibly irritate . superman hamilton ! there be people in danger - hamilton I know . hamilton take a map of metropolis and spread it out over the box . hamilton STAR lab have satellite that monitor environmental anomaly . there have be surge of radiation exceed acceptable level in various locale in the metropolitan area within the last few week . none last longer than fifteen or twenty minute . sawyer be you follow this , Dan ? turpin I be lose after " STAR lab have satellite . " superman ( examine the map ) there be nothing radioactive in this area . hamilton you mean , " there should be nothing radioactive in this area . " but there be . ( beat ) every area on irradiate area on this map be a location where metallo have make a appearance . metallo be not human . I be assume he 's a machine with a human brain and enough natural element to keep it function . everything else be machine power by nuclear radiation , which could be why he 's choose suicide slum to make he stand . sawyer the metropolis nuclear plant be the biggest in the northeast . hamilton normally , I doubt he would have be able to challenge superman but since he 's use radiation from kryptonite as he source , superman do not stand a chance . turpin krypto-what ? hamilton it 's a mineral with radioactive property that siphon superman 's ability . eventually he nervous system will seize and shut down he involuntary function one at a time in rapid succession . turpin in English , doc. sawyer metallo have a radioactive rock that kill superman . turpin then why do not he just say so . superman I be assume you have a plan ? hamilton flip the latch on the box and open it but the content can not be see ) I design this suit for when superman assist in deep space research . since it 's my theory that he power be derive from we sun on a solar level , the suit be design to keep he acquire energy in and foreign energy out . the suit be destructible . if metallo manage to get close enough to get you out of it he can kill you . ( beat ) be you ready ? CUT to : ext . suicide slum - day lexflight team swoops in over metallo . metallo what the hell ? the twelve land form a circle . lexflight one metallo ! you be surround - metallo ( to himself ) no shit . lexflight one surrender now and we will leave without incident . this be you last chance , metallo . nothing . lexflight one open fire . the lexflight squad open fire . they rifle shell create huge explosion , trapping metallo in the center . extreme close on metallo eye turning GREEN . CUT to : int . lexcorp communications CENTER the monitor telecast metallo destroy the lexflight team . body be hurl through the air . CUT to : ext . suicide slum - day metallo walk through the lexflight team 's waste effort and tear they out of they suit and disarm they . apache helicopter arrive . metallo pick up a fall lexflight member and tear the rifle from he back and drop he limp body . apache pilot ( vo ) ( through speaker ) metallo ! throw down you wea - metallo whatever . he fire at the helicopter and it explode . apache pilot # 2 jesus christ ! he just take scala and wahl out ! he aim the rifle at another apache . anticipate the blast they swerve and apache # 2 collide S with apache # 3 and they crash into a rooftop . metallo ( yelling at the burn apach ) anybody else want a piece of I ? come get some . extreme close on metallo 's face as he body jerk and he scream in pain and he expression go dead . camera pull back revealing a glove hand that have punch through he chest and wrap around he expose kryptonite heart tear it from he body . superman , wear a gray and white containment suit , lean over he shoulder and whisper in he ear . superman ( quietly ) if you insist . superman draw back and tear the kryptonite from he chest , hurl it several block into the river beneath jumper bridge . metallo be terrify . superman toss he and he roll along the street . metallo stand and leap over a car , catch the side of the roof with he hand and flipping it over on its side use it for cover . superman march toward the car . use he heat vision he sear off both side of the car leave metallo with little cover . his heat vision have melt the mask of he containment uniform . he tear the uniform from he body expose the familiar " S " shield and uniform . superman come out from behind the car , metallo ! metallo give I one good reason ! superman Gas tank . metallo realize he 's back himself in a corner . superman fire he heat vision pierce the fuel tank cause the car to explode . flame engulf metallo . superman reach into the flame and grab metallo and fly skyward , punch he in the face . metallo can not defend himself . he struggle until he break free and fall back to Earth . he crash through the roof of the power plant . superman land and start to walk towards the plant . the front door of the plant be kick off its hinge and stand in the doorway be metallo look very insane . superman zoom in with he telescopic vision and puncture through metallo 's chest be several uranium rod from the reactor core . metallo ( crazy ) let 's try that again . metallo and superman both let loose a ear-splitt battle cry and charge each other . they collide with the sound of thunder . metallo pick superman up and slam he into the ground repeatedly crack the pavement . superman make contact with metallo who catch he , slamm he into the pavement . metallo pick superman up and toss he across the parking lot . superman stand and be hit by a car flung at he , knock he down again . metallo pick up the daze superman and toss he into the back of a trash truck , walk around the side and throw the switch . as the compactor close , the truck rock back and forth and topple over on metallo pin he underneath . superman tear through the roof of the truck , lift the corner where metallo be pin and slam it down on he repeatedly . superman pull metallo from under the truck , stand he upright and kick he across the street into the remain of the lexflight battle . metallo grab a lexflight rifle and fire on superman . metallo 's face be fill with a wick satisfaction and perverse pleasure as he fire on superman . superman be knock down from he foot . somewhere in the background lois witness it and scream . lois no ! she try to charge past the scu to help he but be restrict . slowly , superman get to he foot . metallo fire again . superman be slowed down but do not fall . he fire again . superman keep move toward he . metallo fire in a frenzy of gunfire . his face begin to lose its look of confidence and be quickly replace with fear . a quiet mechanical voice can barely be hear come from the lexgun . lexgun ( vo ) warning . Energy ... low . a level on the lexgun show the weapon 's energy wane . blast after blast , superman will not stop until metallo squeeze the trigger and there 's nothing . lexgun ( vo ) Energy ... deplete . metallo squeeze the trigger in disbelief and it click . lexgun ( vo ) charge . metallo scream a war cry , swing the lexgun at superman clocking he square in the jaw . superman do not flinch . metallo hit he repeatedly with no effect . he swing again and superman catch he fist and they lock . metallo lift he other hand to strike he as superman 's heat vision create a wide beam that metallo 's fist cross and incinerate up to the elbow . shocked , metallo stare at what use to be he arm . superman tear he other arm , still grip the lexgun , off at the shoulder and strike he across the face repeatedly . the more superman hit he , the more metallo 's lose he artificial skin revealing the chrome metal cyborg beneath it . furious , superman appear to be lose control with the madman . lexgun ( vo ) charge complete . Energy level at maximum . they both look at the gun and superman point it ( with metallo 's arm still attach ) and fire blast he through the air , drop he char smoking carcass to the ground . his body be a complex chrome robot with a transparent shield in the skull show a human brain . superman stop . metallo 's eye , a bright luminescent green , fade to black . superman be out of breath and wobble away from the chrome cyborg leave among the rubble . CUT to : int . lexcorp communication CENTER luthor be stand proud among the nervous tech . the monitor be all light and the system be operational . luthor timing be everything . CUT to : ext . suicide slum - day hamilton , sawyer and turpin to come superman 's aid . superman ( remorseful ) I murder he . turpin he be gonna do you in . hamilton check the cyborg with some equipment . hamilton he 's still alive . I be detect brain wave . his mechanical body be not function but he brain be operate . you do not kill he . turpin ( to superman ) you hear that ? you break he . sawyer get a call on she radio . sawyer ( to superman ) superman , the mayor want to speak to you . CUT to : ext . lexcorp - day mayor berkowicz be wait in he car . superman land carry a empty lexflight suit . neither say a word as they enter the building . int . lexcorp security see they come . security Sir , I be sorry there be no - superman , he clothes tear and he beat , give a look . the guard back down . they get into the elevator . int . luthor' office superman and the mayor exit the elevator and pass a secretary on the telephone . secretary I be sorry you honor , mister luthor be not - they walk past she and superman throw the massive door open . Inside , luthor be seat behind he giant desk in a virtually empty room . luthor I believe the girl outside say I be not in . berkowicz ( angry ) you have go too far this time , lex . there be six dead pilot and I do not even know how many other wounded because of you . luthor well Frank , I be sorry . berkowicz sorry ? berkowicz charge luthor and superman stop he . berkowicz tell they family you be sorry ! that man would not be dead if you incompetent man do not hand metallo that weapon ! for Christ 's sake , lex , you give he a gun . luthor what can I say ? ( look directly at superman ) I underestimate my enemy . berkowicz Mark my word , lex : you be not go to get away with this . I swear you will see justice or - luthor ( annoy ) or what ? what , Frank ? you be go to shut I down ? Sue I ? send I to jail . can not you see I be not play a game here ? I pick up the ball when you and you boy drop it and I do what need to be do ! who be go to save we , Frank ? you toy soldier ? the military ? you see what he do to they . where be you precious superman ? he have abandon you , Frank ? ask he where he be . I do what I have to to protect what be in my best interest and that be to make sure this city be under control and guarantee I be the man behind that control . ( beat ) so I make a bad call . it happen . berkowicz this be not you city , luthor . luthor what ?! I be worth one hundred and sixteen billion dollar ! I buy and sell people and they ideal the way most people order lunch ! governor , attorney , police and mayor ! everyone in this city work for I directly or indirectly whether they know it or not ! this city be metropolis because I make it metropolis . without I it 's nothing ! just another decaye urban wasteland and you know it ! you even think about crossing I I will have my lawyer wrap you in red tape from here to Kingdom come ! ( calmer ) you remember this : you be not the first mayor this city have ever have and God know you be not the first idealist . there will be another election in November and you might be sit in you quaint little office in City Hall and you might not be . I , however , know exactly where I will be sit . luthor go behind he desk and comfortably ease into he chair . luthor now gentleman , if you will excuse I , I have a empire to run . there be a very long silence . berkowicz superman ... superman yes , you honor . berkowicz under the power grant to I by the city of metropolis I be depute you . ( beat ) arrest this man . luthor have a expression few people see . shock . CUT to black : black screen voice look up . fade in image of luthor stand against a wall . luthor look up . luthor 's tie be undone and he 's fume with anger . in front of he be a plate with : " luthor , alexander L 1591418017 . " a camera flash . voice turn to the leave . luthor turn and the camera flash again . int . police station luthor be get fingerprinted . cop ( try not to laugh ) name ? cop in the background start snicker . int . holding cell luthor be place into the hold tank with the other riff raff . CUT to : ext . police station - evening luthor be meet by mercy . they exit the station swarm by reporter . lois lane be among they . CUT to : int . lexcorp - luthor' office luthor enter and get himself a drink . as he walk past the window , superman be float outside wait for he with he arm fold . luthor take a remote control from the desk and open the window . luthor I would invite you in for a drink but you do not seem like the drink type ... even though a stiff drink would probably do you some good . superman say nothing . luthor you be a pretty smart fellow so you probably know you recent failing be no fault of you own . it 's really simple : for enough money you can get anyone to sabotage a monorail or school bus and push it on some train track . then you plant you man in a the site of the predetermine disaster he avert . he smile for the camera and look fantastic . on the other hand , it do not exactly make you look like the spit and polish hero everybody love so much . the whole reason I create metallo be to falter the public 's faith in its power source . make they feel unsafe and then I would come along and sell they something safer . something more advanced . something more , how should I say , expensive and I make a few billion dollar in the process and replace you with my own " man of steel . " one that I hold the string to and take you out of my misery at the same time . absolutely brilliant . I do not know who you be or where you come from or why you be here but what I do know be I do not like to be show up my city . do not think you can come in here with you fancy pants , good look and that truth , justice , blah blah blah and that from I . I can live with the heroic and I can even live know there may be one person in metropolis I can not influence but you embarrassed I in front of my town and that will not be forget . when you number be up , I will be the one hold the ticket . that I promise you . ( beat ) now , you tell I ... be I tell the truth ? arm fold , superman 's expression be stern blankness . superman I be watch you , luthor . superman fly straight up . luthor look out the window and he 's go . when he 's go , luthor reach inside he jacket and beneath he shirt and retrieve a small pager size box . on the front be a pulsing light . he press the intercom . luthor miss teshmacher . secretary ( vo ) yes , sir ? luthor tell the boy in R and D it work . they will see my appreciation for the effort in next week 's check . secretary ( vo ) right away , mister luthor . CUT to : ext . lois ' apartment - night superman fly by she apartment window . Inside , she 's on the telephone with she sister lucy . her arm be in a sling . he notice a envelope pin under the window with he name on it . he open it and it read : thank you for saving I ... again . he smile , fold the letter neatly and take off . lois see something in the corner of she eye and run to the window . like a schoolgirl with a crush , she smile . CUT to : int . unknown computer CENTER the redhead woman see very briefly earlier be behind she computer data center . on the monitor be image of metallo / JOHN corben with report and article with CIA / interpol marking . the redhead 's face be barely see although we can tell she 's wear glass and seat in a wheelchair . she type achen@wgbsnet.com and press enter . her mail have be send . CUT to : ext . kansas countryside - dusk camera pass slowly overhead of the beautiful farmland with newscaster angela chen 's follow voice-over . angela ( vo ) this morning , source at interpol and the Central Intelligence Agency have confirm internet speculation that metallo 's true identity be that of John corben , a know mercenary and thief want worldwide for crime neither agency would elaborate on . how the human corben become the superhuman metallo , be still a mystery . mayor berkowicz have this to say : berkowicz ( vo ) it have be a difficult few day for we all . the loss of life can not be replace . we have suffer many tragedy and avoid more but today we be safe . wherever you be , thank you superman . angela ( vo ) this be Angela chen . goodnight . ext . smallville KS , kent farm - sunset jonathan and martha kent be stand in a field overlook they farm . in the distance be a incredibly vibrant sunset . in the background be they house . jonathan 's arm be around martha . clark walk up from behind they . Silent , he enjoy the view . clark ( beat ) you never get tired of this do you ? they be not startle . they be expect he . jonathan never . martha I be glad you home , Clark . clark of course , ma. it 's Sunday . clark put he arm around they . camera pan out ending on there silhouettes and the sunset and then a slow fade to black . credit roll . credit end . CUT to : after credit sequence . int . lexcorp research lab several scientist be work on various project . luthor enter and approach the lead scientist , dr weng . luthor my time be valuable , Doctor weng . weng then I will not abuse it . I think you would be interested in we progress . luthor I be always interested in progress . weng lead luthor to a glass tube fill with liquid . Inside be what 's leave of metallo be keep alive . weng since the metallo body be a prototype , we be able to salvage the main processor and reflex circuitry . the brain still function well ... surprisingly . luthor keep the equipment . that cost money . you can toss the brain . I will find another one . ( beat ) and the Police ...? weng will have the useless replica we design to replace this one and will be none the wiser . ( beat ) it still puzzle I how you manage to retrieve this one from a secure Police facility . luthor gotham have some of the best thief in the world if you can find they . pay they enough money and they can get you anything . weng we have also make great stride with the cloning . luthor what have you get . weng the last be orangutan . fully mobile and intelligent . she live for three day . seventeen hour longer than the previous one . it be quite marvelous . luthor you do fantastic work , weng . weng I be glad you be satisfied . luthor shake he hand and leave . as he be leave he turn : luthor weng ... weng yes , mister luthor ? luthor on second think , keep the brain . I will find some use for it . weng of course , mister luthor . luthor leave . CUT to black : title on black : the man of steel will return in superman : the man of tomorrow feature bizarro . the end