the four great villain : Three of this creature be man : the fourth be a woman . she be tall and have a magnificent body which be show to its best advantage in a krypton outfit that reveal more than it conceal : high boot , a cling body suit , and all shiny black . Long raven hair frame a strikingly beautiful face ; she eye be almost fiery in they grace . a woman whose beauty make strong man weak , she be consume by total hatred of the male sex . this be ursa . one of the man , who strut and swagger like the leader , be get up in a kryptonian version of ultra-military attire - jackboot , high collar , uniform . all this , however , be bely by he pasty - face , even sickly appearance . a pathological dictator , as super - fascist whose only quality be utter contempt for everyone but himself , whose only goal be to command a world of inferior . this be general zod . the second man be a thin , wiry character whose face seem to be permanently contort into a twisted , mock grin . there be something seedy and second - rate about he appearance , even as he clothing be flashier , gaudier and , finally , more vulgar than the other . a psychopathic jokester , whose prank and " practical joke " be only funny to he when they cause death and suffer to other , this be jak - EL . the fourth member of the band be only a man to the extent that he be not a animal . a monstrous brute , he ugly face twist with violence . he do not speak but instead utter horrible animal - like growl and howl . almost pure if , bent only on mindless destruction , he be a force of frightening evil . this be non . fade in 283ext . space a cape figure fly high over the United States , gain speed as the atmosphere begin to blur into the dark . mysterious blue of space . this be superan . CUT to ext . space wide shot - superman , fly with the speed of light , zoom through the universe , past the moon , as the Earth grow smaller in the distance . faster and faster he go until he burst through into another galaxy . closer on superman -- as he hurtle the warhead into the void of outer space . CUT to ext . space wide shot - as the warhead , speed through the galaxy , explode . the close star break into shoot , fiery fragment . CUT to ext . space on superman - as he he send reeling through the limitless void , fall away , stunne by the explosion . CUT to ext . phantom zone - space wide shot -- the shock wave reverberate in the realm of the unknown far out in space until they meet the resistance of a great crystalline cloud - the phantom Zone . special effect : the crystalline cloud wall shatter . CUT to the four great villain as they rush to the open wall and suck in the air of unexpected freedom . as the crystal cage break and they rush forward into space : jak -el free ! ursa free ! general zod free ! non let out a terrifying howl , like a animal who have burst its bond . 284 the effect must be truly frightening , as if pandora 's box have be open and all the plague be unleash on the world . they horrifying face fill the screen with howl of glee as they drift off into space . hold on the image of the void of black space as . . . credit roll . as credit end . . . dissolve to 285ext . sky - day on a cloud bank float peacefully in the blue sky over Earth . suddenly it be break with SOUND of rushing flight as superman come diving out of it , head for the Earth . 286ext . sky - day dissolve to : on a cloud bank float peacefully in the blue sky over earth . suddenly it be break with SOUND of rushing flight as superman come diving out of it , head for the earth . pan down with he to : 287ext . garbage dump - outskirt of metropolis - day a site that instantly create the biggest contrast with the mysterious beauty of outer space that we have just see : a city garbage dump , dot with reek mound of refuse and grey smoking bonfire . for it be here , in a place as close to desert as can be find near the great city of metropolis , that superman can land unobserve . closer on he - full length : he land , look just a bit bushed from he recent ordeal . superman whew . . . he brushes himself off and walk out of frame , right . CUT to 288ext . shack - garbage dump - day full shot : on a beat - up , dilapidate old shack on the edge of the dump . superman walk behind it from left . for a moment he be block from our view , as camera hold in place . then , emerge from right of shack , transformed into he familiar guise of Clark Kent : suit , tie , glass , etc . pan with he as Clark turn onto the dirt road and begin walk jauntily toward metropolis . in bear g. the skyscraper and bridge if the city can be see . CUT to 289int . CITY room of " the DAILY planet " - day mo . wide shot of ' lois Lane seat at she desk , she foot up , today 's newspaper in she lap , turn the page and look quite pleased with herself . dolly in at angle enabling US to see the giant banner headline . lex luthor " S scheme " bomb " superman save nation criminal draw harsh sentence photo and lois ' byline accompany the article . as we see this , we hear o.s. the voice of Jimmy Olsen . jimmy ( o.s. ) a great story tell , by a great reporter . continued 289continued pull back and widen to include Jimmy as lois look up and grin . lois my mother thanks you , my father thanks you -- clark ( o.s. ) -- and superman thanks you . widen more to reveal Clark Kent who have just come over to join they . clark ( kid ) how much do he pay you for all the p.r. stuff you write ? the mood between they , though light and chipper , be complicated . lois be more " up " than Clark , who seem to have a barely disguise , case of unrequite love . odd , but true : the more he do to make she head spin as superman , the less she appreciate good old Clark Kent . lois ahhh , the boy reporter . late as usual . clark ( lightly ) stick in traffic . ( gesture toward the headline ; a bit less airy ) not everyone can fly , you know . lois ( not unplease ) do I detect a note of jealousy ? clark ( a bit miff ) I know I can not compete with some body who can fry a egg by winking at it . favoring lois -- who smile fondly at he . Jimmy silently slip away with utmost discretion . continued 289conitined ( 2 ) lois Clark Kent , you be jealous . and it be very become . I will tell you the truth - if I have not have my girlish head turn by superman , I would say you be a prize catch . clark ( very hopeful ) I ? lois sure . you have get everything . favoring clark - who smile as . but the quickly fade as -- lois but nobody know it . what good be everything if you have not get it together ? ( push ) do you mind if I give you some constructive criticism ? clark yes . lois ( go right on ) you could be a take - charge guy ! all you need be a little drive . be aggressive . push ! not just personally . professionally , too . all that chance to be a top reporter be just wait to be grab ! I grab they . clark God know . . . she rise , try to get to he , shake he up . lois you have have that chance , too ! but where be you ? ( tick off a list with grow impatience ) ' make a phone call . ' ' in the washroom . ' ' stuck in traffic . ' continued 289continued ( 3 ) clark a charming metaphor for my life . ' stuck in traffic . ' lois well ? weave in and out , Clark ! clark in and out . lois ( practically a cheerleader now ) get up and go ! zoom past they to the frost glass door lead to editor perry White 's office as the door be swing open and a excited perry come rush out toward they . perry ( just as lois finish last line ) you say it ! he dash to they . move in to tight three shot . perry something big be break ! lois a dinosaur egg ? perry ( sarcastic as usual ) Excuse I mar 'am , I hate to interrupt my star reporter who be so busy sit on they -- lois ( quick grin ) -- laurel ? continued 289continued ( 4 ) perry yeah , well , move you laurel down to 73rd and Park . a gang of terrorist just seize some cockamamie U.S. delegation ! instantly lois grab she notebook and start the elevator ; Clark Kent be right with she . as the hustle off : perry try and talk to they ! get a interview if you can ! on the elevator : one open and they go in . CUT to 290int . elevator indicator show it be go down quickly . lois ( a bit embarrassed ) well , that sure put a end to my pep talk . ( change the subject ) I wonder which delegation -- clark ( sincerely ) listen , thanks for that advice before . I mean it , lois . lois oh. well. ( awkward now ) I do not mean to sound like a coach , Clark . but that 's what friend be for . clark ( plaintively ) ' Friends . . . ' the elevator stop ; door open . tracking out with they into -- 291int . lobby - " DAILY planet " - day -- at a dead run for the exit , in a hurry , all emotion fight the professional tension . tracking fast . lois I do not mean I only think of you as just a friend , Clark . they be out the door . CUT to 292ext . STREET in front of " DAILY planet " build - day on they as they dash out into the street , wildly hail a cab in the middle of a real city traffic jam : bumper- to bumper , horn blow . clark ( still eagerly pursue she last remark ) you mean . . . ? lois I mean . . . in a way . . . look , this be not the time or the place to -- suddenly they turn to each other with a little conspiratorial grin and , speak almost in unison , hit the same realisation at the same moment : clark and lois stuck in traffic . . . CUT to 293ext . delegation skyscraper - day wide long shot : the main entrance of a tall , flat - roofed modern office building be cordon off and guard by a great many heavily armed policeman . Police wagon and van and squad car be park all around , as well as mobile tv unit . a general buzz of heighten activity : walkie-talky go , the area swarm with reporter and photographer , the crowd push back behind barricade . in bear g. a taxi pull up ; Clark and lois jump out and run to join the crowd of reporter . continued 293continued closer on the reporter who surge forward against the cordon , as a harry , tense police spokesman emerge from the building . on spokesman spokesman awright , here 's the situation . Three terrorist have occupy the twenty - fifth floor . we do not know who they be -- they claim it 's the freedom guerilla Army . we be check that out . they have get hostage -- at least nine -- in a office up there . they say they be go to kill one every hour until they demand be meet . a reporter what demand ? spokesman at this point in time , we do not know that information . we establish communication but we still do not know what the fu . . . what they want . on clark -- busy take note . only now do he slowly look up as he say to lois : clark five will get ' you ten it 's -- widen shot to see what Clark see : lois be go . clark lois ! CUT to 294int . delegation skyscraper lobby - day wide shot -- as lois whizze in . the cop cluster at the other end do not see she . tracking -- she run to the corridor where the elevator be . frantically she press the elevator button . continued 294continued new angle -- a policeman turn into the corridor and raise he gun . as he call out , the elevator door open . cop hey , lady ! lois leap into the elevator . the cop race the distance towards it . just as he get there , the door shut . the next elevator door then open ( as if they be program to work in sequence ) and the policeman get in . fast CUT to 295int . front door - lobby - delegation build - day Clark Kent come tear in , run to the elevator . new angle : the cop , in the elevator which have not yet leave the ground floor , can not believe he eye when he see yet another civilian run loose . cop ( outrage ) hey , what be this , Grand Central sta -- the elevator door shut on he . Clark run past . hold on the elevator , a moment later , it re-open and the furious cop come out . CUT to 296int . further down the corridor - day Clark pull open a door mark " FIRE stair . " in this narrow , dinky space , he put a foot on the first step , look up . clark Pov : a endless spiral of stair go up and up . CUT to 297int . corridor - day on the cop 's elevator . he leap out , run to the fire stair , fling open the door . he look up . Pov : view as before , but no Clark Kent to be see . on the cop -- who stand there , slowly scratch he head , utterly mystify . CUT to 298int . delegation office corridor - 25 th floor - day we be on a glass - wall office in which a drama of we time be be play out . Three terrorist hold gun on nine hostage , one of whom be a almost hysterical woman plead with the terrorist who guard she . the image , in silence , be really frightening . pull back to see that the corridor lead to the office be line with police sniper in full regalia -- ammunition belt , battle vest , gas mask , rifle -- crouch in other office doorway . in the delegation office , the head terrorist raise he wrist , indicate he watch , then begin wave he gun wildly at the hostage , yell . as the hysterical woman begin to cry , we hear the police commander o.s. at the very end of the corridor : police commander ( 0 . S .) and one ! the police sniper raise they gun in unison . police commander ( 0 . S .) and two ! the rifle be aim at the office door . police commander ( o.s. ) Fire ! the gun be fire in unison , hurtle tear gas canister towards the office . the glass door shatter and smoke instantly fill the office and begin to pour down the corridor , as terrorist and hostage scramble wildly out and down the corridor toward camera . Three Men burst out of the tear - gas cloud first . at this moment the elevator door open and out step lois . the Men be virtually upon she and she seize the opportunity to ask the nearest one : lois ( eagerly ) Excuse I , what be it like to be at the mercy of ruthless , fanatical -- continued 298continued the man bring a gun up and hold it at she temple , smile . lois choose the wrong side to ask . lois ( weakly ) I guess I will find out . at which point the fire stair door opposite open and out step Clark Kent to be greet bythis sight and a gun at he head . as the three terrorist shove Clark and lois back into the fire stair . terrorist ( a small mock grin ) oh , yes . we treat all we hostage the same . CUT to 299ext . delegation skyscraper roof - day aerial view : the broad flat roof of the building , a fire station exit door at either end . a police helicopter hover above as Clark and lois emerge from one of the door and be push by the terrorist to the very edge of the roof . as this happen the chopper swing lower and a loudspeaker voice emanate from it : helicopter cop ( V .o. ) ( loudspeaker ) let they go . terrorist two ( shouting to the chopper ) in a pig 's eye , pig ! terrorist leader ( shouting as he press gun to lois ' head ) come any closer , man , and you can watch this folk die . closer -- a beat of silence in which lois sway , terrify , on the ledge . Clark , a bit behind , watch she , helpless and worried . then : helicopter cop ( v.o. ) we be ready to talk a deal .. continued 299continued terrorist leader talk ! helicopter cop ( v.o. ) release you hostage and we will guarantee you safe conduct . we can land the chopper on the roof . we will take you straight to JFK . we will have a jet wait there . terrorist three ( shouting ) yeah , for you to shoot out the tire ! we watch television too , man ! terrorist leader get this ! you can keep you jet ! we want superman ! closeup - clark kent -- startle . helicopter cop ( v.o. ) ( stupefy ) superman ?!! on the group on the roof . terrorist two we want superman to fly we to Algeria . nobody shoot out he tire , baby . and we be keep this hostage ! helicopter cop ( v.o. ) how be we suppose to get superman ? closeup - terrorist leader terrorist leader ( a sinister smile at Clark ) that 's not we problem , Jim . closeup - clark -- little do they know it 's he problem . after a moment he speak quickly clark actually , I can get superman for you . continued 299continued ( 2 ) closeup - lois -- astonished . lois you . . . ? the look turn to admire dismay as she " realise " he 's stalling . terrorist leader ( scornful ) yeah . he hang out with you ? clark sure . I have get he private number . I swear it . I will have he here in no time . I just need to get to a phone . why would I lie about it ? just let I get to a phone . the terrorist look at each other , then at they leader . after a beat : terrorist leader okay . okay . and they -- he gesture to terrorist two and Three . terrorist leader -- will be right behind you . ( to he man ) take he down to the top floor . must be a phone there . new angle - the two terrorist lead Clark to the far fire door ( not the one they come up through ) , terrorist two treat they all to a little revolutionary rhetoric as they go : terrorist two anyone who have mess with we people , prepare to die ! power to we brother in struggle ! yeah ! and death to the oppressor ! you blood will run in the street -- and as they exit through the door , whip pan to lois and the terrorist leader . continued 299continued ( 3 ) terrorist leader ( to she ) and if you friend do not do he thing -- ( menacingly , brandish he gun at she ) I be gonna do mine . as lois register terror . CUT to 300int . corridor - one flight below - day Clark and the terrorist emerge from the stair door , again leave the door open , and into corridor . a number of close door open off the corridor . track with they as they walk down . a terrorist open one . it be a broom closet . he open the next . it 's a office . he point into it , indicate a telephone ' on a desk . terrorist three there 's you phone , man . clark right . thanks . now. . . ( stalling , reach in he jacket pocket ) where 's that phone number ? terrorist two ( instantly suspicious ) do not go for that pocket , High pocket . terrorist two nod to terrorist Three , who do a fast patdown frisk of Clark . Clark now have one terrorist on either side , right up against he . mo . full shot . terrorist three he 's clean . terrorist two ( indicate Clark can now search he pocket ) better have that number , Jim . or we get you number . continued 300 continued as Clark speak the follow in a steady patter like a magician whose hand be go to be quick than the eye , he have one hand crossing he chest into he breast pocket and the other hand delving in he jacket pocket : clark should be here somewhere . should be right here . but you know how it be . . . . sometimes when you change you suit you forget to change -- on the word " change " he elbow come up hard , smash one terrorist on each side . smash they simultaneously right in the chop and send they fly . in that instant , he leap into the broom closet , slam the door behind he . the terrorist be quickly on they foot again , gun draw . they FIRE through the broom closet door , riddllng it with bullet . CUT to 301ext . roof - day SOUND : the bullet firing down below . lois ( a cry of anguish ) Clark ! terrorist leader ( frown , shout down the stairwell ) mustafa ! what 's happenin ' down there ? CUT to 302int . corridor - day on the broom closet door . mustafa and he cohort stand with smock gun , grin at each other . they do a quick revolutionary hand - shake and then open the door . there , in the classic pose , full shot , stand the man of steel in full costume . . . superman ! continued 302continued the two terrorist look at each other in total confusion . instantly , superman reach out with both hand and crack they two head together . they hit the floor , unconscious . superman step across they and cross to the fire stair door . follow he . he lean against the wall , wait . terrorist leader ( o. S. ) ( call from the roof ) mustafa ! mustafa !? 303ext . roof - day on lois and the terrorist leader , now alone . terrorist leader ( grimly ) say you prayer , woman . lois , try to be brave , take a deep breath and look down , get instant vertigo . quickly , she shut she eye , sway , almost fall . 304angle down -- showing the long drop to the street . crowd below . 305 on they -- as lois wait for the bullet in closeup terrorist leader ( o.s. ) superman ! lois ' eye fly open wide . she be about to turn and look when the gun be press tightly to she head again . terrorist leader ( o. S ) ( threateningly ) Lady , move now and you movin ' day be do . lois stand very still , very discreet , but a tiny smile of hope begin as she hear the familiar voice : superman ( o. S. ) ( sternly ) you want to talk to I ? terrorist leader ( cocky ) no man , I want to fly you . continued 305 continued angle down : three shot -- lois be turn away between the terrorist , who be use she as a shield , and superman , who stand a few foot away on the ledge . shot include the vertigo- induce drop . superman ( tersely ) you be ground , bubby . he make a quick move towards the terrorist . but -- terrorist leader uh-uh . she be . and so say , he hurl lois off the edge and into space . lois , briefly glimpse , scream in shock and horror as she fall . but to the amazement of the terrorist ( and the audience ) superman be not distract ; he keep right on come and deck the terrorist with one terrific punch , knock he cold on the roof ! CUT to 306ext . delegation build - day lois , fall through space , she skirt up , cover she face ( and give we a nice view of very pretty panty and garter and swell leg ) . but be she about to be a wet spot on the pavement ? on superman -- take a breath , have just dust off the terrorist . on lois -- still fall , shriek now , the ground come up fast . at the last moment , superman swoops into frame , catch she in he arm as she last scream turn into a moan of relief . she bury she face against he chest . he smoothes she skirt down and deposit she gently on the pavement : . then be take off immediately . 307in b.g. reporter and cop race towards lois . at the back or this crowd , push he way through , be Clark Kent . as he reach she with a look of great concern , she smile at he mischievously . lois so , you have get superman 's phone number , hmmm ? continued 307continued pan to two policemen first cop the man be amazing . second cop that 's why they call he Super . first cop Three terrorist permanently out of circulation , and last week he send lex luthor up the river . second cop ( approve ) without a paddle . CUT to 308ext . prison yard - day OPEN on closeup of a middle - age black convict as he , in turn , open he mouth and let he mouth and let forth with a rich basso version of the well - know negro spiritual " let my people go . " camera be on the crane , which now begins to pull back and up , widening and panning over the prison yard of a large penitentiary . from the open uncle Tom image , this look like every prison movie ever make : pan reveal the prison - garbe con in classic situation -- one group play ball , another group huddle around a card game , a third group sun themselves , etc . various entrance into the prison proper have sign over the door read " print shop , " " Laundry , " " Machine shop , " and so on . as the song reach its corny but stir chorus , pan continue to a dark , shadow corner of the yard where two convict be deep in conversation , have deliberately isolate themselves from the rest of the prison population . crane descend on this two , and we see that they be lex luthor and he assistant / architect / toady Albert . as song end , we be into tight two shot , favoring luthor . continued 308continued luthor ( gnash he tooth ) if that road company Paul robeson sing one more song , I will put ground glass in he breakfast . ( to Albert ) I mean , I have get enough problem , y'know ? y'know ? I do not need a need on top of it , y'know ? albert ( ever helpful ) I know . luthor what could you know ? you have get a twenty - year sentence . a sissy sentence , albert but I will be a old man ! luthor you have always be a old man , Albert . a fine architect , but not , not I say -- ( God , how this grate he ) -- the great mind of we time -- of all time ! and how do the world choose it 's one true genius ? do they give I treasure ? albert no . luthor who ask you ? ( continue he tirade ) do they give I glory ? what , in fact , do they give I ? albert life plus twenty - five year . ( tentatively ) well . . . if you plan to destroy the West Coast have work , million of people would have be kill . continued 308continued ( 2 ) luthor ' would ' have . would have , Albert . as it turn out , thanks to the cape concorde , not one drop of blood be shed . this seem to disappoint he a bit . as he turn away , miff , somebody come run from the cellblock door towards they . otis I just hear on the radio ! superman nab a buncha radical freak on some roof or something ' ! luthor ( gall ) that crummy flag waver . he will do anything to get a hand ! ( intensely ) all I want out of life be to get out of here and destroy that miserable , glad-hand showboat . albert but how can you destroy he ? you have try everything . nothing stop he . luthor ( slyly ) every man have a vulnerable point . I just do not find he in time . albert ( excited ) and. now you have find it ? luthor ( nastily ) what be you go to say , Albert ? 'a little late , be not it ? ' ' some timing , boss ? ' ( lower voice ) it just so happen that it take time , patience and skill -- the Big 3 -- to build my black box . continued 308continued ( 3 ) otis that black box in you cell ? luthor ( frantically quieting he ) shhhhhhhbh ! otis ( whisper ) that black box in you cell ? what 's it for ? luthor reach into he pocket and pull out a ratty , shred piece of kleenex -- one that have already see its share of munch -- and pop he favorite snack into he mouth . luthor ( to otis ) get I a fresh supply of tissue , otis . I have use up my week 's ration . otis I gotta have somthin ' to trade . luthor give they Albert 's radio . Albert look very unhappy . luthor ( back to business ) so . all attempt to track superman with conventional mean have fail include radar , correct ? correct . he file at super-speed . ( confidentially ) and yet we know that every so often , when he be not all tie up with -- ( he say this like a insult ) -- ' do good ' and take bow and kissing baby -- ( angrily ) -- and pose for ' Newsweek ' cover -- he go North . North . where ? we do not know . the tracking device always lose he . ( ruminate ) now why would he go North ? continued 308continued ( 4 ) albert to ski ? lex luthor sigh dramatically and turn he back on they . luthor we have really get to break out of here , y'know . it 's beginning to affect everybody 's mind . ( turn back to they ) this device -- my black box -- which I have nearly finish , go beyond conventional radar . ( come closer , as if to impart a stun piece or news ) it track Alpha wave . otis ( impressed ) Alpha wave ! luthor you do not even know what they be , do you ? just try to act like you be ' with it . ' right ? otis ( weakly ) I hear of . . . alpha. . . watchacallem . . . luthor and you will hear about they again , otis . they will lead I to he secret . and when I have that secret . I will have superman . reaction : Albert and otis suitably impressed now . albert ( exuberantly ) tomorrow the world ! luthor not tomorrow . Albert 's face fall . continued 308continued ( 5 ) luthor I will not be ready tomorrow . albert but - we could be free . luthor we will be free when I say we will be free , what 's all this crap about free , anyway ? the point be to go when we be ready . albert ( weakly ) I be ready . . . luthor you be not the govern factor , pussycat . as Albert roll he eye heavenward in despair . camera pan upward with he gaze , over the prison wall , higher and higher . CUT to 309ext . space upward movement of camera ( effect ) continue as Earth sky become space and silence . Earth day become cosmic , starry silence . dissolve to : 310ext . surface 0f the moon ( or moon - like planet ) wide , long shot : astronaut have land ; there be a capsule that look like the famous lem , support on four skinny high spider - like leg . with a glow metal ladder lead from its portal . in b.g. distance , two golf - cart sort of vehicle be riding off over the pockmark crater , surface in search of whatever . CUT to 311int . houston , NASA space control CENTER - day the familiar set we have see before : the bank of computer . technician and controllers in shirt sleeve monitoring the astronaut . 341ext . niagara fall - day OPEN with a white , textured surface filling the screen . at first , it look like some piece of the freeze " " north " that luthor have just allude to . but as we begin to zoom back slowly , we see that it be run water and it be the foam that look like ice . as pullback continue , it be revealed to be the magnificent horseshoe Falls in Niagara Falls . at maximum distance , pan away from fall to a typical motel of the area . a flashy neon sign , coyly decorate , proclaim honeymoon Haven . several car , shiny and middle - class , be park outside , more than one decorate with crepe paper ribbon and , tin can and , " just married " sign . CUT to 342 int . lobby honeymoon haven motel - day super-kitsch , i.e. cupid . , heart , simulate wood - panele , etc . a couple , in they best travel clothes , stand with they back to US . he be signing the register . she lean to the unctuous desk clerk , who , with a flourish , pin a orchid on she . desk clerk ( take back resister , do he routine ) welcome to the house of happy honeymoon . and congratulation , Mr. . and Mrs. . . . as he speak , the couple turn , grin at each other . it be . . . Clark and lois ! desk clerk ( a note of doubt as he read the register ) . . . Smith ? CUT to 343int . bridal suite - honeymoon haven motel - day mo . wide as lois and Clark be lead in by a bellboy . the live room , all gaudy velveteen and Formica , heart - shape cushion on a castro-convertible - type sofa , be largish . now as Clark and lois look very self - conscious , the bellboy open a door to display the bedroom . bellboy and here 's the -- clark right . thank you . continued 343continued he hand he a tip . bellboy thank you , sir . and have a happy - ( with a dopey wink ) whatever . move in on he as he close the door behind he . a moment later , the orchid be suddenly flung against the door . reverse - on clark and lois . there be a bit of tension between they in this suddenly force proximity . in addition , she be feel feisty about the whole thing . lois of all the dumb assignment perry White ever think of , this one take the cake ! clark ( he little joke ) wedding cake ? lois pose as newlywed to uncover the honeymoon racket in Niagara Falls ! ( a moue of disgust ) him and he Sunday magazine expose . clark ( serious ) but it should be expose . they take this kid start out in life and bilk they for every nickel they can get . lois ( unmove ) it be not they money . somebody 's daddy be pay for it anyway , and it 's guilt money at that . clark guilt money ? lois when papa marries off he little darling , the first thing he think be , ' hurray ! one less mouth to feed . ' and then he feel guilty for think it . continued 343continued ( 2 ) clark I guess you father -- lois and he will not either . ( suddenly ) unless . . . lois be strike by a think , a reverie . clark somehow I hear a cape flap . lois ( flustered ) that will do , Mr. kent ( she look around at the shlocky door ) welcome to bad taste country . favoring clark -- who , study the room , make a discovery : a bucket of champagne on top of the tv with a little card beside it . clark ( rather impressed ) still , this be not so bad , be it ' ? ' complimentary champagne . ' lois oh sure . and the ' complimentary corsage . ' everything 's complimentary - until you get the bill . he pick up the orchid and bring it to she , a bit awkwardly , come close . move in tighter . clark ( try to pin it back on ) Mrs. Smith , you be as nervous a . . . . a newlyw . lois ( a nervous smile ) and you have be a little preoccupy yourself . continued 343 continued ( 3 ) clark ( hesitant ) I be . . . uh . . . just wonder about the . . . the , uh . . . arrangement . ( he move away , quickly ; blurt this out ) sleep arrangement . . . lois ( with a smile and a flourish toward the sofa ) Mr. Smith , the complimentary couch . CUT to 344ext . the frozen NORTH - day closeup lex luthor , the hood of a parka surround the bullet head . luthor mush ! pull back to mo . long shot revealing luthor in the back seat of a snowmobile , Eve beside he and Albert in the front . in one hand , luthor hold a whip , which he crack to spur the snowmobile on ; and in the other , he carry he little black box , which he study intently . everybody be fur clad , mitten . everywhere be ice and snow ; we be near the fortress of solitude . just as the snowmobile reach the top of a rise , luthor eye on the box , let out a joyous yelp . luthor ah ! Albert , startle . stop the snowmobile with a sicken jolt . luthor ( very excited ) what have we she ? 345his Pov : what look like just another vast outcropping of ice ( but be , in fact , the fortress ) . as Eve put it : eve ( o.s. ) ( disgust ) Ice , snow . you idea of a good time . 346on the snowmobile . luthor gaze front with wild delight . luthor fool ! it 's he home ! his home ! albert his home ... this be the secret , Mr. luthor ? luthor you can learn more about a man from the content of he garbage can than from all he public announcement . y'know ? ( he pull a kleenex from he pocket , pop it into he mouth ) yeahhhhh - there 's nothing worse than a icy tissue . no , Albert , whatever there be to know about the piebald buzzard , I will find the answer in here . he crack the whip and the snowmobile quickly shoot across the remain distance to the fortress . CUT to 347ext . fortress 0f solitude - day on the three as they dismount , Eve and Albert look very dubious . track with they as they begin walk around the seemingly impenetrable icy structure , luthor lead the way . albert ( tentatively ) his home , Mr. luthor ? you be sure ? eve ( weakly ) you must be wrong , lex . luthor ( aghast ) wrong ? lex ? ( icily ) we do not use that word in the same sentence . continued 347continued but as hey continue walk , he surreptitiously hold he little black box out to the structure and take another read . luthor ( belligerently ) there 's the needle on the target . eve ( flatly : a unassailable argument ) well , there 's no number on the door . not to mention no door -- luthor ( stride on , snarling ) and no welcome mat in front of it , and no picket fence and no rise bush and no american flag ! ( round a corner , furiously ) and we be not in Kansas , miss teschmacher ! by now he be out of frame luthor ( a sudden change to exultant ) but we have a door ! on lex , at the door , as the other rush into frame . with a sweeping gesture , he indicate this smooth panel of opaque glass ; no latch , no knob . Albert step forward and make a great show of study it . albert no visible open device . no doorknob . no hinge . ( bend , study the side ) no electric eye . counter hydraulic perhaps ? . . . ( straighten up ) fascinating . ( he professional opinion ) impenetrable . luthor ( wild with frustration ) impenetrable ? impossible ! in a rurnplestiltskin- like fury , he give the door a mighty kick . instantly it swing open , with a smirk , he enter , follow by Eve and Albert . 347continued ( 2 ) luthor ( as he enter ) moron ! I be surround by moron ! CUT to 348lnt . fortress of solitude - day wide , long , full shot : the three of they stand just inside , dwarf by the enormous , cathedral - like magnificence of the place . reverse on they . they stand , goggle -ey , overwhelm by the sheer size and beauty of the fortress . luthor how do you like this ? eve compare , to live in a sewer ? be you kid ? luthor yes , it 's not bad . ( to Albert ) from a architectural standpoint , it make you work look like leggo Blocks , y'know ? dissolve to 349int . fortress of solitude - day wide shot - another part of the fortress , central area . Eve and Albert be poke about ; she look a bit tense . albert really fantastic . the construction go beyond all know architectural theory . eve I know . no expose nail head . continued 349continued albert no nail at all ! ( marvel ) this place be a work of genius . it lack nothing . eve wrong . albert I beg you pardon ? eve I have spend two hour look for a lady room and there be not one . ( look o.s. , eye widen , with hope ) wait a minute , wait a minute , could it be . . . ? her Pov : across the room be a large self ' - contain box - like structure , glass - window , octagonal and shine . it just might be some kind of kryptonian john . new angle : she rush to it , fling open the heavy iron door . CUT to 350int . molecular restructuring machine ' tis not a crappar . it 's some kind of machine , with a set of platform inside it , various crystal arrange in a panel - bank , and luthor in there look around . eve ( disappointed ) well , if it be one , this krypton character be even more different than I think . luthor fascinating . eve what be it ? she walk to the bank of crystal . one of they glow reddish . beside it , various label panel read : " Machine activate : first stage , " " full power , " and " terminate . " continued 350 continued luthor ( he back to she , examine some gizmo ) seem to be some sort of molecular restructure device . eve ( touch the crystal ) this one be pretty . she refer to a red one , which she finger . accidentally , she knock it loose and it drop to the floor . on luthor -- turn to see what happen . luthor can not we have a little respect for scientific paraphernalia , miss butterfinger ? ( sternly ) put it back where it come from ! he turn back to he study of the control panel , mutter : luthor klutz . . . on eve - she start to put it back , dart a quick look at lex , see he be not look . quickly , she drop the crystal down the front of she blouse , into she cleavage . then , innocently : eve I just think it be pretty . luthor ( disparagingly ) pretty . no , the question be , how can we have a silicone connector attach to a cadmium bi-valve oscillator , when theoretically that would not work . that be the question . eve that 's you question , lex . mine be more basic . both turn and leave the enclosure . follow they out . CUT to 351int . fortress of solitude as they exit the machine , we see in pass that control button to activate it be on a panel on the outside of the box . long shot -- as luthor walk to the central area where jor - El materialize on memory crystal . as he walk , he fling up he arm in cranky petulance : luthor it 's boring here . everything white . why do not the man put up a couple of print ? bullfight poster or something ? on albert , poke around the control console . albert all this button . . . he reach out . luthor ( o.s. ) Albert , do not touch what do not belong to you . too late : Albert push a button . wide shot , long : effect - a entire translucent wall turn opaque ( or transparent ) revealing the arctic landscape outside . quite spectacular . albert ( impressed . ) himmel ! if I could install this in we underground headquarters , we could see -- eve -- a pile of dirt . not to mention -- luthor turn it off , Albert . it 's give I a headache . as Albert do ; CUT in closer as he reach the " throne " where superman sit to activate the memory cell and talk to he father . luthor sit down , try the chair for size . he squirm , find the slab hard and uncomfortable . continued 351continued luthor ( grouchy ) not even a cushion . no wonder they call he the man of steel . he Pov : the playback apparatus have one of the memory cell stick out of it . a button beside it , which luthor press , cause the crystal to eject . on luthor -- catch it in mid-air , study the gizmo . luthor some kind of krypton cassette player ? he look leave to the area where the shelf of memory cell be display . ( note : until now , whenever we have see superman take one of the memory cell , he have take it , in order , from the first shelf . ) luthor get up and walk to the first shelf and take a handful of the early crystal , go back to the playback apparatus , sit and push one of the crystal into the playback slot . effect : jor - El materialize quite spectacularly . reaction : luthor , Eve , and Albert scared shitless . jor -el ( a oldie but goodie tape ) you education be complete , my son . luthor what the -- ! jor -el it be time to return to the world you will live in . remember that though you be superior to man , do not set yourself above they . use you great gift -- luthor ( recover ) it 's he old man ! be you he old man ? eve ask he where the bathroom be . continued 351continued ( 2 ) luthor ( snap at she ) why do not you go before we leave ? eve ( plaintively ) two day ago ??? jor -el -- for the good of mankind . never allow -- luthor be you here ? jor -el -- yourself to be influence by political or national concern . always strive -- luthor ( catch on ) he 's not here ! ahhh , he speak from the past . very cute . very cute . jor -el -- to use you power for the good of -- luthor ( heckling ) you kid look like you . poor guy . jor -el ( dron on ) -- the people who recognize a higher moral authorit -- luthor no wonder superman 's such a goody - goody . listen to this guy . with a disgust grimace , luthor yank the cell out , shove another one in . continued 351continued ( 3 ) again ( effect ) jor - El materialize , in holograph . jor -el Education cell l o8 . Earth Culture . this be a typical ode , much love by the people you will live among , kal - El . ' tree , ' by Joyce kilmer . I think that I shall never see a poem as lovely as a tree - a tree whose branch wide and strong -- luthor , to he credit , yank out the tape out as quickly as he can . luthor good God ! albert ( distraught ) wait , please ! I love that poem ! luthor leap from he seat with brisque , impatient gesture , and stride to the shelf of memory crystal . luthor quiet ! between you brain and you bladder , a man can not hear himself think in here ! he put the crystal back in they slot , take another , suddenly turn and look at the second shelf on the other wall . he go to it . luthor maybe this be a little more . . . sophisticated . ( he take the vary last one on the shelf , start back to " throne . " ) hipper . more adult . x-rate . anything as long as it 's not -- he put in the crystal , activate it . 352special effect : again jor - El materialize . luthor man never change he suit . continued 352continued jor -el ( grim-visaged ) my son , the time have come to tell you of the darkest episode in krypton 's history . I hope this be something you never need . to know . luthor that 's okay , pop . Lay it on I . jor -el that be a good question . luthor ( confuse ) huh ? what question ? I do not ask -- jor -el you already know of krypton 's advanced governmental system that enable all the people of we planet to live peacefully and harmoniously . luthor make a rude noise . jor -el unfortunately , even on krypton there have appear -- once in a great while -- certain antisocial element . luthor ( put he on , razzing ) how shocking ! jor -el -- deviant whose upbringing or chemical balance have go awry . what we call ' malcontent ' you on Earth call they ' criminal . ' luthor my kind of people . jor -el of course , we be not a primitive planet like Earth , and this unhappy soul be always successfully rehabilitated , transformed into proud , productive citizen . continued 352continued ( 2 ) luthor ( outrage ) brainwash ! Police brutality ! reaction : Eve and Albert , interested . jor -el ( very grim ) there be , however , four exception . four , and only four , who prove -- ( this disturb he ) -- impossible to rehabilitate . as luthor cheer : luthor right on ! fade out on the image of jor - EL ; fade in on -- 353int . jor - el' home , the nursery - day on baby kal - EL shaking a strange and beautiful kryptonian crystal rattle as we hear : lara ( o.s. ) as you see , kal - El thanks you for you gift . . . pull back to see that lara be hold the baby and stand beside jor - El . she attempt a polite smile for whomever she be address but both she and . jor - El be obviously uncomfortable . lara . . . but he really need he sleep now . new angle : the room , in which we now discover non , ursa , jak - El , and Zod who be the commanding presence . they do not take lara 's hint , so she start out , drop the rattle back in its gift box on a table and carry the baby past they . non and Zod take no notice of he ; when he be hold out politely to ursa , she instinctively turn away with a grimace of disgust ; jak - El make a face he think will amuse a baby but just make he cry . as lara hurry out , jor - El turn to Zod barely conceal he disgust . continued 353continued jor -el ( stiffly ) I be very touch by you interest in my son -- ( he see through he ) -- especially at a time when you have such press interest of you own . ( a bit sardonically ) I be sure you have not forget that you all come up for trial before the Council of elder tomorrow ? zod ( even stiffer ) actually , no -- jor -el ( a glance at the gift- wrap box on the table ) I think not . zod ( pointedly ) nor have it escape we attention that the vote to condemn we must be unanimous . ( more persuasively ) and that you have sometimes be know to disagree with that -- ( sneering ) -- - august body . ursa ( spitting ) Old fool ! zod ( a look to she ) let 's put it gracefully -- jor -el ( bluntly ) let 's not . you want my vote . conitnued 353continued ( 2 ) zod ( to the other ) you see ? I tell you he be clever . Far too clever for the Council . clever enough for the ' New order ' my sister and I will establish on krypton . but no , jor - El , we do not want you to vote for we . ( sell hard ; intensely ) we want you to join we . you be not appreciate by the Council , but the people admire you . together we can sway they . ( pontificate ) and when we be in power , all kryptonian will serve the state -- jor -el meaning you . zod ( a little bow ) there will be . . . benefit . as ruler , we will live like ruler . ( head off a argument ) yes. yes , I know you be a selfless man . but -- ( trump card ) but think of you son . jor - El . he could grow up with . . . pleasure and palace . then jor - El speak slowly , softly , as if consider -- jor -el yes , General Zod , you have a point there . it 's true , I have have . my difference with the Council ; they do not always accept my point of view . as for the way I live -- ( a wave around the room ) -- I suppose it 's simple . it be good enough for I . but you be quite right . what kind of a father would I be if I do not want my son to have the best ? on the four : exchange triumphant look . it 's work ! zod ( quickly ) and so he shall . the best of everything -- continued 353continued ( 3 ) on jor -el jor -el ( a small smile form ) and the best of company . who would not want for he child such companion as -- ( he anger building as he turn from one to the other , beginning with jak - El ) you who find it amusing to terrorize child -- ( to ursa ) you whose countless man have all suddenly become accident- prone ! ( to non ) you who have beat and bully you way through life -- ( to Zod , furiously ) and you -- a mouth with muscle behind it ! the New order , eh ? well , you can take you ' New order ' and -- ( he pick up the gift box and hurl it at they foot ) and take you trojan horse with you ! on doorway : lara in the doorway watch , proud but frighten . on zod zod ( even whiter than usual with anger ) quite a speech . your will be the first voice we silence , jor - El . he make a summary gesture to the other and suddenly they start out . Zod turn for the last word . zod first you . then you brat ! favoring jor - EL : he stride towards Zod , all kryptonian cool go , a fist form . as Zod hastily retreat with he croney : zod it be not over , jor - el. ( from the safety of the door ) some day you will bow to I . he slam the crystal door . continued 353continued ( 4 ) on jor - EL as lara run to he side . as they stand with they arm around each other , look after the depart villain . fade out fade in 354jor-el reappear in the fortress of solitude jor-el the Council . of course , condemn they to a rehabilitation center . ( sorrowfully ) but the usual technique fail . nothing we could do would change they evil nature . luthor ( offended ) lex luthor ! lex luthor ! what be I ? chopped liver ? jor -el ( sadly ) . and so , because of they , I create the phantom Zone . we have , of course , no death penalty -- luthor first good thing you have say , high - pocket . jor -el -- and we one prison could not hold they . the solution , as I study the problem , be a mathematical equation which I develop and present to the Council of elder . the phantom Zone be construct in space from this unbreakable , irreversible equation . in it the four be imprison . a terrible solution , yes , a cruel solution , but one we be force to make , kal - El . there be no mathematical equation that can free they . luthor ( ponder ) never ? jor -el we have , of course , think long and hard about that question . continued 354continued luthor ( pleased ) hey ! I ask the right question ! jor -el ( a trifle uneasily ) no one , not even the scientist or krypton , can predict all eventuality throughout all eternity . the one danger we have consider be that the phantom Zone might , just might -- we can not know -- be crack by a major nuclear explosion in space . extremely tight closeup lex luthor -- he sit bolt upright , he eye shine . jor -el but we computer show this possibility as .000000002 in one million . earthling cannot travel this far in space , nor would they ever have reason to cause such a explosion . so I think we can consider the phantom Zone secure . luthor ( gleeful , sing ) ' Gray sky be gonna clear up , put on a happy face . . . ' jor - EL I can not say I be glad you ask I that . because we do not know what could be do if they be to escape . ( this be painful for he ) I do not know . on krypton , this villain be uncontrollable . on Earth , they would have the same power as you do . on luthor : extreme delight . luthor and he do not even know he do it ! that 's the beauty part ! that monogramm megalomaniac do not even know they be on they way here or he would be look for they . only I know ! eve what be we -- deaf , dumb , and blind ? continued 354continued ( 2 ) luthor Dumb , yes . deaf and blind I can arrange . he rise , in fine fettle . luthor ( a imprecation ) fly ! fly like the wind ! fly straight and true to you earthly master ! come to papa , my four friend ! on eve -- eve what do we need with friend ? we have get you . CUT to 355ext . lookout point , niagara fall - day we be on a small boy romping rather abandondly near a guardrail of iron bar as we hear : mother ( o.s. ) ( impatiently ) freddy ! watch out ! as she appear and grab he none too gently , pull back to see that we be at the great horseshoe Falls , in the large area where the public view the fall . the fence of parallel iron bar keep the people from go over the edge . every few yard , binocular machine that cost a quarter be set up in concrete basis , point at the great cataract . the area be fill with people : family and a lot of newlyw couple hold hand . people be look , take photograph with they instamatics , etc . not far away be a hot dog stand , do a brisk business , and beyond that a parking lot fill with car . close on the fence area where , amidst the other tourist , Clark and lois stand , both wear shiny new wedding ring -- do they newlyw number . clark we should be hold hand . they be all hold hand . Pov : almost every couple around they hold hand as they look at the fall : continued 355 continued closer on clark and lois lois afraid to let go , probably . when they let go , they head for reno . clark lois . I get the feel all this -- be here , newlywed and all -- be somehow . . . ( cautiously venture this ) . . . threaten to you . favoring lois -- this remark hit she where she life , but she immediately throw up she usual what - the-hell defense . lois ( mock viennese accent ) Zank you very much . herr doktor Freud . clark okay . hide from you feeling . move in to closeup clark who look rather wistful . clark but I would rather be like they . he stand look at the honeymooner , when suddenly little preddy run into frame , darting between and around Clark and lois -- one of that kid who just can not keep still . this time it be he father be turn to retrieve freddy and pull he back into the family group ( some uncle , aunt , grandma and the mother ) . the Father wear a gray suit similar to the one Clark wear . as he haul the kid away : father ( annoyed ) freddy , do not you mother tell you -- lois ( a bit uptight from the conversation ) I be hungry . clark you be a amazing person . continued 355 continued ( 2 ) lois aw , c'mon -- anybody can get hungry . clark no , I mean here you stand with one of nature 's most awesome spectacle and the whole time you have have you back to it . be not you impressed ? lois once you have see superman in action , Niagara Falls tend to leave you cold . clark ( scowling ) him again . lois sorry , Clark . I guess I a have a one - track mind . and right now it 's say , ' feed I . ' Clark look in the direction of the parking lot . clark well , we pass a hot dog place back there . will that do ? lois around here that 's a gourmet treat . I do not know how you feel about cupid 's special aphrodisiac french toast smother in venus and adonis syrup and St. Valentine 's heart - melting oleomargarine , but I pass . clark ( with a grin ) two hot dog , comin ' up . he turn and go . on freddy , now swinging very dangerously between 2 parallel iron bar of the guardrail . all this be for someone 's benefit as he call out : preddy ( big impish grin ) hey , betcha can not do this ! continued 355continued ( 3 ) suddenly , he lose he foot and almost go over . his mother scream . but : a gray -sleeve arm shoot inito frame , pull he to safety . pan up the arm . to reveal that it 's not papa but Clark . clark hey , tarzan , this be not the jungle . mother now grab freddy away rather as if Clark be about to molest he . two shot -- mother and freddy mother ( a hiss to freddy ) freddy , do not I tell you never to talk to strange man ? and with that , she deal he a resounding smack . as the kid howl , pan to lois watch all this about 10 foot away . she shake she head . lois right , kid . do not get hurt . let mama hurt you . 356ext . hot dog stand , niagara fall .s - day Clark approach the stand and , with a little sigh , get on the end of a very long line . as he wait patiently , bored : CUT to 357ext . lookout point , niagara fall - day two shot -- freddy again , dangle through the bar , do bit for the benefit of lois who watch he with dismay . she be unwilling to alert mama , who will only wallop he again , but very nervous about the show she be get . a high kick or two and a quick smile , and then freddy 's hand slip . as he grin change to terror and he plummet down the Falls , we hear o.s. the mother 's pierce scream , terrify . he tumble , arm splay out , clutching at air , and now there be other scream , pandemonium above , o.s. follow the fall . 358 new angle suddenly a blue streak zoom out of the sky . it 's superman , swoop up the kid just before he hit the rapid . 358on lois : watch , thrilled . lois ( cheer ) attaboy , superman ! crosscut : Niagara visitor click instamatics and Polaroid , recording the scene ; customer rush from the hot dog stand in drove , desert it to see the action ; folk crowd the binocular machine , focus they to catch . 360superman , who be now fly up with the kid . 361 cheer and applause as freddy be deposit before hysterical mother . two shot : on superman as he deliver the child , safe and sound , to mother . freddy ( he love it ) again ! again ! superman ( with a wink ) sorry , only one ride to a customer . and off he soar to the click of camera and more cheer . 362 and off he fly , up , up , and away to the click of more camera , more cheer . 363on lois -- wave frantically to attract he attention . lois hey , wait ! superman , it 's I . it 's lo-- too late . he 's go . as lois stand there dejectedly . mother ( o.s. ) now you be gonna get it ! SOUND : a loud smack . next SOUND : a howling child . lois pay it little attention . her mind more and more put two and two together . continued 363continued lois ( miff ) well ! hello and goodbye . what 's he hurry ? I mean , since he happen to be in Niagara Falls -- ( that strike she ) just happen to be here ? be not that funny , Clark ? ( suddenly ) Clark . . . ( consider ) and Clark be not here . . . ( the light dawns ) . . . as usual . CUT to 364ext . behind hot dog stand , niagara fall - day now a desert area , everyone have hurried off to see the action . superman land . follow he as he move towards the hot dog stand , ( effect ) transform into Clark Kent , complete with gray suit , glass . he be all alone with a tray of hot dog , a tray of they , and finally -- with a little shrug -- he pick up two of they and start back to the view area . he get about four foot away and then the honest afterthought -- he step back to the counter , fish in he pocket , and leave a dollar lay there . CUT to 365ext . lookout point , niagara fall - day on lois , the crowd behind and around she disperse with some still excited murmure . but she be intent only on she own conversation . lois where be you ? clark ( pass she a hot dog ; then defensively ) I be get hot dog . what do you mean ? continued 365 continued lois ( not give a inch ) I mean it strike I funny that every time superman come around , you disappear . clark ( try for casual ) superman ? be he here ? lois and you be not as usual . what do you say to that ? clark you have get mustard there , on the corner of you -- lois wipe it off . she will not be talk out of this now . begin to track with they as they walk away from lookout Point and along the path that run alongside the churn , rapid-ridden Niagara River . lois I never start to put it together before , Clark . and that 's funny because a good reporter be not suppose to let anything slip by she . but I get it now . I be beginning to . Clark look more and more nervous the closer she get to it . clark ( try to fake she out ) lois , I do not have , as usual , the vaguest idea what -- lois c'mon , do not fake I out , Clark . ( pause ) or whoever you be . clark whoever , I ( act annoyed ) look , why do not you just take a walk and clear you head and I 'ii meet you back at the motel . in a huff , he turn and start to walk away . 366 new angle -- Clark , in f.g. , come toward camera . lois be behind he . she watch he walk a few step and then drop the bombshell . lois ( very quietly ) you be superman , be not you ? we can see he reaction , but she can not . then he turn to she . new angle - mo two shot clark ( play " incredulous " ) I be . . . what ??? lois tall , broad shoulder , dark hair . . . listen , I have get to give you credit . you disguise be nearly perfect . I mean , if you fool I , and I be nobody 's fool -- clark ( tense ) I would better phone perry . there must be a reporter ' home for the mentally ill somewhere . lois ( she will not be sway ) go ahead . cop out . run away . she turn and walk out onto the little bridge that cross the churn rapid . Clark follow she look quite anxious . CUT to : 367ext . bridge - day clark lois , I be not run -- lois okay , okay . ( adamant ; she come to a halt in the middle of the bridge ) I will tell you what . you say I be wrong . and I say I be right . impasse . so I will make a little bet on it ? continued 367continued clark how do you expect to win a silly -- tight closeup lois -- she could not be more serious . lois because of what I be betting . ( pause ) my life . clark what ? new angle , favoring lois lois you hear I . I be so sure you be superman , I be go to stake my life on it . if I be right , you will turn into superman -- you must tell I how you do that someday . be it under you suit --? and if I be wrong -- ( shrug ) -- well , then you will have one hell of a story . clark ( laugh it off ) you have get some imagination , lois . for one brief moment there , you practically have I convinced . he start to walk off the bridge . she do not budge . clark I say ' practically ' though , because no one be gullible enough to -- on lois -- a very strange grin on she determine face . lois ( almost sing it ) bye - bye , baby . and with that , she calmly climb over the bridge rail and before the disbely eye of Clark Kent , jump into the raging Niagara river . 368wide shot , angle down : stay afloat in this rapid be much more difficult than lois imagine . she be struggle . at the opposite side , push against the bank , be a large log and tree branch from a fall tree that have be wedge against the shore . closeup clark clark lois ! on lois -- in the water ; panicked . lois help ! superman ! on clark -- in a quandary . clark now what do I do ? he dart he eye to : Pov : the log in the water . 370 closeup clark -- he suck in air in a mighty inhale of super- breath . 371on the river : effect -- the super- breath pull the log from free from its moor and take it right to where lois struggle . clark ( o.s. ) lois ! grab hold ! grab the log ! struggle against the strong current , she manage to get hold the branch . 372on clark : huff and then puff a mighty exhale of Super - breath . 373effect : ( on the river ) the gust of air send the log with lois hold onto it shoot across the river like a rocket , right up to the bank and dry land . 374 new angle -- as Clark come run off the bridge clamber down the side of the bank to help pull she to safety , a wet and bedraggle and frighten and miserable lois manage to scamper to safety . clark ( pull she up ) here , grab hold . . . take it easy , I have get you . continued 374continued he pull she up to dry land , back in the path . lois look as describe above , all of which , on she make she look very appeal and sexy . clark be you all tight ? lois ( stunne ) he . . . do not . . . come . . . clark I tell you it be a stupid thing to -- lois ( can not get over it ) he do not come . he be here . just before . he could have save I . clark be you convinced ? lois ( still lose in think ) what ? ( realize ) oh , that you be not superman ! ( with a shake of she head ) temporary insanity on my part , Clark . ( angry ) that self - center , no good -- clark ( pacify she ) you take a ridiculous chance . he 's probably a long way from here by now . lois good riddance . ( suddenly conscious of she appearance ) I have get to get out of this wet clothes . oh , look at my hair ! continued 374continued ( 2 ) clark we would better drive back to the motel . ( he put a arm around she ) c'mon , you will catch you death . holding she to he , they begin walk toward the lot . track just ahead of they , in medium closeup two shot . lois you be get soak . clark that 's okay , I do not want you to catch a chill . she look up at he gratefully . lois I be glad you be not superman . clark ( a smile ) you be ? lois ( very little - girlish under he manly shoulder ) I be glad you be Clark Kent . all of a sudden Clark Kent be look pretty good to I . a he hug she tighter to he , camera stop tracking and turn 90 degree to watch they walk away , grow smaller the further they get from camera . CUT to 375ext . frozen NORTH , just outside the fortress - day closeup lex luthor luthor ( triumphant ) yes ! yes ! there it be ! unmistakable ! continued 375continued pull back to see they on the snowmobile , as luthor aim he black box at the sky . luthor ( watch the dial ) kryptonian Alpha wave ! ol ' betsy find I superman 's pad , and ol ' betsy 's go to find I the freshmen of the apocalypse ! insert : the black BOX ticking and beeping as he point it skyward . eve what do you need they for ? luthor dummy ! anything he can do , they can do better ! they can give I the world ! eve what do you want with the world ? you do not even like the world . luthor the world , miss teschmacher , be a lot of real estate . eve land , land , always land . . . luthor -- which they will develop for I ! as soon as they get rid of superman and we take over , I will put they to work . ( see it in he mind 's eye ; wild with enthusiasm ) a super construction crew ! no , a destruction crew ! level forest ! creating coastline ! they can move mountain ! think of it , Albert ! the thing you can build ! monument to I ! hotel ! ski resort ! ' luthorland ! ' albert ( catch up in the spirit , rhapsodically ) a sport - palace . . . continued 375continued luthor and who do we have to thank for it ? ( deliciously ) superman ! for set they free ! doncha love it ? ( fondly ) ah , lex luthor , you be one helluva fella . even when you lose , you win . CUT to 376int . bedroom , honeymoon suite , niagara fall motel - day the bedroom be just as kitschy and over - decorate as you would expect . heart - shape bed , etc . lois Lane , wear a bathrobe and with a towel knotted turban-style around she head ( have just wash she hair ) be seat at a dress table , stare morosely at she reflection in the mirror . on the right side of the dress table rest a curling iron , ( plastic handle , metal " blade " ) , plugge into a wall socket . as scene begins , lois take the towel off she head and shake she damp hair . now she look like a shaggy dog . she look in the mirror again . lois ugh . SOUND : a knock at the door that connect the bedroom to the rest of the suite . lois yes ? clark ( o.s. ) can I come in ? she start to grab for the towel to cover she hair again , then figure why bother . lois oh , what the hell -- yes , sure , c'mon in , Clark . continued 376continued Clark enter . he 's feel very happy about the turn of event and the romantic encouragement lois have at last give he . he smile at she affectionately . lois I know . I look like something the cat drag in . clark you look cute . lois well , I be cute , but not like this . ( smile warmly at he ) thanks , anyway . it 's nice to know there be still some gentleman leave . on lois -- she take the curling iron by its handle and flick a drop of water from a nearby bowl on the end to see if it be hot yet . insert : it sizzle , evaporate . on clark -- watch she , enjoy the moment . clark I be start to really feel like a newlyw . lois ( little grin ) I guess the next thing be I watch you shave in the morning . clark I guess I would like that . lois oh , come on , I bet there have be plenty or girl who . . . ( begin to think about it ) . . . well , a few anyway , who . . . as she turn to look at he questioningly with the realisation that he may actually be a virgin , Clark quickly change the subject . clark anyway , as soon as you be ready , we can look into that honeymooner miniature golf tournament . continued 376continued favoring lois , mo . shot , clark in b.g . she put the hair curling iron down on the dress table and cross to the dresser . lois ( scan the top of the dresser ) Bobby pin , bobby pin -- I know they be here somewhere . on clark : he look at the dresser . 377effect : X - Ray vision effect in he eye . Pov : the bobby pin be in the top drawer , under a scarf . 378on clark -- who , of course , say nothing about it . clark maybe you leave they in you purse . on lois lois at least I have the presence of mind not to jump in with my purse . ( still hunt ) God , what a maniac I must have look like to you . I be really embarrassed about this , Clark . I would appreciate it if you would not mention -- new angle : open the drawer , she find the bobby pin , put a few in she hair , then pull out another section or hair to be curl . clark of course not . lois think that you be he , when all the time I do not take the time to appreciate you for yourself -- ( hold a hand out ) Hand I that curling iron , would you ? on clark -- who have be absorb in what lois be say . he reach out automatically to the dress table . 379in a series of fast cut : a ) insert : he grab it by the wrong end -- the hot , metal tong . B ) lois -- as he do so : lois be careful ! that 's h -- she never even finish the sentence , as she eye widen in astonishment . C ) clark -- holding it in he hand . it be clear he feel no pain . D ) closeup lois -- her jaw drop as she stare in wonder . E ) on clark -- a terrible expression on he face . he realise that he have inadvertently blow he cover after all that trouble he 's take till now . foolishly he keep hold the hot curling iron . then he slowly put it doom . F ) lois -- she walk slowly over to he and take he hand , turn it over , look into the palm . G ) insert : his hand . it be completely unmark by a burn . lois ( pure wonderment ) it 's true . it 's true . clark lois , I . . . lois I be right . you be superman . clark ( turn away abruptly ) you be just be ridicu -- but he can not finish the sentence , as he turn he back on she in anguish and frustration . lois , a bit hesitantly , go over to he , gently touch he back . lois I be . . . sorry ? Clark turn back to she , look very serious , very upset . continued 379 continued clark you do not have anything to be sorry about . ( in despair ) how could I ? lois maybe you want to . subconsciously . clark do you think so ? lois ( gently ) if not in the depth or you mind , maybe deep in you heart . 380move in closer to they . clark ( soberly ) we would better talk . lois I be in love with you . you know that already . how do you feel ? clark we would better talk . lois I be listen . clark not here . perry will be call at six to find out what 's happen . lois ( a tender smile ) what 's happen . that 's the understatement of the year . well . . . where do you want to . . . talk ? clark now that you know I , I guess it do not matter . you ought to know it all . continued 380 continued lois come very close to he . lois I want to . whatever it be . clark I want you to . funny , I never let myself feel like this before . lois must have be tough . clark ( emotion start to rise within he ) yeah . tough . lois well . . .? clark let 's go to my place . lois you place ? she look down at herself in she bathrobe ; a small warm smile beginning . lois maybe I should change . ( pause ) maybe you should , too . Clark begin to smile same smile , as they look into each other 's eye , for the first time acknowledge and enjoy they love and conspiracy . move in very tight on they and : CUT to 381ext . sky - day long shot -- superman fly through blue sky , lois Lane cradle in he arm . the shot have a magical , fairytale quality to it ; it be every girl 's dream come true . to be sweep off you foot by a knight in shine armor be one thing ; to be sweep off you foot and into the cloud by a knight in a classic cape be quite another . continued 381continued closer on they as they fly -- she be a bit scared , hold he tight around the neck , but she would not miss a second of it . superman ( parody a pilot ) if you care to take a look leave , you will notice we be pass over nome , Alaska . lois look down briefly , then look quickly up at he again , wide - eye , breathless , speechless , capable only of a small exultant laugh as she tighten she arm around he neck . CUT to 382ext . fortress of solitude - day full shot : superman and lois land at the door of the fortress . he set she gently down on she foot . closer -- superman walk to the door and push it open . he then touch the " empty doorway " ( the invisible force field ) with he bare hand . effect : it glow and then fade just as it do for luthor 's neutralizer . all this happen quickly . superman step through it , turn , to see lois still stand outside , dazzle by everything . superman ( hold he arm open to she ) you must be freezing . lois ( softly ) I must be . but I be not. ( look around ) you home . this be you home . superman well , a fortress be not a home . ( he take she hand , lead she inside ) not till now . the door close behind they . CUT to 383int . fortress of solitude - day camera behind they as they stand gaze at the enormous room . he slip a arm around she shoulder . superman no one else have ever be here before . she slip a arm around he waist , grin up at he . lois not even a clean woman on thursdays ? new angle -- lois turn , look away from he for the first time and take in the various aspect of the incredible room . lois what a photo-story this would make for Sunday maga -- superman pull she back to he . superman ( warningly ) lois ! she turn into he arm , end with she face press to he chest . move in tight as he raise she face to he , look into she eye . suddenly , in a rush of emotion , they kiss . it be they first kiss , and it be so good that most of the audience would settle for one like that in they life . superman ( softly ) lois . . . with one hand he stroke she hair as if it be the only wonder of the universe he have not see . superman ( lightly ) so you want to see the place ? lois ( pick up the light tone ) as another lady once say , whither thou goest . . . continued 383continued he move ahead of she , lead the way , and she tentatively reach out and lightly caress he back , put she hand under the cape . he stop , have feel this for just one beat , and he hand go back to catch she , tightly and draw she alongside he . they be very much in love . lois ( look up at he very earnestly ) all my life , all I ever care about be -- ( gesture off ) -- out there . and be snappy about it . well -- ( deep breath ) -- I be not very snappy tonight . ( she lean she cheek against he arm ) and . I do not think there 's anything out there . pan they , widening , as they walk to kitchen area in the far recess of the fortress . CUT to 384int . kitchen area , fortress of solitude - day superman it 's not bad , huh ? lois ( look around this bleak room ) could use a woman 's touch . especially around dinner time . superman dinner . oh , yes . ( a little embarrassed ) I do not usually do much about -- he touch he hand to the food storage unit . the door open , revealing meager content : egg , cheese , milk . continued 384continued on lois -- study the food in there . superman I mean , there 's a few thing -- lois ( brighten ) there 's a souffl , be what there be . superman ( just delighted ) a souffl ! in my kitchen ! he touch she neck as she bend to remove the rood from the storage unit . superman she cook too ! Hidden talent . lois ( a touch dare ) and just wait till after dinner . ( quickly ) now what do I need ? ( look around the room ) Flowers ! superman in the souffl ? lois ( laugh ) on the table , silly . maybe I should not call you ' silly . ' superman ( lovingly ) you can call I anything . ( venture a joke ) as long as you do not call I late for dinner . ( pleased with himself ) Flowers , hmmm ? continued 384continued ( 2 ) lois well , they brighten a room , make it warm . cozy . even a few daisy would do wonder for this place . superman turn , survey he fabulous fortress , find it for the first time rather . . . uncozy . suddenly , swiftly , he turn and start out of the room . superman I will be right back . CUT to 385ext . south african jungle - day full shot : a lush , beautiful jungle in South America , fill with incredible wild orchid and other exotic flower grow in profusion . superman land in the midst of this and quickly snatch up a armful or the most beautiful for a bouquet . have do so , he stop a moment , then suddenly smile , have think of another idea . CUT to 386ext . sky above paris ( eiffel tower ) - day long shot : superman , carry he bouquet , fly past the eiffel Tower in Paris , now carry a bottle of champagne as well . CUT to 387ext . STREET . pisa - italy on the corrugate awning of a souvenir stand as two hand tool it up . as the interior be reveal , we see the content of its shelf : row and row of cheap plastic souvenir lean tower of Pisa , all lean identically ; row and row 's of picture postcard with the same view . pull back and widen to reveal the italian shopkeeper admire he stock as he get ready for the day 's tourist . continue to widen : now we see in the distant b.g. the real lean Tower of Pisa , tilt at the same familiar angle as all this plastic replica . as the man hum happily , zoom past he to a approach blue dot in the sky . continue to hear the man singing o sole mio . CUT to 388ext . sky above pisa - day superman be hum o sole mio as well -- fly blithely , love-struck through the sky , look for gift for lois . but now he notice something that disturb he . superman what the -- my God ! that thing 's go to hurt somebody . he abruptly change course and start a rapid descent . superman must have be a minor earthquake or something . 389 new angle , wide , full shot : approach the top of the lean Tower , superman cradle he present in one arm and extend the other fully brace himself in mid-air and start to push it upright . superman here you go big fella . . . CUT to 390ext . souvenir stand pisa - day as in the open shot : the shelf of the stand right , the owner stand there dusting they , the real lean Tower in bear g. but now , as he stop he dusting to take a automatic look at the source of he success , a remarkable thing be happen . slowly , inch by inch , superman push it into a upright position . the lean Tower of Pisa be not lean anymore ; it 's just another tower . 391 the italian entrepreneur look , go back to he work , then do a incredible double take . souvenir seller mama Mia !!! he clutches he heart melodramatically , look up . 392 Pov : superman fly over and wave down cheerily . superman do not worry ! it 's fine now ! 393onthe souvenir seller : hysterical , smash he ware off the shelf , make vile and obscene gesture at the retreate figure of superman : souvenir seller super-cretino ! stronzo ! CUT to 394int . kitchen area , fortress 0f solitude - day a shy superman present he flower and champaign to a beam lois . lois this be so incredible I hesitate to ask a mundane question . but -- where 's the stove ? superman ( blankly ) stove ? who need a stove ? lois well I expect a lot of . . . new experience tonight , but I be not ready for -- ( gesture to it ) -- raw souffl . superman oh , that 's no problem . the souffl in its dish sit on a table . superman turn to it . 395effect : heat vision radiate from he eye , beam at the souffl . it rise almost instantly , perfectly . 396on lois -- watch in amazement . 397on the souffle -- it get higher and higher . 398new angle lois stop ! ( as he do so ) never overcook a souffl . you will learn . continued 398continued grinning at she , superman take the champagne bottle and merely touch the cork with one finger . it fly out with a mighty pop , bubbly spilling over in classic style . lois ( a sigh of happiness ) it 's so nice to have a man around the fortress . they walk out of kitchen area to dining area , she bear the food , he the drink . CUT to 399ext . desolate plain of the australian outback - day ( but at this point , we do not know it be Australia . from the bleak , arid , desert look of it , it might be the surface of another moon - like planet . ) wide shot of this desolate patch of land , which be really just a large rock outcropping scattered with small pebble . angle down as suddenly , a boot foot come into frame , kick at a pebble . pan up : it be ursa , look very discontent . ursa let 's get out of here . wide shot -- the four in this barren region , against a empty sky . Zod sit on a boulder , take a soldier 's rest . non stand in place , twist slightly , psychotically , make small restless noise . jak - El and ursa pace aimlessly , kick rock . jak -el she 's right . this planet be not a lot of laugh . ursa no I . nothing to . . . play with . non 's neanderthal growl be get louder and more disquiet . jak -el even he 's get bored . he kick at something that make a different sound than a rock . he bend , pick it up . on it : a empty Foster 's beer can . but this mean nothing to they -- it might be another kind of rock . he toss it away . jak -el funny kind of rock . continued 399continued follow the Beer can : it roll to the edge of what we now realize for the first time be a plateau . as it drop off the cliff , widen and pull back to reveal the set and a equally uninvite valley below . on the four : zod enough ! there be nothing here for we . this planet be not capable of support life form . the other rise as well and move in a line to the edge of the rocky plateau , ready to fly off . but as they , so to speak , begin to rev up they motor , a kangaroo come hopping across they line of vision in f. g. , about fifty foot in front of they . with a happy roar , non bound toward it and deck it with one blow . as he let out a triumphant howl : ursa Nice for he . what do I do ? zod ( sharply ; suddenly ) quiet ! listen ! SOUND : the distant SOUND of a car motor and a automobile horn . as they cock they ear in they discovery of Super - hear , begin to zoom past they to mountain in b.g. where we can just make out a shimmer automobile shape , move along steadily . CUT to 400int . police car - day ( note : from here on , actor proficient in Australian regional dialect should feel free to alter the dialogue a bit . but not much . ) seat in the front seat of the car be two territorial police , man in they 30' and in local cop uniform . they be billy and barry . billy ( talk on hand mike to radio contact ) do they bring they two aborigine in yet ? continued 400 continued the radio voice be that of radio operator may . may ( radio voice ) drunk as a pair of wall - eye wallaby . and Joe Harris say say he be not gonna waste good gasoline towin ' in what 's leave of that pick - up truck of theirs . billy well , it only get this bad once a year , May . may ( radio voice ) ( gripe good naturedly ) whoever say wamago have to have the territorial sheep - shearing contest every year ought to be shot . barry ( mischievously ) why , May , be not it you grandpa think that up ? may ( radio voice ) ( after a pause ) so it be . . . and he be shot , come to think of it . billy ( chuckle ) lo - 4 . click off , hang up mike . barry do not see why the territorial patrol can not see fit to send we extra help for this thing . how do they expect two lone peace officer to handle that bunch of beer - soak sheep herder ? billy well , if it get hairy like last year , we will just give a holler and they will send a few trooper in to help . continued 400 continued barry help drink up the beer , you mean . I swear , billy , why be it 364 day a year you never see mor and ten new face in wamago and come the sheep shearin ' tournament , every weirdo that can chop wool come out from under a rock or something ' . may ( radio voic ~ ) billy ? you wife call in . want to know should she hold you dinner . billy ( take mike up ) tell she that 's more and I be able to do since I marry she . the two man laugh . may she will be glad of that . billy ( click off ) 10 - 4 barry I mean , it use to be a man know every face in this part for -- suddenly he eye widen in astonishment at what he see through windshield . barry Holy ! 401 Pov : on the horizon , come down the road , the four villain . they look truly bizarre as always , in they outfit with the addition of astronaut accoutrement , not to mention ursa 's mask and jak - El 's boot , etc . 402on the cop billy some out - of-town entry , look like . good Lord , they be wore and hippie ! this be a wool - gatherin ' not a costume ball . barry they must have run out of gas . billy or whiskey . whichever go first . CUT to 403ext . road - day long , wide : on far leave , the four block the road , on far right , the police car come toward they . the red light go on ; the horn start to blow impatiently . the four , range across the roadway like the apaches in a John Ford western , stand put . CUT to 404int . police car - day barry just look at them . no respect for law and order . billy ( philosophically ) well , it be condemn criminal start this country , Barry , so I guess we can not say the neighborhood 's deterioraitin' . ( lean on he horn ) what be they , deaf or something ' ? CUT to 405ext . road - day zod how crude be this vehicle . continued 405continued jak -el but there 's a surprise in the package . men. ursa men. . . zod I like this globe that flash red like we krypton sun . but not this irritate noise . closer in as the car , move slowly , approach , horn blaring . zod ( stridently ) make way ! CUT to 406int . car - day barry do you hear what that joker say ? godamnit -- he brake the car to a sudden stop . CUT to 407ext . road - day the four surround the car , look at it curiously . the door open and Barry , angry , get out . barry now look here , you besotted bunch of -- non , fascinate by the whirling red dome light , come closer , to examine it . barry Jesus ! how long 's he be in the Outback ? since the Stone Age ? continued 407continued non stare wonderingly , bemuse at the light . suddenly , with a animal - like gesture , he reach for it and wench it off the roof . he stare at it , make odd noise , and then , as if it be the natural thing to do , put it on he head like a crown . billy get out of the car , piss - off . billy what the hell do you think you be doin ' ! you can not -- non growl ominously at he . billy shrink back . billy ( clearly unsettle ) I be callin ' for help , Barry . he start to get back in the car , but General Zod stop he , grab he by he shirt front . zod ( interested in billy 's badge ) what be this symbol ? do you follow another leader ? with that , he yank off the police badge , pin it on himself . barry ( go for he gun ) okay , buddy , you all just buy yourselves sixty day in the -- as both cop pull out they gun : zod a weapon of some sort ? billy ( brave , but shaking ) this gun have you name on it ! 408favoring jak -el : special effect . he turn on he heat -vision . the ray melt the two gun barrel like so much rubber . 409 as the cop stare incredulously at the gun in they hand : jak -el slowest shot in the west . on the cop -- amaze and frighten out of they wit . barry God ! zod ( correct he ) Zod . billy ( anxious to get away ) now look , boy -- and , uh , mar 'am . . . we be not lookin ' to make trouble . . . I know how it be when you have have a few too many ( stare uncomprehendingly ) -- how in hell do he do that ?? jak - El , with elaborate charm and niceness , open the car door . jak -el do not let we detain you , sir . we just want . to make you acquaintance . New in town and all that . you can go now . barry but -- billy do not argue . Barry , let 's just get outta here . they get in they car . jak - El , with a bow , shut the door . as the other stand watch , billy start the motor . jak - El lean in the front window , seem to be interested . in close . jak -el very primitive . how do it work ? billy . . . Internal combustion . . . sir . jak -el ( brighten ) ah! Internal combustion ! and with that he lift one side of the car off the ground and heave it . 410 long shot . the car go off the cliff on the side of the road , tumble over and over , smash against outcrop of rock , finally stop in a smashed heap at the bottom , upside down . a moment later it explode in a roar of fire . jak -el ( o.s. ) he must have mean external combustion ! 411ext . MAIN STREET - australian village - day on a crudely - lettere , hand - paint sign : " welcome to wamago . " pull back to reveal that this be a banner hang over a doorway . as pull back continue a man come racing through the doorway , half - flung , and land in the dirt road before it . now a woman stride through the doorway , she large hand on she large hip . woman ( shouting ) and stay out ! but , a good . - nature sort , she shake she head , laugh as the man run off . woman shame on you . Harry hargitay ! continue slow pull back , widening to reveal that she stand in the doorway of Tim 's saloon . aprone , blowsy , big and blonde , she be the barmaid who take no nonsense from the local tough . her strength and womanliness serve a double purpose : she be the local midwife . this be rita . continue pull back until the entire " MAIN STREET " be revealed . Tim 's saloon , a old general store , a little garage - machine repair shop and a tiny post office with a tall radio aerial on its roof all front on the dusty square of this remote outpost . another banner be stretch over the post office : " wamago annual sheep - sheering festival . " a much larger crowd mill around than be usual in this town , i.e. about 50 folk now , by tonight 's contest there might be 75 . among they , sheep - shearer , the great sharp shear hang from they belt , can of beer in every hand ; herder , wife , kid , and one sad -face . aborigine push a large broom to sweep away the accumulate debris , as well as a ice vendor and a elderly couple dress for a really great event ( of about 25 year ago ) , strolling the square in the shade of she parasol . on rita , moving with she as she pass the store , wave to a lady examine a bolt of cloth in the sunlight , and cross to johnny greer 's Auto and Machine repair -- a ramshackle garage with one gas pump in front . most of 35 year old . johnny greer be under a old car ; he l5 year old son , willie , be pass he a wrench . rita stop . move in . continued 411continued rita be that johnny greer on the other end of that leg ? he slide out - grease begrime , smile up at rita . johnny rita , I girl , there be nothin ' as excitin ' to I as the underside of a low sling chassis . rita ( bawdy flirt ) it 's the car you be speakin of , I presume ? johnny ( with a quick look at he son ; sotto voce ) not around the boy , wouldya ? with a wink , he slide back under . followlng as she move on across the square with easy familiarity , call out greeting to all and sundry . but she smile vanish as she see something . her Pov : a cluster of 3 or 5 sheep - shearer and herder , rough and mean-look . the large and meanest of the lot , a bully name alfie , swig down beer as rita , o.s. , mutter to herself : rita ( o.s. ) ( worried ) alfie 's here . as she speak , alfie crush the beer can in one fist , and drop it in the dirt just to the right of the aborigine who be pass , push he broom . rita ( o.s. ) . . . startin ' earlier than usual . . . the aborigine , doggedly follow he regular path , miss the beer can . alfie shove he violently , knock he to the ground . rita ( o.s. ) . . . and meaner than usual . continued 411continued ( 2 ) as the aborigine get up and scuttle off , alfie roaring with laughter , there come a o.s. call : pregnant woman ( o. S. ) hope I do not need you today , rita . pan to a young pregnant woman wave at rita . on rita -- grin back . rita like I tell all my lady -- today I be not deliverin' , only pourin' . cheery again , rita cross to the clapboard post office . a formidable black harley - davison motorcycle be park in front . she open a screen door and enter , call : rita May ! May ! CUT to 412int . post office - wamago - day dusty , cubbyhole , cluttere with stamp roll , papers , use tea cup . only one object be immaculate -- a polished ham radio sender- receiver . seat before it , headphone on she gray head , be may -- the sharp - tongue old lady hear earlier who now spin around as rita 's booming Voice penetrate . she remove headphone . may damnit , rita , you scared I to death ! rita yeah , well I have I a scare too . alfie 's back in town . you radio Officer billy and tell he not to take he time gettin ' here . may ( fiddling dial , to mike ) Calling car 15 . come in , car 15 . continued 412continued rita ( pace ) we do not want no trouble today . may come in , car 15 ! ( twist dial , frown ) nothin ' . not a sound . damn ! I mean , that be most peculiar . CUT to 413int . tim' SALOON - day Dark and crowded and hardly elegant . even before noon the action be in full swing on the big day . rita enter in b.g. and take she place behind the bar to help Tim who be frantically serve . some sheep - herder be sing , bang mug . at the bar , one drunk be unaccountably and terrifyingly cut another 's hair with he shear while two other double up with laughter . at the large table , in the center , the main activity be arm wrestle . burly alfie , he sleeve roll up to display a massive arm , be take on all comer . we see he easily best a large tablemate , then chug -a- lug another beer down . none of which account for the look on the loser 's face as we dolly in to closeup . his jaw drop as he stare at the door . man gor blimey ! hey , alfie ! alfie turn too : what they see : General Zod , non , jak - El , and ursa have just enter . on the table alfie ( ready for some sport ) well , I do not know we be to have a freak show this year : just look at they pansy ! pal one I get eye for she , though . always do like a kinky bit . continued 413continued pal two ( shouting ) hey , vampire ! show we yer fang ! on ursa , mo . full -- enraged , eye blaze , she step forward about to do just that . Zod lay a restrain arm on she . zod ( quietly ) not yet . on the group alfie ( take this for cowardice ) bugger off , boy scout ! go play with you badge . she need a real man . pal three ( as non growl , indicate he ) I think that one 's the boy friend . new angle , wide -- a classic western shot . alfie ( taunting ) Nah , that 's a gorilla . ( gesture to bartender ) hey , Tim , another beer ! and a banana for my friend there ! as all laugh , alfie wiggle he finger provocatively at non . alfie wanna play , cheetah ? non charge forward , but suddenly , before he can get there , ursa be there , sit across from alfie , elbow on the table , hand open , ready to arm wrestle . with a snort and a laugh , alfie take she hand . the fist clench together . instantly she flick he arm down . as she do so , there be a horrible SOUND of something snapping . continued 413contiuned ( 2 ) consternation . alfie leap up , he arm dangle , as ursa smile . he be scream : alfie my arm ! May arm ! she break my arm ! ( he can not believe it ) she break my arm ! he stumble out into the square , moan with pain . pal two ( leap up , charge at they ) hey , you bloody bast -- non seize he immediately and in one easy move fling he through the glass window . instant pandemonium in the bar : people scream , trample each other to get out . CUT to 414ext . square - MAIN STREET - wamago - day mo . wide - the people pour out of the bar , stumbling over each another in panic . in f. g. alfie be on he knee , clutching he arm , lean over the break body of he pal . rita run over . rita he 's dead ! he 's dead ! quick cut : confusion in the crowd on the square . on the general store : the old proprietor head out with a bayonet , probably a wwi souvenir . his wife pull he back . wife josh , you get right back in there ! old proprietor ( disappointed ) oh , maude . . . continued 414continued on the garage -- johnny greer emerge hastily from under the car . johnny what 's that ? what 's happenin ' over there ? willie I do not know . . . it look bad . I think -- someone get kill ! closer : johnny yank open a cash register drawer , pull out a revolver , and ( follow , hand - held ) head towards the square . willie ( run after he ) dad ! dad , wait up ! on the post office -- as rita reach it in a dead run , fling the door open . CUT to 415int . post office - day May still , placidly try to make radio contact . rita May ! get out from under that can ! no ! no -- do not ! get Officer billy , fast ! may ( querulously ) well , I can not , rita ! I have be tryin ' , Lord know , I be not just twiddlin ' my -- rita ( high emotion ) well , call somebody ! call Doc randall ! we get trouble ! may ( switch dial ) alfie ! rita ( tersely ) worse . continued 415continued may 074 ! 074 ! Doc ? voice come in , static may hallelujah ! Doc randall ! come in ! CUT to 416int . two engine plane - day closeup of a surprisingly young and rugge medic , a fly doctor " who service the outly sheep community . this be doc randall . as yet , we do not see that we be in a plane . he click on mike . doc someone sick , May ? because I be not due there till Thursday -- ( pacifyingly ) . . . okay , okay , May , if you need I now . I will be there now . CUT to 417ext . village square - MAIN STREET - wamago - day wide : jak - El , stand in front of this post office . the crowd be still there , but stand well back from he . CUT to 418int . post office - day may ( to radio ) God bless you , Doc , we be truly grate -- CUT to 419ext . village square - day wide : ( effect ) jak - El turn on he X - Ray vision . CUT to 420 Pov : May on the radio . CUT to 421ext . village square - day full shot : jak - El soar up to the roof of the post office . as he do so , a incredible gasp from crowd : a man can fly ! CUT to 422int . plane - doc randall - day doc ( easy , soothing ) hey , keep you bloomer on , May . I be on my way . but what 's the -- ( listen , frown : static ) May ? May ? CUT to 423ext . roof post office - village square - wamago - day jak - El , in mid-air , be shaking the radio aerial , flipping it back and forth like a toy . CUT to 424int . plane - day frown , Doc randall quickly hang up he mike . pull back to reveal that we be in the plane cockpit . disturb , he push the stick forward . CUT to 425ext . plane - sky - day it fly forward , accelerate . CUT to 426ext . roof - post office - village square - wamago - day jak - El , after one last flick of the aerial , suddenly snap it off . angle down : it crash into the street . the crowd scream , back up further . new angle -- the Old proprietor sneak out of the General store with he bayonet and join the crowd . on jak - EL : on the roof , smirk . jak -el we interrupt this program to bring you a special announcement . pan down with a sweep of he hand as direction to Tim 's saloon as General Zod emerge , follow by non and ursa , who stand behind he like storm - trooper . Zod pose : arm akimbo , fearsome , he voice loud and commanding . zod I be General Zod . you ruler . a murmur break out ; he raise he voice , stilling it . zod yes , today we begin a new order ! each of you -- every man , woman , and child -- will march proudly in the new order ! you land , you livestock , you home , you very life , will gladly be give in fealty to I ! General Zod ! new ancle : a sudden outburst . the Old proprietor rush forward , unable to control himself . on he old proprietor what kind or people be you ? what kind of monster -- ! wide : Zod and the old man face each other in the square ( crowd at edge of frame ) : Zod be silent for a pause , then continue . zod and in return , you will have my generous protection . in other word , you will be allow to live . if you refuse -- new angle : Zod turn slightly , toward the old proprietor . then : 427special effect ( heat -vision ) : he emit a heat - vision ray from he eye . we follow the ray to the old man . as the ray strike he , he burst into flame and burn like a cinder . the crowd scream . 428on zod -- smile he cruel smile . zod -- you will be make a big mistake , do not you agree ? track with Zod as he move from he place and walk across to where the remain of the the burnt body lay ; he bend , pick up the bayonet , and -- still smile , fasten it to he belt . zod ( stiffly , to the crowd ) dismiss ! crowd shot : suddenly out step johnny greer , grimly determine raise he pistol . when he have a clear shot , he take it -- at Zod . no way he could miss . he fire . 429on zod : the six bulet bounce off he . on johnny : astonish , lowering he gun . back off dumbfounded . johnny greer you be not . . . you be not . . . a man . favoring ursa , mo . : she advance on johnny greer , vamp . ursa ( mockingly ) but you be . . . johnny beat it , sister . I have see you kind before . ursa you never will again ! she knee he in the groin with the force of a howitzer at close range . johnny scream and fall to the ground . Willie , he son , instantly run out , wildly fling himself at Zod , punch he . Zod do not even feel it and swat the boy to the ground , stun he . rita rush towards Willie , look imprecatingly at General Zod . continued 430 continued rita he 's only a boy ! zod ( softly ) and he may never be a man . Zod snap he ringer at non , who advance menacingly as rita throw herself over the boy 's sprawle body . CUT to 431int . fortress - dine area - night mo . close shot on the table -- dinner be over . superman and lois sip they coffee . the light have be dimme , the beautifully arrange flower have be push to one side to facilitate they tete - a- tete . we can tell from they manner that they have be talk seriously for some time . move into tight two shot and pan from one to the other , sometimes on dialogue , sometimes holding on the one who be not speak to see reaction . lois it must be terrible have to be Clark Kent . superman oh no ( very honestly ) I really like it sometimes . ( smile ) and if it be not for he , I would not have meet you . - lois but he be you . ( laugh ) it 's all so confusing . she rise , stand smile down at hip as he smile up at she . superman it be sometimes . ( reach , take she hand ) but not anymore . continued 431continued lois no . I guess the only question be -- ( it thrill she ) what do I put on the mailbox , Mrs. superman or Mrs. Clark Kent ? ( move away ) why do not you think about that while I . . . ( not really kid ) . . . slip into something comfortable ? and off she go . as she disappear , hold on he a beat , he smile fade , he face suddenly troubled . CUT to 432int . bedroom - fortress - night on lois , happily open she handbag , beginning to pull out something beautifully filmy , which she have the foresight to bring along . CUT to 433int . memory tape area - night as a worried - look superman remove the last memory crystal from the first wall and insert it . contrary to he usual practice he remain stand -- almost a bit defiantly -- as jor - El appear . jor -el kal-el ...my son ... I have try to anticipate you every question . ( disturb ) this be the one I hope you would not ask . be you sure ? superman ( with quiet passion ) Father , I love she . 434int . bedroom corridor - fortress - night lois emerge from the bedroom , radiant in a beautiful peignoir , definitely a woman ready for a night of love . but as she start down the hall she be startle to hear : continued 434continued jor-el ( o.s. ) if you have succumb to this love of a earthling - superman ( o.s. ) it be not succumb , it 's -- track with lois , confuse and curious , as she hurry toward the source of the voice , turn to a interior balcony . 435 wide , long shot : the interior balcony , at the rear of the vast chamber , overlook superman and jor - El below , some distance away . here lois stand , make no attempt to hide , as she observe this , to she amazing confrontation . jor -el -- then you be right to see that such a feel be incompatible with you life . superman ( desperate ) what can I do ? May I never have she ? 436quick closeup lois : the glow go , as dismay as superman . 437two -shot : jor -el and superman 438quick closeup lois : in whom this news induce a mixture of amazement , anxiety , and wild hope for happiness -- the last be strongest . quick closeup superman : on whose face we see the same conflict emotion . but before he can move or lois speak -- 439on jor - EL : almost fade now , he suddenly click again and reappear , he face now distress , he voice full of uncharacteristic emotion . jor -el kal - El , think . no one can harm you now . but , if you do this , you can be harme . continued 439continued superman ( startle ; then readily , almost lightly ) I will take my chance . jor -el and the planet that have nurture you - its people who have show you kindness , respect , admiration - will they take they chance ? quick closeup superman -- confuse and guilty in the face of this moral indignation . wide shot : the whole area include lois on balcony as jor -el continue . jor -el ( relentlessly ) be this how you would repay they admiration ? be this the example you would set they - to abandon the weak the defenseless , the needy for the sake of one 's own selfish pursuit ? superman ( stung ) selfish ! but they get a chance at happiness - jor -el ( cut he off implacably ) your be a higher happiness . the happiness of you mission . ( persuasively ) the happiness -- pure and quiet -- that you feel inside every time you safe a life , every time you inspire other to seek the best in themselves . ( quietly ) my son , you can not deny that feel . on superman : nodd slowly . under the burden of this argument he sink into a sit position on a nearby platform , look up now at he father . continued 439continued ( 2 ) two shot : superman look up at jor -el . jor - EL kal - El , you can not so quickly have forget my teaching - superman ( look up , defensively ) I have forget nothing - jor -el then you recall what be say by one of the great writer of you planet ; ' and this above all , to think own self be true . and it shall follow as night the day - ' as he be say this last line , superman rise abruptly and turn away from he father . he be now face lois / balcony but he do not look up . stare straight ahead in despair he finish the line . superman '... thou can not not then be false to any man ... ' jor -el ( quietly ) I leave you with that think , my son . a click and he disappear . 440 two shot : a beat of silence as superman stand still , look at nothing . unbeknownst , on the balcony above , lois be in the same position , stare out unhappily over he head . she begin to speak quietly , almost to herself . lois funny , be not it ? here I be -- as he turn , look up and behind he : continued 440 continued new angle , long : reminding we of a very famous balcony scene in the position . superman ( look up , startle ) lois ! lois superman . ( she lean on the balcony , bitterly ironic ) wherefore art thou , superman ? deny thy father . . . ( a sad smile ) no , maybe father know best . that be you father . . . ? superman ( awkwardly ) yes , well , he be just -- we talk . I mean , we can communicate through . . . crystal . ( he gesture to wall with first shelf of memory crystal ) everything I know be in there . ( gesture at wall with second shelf of unplay crystal ) what I still do not know be there . lois you have not listen to that ? superman not yet . I have not need to know what they tell . lois ( bitterly ) maybe they have get some advice for the lovelorn . for instance , lois Lane , the girl who always get what she go after . ever since I be a little girl . you name it : straight a 's , editor of the school yearbook , a job on a newspaper , byline , top salary . once I set my sight on something . . . well , I guess I set my sight too high this time . continued 440 continued ( 2 ) superman ( deeply move , he start up the ramp towards she ) no , you do not ! closeup lois lois no , I do not , do I ? no man be good enough until somebody just . . . ( a sad smile ) . . . fall from the blue . impossible . sure , for other people , the kid who always get what she -- her voice choke ; she turn she head away . reverse : he be there , beside she . superman ( reach out ) lois -- two shot : she pull away , try to control herself , move swiftly down the corridor , say : lois I be okay , I will be okay . she be stop at the end of the corridor by large glass door lead onto the exterior balcony . as he approach , she turn suddenly to face he . behind the star-cross lover be the starry arctic sky ; the icy landscape gleam in moonlight . lois ( bravely ) but I do do it , do not I ? I do get the man I love to love I ? superman ( this be very hard on he ) yes . continued 440 continued ( 3 ) lois that 's what 's funny . I get everything I ever want . I even get the one thing nobody else could have . ( bitterly ) and now I can not have it . because everybody else need it . I understand , oh , how I understand . I try awfully hard not to understand , but I be not that selfish . they need you ( quickly ) not more than I do . nobody need you more than I do . ( soberly ) but I would be buy my personal little rainbow at the cost of all that people . the one who say , ' help . come. Quick . now . ' while I would be say , ' stay . be with I . do not go . stay home . ' and pretty soon , it would be a toss - up whether you hate I more or I hate -- on superman -- he find she thoroughly admirable , especially now . closeup - lois lois I be go to say , ' whether you hate I more or I hate I more . ' because that would happen sooner or later . ( desperately ) I would hate myself , superman . ( get hold of herself ) no , when you get down to the bottom line , I have get to live with lois Lane . alone or not . and I have get to like she . you do not know how much , right now , I want to say , ' who care about you great . . .' mission , be not that what he call it ? but I be not a bitch . not that much of a -- ( it overwhelm she ; she begin to weep ) I will be all right . ( a fake laugh ) just some schoolgirl tear . ( wipe she eye ; get herself together ) listen , I be tired , okay ? I just want to go somewhere and -- and lay down . continued 440 continued ( 4 ) superman be terribly touch and upset by she love for he and she sacrifice . slowly he move a few foot down the corridor and open the bedroom door she emerge from earlier . superman ( awkward ) here . the. . . bedroom . lois ( try a smile ) I know . I have be think about it all day . ( as she approach ) but not like this . ( at the door ; next to he , a deep breath ) well . . . tight two shot : suddenly he move to take she in he arm . lois no. ( about to cry ; she move away and push the door open ) no , let 's not . . . start anything we can not -- she break off , push quickly past he into the bedroom and close the door behind she . hold on superman -- extremely upset , grieve . he turn and walk away from camera , shoulder stoop . then he stop and look back in the direction of the bedroom . 441effect : x-ray vision 442his Pov ( with X - ray vision ) : lois have throw herself on the bed and be cry into the pillow , she body wrack with sob . 443closeup - superman -- he can not take it anymore . superman I love she . I do not want to lose she . suddenly , with the look of a man who have just make up he mind , he turn and rush down the corridor . superman I will not lose she ! with a look of determination and purpose , superman stride to the molecular restructure chamber and enter it . CUT to 444cut to int . molecular restructuring chamber - night the heavy door automatically close . superman go to the crystal panel - bank and pass he hand across certain crystal ( or push a button , or whatever the activate technique be ) and then lay himself down on the transparent , forbid slab . he close he eye . effect : the very specific light change begin , employ certain key color , laser effect . move spotlight in a recognisable order and pattern -- all of it quite spectacular -- denote the machine work . as the process continue : dissolve to 445ext . village square - wamago , australia - day wide : all hell have break loose . the General store have be demolish , fell . a number of body be strewn about . the town banner hang limply tear . Three or four escape sheep roam through the devastation . a lot have happen since we have be away . one small knot of sheepherder -- diehard , resistance fighter -- be in the surreptitious huddle . non stand by what be leave of the General store : jak - El be now in front of johnny greer ' 's garage by the gas pump ; ursa stand with General Zod , who , as we join they , be in the middle of another speech . zod ( menacingly persuasive ) . . . and so you see , we will have you . . . cooperation . . . continued 445continued on the sheep - shearer huddle : as they guardedly unchain they shear 's from they belt . track quickly with the four as they make a rush at jak - El , shear raise . they all fall on he , stabbing wildly . insert : the shear ' blade break and snap off against jak -e . wider : the assassin fall back , astonished , jak - El grab the handle of the gas pump , press the trigger : gas gush out as he turn toward Zod , with a wide grin . jak -el hey ! do you catch that ? they think they be hot stuff ! 446 and he blow on the gas gush out of the hose . effect : heat -vision cause a blowtorch effect , the shoot flame ignite the four sheep - herder ; who flame up like tinder . even as they do , the gush gas spread the fire and ignites greer 's garage . 447on the post office : May rush out , dress in jodphur , furious , uncow , brandish a fist at General Zod . may hooligan ! break my radio , will ya ! she leap on the motorcycle ; step down , gun it . may I will get someone to fix you wagon ! and she zoom off from the stand start , a old lady daredevil take off for ( in b.g. ) the rise of the nearest hill . it be a comic image for a moment -- a evel knievel parody -- until : on zod -- watch she . zod we fix the wagon around here . he nod to non . 448on non : special effect : a cold ray from he eye . this be ice - vision . angle up to May : travel at breakneck speed toward the top of the hill , about to make a turn as the ice vision hit . the handlebar freeze and lock ; so do the pedal . a look of panic on May 's face ; a instant later she be hurl from the bike , spin through the air , fall over the crest of the hill . 449on non and zod -- Zod give he ward a appreciative nod ; non look pleased and proud -- a evil child . suddenly they hear something : SOUND : the noisy , chugging motor of a small , ancient airplane . 450 angle up : approach overhead , Doc randall 's plane , with ' Flying Doctor " paint proudly on its fuselage . 451angle down on the crowd : look up at the plane with great hope , as if see they savior . a audible sigh of relief . 452on the plane , near ccckpit : Doc randall stare down in disbelief . doc ( on he radio ) May I come in , May I what the bloody hell be go on ? May ? where be you , May ? 453doc be Pov - the four , below , suddenly fly up toward the plane . 454 new angle : on the plane -- they arrive , place themselves along the plane fore to aft . together they tip the plane with a light toss . it fall , wobble wildly just outside the square . follow its descent as it spiral down out of control , the engine now smoking from the interference . groans from the crowd . jak -el geronimo ! the plane crash , smoke spiraling , and explode . 455on the square - favoring zod in front of terrified crowd zod ( ranting ) no escape ! no escape ! there be no escape ! be you sufficiently convinced ? medium full -- on a section of the crowd where we notice a boy about 9 year old , on the edge of the crowd in front of Tim 's saloon . pretend to be listen to General Zod , he be in fact squirming backwards through the crush , never look away from Zod , but slip towards the rear all the while . zod ( o.s. ) you will remain here ! we will remain here ! no one leave wamago alive ! by now , with careful backward stride , the Boy ( we follow ) break cut of the back of the crowd . he dart around the back of the saloon . 456ext . behind the SALOON - wamago - day as Zod rant on o.s. , the Boy run to a old graze mare tethere behind the saloon . in one jump he be on she back , loose she rope , cling to she neck , ready for the wild , bareback ride . boy ( whisper prayerfully ) go! go , betsey ! nothing . for one agonise second it seem as if the old horse do not even comprehend the command . boy ( despair ) oh , betsey -- please ! then , with a toss of she head , the mare catch on and , with the Boy cling for dear life , gallop off toward the horizon and toward help . CUT to 457int . MAIN room of fortress - day OPEN on tight closeup of a stunne . lois Lane . lois i. . . I do not know what to say . reverse -- on clark kent ( now in the glass , shirtsleeve , tie , etc . ) clark say you love I . new angle : lois you do it for I . you give it all up for I . . . clark ( simply ) I love you , lois . half in tear , she hug he . continued 457continued lois oh , Super -- ( correct herself ) I mean -- clark yeah , that will take a little get use to . a strain grin . lois ( pull back ) regrets ? ( she turn away ) I mean , after all you father say -- clark ( not look at she either ) look , the world get along without superman for a lot of year -- ( get it together ; perhaps more cheerful than he fee1 ) -- but the Planet can not get along without Clark Kent . lois ( uncomprehend ) the planet ...? clark the Daily Planet , lady , that 's what it say on we paycheck -- ( pointedly ) -- which I be now go to need . and we can not exactly get back to collect they by the same mode of transportation that get we here . lois ( realise it fully now ) you be really not superman anymore . . . continued 457continued clark ( chipper ) that 's what I keep try to tell you , mar 'am . so let 's get a move on . he give she a quick , husbandly peck on the cheek . clark now , where 's my gray suit . . .? 458ext . village square - wamago , austrailia - day full shot : ina file beyond the square , the remain of two down , wreck Army fighter plane . reverse zoom , come toward the square , past the body of dead soldier , then past a group of tie - up , pen - in soldier , finally to one end of the square where four hang and truss - up body -- four of the toughest rancher and herder we see before -- be hang like carcass . crane shot begins with a vertical pan down from these body which then pull back and open very wide to show the village square : there be a long line of people -- the conquer , frighten survivor of the holocaust . totally beat and in thrall now , they look like people we use to see in that yearly ceremony of subject bring booty to the aga Khan on he birthday or conquer people lay up they store for a bandit thief . for indeed these survivor of wamago be line up with they tithe , not gold and jewel in this case , but whatever meager possession they could come up with : a old radio , some family heirloom , watch , a clock , a feather boa , and of course five or six baby lamb cradle in the arm of they owner . pan down this line , seeing this detail , as well as the frighten , defeat face . before we reach the end of the line , however : 459cut to the far end of the line . in the center of the square , a crude , bizarre spectacle : on a makeshift " throne " make from somebody 's old , batter armchair , sit General Zod . on a chair beside he , like a queen , be ursa . non , ever menace , stand beside the " throne . " and -- sprawle at they foot insolently smirk -- in the classic jester post ( leg cross , head rest on arm ) be jak - El . a large table be set up before they ; on it , one at a time , the villager lay they bounty down . at the head of the line be now a old woman -- the elegant one we see strolling with a parasol earlier -- weep as she lay down some old ring and a pearl necklace . old woman it be I mother 's . . . it 's all I have get . continued 459continued jak -el that 's all you have get ? what a swell life you must have have . ( as she stumble away ) why not kill the old one anyway ? they be depress . zod they have swear they allegiance to I . jak -el so what ? what be they go to do if a enemy attack -- gun they to death ? a man at the head of the line lay down a lamb . ursa ( a look of distaste ) another one of that disgusting animal thing . they be disgusting . zod it 's the think that count , my dear . 46lext . australian outback - road - white cadillac - day luthor and Eve in back . Albert be drive , or rather -- at this moment -- stop and honking he horn at a koala bear who be lazily crossing the road . as it pass and the car continue forward : CUT to 462int . cadillac . - day luthor have the black box on he lap ; it tick audibly . the car radio plays music . luthor ( very " up " ) I do not know how they will not love this deal , y'know ? y'know ? unlimite freedom to do anything they want -- kill , crush , maim , destroy -- eve John , Paul , ringo , George -- continued 461continued luthor in return for which they get lex luthor 's back ! ( ego -trip ) lex luthor 's savvy ! lex luthor 's keen mind guide they career in a world they never make ! lex luthor protect they interest -- eve ( this drive she crazy ) you be practically a saint , lex . luthor ( lean over , kiss she cheek ) you be cute . eve I say ' practically . ' luthor what would I be without you witty little jibe to keep I on my toe , miss teschmacher ? happy , that 's what I would be . australian radio announcer voice ( urgent , somber ) we interrupt this program to bring you a special update on the crisis in wamago . luthor aha ! radio announcer voice the little village continue to be the site of mount casualty as the four invader appear to have defeat two unit of the National Guard place on emergency status . Air Force headquarters in Melbourne report that -- luthor ( rub he hand together in glee ) better and better ! eve ( to Albert ) the last time I see he this happy be when the asian flu hit town . 462ext . village square - wamago , australia - day where the four be still receive tribute , seat on they " throne . " jak - EL I be bored . what be we stay here for ? ursa ( equally disenchant ) where else be there ? jak -el ( rise , petulantly ) there must be someplace else ! even the phantom Zone be more interesting than this . as he look at the table of booty , angle down as a farmer 's hand place a watch and a old Bible there . the farmer leave , as the loot continue to pile up . hold on it , as : zod ( o.s. ) leave ?! you fool ! I be the leader here ! jak -el leader of what ? this bunch of garbage ? if I see one more rusty watch -- suddenly , on top of the pile , a hand place . . . a contract and a pen . pan up to see lex luthor . he smile nervously , rapidly chew kleenex . luthor howdja do , luthor 's the name . no doubt you have hear of I . lex luthor , great criminal on earth ? ursa I tell you this be a puny , backward planet . luthor ( seize the open ) you think this be earth ? listen lady . . . ( correct himself quickly ) uh. . . Ms. this be nothing ! this be the lounge . with you talent you should be play the main room . y'know ? y ' know ? zod we know everything . include the method of you death . he signal to non , who start toward lex . continued 462continued ursa no , let I break he bone . he irritate I . luthor wait 'ii you get to know I better . lookit -- I can take you to the land of you dream . building that touch the sky -- just wait to be knock down ! a land of opportunity ! there be million of people to beat up on . jak -el ( get interested ) where be this place ? luthor I know you would love it . a helluva town . the bronx be up and the -- zod hold ! should we believe this hairless slug ? luthor I will let that pass this time , my general , because you be not exactly Mr. Universe yourself . zod ( enraged ) Mr. Universe ! I be King of all the universe . destroy hi ! as they move menacingly toward lex : luthor I ? I can show you the bright light ! the big time ! ( play he trump card ) the son of jor - El ! reaction : the four look stunne at this news . can not believe what they hear . non utter a howl , fist raise . zod the son or jor - El ? jor - El we jailer ? luthor no , jor - El the baseball player . of course jor - El you jailer ! continued 462continued ( 2 ) jak -el ( almost salivate ) his son ? his son be on this planet ? luthor Daily . zod how do you know of this ? how do you know about jor - El ? luthor ( in command of the situation ) with all due respect , you grace , I tell you before I be about the best there be . non growl loudly . luthor second best . zod ( wild with passion ) revenge ! we will kill the son of we jailer ! luthor terrific ! I hate he , too . believe I , you have never see a showoff like he . he fly around -- zod ( musingly ) he fly as well . he have power as we do . . . luthor sure . he 's a landman , be not he ? but he 's only one . you be four . ( look at non ) or five even , if you count he twice . y'know ? continued 462continued ( 3 ) on the four - seethe with anticipation . zod we will bring he to he knee ! jak -el pray . zod yes ! to I ! ( to luthor ) when can you take we there ? luthor what time 's the next flight out ? CUT to 463ext . road - CANADA - day a rent car tool down the highway , Clark drive , lois beside he . CUT to 464int . car - day they look very happy and cozy ; she snuggle up beside he clark get tired ? lois ( content ) I wish we could just drive forever . clark I be sorry this car have not get a radio . lois who need a radio ? we make beautiful music together . continued 464continued he put a arm around she , hug she to he . lois tire , no . hungry , yes . clark ( quite serious ) we will look for a place where the truck driver 's stop . that 's always a sign the food be good . 465int . diner - day mo . wide as Clark and lois enter a diner . in f.g. the counter be mostly full , but two stool next to each other be unoccupy . clark I just want to wash up . grab that seat there . he go right , out of frame and lois occupy one of the counter stool . as she pick up the menu to study it , a big , burly , ornery trucker enter and take the seat next to she . as lois start to protest , Clark come into frame . lois I be sorry , that seat 's tak -- trucker ( ignore she ; to counter girl ) coffee and doughnut . clark Excuse I . that 's my seat . trucker oh , yeah ? I do not see you name on it . clark I be sit with the lady here . trucker I do not see no lady here . tension be thick immediately . continued 465continued clark now look , buddy . you do not have any call to insult -- trucker who 's gonna stop I , four-eye ? closeup - clark , bristle with indignation . clark somebody ought to teach you manners . trucker ( rise ; he 's big ) you wanna try ? clark ( grim ) why do not we just step outside ? closeup - lois , look very fearful . CUT to 466ext . diner - day l.a shot of the trucker , out cold . on the ground . 2 . a shot of Clark , stand in front of he . 3.a shot of lois Lane , flushed , stand behind the fall trucker , a break Coke bottle in she hand . clark what do you have to do that for ? lois what be I suppose to do ? stand by and let he kill you ? clark I could have take he . continued 466continued lois you think you be some kind of a superman ? clark ( defensively ) I be still in pretty good shape , y'know . lois it 's time you learn the fact of mortal life , darling . such as the cost of bridge work . clark but -- lois ( gently } I be not say you might not have beat this gorilla , but there would have be break glass , break tooth and break who -know - what before you do . listen -- I just get a man . I would like to keep he in one piece . as Clark stand there , frustrated , she come to he , drop the bottle and hug he . lois it be not no bed of rose be human , kiddo . she give he a sweet little kiss on the tip of he nose . CUT to 467ext . metropolis - day long shot : on the West side highway , load in to the 96th St. ramp , there be a incredible traffic jam of car , truck and station wagon leave the city . something very odd about this , which instantly show we it be not a normal situation : on the top of the car be suitcase , trunk , even item of furniture , bird - cage , etc. , tie on . it look like a modern - day okie caravan . the car be pack with family . in addition , we see certain yellow school buss , which have be paper with sign on the side read " evacuation transportation . " everywhere , police in car and on foot be evident , try vainly to keep the traffic move new agngle : the one lane of the highway lead in on the city have be block off with a police barricade . a cop car be plant there as well , and a policeman look in annoyance as one lone car approach : the rent car with Clark and lois . he start wave they back . CUT to 468int . car - day Clark and lois totally befuddle by what they see around they . lois what in the world -- ? clark I know a lot of people go to the country for the weekend but this be -- 469ext . west side highway - day the car advance , come to a stop and the cop halt they . cop awright , where d'ya think you be goin ' , mac ? clark what be this ? what 's go on ?? cop what 's goin ' on ! whaddya , blind ? lois we have be out of town , officer . cop doncha listen to the radio , for God 's sake ? the man from Mars have land . clark the what ?? cop do not ask I , buddy . all I know be all hell 's break loose and I get my order , nobody get in . so why do not you be a nice fella and -- continued 469continued favoring lois : she reach quickly in she purse and pull out she wallet , flipping it open to she Press card . lois ( hold it up ) Press . let we through . cop now look , lady -- lois it you want to get the commissioner on the phone to discuss the rights of the press , I be sure he would be glad to talk to -- cop ( not too thrilled ) oh geez , you be lois Lane , ain'tcha . I see you on the tv plenty of time . he start to move the barricade aside . cop okay , folk . but you be not gonna like what you see . 470ext . various metropolis street - day a series of shot of street , look like London during the blitz . small fire raging . certain building collapse into rubble . Fire hydrant knock over , water spout uselessly . National Guard truck , pack with soldier , riding down empty street . Police riot squad guard break store window . the ambulance , siren scream , speed down break street . CUT to 471int . perry white's office - day closeup - perry white , look very harass . phone ringing constantly . perry four of them . Three ugly guy and a broad that look like the Queen of the runway . they can fly , they can do that heat vision fire thing -- everything superman do , they do . reverse : a shocked Clark and lois talk to he . lois but how -- perry the theory be when superman set off that bomb in outer space , he break they out of some kind of jail they be stick in . Clark -- a look of ashen horror . the guilt trip descend like a sledgehammer . lois what do they want ? perry superman . the son of something or other , they call he . they want superman by midnight or they level the city . they already make a pretty good start . new angle :. door open and two reporter enter look pretty beat . first reporter I get the casualty figure , Chief . I do not know about run the picture , though . the hospital look like a battle station . second reporter what about the interview with the Mayor ? perry send Goldberg . second reporter Goldberg 's . . . one or the casualty figure , boss . a beat of grim silence . continued 471continued perry Jesus . . . he gonna be okay ? the reporter shrug . perry well , get somebody . . . anybody . . . in the door come Jimmy Olsen . jimmy i' ii do it , Mr. white. ( as perry hesitates ) please . I can write it . I have be a copy boy for a long time , Mr. White -- I know what make a good story . . . ? a pause . perry look at he . then , gruffly : perry awright ! but do not expect a byline on you first story , Olsen ! as a eager Jimmy rush out : lois what about I ? perry get I something on this superman bomb angle . background . hit hard on the cheap irony angle . Kent , get on the lex luthor angle . clark ( what ??? ) lex luthor ?? ? be not he still in priso -- perry he 's they front man . come fly into town with the four of them , blow kiss to the crowd . like a sultan on a fly carpet -- hey , that 's not a bad whatchamcallit , simile . he pick up phone . continued 471continued ( 2 ) perry yeah . two column . box the number . a printer race in with a front page dummy : giant headline metropolis attacked ! he wait for perry to approve it . perry ( to Clark and lois ) what d'ya stand there for ? move ! follow Clark and lois out to : 472int . CITY room - day where it be bedlam and chaos , as the staff cope with the emergency . lois ( realize ) you must not feel . . . I mean , how could you have know ? clark ( overwhelm ) yeah . . . how could I . . . lois what can you . . . I mean . . . closeup clark : jaw clench . tight -lipped . clark something . I have get to do something . he turn , start quickly for the elevator . she turn after he , fearful . lois but you can get hurt . you will be -- clark hundred of innocent people be be kill , lois . because of superman . they want superman . if they get he , maybe they will . . . he leave the sentence unfinish , turn and enter the elevator . the door close behind he . hold on lois , frighten . CUT to 473int . costume shop - day tight on a tv set : sit on a shelf next to some dusty old costume hat : sombreros , Roman legionnaire helmet , etc . on the tv screen be a somber middle - age man , seat at a desk bear the great seal of metropolis . this be the mayor and he be in the middle of he talk . mayor -- and we continue to wait and hope for some word from superman before that midnight deadline . meanwhile , as you Mayor , I can assure you that all that can be do be be do . Civil Defense unit be do a magnificent job in the stricken area . all leave have be cancel in the police and fire department . the President have declare the city a disaster area and order National Guard unit to be post on full alert . School bus and private car be be use to evacuate child , the age and the infirm . a list of the evacuation center will appear in a moment . meanwhile , I urge all citizen of metropolis to stay off the street . . . as this go on and the crawl appear with the address of evacuation center , pull back to reveal a very bizarre image : a old jewish man hold a gorilla costume , cross the little costume shop . rack of typical outfit hang everywhere . the old man be the proprietor of the store . proprietor look , you get war -- depression -- mugging . ( shrug ) so now you get mushuganah fly in the sky . believe I , it 's always something . hoodlum , gangster , Muslims -- all I know be Al felshman be alive and kick , thank God , and people always need costume , also thank God . you sure you do not want the gorilla ? very big this year . he cross to a curtain dress booth and open the curtain . in there stand Clark Kent half in a ill-fitting , somewhat baggy and fade superman costume . as he put he arm in the top part and zip it up : clark ( adjust the shoulder look at himself in the mirror ) no , thanks . Mr. felshman . this be fine . continued 473continued proprietor ( chacun a son gout ) so , I will put it nice in a box for you -- clark do not bother , I will wear it . proprietor ( sure this be another meshuganah ) suit yourself . clark ( by way of explanation as he put on raincoat and hat ) I be in a hurry . he start out . the proprietor walk he to the door . 474ext . midtown STREET , metropolis - dusk wide : even be come on ; the sun be set . in f.g. a troop transport truck roll down 5th Ave. , somewhere around the Plaza , fill with National Guard soldier , bayonet in they hand . pan with it as it turn down across street . in b.g. riot squad metropolis Police be station at the end of the street , tense , edgy . from around the corner of ' the street the truck come down , now emerge a curious sight : Clark Kent , " disguise " in raincoat , hat and glass , but with he red superman boot stick out the bottom . trudge along oblivious to the world around he , he be mutter to himself like you average New York nut case . closer on he : clark ( practice a phony tough voice ) all right , the jig be up ! ( in he own voice and rather dismay ) not , that 's not right . . . ( try again ; deep voice and a accompany gesture ) now you have go too far -- you have make I mad ! continued 474continued suddenly , from o.s. a loud voice : voice hey ! you ! Clark whirl , look in the direction of the call . new angle : teo riot squad cop across the street see he . first cop everybody off the street ! that include you ! clark right . right , I be about to . quickly , he walk around the next corner . follow he . on the cop -- one look at the other , make whirling finger gesture to the head , meaning " another nut . " on clark -- track with he to a con Edison construction site --- a hole dig in the middle of the street , a wooden barrier in front of it . he duck under it and quickly descend into the hole . CUT to 475int . von ed . hole - dusk a short iron ladder drop to a ledge down there . as Clark reach the bottom , pull back to reveal : 476int . sewer tunnel a vast echoing sewer tunnel ; we hear the rush of water . he walk a few foot to the leave , then suddenly stop . he remove he coat and hat and lay they down , then take from the raincoat pocket a screwdriver and two firecracker , he lay the firecracker carefully on the raincoat ( to keep they dry ) and kneel . hold the screwdriver . what be he up to ? closer on he as he begin , laboriously , to unscrew a breaker panel on the floor of the tunnel . CUT to 477int . luthor' office - dusk as we hear a bell ( rather like be alarm ) ring long and loud , we be on a bank of tv bank monitor , each of which be label -- Park Avenue entrance , fifth Avenue entrance , 62nd Street entrance , 59th Street entrance . a light on this last set be blink . widen shot to include luthor , Albert , and eve. luthor ah , visitor ! now who could be drop in ? as Eve begin hastily smoothing she hair and fix she lipstick as if for some real social event , luthor press a button on the tv monitor . the image appear . insert : clark - superman laboriously unscrew the breaker panel to gain entry . 479on luthor -- for a moment , he be shook up . luthor he 's early . what 's he rush ? albert ( scared ) we be alone ! that four say Midnight ! he will hurt we ! luthor start back towards a tunnel : luthor think I will go for a walk . but suddenly , he attention be arrest by what he see on the tv : 480his Pov the tv screen on which we see Clark - superman unscrew the last screw as we hear luthor exclaim : luthor ( o.s. ) ( startle ) a screwdriver ? all of a sudden he 's get respect for property ? ( as C.S. remove breaker panel ) what happen to the old razzle dazzle ? ( as C.S. pick up firecracker ) what now ? albert ( o.s. ) ( helpful ) firecracker . I believe . luthor ( o.s. ) I know that , Albert . I just do not know what . . . as Clark - superman take out a book of match , we hear a sudden exultant cry from luthor . 481on luthor very excited . luthor ( Eureka ! ) ah , but I do know ! I do know ! ( excitedly ) it 's the machine ! three shot - a tiny , but significant pause while lex wait for they appreciation and they regard he blankly . luthor ( impatiently ) that machine at he place .. y'know ? y'know ? ( to Eve ) you think it be the lady ' room , and I tell you it be a molecular restructure thing ? well , the fly fool must have put himself through it . ( it 's delicious , triumphantly ) and he 's not fly anymore ! he 's lose he power ! he go and restructure he molecule ! continued 481continued eve but why would he . . . luthor ( snappish ) how do I know , miss teschmacher ? I be not he shrink . thank god. ( happy again ) our be not to reason why , ours just to enjoy , enjoy . on luthor . gleefully , practically rub he hand together , he sink into a great regal armchair to enjoy , enjoy what be to come . luthor boy and girl , get ready for the great show on earth ! CUT to 482int . tunnel shaft Clark - superman remove the breaker panel and then , just before he jump to the room below , light and drop the firecracker . CUT to 483int . lex luthor' hall a pitiful son et lumiere show . the firecracker bang and in the little puff of smoke , Clark - superman land in a fierce pose like a ordinary guy try to act like superman ( viz. George reeves ) . strike a heroic pose . clark-superm.an ( the deep phony voice again ) all right , luthor . what be you try to pull ? wide shot as Clark - superman stride towards luthor . luthor ( enjoy ) and what be you try to pull -- my leg ? continued 483continued Clark - superman stop in he track , confuse one last try : clark-superman ( the deep voice ; warningly ) the jig be up , luthor ! luthor ( to Eve and Albert ) cheap shtick ! do you believe it ? the fella do impression . ( to Clark - superman ) can you do cagney ? that 's my favorite . ( do it himself ) ' you dirty rat . . . ' ( himself again and sneering ) you act need work , kid . and you could start by take the price tag off you tochis . on superman : a confuse and embarrassed superman , feel around and indeed find the price tag still dangle . humiliate , he pull it off , toss it angrily on the floor . on luthor : rise from he chair now . luthor ( contemptuously ) you be superman , huh ? okay , try this . feed the pet . he gesture towards the alligator tank . on superman : confuse , look at the tank . on luthor : a evil grin . luthor feed them you foot . ( scornfully ) you be not superman anymore than I be . probably less . a inspiration . track with he as he cross quickly to a wall where hang a pair of heraldic cross sword , part of the rococo decor of the lair . he seize one and whirl around to confront Clark - superman . continued 483continued luthor I think I will cut you down to size . he begin back he into the hall , toward the alligator tank . wide shot : Albert and Eve flatten fearfully against a far wall as , in f. g. luthor and Clark - superman square off and circle each other warily . luthor ( brandish the sword ) have at you ! 484 int . luthor' hall waving the sword " wildly , but with some menace , he be back Clark - superman towards the alligator tank . feint , ducking , superman climb the ladder . luthor in pursuit . luthor ( do all the move ) thrust ! Parry ! bullseye ! and he hurl the sword right at Clark - superman . it whistle through the air . on clark -superman , feint at the last moment . the sword miss he by a inch and stick , quiveringly , in the wall behind he . they move onto the ledge , above the tank . wide shot : and now the advantage be with Clark , who advance on luthor ready to try throw a merely mortal punch . but luthor immediately begin shadow - box , darting quick blow at Clark - superman . surprise , Clark - superman can only keep ducking and feint . luthor stop abruptly ; they be at a standoff . luthor ( to Albert ) well . Albert , it look like we will not . . . ( a wildly significant look ) play ball . y'know ? ( as Albert look blank ) y'know ?? the light dawns in Albert 's face and he nod quickly . continued 484continued tight two shot : luthor and Clark - superman face each other . Clark - superman look frustrated and humiliate , luthor smile mockingly at he . luthor Big mistake , pal . because it 's the bottom of the ninth for you . wide shot : and Albert be now creep up the ledge behind Clark - superman , wield a baseball bat . luthor ( still smile ) and lex luthor have last lick ! and on that last word we be on superman , full shot as the baseball bat come crash down on he head with incredible violence . we hear the mighty crack and expect to see he head split , but it be the bat that split . inexplicably , not a hair be out of place . a series of quick closeup -- reaction shot : Albert stare at the jag butt end of the bat in he hand ; a wide - eye Eve , a shocked luthor , literally back - tracking and last and most stunne , Clark - superman , touch he head in gingerly disbelief . wide shot : everybody in shock , luthor recover fastest . he gesture towards the break bat . luthor ( explain ) they do not make that thing the way they use to . ( quickly ) the brick Albert , the brick ! ( as Albert scurries for it , to Clark - superman , almost reassuringly ) this should do it . Albert run at superman , obviously about to brain he with a flip of he brick . on superman : venture something . concentrate , he aim he heat -vision . ( effect ) we hear a cry of pain from Albert . on albert : shaking he smart hand , stare at the melt brick he 's drop . continued 484continued ( 2 ) on eve : she look very nervous , a fluttery smile flitting on she race . she begin chew on the chain she wear around she neck -- whatever be its pendant be under she sweater or blouse . eve ( quietly , timorously ; to herself ) oh , boy , be I gonna get yell at . . . on luthor , who have not even look she way , still stare at superman in disbelief . luthor impossible ! on clark -superman : just as bewilder . superma.n beat I . . . on eve : cast o'er with a sickly pale . eve ( to herself ' ) ' clumsy , butterfingered idiot , ' he 's go to say . ' how could you . . . ' she finger the necklace . on luthor : frustrated , suddenly a wild hope . he run to he office ; superman follow , as do the other . luthor wait ! do not move ! I have get it here somewhere . . . 485int . luthor ' S hall - night two shot : search frantically , luthor start pull out desk drawer . superman take a large bronze candlestick off the desk . be he go to brain luthor ? no , he 's testing he power , bend it easily in half . on eve : watch this with sick dismay . eve ( tiny voice ) in ten second , that 's when he will start yell . ten second I give it . ten. . . nine . . . continued 485continued wide shot : as superman carefully replace the ruin candlestick , luthor straighten up . luthor voila ! he have find what he be look for : a Thompson sub -machine gun . luthor ( confident again ) okay ! ( to superman , as if he be about to take he picture ) could you just face I a little more ? and Clark - superman , in a increasingly happy daze , comply on eve : eve Seven . . . six . . . 486on luthor : he squeeze the trigger and fire off a round . 487on superman : the bullet bounce off . luthor ( hysterical ) but it 's impossible ! you do go through that machine , do not you ? superman ( furious ) Machine ? how do you know about that machine , luthor ? luthor i. . .uh. . .was in you neighborhood and . . . superman break and enter , that 's a felony with a fifteen year jail term . I will just add that on to you . . . on eve : by now she be look white with anxiety . continued 487continued luthor but it be perfect ! it restructure molecule ! it have to work ! a masterpiece of engineering ! all right , at first I do not understand about the cadmium oscillator , but when I examine the power source . . . ( babbling on wildly ) . . . I mean , I see it ! when this clumsy butterfingered idiot here knock over one of the . . . suddenly he come to a dead stop , Fire in he eye . on eve : eve two. . .one. . .zero on luthor : turn to Eve , in a scream rage ! luthor you ...you ... you clumsy butterfingered idiot ! on eve : eve ( quietly ) blast off . new angle : luthor ( weakly ) that - that - that crystal , that red thing you drop , do not you . . .did not you . . . with a gulp , like a kid catch with he hand in the cookie jar , she pull the necklace pendant from she bosom . it be the glow red crystal from the machine . eve ( a teeny weenie voice ) you ... mean this ? ( weakly ) I think it be pretty . continued 487continued ( 2 ) luthor pretty ?! it 's beautiful compare to what you go to look like !! he charge at she , but be stop midway by the grasp hand of superman , which lift he a foot off the ground . superman hold it ! 488new angle as superman grab he enemy , we note that he seem suddenly to expand in power and musculature . as if by magic , he costume be no longer baggy or ill-fitted or fade . his very be seem to have the old aura back again . superman ! superman ( hard as nail ) now , you pitiful little crackpot , you be go to start tell I what I want to know or you foot be go to feed the alli . . . suddenly , as luthor tremble in abject cowardice , the voice of general zod boom out in the vast lair . zod ( o.s. ) luthor , you insignificant insect ! you promise we the son of jor - El ! where be he luthor ? fulfill you promise or prepare to die on the ... immense relief flood over luthor be face at the SOUND of the voice , as the startle superman let he go and look up . 489angle up : stand , foot plant apart , arm akimbo , on one of the steel cross-beam be General Zod . scatter on other ledge high up be ursa , non , and jak - El . luthor ah , General ! I think you would never get here . I do not suppose you have meet , have you . superman , this be some folk from you old home town come to say hi . well , I will just let you all have a nice little chat now I be sure you have get all kind of thing to talk over -- old friend , old memory , sing the old school song . . . continued 489continued zod ( stentorian tone ) Son of jor-el ! at the sound of the hate name , non roar . superman what do you want of I ? zod I be General Zod ! superman Big deal . zod ( stridently ) you will bow to the four of we ! especially I ! wide , long : the four above , Zod point down to superman imperiously . superman I think you need to be take down a peg . 490 and with that : effect : a beam of heat vision shoot from we hero 's eye and strike the steel beam Zod stand upon . it glow and melt beneath he foot , send Zod crash down to the floor . 491 instantly : jak -el ( deprecatingly ) oh that . who can not do that ? 492 from they three perches , the three beam heat vision ( effect ) on the floor superman stand on , cut a section around he as neatly as a laser beam . 493new angle as the chunk of floor give way and send superman crash down to the basement level . debris and dust fly . 494on luthor , eve and albert : watch wide -ey , scared . luthor my carpet ! be careful of my carpet ! on superman : a bit stunne as he lift himself out of the debris . superman ( wonderingly ) this be go to be harder than I think . zod ( above ) now , son of jor - El ! kneel and beg my forgiveness ! ( hold out he hand ) you will kiss my ring ! superman ( point to he monogramm chest ) you can kiss my ' S . ' 495 he hurl a chunk of break metal at the leaping jak - El . follow it : as jak - El duck , the metal smashes against a wall , not merely crack it , but bring the entire wall down along with its painting , scabbard , book , etc . 496on luthor and eve : he be apoplectic . luthor ( sputtering ) stop it ! stop it ! this be my home ! you be destroy a man 's home ! eve ( tentatively ) try to think of it as interior decorate , lex . luthor ( homicidal ) I will decorate you interior , you stupid , screw up , smart mouth . . . eve ( run from he ) do this mean we be not engage anymore ? continued 496continued new angle : zod yield ! Son of jor - El , I command you to ' yield ! superman that will be the day . ursa ( contemptuously ) he be even more pathetic than he father . miserable weakling ! and with that she lift a heavy marble - top table in the air , over she head . luthor not that ! it 's chippen . . . and she fling it full force at superman , follow it : he dart away , as , to we amazement , the table go not five or ten foot , but whizze across the full length of the room , smash the opposite wall . it crash the wall down , crack a iron water main pipe conceal in the wall . closer : a the pipe crack , gallon of water begin gush into the lair with the force of geyser . 498reaction : luthor , eve , albert . . . in a panic . luthor a bucket ! Albert , get a bucket ! zod humble yourself , son of jor - El ! bow to you leader ! on superman : as ha take off , fly up toward Zod . superman you sure like to hear yourself talk , huh ? well I be just go to have to close that mouth for you . 500 new angle : as superman come , Zod give the signal to non . with a cry , the beast spring from he perch and charge full - force at superman , but he with he head squarely in the chest . the terrible blow have a remarkable effect on superman . for the first time he be hurt . reeling , he let out a cry of pain , which be truly frightening to we who never hear that before from he , and fall to the ground . ; a beat of terrible silence . superman ( amaze , rub he chest ) pain . . . this must be pain . . . on eve : a look of pity . eve awww . he be always a real gentleman to I . wide zod admit defeat , obstinate fool ! bow and proclaim Zod you master ! superman ( rise ) you , a master ? you be nothing but a slave to you own sick mind . on zod : seethe with rage . zod so , this be the answer , be it ? on luthor : as he see it 's go to start again . luthor ( pitifully , almost in tear ) aw , c'mon , people , can not you go and play somewhere else ? zod still you resist ! then other will pay for you stubborn attitude ! innocent people . ( as if it be a insult , spitting it out ) humanity ! 501 and with that , he leap from he place and fly straight up through the hole in the ceiling . luthor I think they would never leave . ( suddenly in command again ) Albert , get a broom . miss teschmacher , the mop be in the utility room , what be you wait for , a print invitation ? ( as they scurry off ; to superman ) would you mind move out of the way ? I have get a little spring clean to do here and you be in my . . . suddenly , o.s. , come from above on street level : a horrible scream of people in pain . 5uvmed . closeup - superman : his reaction be instantaneous . he fly straight out and up . CUT to 504 ext . CITY STREET , metropolis night as superman emerge , a terrible sight await he . we be in the intersection of a busy midtown metropolis section . on one corner , a tall , modern glass - fronted skyscraper . on another a big department store . a hospital building down the street . the area be well light , not only by street light , but by big electric sign advertising various product or name various company , which sit on the roof and ledge of the surround building , the Daily Planet building among they . one of this gigantic sign have be topple , crush about twenty people in the middle of the intersection . many be dead . some crawl away , hurt . other people , a large crowd , be run in panic from the apocalypse , take shelter in the lobby of the department store , crush into the available space , to avoid the devastation take place . ( note : the follow scene , although detailed carefully here , move at rapid pace , one event follow another in fast cut so that there be no time for reflection on the part of the audience , nor ) for that matter , on the part of superman . ) in quick cut , then : 5051 . the wide shot and various angle , showing what have just happen . 5062 . Survivors of this first disaster , yell , run to the safety of the department store entrance . 5073 . superman see all this , look up to where the sign fall from . 5084 . pan up : jak - El , giggle have push the sign . as he leap from the now - empty rooftop , over the skeletonic sign foundation , pan to General Zod , on another height . zod Son of jor - El ! bow ! bow and acknowledge the superior power of General Zod ! 5095 . intercut crowd see superman . superman rush to the fall victim , when : 5106 . jak - EL , on another ledge , push over another sign . it fall with a crash , injure the slower of the flee people . zod kneel ! swear loyalty to Zod ! stop in he track , superman -- for whom everything be happen too fast , faster than he can stop it -- race to the second sign , when : o.s. : scream of young child . 511on superman : who spin around to see why . 512his Pov : non , across the street , hold over he head a mini school bus , which have be convert into a evacuation vehicle , as evidence by the sign post on its side , the suitcase on its luggage rack . Inside the bus , about 15 child , a few nun , a driver , scream in terror as non rock the bus from side to side as he hold it aloft , send the passenger tumble over each other . 513on superman : superman no ! 514 new angle : before he can , non hurl the school bus at the side of a concrete building . it crash and explode . superman do not ! do not do this ! why be you do this ? jak -el Cause you be so cute when you be mad . continued 514continued zod on you knee , son of jor - El ! o.s. the biggest scream yet . many people in a panic . 515on the department store : the mob that take refuge in there now come charge out , in panic and hysteria , scream . 516closeup - superman : he do not know why . CUT to 517int . department store lobby - night wide shot : behind the flee crowd , be a wall of flame . behind the wall of flame be ursa , heat -vision emanate from she eye , as she force they into the open . CUT to 518ext . department store - night as the crowd rush out into the street . CUT to 519ext . roof - department store - night angle down , wide , over the back of jak - EL , he hand poise on the enormous electric sign of the Department store . just as the crowd below turn out into the target area , he tip the sign over , screeching with glee : jak -el bomb awayyyyyy ! 520 the sign crash down on the crowd . enormous destruction . zod bow down ! bow down and submit , you son of jor - El ! as if he be say " sonofbitch . " 521on zod : drawing himself up to full strength on he lofty height , he aim he ferocious eye at what be across the street . 522wide : ( effect ) the beam from he eye hit the vast glass front of the skyscraper . on the glass fronted skyscraper : a crack appear , with a mighty SOUND , like the crack in a egg - jag from top to bottom . a instant later , the window start to pop and fly , some burst out into the street , some go inwards . intercut : 5231.shots of office worker hit by the fly glass inside , scream , fall . closeup of face cut , eye bleed , head cover with break shard of glass . panic . hysteria . 5242 . shot of superman : unable to prevent it . horrify . 5253 . shot of zod : shouting he importunity . the other , wild . 5264 . the crowd on the STREET , that who have survive , mass together , be amaze at superman 's inaction . cat call and expression of disappointment . some yell , " get them ! get them ! " 537on superman : he stand there , impotent , not know where to turn . then : voice of ursa superman ! over here ! 528 pan up , wide : jak - EL be now on top of the Daily Planet building , sit astride the great electric globe that festoon the roof of the newspaper office . non be now on the ledge of another building across the street . Zod be on he perch , right angle to non . complete the square be ursa who sit on the awning of a building whose faade read metropolis children' hospital . jak -el come on , local boy , make good . ursa ( taunting ) be de widdle man tired ? zod we notice a pavilion in the child 's hospital dedicated to you . why do not you check yourself in with the rest of the sick and weak ! 529on superman : look every which way , a terrible inner struggle go on inside he . jaw clench , fist tight , he stand immobile . 530 on the crowd : wait , watch . 531on superman : he fly up , as if to confront the villain , but then , halfway there , he suddenly whip into a turn and zoom away , darting off through the building into the night . he be go . 532on the crowd : some can not believe it . expression of dismay . two black kide , 8 and 10 , with " street smart " beyond they year , look at the sky , they cynicism confirm . first black kid ( scornfully ) huh. superman do not even do nothin' . second black kid ( call up to the sky , the ultimate put -down ) jive turkey ! the sound of the awful laughter of the four can be heard :. 533on the rooftop : the four be rock with laughter . jak -el never even throw a punch ! ursa a coward like he rather . like all man . as non growl horrendously . zod ( delighted ) and do you see he face when I ask he to bow and he . . . ( the laugh stop suddenly ) . . . he do not bow . ( look wildly around ) where have he go ? where be he ? CUT to 534int . lex luthor ' S hall - night a very delicate operation be in process . Albert stand none too steadily at the top or a rickety ladder hammer a metal patch on the break water pipe , while Eve , half way up the ladder , pass he nail , and luthor , at the foot of the ladder , steady it . Signs of hasty repair be everywhere : bucket , towel , pan , etc. press into service . luthor if I never see any of they again , it 's too soon for . . . 535 suddenly , with a mighty whoosh , the four villain descend from the hole in the ceiling , knock down the ladder as they do , cause Albert to fall , the patch to come loose , the water to start gush again . luthor ( beside himself ) why I ? why I ? be not there any other louse in this city who deserve grief and heartbreak ? do it always have to be . . . non grab he by the neck , and growl , tooth show . luthor ( try to smile ) hi , there . zod ( angry ) where be he ? where be the son of jor - El ? luthor can not you people ever hold onto you property ? again with where be . . . ( suddenly brighten ) ohhh , lose he , have you ? non release he . luthor brushes himself off . zod where have he go ? favoring luthor : as he get the old confidence back . with a strut and a stagger and a wink to Eve and Albert ; luthor it so happen I be the only one in the world who have the answer to that question . ursa where ?! luthor not so fast . this time we make a deal . continued 535continued zod deal ? General Zod make a deal ?? luthor ( blithely ) suit yourself . kill I if you want to . ( as non approach ) what will it get you , aside from a national day of ' mourn ? deal I in and you get you pigeon . zod where do he go ? luthor the address ? what for ? more of ' that ' bow , yield , kneel ' routine ? I see it . it be a flop . a floperoo . zod ( pure hatred ) no more or that . this time we will kill he ! non howl . zod kill he ! luthor n.g . he 's as strong as any one of you . zod but not as strong as the four of we ! one by one , we fail . but together . . . together we will tear he limb from limb . on eve : tremble , she back away . luthor ( exultant ) now you be talk , y'know ? y'know ? ( grab a kleenex pop it in he mouth ) any of you folk care for a. . . well , anyway . do we have a deal ? continued 535continued ( 2 ) jak - EL what be it you want , earthling ? luthor I figure you will take over the world in about a week , right ? right . well , it 's a big place , the world . and my need be small . as it turn out , y'know , I have a certain weakness for beachfront property and . . . zod ( enough already ) what do you want ? closeup - luther : a big smile . luthor Cuba . CUT to 536int . fortress of solitude - night a brood , disturb superman , he face a portrait of torture emotion , sit at he master console , look at a tv screen . as he brushes back a lock of hair , wince from a bruise , which we see for the first time , move into tv screen until it fill our frame . 537insert : on the tv screen be see the back porch of the White House in Washington , D.C. where the PRESS secretary be hold a news conference , surround by gentleman ofthe press . PRESS secretary ( very serious ) the President have ask I to read the follow statement . ( read ) ' this be grave and terrible event , which threaten the very existence of we planet . I have , therefore , as you Commander in Chief , place all armed force on emergency status . all leave and furlough be cancel until further notice . there be little we can do against interplanetary force bent on wanton destruction , however . we must look to a higher power and pray that the five creature abandon they willful activity and allow we to live in peace . ' continued 537continued reporter Excuse I , do you say ' five ' ? I do not understand . PRESS secretary yes , five . the President ! consider superman equally responsible -- perhaps ' irresponsible ' be a better word . . . for this terrible destruction . 538revese from tv screen to superman watching : stung to the quick , he get up , switch it off , walk toward the area where , he communicate with he father , almost literally stoop with the weight of the world on he shoulder . pan he over to the shelf where the memory crystal be keep . he take one of the last crystal on the second wall - the wall where luthor get he information -- and walk toward the activate device . CUT to 539ext . sky - near NORTH pole - night the four villain be fly . luthor ride on non 's back . luthor ( to ursa , fly alongside ) my ear be pop , y'know . she turn away in disgust . luthor no drink . no movie . this be the last time I take a charter flight . CUT to 540int . fortress of solitude - night jor - El have materialize and be listen to superman 's grim tale . superman . . . but I could not save the world . my be there just make thing worse . jor -el so you come here . contiuned 540 continued superman ( nodd ) and here I sit . . . ( bitterly ) in my own little phantom Zone . stay out of trouble . ( shake he head ) but I be kid myself , be not I ? I have just default . . . leave the world to they . jor -el ( nodd quietly ) and sooner or later they will find you anyway . superman ( despairingly ) be not there anything I can do ? amazingly , the image of jor - El begin to fade away as if he have click himself off . closeup - superman : terrible anxiety . then , suddenly , the image of jor - El grow to full strength again . a forthright expression in he eye . jor -el there be one solution . and only one . CUT to 541ext . sky near the fortress - night luthor there ! down there ! zod I see only ice . luthor trust I . do I ever let you down ? the word down become a gibber cry , as they suddenly zoom downward , lex hang on for dear life . his race look like it 's be pressured by 800 ge . luthor if you people could just do something about this turbulence problem , we could put twa out of business . 542int . fortress of solitude - night on superman : as he stand by the control panel of he console , push various button , activate various crystal . we do not know exactly what he be do , but it sure look important . voice of luthor yoo hoo ! anybody home ! hey , stupid man ! you have get company ! 543 superman activate the mechanism ( same one Albert fool with earlier ) that cause one wall of the fortress ( effect ) to become opaque / transparent so that he can now see what be out there . 544what he sees : the four and luthor , range across he " front yard . " luthor do not blame I , dummy ! you be the one who blow it ! all you have to do be compromise a little - I mean , so you kneel once , what 's the big deal , a little dust on you knee ? but no , you have to be macho man . they would have make you a deal , y'know . you could have be king of the United States maybe ! at least Governor of North dakota ! but no , you have to go and make they mad . hey listen , superman , can you hear I ? when this guy get mad it male I look like winnie the pooh . now they want to kill you ! what can I say ? I be go to miss we little chat , y'know . y'know ? hey , in there . . . send up a flare , or something . let we hear from ya ! during this , CUT from superman 's inside Pov to : 545ext . fortress of solitude - night zod enough of this ! Son of jor - El , prepare to die ! ( to non ) smash the door ! non rear back and hurl himself at the door . the second he hit it ( effect ) : a enormous zap ! of kryptonian electricity send he reeling he back , stunne . he lie in the snow , do not know what hit he . jak -el let 's take it from the top . jak - El , leap to the roof of the fortress . 546on the roof : as the wiry imp crawl between icicle point , look for a mean of entry , a second set of icicle - like point suddenly rise from the roof , intersect with the first group . as this touch jak - El ( effect ) : another zap ! of electricity goose he up and off . he fall to the ground . 547on the ground level : they all cluster around Zod , feel a bit foolish . luthor I do not know . . . for I the door be always open . zod we have forget we plan . four . we be four . it be the strength of four that will defeat we enemy . he gesture to they , manipulate they into a fly wedge , point at the doorway . zod together ! now ! in a fearsome display of raw power , the four leap , fly like bullet , and hit the door simultaneously . again there be a tremendous zap ! of electricity , but it be not strong enough to withstand they combine super- power . the door crash and split and they be inside . CUT to 548int . fortress of solitude . - night as they race in , each look around wildly for they prey , smell blood . behind they , luthor trot in . wide : but. . . the enormous interior seem to be empty . no sign of superman . zod show yourself , coward ! Son of a coward ! CUT to 549int . molecular restructuring chamber there be superman inside . he can see they through the glass window . quickly he put a red crystal -- a duplicate of the one we see on Eve 's necklace in its proper place in the crystal panel bank . then , he fling open the door and stand in the doorway of the chamber . superman anytime ! come and get it ! CUT to 550int . fortress of solitude - night the four see he now , and , with cry of fury , begin to race toward the chamber . superman take a few step inside . but , when they be almost there : luthor ( yell frantically ) no ! do not go in there ! it 's a trap ! it 's a trap ! new angle : the four stop in they track . quick closeup - superman : look upset . luthor do not set foot one in that thing ! I know what it be ! it 's a molecular restructure thing ! zod ( snarling ) a what ? luthor it make you into a earthling ! it turn people like you in to . . . ( feel funny say this ) . . . people like I . on the four : they shrink back in horror , then turn appreciative eye on luthor . zod we could have be . . .! ( to luthor ) you have do well , lex luthor . we will award you this Cuba place . on superman : he glare dagger at lex luthor . he look as furious as we have ever see he be . superman luthor , you poisonous little snake . . . continued 550 continued on the four : a gleam of pleasure appear in Zod 's eye . zod a earthling ? ( savore it ) it turn a kryptonian into a earthling ? luthor ( smile ) like a man into a mouse . ursa ( almost salivate ) then a ' Super ' man . . . jak - EL . . . become a Super mouse ! zod ( a sadistic smile ; he first smile of the movie ) my friend . . . this amuse you General . ( suddenly ; frighteningly fierce ) seize he ! they spring at superman and grab he -- literally limb by limb , one on each leg and arm . it be a awful spectacle , as superman vainly kick and struggle , he eye contort with fear . superman no! no! please do not ! his plea be in vain . . . they hurl he into the chamber . Zod slam the door shut and seal it . zod lex luthor ! ruler of the Cuba place ! activate this machine ! make the child of we jailer into a crawl slave so that we may destroy he as easily as . . . on luthor : as he run toward the chamber . luthor say no more , General . it 's my pleasure . and he push the start mechanism . immediately : 551wide : something odd ( to we , not to they ) happen . the sudden spectacular change of light , colour , spotlight and so on that we see earlier when superman enter the chamber begin to happen again . . . but this time they happen in the entire interior of the fortress , and not in the molecular Restructuring Machine . shot : 1 . wide as the light change . 2 . inside the machine , superman sit bath in ordinary room light . 3 . the color and light pass across the face of the villain - red , green , blue . but this time a new color , or set of light change , occur -- something we do not see the first time when the machine be lack one important crystal . at last the process end . the light in the fortress return to " normal . " the four , as well as luthor , observe all the phenomenon with curiosity , but now that it seem to have end they be grin with anticipation , each want to be the one who get the first shot . jak -el let I . . . ursa no , I want to . . . non emit , a mighty howl . zod ( evil benevolence ) non. . . my faithful non. . . you may do the honors . favoring non : practically drool with anticipation walk to the chamber and open the lock . move in : see superman in there . hesitantly , he walk out the door , stand in front of non . with a idiot grin and a lunatic grunt of amusement , non point to he chin , which he proffer , as it to say , " go ahead , hit I . " superman stand there a moment . ( mother of mercy , be this the end of Rico ? ) . now he clenches he fist . now he raise he arm . now non grunt mockingly . superman haul back and sock . 553whamm ! the punch send non fly across the entire length of the entire room , crash into the far wall , out cold . 554quick reaction shot : ursa , jak - EL , zod , luth0r . . . how could this be ??? on luthor : a gibber idiot , try to figure it out , terrify . luthor he. . . he switch it ! the old switcheroo ! he be on the inside look out , we be on the outside look . . ( blather ) the wrong place at the wrong time ! it be not fair ! he turn it around ! put it in reverse ! how could he do it ? mo , closeup - superman : with a beam smile , he look skyward and make a jaunty little salute . superman thanks , dad . new angle : ursa , spitting with rage , charge at he . ursa I will kill you ! I will destroy you ! as she spring at he , fingernails out , he grab she , yank she over and turn she over he knee . superman this be how we treat naughty girl on earth , ursa . he spanks she butt soundly . she howl . on zod : cower in a corner of the room ; jak - El behind he . new angle : superman dump ursa on the floor , stalk towards the General . he grab he by the lapel with one hand . zod no ! superman General Zod , consider yourself dishonorably discharge . 555 with he free hand , he strip the epaulet from General Zod 's shoulder . then , grab he with both hand , he raise he and hurl he across the room . Zod crash into jak - El and both wind up in a heap . 556on luthor : on he knee . luthor ( tremble ) listen , superman , do not do anything rash . do not be hasty . I will be nice . I will be you best friend . I will change my way . Pov : luthor : angle up , superman , advance on he . superman now then , luthor , as for you . . . luthor ( o.s. ) please ! I will turn over a new leaf . a hundred leave ! tree ! forest ! superman ( come closer ) too late , luthor . CUT to 557int . molecular restructuring chamber - space closeup luthor : ( the CUT to the closeup make it seem as if we be still in the fortress . lighting on luthor 's face be the same , so we believe the follow line be come immediately after superman 's last speech ) . luthor ( wildly hysterical ) no ! no , do not hurt I ! please do not hurt I ! camera pull back : suddenly we see that we be now inside the molecular Restructuring chamber , but still tight on luthor , so that it seem we be still in the fortress . luthor you , can not kill I ! I be a genius ! I be lex luthor ! I be the only one who can get we out of here ! continued 557continued pull back continue and widen : now we see that lock inside with he areGeneral Zod , ursa , non , and jak - El , and outside the window be nothing but the black void of outer space . zod every bone in you body , luthor . ursa limb from limb . limb from limb . jak -el you get we into this ! ursa limb from limb . luthor ( wheedling , connive , figure , hustling lex luthor to the last ) gimme a break , I be the only one who can get we out of here ! ( wave he slide rule ) give I time ! I will figure out a plan ! they advance on he , cornere he in the glass cage . luthor y'know ? ' y'know ? y'know ? y'know ? 558pull back through space . the chamber get further and further away until it be merely a dot , lose among the star . then : a circular frame appear around this view of the starry sky . CUT to 559ext . roof of skyscraper - osservation tower ( empire state . build ) to reveal the source of the circular view . a telescope on a observation platform . Eve teschmacher be look through it . she wave sadly into space . CUT to 560int . DAILY planet - CITY room - day two shot : by the elevator , where Clark Kent , have just come in , be stand still -- literally hat in hand -- for a dress down by perry White . all the while , Clark stare over perry 's shoulder with a look of puzzlement . perry c'mon , Kent , you be the tenth guy to do that number about the subway not run . when I start out . . . back before the wheel be invent . . . reporter know how to walk to work . ( turn to go , a word of advice ) a little exercise would not kill you . reverse as they turn , and we now see what have be bother Clark - beneath a great jag hole in the ceiling stand the huge electric globe which be on the roof until jak - El start cavort on it . obviously , as a final gesture , he send it crash down into the middle of the room . plaster and dust be all around it and workmen with rope and tackle be struggle to budge it . perry ( shouting to they ) the world be too much with I ! will you get that thing out of here ? ( to Clark ) a parting present from the fly freak show . ( to the panting , puffing workmen ) where be I suppose to put my movie critic ?! ( to Clark ) he say it be the best thing he 's see in year . but he think he would work at home . . . ( raise he voice to the workmen ) . . . while they take they sweet time ! and off he stalk . hold on Clark , who barely have time for a shake of the head and a tiny private smile before Jimmy Olsen dash up to he carry the latest edition . jimmy Clark , wait will you see . . . my first story ! clark hey , congratulation ! continued 560 continued Jimmy hold out the paper . clark Front page ? jimmy well , not exactly . ( he open out the paper to about page 30 , point to the bottom undaunted ) but he do give I a byline . clark ( read it ) James Arthur Olsen . . . jimmy ( see it on a pulitzer ) yeah . . . clark ( a grin , a slap on he back ) Way to go , James ! track with he as he go to he desk . halfway there , he be stop by a conspirational call . lois ( o.s. ) Clark ! Clark ! he turn , cross quickly to she . two shot : he stand beside the desk . she sit at she typewriter , a typewritten page in thedesk and another in the typewriter . she be very " up , " very excited . lois tire , darling ? she take he hand . he smile down at she too , but he seem hesitant . as if sense this , she go right on talk very quickly , very brightly . continued 560 continued ( 2 ) lois well , you be not the only one who 's be busy . wait until you - I mean , I have not tell anyone yet -- well , I have not even have time to tell anyone - that I have write the story of ' -- well , the story . this be ' stop the press ! ' time . ( a little laugh , but she be not get much encouragement from Clark ; she hurry on ) anyway , I think you should be the first to -- she pull the page out of the typewriter and hand it to he with the other page . he sit down on the edge of ' she desk . insert : the top page whose headline read : superman' identity revealed . " almost instantly , it be turn and a second page be see for a second . on clark : rather ashen -face , a strain smile as he hand it back to lois . lois ( quickly , lightly ) super-speed -read -- the best or all power ! ( anxiously ) so -- what do you think ' ? clark well , it 's quite scoop . . . lois ( happily ) it be , be not it ? of course , the only thing be . . . ( lowering she voice , conspiratorially ) . . .how do you do it ? how do you get back to be . . . well , super ? that 's the only part I have not get . do you go back to that machine ? or do you father have some other -- clark lois -- continued 560 contiued ( 3 ) lois ( a laugh ) okay , okay , later for the investigative report . ( more seriously ) well , I mean later for I . you know there 's really no reason for you to be a reporter at , all . you do not need that cover anymore . why should you trudge around , unappreciate , just old Clark Kent when -- clark ( quietly ) but I like it . lois ( quickly , take he hand ) oh , sweetheart , so do i. ( a mischievous grin ) but be not it true superman have more fun ? ( as he look faintly troubled ) and so will I . it 's true , I promise you . oh , I know , I be upset by what you father say -- about you be . . . special . but I have be think -- ( a little toss of the head ) -- well , he never know I . I be -- no false modesty , right ? -- well , I be special too . I would never stop you from what you have to do -- I would be pretty dumb if I could not see how the world - ( a gesture to the great globe near they ) -- need you . ( she let go of he hand ) how can I -- look , my friend Barbara , she 's marry to a doctor and he 's worse than you . clark huh ? lois well , hospital night duty , teach , clinic , emergency call -- he 's never home . and she 's survive . so okay , superman -- ( a quick look around ; she voice ever lower ) -- you have get you . . . career . well , I have get mine too . but weekend -- ( more ) continued 560 continued ( 4 ) lois ( happily ) -- we can fly anywhere -- Rome ! Paris ! casablanca ! by the time we have name it , we will be there ! ( he seem about to cut in ) or -- yes , we might just want to relax . I know a little place up north -- ( she smile up at he ) -- where we could be . . . snow in . I always want to learn to ski . as he smile at she - loving she however uneasily at this moment -- she roll the second page quickly into the typewriter again . lois so , tell I how you get that super - power back again . because I also always do want to win the pulitzer prize . clark ( rise ; quietly ) I will drink to that . track with he as he step quickly to the water cooler , fill two transparent plastic cup with water ; he stand a second , look down at one of they . 561efpect : his eye widen ( special effect ) and the water glow , change color , and then go back to normal . 562 it be the cup that he hand to lois . tight two shot - as she raise she cup and he slowly raise he . they both smile . but she eye be happy and he be full of pain . lois here 's look at you , kid . clark yeah . . . as she drink , slightly turn away , he look at the page in the typewriter and on she desk . insert : the page have go blank . on lois -- blink , shaking she head , rather as if come out of a reverie . frown , she regards the blank paper in she typewriter . continued 562continued lois now what be I about to -- ? ( look up ) Clark ? what do I say I want to work on ? ( apologetically ) I always get groggy when I skip lunch . clark ( think ) let 's see , it be -- it be about superman . how he save the city -- or the world -- or the universe -- lois ( mock-scolding ) Clark Kent , jealousy be a counter - productive attitude . clark ( wryly ) I will try to remember that . lois after all , there be thing you can do . clark yes ? lois yes . like get we a pizza . Clark leap to he foot . clark pizza ! and he dash out . hold on lois -- watch he go , a little startle and very pleased . lois now that 's what I call service ! CUT to 563ext . pisa , italy - day repeat of same shot as earlier -- early morning , and the hand of ' the souvenir seller roll up the awning on he stand . we now see that the shelf have be fill with spanking new plastic tower of ' Pisa and postcard to match the new version : all the tower stand upright . pull back , revealing the now once -again smile , happy , content souvenir seller and , in the b.g. , the upright Tower . zoom past it to a blue dot in the sky . CUT to 564ext . sky above pisa - day on superman as he fly . superman ( shameface grin , to himself ) so it 's suppose to lean . I be a kid from krypton -- how be I to know . . . ? grinning he start to descend . 565 wide shot : he arrive at the top of the Tower , start to push it back down again so that it will lean once more . CUT to 566ext . souvenir stand - pisa - day where we , a once again admire he stock , look to the real thing , look back and then do a double - take worthy of Edgar Kennedy in he prime : for the Tower be now the leanlng tower again and all he ware be useless . hysterical , he smashes shelf to the ground , make violent obscene gesture at the cape hero above , and , weep and scream : souvenir seller cretino ! stronzo ! . . . and other expletive delete . CUT to 567ext . sky - day all problem attend to , he fly majestically home , soar toward the blue horizon , magnificent in he power , at ease in a world that welcome he to its atmosphere . faster than a speed bullet , more powerful than a locomotive , able to leap tall building in a single bound . look -- up in the sky ! be it a bird ? be it a plane ? no ! it 's superman the end