surrogate written by John brancato &amp ; Michael ferris base on the graphic novel " the surrogate " by Robert venditti October 16 , 2007 fade in on : ext . CITY street - night -- moving a distorted image of downtown city street at night . this be not a fisheye lens , but the reflection in the mirrore surface of a helmet visor . ext . luxury build - night a near-future motorcycle stop near a dramatic high - rise residential build . the rider , clad in black leather , climb off he machine . we will call he the assassin . he flip up he visor . his face be scar , stubbly . he conceal himself in a alcove , eye never leave the building 's entrance . a uniform doorman open the high -rise 's lobby door for a handsome young man in a tuxedo and trenchcoat . the assassin have be wait for this . he remove what look like a rifle scope from he jacket , aim it at tuxedo . scope Pov - focus on tuxedo' face , magnify . a digital readout : " scanning ... " then a long serial number read out and the name , " lionel alexander canter , " along with other personal information below . the assassin put away the scanner scope , satisfied . he reach a hand into a pocket , withdraw a mysterious device . the size of a first generation cellphone , it have a military look , with a clear slide panel over safety switch and button . the assassin hurry toward tuxedo , but before he can reach he -- a sleek , futuristic limousine pull up and tuxedo get in the back . they be go in a instant . the assassin , frustrated , dash for he motorcycle . he start it and pursue the limousine . 2 . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - night the motorcycle pursue the limousine along the potomac , D. c. landmark visible in the distance . ext . kennedy CENTER - night formal crowd , a red carpet , sign for a opera . the limousine approach . int . limousine - night tuxedo lean forward to the driver , a muscular , handsome man in a suit name armando . tuxedo I be not really in the mood for opera , armando . armando nod knowingly pull back into traffic . armando F Street ? tuxedo ( undoing bowtie ) you read my mind . let 's not mention this to my dad ... as he speak , he pass a few bill over the seat . ext . warehouse district - night the limo move through this seemingly desert area , pull up near a steel door with a spray- paint x. tuxedo emerge san jacket and tie , he dress - shirt open . tuxedo I can find my way back . armando nod and pull away . tuxedo move toward the entrance , say a word into a intercom with a surveillance camera . the door open within moment , he disappear inside . the assassin park he bike , a few step behind . tuxedo have vanish through the steel door before he can catch up with he . ( continued ) 3. continued : the assassin take off he helmet , try the door . it will not move . he buzze the intercom . the door slide open a crack -- the bouncer be a huge , bald man with jet black skin , red eye and teeth that glow fluorescently . the throbbing beat of music within . the bouncer narrow he eye . bouncer this be a private club . assassin I just need to talk to -- the steel door have already shut in he face . int . the pit - night pounding music . body slam together in a brutal mosh pit , men and women . all be young , some beautiful , other extremely decorate and pierce . they tear at each other brutally , try to do real damage . on the edge of the pit , individual fistfight go on . a incongruous chandelier overhead , gilt - edge mirror on the wall -- the fighter slam into and shatter they . a hard -core band play on a elevate stage . the musician be heavily punk out , in outlandish clothes , with pierce face , tattoo and body make -up . in a VIP area , a balcony elevate above the stage , numerous beautiful people at table . many be make out , gay , straight , threesome -- orgy happen up here . tuxedo sit by himself . he raise a glass tube attach to a cord , one of a few lead into a electronic device on the table . as he bring the tube close to he own neck , a arc of electricity jump to he skin . his feature go slack , a shudder go through he . then he lower the tube with a smile . he 's use a jacker -- a sort of electro-shock hookah . a shout over the music : blonde mind if I join you ? a stunningly beautiful blonde in edgy , dramatic clothes stand nearby . tuxedo , recover from the hit , gesture graciously for she to sit . she pick up one of the cord , give he a sly smile . she open she mouth , SPARKS fly to she tongue and -- CUT to : 4. ext . alleyway - night rain pour down as tuxedo and the blonde burst out the door , laugh . he push she against a brick wall , they grope each other hungrily , hand inside clothes , get drench in the warm downpour . with the assassin , wear he helmet with the visor up , as he approach the entwine couple . tuxedo hear he , turn -- tuxedo get lose , meatbag . ext . warehouse district - night angle on the alley 's mouth as we hear the blonde be scream . second later she stagger out , clutching she head , and collapse to the pavement . we hear a engine start from the alleyway . the assassin emerge on he bike , ride directly over she body unconcern -- and roar into the night . camera pull up to -- ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - night -- a aerial view of the rain -swept CITY , some futuristic high -rise amongst the recognizeable landmark . also , a great number of super -cell tower and dish , considerably larger than the one we see today . camera pick up speed , move quickly to a run-down part of the city , tenement and vacant lot . move down and through a third - story window of -- int . abandoned project build - night a dark , decaye hallway . a man and a woman move stealthily up the stair , laser - sight gun in hand . the man be thomas greer , the woman jennifer peter . both be about 30 , handsome , athletic . greer 's spend he life in law enforcement . he 's smart and able , want thing to make sense -- but as the world change around he , he feel he 's lose the thread . peter be junior to greer , she attitude 's professional but rigid , by the book . ( continued ) 5 . continued : greer , in the lead , wave peter up . they approach a door at the end of the hall . we see now that they windbreaker read " FBI . " greer kick open the door -- int . psycho' lair - night lit by candle and kerosene lantern , smoke hang in the room . we glimpse body hang from the ceiling in chain . greer and peter train they lasers around the place , disturb by the scene . a flash of movement in a bedroom and a crash -- the psycho who life here have kick over a lantern , FIRE spill across the floor . we glimpse a surprisingly good - look guy , grin maniacally . he dash across the room -- greer squeeze off a couple of shot . the psycho 's too fast , he leap through a crack window . ext . abandoned project - night rain have let up . the psycho fall thirty foot into a pile of soft dirt and trash . he roll to the bottom , get to he foot and run . greer look down from the break window . int . psycho' lair - night peter be beat at the flame with a towel , see greer be prepare to jump . peter let 's call for back -up . greer where '.s the sport in that ? peter it's protocol -- greer snort and -- ext . abandoned project - night -- leap , greer hit the dirt hard and roll . he reach the ground and set off after the psycho at top speed . ( continued ) 6 . continued : play a frantic foot chase , both man scramble over chain - link fence , leap over trash car . greer pursue the psycho around a corner , into a passageway between building -- --wherethepsycho get the jump on he , swing a length of pipeathis head . greer duck fast , the blow catch he inthearm , he drop he gun . the psycho move to pick uptheweapon , but greer tackle he against a dumpster . greer slam the dumpster lid on the man repeatedly . greer you have the right to remain silent -- but the psycho have grab something from the trash , manage to squirt bug spray in greer 's eye . greer 's blind temporarily , the psycho squirm away , run from between building across a street -- wham ! he 's hit full - on by a semi , he body fly through the air . he land hard on cement , but amazingly be still alive . he try to get up , but -- greer plant a foot on he chest and hold he fast against the ground . greer , still wiping at this eye , point he weapon at the psycho 's head . greer ( cont 'd ) stay with I asshole -- psycho why would I do that ? the psycho grin -- then he head loll back , eye empty . int . psycho' lair - night peter be by a woman' body on the floor , hold a pocket scanner close to she head . this small device resemble a iphone . there 's tape over the woman 's eye and mouth , which Peters peel away as she speak into a tiny cellphone earpiece . peter be this Kathy Welles ...? my name be Jennifer Peters , with the FBI 's surrogate crime division ... ( continued ) 7. continued : on scanner -- the name " kathy welle , " " reported stolen , " contact information below . ext . abandoned project - night on greer' scanner - " new-u rental agency , " with a id number , but no name . greer kneel beside the psycho 's body , pocket he scanner . he 's angry but resign , he be half expect this . the semi driver be still behind the wheel of he rig . he call out to greer : semi driver be I in trouble ? greer ( wave he off ) Nah , go back to work . greer rise as he phone chime , he touch he earpiece . in bg , the driver pull away . greer ( cont 'd ) peter ( filter ) greer he 's a rental . he disconnect , reach to turn the psycho 's head to one side . the back of he skull be smashed . instead of gore and brain , we see tear gray plastic and dense circuitry , ooze pinkish hydraulic fluid at he neck . we be in a world of surrogate , remotely operate synthetic human ( also know as synth ) . this be not artificially - intelligent robot -- each be link directly to a human be , mile or hundred of mile away . surrogate be distinguishable from flesh - and -blood human primarily by they physical perfection -- ugly surrogates be rare . on closer look , they eye may have a inhuman quality . without a human mind send and receive impulse , they be completely inert . suddenly the psycho come to life , spin he head around at a impossible angle and bite greer' hand . ( continued ) 8. continued : he will not let go . greer stomp on the - psycho 's head , reach with he other hand into the back of the skull to wrench out a circuit board . the psycho finally stop writhe , disconnect . int . psycho' lair - night peter talk on the phone while scan a severe head . peter I do not recommend reconnect , Ms. Welles ... hello ? the woman on the floor twitches , she eye open . she sit up on she elbow , look down to see -- -- she leg be go . the bottom half of she be miss , she tatter T-shirt cover the damage , soak with dark green and pink liquid -- coolant and hydraulic fluid . victim aw crap , I be totalled ! peter you insurance ought to cover it . ext . abandoned project - night greer trudge toward the building , on he cell , leave the body behind . he turn the circuit board over in he finger . greer -- trash pick - up on maple and 4th . dispatcher ( filter ) coulda just call it in , we would a shut he down from here -- greer any id from the rental agency ? dispatcher ( filter ) yeah , get a name from they office in Miami . ness , harold P. greer ( a beat ) Harry P. ness . dispatcher oh. false id ? ( continued ) 9 . continued : greer you think ? dispatcher do not be in a rush to get home , Tom . two surries down outside the pit , hard - core club on F street . greer pick up the pace , head out of frame . CUT to : ext . warehouse district - night start on the blonde , eye empty , face against the cement . peter abandon . greer or something happen to the operator . greer and peter stand over the corpse , a uniform stand nearby . greer hold he scanner near she head . greer ( cont 'd ) registered to a cameron michael , out in clarksburg ... ( to uniform ) you call she ? uniform Left a message . greer be lean closer to the dead blonde 's face . x-close -- crack in the glass of she eye . we see greer be fragmented reflection as he peer at this . greer optic be damage . peter musta crack when she fall . ( to uniform ) there 's a second ? the uniform lead greer and peter past the blonde , into the alley . 10 . int . alleyway - night tuxedo lie on he side , eye close . we can hear music throbbing from within . uniform could not get a id from this one . greer kneel by tuxedo , look at he fancy cufflink . greer a tux ? kind of over - dress for a jacker joint . greer pull out he scanner . by tuxedo 's face , the scanner read " no signal . " greer seem surprised . peter look over he shoulder . peter maybe he 's real . greer Little too pretty for that . greer lift one of tuxedo 's eyelid -- close , shattered glass , electronics visible within . greer ( cont 'd ) he 's synth all right . peter look like the optic explode ... greer reach behind tuxedo 's head , pull out a small specially - shape tool and pries up the panel at the back of tuxedo 's skull . he pull out -- the circuit board , melt and scorched . greer so much for the identity chip . peter I will call for a pick -up . maybe diagnostics can make sense of it . greer stand up , look toward the blonde 's body . greer clarksburg 's just up the 270 , let 's talk to we witness . ( continued ) 11 . continued : peter ( a glance at she watch ) you always work this kind of hour ? greer get something better to do ? peter besides sleep ? greer be already on the move , Peters reluctantly follow . CUT to : ext . 1-270 - night a slightly futuristic sedan speed through light late - night traffic . we hear the voice of the prophet : prophet ( radio ) you feel you be free . you can be what you want , do what you want , nothing can hurt you . but you have cease to live . int . FBI car - night greer drive . peter have she eye close in the passenger seat . the voice on the radio continue in bg through scene . prophet ( radio ) you think you control you surrogates , but it be they who have take over you life . you lie in you cell , pale and fat prisoner , while the puppet walk and dance and make love ... Peters blink and come to . greer welcome back . peter ( be : the radio ) be we actually listen to the Prophet ? we oughta lock this guy up and throw away the key . ( off greer 's shrug ) so be this " know thine enemy ? " ( continued ) 12 . continued : greer the human Coalition be not " the enemy . " peter you be kid , right ? the dread have gotta be behind half the crime against surries nationwide -- greer " dread ... " peter they dread the present , they dread the future -- ( point at radio ) you know this joker 's call for a uprising . in Denver , we get the go - ahead to jam he broadcast . greer sound like they be do a bang - up job out there . why would you transfer ? peter D. c. 's the heart of the action , right ? plus my ex and I be in the same office , it get a little uncomfortable . ( beat ) you get along with you last partner ? greer till he retire . have no idea he be that old . prophet ( radio ) . but this I promise : soon the abomination shall fall where they stand ... and on that day of resurrection , the dead shall rise ... ext . modern apartment - night move across the facade of a suburban apartment complex . a red glow suffuse most of the window , all of which be barred . in this warm light , we glimpse operator in recline chair , motionless . they could be watch tv , but no set be in sight . move to find greer and peter as they exit the sedan and pass a sign : " surrogate - ready unit available . " 13 . int . modern apartment / corridor - night greer and peter walk along a almost prison- like corridor , surveillance cameras , heavy door . they follow a empty - face walk mannequin in a ugly pantsuit . this be the landlady . her mouth move like a ventriloquist 's dummy as she speak self - consciously : landlady I be have problem with my surrie , this be just a loaner . be there some kind of trouble ? greer nothing to worry about . landlady cam 's a good tenant , y'know . pay the rent on time , never leave the apartment ... greer who do ? landlady ( pound on a door ) cam ? wake up , the police be here to talk to you ... int . cam' apartment - night the landlady undoe the multiple lock on the door of a small one- room apartment . she open it and let greer and peter inside . a red glow from the far end of the room -- greer flick on overhead . the landlady hover by the door as they move into the place . it 's minimalist , nothing on the wall . empty pizza box . skirt , stocking , high -heel strewn around haphazardly . we also glimpse a large charging cradle , contact point embed in the foam inside , shape to accomodate a curvaceous female body . greer hello ? a fat , hairy arm hang over the side of a high - tech chair . the two fed move quickly to see -- -- cameron michael , a 40 - ish , overweight , bald male in he underwear . blood run from he nose , he face twitches slightly ; he lie in a stim chair . ( continued ) 14 . continued : stim chair resemble - oversize massage chair , contoure to the body , with padded head support . they vibrate and electronically stimulate the user to prevent atrophy . a sensory projector sit beside the chair . this device look like a computer tower . it 's link to a elaborate headset , with contact point around the skull . there 's also a monitor screen which display the operator 's remote Pov . landlady oh my God , cameron -- greer quickly detach the headset , rip a small electronic sleeve off of cameron 's fingertip . he check the man 's pupil response and pulse . greer call the paramedics . while Peters call in bg , greer move to the projector be monitor screen and tap a touchpad . on screen - static . greer rewind to pove at the hard - core club . fast forward to the alley , make out with tuxedo . this be a recording of recent experience , as see through the eye of the blonde . greer switch to real - time . tuxedo break the kiss and turn to look os . tuxedo ( on screen ) get lose , meatbag . as tuxedo turn back to camera , we hear a hideous electronic screech , tuxedo 's face contort in pain ... and he eye burst , fragment of glass and electronics fly . the Pov reel , we hear the blonde 's scream -- and static again fill the screen . greer be disturb by this , look again at the unconscious , quivering face of the man in the chair . CUT to : int . D.C. subway - night a mostly empty car , scattered surrie passengers ride stiffly , zone out , empty expression ... except for a long -haire dread , one of the anti-surrogate fanatics . he 's dishevel , hippyish , shout into the empty face of the surrogates . ( continued ) 15 . continued : dread wake up ! wake up ! Zomby ! shitpuppetsl abomination ! he move to a young couple , both slack - face , on standby . dread ( cont 'd ) wake up and smell the piss ! he start to unzip in front of they . greer not cool . the dread turn -- greer be hold up a badge . the dread scowl , zip up and move away from greer , plunk down at the end of the car . greer pocket he badge calmly . ext . greer' build - dawn greer approach a urban apartment complex on foot , carry a bag of take - out food . high fence , security cameras and scanner , all commonplace in this world . we see the red glow from a few window . int . greer' build / hallway - dawn greer move tiredly down a long hallway to he apartment . he punch in a code at the door . int . greer' apartment / live room - dawn greer enter , cross a live room that 's be decorate in a spare , modern style . int . greer' apartment / kitchen - dawn greer set the bag down on a table , fill a glass with water and move down a hallway to a bedroom . int . greer' apartment / bedroom -- dawn greer enter the bedroom , place the water glass on a bedside table beside -- -- the real greer . he look five year older , twenty pound heavier than he surrogate . he 's in a stim recliner , attach to a sensory projector like the one we see on cameron michael . red light suffuse the room . ( continued ) 16 . continued : greer , a surrogate we now realize , undress , put he clothes aside in a closet -- which also contain a foam - fill charging cradle . down to he underwear , he back into this , seem to relax . we hear a low hum and -- -- the real greer 's eye open . he disconnect the headset and fingersleeve , the red glow be replace by white light . he sit up , yawn and sip the water . he rise wearily , stretch , run a hand through he thinning hair . he move to shut the closet door on he synth unit . as it close -- CUT to : int . greer' apartment / kitchen - morning greer ( the real one ) sit at the table in a bathrobe , finish the food he surrogate bring home . as he empty the remain into the trash -- --maggie enter . she 's greer 's wife , a stylish young woman , look ridiculously good for someone who 's just get up . maggie start at the sight of greer , begin to retreat . it 's as if she 's stumble upon he in the bathroom . maggie oh , sorry -- greer it 's ok . come in -- maggie but where 's you ... greer put he up . I be about to get some sleep . maggie enter the kitchen , not look directly at greer . she put some bread in a toaster , prepare coffee . maggie you just get in ? greer some poor cross -sexual have a aneurysm while he be online , have to get he to a hospital . maggie wince , disturb by she husband 's job . she flip on a small flatscreen tv , volume low . news and weather . ( continued ) 17 . continued : maggie I think I need a new stim chair . greer bedsore ? want I to take a look ? maggie ( taken aback ) no thanks , it 's just some irritation . greer well , there 's room on the credit card . ( beat ) it 's be a while since ... we have actually be together . maggie ( uneasy ) be you talk about sex ? greer no , I just mean -- maggie because I think we be do just fine . greer but that 's we surrogates . it 's not the same ... maggie it 's better . ( shrug ) I wish that instead of work every night , you would come out with I , go dance , we use to have such a good time -- greer I be think more like a vacation . a island somewhere . maggie ( like the idea ) Bridget say she get a amazing deal on a surrie rental in tahiti -- she look just like a native . greer I mean a real vacation -- just we . leave we synth unit home . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) maggie ( horrified ) and get on a plane ? her toast pop up . maggie take it with she coffee out of the room . she shake she head , amused at greer 's crazy idea . maggie ( cont 'd ) sleep well . she take she breakfast through a door in the hall just off the kitchen - - we can not see inside the room . we hear the door lock behind she . greer look after he wife , a bit deject . in the quiet he register a voice from the tv : commercial v.0. remember ... it be not long ago . on tv - the sign " AIR quality - unhealthful . " pedestrian with surgical mask and even gasmasks . the sign " quarantine . " body in a Mass grave . the sign " terror alert - high . " a busy CITY STREET . suddenly , a massive explosion , a car bomb go off . from the blast , bleach to white . commercial v.0 . ( cont 'd ) now ... a better world . a beautiful girl enter frame , turn to camera and smile . behind she , more happy , healthy , handsome young people in a abstract , white space . wider , there be thousand of they . commercial v.0 . ( cont 'd ) virtual self industry . on tv - the logo for VSI come on the screen . commercial v.0 . ( cont 'd ) do what you want . be what you want . CUT to : int . college dorm - day a wood - panele hallway of a ivy League dorm , two male undergrad ( pimply , glass , overweight , clearly not surries ) knock on a dorm room door . ( continued ) 19 . continued : undergrad # 1 yo , canter ! undergrad # 2 maybe he 's still hang over . undergrad # 1 he 's gonna miss the exam . they try the door -- unlock . int . dorm room - day as soon as they enter , the undergrad choke on the stench , cover they nose . undergrad # 1 aw , Jesus ... in the bed be a young male corpse , a sensory projector attach to he head , the red glow . overhead light flick on to reveal goopy blood at he nose and ear , the pillow soak . greer ( v.0 . ) tuxedo 's operator turn up , student at Yale name of Anthony canter ... CUT to : int . FBI build / greer' office - day clutter with papers , two desk . greer sit before a terminal , stare at he screen . greer they be upload he memory file . seem we be deal with a actual homicide . peter , at the other ( much neater ) desk , lean in to look over greer 's shoulder while the file upload . peter you sound pleased . greer well , you get a little tired of property crime , vandalism -- ( continued ) 20 . continued : peter think you take you job seriously . surrogate be extension of people 's selve -- greer what be you , quote VSI ? peter the Supreme Court . ANTHONY stone , greer 's boss , have enter greer 's office during the above . he 's silver - haire , friendly , in perfect shape -- another surrogate . he 's clearly hear this argument before . peter ( cont 'd ) synthetic unit have the same rights as biologicals . greer yeah , yeah . fact be , most of the people you refer to as dread be just too poor to afford a synth . you think they like live on reservation ? peter that 's humanist propaganda . the restrict area be they idea , they hate be around surries . stone get a room , you two . he lean between they , hit a button on greer 's computer . on screen - a new haven PD logo at the top of the screen , indicate this be a evidence file . in a large window , tuxedo' Pov recording play . we now see the foreplay in the alley from the other perspective . footstep , tuxedo pull away from the blonde -- -- and turn to confront the helmete assassin . tuxedo 's voice : - tuxedo ( o.s. ) get lose , meatbag . the assassin narrow he eye -- then white light fill the screen , the blonde's scream cut out as the audio go . then static and blackness . greer , peter and stone react to this . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 2 ) greer poor kid . pathologist say he brain look like soup . peter ( wince ) what could do that to someone ? stone lightn strike , accord to forensics . a massive power surge shoot through the network ... greer two people in a narrow alley , surround by fire escape , cell tower ...? stone get a better idea ? in any case , let 's be discreet about this . there will be panic in the street if the public get the idea that use they surries can kill they ... greer be rewind the image . he point to the face of the assassin , partly shield within he helmet . they only get a partial of he face , it enlarges and highlight . greer be he the perp , or just some lookie-loo --? peter he 's a " meatbag " all right . look at that scar ... a intercom beep , greer hit a button . greer what you get ? intercom voice next of kin . you sit down ? kid 's father be lionel Alexander canter . the lionel canter . greer , peter and stone take this in , stunne . stone lean closer to the intercom . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 3 ) stone Stone here . under no circumstance do you discuss this matter with anyone , inside or outside the Bureau . get I ? intercom voice yes , sir . greer disconnect the intercom , stone move to leave . greer you still think lightning ? CUT to : int . luxury build / lobby - day elegant , traditional decor . armando , the limousine driver from the open sequence , be post amidst the mirror and plush furniture . a elegantly dress clerk be at the lobby desk , check on a computer screen . greer and peter wait . clerk Dr. canter be expect you . but no weapon be permit in the penthouse . peter we be federal agent . clerk I be sorry . you will have to leave they with I . at greer 's nod , Peters take out she holster gun . greer do the same . the clerk lock both the agent ' gun in a drawer , then come out from behind the desk . armando approach . the clerk pass he a key . armando I work for Dr. canter . his private elevator 's this way . they follow he toward a alcove in the back of the lobby . peter you be the one who drive Anthony canter that night ? ( continued ) 23 . continued : armando ( nods ) I give the police a statement . at a private elevator , while armando turn a key , a scanner automatically swing out on a cantilever arm . greer be this necessary ? armando Dr. canter 's rule . light flash in they face as they be scan . the elevator door open , and the three of they get on . close on scanner - after they have enter the elevator , small head -shot of greer and peter , vital stat below , appear one after the other on the screen . int . elevator - day greer turn to armando , who 's stare straight ahead . greer kid like the wild side , huh . do he father know ? armando do not answer , this be get too personal . int . canter' penthouse / foyer - day the elevator open into a marble entrance area . it 's traditional , tastefully opulent -- artwork , sculpture . a small , automated vacuum cleaner move along a Persian rug . armando move ahead of they to announce they presence . greer and Peters speak quietly . peter Nice place . greer canter must get a piece of every surrogate they sell . canter emerge from a study . his face be young , but there 's some grey at he temple . otherwise , he look identical to the dead tuxedo . greer take this in . greer ( cont 'd ) Dr. canter ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : canter that 's right . you be with the FBI . peter yes we be . he lead they into -- int . canter' penthouse / study - day a traditional study , wood panele , book . window lead to a balcony . armando remain in bg throughout scene . peter we be very sorry for you loss , sir . canter what progress have you make with the investigation ? greer I can not help notice , you surrogate - - it 's very similar to the unit you son be use ... canter pause , then move to a door and open it .- light inside flicker on , revealing -- --a walk -in closet with a half - dozen charging bay . four surrogates here , all version of the man we have just see -- canter at different stage of life , from youth to almost elderly . two of the charge bay be empty . canter I allow tony to borrow one of my surrogates when he want to spend time in d.c . I encourage he to take advantage of the cultural offering -- peter wait , how be that possible ? be not you surries lock to you neural signature ? canter ( close the door ) I write the code that remain at the core of all surrogates . it be not difficult for I to make my synth unit accessible to my son . ( continued ) 25 . continued : greer - like get the key to dad 's car . canter I suppose ... ( beat ) the coroner say that tony be online when it happen . why have not the surrogate be return to I ? peter we be still analyze the damage -- canter it be attack ? peter we really can not get into the detail of a ongoing investigation -- greer Dr. canter - - we do not know of any way to kill a operator remotely . do you ? canter no , but -- at the beginning , all of we at VSI be worried about it . it 's why every surrogate have a build - in fail - safe , they disconnect before they can transmit a potentially dangerous signal . peter can you think of anyone who might want to harm you son ? canter I ... the sad fact be , tony and I be just get to know each other ... he grow up with he mother in California . canter 's voice drift off , he 's start to look far away , pain . he sit slowly behind he desk . canter ( cont 'd ) if this be not a accident ... then it 's because of I that he 's ... ( beat ) I be sorry . you will have to excuse I . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 2 ) before greer and Peters can reply , canter go rigid , eye blank -- he 's disconnect . greer guess the interview 's over . peter ( quietly ) can you imagine what it 's like to lose you only child ? greer scribbles something on a business card . greer not really . you get kid ? peter ( shake she head ) Jim and I talk about it , but ... greer lot of that go around . he start to place the card on the desk before the immobile canter . armando step forward warily -- greer show he the card before put it down . greer ( cont 'd ) if he think of anything else . armando ( nodding ) I will show you out . as they move back toward the lobby elevator , we remain with the motionless canter a beat . then , the camera move quickly from the study , and through a wall to find -- int . canter' penthouse / control area - day --a small , private area , bath in red light , with a very fancy , elaborate sensory projector . real canter be much older than he surrogate , he face stubbly . his body be twisted and nearly useless , he head hold up by a brace . a victim of some horrible degenerative disease , canter only have the use of one arm , via a elaborate electronic armature . he 's just disconnect he headset . there be tear stream down he cheek . his projector screen face he , with he work arm he call up a old memory file . ( continued ) 27 . continued : on projector screen - footage slowed down slightly . a ( the kid we see dead Pov on eighteen - year - old tony canter in the dorm room ) as he haul up a sail in the front of a boat . he look toward camera and smile . ext . luxury build - day greer and peter move from the entrance to canter 's residential high-rise . peter so we be talk mistaken t.d. greer someone target canter 's surrie , get the wrong operator . they get to they car , park in a red zone . greer curl he lip at a meter maid -- a drone surrogate on wheel , no ear , as it roll calmly away from he car . greer ( cont 'd ) I be sure the guy 's get enemy he never even hear of . peter my money 's on the dread . ( off greer 's look ) Excuse I , the " human . " greer rip the ticket from the windshield , tear it in half and throw it in the back of the car , as they both get in . CUT to : int . VSI lobby - day move over a display depict the history of surrogate . model be arrange chronologically , from primitive - look , obvious robot , move stiffly , to animated mannequin ( like the landlady ) to the modern unit , almost indistinguishable from human being , whose repetitive movement be smooth , fully articulate . greer and peter , in plainclothes , move past the display . greer stop in he track , see - ' - ( continued ) 28 . continued : a display that read , " breaking the mind' code . " a video loop show a young canter ( much like he surrogate ) seat at a worktable with electronic gear , beside a subject lie on a table , hundred of wire affix to he head . this lead to a crude mannequin , which turn its head , roll its eye , move its mouth . we hear a video narrator , volume low . video narrator . Dr. lionel canter 's breakthrough experiment lead to the technology for decode brain impulse and transfer the signal to synthetic human ... greer damn . why do not I think of that ? the two of they move on to a elevator bank . int . VSI conference room - day a gorgeous assistant with plenty of cleavage enter with two cup of coffee . she take they to greer and peter , who sit at the table in this dramatic conference area . peter thank you . assistant Mr. Welch will be with you in a minute . ( shimmy out ) peter she 's a little over the top . greer just advertising the product . ( sip he coffee ) ugh . peter it 's delicious , if you want it to be . adjust you interface . greer right , I keep forget that . ( another sip ) mmm . so good . they rise as -- ( continued ) 29 . continued : -- victor welch enter . like most everyone else , he 's 30ish , handsome , a slick pr man in a suit . behind he be a male and female lawyer , unsmile . all wear id badge around they neck with the VSI logo . welch Agents greer and Peters ? I be Victor Welch , vp corporate relation . he shake they hand . peter thanks for take the time to see we . welch no problem . do you happen to know Andy Stone ? greer we immediate superior . welch really . do give he my regards -- the male lawyer cut he off , lean across the table to shake hand . male lawyer we be from the legal department . female lawyer hope you do not mind if we sit in . peter not at all . I do not get you name --? welch ( over her ) you might be interested in a free software upgrade we be offer to all law enforcement official , better night vision for you synth unit , improve pursuit capability ... greer mm. any idea what could cause a surrogate 's head to explode from the inside ? on the table , in a plastic evidence bag , be a fry circuit - board along with a pair of shatter eyeballs . greer pass this to Welch , who barely look at it . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) male lawyer Mr. Welch be not qualified to answer that question . you would be better off speak to one of we technician . welch smile pleasantly . female lawyer what do the operator say ? greer not much . he 's dead . peter a massive brain hemmorhage , it happen while he be online . female lawyer I be sorry to hear that . but I can assure you it have nothing to do with VSI product . if a man suffer a heart attack while drive , he do not have a case against the automobile manufacturer . welch nod in agreement . greer gamely continue to address he question to the vp . greer no one 's talk lawsuit . we would just like to know , be there any precedent for a operator be kill by signal from he synth unit ? male lawyer ( almost indignant ) none whatsoever -- female lawyer the idea be absurd . if it be possible , it would defeat the purpose of surrogacy . male lawyer surries have jump from bridge , be shot or blow to bit without the least harm to the operator - the fail - safe always kick in . every case that 's be bring against VSI have be show to be the result of user negligence . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 3 ) female lawyer we can not help it if customer forget to eat , sleep or take they medicine . welch shrug and rise , follow by the lawyer . welch if that 's all ... a pleasure talk with you . greer there be one more thing . the victim be Anthony canter . the son of one of you company 's founder . greer study they as they process this news . greer ( cont 'd ) kind of a strange coincidence . welch Dr. canter have retire , but we will be sure to send we condolence . ext . VSI headquarters - day greer and peter move from a glass corporate tower , across beautifully manicure garden . greer carry the evidence in a briefcase . peter what 's we take - away ? greer ( shrug ) I use to be able to read people , back when they be people ... peter you mean before they all become lawyer ? greer ( a smile ) you make a joke . maybe there 's hope for you , Peters ... they head for a manufacactur complex . 32 . int . VSI factory - day a overhead conveyor carry plastic ribcages and spinal column contain electronic part , fluid sac and tube . arm and legs , elaborate hydraulic apparatus , be attach by robotic assembler . there 's no skin yet , just the expose machinery , make mostly of plastic and microcircuitry . a window overlook the factory floor . here , technician sit at computer station , monitoring the process below . greer and peter stand before water , who look like a basketball player -- hugely tall , African - american , tattooe , in casual clothes . greer wave a hand up in he face , try to get he attention . greer Mr. Waters ? Seth Waters ? greer check the man 's id badge -- a photo of a pudgy , bearded white man with glass , the name seth water . suddenly , water snap out of it , look down at the two agent . despite he appearance , he manner be nerdy . water hello , sorry . I be in the can . peter we be tell you could help we with some technical issue . water to whom be I address myself ? greer we be with the FBI . he study the badge they hold out . water really ? cool . int . VSI lab - day x-close on the dense , blacken and partially melt circuit board , a labyrinth of line and pattern . water peer into a huge electronic microscope in this laboratory . computer monitor , mysterious equipment . ( continued ) 33 . continued : water heat build - up like this ? every circuit musta fire at once . kablooie . greer and peter hover nearby . Waters turn he attention to the shattered eye , pick one up . peter ever see anything like it before ? water not exactly ... but last week we get a truckload of GI joe back for recondition . couple a the surries be miss optic . greer May we take a look ? int . VSI warehouse - day water open the door and flip on fluorescent light ... they blink on to reveal -- row upon row of surrie template , naked , hairless and robotic , not yet personalize with face and skin . they stand pack like sardine , ready for shipment . water lead greer and peter to a cage -in corner of the warehouse , unlock the gate . Inside be stacked body in the uniform of different SERVICES . many be batter and scar from battle , even in piece . all be wrap in clear plastic . water Old soldier never die ... he consult a hand -held computer , check code number on the bag . the soldier' face be all eerily similar ... even identical . no reason to customize cannon fodder . water ( cont 'd ) here we go . he peel back the plastic on another identical soldier whose eye be miss . the body be otherwise undamage . peter no bullet hole , no blast damage --? ( continued ) 34 . continued : water not a scratch . greer move Waters aside , look the body over . greer brand new camos , no mud , no dirt ... this thing 's never see combat . name and unit insignia remove ... let I check out the motherboard . water do not come back with one . I think it be a little weird . greer stare into the empty eyesocket of the soldier . he hook a finger in , come out with -- a glisten shard of glass on he fingertip . CUT to : ext . battlefield - day a firefight in a bomb - out desert town , somewhere in the Middle East . a grunth Pov as a small group of surrogate soldier , the generic " GI joe " type we see at VSI , clean up a insurgent outpost . pulaski , a gung - ho surrie soldier , charge into machine gun FIRE and be blown to piece . int . battlefield headquarters - day a wider shot reveal that this Pov be one of many be display on battlefield monitor in a warehouse - size space . each hang above a flesh and blood soldier in loose marine uniform , in stim chair , hook into sensory projector . the room be bath in red light . real pulaski bolt upright in he stim chair , a white light go on as he screen turn to static . pulaski I be down , I be down ! a controller work quickly at a board . colonel brandon , _a flesh and blood career military man , in uniform , move past pulaski 's stim chair , give he a warning look . ( continued ) 35 . continued : brandon damn thing be not free , pulaski . take the sniper from behind this time . pulaski yessir . controller back on - line . pulaski lie back in he stim chair , red light up . the Pov on he screen switch to the back of a van , the door open and he new unit charge out , past other replacement soldier still in charge bay . colonel brandon , move on , touch he earphone . brandon yeah , I will be right over . he clap a captain on the shoulder as he move out . brandon ( cont 'd ) keep a eye on bravo company . captain we will kick some ass , sir . ext . marine base - day hangar , boxy building , humvee , soldier march in formation . brandon walk with greer and peter . brandon the United States have the large surrogate army in . the world . why on earth would the defense department want to develop a weapon that could wipe out we own troops ? greer so no such thing exist ? brandon if it do , I would know about it . peter that soldier we see -- ( continued ) 36 . continued : brandon ( a bit impatient ) we routinely remove motherboard and optic for analysis . now if you will excuse I , we be in the middle of a peacekeeping operation . they have reach they car . brandon turn on he heel and head back for a hangar . greer and Peters look after he for a moment . peter think he 's tell the truth ? greer not when he lip be move . greer shake he head as they both get in the car . with brandon - out of earshot of the fed , he speak into a small earpiece . brandon Bill , we may have a problem . be it possible one of we od be loose ? CUT to : int . FBI build / greer' office - day canter' image on a computer screen . it 's he surrogate face , seat at he desk . this be a video- phone connection . canter tell I , have you make any progress whatsoever ? reverse angle , greer and Peters sit before the screen . by rote : greer Sir , we be not at liberty to comment on a ongoing investigation . canter do not blow I off like I be some goddamn reporter . I have resource of my own , do I have to do you job for you ? ( continued ) 37 . continued : greer bite back he anger , rise and move away from the screen before he say something he will regret . he sit at another terminal , return to work . Peters take he place , attempt to sound reassure . peter we be explore every avenue , Dr. canter , I promise you that , we be do everything we can . close on greer' terminal - a inset of the image of the assassin be face , no helmet on -- it 's much clearer than the one we see before , this be the bouncer 's perspective at the door of the club . we hear canter and peter continue in bg . canter what . what be you do ? peter I understand you be grieve -- canter I be a target for assassination ! I assume you be at least aware of that . with peter , she look briefly over she shoulder at greer with a " help , get I out of this " expression . he remain focuss on the image of the assassin , she turn back to canter on the screen , maintain she placate tone . peter I appreciate you concern and frustration , obviously we all want immediate result , but -- canter I have hear enough of you condescending pap . the people who do this be go to be punish . canter disconnect , he angry face vanish . peter rise and move quickly toward greer . greer you handle that well . peter ( point at screen ) where would you get this ? ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) greer the freak who be work the door at the club . get a look at we perp dead - on . on screen - the assassin 's feature highlight , the word " 756 partial match . " reverse angle -- greer type , peter watch . peter try narrowing the search for dread affiliation ... on screen - a digital rapsheet , the name jack strickland . a rotating 3-d mugshot of strickland , cover all the angle of he face . greer eighty -seven percent match . Close enough for government work . greer and peter quickly scan the man 's rapsheet . peter Jack strickland , one of the Prophet 's groupy ... torch a surrogate display at a department store -- greer and they let he off ? peter no know address ... greer ( rising ) not a problem . int . FBI build / corridor - day greer and peter walk along a windowless , underground hallway , reach a security scanner . greer ever come down here ? it 's like be inside God 's head ... the door unlocks and they enter -- 39 . int . FBI build / surveillance CENTER - day - greer and peter go down metal stair into -a sprawling , high - tech surveillance center . computer workstation be arrange radially , at the hub be a central command station with large screen face in all direction . greer and peter move toward the center . at first we see just the head and shoulder of scattered figure , stare at the monitor screen . on screen - this be Pov shot from thousand of surrogate , the fed can have a direct surveillance feed from any surrogate 's eye . we glimpse Pov shot of -- drive -- drink in a bar -- intimate conversation -- watch a old movie - - a sex partner 's face . the figure before the screen be watcher drone , specialize surrogates -- a head and shoulder mount on a wheeled contraption attach to track . this enable they to move and stop at any monitor quickly , surveilling dozen of surrogates . male and female , but all have the same face . peter stare in wonder at this voyeur 's paradise . greer grab she arm to keep she from get hit as a watcher track past . the watcher ignore they , intent on work . they mount stair into the raised hub that overlook the work floor . a extremely corpulent human be -- bobby sander -- sit on a reinforce roll chair , which he keep in almost constant motion , eying the dozen screen up here at once . on screen - pove of actual criminal activity -- frantic run across a park -- a burglary in a darken jewelry store -- packet of drug change hand . bobby eat candy , guzzle soda , wave they off for a moment , speak rapid-fire into he headset . bobby burglary in progress , charlie4639 - romeo7812-sierra8955 , need a warrant to shut he down ... bobby get a message from he headset , kick he roll chair across the room to a special terminal . bobby ( cont 'd ) warrant receive . ( continued ) 40 . continued : this terminal display surrie serial number . as bobby type , the selection narrow until only one be on the screen : " c4639-r7812-s8955 . " peter ( whisper ) he can cut off operator from here ? bobby anybody , anywhere . ssh , do not tell anyone . it 's a gray area legally . peter be not comfortable with this . bobby ( cont 'd ) relax , we be the good guy . on terminal screen - " operator disconnect . " on the burglary screen , the Pov image tumble to the ground , freeze there and turn to static . greer nod , impressed . bobby eat a entire candy bar in one bite . peter you be not a surrogate , be you ? bobby wheel closer . with he mouth full : bobby no mar 'am , you be look at the genuine article . Bobby Sanders . he extend a greasy hand , which she shake lightly . peter Jennifer Peters . greer they have be try to puppet Bobby for year -- bobby ( point at he head ) ai not build the machine yet that can handle this baby . recognition search catch you dreaddie , screen 11 . they move to a screen numbered 11 , Bobby tap a control . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) on screen - slo - mo , a city street , jack strickland , a move pedestrian 's Pov . strickland 's lean on he bike , helmet off , talk on a cellphone , free hand shove in he pocket . the image freeze . the bike 's license plate highlight , along with strickland's face . greer peer at the time stamp . greer ten minute ago ? where ? bobby Baltimore , corner of Eastern and decker . get a feel he 's head for the reservation . greer ( to peter ) stay here , keep tabs on he . peter what be you do ? greer ( on the move ) get a chopper . Peters take this in , call after he : peter you need to get approval ! greer make a jerk off motion and be go . bobby let out a belch and wink at peter . CUT to : ext . baltimore slum - day with strickland , finish he cell call . strickland . maybe I be not do with the o.d . maybe you be not gonna get it back at all . guy could have a lot of fun with you little toy ... oh you can do better than that . I will be in touch ... he toss the cellphone in a trashcan , pull on he helmet , start the bike and peel out . 42 . ext . baltimore - day aerial shot - camera tracking over the chesapeake BAY and into the city , late afternoon . a small black chopper with doorless opening on either side enter frame . int . helicopter - day greer be beside a pilot , a handsome Hispanic surrie name LOPEZ . greer shout over the blade roar : greer we be close ! noise suppression ! LOPEZ nod , hit a couple of switch . the loud throb become a barely audible whirr . we hear peter ' voice over the radio : peter ( filter ) get a hit on the bike , half a mile from the rez , check you screen . on the chopper dash , a gps display of the nearby neighborhood , a blinking dot a short distance away . peter ( filter ) ( cont 'd ) Baltimore PD 's send back -up . you can not fly over dread territory , you know . we do not have jurisdiction -- greer click off the radio , turn to Lopez . greer ignore she , Lopez . get we as close as you can . LOPEZ grin -- and push the stick hard -- ext . baltimore - day the chopper bank and swoops almost silently . tnt . FBI build / surveillance CENTER - day bobby glance over at peter as she monitor a gps screen and various inset video feed . he continue to work as he flirt with she . bobby you really look like you surrie ? ( continued ) 43. continued : peter throw he a glare , turn back to she work . bobby ( cont 'd ) do not be so touchy . I be engage to B - 47 down there . he point to one of the many identical female drone buzzing along the track . peter smile . ext . baltimore slum - dusk strickland move briskly on he bike . he glance in he mirror and see -- --a couple of squad car catch up with he . he hit the throttle . another cop car roar around the corner ahead of he , squawks the siren . strickland change direction , veer into a narrow alley . int . helicopter - dusk LOPEZ and greer be directly overhead , watch strickland maneuver he bike quickly into the alley . ext . slum alley - dusk the alley be a dead end , a fence block the exit . strickland skid the bike into a crashing stop , knock over pile of garbage . a squad car barely clear the wall on either side , pursue . it stop at a narrowing space , cop squeeze out either door , aim gun . cop freeze ! strickland stumble away from he bike , into a alcove . the cop approach , gun ready . strickland yank off he helmet , pull he ominous device from he pocket . without poke he head out , he aim it in the cop direction . he presses a button . a row of red diode glow on the device as he sweep it across the alley , but it emit no projectile and make no sound . cop # 1 be closer - - he glass eye shatter . ( continued ) 44 . continued : cop # 2 drop he weapon , stagger backward and fall , clutching he head . int . helicopter - dusk greer have see this , horrify . greer Jesus , what be that ? strickland be on the run again , scale the fence . he have not spot the chopper . greer look in the direction he 's head -- a huge chain - link fence , top with barb wire , stretch across the whole city , just a hundred yard away . portrait of the prophet ( the man we hear on the radio ) , long -haire and bearded , adorn the fence . there 's a gate , with two guard check that enter , one or two people be wait . greer ( cont 'd ) he get through the gate , we can not touch he . greer ready a rifle with a scope , load a tranquilizer dart into the chamber . LOPEZ maneuver to give greer a angle out the chopper 's side . ext . slum alley - dusk strickland look up to see greer take aim from the silent chopper . he leap for cover behind a dumpster as -- greer fire a dart , which ricochet off the dumpster . strickland scramble around a corner . int . helicopter - dusk LOPEZ turn the bird forward to pursue , as greer reload . they round the corner . no sign of strickland on the pavement . greer look to he leave , beyond the pilot -- strickland have scale a fire escape , aim the device right at Lopez . greer see what 's about to happen -- greer pull up , Lopez , pull up ! ( continued ) 45 . continued : LOPEZ shoot the bird upwards , but -- ext . FIRE escape - dusk strickland raise the device to track Lopez and hit the button - - we see the red diode glow and -- int . helicopter - dusk -- LOPEZ be hit , he eye fragment , shard of glass fly . greer be close enough to get a partial hit , crouch in agony . sfx , a awful scream noise inside he head -- int . greer' apartment / bedroom - dusk scream noise continue as real greer spasm in pain in he stim-chair , in the sensory projector 's red light . ext . reservation no man' land - dusk the chopper , pilotless and out of control , head over the chain link fence . Beyond be vacant lot , with tent and makeshift hovel , small building . int . helicopter - dusk greer regains he sense , just in time to see -- the chopper careen down toward the dread encampment . ext . reservation no man' land - night the chopper crash on its skid , at a angle , amidst lean - tos and tent -- greer be throw out he side with the impact . the chopper' engine explode . the whirring tail rotor come right at he and chop off he leave arm at the elbow , burning fuel spread and ignite he back . lucky thing he 's a surrogate . less fortunate dread run scream , we hear the cry of wounded . greer lie in the dirt , in flame , motionless . then he eye blink and move , take in the sight of -- strickland , illuminate by the FIRE , horrify at the carnage . he 's start to move away from the wreck . ( continued ) 46 . continued : with supreme effort , greer get to he foot , still partly in flame . his stump of a arm SPARKS and leak hydraulic fluid . he react at the sight of -- a corpse on the ground , a older man crush by a hunk of debris from the chopper . but it 's not the corpse that interest he -- he dart rifle lie nearby , throw from the chopper during the crash . greer grab it in he right hand . he push past dread who move to help they injure fellow , panic in the fire - light no man 's land . he spot -- strickland , run into the distance . greer support the rifle with the stump of he miss arm and fire -- strickland be hit in the back , the force of the shot knock he off he foot . greer stride over to strickland , seemingly oblivious to the crowd of dread collect around he , point at he angrily . strickland twitches and moan , partly paralyze . greer stand over he , let the rifle dangle . strickland have some trouble speak . strickland oh my g-god -- why ? what do you people want from I ?! greer you be a killer -- strickland they be just surries ! goddamn machine ! greer ( a beat ) you really do not know ? blam ! a double - barrel shotgun blast throw greer backward , away from strickland . the dart rifle fly from he grasp . a heavyset female dread wield the saw - off shotgun . she get between greer and strickland , who manage to crawl away , vanish behind other dread who be gather around greer . greer ( cont 'd ) strickland ! wait ! ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) greer try to get up , a hole have be blow in he chest , expose sparking wire and electronics , spraying GREEN coolant . he 's lose control of he leg , which crumple beneath he , he fall to he knee . he 's surround now by angry , disenfranchise dread , all of whom regard he with hatred . the female dread eject the use cartridge and reload the shotgun . greer stare at she coldly . greer ( cont 'd ) I be a federal agent -- female dread you be a abomination . the woman pump the shotgun again point it a greer 's head . just as it goe off -- CUT to : int . greer' apartment / bedroom - night greer lurch out of he chair , yanking the sensory projector off he head -- the red light switch to white . he stumble out of the room into the hall . int . greer' apartment /hallway - night greer bang on the door to maggie 's bedroom , rattles the knob . a red glow from beneath she door . greer maggie ! wake up ! he 's clearly in pain , clutches he temple . blood begin to gush from he nose . greer slide down against the door , unable to stand . int . greer' apartment / maggie' room - night the door rattles , we hear greer call : greer please , I need you help ... open the door ! camera move through the red - lit room , to show the wire of a sensory projector , a partial view of maggie' head . 48 . int . greer' apartment / live room - night maggie ( she surrogate ) , in a tailore business suit , enter the apartment with BRIDGET , another gorgeous , high - fashion surrie in party clothes . they be laugh . BRIDGET -- we be talk turquoise ! I would not carry a purse that color , much less a whole new skin . maggie brb , I just gotta change . Little black dress or red bustier ? BRIDGET bustier . int . greer' apartment /hallway - night maggie almost trip over greer , unconscious on the floor . maggie oh my God . CUT to : ext . mountain road - night start on a mailbox with the name " peter , " as carlight catch it . as the car turn up the dirt road in this rural area in the Rockies , it flip its light off . int . peter ' house - night a pleasant , rustic home . jennifer peter , somewhat less perfect than she surrie , disconnect from she sensory projector . she look concerned , very tired . she rise from she stim chair and move into a kitchen . pull back - we be watch she through a window , with a very large and powerful - look stalker , later - peter in bed , fast asleep . a shadow cross she doorway , but move on . at her sensory projector , the stalker be scanning through she hard - drive 's memory . on screen - fast - forward rapidly through peter ' Pov , we see greer in the alley with the fall surries ... ( continued ) 49 . continued : the stalker , face illuminate by the screen 's glow , look expressionlessly toward Peters ' bedroom , then back to the image . his eye have a silvery , inhuman sheen . dissolve to : int . strickland's apartment - day early morning . strickland sleep fitfully in this gloomy , dingy space . he come to , startles at the sight of -- --a man sit at the foot of he bed . he 's very tall , impose , bearded , dress in black -- this be the prophet . strickland be cow , this be not a man you get a lot of face time with . prophet you have be keep secret , Jack . two large men now move into view , flanking the Prophet . call they bud and miller . they be scruffy , bearded , not surries . strickland no , Prophet , I --- prophet this be unfair to you brother human . strickland try to get out of bed , Bud push he down . strickland please , I have not do anything ... prophet I know what you have do . what I do not know be -- who hire you to betray we ? I want a name . strickland I -- I swear to God I do not know -- prophet Jack ... strickland he never say he name , we talk on disposable cellphone -- I have never even see he face ! I could not tell you who he be if my life depend it ! ( continued ) 50 . continued : on the Prophet 's disappointed , even sad expression ... dissolve to : int . hospital room - day close on a medical monitor - high - tech imaging of a human brain . move down to find greer ( the real one ) , asleep . a iv , bleeping monitor . uneaten lunch on a tray . maggie , she surrogate that be , sit in a chair beside the bed , she hand rest on greer 's . he stir -- she pull she hand back , return to she fashion magazine . a tv play above he bed , greer blink , squint at this . on tv - a small boy climb a very tall tree above a suburban sidewalk , pleasant music . suddenly , a branch break , the boy tumble with a cry . greer wince distastefully . on tv - now we see the boy again , perfectly fine , stand beside he mother . she stroke he head with a smile . they look down at he break surrogate on the ground beside the fall branch . commercial v.0. imagine a world where child be safe . always ... greer , watch the screen , address maggie . greer would you do that ? maggie ( not look up ) hm ? do what ? greer get a surrogate for we kid . we hypothetical kid . maggie sure . why not ? they be get cheaper all the time . commercial v.0. a world where every child be secure and fulfil ... ( continued ) 51 . continued : on tv - a little girl swing back and forth , a bliss - out smile on she face . commercial v.0 . ( cont 'd ) . free of pain , fear and anxiety ... in slo - mo she release at the top of the swing 's arc and fly into the air ... commercial v.o. ( cont 'd ) that world can be real . thanks to VSI . we software for grow mind screen out destructive , negative feeling ... the little girl land hard , but get up laugh . commercial v.0 . ( cont 'd ) make every childhood a happy one ... greer shake he head . greer it just seem weird to I . maggie ( chuckle ) we grandparent think seatbelt be weird . she nod toward the image of a smiling child on tv . maggie ( cont 'd ) not like it 's a issue . on tv - the VSI logo . commercial v.0. do what you want . be what you want . at the door , peter hover , make up she mind to enter . she step into the room . peter knock knock . greer blink at she . greer who 's there . - ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) peter it 's I , Peters , do not you recognize I ? greer ( almost to himself ) I think you might have be tell another joke . Peters seem relieved . maggie wait for a introduction , but greer seem withdraw , shy -- Peters have never see he physical body . maggie hi. I be maggie , Tom 's wife . peter a pleasure to meet you . Jennifer Peters . ( a glance at greer ) his new partner . maggie ( to greer , brightly ) you should have mention she . I need to get go anyway , I will let you two talk business . ( to peter ) I be a beauty engineer . Drop by the shop sometime , I will give you a free consultation . peter thanks ... ( as maggie leave ) I think . ( studying greer ) you look just like you unit . greer except older and fatter . sorry if I seem a little out of it . peter you have be through a lot . greer they be call it a concussion -- feel like my head be go to explode . with a brisk rap on the doorframe , stone enter . stone how ya ' feel , greer ? ( continued ) 53. continued : ( 3 ) greer shrink back in he bed . greer you tell I . how 's Lopez ? Stone sigh , look he over . quietly : stone the pilot ? they find he dead in he stim chair . same with one of the Baltimore cop , other 's in a coma . four dread be kill on the ground , half a dozen wounded . greer close he eye in misery . peter it 's not you fault . you be do you job . Stone pull up maggie 's chair , sit as he speak . stone I would have to disagree . you requisition that chopper without authorization . you violate we treaty with the dread -- we be expect retaliation . that poor cop have no idea what they be up against -- greer none of we do ! we still do not know . I do not think strickland even know -- he think he be just take down " the abomination . " stone I be sorry , greer , . but - - you be suspend , pend further action . greer nod slowly , know this be come . peter take a step back , look on carefully . greer take he laptop computer off the bedside table , open it so that Stone can see it . greer I have be go through my memory file of the crash ... ever see anything like this before ? on screen - a magnify close - up of the device in strickland be hand , as he point it upward at the helicopter . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 4 ) peter it 's the murder weapon ? greer nod , stone study the laptop , set he jaw . stone it 's more than that . it mean nobody be safe . the dread want we all to be like they -- live in fear , no better than animal . and we have only just freed ourselves , begin to explore we true potential . greer we need to get this guy . stone we will . we way of life will be protect , whatever it take . a attractive surrie nurse enter the room . nurse good news , Mr. greer . the doctor say you can go home today . greer ( nervous , throw ) they say the end of the week -- nurse insurance , you know . she smile , put he clothing by the bed and disconnect he from the iv and monitor . stone just take some time to heal . greer what about my surrogate ? stone have not been-recover . I be afraid we can not supply you with a new one until this matter be resolve . Peters , make sure he get home in one piece . peter nod , look at greer sympathetically . greer sink back into he pillow , anxious . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 5 ) on medical monitor - the image of greer' brain shut off with a blip . ext . hospital entrance - day peter stride from the door , greer follow , dress in casual clothes ... then slow he pace , breathe hard . greer be Pov - car zipping past on the street , rushing pedestrian , paramedics push a body past on a gurney . from greer 's now human perspective , surrogates seem artificial , appearance too perfect , eye empty of soul . this should be reeling , vertiginous . peter pause , see greer be have a panic attack . he have trouble speak . greer I have not be out without a surrogate in a long time ... peter it 's ok . nothing 's gonna happen . greer they want to give I something for the anxiety ... they call it corporeaphobia . peter just take my arm . he shake he head , take a deep breath and move out onto the sidewalk . Peters stay close . greer be Pov - surrie pedestrian , move quickly , seem to come right . at he . one bump into he -- greer stagger , the surrie move on as if he have not even notice . greer move toward the curb to get away from they , stumble -- peter have to pull he out of car traffic , a horn honk . he 's sweat , terrify . greer Jesus Christ . peter we need to get you a replacement . she take he arm forcibly and move he away . 56 . ext . surrogate discount store - day a low - end place , body display in the window in they charge bay , sign read " hurry 4 a surry ! giant sale ! synth unit new &amp ; used ! " peter guide greer inside . int . surrogate discount store - day coffin - size box , sensory projector and stim chair stack willy - nilly . bright light , video screen run promos . a slick , blond Aryan salesman approach with a grin . he size greer up , instantly recognize sign of withdrawal . he speak with a incongruous asian accent . salesman oh you poor guy -- out in just you skin can be scary . no worry , I get perfect surrie for you . he lead they deeper into the store . he wear a clip-on id badge with the smile face of a dark - haire asian . rack of attractive male and female body , in skimpy bathing suit -- differ height and degree of muscle . greer look this over . greer I like to see my own face when I look in the mirror . salesman Fine , you no buy off the rack -- we customize , on premise , less than one hour . as they move on , we glimpse celebrity look - alike on the rack -- marilyn monroe and elvis presley . later - on computer screen , a 3-d rendering of greer be face rotate , show expression , smile , frown -- and speak . a voice - print run below . greer' voice hello . testing-one-two-three ... the salesman work the computer , greer lie in a uncomfortable stim chair attach to a_sensory projector , red goggle over he eye and a camera point at he face . he seem uneasy . peter look on from nearby . ( continued ) 57 . continued : salesman no worry , we make you good deal , no payment till next year . just try one on for size . you like , we lock in you neural code , plastiform you face , you good to go . the salesman hit a couple of switch , slip a small sleeve over greer' finger , it 's wire to the projector . salesman ( cont 'd ) take a whirl . greer touch he finger together - -- he body instantly go limp and -- -a pale , hairless surrie template in a speedo step out of a charging BAY . its head be unfinish , a mechanical version of a skinless face . around its neck be a sign that read " 40 % off ! " salesman ( cont 'd ) look gooood . 40 % off I dunno ... the voice be a tinny , far-away sounding version of greer 's . suddenly 40 % off twitches and stumble , bump into a display . salesman try touch you nose . 40 % off poke himself in the eye . ' salesman ( cont 'd ) good , good . take some time to break in . base model come with vision , hearing -- other sense optional . 40 % off screw this . the surrie freeze in its track ... and slowly topples over as greer pull of the projector headpiece . the salesman set to righting it , greer head for the exit . salesman wait wait wait ! I throw in super - sex software package -- fifty percent off ! ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) peter we can try a department store -- if money 's a problem , I can front you till -- greer no. I be a grow man for chrissake , I should be able to walk down the street without completely freaking out . int . bar - day a bartender put a soda water and a glass of scotch on the bar in front of peter and the shaky greer . peter well , you make it a block . greer ( lift he glass ) here 's to self - medication . he take a sip and spit it out . the bartender turn . bartender be you all right , sir ? greer what be this ? the bartender give he a once-over . bartender oh , sorry . we do not get a lot of -- that 's synthohol . just a cpu inhibition blocker in a non - corrosive solution ... as the bartender speak , greer look around the dark bar -- -- in the back , every couple be gaze into each other 's eye , clearly hook up . greer continue to watch the other patron . greer you have any real booze ? bartender no liquor license . ( continued ) 59 . continued : the bartender shrug and move off . Peters sip she soda water , amused . peter come here often , stranger ? greer you know , they really do not look human . you can not tell when you be inside they , but ... greer turn to peter , study she like the other . peter I do not like the way you be look at I . greer but I be not really look at you . peter yeah yeah , this be just a lump of aluminum and polystyrene . tell you what , next time you be in Colorado , look I up for real . we can have a beer together . greer I would like that . peter blink , greer have suddenly get sincere on she . he look away . greer ( cont 'd ) you know , when we start work together , I think you be kind of a stiff . peter New job , I be defensive . greer it 's more than that ... you be different . or maybe I be . greer 's embarrassed , shrug it off . he put down a bill and rise . greer ( cont 'd ) you probably oughta head back to the office . peter I can get you home . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) greer I will be ok . he move toward the door , she tag along . greer ( cont 'd ) I be think you should double - check strickland 's record , go back to the hard copy . see if you can find out why they drop charge . peter you seem better already . greer it 's like riding a bike . ext . metro entrance - day subway , greer and peter walk , he spot a sign for the change direction to head for the escalator . peter where you go ? greer it 's a lovely day . think I would take a trip to East Baltimore . he pause at the top , a hit of vertigo . greer ( cont 'd ) be it always this steep ? peter Jesus , Tom , the rez ? greer since I be stick in my skin , I oughta take advantage of it . Hell , as long as strickland have that device -- I be safer this way . he clutches the handrail , start move down . peter be careful . he nod and wave as he disappear down the escalator . CUT to : 61 . int . FBI build / lobby - day peter enter this large lobby , bustling with other agent and official . she move toward a desk jockey , security scanner . she react to the sound of -- -- scream and screeching tire from outside the building . peter look toward a large window to the street -- and immediately dive for cover as -- --a batter suv , spray-paint with anti-surrogate graffiti , smashes through the plate glass . surrie pedestrian be plaster across the grill and embed in the windshield . the suv slam into a few surries in the lobby , send they fly or run over they . it spin sideways into a wall with the FBI seal overhead . the driver leap out , armed with a machine gun . he 's clearly a dread , angry and derange . he start shoot at anything that move . peter crouch for cover as bullet shatter glass and smash marble around she . a army of agent burst from a elevator in kevlar and riot helmet , armed with automatic rifle . they instantly bring the dread down in a barrage of gunfire . the agent move to the dread body -- he 's very dead , pour blood from dozen of bullet wound . one speak into he headset : riot agent secure . ( to crowd ) any biologicals here ? CUT to : int . taxicab - day a SMALL flat - panel tv in the back of the cab play news of the attack on the FBI building . pile of surries remove on cart , one body on a stretcher . news reader voice -- twenty -seven surrogates irreparably damage . only one dead , the attacker himself . ( more ) ( continued ) 62 . continued : news reader voice ( cont 'd ) his motive be unclear at this point , but may be a response to the recent incident at the Baltimore human reservation ... greer , in the back seat , take in this news grimly . the cabbie have be glance at he own monitor in front . cabbie goddamn dread ... sure you do not wanna change you mind ? greer I be sure . ext . baltimore slum - day late afternoon . greer emerge from a taxi near the same gate we see earlier . greer wobble , steady himself against the car as he pay the cabbie -- a drone surrogate , build into the seat . cabbie you ok , man ? greer just a little carsick . the taxi pull away , greer head for the gate . ext . reservation no man' land - day at the gate : metal sign read " human only - no surrogate . " greer go through a big , .old - fashioned ( present - day ) metal detector , the light flash GREEN . a dread guard wave he past . greer gesture toward one of the many image of the prophet to be find in the rez . greer where would I find the , the what do you call it , the Temple ? dread guard ten block that way , leave on bloomfield . greer thanks . ( eye the grim area ) catch a lotta surries tryin ' to sneak in , do ya ? ( continued ) 63. continued : dread guard piss off . as greer cross the rubble - strewn no man 's land , he pause , sicken as he see -- -- the burn - out helicopter hulk , now spray with grafitti . " pig die , " etc . and just beyond this -- -- what 's leave of greer' surrie , half the head blow off with fry electronics hang out . it 's be lash to a makeshift crucifix , make from the bent chopper blade . the clothing be shred , the remain spray-paint . greer , wary of be recognize , continue on . ext . reservation STREET - day greer walk through a poor but surprisingly pleasant neighborhood -- rowhouse , garden . very few car . dread look like ordinary work - class folk . a barbecue , a group of resident laugh and drink . greer inhale the smoke as he pass , smile to himself . a couple of friendly dog trot curiously after he for a moment , then return to the barbecue . greer , not pay attention , brushes past a elderly male pedestrian . greer Excuse I . pedestrian ( smile and nod ) no problem . a playground a short distance on , . lot of kide shriek and run . greer pause here , take this in . this be the first child we have see , outside of a tv ad . a cloud of diesel smoke from a decrepit bus . greer choke on this , but do not seem displease . his body language have become more relaxed as he get further into the rez , get he land leg back . int . reservation temple - day a cavernous convention center , thousand of fold chair face a raise pulpit at one end . behind this be a supergraphic of the prophet , hand raise in benediction . ( continued ) 64 . continued : greer enter , take this in . he spot a cleaning lady , a older woman sweeping up amidst the row nearby . greer Excuse I . you would not happen to know a Jack strickland ? I be tell he work here off and on . cleaning lady ( nods ) you be here for the service ? it 's in the park . ext . reservation park - dusk greer move down a path in this expanse of greenery . he come to a open lawn with a fairly large crowd gather , illuminate by a flaming torch . the prophet be speak . he stand before a platform atop wooden scaffold , firewood pile below . a formidable ring of bodyguard stand between he and the gather throng of dread . prophet -- serve faithfully beside we in the cause of humanity . _ I have the privilege of hearing he confession shortly before he death . greer have push he way gently toward the front to get a look at the body atop the funeral bier . the corpse atop the bier be that of jack strickland , eye close , hand fold . prophet ( cont 'd ) and I know he would have rejoice in the day of resurrection , the day for which we be all prepare , the day I promise you be close at hand ... so say , the prophet lift the torch and touch it to the base of the pyre , which erupt in flame . close on strickland as the flame lick up around he . later , the bier consume in FIRE , the mourner disperse . the prophet be move away , handlers surround he . greer tag along -- but one of the Prophet 's goons , bud , get in he face . ( continued ) 65 continued : bud who be you ? greer what happen to Jack strickland ? bud he slip and fall . friend of yours ? greer start to move around he , Bud get in he way . greer I would like a word with the Prophet . bud you and everyone else . miller and adam , another goon , now join they . greer strickland be carry a weapon . if it be not recover , there could be serious consequence -- for all of you . in bg , the prophet and handlers head toward a large rv . miller you some kinda cop ? where 's you puppet ? greer need repair . miller you armed ? greer shake he head , raise he hand . greer frisk I if you want . miller no , that 's ok . with that , he throw a sucker punch to the gut . greer double over . he seem amaze at the sensation , the pain . but he recover , throw a wild punch at Miller a d miss by a foot . [ violence for greer in human form should have a very different , painfully visceral feel , unlike when he be a surrogate . ] ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) adam crack greer across the back of he head . greer fall to the ground . bud kick he once . greer choke and groan in pain . miller ( cont 'd ) hurt , do not it . bud it 's a bitch be real . greer let out a primal cry and lunge at miller , drive he head into the man 's torso , knock the wind out of he before the other two can pull greer back . adam I think he like it . miller ( catch he breath ) so give he some more . outnumber three to one , greer take a beat , continue to throw mostly ineffective punch that just cause the man to redouble they effort . finally , he 's limp in they arm . Miller pluck greer 's wallet and badge from he pocket , examine they . as he do so , greer spit blood on the man 's face . Miller seem about to whomp he again , but stop himself . miller ( cont 'd ) not gonna give you the satisfaction . ( to Bud and Adams ) get he out of here . Miller toss greer 's id at he , then move toward the rv , leave greer gasp in the clutches of Bud and Adams , light by the flame from the funeral pyre . int . prophet be rv - night a spartan interior . miller enter . the prophet stand with a couple of handlers . handler trouble ? miller some feed name greer , he want to talk to the Prophet . ( continued ) 67 . continued : handler about that turkey shoot in DC ? miller do not come up . Said they want strickland 's weapon . prophet well , maybe I will just have to bring it to they doorstep ... in the Prophet 's hand , we now see -- -- the mysterious device with which strickland kill he target . ext . reservation no man' land - night greer be half - drag , half - carry , back the way he come , flanke by bud and adam . greer suck on he bleeding lip , work he tongue around in he mouth . he touch part of he bruise body carefully . bud guy like you ought not be out in just you skin . greer I be start to see you point . at the gate - greer leave , try to muster as much dignity as he can . the dread guard call sarcastically after he . dread guard come again real soon ! ext . baltimore slum - night greer trudge along the seedy street . he look a mess -- tear clothing , bloodstain , bruise . suddenly he 's shove from behind , fall to the pavement . wheel oops . the assailant be a freak surrie -- extra arm , wheel where he foot should be . a moment later , greer be surround by three rich , freaky teens . ( continued ) 68 . continued : they have customize they surries in completely bizarre way , in addition to the usual tattoo and piercing . besides wheel , there 's a hairless teen with six eye scattered around he head . a girl have spike stick out of she skull and flesh and reptile skin . eye watch where you be go , meat . spike what be you doin ' off the rez ? she bump against greer as he pick himself up , he shrink from the spike . she shoot a small blast of flame from she nostril , then giggle . greer I be not a dread . wheel then you oughta return that surrie , look like shit . wheel come at greer again , greer move and trip he -- but he just land on a extra arm and rights himself . eye hey , it want to play . eye lower he head and move to butt he . greer dodge , it look like a bullfight . spike ole , toro ! they turn , hearing a screech of tire . a limousine have pull up . a 10 - year- old boy climb from the back and approach . boy agent greer . would you like a ride ? the kid 's voice sound like a child 's , but with mature cadence to he speech . - wheel check out richie Rich . the driver of the limo step out -- it 's armando from canter 's lobby . he let he jacket fall open , revealing a holstered sidearm . ( continued ) 69 continued : ( 2 ) armando we get a problem here ? the freak retreat with dirty look . spike fascist . the boy move back toward the limo . greer follow . boy ( be : the freak ) so many unforeseen consequence to the surrogate revolution ... I suppose I should apologize . greer who be you ? int . limo -- night as greer climb in , the boy hand he back he own business card , the one greer leave with canter . boy / canter you leave this on my desk . armando have get behind the wheel , start move . greer look at the boy , amaze . greer canter ? boy / canter it 's not safe for I to use my usual surrogates . this be one of VSI 's . new model . not that the market will be that strong , the birthrate be what it be . greer you be have I follow . boy / canter you know how important this investigation be to I . greer ( a beat ) the man who kill you son be dead . Boy / canter absorb this . ( continued ) 70 . continued : boy / canter I want you to tell I everything . greer I suppose you deserve that . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - night the limo drive along the potomac near the city . int . limo - night greer hold ice to he swollen face . boy / canter this strickland character . I do not believe he could have be act on he own . greer why not ? you stand for everything the humanist hate -- boy / canter then why would he own people murder-him ? greer he would outlive he usefulness . with I all over he ass , he be become a security risk -- boy / canter to kill someone remotely -- it would take a virus presumably , one that could get past every firewall protect a surrie 's circuitry -- then once in the cpu , override all the fail - safe and cause catastrophic brain damage ... greer presumably . boy / canter we be talk about a extraordinarily sophisticated technology , do not you think ? the dread do not come up with it , - they do not even like to use cellphone . ( continued ) 71 . continued : greer ( exasperated ) ok , fine . maybe we have get we head up we own ass -- boy / canter maybe that 's exactly where you should be look . greer take a second to absorb this . greer so now you be the victim of a government conspiracy ? boy / canter I think this be you stop . ext . greer' build - night the limo stop , a light rain now fall . greer get out and close the door , the rear window roll down . boy / canter somebody hire strickland . you will know who that be when you trace the weapon . greer you really do not need to do my job for I . Boy / canter take in greer 's dishevel state . boy / canter yes , I can see you have get thing under control . the limo pull away . greer pause , look up at the sky , let the rain wash over he face . int . greer' apartment / live room - night a electrical arc jump from a glass tube to a male nostril . wider , the guy take the jolt be a lanky male model name brian . his face go slack . atmospheric music plays . ( continued ) 72 . continued : maggie and BRIDGET be squeeze together on the couch in greer 's apartment with brian and a french hunk name andre , who speak with a slight accent . everyone be pretty high . Andre close one eye , then the other , pupil turn inward . andre think my nose be too big ... maggie for what ? andre ( squeezing it ) I be go to have it replace . BRIDGET while you be at it -- I be so sick of twelve- inch dick . maggie chuckle . on the coffee table before they sit a small jacker , like the one we see in the underground club . the foursome pass a single electrical tube around , attach by a cord to the device . Andre and Bridget have clearly couple up , Brian touch maggie 's leg casually from time to time . andre what do you want , we be man . brian ( come out of it ) why be that ? why do we all have to be man and woman ? I would rather be -- I dunno , a lion . or a eagle . maggie mm. a spaceship . or a cloud . brian ( beat ) a cloud ? maggie shrug . she lift the hair from the nape of she neck , move the glass tube there . Brian hold she close . the electrical arc -- maggie gasp with pleasure , transport . a moment later , Andre notice that greer have enter quietly during the above , stare at the foursome . ( continued ) 73. continued : ( 2 ) andre do not look now . some homeless meatbag just wander in . maggie have blank out for the moment . Bridget turn . BRIDGET that 's maggie 's husband . hi Tom . she give he a little wave . greer move past they , toward the kitchen , and disappear . maggie come out of she trance , blink and sigh . maggie Excuse I . she hurry after he . Brian shrug , grab the tube and start to unzip he pants -- int . greer' apartment / kitchen - night greer have remove a old , yellow first - aid kit from under the sink , during the scene he clean up cut , open he shirt to check he bruise rib , etc . maggie what happen to you ? I think you be - spend another night in the hospital . greer obviously . you know I do not like you jack in the house . he find a untouched , dusty bottle of scotch , sniff it and pour a drink . maggie look he over . maggie somebody beat you up ? how could you go out like that ? as maggie speak , she move to he side , touch he injury gently , truly concerned . greer flinch back . maggie ( cont 'd ) what be you think , Tom ? you . could have be kill . greer just find out how the other half life . ( continued ) 74 . continued : greer take a long drink , gesture toward the live room . greer ( cont 'd ) so what 's he name ? maggie oh please , grow up . greer ( nods glumly ) I suppose it do not matter . since , as you keep tell I , it do not mean anything . nothing do . greer pour another drink . maggie I do not expect you to understand this . but once in a while , I like to be around people who do not hate be alive . greer alive . be that what they be out there ? she shake she head and return to the live room . int . greer' apartment / live room - night maggie , BRIDGET , brian and andre be still party -- in fact , Bridget and Andre be start to make out -- when greer re-enter , in a raincoat , he 's a little tipsy . the bottle poke out of a pocket . brian hey . you really a G-man ? greer pause , stare at the man . brian ( cont 'd ) can I ask you something ? be it true you guy be tapping into we surries ? watch everything we do , twenty - four seven ? greer ( a beat ) of course not . ( continued ) 75 . continued : greer start to move across the room again , head for the door . Brian smirk , speak quietly , think only the other will hear . as he touch maggie 's leg : brian would not want he spying on we tonight ... greer spin near the door and , without break stride , return to the couch . greer Excuse I . Brian turn , start to rise . greer grab the man and hurl he backwards onto the glass coffee table which shatter . the other three back away . after a stunne moment , Brian start laughing , very hard -- obviously , he have not feel a thing . maggie Tom , the table ! greer step over the couch calmly and begin punching and kicking the surrie on the floor , work off pent- up rage . brian just keep laughing . soon greer 's hand be cut and bleed , he 's panting , exhaust . maggie finally succeed in pull he away . - brian sit up , he face be dented , the plastic skin stretched and torn . brian could we do it again ? andre ( chuckling ) oh man , you face . brian I be get sick of it , anyway . as Brian pick bit of glass out of he plastic flesh , Andre suddenly realize he jacker be smashed , examine the piece with a moan . greer guess the party 's over . maggie follow greer to the door . they speak in hushed tone : ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 2 ) maggie what be the point of that ? greer do everything have to have a point ? greer take a breath , bow he head . greer ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I just want we to -- to connect again . to have a family , to have a life . ( grab she arm ) we can not do it through this wall of plastic . maggie pull away , he bloody hand have leave mark on she blouse . maggie I be sorry , too . but this be my life . she look at he sadly and return to she guest . after a beat , greer head out the door . ext . FBI build - night greer walk in the rain through nearly empty street toward the modern headquarters in Washington . there be board over the shattered window in front . int . FBI lobby - night quiet at this hour . a desk jockey look up as greer approach , careful to conceal the bottle . desk jockey be that you , greer ? greer in the flesh . he take in the damage to the lobby , the police tape , the attacker 's chalk silhouette . desk jockey you miss all the excitement . greer saw it on tv . ( continued ) 77 . continued : he pass the surrie scanner and hold he hand over a fingerprint machine , which confirm he identity . a plexiglas door unlock automatically . desk jockey say here you be on suspension . greer mm. just clean out my desk . desk jockey ( eying he ) y'know , you be thin on top . greer Nice of you to notice . you remember where the rest room be ? desk jockey they mostly use them for storage . think the one on four still work . greer nod and continue in . int . FBI build / charging room - night dozen of surrogate agent be line up against the wall in here , in they foam charging bay . camera find peter in they midst . her bay hum and she blink , become animated . she step out of the bay . int . FBI build / greer' office - night greer have he foot up on he desk , the bottle beside he . there be cardboard box of document nearby . peter enter , greer look up at she . peter get you message . greer hope I do not wake you . peter after what happen here today I could not sleep . greer you tell anyone I be go out to the rez ? canter , for example ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : peter ( taken aback ) no . of course not . greer study she a beat , decide she 's sincere . a sigh . Peters sit on he desk , study he . peter ( cont 'd ) you look terrible . greer not half as bad as I feel . greer refill he coffee cup with scotch , hold the bottle out to she questioningly . peter no thanks . greer come on . just pretend to get drunk with I . Peters shake she head with a smile . greer shrug , take a long drink , sigh and rub he sore neck . greer ( cont 'd ) feel like I have be asleep for year -- now I wake up a old man . rip Van frigging winkle ... Peters move behind he , begin rub he shoulder , a massage . greer ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? peter you look like you need it . greer I be not sure how kosher this be ... peter relax . it 's not I , it 's not a woman touch you -- it 's just a machine . greer do feel good ... better than a stim chair . he allow himself to enjoy it for a moment , bow he head . ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) greer ( cont 'd ) you ever feel like it 's ... over ? peter what . greer us. people . the stuff that use to make the world make sense . that make we ... human . I do not know , morality , love . whatever . ( beat ) yeah , yeah , they be probably say that back in ancient Rome . peter we always think technology 's go to improve we life , but ... greer what life ? a beat , greer sit up and pull away from she touch . he hold up a hand and let it fall . greer ( cont 'd ) this have become obsolete . someday soon , we will all just be brain in jar . peter maybe not . I have a feel people be go to come to they sense eventually . greer ( shaking he head ) you can not unring a bell . ( turn toward she ) think you be the one all into the brave new world . peter be stare at she own plastic hand . she look up at greer , change the subject . peter I find out about strickland . she gesture to the box of document . peter ( cont 'd ) all the chaos , I be able to waltz right into the record department . ( more ) ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 3 ) peter ( cont 'd ) the case file be remove , but there be a paper trail from payroll ... strickland be a informant . greer ( perking up ) for we ? who be run he ? peter be not in the paperwork . but he must have be sell intel on the Prophet . greer have rise , move restlessly around the room . greer so the Prophet have he kill . and we have to assume he now have the power to kill anyone he want ... CUT to : - day int . marine base / colonel brandon' office close on a photo of the device in strickland 's hand . the image have be enlarged , give a pretty clear view of the weapon . brandon where would you get this photo ? greer sit opposite colonel brandon at the man 's desk , a flag and other military memorabilia on display . greer eye the colonel , know something 's up . greer it 's from my memory . damn thing put I in the hospital . brandon wish I could help . greer kill a couple of cop as well . we believe this weapon -- the one that do not exist -- be in the hand of the human Coalition . brandon be finally lose he composure . ( continued ) 81 . continued : brandon if this be true ... we be go to have to do everything in our- power to recover it . do you have any idea how serious this be ? greer I be hope you would tell I . brandon look conflict , finally open up . brandon this be absolutely off the record . ( off greer 's nod ) it 's call a overload device , or o.d . they be brand new , only a handful exist . but I check , run every serial number -- all account for . greer not this one . maybe it never get to you guy in the first place . who make they ? brandon it 's a darpa design , subcontract to pierson Defense . the idea be to create a non-lethal weapon that could disable every surrie in the field . you beam a software virus straight to the cpu . the fail - safe kick in and the operator be cut off . circuit all melt down in second , you be leave with a field full of scrap . greer you win the battle with one shot . ( beat ) let I guess . you find a way around the fail - safe . brandon ( grim nod ) just a few line of code , the connection stay open . we try it on soldier volunteer ... once . the virus cause every neuron to fire at the same time . melted they brain . greer so it 's a assassination tool . ( continued ) 82. continued : ( 2 ) brandon at the flick of a switch . CUT to : int . beauty shop - day close on a woman' face be carefully peel off the mechanical underpinnings . funky music play . wider , BRIDGET lean over the body , put the old face aside . a row of exotic new face on a rack nearby . Bridget begin manipulate the underlying musculature , change cheekbone , etc , use delicate tool . BRIDGET she want blue eye the size of golf ball , bee-st lip and a tiny ski-jump nose ... maggie boop-oop-a-doop . BRIDGET exactly . nearby , maggie work on a brown-skinn hand . she stare through a mount magnifying loupe , embed tiny jewel in the skin of the finger . she use tweezer and a tiny blowtorch . after a moment , we realize the hand have be disconnect from the body , mount on a brace . maggie you talk she down , I hope . BRIDGET yes , thank God , we be do a modify audrey hepburn . maggie glance over at Bridget 's work admiringly . maggie I would love you to raise my cheekbone a half - inch , but Tom would go ballistic . the door chime , Bridget look up . BRIDGET speak of the ball and chain ... as greer approach , a few of the beauty engineer glance up , then return to they business . ( continued ) 83. continued : this place be a cross between a beautician 's and a auto body repair shop . surries in chair that maneuver into all kind of position . not only be they have nail and hair do , but leg lengthen , breast enlarge , etc . ( Operators check in they body and leave they there for modification . ) BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) hiya , Tom . maggie I do not hear you come home last night . greer worked late . I would really like to sit down and talk with you . maggie I can take a break -- greer no , maggie , face to face . the two of we , for real . BRIDGET be get uncomfortable . BRIDGET this smile muscle need to set . she exit with a look at maggie . maggie stop work and turn to greer , speak passionately . maggie Tom , do not you get it ? that body in we apartment -- the one you call real - -- it be not I . I be right here . greer honey , if you be worried about the way you look -- it do not matter , it never do -- maggie exactly ! what matter be who I choose to be . as the conversation get more heat , co-worker pointedly turn away , while eavesdropp . greer I marry a person , you be choose to be a thing . ( more ) ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) greer ( cont 'd ) and I be so sick of be surround by thing -- young , beautiful thing . maggie well that 's you problem , be not it . if you can be young and beautiful and feel good all the time -- why would anyone choose anything else ? greer because it 's bullshit . because we be human , like it or not . maggie Jesus , Tom . you sound like a dread . maggie turn back to what she be do . greer have trouble swallow he anger . greer I may just have to kick down you bedroom door . maggie ( not look up ) I would never forgive you . greer then maybe I should just move out . maggie do what you want ... greer ( a beat ) that 's a commercial . greer turn and exit . maggie glance after he with a mixture of anger and regret , then return to she work . dissolve to : ext . cheap HOTEL - night establish a dreary place near the highway . a red glow from a number of window ... find a window illuminate by white light . we see greer within . 85 . - int . cheap HOTEL room - night a bland room , a low - rent chain . greer unzip a suitcase , open it . on the top be a wedding photo of maggie and greer , much young . he place this on the bedside table , move for the bathroom . int . HOTEL bathroom - night greer , in a towel now , have finish a shower . he wipe steam off the mirror and take a hard look at himself -- he wear face and batter , very human body . dissolve to : int . FBI build / greer' office - day on a computer screen - american flag , the logo for pierson defense . a corporate website . push close -- in tiny letter at the bottom of the screen : " a division of virtual self industry . " greer take this in . he 's at he computer , first thing in the morning , with a cup of take - out coffee . peter be go through the box of document we see earlier . when she glance toward he , he clear the screen . peter what you work on ? greer just check e-mail . peter I think you hide thing from I . greer do not be ridiculous . ( take a sip , wince ) this stuff be awful . he 'scall up a new file -- on screen - the name " lionel canter " follow by the word " classified - scan require . " a moment later , we see greer' image , a light flicker from the webcam on the monitor frame . then the word " unauthorized user . " ( continued ) 86 . continued : greer sit back , frustrated . peter what do aos stand for ? I keep come across it on this invoice . " Advance on salary ? " greer think - a moment of revelation . he move to look over Peters ' shoulder . greer what do you suppose VSI have against canter ? peter against he ? he 's one of they . ( considering it ) ' course , since he own the patent on surrogate technology , they must have to pay he billion . greer ( shake he head ) he die , they still have to pay he estate . peter wait a minute . you think VSI hire strickland to kill canter ? greer there be a middleman . as he move for the door , he point at she paperwork . greer ( cont 'd ) to authorize informant payment , agent in charge have to initial ... as he exit , Peters look back down at the document . the scrawle initial " aos " on a invoice . CUT to : int . FBI build / bullpen - day close on a nameplate outside a door , the word " andrew 0 . stone , director surrogate crime division . " greer approach the open door , move through a hubbub of agent work in open cubicle . agent nakata sit at a desk by Stone 's door . ( , continued ) 87 . continued : nakata - hey , Tom . think you be on leave . greer just clean out my desk . a moment later , stone poke he head out . stone greer ! you have be clean out you desk for two day . you should be home recuperate . greer just about do , sir . greer start to move away , turn back . greer ( cont 'd ) I almost forget . Victor Welch send he regards . Stone shake he head , feign incomprehension : stone I be sorry ? greer guy at VSI . you look forward to move to the private sector --? nakata be listen curiously . Stone angrily gesture for greer to come into he office , he do not want to have this conversation in public . greer keep speak as he head inside . greer ( cont 'd ) will you finish out the year ? we be sure gonna miss you around here ... stone slam the door . int . FBI build / stone's office - day greer keep speak calmly , as if there be no tension in the air . greer I know it 's hard to resist , better hour , better pay -- stone Welch tell you about this ? ( continued ) 88. continued : greer ( beat , grin ) no . I be just fishing . stone you have suffer brain damage , greer . let 's hope it be not permanent . greer ( grin fading ) all surveillance on the Prophet go through this office . Jack strickland be one of you stooly . why the hell do not you say something ? stone just stare at he , narrowing he eye . greer ( cont 'd ) two cop die . you know he have the 0 . D .-- stone I have no idea what you be talk about -- greer -- because you give it to he . VSI make they -- they hand one to you -- and you choose the trigger man . you own little black op . if anyone look , they blame the dread . but strickland do not follow the plan , do he ? he do not give you back the 0 . D. like he be suppose to . stone be you do with this paranoid fantasy --? greer not quite . what I can not figure out be why . why kill canter ? stone stare at greer , angry and defiant . he move to he desk , type into he computer . greer approach slowly . stone I be issue order for you detention . you mind be not right , you have become a threat to national security . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) greer slip a letter opener off of Stone 's desk as he near . his hand be shaking . suddenly -- --stone yank open a drawer and lunge for a gun . but before he can bring it to bear -- -- greer stab he in the back of the head , skewering stone's cpu . stone freeze , hunch over he desk , gun in hand . greer just stare at what he 's do for a moment , amaze . then he wave a hand in front of Stone 's open eye , make sure he 's out , and -- -- carefully pries off a plate and remove stone be motherboard , place it on the desk . greer pull the gun out of Stone 's hand , roll he back in front of he desk , propped up to face the computer . greer crouch behind he , operate the keyboard by reach around he boss ' body . on computer - greer type in a request for a file on lionel canter . the word " classified - identity scan require " appear . greer push the chair a bit closer to the computer , ducking down , lift Stone 's head by the hair . the monitor momentarily display stone's face . a light go on in the corner of the frame , scan Stone . " authorized user " appear . greer peek up again , continue he work . on screen - a headshot of canter , ream of classified info . greer hit print . int . FBI build / bullpen - day greer emerge , a stack of paper in he hand . he give a nod to nakata , who nod back as he answer he ringing phone . before he can even say a word : stone ( filter ) this be Stone ! nakata look toward the office , start to rise . nakata what do you need , sir ? 90 . int . stone's study - day upscale . the real stone , a good deal heavier than he surrogate , be sit in boxer short at the edge of he stim chair , a phone in he hand . stone sonofabitch greer disabled my surrie , stop he ! int . FBI build / stairwell - day greer take a couple step at a time . he 's on he phone . greer just meet I in the garage -- leave the trunk open ! as he round a corner , he come face to face with -- -- a pair of agent , each carry a handgun . they approach from below . agent # 1 Tom , we do not want to hurt you . greer nod and raise he hand , resign -- he still clutches the papers . as agent # 1 near , greer suddenly -- -- plant a foot in the man 's chest , send he crash into agent # 2 . both man topple down the stair , FIRE they gun wildly . greer have also lose he balance and drop some papers , which he have to scoop up as he claw for the . doorway and dash through . int . FBI build / parking garage - day peter wait near a idling sedan , the trunk OPEN . greer dive inside , she slam it and get behind the wheel . she peel out , go up a few level . at a exit gate - a FBI guard look inside . FBI guard they be look for Tom greer . you see he ? she shake she head , he press a button to open the gate and wave she through . 91 . ext . park - day the FBI sedan drive down a curving , forest road . int . FBI car - day peter drive , greer in the passenger seat , poring over the papers . greer ever hear of the human Defense League ? peter sure , the extremist wing of the anti-surrogate movement . greer accord to this , they number one supporter be lionel canter . peter what ? the father of surrogacy ? impossible . greer say he 's funnel billion into they organization . not to mention direct support for the man who call himself the Prophet . canter 's buy he land , lawyer ... and enough weapon to start a war . ext . reservation no man' land - day the dread emerge from tent and shack at the sound of a nearby rumbling . angle through fence - bulldozer , tank , uniform national guardsmen ( all surrogates with the same face ) be assemble on the perimeter of the dread reservation . they carry non- lethal taser wand and rifle . a officer move to the front , carry a walkie - talkie . in response to a command , he turn and signal to the troops behind he and -- -- the bulldozer start plowing down the fence . as guardsman move past he , the officer call out : ( continued ) 92 . continued : officer we all know what we be look for ! remember this be biologicals , do not fire unless absolutely necessary ! int . cheap HOTEL room - day paperwork spread on a table before peter . peter swiss account , anonymous wire transfer , unattribute testimony -- this be not proof . wider - greer lie in he clothes on the bed , bone tired , a flat - screen tv play silently . greer not enough for a courtroom . but VSI know that if lionel canter suffer a mysterious brain hemmorhage , the power that be would not be terribly upset . peter he 's not some kind of monster , you know . canter 's initial research be in prosthetics -- for amputee , quadriplegics ... people with degenerative disease . maybe he feel he technology 's be pervert . maybe it have . greer study she with interest , she tone be strangely passionate . greer I have no idea you be such a humanist . peter look away -- then react to something on tv , grab a remote and turn up the volume . on tv screen - hand -held footage as national guard troops move across the dread reservation no man 's land , use taser wand to subdue resisting dread , frisk they and rifling through possession as they upend dwelling . ( continued ) 93. continued : anchor -- unit of the maryland National Guard move into the East Baltimore human reservation this morning , in a search for contraband weapon ... greer know what this be about . greer Colonel brandon do not waste any time . peter they be look for the 0 . D. greer the what ? peter ( a beat ) be not that what you call it ? what do it stand for again ? greer overload device . she nod and turn nonchalantly back to the paperwork . as she do so , greer cock he head and study she . protect brand 's confidence , he never tell she what the device be call . peter so what do we do about Stone ? greer I call and tell he I will take early retirement with full pension benefit . in return for keep he little secret . peter that be not funny . greer I be not laugh . peter ( rise ) I do not believe you -- they kill canter 's son , a college kid , he whole life ahead of he ! do not we owe he something ? she 's genuinely upset . greer will not meet she eye . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) greer can not bring he back . peter ( enraged ) they will come after canter again -- but you be just go to deposit you pension check , look the other way and let he die . greer ( look at she ) maybe he 's get it come . peter ( betraye ) I think you be a cop . I think you be a human be . peter march out of there and slam the door on the way out . greer wait a few moment , he mind racing -- then he move for the door himself . int . rental agency - day greer move from a desk with a pretty rental agent , work at a small hand - hold computer . logos for global synth rental . rental agent we nearest rental office be just outside Denver , the car and phone will be extra -- greer I be only gonna be there a couple hour . she lead he toward a curtain booth , one of many here . red glow emanate from a few . rental agent do you want to customize --? greer generic 's fine . she pull back a curtain to reveal a stim - chair and a sensory projector . CUT to : 95 . int . reservation temple -- day the prophet stand with a mic before a large crowd pack into the place , sound of chaos from outside . guardsmen be move into the temple , methodically search that inside . - prophet have no fear , the day of resurrection be at hand ! a team of guardsmen move to surround the Prophet , he bodyguard struggle with they . prophet ( cont 'd ) no ! do not resist ! the oppressor shall soon fall , never to rise again ... ignoring he , some bodyguard pull handggun and FIRE on the surrogate guardsmen , who immediately return FIRE with automatic weapon . bud and miller , the Prophet 's right hand man , both take bullet and go down . the prophet manage to escape out a side exit during this gunfire -- but a stray bullet catch he in the back as he flee . ext . reservation temple - day as he run from the building , the prophet be tackled by a guardsman . he turn the man over , the Prophet 's eye be empty , he head loll back . a blood - curdling scream from nearby as a young female dread take this in . young dread they have kill he ! they have kill the Prophet ! other dread nearby react , the cry spread . with the guardsman , examine the body . the Prophet be already rigid ... and GREEN coolant be spread from a exit wound in he chest . a guardsman rip open he shirt , poke at the wound -- electronics and torn plastic . the guardsman 's amaze , get on he walkie - talkie . ( continued ) 96 . continued : guardsman Captain , you would better come see this . nearby guardsman react to the furious dread mass around they . a grenade land nearby , guardsman # 2 throw himself on it , he surrie blows up . gunfire erupt nearby , a molotov cocktail sail through the air . guardsman # 3 we need to clear out ! CUT to : ext . mountain road - day late in the afternoon . Rolling green hill , tree , a rural area . a white compact car pull up a dirt road , past the mailbox with " peter " paint on it . ext . peter ' house - day the compact pull to a stop . generic / greer climb out of the car . he 's blandly handsome , in a business suit , with perfect hair that look glue in place . his movement be stilted , this be a cheap model and he 's not use to it . generic / greer step onto the porch , knock on the door . no answer . he try the knob -- lock . int . rental agency / booth - day match-cut Pov of peter ' door on a sensory projector screen . real greer in a rental stim-chair , bath in red light . his face twitches slightly , as if have a bad dream . ext . peter ' house - day his voice be deep , again generic . generic / greer Peters ! it 's I , Tom greer ! he move along the side of the house , peer in a window -- ( continued ) 97 . continued : angle through window - a stim - chair sit empty . dangle wire , the sensory projector and hard drive have be steal . generic / greer smashes the window with he fist and climb inside . int . peter ' house - day generic / greer move quickly through the house -- generic / greer Peters ! be you here ?! he try a couple of door , find a locked one , turn the latch -- step lead to the basement . int . peter ' basement - day generic / greer flip a light switch at the top of the stair , bare bulb come on -- angle down -- the real peter lie at the base of the stair , in she stain , tear nightgown , motionless . a pool of blood from she head ... she neck be twisted at a strange angle . int . rental agency / booth - day greer wince with the shock of this . int . peter ' basement - day generic / greer hurry down the stair to real peter . generic / greer oh my God , Jennifer -- he can see she neck be break , he can not move she . her eye be close , lip parched , hair matte with blood from a gash in she scalp . generic / greer lean close , take she pulse . suddenly she eye open . she speak with difficulty . real peter who be you ? generic / greer Tom greer . you partner . ( continued ) 98 . continued : real peter - greer ...? generic / greer there be not time , I rent a generic real peter how do I know --? prove you be greer . he 's already dial 9 - 1 - 1 on a cellphone . generic / greer you can not stand I , I be old school , seat - of - the pants -- ( connect , on phone ) 319 yes , I need a ambulance at mountainview , there 's a woman , I think she neck be break -- ( to peter ) how long have you be down here ? real peter Three day I think ... generic / greer ( into phone ) please , hurry ... ( hang up ) they be on the way . somebody 's be use you surrogate . real peter what ? generic / greer you -- it 's be show up to work every day . real peter no , I - - the night you chopper go down ... I wake up and somebody be here ... I fight with he , but he be so strong -- wipe Peters be get distraught . generic / greer gently she brow . generic / greer ssh , relax -- real peter he try to bring I down here , we fall ... ( more ) ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 2 ) real peter ( cont 'd ) he take my memory -- the whole investigation . he say he be go to do my job for I . a beat . they eye meet as the realization hit generic / greer . generic / greer ( under he breath ) canter . real peter it have to be ... oh God , I be so cold ... she clearly have be fight to stay alive , just to tell someone what happen . real peter ( cont 'd ) would have be nice to meet you in person ... she now close she eye . greer agonize . generic / greer Peters , hang on , please -- it will not be long ... he rise , find a old blanket to put around she . real peter thirsty ... int . peter ' kitchen - night generic / greer quickly fill a glass of water from the tap . he hear siren in the distance as he hurry back into the basement . int . peter ' basement - night generic / greer kneel down to dribble water on real peter ' partially open lip . we hear a vehicle arrive outside . generic / greer they will be here in just a minute ... no response . he brushes she hair back from she face -- real peter ' eye be half - open , vacant . she 's dead . generic / greer let out a anguish cry . ( continued ) 100 . continued : angle up stair - surrie paramedics rush down with a stretcher . they take in the sight of -- two motionless body . peter , dead ... and l ass lass generic / greer , kneel over she body , head bow , g still in hand -- check out . CUT to : tnt . rental agency - day real greer come out of the curtain booth in a hurry , move for the door . he 's talk on the phone . greer who 's on duty in surveillance --? Sanders , great , put I through -- he 's pursue by the rental agent . rental agent Sir , sir , sir - - you have not return you unit -- greer ignore the woman , he 's out of there . she call after he angrily . rental agent ( cont 'd ) you sign a contract ! ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day a handful of dread be storming down the street , smashing window and bowl over any surries who get in they way . a scrolling electronic news crawl on the side of a building : " prophet shot , reported dead ... " greer be walk fast , on the phone , steering clear of the angry dread . greer it 's a emergency , you need to connect I now ! int . FBI build / surveillance CENTER - day tight on bobby , the overweight controller , at he station . he look nervous , wear he headset . ( continued ) 101 . continued : responding to a subtle beep in he ear , - he make as if to scratch himself , open the connection . we hear greer be filter voice : greer ( filter ) Bobby , it 's greer , I need a remote shutdown . you will have the surrie 's digital address on file , agent Jennifer Peters . camera move to reveal that peter ( the surrie ) be hold bobby at gunpoint , a grim expression on she face . she do not realize Bobby 's on the phone . greer ( filter ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? Bobby , be you there ? Bobby look toward the special terminal that display the surrie serial number . number be cranking through fast , all highlighting . Bobby look at Peters , but speak for greer 's benefit . bobby Peters , have you go insane ? put the gun away , what the hell be you try to prove ? peter ignore he , watch the terminal screen . wider now , we see that all the surrie watcher have disconnect , they be stationary on they track . the glowing monitor remain on , show random scene , unwatch . movement at the elevate entrance -- -- peter spin and fire her handgun in that direction . the intruder retreat . we now see a couple of surries have already be drop here , sprawle on the staircase lead down , bullet in they head . peter spin on Bobby , who 's whispering frantically into he headset : bobby ( cont 'd ) she 's into the entire surrie database , I dunno what she 's -- Peters yank off Bobby 's headset and throw it aside . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day greer have stop , stunne . then , realize what 's happen , he take off at a sprint in a different direction . he make another call : ( continued ) 102 . continued : greer ( on phone ) maggie , please pick up -- damn it , you have to disconnect as soon as you get this message -- get off line , abandon you surrogate ! you be in danger , everyone be -- int . maggie' shop - day maggie be hard at work , hot -gluing a new head of streak hair around the motionless face of a beautiful surrogate . she glance at a small cellphone , sit on a work tray nearby . it flash -- close - " thomas greer " scroll on the cellphone readout . maggie want to pick up , but both hand be occupy . she sigh , return to she work . int . FBI build / corridor - day a group of agent in riot gear be gather here , weapon ready . one turn to see -- stone approach ( he surrie be operational again ) , flanke by a couple of other agent . riot agent she will only speak with you , sir . stone why the hell do not you just move in and take she down ? riot agent she 's get a human hostage . Stone pause , take a breath . stone that fat ass Sanders . he self - consciously rub the back of he head , where we now see electrical tape hold shut the damage latch . int . luxury build / lobby - day greer , face red , out of breath , be display he badge to the clerk , who check he computer . ( continued ) 103 . continued : clerk I be sorry , you be not on he list . greer I would not be . I be here to arrest he . armando move closer at this . clerk I see ... do you have a warrant ? greer listen to I . Dr. canter be commit a crime via surrogate -- right now . if you do not cooperate and let I up there , you become a accomplice . clerk without a warrant , I be afraid I can not help you . armando take greer by the arm in a painful grip . armando you be gonna have to leave , sir . armando escort greer none too gently to the door . greer ow ! easy , I be only human . as armando relax he grip a bit , greer flexe he leave arm -- then gasp and clutches he chest , as if have a coronary . he stumble , fall to he knee . armando bend over he -- armando be you ok ? greer suddenly thrust he hand beneath the man 's jacket . armando react , begin to struggle with greer -- bang bang beneath he suitcoat . armando 's arm spasm wildly . he take a few step back , SPARKS and hydraulic fluid come from he chest . greer be hold the man 's gun now , aim at he . armando ( cont 'd ) you asshole . I just make the last payment . greer rise and hurry to the clerk , point the gun at he head . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 2 ) greer the elevator key ! clerk I be call the police . the clerk go stock still , he 's check out -- he 's obviously make the call from home . greer shove the inert body aside , it fall flat . he reach for the elevator key , snatch it up when -- armando wrap he one good arm around greer 's throat from behind , choke he . they stagger backward , greer aim the gun behind he head and fire , blow a hole in armando 's forehead . GREEN coolant , fried electronics fly from the exit wound . they topple to the ground together . greer struggle from the freeze surrie 's grip , clutching he ear , deafen by the gun 's loud report . as greer get to he foot , the doorman enter , take in the tableau -- the gun-wield man , the two surries on the ground -- and dash outside again . greer hurry for canter' private elevator . he turn the key -- no light , nothing . he make a frustrated noise and dash for a nearby door to the stairwell . int . FBI build / surveillance CENTER - day stone enter warily , look toward peter and the captive bobby . stone Peters ! it 's I , Andy Stone ! hand in the air , Stone move down the stair , step gingerly over the fall surrogates . peter finish cuffing bobby's wrist to a chair with plastic cuff . she move to get a look at Stone , across the expanse of glow monitor . she 's holster she gun . peter who be it , Stone ? who be it at VSI that hire you to kill I ? Stone blink , try to process this . ( continued ) 105 . continued : peter ( cont 'd ) do you feel even a second of remorse , when you find out you would murder a innocent boy . he be eighteen ! stone I do not believe it ... peter just tell I what I need to know . Stone consider this a bit , smile . stone we spend year try to nail you for funding the dread -- and now you hand yourself over to we on a silver platter . hijack a agent , destroy federal property , create a hostage situation ... Peters pull she gun and point it at bobby's head . he cower in he chair . stone ( cont 'd ) I would not add homicide to that list . as it be , you be go to prison for a very long time . he turn on he heel , begin walk back up the stair for the door . peter lower the gun , reach into she pocket and pull out the Q.D. weapon . peter a eye for a eye ... she point it at the back of Stone 's head and -- -- stone 's eye go wide in agony -- and explode . he go tumbling back down the stair , smoke pour from he head , body twitching crazily . int . luxury build / stairwell - day -- greer be gasping for breath as he reach a upper landing . ahead of he be a heavy steel door with a keypad lock . he try the handle , kick the door once , then pull he gun and aim it at the lock , turn away as he shoot . ( continued ) 106 . continued : the bullet ricochet about the narrow area , scare the hell out of he . the lock be intact . greer damn it ! he move to a narrower staircase with a sign , " roof access . " int . FBI build / surveillance CENTER - day the riot agent pour in now , gun firing . peter drop behind a bank of terminal for cover . bullet rocket past , one catch she in the arm , but barely phase she . the riot agent move in , military style , surround peter . peter fiddle with the o.d . -- close - she slide back a panel , hit a couple of tiny switch -- the red diode go to blue . peter point the device over the terminal , sweep it in a arc -- -- the riot agent all freeze 'in place for a second -- and then drop at once . unlike with Stone , there 's no twitching , smoke or explode eyeball . the sudden silence be eerie . peter rise and move to stone , the grotesque , empty - eye surrogate . her expression be grim , but she 's accomplish a important part of she mission . bobby look around at the many fall body . bobby be they dead ? peter ( be : the riot agent ) they be fine . int . stone's study - day the phone be ringing . move from it to -- stone , in he stim chair , projector on he head ... eye roll back , dead . blood begin to seep from he ear . 107 . ext . canter' build / roof / balcony - day greer have come out on the roof . there 's a enormous cell tower and dish up here . he move to the edge , peer over warily . angle down - forty storey down to the street . greer flinch back , reeling with vertigo . he move along the edge , look for something . angle down - the balcony outside canter 's study , just inside the roof overhang , a fifteen - foot drop . greer squeeze he eye shut , steeling himself for what he must do . he lower himself to hang onto the edge , try not to look down . he swing he body to get the momentum go the right way -- -- but he grip give a moment too soon -- greer plunge from the roof to the balcony rail , hit the railing hard , start to fall off the wrong way . but he manage to grab onto the metal . he haul himself up and collapse onto the balcony , lie on he back . he leg have be injure in the fall , the pants tear , blood . greer breathes audibly , in pain and exhaustion . int . FBI build / surveillance CENTER - day on the terminal - number still highlighting , fly past at incredible speed . move to find peter , with a open toolbox . she 's expertly wiring the o.d. to the keyboard , cut , splicing and reattach wire . bobby wheel closer , try to kick the o.d. without flinching , peter knock he back across the room , the chair fall over and Bobby moan . int . canter' penthouse / study - day greer shoot the glass , elbow out the shard and reach in to unlock the balcony door . keeping he gun ready , he limp painfully into the empty room . 108 . - day int . canter' penthouse / various room quick cut as greer hunt for canter , fling open door into bedroom , a live room , bathroom . int . luxury build / lobby - day the clerk , reactivate , lead a squad of uniformed police toward the stairwell . int . canter' penthouse /hallway greer have almost give up hope when he start at a noise and spin , ready to shoot at -- -- the automate vacuum hum around a corner . as it move past he foot , greer register -- -- a thin strip of red light at floor level . after a moment , he begin rapping at the wall , realize it 's false . int . luxury build / stairwell - day the clerk tap a code into the keypad of the bullet - dent door . we hear a heavy latch disengage . int . canter' penthouse / hallway - day greer hear footstep of the approach cop as he try desperately to find a way into the hide space . he discover a latch at waist level , the wall become a pocket door . he let himself in and close it behind he just as -- the police and the clerk round the corner . int . canter' penthouse / control area - day eerie red light , a narrow , snake passageway . greer listen as the footstep pass outside , turn to see -- the stalker -- the hulk , silver - eye surrogate who break into Peters ' place . he 's inert in he charging BAY . beside he be the boy who pick greer up in the limo . ( continued ) 109 . continued : wider , a dozen surrogate , different age and sex , line up in they charge bay . clearly , canter can become anyone he want to be . greer be momentarily stunne to see -- the prophet , a spare surrogate , in a charge bay . greer move carefully onward . around a corner , he see -- --a projector display screen . it 's peter ' Pov on the FBI surveillance CENTER , a glance toward the motionless riot agent , to bobby struggle on the ground . peter ' Pov settle on the number highlighting on the terminal . the 0 . D. be connect to the keyboard , blue diode flash , the jerry-rigging complete . real canter be visible from behind in a elaborate prosthetic wheelchair , a sensory projector on he head . greer move toward he and rip off the headgear . real canter open he eye , startle . greer you be insane . int . FBI build / surveillance CENTER -- day peter be freeze in place by the-terminal . bobby , on the ground , realize something 's happen . he strain to see the number screen . on screen -- the number have stop scrolling . a dialogue box : " full database selected - uploading software to network " with a bar move up slowly . int . canter' penthouse / control area - day canter squint up at greer from he wheelchair and brace . he speak with a electronic aid , he voice slightly artificial - sounding . canter Jennifer Peters . be she -- greer she 's dead . canter I have no intention of hurt she . I be truly sorry -- ( continued ) 110 . continued : greer you bastard , she be my partner , I care about she -- canter do you ? you barely know she . it be I you come to care about -- greer shut up ! greer clenches he fist , if the man be not in a wheelchair he would beat the hell out of he . struggle to control himself , mind reeling : greer ( cont 'd ) how many people be you ? you be really the Prophet ? canter I have to fight VSI any way I could . as canter speak , he eye flick toward the projector be monitor -- -- the image of the o.d. device uploading software from peter ' Pov . canter try to block greer 's view -- canter ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing you can do -- greer push canter' wheelchair out of the way violently . greer sit on the floor , lean against the wall . he take a breath and put on the projector headset . he slip on the fingersleeve , press he finger together and -- int . FBI build / surveillance CENTER - day -- peter be suddenly reanimated , stumble a bit where she stand , as greer get he bearing in this new body . he move to the keyboard and rip the o.d. from the jerry - rig connection . - on terminal screen -- " upload complete . " peter turn to bobby . peter how do I shut it down ? ( continued ) continued : bobby ( baffle ) you ... peter Bobby , this be agent greer ! on the catwalk - a human agent , he 's a sniper in black , creep into position , readying he rifle . peter / greer help bobby up , so that he can see the computer screen . Bobby remain cuffed . on screen - " preparing to disconnect operator - 30 second . " the number be count down . bobby ( thinking ) ok ... the software from that thing 's already in the system , you have to abort transmission . peter / greer ( desperate ) how ? 1 bobby hit control - escape , f12 . as peter / greer do so : peter / greer this can really send a virus to every surrie on the network ? bobby sure , but it have to disconnect the operator first . peter / greer ( pause , surprised ) so people be not in any danger ... bobby they surrogates be ! hurry up ! on terminal screen - " abort ? yes . no . " int . canter' penthouse / control area - day the projector screen show the word " yes . no . " move to greer , in the sensory projector , he face tight . ( continued ) 112 . continued : canter stare at greer , see that greer realize what 's at stake -- the fate of humanity . canter you understand ... int . FBI build / surveillance CENTER - day peter / greer reach for the keyboard again , hesitates . a moment of internal conflict . bobby stare , confuse . bobby do it ! bang ! a clean headshot drop peter / greer in she track , electronic goo spray the computer screen . bobby spin in he chair . bobby ( cont 'd ) not he try desperately to reach the key himself , but -- on screen " disconnecting . " he 's too late . int . canter' penthouse / control area - day greer yank off the headset , breathe hard , eye wide with shock . canter regards he from he wheelchair . he 's be watch the monitor , know what just happen . canter you could have stop it . thank you ... greer why ...? canter you know why . I will not be responsible for the death of humanity . I like the way you put it -- unring a bell . greer put he head in he hand , realize the enormity of what he 's just do . greer you create they . ( continued ) 113 . continued : canter I only seek to give people like I the chance to live normal life . but my partner at VSI overrode I . they see a much larger market -- surrogates for everyone . healthy people . Children . a world without risk , without pain . without feeling . nothing at stake . nothing to live for . greer rise shakily . greer what 's go to happen ? canter the day of resurrection . as he speak , he raise a small white capsule to he lip . greer no --! before greer can stop he , canter bite into it and swallow . greer try to get the capsule from canter 's mouth -- but the man be dead within moment . int . FBI build / surveillance CENTER - day bobby kick at the computer frantically , crying out . the sniper reach he , cut he hand free with a knife . human sniper it 's ok , sir , you be alright , it 's over -- freed , Bobby lunge at the keyboard , hit key in a frenzy , but -- on screen - " disconnecting " change to " operator disconnected ... " then , quickly -- " transmitting . " ext . reservation no man' land - day late afternoon , golden light . dread have be herde together here , national guardsmen surround they . suddenly the guardsmen all drop at once . 114 . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day crowded , rush hour , lot of traffic and noise . then -- -- pedestrian fall in a wave . car veer out of control , smashing into each other , careen onto the sidewalk , roll over fall surrie body and smashing into storefront . int . FBI build / bullpen - day the feds be all collapse over desk , or sprawle flat . int . subway - day a car full of commuter -- some slump in they seat or hang from strap , other lie on the floor . the car stop automatically , the door OPEN with a hiss -- -- to reveal a platform litter with body . int . maggie' shop - day all employees and customer of the beauty shop be motionless . camera find maggie on the floor among they , stare sightlessly at the ceiling . ext . luxury build / balcony - day angle down on the suddenly quiet street . the surries have drop throughout the city . pull back to reveal greer look down on this . he limp quickly back inside -- int . canter' penthouse / study - day --stepping over the body of the fallen cop . he move for the elevator , hit a switch to power it up . ext . reservation no man' land - day the moment the dread have be wait for . with a mass cry , they be charge over the fall body of the guardsmen and over the flatten fence . wide as thousand of dread run out of the reservation into the street of the city . 115 . ext . WASHINGTON street - day greer hobble through the dreadful aftermath -- smoking auto pileup , body everywhere , most fall in they track , a few remain on they foot . car horn , alarm in the distance . - a few dishevel dread be here , take it in with delight and amazement . they whoop as they tip over a couple of the stand surries . greer pass a car on the sidewalk , its driver slump against the wheel -- the radio blare : radio voice the massive surrogate shutdown appear to be nationwide ... ext . VSI headquarters - day fallen surries all over the grounds . armed dread be rush into the place , past the motionless sentries . they be make for the factory . radio voice rioters presume to be member of the human Coalition seem to be make coordinate attack on surrogate -related business across the country ... int . VSI factory - day the robotic assembly line , still run until -- boom ! a dread shoot a rpg into the machinery . surrogate part be blasted in all direction . int . VSI warehouse - day FIRE spread across the row of surrogate template , pack together tightly . close on a melting face , the deform plastic skull and electronics within . radio voice citizen be ask to remain in they home ... 116 . ext . greer' build - day greer make he way toward he place . int . greer' apartment / live room - day greer enter , move immediately for he wife 's bedroom . greer maggie --? he knock gently , then try the door -- it be not lock . int . greer' apartment / maggie' room - day the room be dim , there 's a form huddle in the bed , sobbing , cover pull up . greer move slowly toward she , speak in a soothing voice . greer maggie , it 's I . she pull away from he touch at first , struggle . maggie no ! please no , do not look at I ... greer pull away the cover to reveal the real maggie . she 's pale , emaciate and malnourish , tear run down she face . she shrink away from he . maggie ( cont 'd ) no Tom , I do not want you to ... it do not matter to greer - - he take she in he arm and hold she close . greer it 's ok , it 's ok ... maggie no it 's not ... greer ssh . it 's just we now . slowly , she put she arm around he , weep against he chest . pull back and -- 117 . ext . greer' build / neighborhood - day -- out the window . move to show exterior door open and greer' neighbor emerging , blink in the unfamiliar sunlight . most wear robe , sweatclothes . they be all age , some overweight , other homely -- it 's almost a relief after all the young , perfect people . down the STREET , other emerge , regard each other warily , like people after a earthquake . some begin speak to each other for the first time , in whisper at first , other take in the sunset which bathes the neighborhood in orange light . fade to black .