" the lookout " Scott Frank revised December 31 , 1998 black we hear a cowbell , a occasional moo . fade in : a farm - somewhere in kansas - sunrise as_a farmer emerge from the barn can : milk in each hand , and start across for the farmhouse . everything so int a hundred year ago . sake then I we hear a siren and the cow begin to moo . we see a flashing red light hard winter wheat as it move the siren get louder and inside the sheriff' cruiser - same sqguinte off into the distance visible over the top of the across the horizon . CUT to : at the wheel be seaward County sheriff - with a full head of grey hair . dispatcher ( radio ) shari tillman want to do you get you siren on sheriff yeah , why ? djspatcher she want I / of tell you , if hi do not come and that you big a fuss ie '' the de we then ... a bucket of fresh ww nei a and bygone it % could be as the farmer just - fifty , a big man know , sheriff , ex husband 's she business , i 't go makin ' too 's herifr % sound like they be t again . dispat Roger that . she say ' get Ted on a pager , gonna try and im . sheriff a pager ? dispatcher that 's what she say . sheriff . next best thing to have he on a leash . tell she to sit tight . I will call she in a few minute . ext . MAIN STREET - noel , kansas - sunrise it 's not yet light as the sheriff turn main street . e traffic signal blink ; sway in the light wind . the_ sheriff drive past the Noel Cafe . he look off to other end of the street , with ) be 7 the ver 's door en pull in behind it . open , onto the still - sleep Christmas decoration the parking lot be empty . where ... park in front of the noel ut no one inside . sheriff Michael peretzian 2 . int . sheriff' car - same as the sheriff stare at the empty cruiser in front of he , then at the darken interior of the bank . the glass in the front door and one of the window be shatter . he reach for & radio . sheriff . luanne ? will you have phil costello meet I at the bank in Noel , please ? dispatcher everything all right down there , sheriff ? ( eyeing th ant iser ) eye : e cruiser ) just hive hile meet the at the bank . ext . noel town bank - same as the sheriff get out of he cruiser and slowly walk up to the bank . he stand in the doorway a moment stare into the dark interior . he unhook a maglight from he belt , take a deep breath , and go ... inside the bank as the sheriff shine he flashlight about the bank , the big man start to sing to calm he nerve ... we come on grandfather he shine he light on th ick wall , the old brass rail , the dry floral arrangement finally the western - theme painting , one of which be sp da with blood . sheriff around nassau town we eee he shine he light on the floor where we see a body -- a guy with rasta dread , blood - soak shirt , he eye wide open -- lean against the wall just below the painting . John B , my es sheriff ..- drinkin ' all night ... he then put he light on another body , this one bent over the teller 's window , bright red hair , arm ink full with tattoo hang down to the floor . sheriff --.got into a fight ... the sheriff shine he light on a gun , lie on the floor just beyond the dead man 's reach in a pool of blood . sheriff +-+- I feel so break up , I wanna go ... the sheriff shine he light on a jagged open cut into the side of the old vault ; more blood on the floor over here . sheriff Home . he crouch down to shine he light inside the vault when suddenly , we hear a beeping SOUND . he listen as we hear it again : pager . the sheriff shine he light on the dreadlock body on the floor , then the body slump over the counter . we hear the beeping again and now sheriff move behind the counter ... as he shine he light on the floor back here , we now see one more body lie face down -- a outstretch hand clutching a pistol -- a ocean of blood coagulate around it . the sheriff gently turn over the body so that we see a like face stare vacantly back at we ; the sheriff 's light play no off a badge pin to a dark green uniform . we hear the ing the sheriff reach down and take a bright red pager from he deputy 's belt and shut it off . he see something on the floor , what look like a business card in a pool of blood . he pick de up , read it aloud ... sheriff I must not use the stair or elevator , it be not safe for I . insert - card as he turn it over . oo} ith a bit of blood , threre 's the name CHRIS write in idjsh scrawl . vol = oh , man ... oh , goa. 9 , ( then ) sheriff ? ess sheriff < p back here . a moment later we see phil costello , another deputy enter the bank . he stop cold when he see the dead deputy ... phil good Christ -- Ted -- oh , man -- sheriff call the FBI . phil hurry out as the pager start beeping again and the sheriff turn once more to the dead deputy , and we then ... fade out . we hear a click . and then Charlie Daniels sing over ... charlie daniel the Devil go down to Georgia , he be lookin ' for a soul to steal ... a title read " two week earlier . " we then ... Michael peretzian 1 4. fade in : CHRIS pratt's bedroom - day a monastic space with a simple desk , a chest of drawer , and , for some reason , a " bask in brilliant bali " travel poster on one wa . . CHRIS ( v.0o . ) I wake up . CHRIS pratt -- early twenty , nude , lie curl up in fetal sition , stare at the clock radio . there 's a good-size car over he right eye . he sit up . charlie daniel .-- he be in a bind ' cause he be way B ind a ' he be willin ' to make a eal . CHRIS ( v.o. ) I turn off the alarm . he sit up , shut off the alarm as we ... jump CUT to : as the nude Chris stand with he back to we , stare out the window at the brick wall of the building next store . CHRIS ( v.o. ) I look outside , so that I know what to wear . jump CUT to : the sho ! as Chris stand under the / / st , , ».we see another lulu of a scar ringing one bicep , and st : another faint one run neck - to - ( 3 jaw . q. CHRIS ° I take a shower with as jump CUT to : bathroom as Chris shave . yellow " pose ite note on the mirror : some we understand like " turn off sho ! , " " flush toilet " as well as some we be not so sure of like " a.s.s . " CHRIS ( v.0 . ) and then I shave . Chris start cry . Chris pause , hold the razor . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I still cry for no reason sometimes , but I be get a handle on it ... he take a breath , calm down , resume shave as he cry . jump CUT to : CHRIS ' bedroom as we again see Chris sit up in bed and look around the room . Michael peretzian charlie daniel the Devil go down to Georgia , he be lookin ' for a soul to steal ... Little yellow " t- it " note be everywhere . on the clock radio : " turn off alarm . " by the light switch : " turn off the light . " and on the chest of drawer : " sock , " " underwear , '' and " shirt . " a shelf stuff with use - up notebooks . CHRIS ( v.o. ) I wake up . jump CUT to : the bathroom as Chris dump some pill into he palm ... CHRIS ( v.o. ) I take my med ... sump CUT to : the kitchen as Chris turn on the coffee maker ... CHRIS ( v.0o . ) when Lewis be go , I make the coffee . jump CUT to : the kitchen - day Chris sit at the table eat a bowl of cereal . look at once handsome and clear-ey -- the ex-athlete and make - out king , but something isn’ quite right ... v.0 . ) I do not read the fuse I , which I eat breakf aper anymore . fake memad . ° jump CUT to : CHRIS ' bedroom 's as he again sit up in bed . > charlie dan : the Devil go down to Georgia -- CHRIS ( v.o. ) I wake up . jump CUT to : the live room sparsely furnish , but comfortable , with a view onto a small ark across the street . Chris come into the room dress in a ray sport coat . CHRIS ( v.o. ) I put on my coat and leave for class ... he bump into a chair , move it aside , then grab he key from a peg by the door as we ... jump CUT to : CHRIS ' bedroom as we once again see Chris sit up and shut off the radio . CHRIS ( v.o. ) I wake up . Michael ! peretzian this time , Chris turn and look at US as we then ... jump CUT to : a classroom as Chris look up from a paper on he desk . all around he be other adult student . some have shave head or scar like Chris . most of they have cane or crutch lean against they desk or sit in wheelchair . the wall be full of poster and slogan from various head injury group and government agency for the disabled . voice thirty more second . the teacher -- a black man in jeans and leather vest -- sit in a wheelchair at the front of the room . on the chalkboard behind he be write , " sequencing essay : you typical day . " Chris look down at he paper ... insert - CHRIS ' paper the last line he 's write : I woke up . he run he finger a few line up to where he 's also write I woke up . and then to the top of the page where he 's write I woke up ... teacher time . the teacher start roll , up the row , collect papers . Chris hand he he ... sorry . Ze ext . kansas CITY CENTER for I : : ent live - day as Chris walk to a batter vic , pat he pocket for he keys . he press he face window and look inside : he 's locked the keys in the car . le ) yshake he head like this happen all the time and then sit . wo right there on the icy pavement and take off he shoe . int . another car - across the parking lot four figure , they face bare in shadow , watch Chris . one of they the fuck be he do ? ext . parking lot - same as Chris pull a spare key from he shoe , get up and unlock the door . he then get in the car and drive off as we ... pull back to reveal : a black lincoln town car tinted window so we can not see who 's inside . a couple of the fender be dent , one of they patch half - ass with grey - blue bondo . the lincoln pull out a moment after Chris do . ext . crowne CENTER - day basically , Kansas City 's version of rockefeller Center -- a courtyard create by the westin Hotel and the Crown Center shopping complex with a ice rink and ( this time of year ) a giant istmas tree in the middle of it all . Michael peretzian 7. Chris sit on a bench watch a group of young boy play ice hockey . he pick out one of they in particular -- clearly the best of the , a leader ... a winner ... Chris ' watch beeps . he automatically pull he notebook from he jacket pocket and consult it . le look once more at the kid tear up the ice and then get up and move on . he stop in front of the HOTEL , stand outside the glass and peer inside . he Pov - the lobby where we see a blonde , Chris ' age , work behind the concierge desk . she sense something , look up at we ... reverse - the front window but Chris be go . ext . CHRIS & lewis ' apartment build - day as Chris drive up and get out of he car . he start to walk away walk back and lock the door . he then stand there loo ! ing confuse at the row of identical apartment ... the black town car drive to the end of the block where it slow down , make a u-turn and start back this way . Chris take a few step in one direction , then double back as he spote a red light one of the stairwell and start up at one . int . CHRIS ' apartment as Chris come inside and 3 down hard in the chair . he fish — a spiral notebook from a pee consult it . int . kitchen - day as Chris come in , move to a T , rder and turn it on ... lewis ' voice okay , kid , the menu tonight be penne puttenesca . that 's that spicy pasta with the olive you like . the tomato be on the counter ... Chris pick up one of the can of stew tomato ... lewis ' voice I be gonna need you to open up the can , * put ‘em in a pot and set ‘em to simmer until I get home . I already cut up . the olive , u will find they and to caper in a bowl inside the fridge ... jump CUT to : the kitchen Chris take a pot out of a cupboard and set it on the stove where we see another post - it that read ... 8.h.1.t. CHRIS stove hot if touched . Michael peretzian he turn the flame to low and back away from the stove . he open a drawer , rifle it , can not find what he 's look for , open another one , and then another one . he then scan the counter , look inside the sink , and then under the sink ... CHRIS huh . he stand there , confuse . he ms the fridge , look inside . not there . okay . he pull the fridge away from the wall and look behind it . not there . he open the oven , not in there . CHRIS shit . he stand up , breathe hard now , look at the stove , grab the pot by the dle to look inside it and burn he hand -- CHRIS fuck ! -- and fling the pot across the room . he shake out he hand , then stare in horror at the still unopen can of tomato on the counter . CHRIS oh , no ... ext . CHRIS ' apartment - from the park - same as Chris move about the Zapartment in a panic . we boom down reveal ... the lincoln ing just across the street . we hear a police radio dissolve into : a close - up lewis canfield fifty . slicked - back hair . D. glass . if it 's hi it i cit I 's happen in already knee about it . have we begin to pull back so that we can see that Lewis sit in front of a huge wall of radios . we ear be assaile by a cacophony of different voice and broadcast sound -- lewis Police . fire. ambulance . Gas company . Department of Water & power -- anybody out there use a radio , a cellphone . or_a baby monitor -- I can hear ‘em all from right here . angle - the listening booth Glass on three side . the busy newsroom as well as the colorful " knkc newscenter 9 " set can be see in the b.g. Lewis -- dress in a bright yellow sweatsuit , black& white oxford yp on the desk -- face a group of school kide on a ie rip . radio voice 41 clear . lume be down . Michael peretzian 9 . Lewis smile , reach for a dial mark " FIRE , " turn it up . lewis here she come ... woman' voice ( southern accent ) engine 41 , we be back to the box , darlin' . y'all have a good day now . lewis ( dre : amy ) the voice of a angel -- the most beautiful woman in all of Kansas . two little girl exchange look with each other , roll they eye at this guy . lewis : now the second I hear a key word like " lume " on the fireband , which mean smoke , I let the news director know about it and he send a camera crew to check it out . girl I do not see how you can hear anything , it 's so noisy in here . j lewis what 's you , honey ? I chloe. lew . tell I , Chloe , you be toa playsround . a mile ike banshee , but yo call you name ? somet. ever happen to you , girl yeah . lewis it 's all in know what to listen for . that and the fact that I get what I like to call twenty - twenty earsight . I can hear everything . a couple of the kid make face at Lewis . he keep smile . teacher well , I see that kristi koochek be ready to show we the anchor desk . a peroxide anchorbabe wave from outside the booth . teacher let 's all thank Mr. canfield for he ime . Michael peretzian ' 10 . a chorus of " thank you , Mr. canfield . " lewis thank you . come back anytime . Lewis sit there wave as the kid all file out of the booth . lewis bye now . have fun . enjoy the rest of you tour . a_couple boy linger in the doorway , make face at Lewis , flipping he off . Lewis be face they , but do not react . teacher Matthew . Thomas . get over here ! the boy hurry after they class . Lewis spin he chair back around to face the radio and we now realize -- if we have not yet already -- that lewis canfield be slind . we hear a beeping . Lewis pull a pager from he belt , hit a button and we hear ... soothing woman' voice Voice net. message one . then ... CHRIS ' voice Lewis ! I nee uu ! Lewis calmly shut off < t ! er , reach for the phone and al . int . CHRIS ' bathroom - S. ° Chris sit huddle in the con ) the floor , hyperventilate , clutching a cordless phone wh as ngs . CHRIS Lewis ? int . listening room - same as Lewis hit a toggle , lower the volume on the radios . lewis what 's up , kid ? intercutting lewis & CHRIS CHRIS I can not find the can opener ! lewis you call the police ? CHRIS . they be on the way . lewis okay , now call ‘em back , tell ‘em everything 's okay . , Michael peretzian 11 . CHRIS do you hear what I say ? I can't find the fucking can opener ! lewis all right , I 'l ] call ‘em . CHRIS I look everywhere -- lewis one of we could have easily throw it out by mistake . CHRIS why would we do that ?! lewis take a deep breath , kid . CHRIS ( do , then ) what be I gonna do ? lewis you be gonna get in you car , and you be gonna drive to the grocery store and uy a new can opener . CHRIS okay . you get mo : chr : yeah . q lewis you get a notebook > CHRIS ( take one off the counter ) yeah . lewis you do not wanna get to the store , forget why you be there . CHRIS I will write it down . lewis just page I you have any problem . CHRIS thanks Lewis . lewis I will be home in a hour . Lewis hang up , calmly turn the radio back up . Michael peretzian 12 . ext . bus - night as Lewis get off , bundle up against the cold , then unfold he cane and start walk . ext . CHRIS & lewis ' apartment build - night as Lewis tap along the identical building , stop at exactl the right che , go up the stair . ngs , beoppang '' int . CHRIS & lewis ' apartment - night as Lewis come into the apartment . he start for he room , barely bump into a chair on the way . he stop , stand there a moment . be should not have happen . he 's bother . lewis Chris ? he take a step towards the coffee table , stop right before it . he walk to the couch , stop right before it , too . he walk back to the chair , move it a foot to one side . int . lewis ' bedroom - same neat and tidy ; the bed perfectly make . Lewis come in and open the closet . we see a dozen sweat -suit of different color hang above pair of white sneaker all line up in a perfect row . Lewis hang up he coat , walk back out . int . CHRIS ' bedroom - S. Chris lie asleep on @ bed . we hear a soft knock and then Lewis open the d 8 ds there a moment , listen to the sound of Chris breath#n : le then back out of the room . int . kitchen - same a as Lewis come into the dark q. step on something metal and stop . reveal : the entire kitchen sp the refrigerator door be open , and the light that spill out be just enough for we to make out the total disarray . the cupboard be all open , the oven , too . the trash have be dumped onto the floor . the drawer have all be pull out and utensil be scattered all over the floor . Lewis carefully move through the room , assess the exact magnitude of the mess with he hand and foot . ie finally sigh , bend down and pick up a fall drawer . int . CHRIS ' room - later we hear mahler come from the next room . Chris stir , open he eye and sit up . int . kitchen - night the light be still off in here . we see the form of Lewis move about the dark kitchen cooking as Chris walk in . CHRIS hey . lewis hey , kid . Michael peretzian 13. Chris turn on the light and we see that lewis have cleaned up the kitchen . everything back in its proper place . the floor and the counter be immaculate . Chris watch as Lewis feed dough into a pastamaker . lewis you can go ahead , chop some lettuce , cucumber , whatever else you want for the salad . Chris go to the fridge as Lewis open a cu} rd and we can see that all of the foodstuff have be mark with tactile label . Lewis feel around , find what he need . Chris stop , look around the kitchen ... CHRIS something happen in here before . lewis no problem . do not worry about it , kid . let 's talk about you test . Chris set to work as Lewis pour olive oil into a measure cup , the two of they work in comfortable sync . lewis what would Reggie have you do ? CHRIS list a typical day . I , and you get {os S I keep go ba 2 , " I wake up . " lewis . maybe next time thi : as a story instead of a list . : CHRIS a story , like how ? lewis you know , like , " once upon a time , I wake up , take a piss , get in the shower , beat off ... " -- like that . see if that do not help . CHRIS I do not know how to tell a story . lewis then_use one you already know as a model . CHRIS I do not know any story . lewis you know " goldilocks and Three bear ? " CHRIS where 's the fuck cucumber ? Michael peretzian 14 . Lewis grab one from a strainer in the sink , hold it up for ris . lewis what 's gotta happen first for that story to work ? CHRIS I do not know ? who give a shit ? lewis come on . think . CHRIS ( beat ) the porridge 's gotta be too hot . lewis okay , then what ? CHRIS the bear gotta go for a walk so it can cool off . lewis then blondie walk into the house , break a chair and go to sleep . CHRIS she eat the porridge first . ti see ? you we ce just fine . Lewis start drop th ep into boil water . chri . ° if Reggie have give e time -- it 's not fair . x as. tell you ewis no it 's not , Chris . but what , sometimes , it 's a dog eat dog world out there and sometimes -- ( smile ) -- it 's the other way around . lewis damn straight . let 's eat . int . apartment - later Chris and Lewis at the table . Lewis pour himself a glass of wine . lewis you mother call . she want to invite I to Thanksgiving dinner . CHRIS you be kid ? lewis ' I know . can you believe it ? dottie and Dick invite I to xanadu ? Michael peretzian 15 . CHRIS they name be dorothy and Richard . lewis . we be share a piace -- what -- three ear now ? ' rnd hey be just this day nvite I over ? ' nat that about 's CHRIS I be sure you have a theory . lewis I be thinkin ' maybe she 's get a odd number of place 's setting this year . CHRIS yeah , that 's gotta be it . Lewis knock back some of the wine . lewis it 's either that or she want all she friend to get a good look at I . CHRIS what for ? lewis so they will know at least you be not ! gay on top of everything else . I you do not ff jo you know . Li bas you kid ? I '' fuck wait . = Chris look at Lewis a moment about this . want to say something when he watch beep . ook at it ... CHRIS I gotta go to work . int . CHRIS ' car - night driving away from the city now . Dark farmland on either side of he . led Zeppelin on the stereo . and then we pass a sign that read " welcome to noel . " ext . MAIN STREET - noel , kansas - night as Chris parke he car behind a building and get out . he hold he jacket close against the cold , go around to ... the front of the build which we can now see be the noel town bank . int . noel town bank - night where we see the door to the vault be wide open . Chris mop the floor as the manager , mr . tuttle -- heavyset , in a ten-year - old brown suit -- pull the door close , move to a small metal door mount on the wall and open it . Michael peretzian 16 . Three combination dial be inside . the door be on a spring - hinge so Mr. tuttle have to hold it open while he set each of the dial . he set one , then see be stand there . CHRIS you be work late . mr . turn around , please . Chris turn he back as Mr. tuttle set the other two dial . CHRIS the USDA money must be come . Mr. tuttle look at he . Chris smile , say by rote ... CHRIS it come twice a year , once for pre - plant and again in harvest . mr . tuttle how do you know about that ? CHRIS I have be work three afternoon a week with Mrs. Lange . she tell I the subsidy check go out and that we will probably be pretty busy next week . tuttle we will inde busy ... which be why I would like yor < to the down " Bank extra clean " in yo t notebook . but Chris just stands_the : we hear several loud click as the timelock bolt all slant h Mr. tuttle then start for the door . mr. worm 5 good-night . CHRIS you say you would think about give I a couple of hour at the window . mr . tuttle we have be over this , Chris , you have to be able to add and subtract many -- CHRIS I be go to school . math skill be a lot better now . jait -- Chris walk to a little desk at the back of the bank . it 's full of post - its and notebook . photograph of a young Chris and a blonde in polynesian outfit stand in front of a fake beach backdrop ... be in a hockey uniform ... Chris and he father , both with shotgun under they arm . CHRIS one second -- Mr. tuttle watch impatiently as Chris open the drawer -- more notebook in here -- rifle through they until he find the one he 's look for , flip back a few page as_he walk over to Mr. tuttle and start to read , stammer slightly ... Michael peretzian 17 . CHRIS a good teller be primarily a good counter . a teller count and keep track of money all day long , take care to keep the corner on bill turn straight and face the same way . Mr. tuttle check he watch , shift he weight , do not bother to hide how antsy he be to get the hell out of there . CHRIS at_the end of the day , the teller balance the cash in the drawer against the payrout ticket . now be really the test of a goot . teller . teller can go for year without ! be eut of balance . Mrs. Lange say she 's never be out of balance yet . Mr. tuttle roll he eye at that one . CHRIS but , of course , the real key to be a good teller isa friendly personality . that 's how you get customer to open a new account , or buy a CD or somet : ig . the motto of a good teller be be '' friendly and accurate . ( leok up at Mr. tuttle ) but mostly be accurate . Mr. tuttle stare at C moment , then -- that 's very g ( turn to gi Mrs . Lange say the room fixture need a new bulb . Chris nod , make a note in he ok , then look up and watch as the bank manager walk kly out of the door as we en ... CUT to : Chris in the john , screwing a new bulb into the ceiling fixture . we then ... CUT to : Chris dusting one of the old western painting . he step back , straighten it , then move to the n . we then ... CUT to : Chris open a closet , wheeling out a mop and bucket . we hear a ho game broadcast over ac xwe then . .~ CUT to : Michael peretzian 18 . a small radio on Chris 's desk in the £.g. Chris , he jacket and sweater off so that we can see a fade sport jersey underneath that read mustang across the back . Chris -- hold the mop like a hockey stick -- shes a bar of soap across the floor as he listen to the play- by-play ... ext . bank - night as the black town car drive down the sleep main street , the brake light glow red just past the bank . int . bank - same as Chris " drive the line " with the bar of soap . as he crash into a trash can , we ... CUT to : a hockey rink as Chris crash against the board , bounce off again . he stick handle , forecheck , shoot crossrink pass , do it all with a calm , cool bear , as if he 's all alone on the ice -- a very different Chris from the one we have see so far . CUT to : inside the bank as Chris break for the counter ... announcer ( v.0o . ) Pratt , on a pass to Danny Stevens , Stevens back Pratt -- CUT to : the hockey as Chris ' teammate -- 17 - ; the puck , and the two dri 's CUT to : inside the bank as Chris dodge in and out of rao . slip , nearly fall , then regains he balance ... ald danny steven -- feed Chris rr the line together as we ... announcer ( v.o. ) Pratt fake a_ shot on the right side , deke the goalie out -- CUT to : the hockey game as garis backhand a shot just over the head of the sprawling goalie ... announcer ( v.o. ) -- and he score ! Young Chris throw up he hand , Danny Stevens skate into frame and hug he best friend as we ... CUT to : inside the bank cheering over as Chris smile , look about the bank at the imaginary " scream fan ... " CUT to : inside the town car as the four man watch Chris throw up he hand in celebration . we hear the crinkle of leather as the man in the back seat reach into a pocket , take a hit off a inhaler . Michael peretzian 1s. int . bank - same as Chris drop the soap on the floor , get ready to " play . " announcer ( v.o. ) with just under a minute leave to play , the mustang be ahead by one -- CUT to : the hockey game as play resume , Chris make a move for the puck , viciously elbow another player in the mouth , knock out a couple of the guy 's tooth . @ referee blow he whistle . announcer ( v.o. ) whoa ! another five minute major for Chris Pratt ! not much of a birthda 's resent : he have to finish the game in e x Danny Stevens stop skate . look incredulously at Chris who shrug just as he 's suddenly jump on by a oppose player . a brawl ensues as we ... CUT to : the bank as a breathless Chris stop a moment , look at he reflection in the glass as we ... CUT to : the hockey game as Chris be haul off / of there and watch the réfa . he look back at he fi e penalty box . he 's force to sit second of the game by himself . shake of the head as we .. fe father give he a annoyed CUT to : the bank 7 ° as Chris look down at the sol e floor and we hear a buzzer SOUND ... ~) announcer ( the mustang be the new state champion ! CUT to : the ice rink - slow motion as a coc Chris jump back onto the ice and skate around the rink . suddenly , some of the crowd break into sing " happy birthday . " face in the crowd whirl past :. the announcer , Chris 's mofher and father , he older sister and younger brother , a blond girl in a cheerlead outfit -- smile , blow he a kiss and finally ... Danny Stevens shaking he head at Chris as we ... CUT to : the bank as the cheering abruptly stop . Chris stand there , lean on he mop . CUT to : danny steven - silent shake he head , smile at we ... CUT to : CHRIS 20 . as he flick the soap across the floor , the full length of the bank right into a tip over trash can ... he then start to walk back to where he leave the mop bucket when he slip on the wet floor and fall on he ass . he sit there a moment , shake he head . we hear a horn honk os and Chris look out the window as a sheriff 's green and white pull to the curb . int . town car - same as the man in the backseat watch a deputy get out of the cruiser and approach the bank . man deputy donut 's ten minute late . another man Big to - do at the hardware store no doubt . man zm say he 's not as reliable as we ry . int . bank - same Chris unlock the front door where ted tillman -- a small , dumpy deputy only a few year older than Chris -- stand hold a bag of donut . go mustang . é wx ° hey , Ted . Ted sneeze , then hand Chris . ted they do not have no more sjélly , so I get you a custard instead . CHRIS no problem . Ted watch as Chris swat at the back of he now - wet jeans , snap he finger . ted e fuck ! startle , Chris look at he . Ted smile . ted floor under can kill . get it ? f.u.c.k...? CHRIS I get it -- yeah . that 's good . Chris walk over to the desk , write f.u.c.k. on a yellow post - it and stick it to the side of the mop bucket . ted a.s.s. always soap in shower . Michael peretzian 21 . CHRIS yeah , that be a good one , too . Ted smile , sneeze again . CHRIS get a cold ? ted it 's no wonder I do not get pneumonia give the house be now cold enough to meat . CHRIS how come ? ted remember , I tell you yesterday , shari will not let I keep y the heat on after . nine o'clock ? Chris take out he notebook , go back a few page . read : CHRIS -- because of the baby . ted yeah . right . only we do not refer to it as the spaby no more . we do not ? no . we call i call it " the Little paglne® gp account of it - make she so hot '' CO og. I . CHRIS but she have not even bia ted Doctor tell she she 's get twice as much blood in she body right now and that 's why she can not cool off . the kid be not even bear nm yet and I be already awake all night . I gotta say , Chris , be you be lucky you do not ever have to worry about this stuff . Chris look at he , but Ted 's look at he watch now . ted : I gotta roll . you take it easy now , Chris . and remember ... floor onder ... CHRIS -- can kill . I will remember . good - night , ted. ext . " the quaff " - kansas CITY - night a happen downtown bar , big window frame eager body chat it up , bounce to loud music . Michael peretzian 22 . int . bar - same where Chris sit alone at the crowded bar drink a sharpes and watch the other patron mingle , socialize . as Chris watch , a group_nearby raise they glass as a guy make a toast . Chris smile , raise he own glass . . the guy crack a joke , the group crack up . so do Chris , even though he do not quite hear what they say . he drink with they . he turn away , see the bart ! er watch he . bartender ( loud , slow ) two -fifty . for. the. beer . Chris fumble about for the right amount of cash , pay he tab . bartender thank . you. very . much . the bartender give Chris he version of a grin , move away . Chris take a sip , look around the bar . suddenly , he eye get heavy , he 's about to nod off when -- bartender even . Chris look over as a-woman sit down on the stool next to he . with Red wine , please she watch some man at one of the table in the back . Chris be try to think 's thing to say when a man -- black leather jacket , open -coll shirt tuck into black jeans over black boot -- come uf le she , do not look at she as he order a drink : wx ss Wild Turkey , neat . Chris watch as the man now come around to face the woman , see she 's watch the pool player . you like pool ? woman when it 's play well . man I know this hustler once , Puerto rican fella name kiki , have one arm , use to play eight ball with a broomstick . woman no kid . Michael peretzian 23. man yeah . he have this dog , a pitbull . what he would do , he would jue . up on the table everytime kiki be lose , grab the cueball in he tooth and run away . the woman nod , consider this guy a moment . woman you make that one up , do not you ? man true story . scout 's honor . now I be suppose to beli : you jow I be B ped to eve be a boyscout ? man thrifty , brave , clean and reverent . that 's I . the man smile at she , start to move away . man take care now . woman hey , thrifty -- ( he pause ) what would kiki ci he dog ? Karl . ys we uh-huh . and mae oe you ? man ( beat ) Gary . enjoy you wine - Chris watch as " Gary " walk to the back of the bar where he sit down with three other man . one of they , a musclebound redhead , look over and smile at Chris . Chris quickly turn back to the bar , take out he notebook and begin scribbling as we then ... fade to black a girl , blonde , 17 ( cheerleader from the hockey game ) , lean into frame , look down at we , she hair fall aii about she face ; the night sky pitch black behind she . girl happy birthday . ext . a field - night ( flashback ) where a new red mustang be park . music come from inside the car . another couple can be see make out in the back window . Michael peretzian 24 . girl do not you wanna unwrap you present ? we boom down to where Chris and the pretty blond lay entwine on a blanket . above they head , a bumper sticker read , " give blood . play hockey . " CHRIS oh. yeah ... he quickly begin unbuttone she blouse . girl I know it 's not as nice as the car you dad get you ... CHRIS it 's up there . she look down at he as he open she blouse , a ear- to - ear grin on he face . girl tell I what to do . CHRIS what do you wanna do ? girl it 's you night . I will do anything you want . in that case , you to do everything . Chris reach up to touch she , but the girl fade out before the touch , so that all we be ving at be ... black > lewis ( v.0o . ) wakey wakey , let go of snakey . int . CHRIS ' room - morning Chris open he eye to see Lewis lean in the doorway . lewis know what today be ? CHRIS lo I give up . he step the rest _of the way into the room , 80 that we can see he 's wear a pale - blue blazer over a Hawaiian shirt and a wide , pattern tie . down low he 's get on corduroy pants and he usual black & white oxford . qor 's Turkey Day ! irke ( then ) en , how do I look ? Michael peretzian 25 . CHRIS ( beat ) perfect . ext . pratt estate - night as a_light snow fall on a tudor biggie fronted by several acre of sloping lawn . Chris ' Honda start up the drive , pull in behind a dozen pricier vehicle . Lewis get out rig it away . Chris get out , run around the car ... CHRIS you get three step up . lewis Big fuckin stone one I bet . int . the pratt house - night dozen of well - dress kid run amok as Chris and Lewis come inside the marble foyer . a maid take they coat as Chris quickly introduce Lewis to he young brother on -- handsome , healthy , what Chris be once upon a time ; he babe - deb girlfriend ; be ' older sister alison , she husband and infant daughter ... dorothy ( 0.s. ) there you be ... and sweeping down the stair be dorothy pratt -- sixty , deck - out in velvet dior and rl necklace . I be just . all , make sure you ha : that 's what he 's oo x . dorothy look at Lewis , he out : '' ae dorothy how nice to see you , Lewis . ghe take he hand to shake it . he hang onto it and kiss to lewis and so nice to not see you , dottie . dorothy smile , exchange a awkward look with Chris as a maid come out and ring a dinner bell ... int . the pratt dine room - night as adult guest file around the huge table . alison 's husband start to sit down in the seat next to richard pratt -- sixty , a autocratic face set off by a razor - perfect shock of silver air . richard that 's Chris 's seat . the husband look at alison , then about the table where all seat now seem to be take up by adult ... Michael peretzian 26. CHRIS I will go eat with the kid . Richard look hard at he son-in - law who motion to Chris . husband lil go . Chris come over and sit down next to he father at the head . Lewis sit down at the other end next to dorothy on one side , cameron 's date on the other . dorothy open a prayer book ... dorothy if everyone will join hand ... everyone bow they head , take the hand of the person sit next to they . cameron 's date look at Lewis who hold up he hand . she hesitates , then finally take Lewis ' hand . Chris look about at the other stiff at the table as ... dorothy thank you , dear Father , for bring we family together to eat of you abundance laid before we . continue to bless we with you prosperity so we may be a example to other in the world . in Christ 's name ... amen . dissolve to : the dine room - later as the may pass a é dorothy look at Chris ' navy - blue jacket . dor ! I can not believe aft 1 this year , you still have that old coat . cameron do not dad use to wear at like that ? Chris look at he little brother , this barely twenty - year - old kid hide behind Hugo boss and a ninety - dollar haircut . dorothy rll g° to hall next week , pick , out something a little more fashionable . CHRIS I like this coat . dorothy what be you now , about a 38 ? you use to be a forty , forty - two , but I think you have sh : some . CHRIS I like this coat . dorothy you can throw it in the bag up in you room . , Michael peretzian 27 . CHRIS what bag ? dorothy just some old thing I find in the closet . CHRIS you be throw my stuff away ? dorothy whatever you do not want . I be turn you room into a studio . richard mother 's painting now . lewis still life ? dorothy collage . I be take a class . richard her teacher tell I they do a lot of work with the ot people wo at the hospital . maybe you have see she ... CHRIS ! I do not know , I have not be go to therapy for a #hile . Richard look at chri how long ? } CHRIS q six month . S Richard and dorothy exchange loo ! < p richard you be not through . CHRIS I be fine . lewis I get he do some yoga , walk a few mile a day . richard what 's that gonna do for he head ? everyone eat in silence a moment . Lewis lift he head , listen to the akwardness hang in the air like a fog . lewis I get one for everybody . everyone look up . Chris look at Lewis , willing he to shut up . lewis skeleton walk into a bar , say I will have a beer and a mop . Michael peretzian ' 28 . Lewis crack up . get a few smile from the table . cameron laugh out loud . Chris shake he head . lewis okay , here 's another one ... CHRIS Lewis ... lewis grasshopper walk into a bar , say I will have a scotch and soda . 's '' Richard be stare at Lewis . . CHRIS Lewis ... lewis bartender say , hey , pal u_ know there 's a arink nahe afte you . the grasshopper say really ? they get a ink name Steve ? CHRIS Lewis . cameron explode . Richard put he napkin on he plate , look at Chris . R I will be in re ljprary . int . staircase - later as Chris slowly climb thi de stair , move away from the party below . le hesitates as ees he father sit in the ibrary in front of a chessb ass continue up ... int . CHRIS ' old bedroom - night a particular time in life freeze bd eeteure and poster and sport equipment . the only thing out of the teenage - ordinary be the hospital bed that sit under a window . Chris come into the room and take _in the hockey pogtez the cluttere desk ... carefully avoid look at the bed until he have to . a duffel bag sit at the foot . he look over a bookcase full of title like Don quioxte and the odyssey and the Brothers karamazov -- book for when one have get nothing in life but time . Chris finally move to the duffel bag , unzip it and look over the content , a few item of clothing , he old hockey uniform , a yearbook . he flip through page of that ... insert - yearbook as_the page flip from another life ... we stop at a dance -- polynesian theme , be and " Kelly " ( the blonde ) dress like native under a sign that read " sunny Bali . " Chris turn another page and stiffen . Michael peretzian 29 . insert - yearbook Danny Stevens in he hockey uniform , some Susan polis shultz poem print down the side of the page . chris ? richard ( v.0 . ) ris ? int . CHRIS ' bedroom - night as Chris look to the intercom sit on the bedstand . CHRIS I will be right down . Chris eye the yearbook another moment , then put it back in the duffel bag and walk out without take anything . int . library night we pan a wall full of trophies for everything from hockey to gebate to shoot trap . Chris ' name be engrave on all of they . in amongst the trophy be photograph of Chris and he father hunt , fishing , shoot trap : a few more of Chris P. aying hockey . Chris and he brother snowboard . not a single recent picture . of Chris , however . CHRIS you have get I the run . Richard and Chris be middle of a chess game . cameron 1 watch . Lewis sit ch smoking a cigar , drink port , enjoy himself . RI 2 ( study the boi do I now ? Chris look to a glass gun cabiné tain a collection of gen and handmade sh is . chri en the door , take one jown . Richard look over as Chris then rack the shotgun . lewis there 's a comforting sound . Richard be clearly uncomfortable with Chris hold the gun . CHRIS this new ? richard be a gift from Charlie whitehall . ( then ) my partner . CHRIS I know who Charlie whitehall be . richard uh-huh -- you move . Chris sit down and study the board . Michael peretzian 30 . CHRIS you have leave you queen unprotect . Richard casually take a key from he pocket , lean over and lock the gun cabinet . CHRIS you do not have to do that . caught , Richard stiffen , but when he turn , he see that Chris be still look at the chessboard . richard do what ? CHRIS give I you Queen . richard be that what you think , son , that I be you my Queen ? Chris do not answer . Richard shrug . richard you do not wanna take she , do not take er . Chris stare at the board . not sure now what to do . he finally take the Queen . okay . Richard look at & diately make a move . ° check. oq . Chris stare at the board , gs , I do not see fhat -- richard apparently not . CHRIS oh , man ... Richard sit back , study he son . richard it 's important , Chris , to think like | a winner , even uu look like dosing . that vote for sveryth yo Chris cut a look at Lewis , see that he 's listen . he make a move as Richard lean close to Chris , lower he voice ... richard you can still think like a winner , son . I know you can . this get Chris look up as Richard nake he final move . Michael peretzian 31 . richard that 's mate . ext . the pratt house - night as Chris and Lewis pull out of the driveway . int . CHRIS ' car - night Chris and a subdued Lewis ride in silence . finally ... lewis can I say something , you will not get upset ? CHRIS what. lewis I do not think you should go home anymore . Chris look over at_ Lewis who just face front , offer nothing more . Lewis then lean forward , reach for the stereo ... ext . kansas CITY STREET - night it 's snow as Chris ' car drive past , we hear mahler over . ext . the noel town bank - night as Chris lock up , wal to he car . int / ext farm road - NI as Chris ' headlight pick egg fresh corn " he pul carry a bunch of floi field . ext . field - night he look around until he see a white headstone , small , with only a date from six year ago inscribe . Chris crouch in front of it , set the flower on the ground , reach out and touch the stone . get out of the car . he sign that read " hansom farm ' 8 ep d as he walk into the after a moment , he begin to shake and he grip the marker for support as we hear he Zon . he let go of the stone , sit back in the dirt , he whole body rack now . we then ... dissolve to : e int . " the quaff " - night Chris sit at the bar , write in he notebook ... CHRIS ( v.0 . ) once upon a time , I wake up . I go to school . I go to work . I take a goddamn shower with soap . and then I jump off the fuck roof -- he scribbles over what he 's write , sense something , look up to see the bartender stand there . the guy smile , raise he voice ... Michael peretzian 32. bartender the usual , buckaroo ? CHRIS thank you . Chris watch two women shoot rogl . one of they -- ina long , fuzzy sweater -- nicely fill out -- over blue jeans and black boot -- come over to the bar , take a sip off the beer she 's get sit there , smile at Chris . woman hey . CHRIS hey . her friend motion she back over to the table ... friend luvlee -- you shot . woman right there . Chris watch as she take a long , easy drink . she turn , catch he look , smile at he , open a door ... CHRIS I know a one - armed pool player once . ( pause Excuse I ? chr . a guy who play po th one arm . woman oh yeah ? how would he ho. cue . Chris just sit there . shit . he not remember . finally ... CHRIS ( take a stab ) he -- he have a dog . woman ( wait , then ) and what , the dog help he ? CHRIS I think so . yeah . woman huh . take it easy . she start back for the pool table . Chris palm himself on the forehead , look away , see the bartender stand there stare a marry CHRIS I will have another one , please . the guy shake he head , move _to the cooler . Chris take out he notebook , go back several page ... Michael peretzian 33. voice he use a broomstick for a cue . Chris turn , see gary , the guy from the other night , sit a couple stoois down , he cowboy hat sit on the bar . gary what he would do , he would rest the stick on the stump of he other arm , line up he shot . it look real awkward but dammit if it do not work for he . Chris just look at he as the bartender bring Chris he beer , lean over the bar and speak to Chris in a loud voice : bartender that. will . be. two. fifty . please . Chris glance uncomfortably at Gary , then reach for he wallet . the bartender take he money , move away . gary you hard of hearing or something ? CHRIS no . gary barkeep seem to think you be . the bartender set down be ' change ... er ( loud ) there . you . . the bartender move away , " ox he arm . gary Excuse I , sunshine . > the bartender look down at Gary ' no on he arm . he 's not deaf . bartender what ? gary kid just tell I , he 's not deaf . the bartender glance at Chris , pull he arm free . bartender I know he 's not . gary there some reason , then , why you kee raise you voice every time you talk - to he the bartender glance at Chris , then ... bartender so he can understand I . Michael peretzian ' 34 . gary why would not he ? the bartender be uncomfortable . Gary look at Chris . gary can you understand he ? CHRIS it 's no problem , I do not mind -- gary can you understand he ? CHRIS yes . ga : look at the bartender , and smile , but it be not mirth or good cheer that the bartender read on Gary 's face . gary so now you know . bartender yeah . now I know . phe sey can not get out of there fast enough . Gary shake he ead . gary people . he see Chris stare sa he hand . Gary spargo . ° Chris eye he a beat , shake ope CHRIS Chris . Pratt . < p Gary raise he beer . gary cheer . ( then ) so what be it happen to you , Chris , car accident ? bad fall ? . Chris pause , the bottle right at he lip , look at Gary . CHRIS be you a doctor or something ? gary be not too hard to figure out . you come in here tonight , you be limping . you also seem to have some trouble speak . and then there 's the little notebook you get there ... Gary tap Chris ' pocket . Michael peretzian 35 . gary I know someone else once have a similar problem , could not remember thing , have of write everything down to keep track of the day . CHRIS I do not have that problem . gary what 's my name ? Chris look at he . he 's forget . Gary smile . gary Gary spargo . CHRIS Gary -- I know . gary Gary -- spargo . CHRIS Gary spargo , right . gary people think you be stupid , do not they ? or worse . Chris do not answer t Gary take out a inhaler . irony be ... ( look at ... they be stup better . Gary take a hit off the mig ender ) |. or not know any - gary they be also afraid . CHRIS of what ? gary of you . CHRIS why ? gary because you be different . like with dog , the way they always attack the sickest one in the pack , just in case . CHRIS what be you , like a shrink or something ? gary no , but I be what you mis at calla student of the human minute I know people . michae ! peretzian 36 . CHRIS huh . gary it 's a complicated world , and the human mind 's the most complicated thing in Chris nod . no kid . they both drink a moment . gary so_ how would it happen ? you do not have to tell I you do not want to . CHRIS ( beat ) I be drive on old farm Road 24 . at night . I hit a combine , be stall out in the middle of the road . gary that old road can get pretty dark at night . CHRIS yeah . they can . they say I be throw ninety foot . gary tasy say ? you mean you do not remember I can rememb gtf\ before and right after . I reme xy no face down in a cornfield . TI la hear the voice of the paramedics 's l ig for I . one be a woman . I rem hink the medivac be gonna 1 op of I . gary uh-huh , so who die ? Chris look at he . gary like I say , I know people . CHRIS ( beat ) my best friend . gary you do any time for that ? ( then wait a minute , what be I say ? you be Chris fuck Pratt . of course , you do not do any time . they drink a moment , then ... CHRIS my dad have this ... monument put in the ground where it happen . I drive out there once a week , just sit there , for hour sometimes . Michael peretzian 37 . gary what you be sayin : yourre doin : you own i fight ’now , 's that ria yo ) CHRIS something like that , yeah . Gary nod , take a drink , look at Chris in the bar mirror . gary so now you drink near beer , walk with a limp . what else ? Chris shrug , reach for he glass . I ick Te ith leave can up a glass with : e : hand , but . wy his hand shake , he put the glass back down . CHRIS ... I can not always drink from it . Gary smile at he -- warm , reassure . Chris shrug . CHRIS sometimes I call tomato lemon . my right side shiver on its own when the weather 's cold , ... I have trouble remember thing : d , and be like my name . chr . it 's Gary ... some 's '' o. gary spargo . why do not yo pe write ok . it down in you bo Chris look around for he book . gary it 's in you pocket . sure enough . Chris look at he . Gary smile . gary there 's a expression : God close a door , he open a window . or he close a window , he open a door -- I do not know , it 's one a that , anyway , the point be , maybe something good come out of you , you know , you accident . CHRIS good ? I do not think so . Gary nod , turn and watch the two girl shoot pool . watch beeps . he start to slide off fhe stool ... CHRIS I should get go -- Chris ' Michael ! peretzian 38 . Gary look off at the two girl play pool . gary man , that redhead really wear that sweater , do not she ? Chris look to where the girl be laugh now , and look back this way ... CHRIS yeah . gary I get the impression she kinda like you . Gary turn to Chris and smile as we then ... dissolve to : int . the quaff - night as Gary stand body - to-body behind the sweater girl 's friend , help she line up on the eight ball . the music be on loud , it 's hard to hear what anyone . say , but it 's easy to see that they have be play and drink for a while ; all of they have a good time . a unsteady Chris lean on a cue watch as they take they shot and miss , come up ghing , the sweater girl 's friend now iving Gary a fast kisg / on / the mouth , then back away smile . I get I . the one sweater stand beside Chris , chat away ... s| G I use to dance a irl illy 's , you know that place in ? but it get close down on of debt , so , for right now , I ' ring with maura at the chamber of : erce , answer phone . what you do ? CHRIS well , I uh ... I be sorry . I forget you name -- sweater girl again ...? he take out he notebook ... sweater girl luvlee . l-u-v-l-e-e. Chris look off as ga : move up on maura , maura rise up on tip-toe , so she can sit back on the edge of the pool table and let Gary kiss she , this time long and hard and proper . luvlee anything you wanna know about Kansas City , i>can tell you . ( watchi : S gar ) watch ga - like wi the Michael peretzian 39 . luvlee like do you know that teflon be invent here ? maura ( time out from Gary ) the eskimo pie , too . id the McDonald 's happy meal . and ... maura / luvlee ... the melt -in-your-mouth -not-in-your - hand M&M candy coating . gary you girl be so interesting . Chris watch rapt as Gary smile , plant another one on maura and then ... gary how ' bout we all go somewhere quiet , we can better hear what you two have to say ? ext . luvlee' apartment build - night where the black town car be now park out front . int . the girl ' apartment - same ' as Chris and luvlee sit the couch listen to the giggle , soft music and low mo : ing in from the next room . you know , we alge ow each other . he look at she . ] luvlee q we go to school tog De ( help ) course , be " gina " th CHRIS I do not remember you . luvlee well , back then , I be not exactly the type you would remember . he stare , try for the life of he to place she . luvlee I be on scholarship . I be one of the poor kid you never talk to . CHRIS oh -- luvlee I see you play the night you win the state championship . it be you birthday . do you remember that game ? CHRIS yeah . Michael peretzian 40. do 2 Cal y I tt : you use a ba 's uu be a real sweetie pie gat there 's oh the ice . you do not just check a iy -- no , you have to take he out and turn he off . he look at she . she 's all smile . I mbe : ou soe a fi remember you get you secon have minute najoy at 's the end of the game . which mean next game you woulda sit on the bench . but it be the last ame of the season and you know that t do not matter , so whatta you do ? you go and slash the fuck out of a shitty player at the end of a game you have already win . and still everybody sing happy birthday to you . CHRIS ( beat ) you remember all that , huh ? luvlee oh , yeah . I think to myself , that Kelly Murphy 's one lucky girl . we hear giggling in the next room . luylee then I hear happen after the ame to uu and Kelly and I orget the of ' g. 's name ... chr . Nina . oo ) luvlee I remember everyone it about how you wake up , you know , other guy . Chris turn away , look out the window . luvlee I just keep think , God , I and he , we be the same age . what if that be I that happen to ? he look at she , he eye suddenly dark ; he voice , icy . CHRIS it still could . uvlee ( beat ) oh , man . I be sorry what be I think ? I should not have say anything . - CHRIS ( change back ) no . no . it 's okay . no problem . I be the one should be sorry . you do not mean anything . . Michael peretzian 41. luvlee no. I do not . she turn he face so that he 's look up at she . more noise from the next room . hear it , they both have to smile . luvlee you still look the same to I . he look at she . she kiss he , reach down , grab hold of he between he leg . luvlee I see everything still work ... she raise she sweater , put he hand inside . she shiver ... luvlee you hand be cold . CHRIS sorry -- she kiss he , study he a moment . luvlee so tell I , Chris , do you and Kelly + ever get to ... you know 's he do not answer , which be answer enough . because if ¥<u you could pretend I be she . she kiss he . he keep yes open . she smile . = luvlee it 's a lot better , <> e you eye . CHRIS why be you do this ? luvlee do it matter ? CHRIS ( beat ) no . he start to cry , quickly close he eye and lean into she as we then ... dissolve to : int . gary car - night as Gary drive Chris home . Chris shut he watch off . gary you get anything to say ? CHRIS turn right at the next block . gary outside of that . Michael peretzian 42 . Chris just shrug . Gary cut a look at he . gary gotta be careful , Chris . girl like that , she will fuck you to piece . CHRIS tell I about it . this be I right here . Gary stop in front of Chris ' apartment building , look out . gary what 's with the red light ? CHRIS I forget my address sometimes . Gary nod , study the building a moment , then ... gary how 's a titan like Richard Pratt feel about you live in a place like this ? CHRIS he 's never see it . ery cut a look at Chris , take out he inhaler , take a deep at . father , man / 's fyck them . fuck ‘em all . especxél not , fuck he all the way to hi im ack , which be where he 's get ight now . chri . 2 what would he do ? lg gary various thing -- yendag chine , pharmaceutical plumbin upply he id all the pipe underneath arrowhead Stadium . or he 's the one get pay for it anyway . Gary look out the window , go silent , down in some dark place now that make Chris just a little nervous . CHRIS well , I should be -- gary he kill he business partner . this get Chris ' attention . Gary look at Chris . gary he kill he , then he marry the man 's widow , move into the man 's house , drive he car , even gain fifty pound dust so he could fit into the man 's buit . CHRIS Jesus ... Michael peretzian 43. gary oh , yeah , Chris , the guy be a real ray of sunshine . Gary study the inhaler in he hand , turn to Chris . gary but that do not matter now , any . of that old past tense bullshit . ' rom here on in , you and I , we gotta be we own man , right ? Chris nod , see tear in Gary 's exer Gary put the inhaler back in he pocket , look out at e apartment building . gary you know something else . Chris ? ( nod to the ilding ) you be better than this . ( turn to Chris now ) a lot better . ext . CHRIS ' apartment - night as Chris get out of Gary 's car and start for he building . halfway , he turn back , watch as Gary drive up the street . int . CHRIS ' apartment - night quiet . we hear a key in the lock . the door open and Chris enter . he start for bedroom , then pause , look at ... the kitchen table where we see a plate co 's cover with saran wrap . Lewis ' room , peer inside ... int . lewis ' room - same as Chris turn on the light . we <e spevis asleep in bed . Chris look around the immaculate room .. t the sweatsuit hang in the closet with they tactile tag . the computer . the braille book . ' the tape recorder on the desk . lewis you wear perfume ? Chris look at Lewis , he eye still close . CHRIS . what ? me? no -- e Chris back away , turn off the light . CHRIS sorry I wake you -- lewis ( sit vp ) hey -- wait ! stop ! do not move ! ( then ) you with a lady tonight ? Chris just stand there . caught . stuck . h tin foil . a glass of milk es apple . Chris walk over to Michael peretzian a 4 . lewis son-of-a-bitch . you get laid , do not you ? CHRIS I do not wanna talk about it . lewis but you be , my friend , you be . Lewis pat the bed . Chris come over , sit down . lewis so , what , you get a hummer ? CHRIS Lewis . lewis okay , at least tell I she name . CHRIS luvlee -- something . lewis Lovely ? that 's a name ? CHRIS l-u-v-l-e-e. ss huh . that 's n one . so what 's this luvlee {or ing look like ? ' ss she 's ... cute . é nice . lewi . you meet she at thai uu go to , what 's it call , the £ B ) . - the quast yeah . sh hi ith e@ quaff . yeah . e be there wi a friend . lewis here I be sit at home alone every night while you be out get blow and God know what else luvlee something who by the way have a friend and you do not introduce I ? CHRIS lemon . that 's what it be . lewis that 's what what be ? her favorite fruit ? CHRIS her last name . lewis luvlee lemon ? that 's she name ? Michael peretzian 45 . CHRIS actually it 's a stage name . she 's a ... performer . lewis uh-huh . and by stage , I be assume you mean the kind with a pole ? CHRIS what do you mean ? lewis she 's a stripper , no ? CHRIS she 's a dancer . lewis Chris -- CHRIS she 's not a stripper . lewis let 's move on . how would you meet she ? CHRIS Gary introduce I to she . j lewis who 's Gary ? who ? spargo . lew . do I know this 22 CHRIS no . I do not think a5 lewis huh . they sit there a moment . Chris finally get up . CHRIS well , I better get some sleep . lewis yeah . you better . you dog . Chris walk out . Lewis ' smile fade ; he expression go thoughtful now . ext . noel town bank - night a sheriff 's green & white be park out front . deputy Ted tillman lean in the doorway ... ted ( v.0 . ) she put I on a pager ... int . bank - same Michael peretzian 46 . Chris , in a big hu ickly mop the floor as Ted show he a bright red beeper on fis belt of p ted -- in case she water break or whatever while I be on my shift . ( then ) phil costello say I look like a drug dealer . you know , ' cause of how they always wear this color beeper -- be I know what he mean . Ted nod , watch as Chris ickl . ts the away and decide to get back on the other subject ...» mop ted wo not be do now I guess . Doctor say two week at the most . Chris start shutting off the light ... ted I be make a list to take with I to the hospital of everyone I be gonna call once the baby show . case you be wonder , you be right there at the top after my in - law . Chris look at Ted . why ? ted why what ? q CHRIS why would I be at wedi you list ? ted because I want you to be the first of my friend to know , that 's why . CHRIS be we friend , Ted ? Ted look at Chris . chuckle ... nervous now ... ted you forget or something ? do not tell I you gotta write down in you book , too . of course we be friend . Chris finally smile at he . CHRIS I remember . int . quaff - night it 's quiet in here tonight as Chris come in and look around al the ce on he way to a stool . he sit down , be catch off guard when the bartender immediately bring he a sharpes . Michael peretzian 47. bartender ( all_smile ) the usual , buddy ? CHRIS uh -- thank you . Chris take a sip , hear laughter and look over at the pool table where a young couple play eight ball . no Gary . the phone ring . Chris sip he beer , look around , jump as the bartender set the phone down on the bar in front 's of he . bartender it 's for you . Chris look at the phone , hesitates , take it ... CHRIS hello ? gary ( phone ) you wanna hang , drink with a bunch of frat boy , or you wanna come out and play some more with I and my friend ? CHRIS where be you ? gary ( phone ) see the black car out front ? Chris turn , look out £he window . we see the lincoln park at the curb . a short <x be redhead , lean against it . S uh-huh . ° gary rg} that 's you ride . cs CHRIS be you in there ? gary ( phone ) cork will take you to where I be . the line go dead . Chris see the bartender stare at he . ext . " the quaff " - night as Chris walk out to the car , the short stocky , red-headed guy smile ( be always smile , extend he hand ... red head Dennis cork . cork hold onto Chris ' hand a extra second or two ... cork you get a good grip , chief . as he get in , Chris glance back at the bar -- see the bartender lean way over the counter now to see . Michael peretzian 48 . ext . alley - night as the town car turn off the street into the alley and park . cork get out , ib the door for Chris . Chris look around at the dark surroundings , suddenly not so sure of anything . cork point towards a metal door , paint bright red , across the alley . cork he 's in there . Chris nod , stare at the door , not so sure . cork put a hand on he shoulder . cork not to worry , chief. grin ) I be lookin ' out for you . int . private club - night loud . full of people . cork lead Chris through the crowd to a table at the back where we see Gary -- in he uniform of leather jacket and slack -- sit with two other guy . Gary have to shout over the music ... gary Chris ! sit down ! Chris sit down and ga : black man with rasta dyea ndicate the guy on he right -- a goatee and pierce eyebrow . this be marty crrif¥ 7 hello . marty barely nod , keep he rege on Chris . gary and this -- and now Gary indicate the gy on the other side of he -- this guy tall , pate and thin , with dark shade and a shitty comb - over ; one leg fold over another , he wear all black thread and cheap run shoe , a cross between Ric ocasek and a pray 8 . : gary -- be my cousin , Bobby bone . CHRIS ( beat ) the guy do not react , do not move . Hell , with that dark shade , it 's hard to tell if the guy 's even look at Chris . Chris watch as Gary grab a pass waitress , pull she down to he and whisper something in she ear . whatever it be , it make she smile . Gary then turn back to Chris ... gary what do you think of my club ? Michael peretzian 49 . CHRIS you own this place ? gary piece of it , yeah . CHRIS I like it . the waitress reappear with a bottle of patron on a tray and some shot glass . Chris watch as Gary pull out a ck roll of cash and peel off several bill , and hand they to she . Gary pour they each a shot ... CHRIS I be really not suppose to drink . gary one shot will not kill you . marty slide the glass to Chris . they all raise they glass . gary to new friend . Chris swallow the tequila , he eye water from the burn . gary speak of which ... and maura make they way over to the d give Chris a kiss on the mouth . es marty stare at he , we then ... or dissolve to : int . CHRIS and lewis ' apartment - ht Lewis sit on the couch read from a braille book . he sip from a glass of wine , reach over and push a button on t of the audio clock that sit on the end table . a computer voice tell he it 's 1:32 a.m . he sit there a moment ... . lewis ( thoughtful ) Gary spargo . int . gary club - night the music on loud . and now three more girl have join the group so that everyone 's pair up ... even bone , t! gh he loe not so much as look at the girl that sit on he lap . Chris turn to see luvl table . luvlee bend d hey , you . she sit down on he lap , ba suddenly unhappy about someth : a interesting thing : every time that luvlee kiss , abs , nibble on Chris , marty give the girl in he lap a kiss , squeeze , whatever . Chris watch as Gary flash he cash roll for the waitress , busboy , whoever , always peel a few bill . he notice how luvlee and maura watch , too . Michael peretzian 50 . Gary look at Chris , smile , then check he watch , ts up just as a big guy -- he square head and fireplug neck sting out of a coat and tie -- bump into Gary and spill he vodka cranberry all down Gary 's front . gary what the fuck -- Gary step back and look at the guy who brushes a few drop of he drink off he own shirt . the Big guy 's buddy and a girlfriend appear at he side now to watch the action ... the neck why do not you fuckin pdy attention , watch what you be do 's gary pardon I ? the neck you fuckin stand up right into I . gary really ? be that what happen ? the buddy notice the face around the table , elbow the big guy who take one look at Bobby bone and double back ... the neck hey , you know what ? forget it . it be my fault , 68 I be not pay attention . what 's you nai 7e Chris watch rapt now as the guy completely come apart . the ne please , I do not want a of trouble . Gary smile ... gary I just ask you name be all . ... and wink at the guy 's girlfriend . the neck roland . Gibbs . gary Gary . spargo . the gy , know , nod , shake Gary 's hand , want to be anywhere but here right now . roland can I buy you a drink , Mr. spargo ? gary I do not need a drink , I be just leave . but ... ( brushes the stain ) ++. I do need a new shirt ... Michael peretzian 51 . roland absolutely . the least I can do . ( take out he wallet ) what kind be it ? I will pay you for it right now . gary I do not know what it be , but I sure like the one you get on , roland . roland what , this one ? gary yeah . what be that , armani ? roland I think so , yeah . Gary wait . the guy finally get it , put he wallet back . you want it ? gary it 's a little big , but , then , I like they loose . i roland say no more , it 's yours . he start to unbutton he shirt right there . roland 's buddy and girlfriend now into the safety of the crowd . Li oh , yeah ... Chris turn , see the beginni : see how she , and the other this up as well , even the guy off Gary . the guy unbutton he cuff , reveal a huge gold rolex . Gary see it . Chris see that Gary see it , see the guy give hin a uneasy look as Gary stare at the man 's wrist ... a smile on luvlee 's face , that matter , be eat iend can not take she eye gary Nice cufflink . ro : ( relieved ) you want they ? gary you do not mind ? roland not at all . the guy dump the cufflink on the table in front of Chris , start to peel of he tie . Gary look at Chris as he say : gary tie 's nice , too . look smart with the shirt . Michael peretzian s2. roland it 's yours . luvlee can barely contain herself as the guy now hand Gary the tie , then take off he shirt , take it off to reveal a sieeveless black T underneath . cork take in the guy 's muscle , whistle . cork ole rollo 's sure cut up , be not he , Chris ? Chris look at the guy , embarrassed for he , yet exhilated at the same time . the guy cuts_a glance over he shoulder , see that people be start to look this way , wonder what 's go on . ry take the shirt , drape it over he arm .. gary you get a small waist for such a big guy . roland ( proud ) I be a thirty - four . Gary nod . roland get it , look down at he belt ... roland you want it ? it 's calfskin . I figure . you want the pi bey toot gary '' '' what do I look like d? roland ( hand he the bel and again , Mr. spargo , real sorry . gary it 's forget . Gary shake he hand . roland start to move away ... gary say , roland ... roland stop ... Gary nod to he wrist ... that a rolex ? ext . alley - night as Gary and company exit the club jaughing Chris and luvlee bring up the rear . Gary take a whiff of the shirt , wince ... gary I hate man wear fuckin perfume . Gary toss roland 's stuff into a dumpster , all except for the rolex which he examine a moment . he look up at Chris who have not stop stare at Gary since the incident begin ... Michael peretzian 53. gary here you go , Chris . he toss he the watch . Chris barely catch it . everyone jasp , then jaughin as he finally get control of it . he cook at the watch , then up at Gary who tap he head ... . gary I know people . they all start off for the car , Chris bring up the rear , now stare at the watch in he hand . luvlee put she arm around he , look at it ... luvlee that be so righteous ... dissolve to : ext . the " west bottom " district - night a industrial tract full of abandon building between the railroad track and the old stockyard . the town car pull with to a decrepit five - story factory with the name " kc bolt & S " paint on the brick . erybody pile out ... a industrial space Metal counter . fluorescent light . floor-to-ceiling , steel - frame window provide a- 1 view of the downtown Kansas City skyline . a freight EL ! R arrive and the group step off . Home sweet hi he move to a stereo , hit cres and led Zepplin begin blast . Chris take one '' CD f£ the elevator , slip and fall on he ass . com '' sy woopsy johnny -- as cork bend down to help Chris to he foot , we see that the floor be cover with a metallic carpet of nut , bolt , tack , and screws of all shape and size . maura what be this place ? gary use to be a factory , make nut and bolt and shit . Chris look around , the place set up as a kind of clubhouse . a pinball machine over here . a big zer over there . gary my old man own a few of this old 3 ace , leave ‘em to I when he die . get idea for the whole area . . cork at the other end of the room now -- he shirt off to expose he tattoo- cover torso -- lie on a bench - press lift a couple hundred pound no problem . Michael peretzian - 54 . cork hey , Chris , how ' bout you sit on the bar , see if I can lift you ? gary knock it off , cork. ( then to Chris ) I believe this be you brand -- Chris look over as Gary open the freezer , glance at cork , try to see inside as reach in , grab a sharpes and toss it to Chris . gary here you go , Chris . marty do not drink . do not smoke . what do you do ? Chris look at marty , a fat joint dangle from he lip , now go through a series of tal chi movement . luvlee for starter , he give I a fuckin jaccuzzi in my pants . ( flip he off ) whatta you do ? coo ) marty give she a darkq Gary come over , yank the joint from marty 's mouth . gar 's : you know how I feel t that shit . we hear a gunshot and Chris j $ ' they all turn as the bone shoot a pistol at a wall where empl crude " target " have be paint include : a person , irplane , and a dog . gary let 's go into my office , Chris . he look at luvlee . she wave . luvlee I will be right here . as Chris move off with Gary , luvlee motion for bone to give she the gun ... my t luvlee urn . she expertly rack the slide on the pistol , take aim and squeeze off a half dozen round into the head of the dog . int . a dark room - night we hear the music os as the door open and a light be turn on to reveal Gary and Chris stand in the doorway of a piss elegant office set up . a old leather couch , a red feel pool table and what would have to bea steal Coke machine . Michael peretzian 55 . CHRIS man. Chris see that the pool table be cover with pencil sketches of building , street , and public square . he look at one of they ... gary like I say , I get idea for this whole area . Gary come up beside he , gesture to the blueprint ... gary I be gonna redevelop it , turn it all into artist torte : restaurant gym . make it a brand new community , like soho , only , you know , right here . Chris look at Gary . CHRIS I do not know you be into real esate . Gary sit down on the couch . gary what be it you think you know about I , Chris ? ss luvlee say ' on the ten most want list thing like that . that 's nice of of to say , but it 's - not quite that way . °% ean , be I into : the occasional ille ivity ? yes , iam . do I have bi be for myself ? ( indicate drawing . you bet I do . I just havé ’to finance my dream be all . same as anybody . CHRIS Finance it , how ? Gary smile , walk over to the pool table . he crouch down , open a door underneath and look up at Chris . gary - take a look . e the hide cupboard be full of cash . CHRIS be that real ? ( laugh ) goddamn right , it 's real . CHRIS Jesus ... how much be that ? Michael peretzian sé. gary Three million , little more . go ahead , take a better look . Chris look at Gary , then reach in and grab a brick of cash . gary how 's it feel ? CHRIS good . gary -- right ? CHRIS Real good . they both smile , then something occur to Chris . CHRIS where would you get it ? gary where 's money usually come from ? I steal it from a fuckin bank . Chris look at Gary , the smile go now . gary you up for 's hing like that ? something 11 ) a! gar 's walk into a bi middle of the night and walk o1 everything ? CHRIS ( beat ) < p I do not know ... gary you afraid ? then , before Chris can answer . gary because I know I would be , I be you . I have be to prison before and I do not e ever wanna go back . ( then ) the simple truth be , Chris , you be smart enough , you can get away with 's clude murder . this get Chris ' attention . gary you just gotta be careful , you gotta take you time , and you gotta plan . Chris nod like he 's in total agreement . michaet peretzian 57 . gary and , in we case uu gotta pick the absolute right bank . 3 p CHRIS absolutely . yy something in the middle of nowhere . Little farm bank where they get all that u.s.d.a. money . you know what I be talk about ? the four to five million cash that come twice a year ? CHRIS farm subsidy money . gary gotta be rich this day to be a farmer , Chris . CHRIS absolutely . ( then so we would be steal money from farmer ? gary no , Chris , we would be steal money from the gov . and who really give a shit we steal from ? it 'sa totally victil ss crime . lot only that , the plage J , get in mind , they t : speak of . and why I mean , who 's ionna come all down to little joel , Kansas to a bank ? - 2 boom . Chris turn to Gary whecogh pagain be smile . ) gary no one even know the 5p . rrs exist . CHRIS where do you say ? gary after all , be not that the very same reason you drive a hour and a half each way to work there ? all of a sudden Chris look like he might fall over . CHRIS I can not rob a bank . gary you just say you could . CHRIS I be not serious . gary well , I take you seriously . Chris look at the cash still in he hand , quickly put it down on the pool table like its contaminate ... Michael peretzian 58. gary I do not know , but if I get my life rip out from under I the way you 9 . yours_ripped out from under you , 'a give less than half a shit ut what 's right and wrong anymore . CHRIS that be my own damn fault . gary that 's irrelevant . the point be , want you old life back , do not you CHRIS what do you think ? gary sorry . it 's too late , you can not have it back . no matter how hard you try . and you know it . Chris turn away and Gary move to stay in front of he . gary but I tell you what , Chris , I can give you something almost as good ... maybe even better . CHRIS what ? I can give y oe chr . ° the power ? gary zy uy old man always sai seo it 's one the few thing we a eyon -- that whoever 's have the money , the power . en do you have the power , Chris ? right now in you life CHRIS I do not know . gary how many janitor you know of have any kinda power to speak of ? CHRIS I make a live . gary there 's a difference , Chris , between make a live and have a life . CHRIS I be learn about the banking business . gary in fuck Noel , Kansas ? Michael peretzian 59 . Chris do not answer that . Gary laugh . gary I go to prison for my sin , so I do not . carry they around with I . you old man a tab , so now you drive out Old farm Road 24 once a week to leave you flower and keep fresh in you mind , case you forget , just what a piece a shit you be . Chris do not move . gary you know what the irony be ? the biggest fuckin joke of all ? en now that he 's step up for you you old man respects you even jess thak u_respect yourself . which mean , e'll never step up again . CHRIS I do not need my father for anything . gary I be say he would not help you anyway . CHRIS he would if I ask he . you think 's ' ss I know so . ° gary you think he would ue ey if you ask he ? CHRIS ( beat ) be that what this be about ? my father 's money ? gary hey ; Chris , I just show you three million cash i’ get squirrele under the pool table . fuck you old man 's money . that 's not where I be goin ' - - I be talk about the man have no fateh in you . I be talk about you as ! ™m for help , the answer 's already no . CHRIS if I ask my father for money , he would give it to I . gary yeah ? really ? tell you what -- Gary take out a cellphone , set it down on the pool table . gary let 's call he right now and ask he . Michael peretzian 60 . CHRIS ask he what ? gary ask he if he will loan you ten grand . ask he if he will loan you one grand . CHRIS for what ? gary tell he you have a idea , you wanna start a business . it reaily do not matter what you say -- he 's not gonna give you a fuckin nickel . Chris stand there look at Gary a moment . we hear laughing , music in the other room . CHRIS I think we be friend . gary we friend , Chris . outside of maybe some old blind wey dress like Larry flynt , I be the st friend you have get , ( 22a . } mean that . en have faith ik you . u . jz want to help how ? by robbi rll it y '' all ' sa again uu write it down this $ ye Gary tap Chris ' notebook . gary whoever have the money , have the power . ext . CHRIS & lewis ' apartment - morning a light snow fall as Lewis step outside onto the porch . lewis you get snow this morning -- int . apartment - same as Lewis shut the door , head for the kitchen . lewis -- s0 wear something warm . CHRIS ( 0.8s . ) I be . Lewis grab some egg from the refrigerator . lewis " do not forget you get class at two . CHRIS ( 0.s. I know . ( 0.8 . ) Michael peretzian 61 . lewis I be goin ' to the symphony with Andy Cho tonight , so I will be late -- Lewis start to fix a omelette as Chris come into the room , dress in black jeans . CHRIS you already say that . we see that he wear the rolex . he look at he reflection in the window , see that he old sport coat wreck the effect . lewis I will fix you something before I go . CHRIS I will be fine . lewis it 's no trouble . CHRIS I will eat something on the way home . lewis what , fast food ? see you later tewis . and he 's out the door . ext . kansas CITY stre as Chris busy a hot dog for : a chat R in a wheel chair . ty vendo ! Chris get into he car , take ite of he hot dog , look at the guy a moment , then pull , ext . CENTER for independent 1785 oe as Chris come out , walk to he . he pat he pocket , reer into the car , see he key in the ignition , and sit lown on the pavement and take off he shoe . int . bank - night as Chris mop the floor . he look up as Ted pull up , get out of he cruiser wave a bag of donut ... int . the quaff - night Chris sit at the bar , watch the other people , feel remove from everyone . he pay he tab , get up ... int . CHRIS ' apartment - night as Chris come in , see that Lewis have leave dinner out again for he . he take the apple , put the rest back in the refrigerator , and then go into ... he room and sit down on the bed . he take a bite of the apple , sigh , look around the room . Michael peretzian 62 . hanging on the back of the door be a hall department store garment bag . a note tape to it . Chris walk over and pull he note from the plastic ... insert - note written in perfect hand : " saw this . ' thought of you . mom . " CHRIS unzip the bag and pull out the arm of a new jacket . he take the bag off the door and fling it across the room . he sit down on the bed . he stare at the jacket on the floor a moment , then pick up the phone and dial a number ... voice ( phone ) hello ? CHRIS dad ? richard pratt ( phone ) Chris -- what time be it ? CHRIS a little after two . dorothy's voice be he all right ? have something happen to he ? ( phone ) I be you all ? chr : I be fine . I just 's wat could borrow zee thetisa . to know if I a dollar . ( beat ) what ? CHRIS I need to borrow ten thousand dollar . richard ( phone ) CHRIS I just need it . richard ( phone ) Chris , it 's two in the morning , this really be not the time to -- CHRIS how ' bout one thousand dollar ? could I borrow one thousand dollar ? richard ( phone ) be you all right , Chris ? CHRIS : can I have the money or not ? Michael peretzian 63 . richard ( phone ) ( ong pause , then ) be you in some kind of trouble ? CHRIS no. I be not in trouble . I just -- richard ( phone ) because if you be , I want to help out any way I can . you know I do . but I think , first should come over and we should talk about whatever it be face - to-face . CHRIS I be not in trouble . I just need the money . silence on the other end . CHRIS dad ? richard ( phone ) I do not think that 's a good idea . CHRIS you do not even ask what I want it ; or. : R : ( phone ) I ask , you , nis tell I . you ask if top trouble . RI ne ) all right , then , whi ou want the money for ? CHRIS ( beat ) I have a idea . ( beat ) richard ( phone ) be yes ? CHRIS I want to start a business . . richard ( phone ) with a thousand dollar ? exactly what sort of business do you think you can start with a thousand dollar ? CHRIS well , I be think , I might start a skate sharpen business , you know , over at crowne Center ? richard ( phone ) uh-huh . CHRIS maybe later , I could even sell some hockey equipment -- Michael peretzian 64 . richard ( phone ) look , Chris -- CHRIS you be say " no ? " richard ( phone ) yes . CHRIS you be say " yes ? " richard ( phone ) ( push ) lo -- be say you can not have the money . CHRIS okay . dorothy ( phone , os ) Richard ... richard ( phone ) look , Chris -- CHRIS it 's okay , dad , really . I understand . another sigh on the other end . ( phone ) can I ask 8 ing ? pram ( ) would you like to co cas may kaek home ? ' CHRIS richard ( phone ) it 's okay , son . you do not have to be afraid to ask . the door 's always open for you here . any time you want to -- CHRIS you will not loan I the money , but I can move back home ? richard ( phone ) if that 's what you want -- CHRIS I gotta go , dad . he hang u ine phone , fa fall back on the bed . he take out he go ahead . notebook , hrough it , find what he 's look for and dial another '' number . gary ( phone ) ( music in the b.g . ) hello ? Michael peretzian 65 . CHRIS you know that thing you mention the other night ? gary ( phone ) ( beat ) yes ? CHRIS ( phone ) well , I be think about it . gary ( phone ) ( beat ) and ? CHRIS and I be think I wanna do it . gary ( phone ) good . we hear the SOUND of a helicopter over as we then ... dissolve to : ext . MAIN STREET noel - early morning ( present ) as a black helicopter bank around and over the main street , the Christmas decoration sway in the wash from the blade . the sheriff and phil cosfello ( from the open ) stand beside they cruiser holdin to they stetson to keep they from blow away as the hélic be land in the middle of the street , directly in front of E ) bank . two men and a woman , in s' and blue windbreaker with " FBI " emblazon in gold letter ' on back , duck out , get clear of the blade and shake hand wi sheriff as we then ... fade out . > marty ( v.o. ) the vault 's a antique hogue & langehammer ... int . west bottom - day equipment now scattered about the room -- include cut torch , electronics gear , various hand tool . Gary , Chris and the rest of the crew look at photograph of the Noel town Bank spread out on the pool table . marty we be look at steel and cement case , which mean at least a two hour drill time . gary ( tap a photo ) and then there 's deputy donut ... Chris look at a photograph of Ted get out of he cruiser . gary he drive by once a night , never at the same time , so there 's no way to plan for he . Michael peretzian 66 . CHRIS but he 's off at two . and I do not know if anybody ever come by after that . gary we go too late , any loud noise ina town that smali 's gonna be a problem CHRIS what do you mean " loud noise ? " gary I be talk about if the cut torch do not work and we end up have to blow the vault . we be gonna need some highway noise to cover for we and that stop around midnight . Chris look at the photograph , the equipment ... CHRIS so all i_have to do be let you in the bank , help you with the alarm -- gary -- and keep a lookout for Ted . CHRIS and for that , I get a million dollar . maybe more . Chris notice the bone = a corner of the room . what about suet no gun . we any cau 28 de , it 's burglary , af vey ear we get catch inside with 's another automatic fifteen vyveane " on top of the five . so no gun . marty no way . cork absolutely not . Chris look at the bone who remain still behind the shade . Gary pat Chris on the back . gary this be gonna be the easiest million you be ever gonna make . int . news station - corridor - day as Lewis make he way down the corridor carry a brown apex bag . employee greet . no he as he pass , Lewis greeting ck , know everybody 's name by the sound of they voice . he stop at a door mark research and knock , then enter ... Michael peretzian 67 . int . research room - day floor to ceiling with book , magazine , videotape . cookie , a small black man sit in front of a computer terminal ... lewis hey , Cookie . cookie what 's in the bag ? lewis . Chicken salad sandwich . two oatmeal cookie and a pickle . cookie you still put apple in you chicken salad ? lewis would not be chicken salad without them . Cookie snatch the bag away , turn to the computer . cookie say again the guy you wanna look at ? lewis Gary spargo . s-p-a-r-g-o. Ie how much you know ? everything . ext . CHRIS & lewis ' ap , ox as Chris park out front , sta : he front stair . int . CHRIS & lewis ' apartment - as Chris come in , shut the door , fumble for the light switch . lewis ( 0.8 . ) they call he Gary the Glove . Chris look to the couch as Lewis reach over and turn on a amp . lewis there 's several storey , my favorite e be every time he kill someone , he wear the same pair of glove he old man use to wear back when he be a plumber . CHRIS really ? I hear a different one . but they be all bullshit . he get the name when he play center field as a kid . lewis he 's be bust twice for bank robbery , once for assault . Michael peretzian 68. CHRIS not robbery . lewis what ? CHRIS burglary . there 's a difference . lewis whatever you call it , he 's steal money . CHRIS Gary 's ist try to finance he dream , go legit like the kennedy . lewis " Finance he dream ? " what kinda horseshit be that ? CHRIS . it 's not horseshit . he 's get over three million in cash already . lewis where ? under the mattress ? CHRIS under the pool table . in a secret spot . he shot it to I . Chris look at Lewis , €e ss he probably should not have say that . but Lewis be of : a track ... lew . one of he pal , bozanni , do eight year at mari throw a guy off a roof . CHRIS the guy 's dog would not sp bark . and he throw they both off the roof . Lewis turn to he . CHRIS it 's a bug act , though . the bone 's not so bad . lewis e a what ? CHRIS he 's fake it . he 's not really crazy . lewis you gonna start talk like that guy now ? CHRIS I and Gary get a lot in common . lewis such as what ? you both get prick for '' old man " ? gor p Michael peretzian 69 . CHRIS that 's one thing , yeah . lewis it_ do not bother you this guy have kill people ? yo CHRIS something else we get in common . lewis you be not a criminal . CHRIS manslaughter 's a crime . lewis ' you know what I be talk about . CHRIS only reason I do not do any time be because my father have the money to keep I out . . lewis that eee . 9r Gary the Glove talk ? en. look , I can not blame you . the guy make you forget you problem . : i_mean that yo always have the ability to judg ople , to know who can be trust be a not , to know when you might be i ) le . CHRIS I be not in trouble . you think I be in trouble ? lewis Chris , look -- we hear a cellphone ring . lewis the hell be that ? Chris reach into he pocket . CHRIS my phone . Gary give it to I . ( into the phone ) hello ? yeah . hi ... lewis pretty nice guy , he give you a phone . CHRIS ( walk away ) yeah , I can meet you there . what time ? Lewis stand there as Chris shut he door . Michael peretzian ' 70 . int . the quaff - night Chris sit at the bar write in he notebook ... CHRIS ( v.o. ) . once upon a time , i_woke up . I take a shower with soap . I skip breakfast so that I could ... ext . state road - day as the black town car follow a Wells loomis truck . CHRIS ( v.o. ) ... follow a ' armored car ... ext . the noel town bank - day as Chris and Gary sit in the back of the town car , watch as mrs . lange , the teller and Mr. tuttle unlock the front door ... CHRIS ( v.o. ) I case the Noel town bank ... ext . rental yard - day as Chris and Gary wheel a acetylene tank out to the car . CHRIS ( v.o . ) and then I rent a acetylene tank for the cut torch . ext . wal -mart parking 4 as Chris and cork walk t he lot , check out the car . cork nod to a old stati jon ... CHRIS iq ) cork and I go car eee ext . field - day 23 as Chris watch as the bone cut through a shotgun laid across a stump with a hacksaw ... CHRIS ( v.o. ) and then I help the bone chop a shotgun . Chris watch as bone then pick up the gun , load a shell into the barrel and blow the st to smithereen . he then look at Chris and walk off without a word . int . SMALL town diner - night Chris , Gary and the crew sit in a back booth eat dinner . CHRIS I get one for you guy ... they all look at he . he take a breath . CHRIS skeleton walk into a bar , say I will have a beer and a mop . Michael peretzian 71 . the crew es look with each other , look at Chris then burst out laug ! . all except for the bone who just turn he head so we can not determine whether or not he 's smile . the joke man . cork that 's very funny , Chris . you have a good sense of humor . Chris look around , relaxed for the moment with this guy . CHRIS I get another one -- there 's this rooster name Steve - - no , wait -- that 's wrong ... garis stop a minute . the table wait . he look up at they , ost . . ; gary all right , let 's get serious -- Chris try not to appear embarrassed as Gary launch into he rap . gary the money come Friday . so I just wanna make sure we be all clear on what 's gonna pen . Chris see they all 1 no at he . he put down he fork , take out he noteboo ! 's through it as he talk ... I watch out for cork drill the vault . q marty I drill the vault . s5 CHRIS right . marty I be marty . CHRIS oh -- marty cork 's the one over there , look like howdy doody on steroid . put it down in you little book . gary it 's okay , Chris . start at the beginning . Chris make a note , flip back a page , read ... CHRIS I open the door . I let you guy in . gary good . what about the surveillance ? Michael peretzian 72. CHRIS I turn that off . gary first . CHRIS what ? Gary exchange a look with marty . gary you turn the alarm off first , Chris . fhep you you let we in . you keep a out for deput : porue . yiave you write all that CHRIS yes . gary good . marty maybe he need to have angther little book to remind he to read this one . Chris give marty a look . marty you remember to turn off the video ? camera with th ' 6 you give I . mar ty 's o7 you have to throw t : it first , or it will trip the a : have you a fucker of a shock , yot he wire . CHRIS right . porridge be hot . gary what ? CHRIS you know , goldilocks . he see they be all look at he . CHRIS never mind . marty Jesus , Gary . gary he 's gonna be fine . he pat Chris on the back . Chris take a deep breath . gary we be gonna need another car . Michael peretzian 73. cork we get the wagon . gary there 's five of we , plus the money , plus the equipment . cork I could pick up a truck or something the night of . gary Chris ' car will already be there . we be do in Noel , we will take they both to the coffeeville , sink them in the river . CHRIS you wanna sink my car in the river ? gary ( beat ) I do not think it 's quite hit you that by Monday this time , you be gonna be on the other side of the world with a million buck in you pocket . Chris think about that -- no , it have not sink in at all . Gary consider Chris across the table a moment , then ... yy you do under , Chris , that once we do this thing / be outta here -- of we . you and ? we be fuck : go . chr . ( beat ) 9 I understand . gary I be say you be not & joing back to you old life . CHRIS I know , I just -- Gary lean forward , closer to Chris , he face dark , serious . his coat open and we see the pinkish stain on he shirt from the other night at the club . ‘or some reason , this stop Chris . gary you stick around , who do you think the FBI 's gonna wanna talk to first ? Chris look up as Gary point at Chris ' forehead . gary you . that 's who . marty he could say he sleep through the whole . fuckin thing . Chris look at he . marty smile . 4 Michael peretzian 74 . marty might even be true . cork pat Chris on the hand and give he one of he grin . cork better get you affair in order , Chief . gary and do not forget you car . ext . luvlee' apartment - night as Chris knock on the door and maura open it , surprised to see he stand there . '' CHRIS hey , maura . maura Chris -- she glance behind she , pull the door close to she . maura hi. CHRIS be luvlee here ? uh -- no . shes. out . oh . well , wou ell she I come by ? 2 wnt iq yeah , sure . I will ive you a call . { 2 she watch as he start back dow : int . CHRIS ' apartment - night e stair . as Chris come into the apartment and automatically look at the table ... only , tonight , it 's empty . we hear mahler os . int . lewis ' room - night Lewis sit in bed in he immaculate room read a braille book . Chris move into the doorway , stand there in he underwear watch as Lewis move he finger over a page . lewis you want something ? CHRIS you be up late . lewis could not sleep . CHRIS what be you read ? Michael peretzian 75 . lewis germinal . CHRIS any good ? lewis it 's about the bitter suffer of worker in the french mine in the 1800' . it 's a real potboiler . CHRIS huh . Chris linger . lewis something wrong ? CHRIS I be just think , maybe tomorrow night we could go to the deck for a burger or something . : lewis ( beat ) yeah , sure , kid . that would be great . ext . old farm road 24 - day ! the memorial marker Te f.g. Chris get out of he car , 'a c. jog over and set dot h of fresh flower . he stand there a moment , touch op of it and then jog back to he car . int . hall department sto ! pay as Chris walk up to a clerk jog a Hall 's garment bag . CHRIS I would like to exchange t! ) jplease ... he unzip the bag , pull out the jacket he mother buy for ™m . int . department store - later as Chris stand in front of a mirror check himself out in a leather jacket , white shirt and some black slack . he look like Gary the Glove . he nod to the clerk . CHRIS yeah -- this be good . int . bank - night as Chris come into the bank , pute he coat over he chair . mrs . lange smile at he from the teller window where she help a customer . he smile back , start for the closet to get he mop , see Mr. tuttle watch he from he desk . Mr. tuttle look at he a moment longer , then duck he head , go back to he paperwork . Chris stand there , utterly self - conscious now , wonder , then quickly grab he mop as we ... dissolve to : Michael peretzian 76 . int . bank - night Chris g like a madman . he 's startle by a knock at the front dod . he look over , see Ted smile , dangle a sack of donut . Chris look at he a moment , come over and open the door . ted hey , Chris . donut ? Chris take the donut . Ted see the rolex , nod . Nice watch . Chris look at Ted a moment . want to say something . ted what 's wrong ? CHRIS . you know , Ted , you do not need to check up on the bank all the time . Ted look at he . Chris shrug . CHRIS it 's not like anything 's ever gonna happen here , stupid little like this one . Ted smile at he . you think I co to check up on the bank ? ° Ted shake he head , hike w@ lot . ted I come here to check see , make sure you be okay . Chris look back at Ted now . take that in . then ... CHRIS you do not have to do that . I be fine . ted but I like do it -- CHRIS well , I do not . it 's insulting . ( beat ) what 's wrong with you , Chris ? CHRIS I be just say I do not need you to look gut for I , Ted . I do not need we donut or you company . mar tig boy . okay ? 's many Ted look like he 's be shot . Michael peretzian 77 . CHRIS why do not you look out for yourself you baby instead . Chris turn around and give Ted he back and resume mop - Ted stand there a moment , strand in the doorway , hear the and walk back to he cruiser . as we the car drive away . Chris close he eye , wet floor . . ext . crown CENTER - night then turn close and sit down on the as Chris head for the ice rink . he walk past the hotel , stop to peer into the lobby ... CHRIS ' Pov - the lobby where we see kelly ( the blond concierge ) stand behind the desk talk with a guest . like Chris , she 's several 's 2 " bi ona xo older now , tt still beautiful in a navy blue blazer ; hair up off she shoulder -- now laugh at something the guest say . CHRIS stands there watch she , unable to move for : on . . kelly look up , this way now , CHRIS af d .. quickly move on . he 4 ) gy a bench and watch the skafé on the other side of the rin a moment , then quickly turn cy icomfor ! mor oas Chris ? ‘rom the spot he 's to the ice rink , sit down on versus . he see a policeman stand 2 ching he . Chris look bac ! table now as ..- he turn and see Kelly stand beside the bench , a knockout in the blazer and matc ! slack , she fir 's gold name tag pin to the jacket . kelly I think that be you . t name engrave on a she sit down on the bench with he . he can not speak . kelly how have you be ? CHRIS okay . you ? kelly okay . they sit there a moment , not sure what to say , then ... kelly it 's great to see you . you look I like the jacket . CHRIS good . thanks . it 's new . you look good , too . Michael peretzian 78 . he indicate she uniform . CHRIS so ... you work at the hotel ? kelly ( nod ) two year now . what about you ? be you work ? CHRIS yeah , I work at a bank . kelly really ? you dad 's ? CHRIS no-- ( then ) actually , I be gonna leave soon . I have kinda get this other ... thing go . kelly oh -- CHRIS * yeah , there 's some property I be thinkin of turn into soho . perky 's she nod , consider he a moment , then ... I be glad togee t you have move on . I be worrie le there that you never woul armif ° 7 no , I have definitely on . she nod , keep look at he . look at the cop on the far side of the rink , now speaki igtto a radio ... kelly I miss you . he turn to she . kelly I miss talk to you . CHRIS you do ? she nod , watch the skater a moment . kelly do you have a girlfriend ? CHRIS yeah . kelly oh. CHRIS she 's a performer . Michael peretzian 79 . kelly huh . CHRIS how about you ? no one special . he look at she , see the way she 's look back at he and it ogeur to he and to we that she may actually still care about marry CHRIS you be not mad at I anymore ? kelly I try to think more about what I have get than what I lose , you know ? she rest a hand on she leave leg . he look at it . she lean close to he , kiss he ... wanna see it ? he look at she . CHRIS wanna see what ? she stand up and unbupf£o : right there so that wé@ ~ e end from white a off - artificial 1 contrast be jarring to sa ' she slack , and let 's they fall the rest of the world -- see , along , perfect leg on the right : ed to a stump on to leave . the 5 least ... kelly , oq . be not it beautiful ? oy CHRIS < p Kelly -- kelly tell you what , Chris : sometimes it 's a dog eat dog world ; and sometimes it 's the other way around . Chris stand up , back away from she , right into the cop . he 's about to scream when we -- CUT to : CHRIS ' room - day e as Chris sit up in bed , turn off the alarm . CHRIS Jesus . he sit there a moment , look around the room , think , then get up ... ext . fairway area neighborhood - day a nice house in the nice neighborhood . the name on the mailbox say " steven . " a man -- titty , tired , wash a old corvette in the driveway . Michael peretzian 80 . int . CHRIS ' car - same Chris sit there , watch from down the street . Mr. Stevens . just want you to know ... CUT to : the farm road - night ( flashback ) as the red mustang fly by ... CUT to : CHRIS ( now ) as Chris stare off at the house ... CHRIS ... that I be sorry for what happen ... CUT to : inside the red mustang - night no SOUND . Chris and Kelly in the front seat . Danny and he girlfriend , nina , in the back , we see they all yelling and whooping it up , but hear nothing . CUT to : CHRIS ( now ) watch Danny 's father wash the car . CHRIS I know that nothing I say will ever bring Danny bi to you ... as a woman stick she ke tt the door , clutching a SMALL child , say something to the gi back in ... chr : ...or Mrs. Stevens . o. CUT to : the mustang no SOUND as Danny cover Chris ' esp Chris pull he head away , laugh . Kelly turn back say something to Danny in the back , who then lean forward and is off light . CUT to : CHRIS ( now ) close he eye ... CHRIS I be sorry -- CUT to : the mustang as Kelly , scared , about to reach over to turn the light back on when CHRIS kiss her . Danny kiss Nina in the backseat . CuT to : CHRIS ( now ) both of he hand in tight fist ... CHRIS I be so sorry -- CUT to : the mustang Michael peretzian 81 . as Kelly pull away from Chris , reach for the light , turn they back on just time for we to see a huge thresher stop in the middle of the road in front of they -- a farmer SI no atop it , waving frantically . they all scream a silent scream as Chris stand on the brake and we then ... CUT to : CHRIS ( now ) ' his eye clamp shut , tear run down he face . CUT to : the farm road as the brake lock on the mustang , the car skid hard and forever , the rear tire smoking , cat fire , lode as , in normal speed , full SOUND , we hear Si no inside the car as the mustang hit the combine and we ... CUT to : CHRIS ( now ) as he sit up , open he eye ... CUT to : the crash scene people run in all direction . firemen . State trooper . y lie on a gurney , she scream drown out as a medivac helicopter land . a body in the road cover with a sheet . flashlight play about the field ... look for something ... voice ' , ( call ) Chris ? CUT to : CHRIS watch as the man looké / /t! jay now , squint , se the hose and start to walk over . be quickly pull out and drive the hell away . '' .. ext . luvlee & maura' apar ' - as maura open the door , react ' be stand there . maura shit . it 's so not fair she make I do this . CHRIS do what ? maura she 's with Gary and the boy . CHRIS at he club ? his club ? she look at Chris , want to say more , but finally just shake she head . CHRIS what ? maura you be sweet , you know that ? Michael peretzian ' 82 . and then she shut the door in he face . he stand there a moment as we hear a phone ringing ext . park - night across the street from he apartment . Chris pace back and forth in front of a bench , Gary 's phone to he ear . ( tired ) hello ? CHRIS Gary . it 's I . gary uh-huh . what 's up , Chris ? CHRIS I notice something . what 's that ? CHRIS you wear the same clothes . gary what ? ss every day . e it down . ( beat ) so ? ° CHRIS q. so you be not what ss you be . gary ( beat ) what be you mad at , Chris ? CHRIS I be not mad . gary what be you then ? CHRIS I be out be what I be . I be not gonna do it . I be refer to -- gary I know what you be refer to , Chris . en . have you be talk to somebody ? CHRIS I do not talk to anybody . and I can not talk to you anymore , either . silence on the other end . Michael peretzian CHRIS I say -- gary I hear you Chris -- you do not wanna do it . kay , fine . no problem . CHRIS okay , then . ( beat ) good-bye . 83 . Chris hang up the phone . then toss it into the dent metal no trash can next to throw that in there as well . int . restaurant - night Chris and Lewis in a booth . Chris look at a menu . CHRIS do you want I to read you the whole menu , or do you know what you want ? lewis they still get the teriyaki Burger ? one with the pineapple ? CHRIS uh ... yeah , they do . I I will have tk@t . a attractive waitress aj it the table . wal 's > , be you Chris ? CHRIS oy yeah ? waitress there 's a phone call for you . Lewis turn to he . CHRIS I will be right back . lewis take you time . the phone at the front counter dangle . Chris walk over and pick it up . CHRIS hello ? ( no answer ) hello ? the line goe dead . he look around the restaurant . the parking lot . no one . he hang up the phone . ch . then he take off the watch , and out at Michael peretzian 84 . at the table as Chris sit back down . pensive now . look around . lewis who be it ? CHRIS no one . Lewis turn to he as the waitress walk back over . waitress what can I get for you guy ? lewis for starter , I will take the name of you perfume . waitress ( smile ) obsession . lewis well , consider I obsessed . Chris cut a embarrassed look at the waitress . CHRIS he will have the teriyaki Burger . . lr medium well tery on the side . ' ss I will have the 's + 4 and a coke . Lewis feel around for , then fhe waitress ' hand . lewis what 's you favorite mar . waitress I would have to go with peanut butter . lewis then that 's what I will go with . waitress you be very trust . lewis what do I always say , Chris ? " trust everyone , but ... " CHRIS " , .. always cut the card . " lewi damn straight . she smile at the two of they . Chris look out at the lot as a car turn its light on , pull 01 waitress you guy be gonna be trouble , I can tell . Michael peretzian 85 . lewis wegiad te algnetodett * corte steee this get Chris look at Lewis . waitress I will get you drink . Lewis smile as she move off . lewis she sound cute . CHRIS why would you have to say that ? lewis say what ? CHRIS that thing about we be gimp . lewis ( laugh ) what , you do not think she notice ? CHRIS you , maybe . ss ( beat ) what 's the matty nothing . just .. & not like you . lewis q " like I " ? lhs CHRIS I be not a gimp . lewis should I be embarrassed ? CHRIS I be the one 's embarrassed . lewis why ? because I be a gimp ? CHRIS t it 's the wa alk to le , it 's fuck cbnixtous . people : lewis how do I talk to people ? CHRIS all that stupid say -- dog eat a world , always cut the card ... or like that waitress just now . the way yeu hit on she , like you stand a fuck hance ... Michael peretzian 86. lewis ( chuckle , hurt ) hey , Chris , I be turn down more time than bed at the holiday Inn . it still do not keep I from try . CHRIS . but have it ever work ? talk to woman like that ? I mean do you think that waitress walk into the kitchen just now and say hey , there 's a blind my out there dress like Larry flynt really wanna fuck ? lewis - what , you think I offended she ? CHRIS no , I think she 's relieved she do not have to feel sorry for you . lewis ( beat ) Jesus , kid -- you come down with both foot , do not you ? Chris do not answer he . lewis " you be , when all be say and do -- just what you fre . " the fuck be lew . goethe say that . 2s another one : " be what you be . e first step towards become be 's nm you be . CHRIS thanks , I will keep that ind . . Lewis lean in close now ... lewis look , kid , you_may think that that other guy you leave behind be ... all that , but you be a spoiled little prick and you know it . CHRIS what ? lewis you hear I . you be just another trust fund tragedy wait to happen . Truth be , you can probably take care a yourself better now than fore you accident . chr : be that 's the stupidest fuck thing I have ever hear . Michael peretzian 87. lewis come on , think about it . you be on such a track , be chria Pratt , that at least now you can make you own choice . CHRIS so pee you sayi that I have get , wl be no more reuxity 's now that I have 18st eve : ig ? lewis no , I be say you get more freedom now that not one expect anything from you . and now they be both hurt . show ur with they drink , happen . they sit there freeze as the waitress cheerful , unaware of what 's just waitress . here we go , gentleman . enjoy . but Lewis and Chris do not say a word . Chris look at she , then look away . she smile . waitress you guy be kid , right ? 's just gimme & ck int . CHRIS ' car - NI as Chris pull up in fron 's che apartment . Lewis start to get out . CHRIS > I be gonna go out for se. lewis ( beat ) yeah , sure , kid . he watch as Lewis unfold have fun . he cane , start up the stair to the apartment . he then drive off . Lewis stand there a moment , then continue up the step . int . the quaff - night as Chris come in and sit down at the bar , the bartender be already set he sharpes down in front of CHRIS ( beat ) sb . m , smile ... Chris take a sip and casually glance about the bar . it 's quiet tonight . people here and there , bu couple play 1 in the back . few other E that 's it . ext . luvlee' apartment - night as luvlee come out of the apartment building , we then ... Michael peretzian pull back to reveal - CHRIS sitting in he car watch . he start to get out , pause when the ck town car cruise up to the building . marty lean out the driver window and kiss luvlee . Chris , both hurt and confuse now , watch as luvlee get in the car with marty and they drive off . ext . CHRIS apartment dawn as Chris climb the stair to the red light . int . CHRIS & lewis ' apartment same Dark . we hear footstep outside the door and then see shadow as Chris stand there and knock on the door . CHRIS Lewis ? I can not find my key . come on , Lewis , open the door . I be sorry about what I say last night . I be a asshole -- I still be a asshole . ( then ) Lewis ? silence inside the apartment . Chris knock again , wait . he finally try the door anyway and it open , spilling Chris and room . the light from the porch into the S Lewis ? he step into the blac the live room . chr . ceiling light come on and chri . yy jump out of he skin . weet q. he walk back to the open for : £ flip a switch . the the apartment be empty . totally empty . everything be go ... furniture , televison stereo , magazine : 8 , ick -knack , all of fe remove . CHRIS Lewis ! he open Lewis 's door and turn on the light . there 's nothing in here either . no bed , no braille book , no desk , no color - code sweatsuit hang in the closet . nothing . ( kine panic ! ti lewis 3 he go into he own room and find still more nothing ... no poster on the wall . all of he notebook be go . his clothing -- go . same thing go for the bed and chest of drawer . Michael peretzian 89 . he peer into the kitchen . it 's be strij as well . Chris stand there , he panic grow . he move to the wall phone and dial , then ... woman' voice ( phone ) welcome to voicenet nationwide page . please enter a voice or numeric message at the tone . CHRIS ( after the tone ) Lewis , where be you ? what have you do ? 's I be sorry . call I . he hang up the phone . wait . he pick up the phone , be about to dial again ... when we hear it : beep beep beep ... come from . he drop the phone , look towa : e ' ving room as we next hear ... soothing female voice Voice net. message one . and then CHRIS ' own voice echoing in the empty room ... CHRIS ' voice Lewis , where be you ?! Chris stiffen , look up ... ish voice what have I be sorry . call I . ... where we see lewis ' p , duct - tape to the middle of the ceiling . q CHRIS oy oh , God ... > he nearly jump out of he skin a then hear a phone ring . Chris look to the window sill , see the cellphone that ga : give he , the one he would throw into the trash in the park . t ing again and Chris slowly move to it , pick it up ... CHRIS hello ? gary ( phone ) you gonna be all right ? CHRIS where 's Lewis ? gary ( phone ) take some deep breath , Chris . you do what I tell you , everything 's gonna be okay ... CHRIS where the fuck be lewis ?! gary ( phone ) c'mon , I need you to listen to I . Michael peretzian 90 . CHRIS I be call the fuck police -- gary ( phone ) do that , Chris , and cut the little guy up with a old see . Chris do not move . gary ( phone ) you still there ? CHRIS yes . gary ( phone ) okay . pay attention here , Chris . ( then ) I now have you entire life . you understand ? I have everything . now I be gonna hang on to this everything pili you and I conclude we business . ay CHRIS what do you do to Lewis ? gary ( phone ) i_told you , I have everything . that 's all ou need to know . rything t then ) now I want hang up the phone come downstx 8 get n the’ biack car . okay ? ts\ right now . ( then I do not see you dog . Chris shiver . he slowly tu : look out the window ... at the black town car park acr street , smoke come from the tailpipe . Chris take a st from the window . gary ( phone ) c'mon , act smart , do as I gay and I will give you you life back . Act stupid and I will burn all of it . and , Chris , I mean all of it . you understand ? the line disconnect . Chris hang up , stand there , unable to move . he look once more about the emptied apartment , gasping as he see a bloody handprint on the wall near the door . CHRIS no , no ... Chris back away , stare at the handprint . he jump as the pager start beeping N . he look out the window at the town car , the back door now open , marty and cork crossing to Chris 's building as we now hear CHRIS ' voice again CHRIS ( pager ) Lewis ! where be you ? what have you do ? I be sorry ... Michael peretzian 91 . Chris finally cover he ear , curl up on the floor as we fade out . fade in : ext . { he noel town bank - night a armore car park out front . pull back to reveal that we be watch from .. inside a old station wagon cork at the wheel . Chris in the back seat with Gary . it 's 5 ° cold , we see everyone 's preath in here . gary you have you notebook ? phone ? CHRIS there be blood on the wall . Gary turn to Chris . CHRIS Inside my apartment . gary ( beat ) he 's a fighter , you friend , Lewis . be he dead ? that 's up to . Chris look at he , notice 's t! ry wear the gold rolex . - Gary nod to the bank . lss you get work to to 40 . < p all the smile go from he voice . ext . noel town bank - night as Chris walk up to the entrance , eye the armored truck , then start to go inside ... can you hold vorse for I , partner ... Chris pause , phold the goor open as a guard exit the ' truck with S is of cash guard thank you . Chris stare at the bag , then look down the street at the town car , take a deep breath and step inside ... int . bank - same as Chris nervous ) enter the bank , put he letter jacket over I chair . S , the old telier , and Mr. tuttle pull on they coat , mre to esay to go home . Michael peretzian 92 . mr . tuttle do not think I do not notice . Chris look up at Mr. tuttle now stand in front of he . mr . tuttle I have be watch you . the new clothes , the way ‘ye be act . I be not a fool , be . he hand a now apprehensive Chris a card . mr . tuttle I find this in my drawer . insert - card from the open scene : I must not use stair or elevator . it be not safe for I . mr . tuttle . . I would say you have come a long way since then . L he look up at the bank manager who smile , clap he on the shoulder . mr . tuttle . after the holiday , we will see about get you some regular time behind he window . Chris look at he . : le nod at the older teller . after all , Mrs. ge be not gonna be around forever . he smile at he and move aw es mr . tuttle < p good night , Chris . Chris stare stupidly at the card . CHRIS good-night . mrs. lange ( 0.s. ) that 's the third time that fella 's be by here ... e Chris look up from the card to the window as we see the station wagon drive by . mrs . lange must be lose . Chris watch the car disappear around the corner as we ... dissolve to : ext . bank - back door - night Chris stand in the doorway watch as Gary , in long sleeve , white glove on he hand , a stock to cover he hair , the back of the station wagon . marty pull up in Chris ' car . Michael peretzian 93 . Chris watch then as the three of they ( all dress like Gary now ) unload a assortment of metal - cut e t include a acetelyne torch ( with a tank ) , a welder' 1d and so on . Gary walk to the door . Chris flinch as Gary put a hand on he shoulder . . gary go on . get you mop . int . noel town bank - night as Chris mop the floor he watch marty walk to a phone board at the back of the bank , open it wy lug in a headphone to the jack and attach a electronic devine bo the board . dissolve to : as marty make some measurement on the sidewall of the vault with a tape measure , then carefully tape a template in place . next , he take a can of spray pain ! a spray the template . he then remove it , pick y e drill and start to drill in the indicate spot as we then ... dissolve to : ext . MAIN STREET - night where cork sit in the wagon , watch the stieet . it 's quiet . all we hear be the sway christmas decoration . dissolve to : int . bank - night as Chris look over , see tt marty have cut three side of a square through the steel door bby and Gary squat down on the floor sehind he , wavch ( op ) y . ry bau dissolve to : oy ») ext . MAIN STREET - night as cork see headlight in the distance , come this way . he take out a walkie ... cork here come deputy donut . int . bank - same as Gary tap marty on the back and marty shut off the torch . he and Bobby start to drag the equipment behind the counter , out of sight . Gary stand up , walk over to Chris ... gary think about Lewis . Gary nod outside and now Chris see ted tillman' cruiser come up the street . gary bone 's over there , behind the desk . Chris look , see Bobby crouch behind Mr. tuttle 's desk , he gun now point this way . Michael peretzian 94 . 8 sane he ' ak ay something wrong , 's gonna one in the back of you head . okay ? Chris nod . Gary calmly walk back over , sit down next to marty behind the counter . marty five , six more minute top . ext . noel town bank - same as Ted tillman pull up in front of the bank and get out . he re-hike he belt , start for the door , catch toe of one shoe on a uneven piece of sidewalk and pitch forward . Chris come to the door and unlock the door as Ted glance back to look stupidly at the cement he just trip over . CHRIS hi , Ted . ted ( preoccupy ) h , hey , Chris . Ted rub he hand , blow on they . CHRIS cold tonight , be not it ? it 's just you nerve ? ° 2 all it could happen any 's c5 CHRIS < p ( beat ) what could happen ? ted the Little engine . Ted look at he . ted the baby . oh ah. the bal eah -- the baby ... ' yehen ) so no donut tonight , huh . ( beat ) . you say you do not want any . Chris nod . they stand there a awkward moment . behind the counter Gary exchange a look with marty . Bobby watch Chris through he 's gunsight '' '' Michael peretzian 9s . ted start tomorrow , phil costello 's gonna take my shift for a while . CHRIS oh -- ted he probably will not stop and chat the way I do . CHRIS Ted , listen I ... Ted look at he . Chris feel the other in the bank behind he listen and hesitates . ted well , I better get go -- CHRIS yeah , okay -- good-night , Ted . Chris watch as Ted stumble again on the walk , look back at the cement , then walk around and get into he cruiser . we see Gary 's reflection now in the glass as he stand up as Ted pull off into the night . gary marty . in motion . Chris turn away from thed / with : , watch as marty pull the welding hood back down ov be eye , and return to cut through the safe . o ext . MAIN STREET - night cork sit in the car , wat chine up street , squeezing he grip exerciser . dissolve to : int . the noel town bank - night as marty finish cut through the vault , raise the welding mask and grin ... marty okee -dokee artichokey ... Chris come over , and watch as marty sit back on he ase , kick the two - foot metal square into the vault . gary move . Gary then crouch down , aim he flashlight into the vault . bone and marty crowd in on either side of he ... flashlight Pov - stack of bricked - cash - a lot Gary pull he head out , look at the other . the three of they can barely contain themselves . Gary nod to marty ... Michael peretzian 96 . gary go get it . marty start to crawl through the hole . he get hang up at the shoulder . he try another angle . marty son-of-a-bitch ... gary what 's wrong ? he look up at Gary . I can not fit . gary what ? marty the fuckin hole . it 's too small . gary what -- Chris watch as Gary shove marty aside , try to crawl through , but he 's bigger than marty . yy how could thi ippen ? well -- Ze : gar 's : how many time I the uu : measure twice , cut once . marty S I know , I do that , bu gary then how could you spend two fuck hour cut a hole you can not fit through ? I do not fuckin believe this ... Gary stare at marty a moment , look at bone . gary bone ? bone you know I can not . gary come on ... bone no way . gary it 's not like it 's a trunk or a closet or something ... Michael peretzian 97 . bone a tight space be a tight space . gary you would think for five million , you would get over it . Chris look anxiously at the street ... bone fuck the money . I be not goin ' in there . gary bone -- bone I will die . gary what ? bone ( raise he ) you can not fuckin make I go in there ! gary bone , put the gun down ! bone I be not go in there ! yy okay ! vg bo ! send the fuckin whe in there ! the bone grab Chris , shove the floor in front of Gary . bone I bet he will fit ! Gary look down at a now terrify Chris ... gary why do not you give it a try , Chris . Chris look at the bone , the guy shaking , drench in sweat . he step forward , put he gun to Chris 's face . CHRIS yeah , okay . he get up , squeeze through the hole into the vault . gary go genney . Fe marey ? Gary cut a look at bone , then peer into the vault ... int . vault - same as Chris get to he foot , stare at all of the money . Gary hang a small light near the open . Michael peretzian 98. Chris reach for the first brick of cash , pause as he see himself reflect in the mirror at the back . he stare at this alien young man stare back at he , hold a armful of cash . gary ( 0.s. ) need more light ? CHRIS no problem . he quickly pass the money through the open . ext . bank - same as Gary step out into the parking lot , stand beside CHRIS ' car as he make a call . gary it 's I . yeah , we get it . the full five it look like . I want you to wait ap hour , then do the blind guy . en Three to the head the way bone show you . then put he in the incinerator , wait for I to come get you . ( then ) I love you , too . we hear loud rock & roll over ... ext . " kc bolt & screw " west bottom morning Gary 's " safehouse . " ing the music over ... int . build same 2 pero fad das ip hgs " ad ratt acd SE ny a a far corner . music come fr ( re down the hall ... CUT to : another room once a workroom , now set up as a kitchenette . a hot plate , milk carton , cereal box , soup can , etc . be all over the lace . the music be a little uder in this room , but come ' rom somewhere else . luvlee , spiky hair , a extra large pep - boy t-shirt and pink panty -- put a cellphone down on the counter , then move about the room bop to the music while fix a tray of food ( bologna sandwich , cookie , milk ) . as she get on she toe and reach for something on a high shelf , she t-shirt hike up and we see_a SMALL pistol tuck _ into the back of she panty , the muzzle evidently nestle nice and warm between she cheek . on she foot , she wear a pair of work boot ; protection against all the bolt & screw . yessiree . we kind of giz . she pick BP . the tray and start out of the room . we follow she through the maze of debris-strewn hallway . twice she have to stop , retrace she step ... luvlee oh , fuck I ... she pass a room set up as a kind of bedroom . down this hall , then that one . into another room where bright sunlight stream in through the window . Michael peretzian 99 . luvlee bop over to the counter , take a key ring from out of a coffee , drop it on the tray and start back out ... she walk down the hall to the next room , start to unlock the door as we then ... CUT to : inside the room the music be deafening in here . mattress cover the window . a bare bulb illuminate lew : no 's hand cover he ear . as in the rest of the place a. { around he , the floor be litter with bolt and screw . a " clear " has_been sweep away for he to sit in the center of the floor while a " path " in the shrapnel lead to a toilet . behind he we see the door slowly swing open on its own . a moment later , we see luvlee' bare leg teasingly extend into the soorway - the rest of she , as in some bad strip routine , slowly follow . Lewis , for he part , remain totally unaware ; he sense too preoccupy with the musical assault come from the stereo speaker mount high up on the wall , out of he reach . now luvlee 's dance with the tray , move closer to Lewis . she set it down right in front of he face . he smell the food , reach out and touch the tray . alert now , he straighten up .. , I ( shout have e music ) hello ?! luvlee stand nearby , wat : as he reach out and touch the food on the tray . she ff she shirt , throw it to the floor nearby . le feel t ze it make as it settles . lewis ( shout ) ap someone there ?! topless now , she dance around he , move she body close to he face . he turn he head this way and that as he get a whiff of she , sense she move past he ... lewis ( shout ) luvlee ?! that you ?! she pull a purple scarf from one_of she boot now and begin twirling it about , and then finally blindfold Lewis with it . lewis ha. ha. she kiss he on the top of the head , pick up she shirt , dance she way back out of the room . the music stop . she reappear a moment later , pull she shirt back on . lewis ( rub he ear ) thank Christ . Michael peretzian he unty 100 . luvlee time for lunch , daddio . lewis there a reason gotta play that garbage so loud ? you be givin I a ‘uckin migraine . . luvlee first , Steve Earl be not garbage . he 's God . I use to do all my routine to he stuff . second , marty say you hear too good , so we can not be too careful . lewis and why can not I wear shoe , it 's so damn cold in here , I think a few a my toe be frostbit . luvlee . we do not want you walk around . lewis you gotta be kid . the scarf . she laugh . luvlee . blindfold the blind man . I yeah , I get <t . ul my act , I do t q a customer , I get on he 2ap . he see hrough the scarf , I look all p of he . they say it 's a real tu $ ou wh I tell Chris be a ipper , he get all offended . luvlee that 's sweet . how do you know ? lewis not every day you hear of a person with the give name , luvlee lemon . luvlee my real one 's gina klem . Lewis turn to she . luvlee I know , it suck . lewis . you tell I you real name . you should not have 's do that . she think about what he mean by that . luvlee oh. yeah . I guess not . Michael peretzian 101 . lewis unless it do not matter . luvlee you better eat . ext . the noel town hardware store - same ' as deputy Ted tillman check the front door , shine he light into he dark store . start back to he cruiser , look down the street and sigh ... : int . bank - same as Chris work as fast as he can to pase , the cash -brick to Gary and marty who stuff they into Di bag . CHRIS just a few more ... int . diner - night a thoughtful Ted stand at the register as the waitress ring he up . he look past camera , down the counter . waitress you be not yourself tonight , ted. ( smile everything okay ? he look at she , look down the counter ... hey , Grace ? and now we pull back down counter to reveal a glass case full of donut . ° ted . gimme two of that , tp ' ght int . cruiser - outside the diner - as Ted get in , toss the bag on the seat next to he and start je car . int . the noel town bank - the vault - same as Chris , sweat now , grab the last of the cash - brick , hand it through . Gary speak into a walkie ... gary cork , bring the car around back . CHRIS that 's it . gary okay , come on out of there . Chris peer through the open . he see Gary , he back to the vault as he talk to marty . a pistol stick out of he waistband . . gary help bone get the stuff into the car . Michael peretzian 102 . Gary turn and see Chris look at he through the hole in the vault . CHRIS 4 I just . remember something . ( then ) you say no gun . gary get out of the vault , Chris . ext . MAIN STREET - same as cork make a u-turn and drive around to the back of the bank . a moment ! later , ted tillman be cruiser appear at the end of the street . int . ted tillman' cruiser - same as Ted tillman pull up in front of the bank , take the bag of donut off the seat . int . the bank - same Gary move towards the vault now , he back to the window so that it 's only Chris who see Ted get out of the cruiser ... gary it 's almost over . Chris look at Gary , no ure what to do now that Ted be walk towards the entrance .. ext . bank - same a > as Ted see Gary inside t be and slow ... int . bank - same q as a confuse Ted stand outsid e 3 joor . and now marty walk into the bank ... marty okay , it 's all in the -- ... and see Ted . marty fuck -- and now Gary turn around and see Ted as marty now reach for he gun as ... no ! don 't ! Ted drop the bag , quickly draw he own and surprise everybody , includ no we by . fire two faat shot through the window , tting marty once in the chest , knock he back against the wall as ... Chris now cover he ear inside the vault . ext . back of the bank as cork hear the gunshot , get out of the station wagon , leave the door open . Michael peretzian 103 . int . bank - same as Gary draw he gun and fire at ... Ted , the little guy hold he ground , fire right back at ... Gary who take a round in the arm , then another in the side , spin Gary , who now drop he gan as Ted keep fire , move forward , Gary now diving behind the counter as ... Chris cover up inside the vault as bullet fly everywhere . we hear cork Si , then choke , still more shot ... Chris look vp .38 marty drop to he knee right in front of the hole in the vault , Chris shouting as marty 's head snap back against the vault , block the open . for a moment , all be quiet . then ... Ted step further into the bank . we see marty dead against the wall ; cork , drape over the teller 's window . Ted move behind the counter , put he gun on Gary who . clutches he bloody hand to he chest . ted move away from the wall ! put you hand on you head ! ( then 's do not think ! just do it ! Gary oblige , blood now mripping down he arm to he face . Ted look over as marty 's yeil over and Chris start to squeeze out of the vault . Ze = ° Ted quickly put he gun on no ) . do not you fuck move Ted -- CHRIS it 's I -- ted shut up ! put you hand on you head ! CHRIS Ted ! ted put you hand on you head ! CHRIS there 's another -- we hear a loud boom as Ted be blow off he foot , in the next moment Bobby bone be step into the bank rack a shotgun . Gary lift he shirt look dumb at the hole in he side , reach round to feel the exit hole in he back ... gary fucker shot I through and through . he then get up and look at the deputy . Michael peretzian 104 . gary who would have think ? we hear a moan as Ted lift he head , start crawl ... ted help I -- gary help he , bone . bone calmly walk over to Ted who look up at he , pl . Gary tear a piece off marty 's shirt , wrap he arm with it and look around the bank . we hear the gunshot as Gary then crouch down , peer into the vault . gary hey -- he look back at bone . gary where 's Chris ? ext . behind the bank - same Chris ' car park in a sno vacant lot . Chris move to open the door . t's lock . keys be in the ignition . CHRIS shit ! he start to sit down come out the back door , follow a moment later by the Chris see the station wa : driver door n , engine runnin and make a break for it . @ open , eng a Chris get in , slam the door ks it est as Gary get to the car . he pound on the glas xing blood all over the window as Chris pull away ... the bone rack the shotgun ... Chris back up ... nearly run the bone over , force he to fire a errant round into the night air instead of the car as Chris drive off . they both stare after the car ... gary bone -- bone smashes the driver window of Chris ' car with the shotgun . int . station wagon - night as Chris tear down main street . we see Chris ' Honda come skid around from behind the bank and move up on he . Chris see they in the mirror . CHRIS oh , God ... ext . the road around noel - night a few small house . Chris keep turn at every street he come to , honking he horn the whole way . his Honda not far behind . Chris turn onto a farm road and punch it . Michael peretzian 105 . int . station wagon - same as Chris watch the Honda in he mirror . he look out at the farmland on either side of he ... then turn out the light ..- int . honda - same the bone at the wheel . as the light go out in the station wagon and we lose sight of Chris . gary do not lose he . ext . cornfield - same as Chris drive blindly through the field , we ... CUT to : old farm road 24 - high angle ( flashback ) Silent . the chaotic accident scene . a_ bod ) cover with a sheet . Kelly scream on a gurney . flashlight beam play about the field in search of be . a medivac land as we ..- CUT to : the honda - same as Gary and Bobby look around , look back ... gary j stop the car ! ext . farm road - same as the Honda skid to door fly open and Gary and the bone get out . the gar 's shut it off . q. Gary take a hit off he inha he bone get in , reach for the key and we ... ext . the cornfield - same as Chris bounce over a berm , jump on he brake and skid to a stop . sit there , hyperventilate ... ext . farm road - same as bone and Gary stand in the middle of the road , listen . bone climb onto the hood , look out across the dark field . int . station wagon - same Chris sit there , breathe hard when , suddenly , we hear a cellphone ring . Chris jump , reach into he coat pocket , put the phone to he ear , but do not say anything ... gary Chris ? ext . the farm road - same Gary lean against the car , he arm hold tight to he chest , blood all over he . he take out he inhaler ... gary I can hear you breathe , sunshine . ' Michael peretzian ' 106 . int . station wagon - same Chris do not move . gary you talk to Ted , do not you ? two of you have it all work out ... CHRIS what be you talk about ? have what all work out ? gary I guess you be smarter than even I think you be . ext . farm road - gary & bone - same Gary take a hit from the inhaler . gary you think about what ju wanna do now , Chris . you wanna kill Lewis ? int . station wagon - same as Chris just stare out at the black field .... gary you_wanna kill you friend ? you wanna kill another end ? ext . farm road - gary B - same we see automobile light ey far off in the town in Noel . boney °©& Gary . gary you just keep on goin ' eyever it be you be goin ' . or anothelway , you wanna maybe save the both of you , you take a minute , get yourself together , call I back , tell I where and when you wanna make a trade . int . station wagon - same as Chris react to that last part ... CHRIS a trade ? for what ? for I ? but there 's no answer . Gary 's already hang up . Chris sit there a moment , try to think . he get out of the car ... ext . cornfield - same as Chris walk around to the back and stare at it a moment , then open it up . inside the back four black duffel bag . Chris unzip one so that we see the money . all of it . Michael peretzian 107 . CHRIS stare at the mon feel he leg fold beneath he as he arope to he knee 's fail over in 's the dirt 's as we ... int . kc bolt & screw - " lewis ' room " - night Lewis sit shiver on the floor eat soup while luvlee take she gun out and point it at he as he eat . luvlee so be you bear blind or what ? he do not answer . she close one eye , aim the gun at he . luvlee what happen ? b.b. gun or sharp stick or something ? he turn to she . luvlee oh -- touchy subject . sorry . she giggle . he put the soup bowl down . lewis . hey , luvlee ? _ how ' bout you cut the cute act , tell I how much longer I gotta sit on the floor listen to you bullshit not much lon : and now she raise the pi at she . sense something . one then -- lewis it be not a elam s95 luvlee what be you talk about ? lewis it be a brain tumor , which in some way be worse , because it do not happen all at once . it happen gradually . to he face . he slowly look up she look at he down the barrel of the gun . luvlee how old be you ? lewis I be four when it start . luvlee so you remember when you could see ? lewis some . Michael peretzian 108. lewis ( then ) : I can remember how every night at bedtime my mother would get just a little more out of focus . she would bend down to kiss I good - night and I would see a little less of she than I do the night before . until , finally , one night , I could not see she at all . he sit there quietly a moment , luvlee wipe she eye , but keep the gun on he . lewis , the first few day I could not breathe . I feel like I be drown . she would come in kiss I goodnight , I could feel she tear on my cheek . she -- luvlee shut up ! he turn he face to she , the gun point right at he , but now , luvlee 's hand be shaking ... * 3 ms ' ext . dead corn field - station wagon - night as Chris sit in the car in the middle of the field , shaking from the cold , try to figure out just what the hell to do now . he take out he notebook , flip through the page ... insert - noteook as Chris put he fing oe cork " and now we ... CUT to : the bank 2 cork drape over the teller 's &} she . . CUT back to : the notebook oo ) as Chris draw a line through cor ! name , next put he finger on " marty crowe " and now we see ... the bank Chris ' view from inside the vault : as marty 's shot in the head , fall against the open ... CUT back to : the notebook as Chris now draw a line through marty 's name , then point to the remain two name ... " the Glove * and we see ... the parking lot as Gary run after Chris . and then we ... CUT back to : the notebook as Chris circle Gary 's name , put a question mark beside it . and below that : " bobby bone . " he circle that one , too . CHRIS stare at the two remain name . he turn the page , look at what he 's write there a moment . and then he look up ... Michael peretzian 109 . int . the town car - dawn as Gary wrap he belt around he , secur : now - blood -soak iece of cloth to he side , then cover it all up with he own jlood-staine shirt . the phone ring . Gary grab it . gary Chris ? ext . field - same Chris stand at the back of the station wagon , stare at the duffel bag . CHRIS what if I just keep the money ? intercutting CHRIS & gary : gary what ? CHRIS what if I just keep it , take off . what would you say to that ? gary I would say there would be consequence . be you be go . i411 I anyway . I be not talk : you . chr . how do I know Lewis t already dead ? gary you will have to take zs for it . Chris stare at a shovel , a tarp a bag of lye in the back of the car along with the money . CHRIS I wanna talk to he . gary there 's no time . CHRIS then I be go . and so0' you money . Gary take a breath , try to sit up ... gary Chris , listen to I . the bank 's a fuckin mess . we be not gonna have that weekend head -start now . we all gotta disappear -- include you -- I can help you with that ... CHRIS I get catch , I will take my chance . Michael peretzian 110 . gary except it 's not you life you take a chance with . Chris , you say anyt ! to anyone , I take a match to Lewis . CHRIS you be not gonna kill he . no , why not ? Chris look at he notebook , then ... CHRIS — because I have the power . gary what ? CHRIS I have the money which mean I have the power . ( then ) or do I get it wrong ? gary you get it right , but you be not -- CHRIS I have the power . ly , Chris , listé® t -- be no , you listen ie . I want Lewis to cail I right now of urn up all the money . gary KS how ' bout no fuck way , CHRIS how ' bout I hold the phone up to you cash , you can kiss it goodbye ... gary how ' bout I send you both Lewis ' hand in a fuckin box ?! . CHRIS I have the money . I have the power . gary this be fuckin bullshit , Chris . now yeu , quit try to kill yourself and isten to I right now -- CHRIS ave fh wer . . gary what you have , be the power to kill you friend . CHRIS I be wait for he call . Michael peretzian 111. no , Chris -- ghris hang up . Gary bring he palm down loud and hard on the sh -- God dammit ! bone he want to talk to the blind guy ? gary he can not be that fuck stupid , he think I would ever do what tell I -- bone -- because I be wonder what if luvlee 's already do im ? and that get Gary look at the bone . int . west bottom - night a now - confuse luvlee pace about Gary 's office with the gun in she hand when she phone ring . luvleb 1 Gary , listen , do not be mad at I . int . town car - same a anxious Gary on th o. he 's dead ? ° intercutting gary & luvlee oq . luvlee £ 58 I be sorry -- . gary -- shit. luvlee -- if uu know what he 's be through , there 's no way you would wanna kill he -- gary wait a minute , he 's alive ? luvlee that 's what I be say . I could not -- gary thank God . luvlee what ? gary I want you to call Chris , put Lewis on the phone . then sit tight , wait for I and the bone to come get you . Michael peretzian a ' 112 . now luvlee 's suspicious . this be not exactly the reaction she expect . luvlee what 's go on ? gary dust do it . luvlee can I talk to marty ? Gary close he eye . luvlee Gary ? gary listen , luvlee -- luvlee what ? gary it 's all fuck up . luvlee what , be he hurt ? gary marty goh it . no -- oh , God > e he do ... he make it , right ? he 'g of yy gar 's 2 luvlee -- she crumple , double over . s5 gary luvlee . call Chris . right now . int . CHRIS ' car - day as Chris pace back and forth . he see the sheriff 's green & white , the siren on , move along the highway in the distance . and then the phone ring . CHRIS Lewis ? int . west bottom - same as luvlee , now very upset , hand the phone to Lewis . luvlee talk . lewis Chris ? CHRIS Lewis , I be sorry , i_ mess everything up , it 's all my fault -- Michael ! peretzian 113 . lewis forget it , kid . CHRIS they be gonna kill we both now , right ? Lewis do not answer . CHRIS right ? lewis ( finally ) just go , just run . just get the fuck away from here . ( then ) you be free , kid . you hear what I be sayin ' ? you be free -- she take the phone away from he and shut it off , start to back out of the room . lewis it all go to shit , do not it ? she pause , sniff . lewis I could hear it in he voice . she come back over '' Soft a startle Lewis . marty 's dead > he tentatively hold onto evs face dark as she begin to cry on he shoulder . ° ext . field - night as Chris stare at the money , thf rd ... when he phone ring once more . intercutting gary & CHRIS qkay . , you be hear he . he 's alive . how do we this ? CHRIS I do not know . Gary take a breath , try to remain patient ... gary start by pick a place to meet . CHRIS Chris pace a moment , think . then -- ° gary anywhere , Chris , just pick a place -- Michael peretzian 114 . CHRIS how ' bout the Mayor 's Christmas Tree in Crown Center . gary . that sound fine , but we will need a couple hour to drive back to town , get Lewis . . CHRIS okay . gary so ... Crown Center . two hour . CHRIS uh-huh ... gary write it down . CHRIS I will . gary good . and Chris ? CHRIS yeah ? do not do a no , stupid . Chris react to this , the money , then ... chr . of I will not . ext . richard & dorothy rar hel - night the street be quiet , a thin crus een on the ground as Chris pull into the driveway , and head : to the house . int . pratt kitchen - night as Chris come inside , straightaway open the fridge , gulp down half a carton of orange juice , shove a apple in he mouth , then hurry out of the room . int . CHRIS ' old bedroom - night as Chris head for the closet , take down the long " mustang " duffel bag . he dump out the yearbook , the hockey equipment ; then st 6 to stuff some of 8 old clothes into the bag . he peel off he blood - splatter shirt , pull on he old hockey jersey . he start out of the room , pause for a quick second to look at himself in the mirror : e old Chris . int . library - night as Chris walk past , back up , come into the room . he stare at all of the photograph of he father and he : at the hockey xink , hunt , shoot clays fishing by a lake . he pick up a trapshoot trophy and look at it - a moment ... Michael peretzian 115 . int . kitchen - night the duffel bag rest on the kitchen table foodstuff and a six pack of soda stick out of it now . Chris sit at the table write a note . he finish , look a moment at what he 's write , then grab the big duffel bag and walk out . we hold on the note a moment , see " mom and dad " write on the outside in Chris ' jag scrawl . we hear the door close 0s . ext . house - night as Chris toss the now full duffel into the back seat , get in the car and drive away . ext . field - night Chris ' car park just off the road , headlight on . Chris , in the wash of the headlight , shovel dirt back into a hole that he 's dig in the freshly cultivate earth . he finish , take out he notebook , make a note ... he then walk to where he car be park and throw the shovel in the back , which we can now see be empty . he walk around , get in the car and drive away . we boom down to where we see CHRIS ' notebook lie in the dirt . ext . west bottom - night as the bone and Gary pu : up to the front . int . luvlee' room - as luvlee -- dress for tere -- speak into the phone ... ° luvl ! we will be right down she hang up , grab she pistol e mattress , shove it into the back of she jeans and sti out of the room ... int . car - same as the bone end the call , turn to Gary , see that he 's nodd off , see that he 's soak in blood . bone maybe you should go upstairs , lay down before you pump out . gary e I be fine . bone I be say it 's no problem , you want , I meet the kid alone , come back here after , pick up you and you sister . at that , cary . wake up some , turn and look at the insect - man beside he , he eye hide once more behind the dark shade . gary and I be say , I be fine . and now we see luvlee come out of the building , Lewis hold onto one arm . Michael peretzian 116 . ext . car - same ag fhe bo bone get out to help they into the car . luvlee glare al luvlee fou be suppose to be watch marty 's ck . the bone do not say anything , just open the back door . she lean over , help Lewis into the back seat . her shirt so that the bone see the butt of the pistol stick out of she ean . he grab it . she pull she head out of the car and 8 up ... luvlee that 's mine . give it back . bone I will protect you . she look at he . he do not move . gary get in the car , luvlee . she look at the back of Gary 's head already in the front passenger seat and get in with Lewis . ext . crowne CENTER - NI as Chris pe up and at as the engine . he check he watch , then yawn : he take id close he eye ... int . CHRIS ' - same as luvlee lean forward a we a look at Gary , wince at the sight of he . Gary turn sead , see she , then turn still further ... waa sad comfy back there , Lewis lewis I be fine , thank you . gary more '' leg room ? lewis no , thank you . . Gary exchange a look with the bone . luvlee lean forward . luvlee let he go , Gary . gary what ? luvlee he 's suffer enough . for Christ 's sake , the poor bastard never get to see he mommy again . gary . what the fuck be you talk about ? Michael peretzian 117 . lewis luvlee , it 's all right -- luvlee when he be a boy he just all of a sudden start go : blind . it 's a very sad story -- tell ‘em , Lewis . lewis : I do not think he want to hear it . Gary slowly turn around ... gary luvlee . the man be blind in a explosion . ( beat ) when he be a little boy ... gary . when he be twenty , in a chem lab in berkley . he be make a fuckin bomb for some radical group he be a part of , it blow up in he face . luvlee look at Lewis . i luvlee ' be that true ? he do not answer . be you little fuck ° she shove he against the d ext . field - dawn ( from the ran e sheriff 's cruiser move the siren and flash cherry ato ; along the top of the winter wheat ... ext . the noel town bank - dawn a replay of the open scene as the sheriff pull in behind Ted tiliman 's cruiser , the front door still open , the dome light on . jump CUT to : inside the bank - dawn as the sheriff unhook he maglight , start inside the bank ... sheriff I come on the sloop John B ... jump CUT to : inside the bank as the sheriff shine he light on marty , then cork ... sheriff around nasssau town we do roam ... Michael peretzian ' 1s . jump CUT to : outside the bank as he deputy now pull up out front ... jump CUT to : inside the bank as the sheriff shine he flashlight on Ted . deputy ( 0.s. ) sheriff ? we hear beep beep beep and the sheriff crouch down , take the red pager from Ted 's belt . deputy good Christ -- Ted -- the sheriff shut off the pager , stare at it a moment . sheriff call the FBI . ext . crown CENTER - dawn where Chris sit in the station wagon , sound asleep . suddenly the driver window shatter and Chris jump as the bone stick the saw - off into he cheek ... where 's the y ? Chris blink , sit ur fat he pocket for he notebook as the back be open up a as ee stand back there look nm . bf it 's not here . ° bone G check the duffel . > el Chris take from he she open the big red " mustang " house , see nothing in there but he clothes , old memento ... luvlee nope . she look at Chris , quickly turn away as bone open the door and yank Chris out of the car by the hair . bone where 's the money ? CHRIS I do not remember . the bone look at Chris a moment , then turn to luvlee who 's now also look at Chris with a worried expression . bone ( to luvlee ) stay here . Michael peretzian ext . rink - same nobody face pale he cling amm around except for sreko who sit sl as rice now , he othing | soak to Lewis end of the ice , he fist bury in Chris ! he throw where be it ? bone he say he do not remember . on the ide he , keep : to the blind man 's bengtes® 119 . magn with bench tae no he pistol the bone appear at hair . Chris down to the ice in front of Gary and Lewis . CHRIS Lewis -- you okay ? lewis you shoulda run , kid . gary come on , do not do this , Chris . the money ? CHRIS I do not know . you do not ko the kid have ck>ut -- how do you koow ? 2 . lewis because it happen l851 just blank one . oe gary really . lewis yes , really . do not you fuck realize what you be deal with ? Lewis be jerk off hie foot by the bone. stand up , he oxford keep slip on the ice ... lewis hey -- where 's 1 he asshole he have trouble we hear a loud click as the bone open a switchblade and right away stab Lewis in the side -- lewis ahhh -- -- and twist the blade . Lewis scream . Lewis ! ts drop to the ice . Michael peretzian 120 . Chris start to get up , but Gary kick he back down to the ice as the bone hold onto a now thrashing Lewis . gary - I realize who I be deal with , Lewis . do you ? Lewis curl up , do not answer . gary where 's you notebook , Chris ? CHRIS I lose it . gary with the money maybe ? CHRIS I do not know . gary bone . and the bone stab Lewis in the other side and once more Lewis scream : int . the station wagon - same luvlee sit in the open back , smoking a cigarette . she hear a scream os . she start get out , when she notice the dirt in the back , the muddy ho : eee int . the ice rink - lr oq ° as Gary look around ... gary shut he up . Gary wait as the bone put a a seegpan over Lewis ' mouth . Lewis be now bleed all over the ee gary so , what , you be just gonna show up empty hand ? CHRIS no , I have a ... plan ... gary you have a plan ? augh ) to what ? fuck I ? Chris do not say a word . the bone haul Lewis to he foot . bone stand up . right there . Lewis gbey . but again , he keep slip . the bone stand there face he , shaking he head , hold the point of he knife barely a foot from he Lewis ' throat ... gary where 's the money , Chris ? Michael peretzian 121. CHRIS I do not know ... gary wrong answer . bone -- c'mere , Lewis . . Lewis , hesitates , fight to hold he balance ... CHRIS I do not remember ! bone take one giant step ... Lewis do not move . CHRIS please , I be tell you the truth -- bone lew - be -- I be wait -- Lewis take a step , but slip , fall backwards , humiliate himself . Chris stand up -- you know , Chris , ting here ask myself ... be he rea : tt dumb ? or be he really that Chris just look at he . < p gary I be gonna ask you one more time , then you watch Lewis get he throat cut . ( beat ) where 's my money ? Chris stare at Lewis . CHRIS I be sorry -- the bone reach for Lewis now , grab he by the hair -- CHRIS no ! luvlee ( 0.8 . ) he bury it ! they all turn as she slip and slide she way across the rink . luvlee there 's mud all over the fuck car ! Michael peretzian 122 . Gary look at Chris , see the mud on he pants and shoe . Chris see he stare at he . Gary nod ... gary : yeah ... you bury it . of course you _ @id . , Chris sit there think , try to remember . gary and I bet I know where , too . luvlee look at Lewis , bleed all over the ice and take a step away from the bone . luvlee the fuck be the matter with you ? gary ( to Chris ) Old farm Road 24 . Chris look at he . Gary nod ... gary right ? CHRIS yeah ... that 's where it be . and now Gary manage a le , tap he head . I know peopl ext . old highway 24 - moi ° the cornfield . a sign read farm . we crane down past the sign to reveal : the station wagon - same on Chris and Lewis in the back with Gary . luvlee up front with the bone . Gary turn to Chris who point into the field . CHRIS over there . we hear the SOUND of shoveling over as we ... CUT to : the SMALL white headstone the accident marker , the flower Chris leave the day before now scattered about the ground . pull back to reveal : the lincoln park in the field , the bone lean against the front fender , Chris digging up dark earth . Lewis sit on the cold ground with luvlee who hold onto he . lewis hey , luvlee ? luvlee shhh . Michael ! peretzian 123 . lewis you know , I be not gonna be around much longer to look out for you . luvlee shut up . she watch as Gary examine the marker . he lean on it , look like he might pass out at any moment : lewis just watch you back . gary so this be where it happen . Chris look at he , keep digging . gary . this be where you kill you best friend , maim you sweetheart and ruin you fuckin life . ext . the pratt house - morning as Richard Pratt , in he robe , get the mornin : xr , come back into the house . 's ' S paper , / int . kitchen - same as Richard come in , gr some coffee from the pot on the counter when he see the ni from CHRIS . he open it up . D insert - note the first few line ... you'll hear from I ... and th as " robbed a bank ... kill richard ( stare at the no 's qp oh , God -- ext . field - morning and dad , this be the last time ick flash of phrase such «.. i'm sorry ... " as luvilee glance back at the bone lean against the fender , then take Lewis ' hand . Lewis start to say something when -- CHRIS I find it . Lewis and luvlee sit up as Chris pull one of the black duffel from the dirt and set it down next to the hole . int . the pratt . house - morning as Richard stand up from the table , knock over the chair behind he . thy richard ext . field - morning as the bone lean over now to look as Gary take the duffel bag and unzip it . S ' . xchan look with each sure enough , it 's full of money they '' se Michael peretzian 124. gary get the rest . luvlee -- he toss the bag to she . gary put the bag in the car please . luvlee hesitates , then do as she 's tell as Chris crouch down and grab handfuls of dirt off the other bag . Gary squat beside he now . gary hey , I just realize something ... Chris lift another duffel bag , set it on the ground beside the hole . gary this be where you should have die the first time . luvlee look sadly at Chris , then grab the next bag as Gary point into the hole ... gary there 's one more . Chris bend down , pick up the last duffel bag as Gary stand up , nod to the bone ... who nod back , come off the fender . yy I try to & Sunshine . Gary pause and turn ba ty be who , shaking like crazy , cling to the last duff ag , watch the bone raise he shotgun to the back of Lewis ! . we life . you could 'v le yourself into something better . you know what I think ? Lewis stiffen , wait as the bone touch the saw - off to he head as Gary smile that smile at Chris now ... gary I be talk about you ale : change gary I think , the truth be , you be nothing but a gimp . you will always be a gimp . and , now , it look like you be gonna fuckin die a gimp . as ga : turn away , Chris lift the bag and we hear the SOUND of a shotgun racking from inside the . this get Lewis to turn he head . Gary freeze , look at a equally surprised luvlee . the bone raise the saw - off higher now as we ... CUT to : the pratt house - same as_a now panicked Richard step out of the kitchen and into the hallway , then stop cold as he see a shotgun shell lie on the floor just outside the library and we ... CUT to : the field - same as the duffel bag in Chris ' hand explode at one end , and the bone be blow back off he foot as we ... Michael peretzian 125 . CUT to : the pratt house as Richard pick the shell , look into the library and see the smashed sh case . the trophy on the floor in front of it . we then zoom in on the empty slot that once contain the miss shotgun as we ... . CUT to : the field and zoom in on Gary , now reach into he pants for he own gun , fumble with it , he mouth a know " 0 " as Chris let the duffel bag fall away from he father 's shotgun , rack the gun once more as the bag drop , and shoot Gary in the chest . he go down as Chris step out of the hole , rack : the ge as he come , as the bone , sit up -- the saw - off still in he : hand , sunglass off he head , he eye a shocking blue , the color of gas flame , open wide now as Chris fire a load of buckshot into the man 's startle face . Chris stand there , breathe hard , stare stupidly at the two body in front of he . Gary on he back , look up at Chris , he chest rise and fall a moment , then he eye empty he go still . '' for a moment , all be quiet . lewis who 's dead ? Chris do not move . ss be I dead ? Chris slip out of he C turn and look at Lewis lie on the ground . chri 2 no , you be not dead lewis 7s Chris ? CHRIS ! CHRIS what . lewis what the hell just happen ? luvlee Chris just shot everybody . Chris wheel around , put the gun on luvlee stand there shaking beside the car . lewis he what ? wait a minute -- luvlee you gonna shoot I , too , Chris ? Chris stand there . lewis kid ...? she take a step towards he . he finally lower the gun . Michael peretzian 126. CHRIS go -- run. she start to , hesitates , look at the bag in the car . luvlee can I mabye just take one -- CHRIS go! she take off run into the corn field . Chris look up as we see the black FBI helicopter from the earlier scene across the horizon on its way to Noel . Lewis get up , fall lown again ... lewis ah -- Jesus ... Chris move to help he up ... CHRIS so what do we do now ? lewis for starter we get I to a fuckin . hospital . we will 's work out the rest ater . be here -- I be go : carry you . the whole wa 's to the car . qo . Chris shake he head , pick start off across the field for the car , Lewis hang on to es lewis what would you do without I , kid ? dissolve to : ext . MAIN STREET noel - day the helicopter . be park in the middle of the street , which be now full of FBI , lab and State trooper vehicle . the station wagon pull up in front of the bank . : Chris get out of the car , walk to the back and open it up . he pull out one of the biack duffel bag and set it on the ground ... then another dufffle bag ... suddenly , Chris be swarm by gun-wield FBI agent . he put up he ds as now the sheriff come out of the bank as well . we then crane up as every law enforcement officer on hand converge on the two of they . o. CHRIS ( v.o. ) once upon a time , I rob the Noel town Bank . Michael peretzian 127 . int . bank - day as Chris sit at he desk , surround by FBI agent , the sheriff , tell he story . CHRIS ( v.o. ) I return the money and the FBI ask I a lot of question . I answer they , I tell they it be all my fault -- Ted , the bank , everything -- but they do not believe that I could have do any of it ... int . bus - night as luvlee sit on a gre yfhound , relax as it start to pull out . suddenly the D ) stop the bus , open the door , CHRIS ( v.o. ) luvlee get pick up that night . she sit up as the two FBI agent get on the bus , look at she . CHRIS ( v.o. ) and now she 's do six year at the lawrence woman 's facility . she wave , put up she hand as they start towards she ... be ( v.0o. ) rom she every now and ext . the pratt house - as Chris pull into the ...his father come out of the ho arm around Chris before Chris sa CHRIS ( v.o. ) but he do not ask any question . syto meet he , throw he Chris stare over Richard 's shoulder , startle by the ferocity of he father 's embrace . int . CHRIS ' apartment - morning as Chris sit up in bed . * CHRIS ( v.o. ) my day go pretty much the same as they always have ... int . the kitchen - night in the dark , Chris and Lewis cooking , Lewis chat away . CHRIS ( v.o. ) I wake_up , I take a shower with soap and I live my life . like Lewis say -- Chris stop , watch he friend effortlessly navigate the kitchen and smile ... Michael peretzian 128 . CHRIS ( v.0o . ) -- it 's a eat world , and sometimes it 's the other way around . int . bank - day : where Chris count out some cash behind the teller 's window ... CHRIS ( vv.o . ) that 's not to say there be not a few change here and there . int . the quaff - night Chris at the bar write in he notebook ... CHRIS ( v.o. ) I still go to class , and they tell I my sequence 's get much better . and that I -- Chris stop , look up . scratch out the last line , then -- CHRIS ( v.o. ) oh , wait -- the money . ext . the west bottom - day a sign out front announce " government auction " with a date . Chris and Lewis get out of the Honda , move to the entrance ... be ( v.0 . ) I be talk e other money ... int . west bottom - gary " , pre - day as Chris open the cabinet . reach in , grab a stack of cash , smelis it and grin . CHRIS ( V . the money Gary hide awayq .. Chris turn and pase the money to Lewis who hold it like a puppy , take a happy whiff of the cash ... CHRIS ( v.o. ) Lewis say we should just take it for ourselves , invest it in t-bill . his feel be -- after all -- it be the government 's money to begin with ... ext . SMALL house - day farm country . a old mailbox out front , the name tillman hand paint on the side . Chris sit in a bench swing on the wrap - around porch look at something os . * CHRIS ( v.o. ) but I talk he into give it all away . anonymously . we see now that Chris be stare at a baby in a playpen . CHRIS ( v.o. ) e shari tillman have she baby the night of the robbery . a boy . ed junior . Michael ! peretzian 129 . shari tillman come out of the house with two glass of lemonade and sit down in the porch swing with Chris . on CHRIS watch the baby ... CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I come over and visit they from time to time . and once in a while ... . and now we see shari lean into frame , she son in she arm ... CHRIS ( v.0 . ) .-- 8he let I hold he . - as she gently pass he to Chris , who take the child in he own arm , beg : rock he for dear life , as we then ... fade out . & q y Michael peretzian