suspiria screenplay by Dave kajganich base on the film write by dario argento and daria nicolodi frenesy Film the event of the film take place in the Berlin , 1977 . Autumn . " dance must be cheerful and show beautiful female body and have nothing to do with philosophy . " -- Joseph Goebbels , 1937 ii . markos company revise " horizontal " hierarchy artistic director and choreographer Madame blanc technical director miss boutaher production manager miss mauceri Assistant to artistic director miss tanner tour director miss griffith accountant miss martincin repetiteur miss Mandel miss millius hospitant judith Marketing balfour archivist cotugno dramaturgy miss killen production designer miss huller stage manager miss kaplitt Light miss Daniels sound miss Marks drummer danielle physical trainer pavla physiotherapist and masseur Secretary housemother maintenance woman feature dancer miss verdegast miss griffith miss vendegast alberta Sara Patricia olga caroline Sonia marketa doll int . marko company , staff kitchen -- dawn in a dim institutional kitchen stand a long , marble table with twenty chair around it . miss tanner ( v.o . ) markos . miss mandel ( v.o. ) markos . miss killen ( v.o. ) blanc ! miss daniel ( v.o. ) markos ! miss vendegast ( 50 ) come in and turn on the light . she get a coal fire go in the heat stove , then another in the cook stove . she fill a big enamel coffee pot . miss boutaher ( v.o . ) blanc . miss millus ( v.o. ) markos ! miss martincin ( v.o. ) blanc . vendegast set out bowl , spoon , and mug on the table . mue - sli . biscuit . soon , other woman begin drift in . some be still in robe , not yet shower . they go about get they breakfast and first cigarettes . some chat casually . over it all , the vote continue in v.o . each voice be strong , decide . we may see flash of the face of this woman dur - ing the vote , which take place the night before . if a audi - ence expect sinister face , they will be surprised : the woman of we film be banal , matronly , woman you see every day . miss huller ( v.o. ) markos ! miss holzmann ( v.o. ) blanc ! madame blanc ( 50 ) herself come in for breakfast . she have the long -limb body and high carriage of a dancer , but she ener - gy be not rarify . it 's ground , open . but she look tired . madame blanc good morning , everyone . miss mauceri ( v.o. ) blanc . miss mark ( v.o. ) markos ! miss boutaher come over to blanc , still in she hair net . miss boutaher be you able to sleep in a light - tle ? it be a long night . madame blanc yes , thank you . miss boutaher I be glad . danielle ( v.o. ) markos . miss cotugno ( v.o. ) blanc . vendegast begin crack egg in a bowl , one after another . pavla ( v.o. ) markos . miss kaplitt ( v.o. ) blanc . miss verdegast ( v.o. ) markos ! miss griffith ( v.o. ) markos . miss vendegast ( v.o. ) blanc ! miss balfour ( v.o. ) blanc . blanc get coffee and take a seat at one head of the table and talk with miss holzmann . miss tanner ( 55 ) enter . she be smaller in stature than blanc , but lean hard into everything to compensate . she and blanc have a moment of eye contact . alberta ( v.o. ) markos ! a beat , and then , finally : judith ( v.o. ) markos . there 's a v.o. rapping , some ritualize version of applause . miss tanner ( v.o . ) << markos by three . it 's decide . let no one 's vote be hold against she . and let the will of the maj - ority proceed . hail , markos . >> all ( v.o. ) << hail , markos . >> miss tanner take she coffee and sit beside Madame blanc . as casually as the other be chat , tanner say to she : miss tanner markos be ask for you . she want to know if everything be ready , now that we be clear to proceed . madame blanc she know my concern about patric - ia . but I do agree , we should not delay . tanner nod , reassure on this crucial point . she spread she jam on she toast . Madame blanc get up . madame blanc ( cont ’d ) I 'il go and tell she now . CUT to : ext . berlin , platz -- day a Berlin platz be pack with protestor shout in organ - ize rage : crowd << free baader ! free ensslin ! free schubert ! free raspe ! we be watch - ing ! we be watch ! >> ( beat ) << free méller ! free becker ! we be watch all you do ! >> polizei observe the protest from half a block away . some take photo . leave drop down on they in the grey afternoon . patricia ( 20 ) , skirt the edge of the protest , hurry . she 's dress in a old fatigue jacket and legging , weigh down with a over - the-shoulder bag and duffle . one or two in the crowd recognize she and gesture , but she keep move . crowd ( cont 'd ) << we remember mutter meinhoff ! we remember everything ! >> she get to a statue in the platz and look around for some - one , as if at a plan rendezvous point . but no one 's wait - — ing for she there , and no one come . she stay as long as she can . but the police notice she duf - fle . they begin to point she out between themselves . she get move again . when she see two of the police detach from the group to follow she , she get around a corner and run . CUT to : int . klemperer 's build , stairwell -- day Patricia hurry up a stairwell to a door on the top landing and ring . there be a odd , dark light bulb in a wall socket beside a small sign there . she be sing to herself in spite of she fear . nico . '' the fairest of the season . '' int . klemperer 's apartment , entryway -- day dr . jozef klemperer ( 80 ) answer . his face carry he many year , crease along all the line of long . but it 's still somehow a open face . he see she fear , she duffle bag . klemperer Patricia . what -- have happen ? but Patricia dance past he , drag in she duffle and bag , sing as she go . it 's odd behavior . he shut the door and follow she back to a wear study line with bookcase . int . klemperer 's apartment , sitting room -- day instead of sit , Patricia dump she bag behind a stuff armchair and dance around the furniture , move to the music in she head . she never once look directly at klemperer . he see she dismay and respond with practice calm . klemperer I have a patient in a few minute , but I can tell he to come another time -- patricia ( pleasantly ) they vote . -- can I have a seltzer ? the bartender will give you one for free . I be afraid . ( sing again ) I will be leave in the fairest of season . klemperer lower himself into he chair , not sure he 's hear she correctly . she talk loudly , as if over other people in a busy cafe . but she 's coding thing , just for he . patricia ( cont ’d ) this song ! I have it stick in my head . I hear it so loud I worry oth - er can hear it , too . ( meaningfully ) do you understand --? he decide . he lean over and flip a switch low on the wall near he chair . int . klemperer 's build , stairwell -- day a red bulb next to he door switch on , its filament buzz - ing with voltage . the small sign beside it read , both in ger - man and English , '' in session . '' int . klemperer 's apartment , sitting room -- day klemperer begin write in he patient note . we see what must be month of work with she in he tiny handwrite . patricia they be go to try to keep she alive after all . he glance up at she . he flip back through the note . the name '' markos '' have come up before , several time . klemperer have call it a '' besessenheit . '' a obsession . klemperer markos ? for a second , Patricia 's reaction be physical , violent . patricia do not say that name --! but then she try to make herself laugh , as if she 's have a very good time . patricia ( cont ’d ) I be not suppose to be here ! it 's the middle of the day ! you be a nice boy . a nice kumpel . be not that the word ? I be right . they be witch . klemperer write . Patricia move around the room , eye close and dance . patricia ( cont ’d ) I leave word for Sara to meet I out this morning . she 's the one girl there I could give a damn about . she 's rich , but she listen . if I leave they may choose she next . I do not want they to hurt she . but she do not come . she do not get my note , or - - ( beat ) she do not know what I know . they have be underground since the war . I find out all of it . she realize she 's say too many real thing in a row and dis - semble . she 's terrify . patricia ( cont ’d ) I be have so much fun I do not know why you never bring I here be - fore ! a long beat . klemperer say , calmly : klemperer you think they can hear you now . she shoot he a look . then a frighten nod . she dance to a window and begin sing bowie 's '' heroes , '' again as if she 's at some kind of club . she have she eye close now , really try to put herself in another place and time . patricia they take my hair . my urine . they take my eye . there 's more to that building than what you see . close on : in she file , he write : << her delusion have deep - ened into panic . she feel she construct mythology be con - firme . >> patricia ( cont 'd ) but I let they help I . I let they give I thing , too . I know , but I let it happen . on klemperer 's bookcase , there be a frame photogravure . it 's of smile woman from the 1930s . she smile at Patricia . patricia ( cont ’d ) my mother always tell I to write my storey down . I be always Tel - ling they , but I never write they down before . ( forcefully ) kumpel ! klemperer look up . he see she be cry . patricia ( cont ’d ) do you hear ?! do you understand ? klemperer Patricia -- patricia I be go back for Sara and then I will come get my thing . she be weep now , painfully desperate and afraid . klemperer Patricia . I think you would feel safer if you stay at least until the pro - test outside be go -- patricia they convinced I it be my choice . rehearsal 's at noon -- I 'il be mis - sed ! klemperer get to he foot . as she rush out , she tell he : patricia ( cont ’d ) if they know , they will not hesitate . they will hollow I out and eat my cunt on a plate ! then she go out the door , give a jolt of surprise to the next patient ( male , 40s ) wait outside . klemperer listen to she go down the stair and out . he go to the window . close on : in the photo on he bookcase , the woman 's eye be pale over she smile . a smile from before the war . he look through the sheer curtain to the street below and watch Patricia hurry back toward the platz , then disappear . next patient ( 0.s. ) ( from the door , unsure ) Dr. klemperer ? int . ohio farmhouse , adult 's bedroom -- day a mennonite woman ( 5as ) lie in a sick bed , silently attend to by woman from the community in they modest pastel dress and hair covering . she look ravage by disease , perhaps can - cer . her frail , wet breathing be audible . horrible sigh . once the credit be finish , the sigh continue in pre - lap into the next scene . CUT to : int . HOTEL pfau , susie 's room -- day a young american , susie bannion ( 20 ) , sit in a hotel room go over a set of handwritten direction against a street map of Berlin . she 's confuse , determine . she have no make - up on . her freckle stand out on she pale skin with she red hair against she blue eye . susie check she watch . she grab a small dance bag , count the money she have leave : 35 Deutsche Marks and a few american dollar she have not yet exchange all in a crease envelope with a church logo in its return address corner . she hide it deep between the mattress it all and hurry to the door . int . HOTEL pfau , lobby -- day she go to the small reception desk to ask a question , but the two woman there have they back to she , they attention glue to the small television there . on the tv : a news report , in german , of hijacked lufthansa flight 181 take off from a airport in Rome . note : this hijack story be one of the centerpiece of the now- imfamous '' german Autumn '' of 1977 , which mark the end of the baader - meinhof terrorist era , and which we will see un - fold in real time on television throughout the film . int . berlin subway car -- day susie have find she way onto the Berlin subway . she look a- round , keep she nerve in check as best she can . she see armed polizei at various station watch cluster of youth , both with attitude like batter ram . ext . berlin subway station , stair -- day susie be on the stair hurry out of the subway , ask for direction . a woman with too much lipstick half - help she . susie pohlstrabe --? it 's this way --? susie have a rural american accent : Southern Ohio , which be almost West Virginia , but not as thick . she lack sophistica - tion , but make up for it with bravery . ext . marko company -- day susie finally arrive outside a huge old janus of a building -- two brick volume fuse down the center , one taller than the other by several floor . it could be a factory , a school , or a austere sort of hotel , but the stonework over the entrance simply read '' tanz . '' dance . Dead leave cartwheel around she . susie stand a moment look - ing up at the building , gather herself . then she go in . int . marko company , entrance hall -- day susie come in and find the entrance lobby empty . she look up at the several floor of balustrade above she . she hear drumming come from somewhere in the building - - a slow synco - pate beat -- and the squeak and exertion of people dancing . a voice call out dance cue . there be a knocking on glass and it take susie a moment to see miss tanner hail she from a interior window of the of - fice , which look out onto the entrance hall . int . marko company , office -- day susie come in . miss tanner , make up now for the day , be all business . something be wrong at the company today . susie be - gin to feel it everywhere . susie miss tanner --? 10 . miss tanner miss bannion , I have be try to reach you at you hotel . to tell you not to come . susie not come ? why --? miss tanner something have come up at the company just today . I be hope you could reschedule . a beat . tanner wait for susie to offer to postpone it she - self , but susie just stand there , panicked . tanner set she jaw . the secretary , miss griffith ( 5as ) , be there type some - thing , she back to susie . in a small mirror on the desk , Su - sie can see , though , that miss griffith be cry . miss griffith 's reflection look back and she shift in she chair to cut off the reflection . miss tanner ( cont ’d ) very well . I have a room where you can change and get warm . I will call the panel down -- CUT to : int . marko company , changing room -- day susie have change into a dance leotard and sit , do some stretch . she try to manipulate she breathe to calm she - self . it 's intense to watch she try to control she own body this way . it seem to work . she must be closer to the practice room now , because the drum and dance cue be louder here . susie close she eye . she want this so badly . we see a succession of image of rehearsals go on in prac— tice hall , but it 's unclear if susie 's imagine they . int . marko company , '' white '' studio -- day susie come into a small audition room where miss tanner sit at a table with miss millius ( 50 ) and miss mandel ( 30 ) . they all say hello , but they , too , be subdued . susie hold a cas - sette tape in she hand . 11 . miss tanner miss millius and miss Mandel be the company 's répétiteur . susie surprise they by ask , directly : susie and veva blanc ? miss tanner as I say , Madame blanc be occupy now . susie 's disappointment be clear . susie but I be tell -- miss tanner dear . you have no formal training or reference . Madame blanc take you insistance to come encourag - ingly . that 's why you be here at all . tanner be not be cruel , just clear . a beat . susie nod . miss millius ( be : the tape , kindly ) we prefer dancer to audition with - out music . susie look at miss Mandel . miss mandel you can keep time in you head . susie put the cassette on the floor , out of the way , take center floor , and begin . the first movement of she audition be so razor sharp and cut it be startling . int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day Madame blanc be in the company 's large studio , lead the rehearsal susie hear from the entrance hall . people be work - ing in pair and trio , all very subdued . blanc be work one - on- one now with SARA ( 20 ) , but stop , sense something go on elsewhere in the building . Sara stop as well , wait for blanc . blanc Sara , do you mind to continue by yourself ? 12 . Sara shake she head . blanc nod to the drummer danielle ( 60 ) to continue and walk to the door . int . marko company , corridor / stair / '' white '' studio -- day blanc pass dancer smoking in the corridor and room where group session be go on . she come down the stair to the close door of the '' white '' studio . she go in . int . marko company , '' white '' studio -- day blanc enter and discreetly sit in a fold chair by the door so as not to interrupt . tanner come and whisper in she ear , but blanc do not take she eye off susie . she watch she , she expression revealing how catch off guard she be by this , and how seriously she be take it . susie , in the middle of she dance , see , in between spin , that blanc be now in the room watch . they eye , for one split second , meet . CUT to : int . marko company , tanner's office -- day susie have be leave to wait in miss tanner 's office afterward where she sit in she street clothes again , dance bag at she foot . she be look around the office , barely contain she nervousness . there be photo of the company 's history back to the 1910s on the wall , and some personal effect of Tan - ner 's on she desk , include a lovely dry lotus pod that 's be paint red . rehearsal be break up and the hallway fill with dancer . susie catch line from several conversation , all of they charge . voice # 1 they do it while we be in mor - ning rehearsal . put she thing in shipping box . voice # 2 do you think she have to go under - ground or something ? with what 's go - ing on ? voice # 3 ( irritate ) we do not know what happen ! susie glance into the hall and briefly meet eye with one of the pass girl , SARA ( 20 ) , aka Voice # 3 . 13 . but miss tanner come in with miss vendegast ( 60 ) and close the door . miss vendegast be smile . miss tanner I have just speak with Madame blanc . well do , miss bannion . susie can not stifle the smile spread across she face . she can barely keep she seat , she be so excited . miss tanner ( cont ’d ) I imagine you will need to return home to settle thing and make ar- rangement for move to Berlin - - susie no , no . I -- I be ready now . I can start now . a beat . tanner nod . miss tanner ( be : vendegast ) Fine , then . this be miss vendegast . she act as housemother to company member who reside here , which be the majority . we operate as a sort of collective . ( pointedly ) as we cannot pay we dancer much by way of a salary , we be ina position to offer dormitory - style room rent - free , which be one way we have find to sew up the differ - ence . susie you do not charge anything -- at all ? miss tanner not a mark . susie be so relieved , she can not keep the tear out of she eye for a moment . miss tanner soften . susie I be sorry to cry ! miss tanner in this company , we understand fully the importance of a woman 's financial autonomy . ( beat ) ( more ) 14 . miss tanner ( cont 'd ) normally , we would be full up at this time of year , but we have have a room open . susie Patricia 's . she say this matter - of - factly . miss vendegast look at miss tanner . tanner squint at susie , slightly alarmed . susie ( cont 'd ) some girl be talk about she in the hall just now . miss tanner ah . now that you be one of we , I will not be coy . Patricia have leave the company under sad circumstance . we think she will not be back . ( beat ) so there 's room , if you have like . we can even move you in this afternoon so you do not have to pay another night at you hotel . miss vendegast we will send one of the girl to help you with you luggage after lunch . be that all right . susie yes . thank you . -- it 's perfect . int . marko company , mezzanine / entrance hall -- day Three storey below , susie walk back across the entrance hall on she way out , try to contain she excitement and be - lief . Madame blanc watch she through a large dim window . susie must feel watch because she glance back and then up , all the way up to the ceiling until she 's look right at Madame blanc . neither wave . the reason become in clear : susie' Pov : all susie can see be the row of mirror at the very top , hide the high mezzanine . Madame blanc must be stand behind one of they , but susie can not know this . it be a first visual indication that the very architecture of the building create tension . susie begin to perceive , at the edge of she hearing , some - one 's labor breathing . there 's no one in view . the acoust - ics of three - story hall may explain it . unnerve , she go . CUT to : 15 . int . HOTEL pfau , susie 's room -- night a storm be come down hard and with thunder . susie be in she hotel window look down to the street . a taxi pull up . Sara , the dancer from the corridor , get out . ext . HOTEL pfau -- night Sara look up at the hotel and see susie . she wave . susie wave back , already run to get out of the downpour . int . HOTEL pfau , susie 's room -- night Sara come in soak . she 's clearly from money . she do not overtly advertise this . her clothes be lovely , but it 's more in the way she carry herself . SARA I be sorry I be late . it 's the rain . whenever it rain , everyone in ber - lin jump in a cab . and like a mo - ron , I just let ours go . it 'il take a hour to get another one now . oh I be Sara . we will have to take we chance in the street . you have a umbrella ? susie shake she head . SARA ( cont ’d ) ( look around ) that 's okay . we can borrow one from the hotel if they have they . but susie 's luggage be still open on the floor , thing every - where . susie when you be not here by six I have to take the room for another night . SARA I be so sorry ! everything be a mess at the company today . ( off susie 's look ) why be you smile ? susie Berlin . you say '' everybody in ber - lin '' a second ago and I think : that include I now . I live here now . Sara smile at susie 's guilelessness . 16 . SARA yes. congrat . I hear you here a sensation today . susie shrug , happy . there 's a roll of thunder . SARA ( cont ’d ) I should maybe go before this get worse , then . i’1l come back in the morning ? susie if it will be so bad get a cab , sleep here if you want . we can push the bed apart . I have a extra nightgown -- Sara consider the invitation , surprised and move by susie 's openness . SARA we will miss dinner , but we can order room service . to celebrate ! ( intuit ) on I ! as a '' welcome to Berlin . '' CUT to : they finish plate of meatball and jagerschnitzel . they also order big german beer , which they have drunk . the storm out -— side have get worse . the power go out for a moment , then come back on . SARA ( cont ’d ) have you call you family yet , to tell they ? Sara be a little drunk . the nightgown be almost comically conservative . Sara look at the stitching and see : it 's hand sewn . SARA ( cont ’d ) do you tell I where you be from ? susie tell I about Madame blanc ! she come into my audition , but she leave right after . the light go out and this time they do not come back on . lightn occasionally brighten the window , give they dim light . 17 . SARA she 's incredible . the way she tran - mit she work , she energy . when it shine on you , it 's -- addictive , be the word for it . and she 's tough -- she keep the company alive through the war -- think about that -- when the Reich just want woman to shut off they mind and keep they uteruse open , there be blanc . ( beat ) -- La vraie choose ! susie be that french ? I do not even know ! there be a sudden detonation outside nearby , markedly differ - ent from thunder . it shake the glass . they run and open the window to look . it come from down the street . they can not see from this angle , so Sara lean out , into the rain . SARA I can smell it . a bomb . susie a bomb ?! susie keep she from fall out . Police siren be come . SARA there 's a bank that way . she come back into the room , look at susie . SARA ( cont ’d ) do not you know what 's happen here ? the hijacker be negotiate a release for the stammheim prison - er tonight . there be riot . susie do not answer . SARA ( cont ’d ) the raf ? baader - meinhof ? susie I do not know what that be . SARA they kidnap a executive . during the war he be Nazi ss . a officer . now he run the german employer 's Association -- ( beat ) ( more ) 18 . SARA ( cont 'd ) you do not get how awful that be , do you ? susie shake she head : this mean nothing to she . Sara shi - ver and close the window . SARA ( cont ’d ) I do not either . until I come here . -- and my Father 's in the diplomatic service . susie go to the bathroom and come back with a thick towel . she see Sara be now sit on the bed in tear . susie what be it ?! susie sit on the bed next to she . SARA I be sorry . all of this -- I be just worried about a friend . it 's be a terrible day . susie I hear you talk about she in the hall . I know something be wrong . SARA she just leave this morning , tell Ms. tanner she have a '' family emer - gency . '' no one know what to do . susie what do you mean ? SARA she be active , in some political group . so we do not know where she be , really . if she 's in hide , if she 's all right . ( beat ) I just want to know she 's if all right . susie be she a very good dancer ? Sara look at susie , at she earnestness and innocence . it should not , but it comfort she . 19 . SARA yes . very good . but a even better friend . susie then I bet you will hear from she tom - morrow . -- right ? Sara finally nod , then smile , grateful for the comfort . CUT to : int . klemperer 's apartment , bedroom -- pre-dawn Dr. klemperer be already awake when he alarm clock ring . he reach out to shut it off . while he find the switch it ring so long someone knock on the wall . int . klemperer 's apartment , bathroom -- pre-dawn the sky in the tiny window over he toilet be just bluing up with the come of dawn . klemperer shave slowly and careful - ly in he crack mirror . one of the two bathroom door have be seal up and shelve now , a wall between apartment . int . klemperer 's apartment , sitting room -— - dawn klemperer be tie he shoe . it take a few moment . the radio beside he be play Erik satie 's '' vexation . '' when he get he shoe tie , he shut it off , tap out he pipe , and get he coat . he make sure the heat stove screen be close . ext . west berlin , friedrichstrabe -- day a early morning sun be drying the pavement from last night 's storm . it 's shake leave out of the tree and plast - — ere they onto the curb and sidewalk . klemperer make he way slowly up a main avenue in he neigh - borhood . it be a squatter 's part of town , full of art pione - er and youth in revolt . the one who recognize he nod to he like a grandpa . he busy a morning newspaper beside a sub - — way station . headline announce the palestinian hijacker of Flight 181 have fly the capture lufthansa to bahrain . int . s- bahn train -- day klemperer ride the train into East Germany . next to he be a middle - age priest . his lip be cut and swollen . the other be a woman ( 20 ) with bitten nail and a hospital band around she wrist . in she lap be a sleep boy ( 3 ) . when the train stop at friedrichstrabe Station , everyone be make to get out . 20 . int . friedrichstrabe station , checkpoint -- day klemperer be in line to show he papers at the police check . he be wave through and head up the stair into the Russian sector . one of the armed guard also give klemperer a nod , as to a familiar face . ext . east berlin , friedrichstrabe -- day klemperer continue down the avenue two block . East Berlin be visibly still on its knee from the war , even year later . the rubble and the decay , have the feel of have be tid - ied , but not yet confront . he turn off and walk toward a small cobble corner of a otherwise nondescript intersection . there be a small fountain in the stonework , but nothing come out of it . there be a mar - sonry bench there just wide enough room for two people to sit at the lip of its dry bowl . klemperer take a seat there . we be witness a habit , a ritual , possibly a daily occur - rence . he say out loud , to no one , like a mantra : klemperer << and maybe today , my love . >> then he open he paper and begin eat he breakfast out of a wax paper bag he 's bring with he . CUT to : int . klemperer 's apartment , entryway / sitting room -- day klemperer return to he apartment to find : no one be wait - ing . he let himself in . int . klemperer 's apartment , entryway / kitchen -- day at some point , klemperer 's housekeeper , frau sesame ( 5as ) let herself in the front door . she see the door to klemper - er 's sit room be open and he be sit inside alone . she immediately begin chat while she take out she clean bucket from under the sink . frau sesame << they be out again today , Doctor . for the prisoner . do you think it will end today ? >> int . klemperer 's apartment , sitting room -- day klemperer be not listen . he be look at the bag patri - cia leave behind . they have be move to the corner . 21 . he go to they . he unzip the duffle and begin look through it . clothes . boot . then a notebook . he hesitates , and then open it . it be near full with entry , drawing , hand - draw map . he begin read . CUT to : int . marko company , staircase -- day susie and Sara carry susie 's luggage up to the third floor pass the mirror susie see the day before . she 's now be - flect in they from just below . int . marko company , residence corridor -- day they come into a corridor of dormitory - type room . some of the girl be steal a few moment in they room between breakfast and rehearsal . when susie appear on the floor , a few come out and introduce themselves . susie smile at they , greet they . one older dancer , olga ( 40 ) , who be on a telephone , hear what 's go on and step out to look , but as soon as she see susie , she dismiss she and go back to the argument she be have on the phone . olga ( 0.s. ) why do not you try speak to I like you love I for a change -- Sara roll she eye and bring susie to the end of one cor - ridor , point out as they pass a room at the end : SARA that 's my room -- the hall turn right , then right again revealing a parallel corridor , also with dorm room . susie 's be first . they go in . SARA ( cont ’d ) we be sort of neighbor . susie I be glad . SARA settle in . i’1l tell Ms. vendegast we make it . rehearsal be not for forty minute . listen for the bell . ( off susie 's nod ) knock on the wall if you need anything , okay ? I be right on the other side . 22 . susie Sara - — Sara turn back . susie ( cont 'd ) ( be : the room ) be this --? SARA no. olga take Patricia 's room . it 's the biggest . she say she need the space . ( sotto ) she 's Russian . with that , Sara go . susie look around the room , excited . it 's simple : a bed , a dresser , a desk , a old - fashioned stand with a basin and mirror . but no window . it 's a interior room inside the center of the building . she have a odd moment of settling into the space , of hearing she own breathe . she pull a suitcase up onto the bed and flip open the latch to start unpack . CUT to : int . marko company , office -- day a hand pull a thick cord and then : int . marko company , residence corridor -- day the bell for rehearsal ring in the resident 's corridor . int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day all the dancer be there , stretch . Madame blanc and miss tanner come in . blanc good morning . good morning . tanner go to join danielle at the drum for a moment . blanc go right in among the dancer . blanc ( cont 'd ) we have some happier company bus - iness today . I have like to introduce we new dancer , susie bannion . she have come to we from America and I know you 's 1ll all make she very well - come . ( beat ) ( more ) 23 . blanc ( cont 'd ) I see she audition myself . I can as - sure you , we be lucky to have she . everyone smile and nod to susie , some come over to hug she or squeeze she shoulder . olga watch this , irritate by it . blanc ( cont 'd ) would you like to say anything , Su - sie ? susie look around the group , unprepare . susie oh -- um. I do not know ! hello --? ( laugh ) I be sorry . I do not know what to say ! everyone laugh warmly . blanc I will talk for now , then : welcome to we little family . join in as you feel ready , but there 's no rush . susie smile , blush now . she nod in thanks . blanc ( cont 'd ) all right . for rehearsal today , we should get right back to where we be last week , with volk . ( beat ) I have talk to olga and she will now be dance the protagonist . Sara , I would like you to take olga 's part . be everyone happy with that ? susie watch Sara receive the news . Sara close she eye for a moment , the extent of she outward celebration in front of blanc . susie smile for she . CUT to : the dancer be in the middle of a sequence in which olga be spin between cluster of two and three dancer . susie sit on the edge , watch for now . olga 's not judge the space correctly and be a step or two off in each collision . she 's get increasingly frustrated . blanc ( cont 'd ) the group be move , too , olga . just aim yourself ahead of where you think you will cross with they -- 24 . olga I be . she try this , and it work . but then she stop abruptly . olga ( cont 'd ) this be shit . such shit . danielle stop playing the drum . tanner sigh . blanc it 's all right . I be push . ( to everyone ) why do not we break for ten ? but olga 's frustration be not about the rehearsal . she 's in - dignant . she say , directly to blanc and tanner . olga you can not even be bother to be - spect you own lie . miss tanner miss chkalov . blanc ( to tanner ) oh , let she squeeze if she want to . it 's only pus . ( to olga ) Patricia 's go , olga . we do not know why . she say a family issue , but we all know there 's a good chance that be not true . if she 's go into hide , she would not tell we . olga she would have tell someone . that 's not what happen . blanc step fully into this , take slow step toward olga . blanc ponto. now schleyer . prosecutor beat in viktoriapark . firm burn - ed . a bomb in kreuzberg last night . olga she would not do any of that ! blanc we know she meet with group that believe in target , olga . ( more ) 25 . blanc ( cont 'd ) and this kind of action require a lot of people . olga but she leave they . you know she do and you know why . blanc ( ignore this ) she want to do something with she belief . we can all admire that . and there be change to be make , no question . but if she 's in some cellar fill beamiester bottle with petrol , that 's she choice . who will not be sad if she 's shot by the polizei , but what can we do ? we all try to talk to she . to give she alternative . susie watch all of this , fascinate . olga you manipulate everything -- everyone -- she do not trust you --! because you be hypocrite . blanc she do not trust anyone , olga . I never take it personally . neither should you . this have reduce olga to furious tear . blanc ( cont 'd ) take olga up to she room . we be all worried about Patricia , but concern be no excuse for hysteria . olga no , miss tanner , call olga a cab . she 's have enough and be go to pack she thing and get the fuck out of this box of raby . olga start hurry toward the door . blanc olga . olga point directly back at blanc and shout : olga koldun ' ya ! 26 . olga storm out . blanc let the intensity in she own face dis - sipate to show the company the hurt underneath . blanc I be sorry for that . it 's a hot thing we do . they hear a door slam in the near distance . int . marko company , hallway / stairway / hallway -- day olga shake with anger as the adrenaline peak in she system . she take the stair two at a time up to the dorm . at the top of the stair , alberta ( 5as ) a stocky woman who be the company 's maintenance person be sit in a alcove . olga I be leave , alberta . I can not swal - low any more of this . she head to she room and start pack a small bag . int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day miss tanner have step forward to blanc 's side . miss tanner who be also unhappy ? let 's get it all out , all at once -- blanc motion to she '' that 's enough . '' blanc I will talk to olga later . we have get a hour and a half . can we go on ? be everyone all right if we go on ? she wait until enough people nod . blanc ( cont 'd ) who dance the protagonist then ? can - roline ? Sonia ? sonia ( 20 ) and caroline ( 20 ) look at one another . sonia I can not . not yet . blanc caroline , then . caroline just stand there . she look at the door where the sound of she friend leave have go silent . 27 . blanc ( cont 'd ) that 's all right . we ’1ll manage . a voice from the side of the room surprise everyone . susie ( 0.s. ) I 'il dance . int . marko company , corridor / '' mirrore '' studio -- day olga , bag in hand , come back down the stair . alberta be no longer there . olga hesitates , as if confuse . olga 's Pov : outside the window , she can see a slice of the street in front of the company . people pass by in they suit and autumn coat . that 's where she want to go , but she stag - ger the slight bit and then head in the wrong direction , further into the school . there be no one on this floor that she can see . she proceed as if in fog , she hand up as if she be have trouble see or concentrate . she turn down a second corridor , further away from the front of the building . finally , she turn into a studio fully line with frame mir - ror floor to ceiling , and on the ceiling as well . int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day blanc turn to find who 's say this . it be susie . susie I know it . blanc susie . susie it be in the documentary . I have watch it a hundred time at the library . I know this dance . blanc darling . we rehearse it for ten month before perform it . susie I have see it perform in person , too . in New York . everyone be cring for susie at this point . but she do not back down . 28 . blanc well . if you want to try , go ahead , blanc move to she . when she get to she she say , ina concerned tone , more discreetly . blanc ( cont 'd ) you have already impressed we . susie I know this . blanc you be very sure ? susie nod . behind they , tanner look increasingly agitate . miss tanner first do it alone then . we do not want to put the other at risk . the last thing we need be someone to get kick in the rib . susie nod and go out onto the floor . she ready herself , wait for the drum beat , and then begin . it 's bold , precise , but also wild . blanc look at tanner , then call out : blanc stop . susie do , half - sure she be about to be dismiss . blanc go to susie and get on she knee . she take susie 's leave foot and press she thumb up into the arch . blanc ( cont 'd ) clear you head . I want you to start over . be you stretch ? this be no joke . susie nod . blanc take she right foot and do the same gesture . then she do it to each of susie 's hand . it be a hybrid of a massage and something -- ambiguous . when she 's do , susie look at she hand . susie' Pov : the imprint of blanc 's thumb be still white mark on the back of susie 's hand . like a '' T " . int . marko company , '' mirrore '' studio -- day olga be look through the haze of she mesmerization for a way out of the room . the door she come in must have shut , but she can see no open in any wall . no handle . 29 . all she can see be she tiny figure catch in reflection ec - hoing back and forth to infinity . int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day now blanc step back , way back . she take a different posi - tion this time , and as she do , tanner move into a new posi - tion . the two woman make a triangle now , with susie as its vertex . blanc remember , start on one with the mus - — ic . if you feel ill , stop at once . it 's a odd thing to say , but susie have to get she mind in - side what 's about to happen . she nod at blanc . she 's ready . blanc ( cont 'd ) and -- susie and the music begin . int . marko company , '' mirrore '' studio -- day olga be lose in the reflection . she can only slowly look from one to the other , study they for a chink , something that can indicate a way out . as she turn again , she head snap back with the force of a invisible blow . for a moment , she see the center of a blue iris . the blow be so powerful it dislocate one side of she jaw out of its hinge . she make a terrify sound . int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day susie pull she leg back from a kick , but do not lunge , it be a hard kick . she then move into a series of turn that set up the next kick . when she kick out -- int . marko company , '' mirrore '' studio -- day olga 's throat be punch in , as be the scream it shock out of she . the SOUND she make instead be horrible to hear . she go to she knee , one hand on she crush windpipe . a pair of successive blow break rib and crack she stern - um . all of the damage be happen under she skin . there be no blood , just agony . she be try to cry out , but can only make a horrible mewling sound . the next kick dislocate a shoulder . 30 . int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day susie be give the dance everything she have . it be violent and beautiful to watch . blanc shoot out a hand and snap to danielle , hiss : blanc keep up -- miss tanner be watch , arm fold , like a proud papa . miss tanner ( in a whisper ) brava brava brava -- the force of susie 's movement be be intensify exponenti - ally somehow and transfer to olga . intercut between the two studio : we watch susie move through the rest of the solo . olga move from be beat to be pulverize . as muscle be separa - ted from bone , and bone be break , she silhouette become increasingly uncanny . we see olga 's , susie 's , and blanc 's eye in close up . olga be in trauma , susie be in ecstacy , and blanc have a melancholy in she expression . she take no joy , apparently , in this via do - lorosa . olga 's form cease to look human , though it be not yet finish - ed be alive . finally , susie finish the dance and have to sit immediately on the floor to keep from vomit . for a moment no one help she , so astonished be they . then blanc get down on she knee at susie 's side . intercut end . blanc it 's all pass . you be not the first dancer to lose the room . susie I be not usually dizzy . blanc it 's my fault . I could not help my - self . Sara -- take she upstairs now . she can spend the day there . ( get up , to susie ) a collapse be a vocational hazard I be afraid . 31 . susie I do not collapse . blanc you be on the floor . and that 's not how the dance end , cher . susie get up on she own . she 's defensive for some reason . susie I be try not to throw up in you studio . blanc susie , it 's all right ! it be win - derful . I will send miss vendegast with you lunch early . you be pro - bably jet-lagged as well . Sara and susie head for the door . when they be out of ear - shot , Sara whisper : SARA that be fuck incredible -- the other girl all watch they leave . Madame blanc say to miss tanner , lightly : blanc what a surprise . olga always make that piece look like such heavy lift . the comment have its intend effect . the girl look inspire . CUT to : int . marko company , susie 's room -- dusk susie be in she room , unpack . she look a little hollow out from the event of the afternoon . she can hear the other girl go about they evening rou - tine . someone be hang a poster . there be hammering . she can hear she own name now and then as well , but not what 's be say about she . she step to the close door to listen , but there be a knock and miss vendegast come in with a tray of lidd plastic cup . all have be label with initial . most be full of urine . miss vendegast how be you feel , susie ? 32 . miss vendegast hand she a cup with she initial on it . miss vendegast ( cont ’d ) we do this several time a year . unannounce . I need you to fill it . susie I just go a little while ago -- miss vendegast half be fine . susie take the cup and go into the little wc in the hall . she close the door and get ready to try to fill it . miss vendegast hum to cover the noise . int . marko company , resident 's wc -- dusk susie hold the cup and try to pee . the wc be tiny . miss vendegast ( 0.s. ) I have also bring the residency form we will need you to read and sign . I leave they in you room -- then memory come to susie , forcefully : CUT to : ext . ohio farmhouse -- day work be be do on the house , shingles be hammered into place . a gaggle of mennonite girl can be see play '' crack the whip '' outside , laugh in they pastel dress . there be carnal murmurings come from inside the house , out one of the window screen . the girl hear it and come over to peer inside . girl 's Pov : Young susie 's foot be extend out of the clo - set . she be lie inside , masturbate . one of the girl run to fetch someone . in a moment , susie 's mother come in and find she . susie' mother be young here , healthy , not the ravage will - man from the open credit . susie ( 13 ) be lie on she back with she mennonite dress pull up , bonnet off . susie 's mother reach in and yank susie up by she hair . susie steady herself on the door jamb . susie 's sister look on in horror from the window . some of the man have come down off the roof as well to see what 's go on . 33 . susie it 's all a rhythm , momma . you draw it with you finger -- susie 's mother see she finger in the crack in the thin , slatted closet door and piston it shut . susie pull she hand free and hold it to she mouth , but even then she eye smile into she mother 's blast of shame . back to : int . marko company , resident 's wc -- dusk in the little wc , susie think of this while she urine begin to flow into the cup . int . marko company , susie 's room -- dusk close on : susie place she urine sample with the other . miss vendegast ( 0.s. ) if you feel up to it , Madame blanc invite you to join she for dinner in a hour . shall I tell she you 'il come ? CUT to : int . marko company , '' mirrore '' studio -- dusk the light be still on in the mirrore studio . olga 's be - main lie on the floor . one eye peer up out of the uncanny mess . a single drop of blood stain it . blanc and several other matron watch as miss holzmann ( 40s ) and miss cotugno ( 5as ) place silver hook under olga 's arm to drag she out of the room . it 's clear from blanc 's expression that the damage cause to olga be worse than what she have expect . tanner come to she side . miss tanner she could not have know what she be do -- blanc no . she just carry more current than we expect . she 's a natural , that one . Madame blanc be try to contain she own excitement now . CUT to : 34 . int . klemperer 's apartment , sitting room -- dusk Dr. klemperer sit in he office , stare in the middle dis - tance . the last light in the sky be fade . the frame photo of he wife smile at he . he 's get Patricia 's pale notebook open on he desk . we see name we know -- M. blanc , SARA , olga , helena marko -- and name we do not . it be also jamme with little exhibit from Patricia 's life -- ticket stub from concert , newspaper clipping about terrorist action around Berlin , more than a few program from dance performance . one section have drawing of some iconographic symbol , as if from some vulgar religion . it be this symbology that unset - tle klemperer most . he close the notebook and pick up the phone . he dial . voice on phone << Police . what be the nature of you call ? >> klemperer look on the verge of hang up , but he do not . klemperer << I be report a young woman who may be miss . >> voice on phone << hold the line . >> CUT to : int . marko company , stair and corridor -- night miss vendegast guide susie down two flight of stair and into the staff section of the building . they talk along the way , but the acoustic of the building muffle it . miss ven - degast knock on blanc 's door . after a moment , blanc answer , wear now a japanese silk tunic . she be smile when she open the door , but when she see susie , it fade . blanc you do not look better . or be you this pale all the time --? blanc nod at miss vendegast , who go , and let susie in . CUT to : 35 . int . marko company , blanc 's office -- night Madame blanc 's office be a beaux - Arts beauty . its curve wall be paint with a long japanese garden . a small table be laid with dinner , which susie and blanc be finish . a arch lead into a dark , smaller circular room that must be blanc 's private studio . Light from the office glint off some kind of lacquer screen there . blanc it 's different from be amish , then ? susie yes . the amish split from the menno - nite in the 17th century . blanc why ? susie they worried the mennonite be be - come too liberal . but they still believe many of the same thing . blanc such as ? susie adult baptism . plain clothing . non - resistance . blanc '' they '' ? not '' we '' ? have you leave be - ligious think behind you ? susie offer a small nod . blanc ( cont 'd ) oligarch write for patriarch . ( beat ) you do not like to talk about this . susie I do not know why we be . blanc I find it hard not to be curious about you . in two day you have man - age to audition , be accept , and dance a lead . blanc smile . 36 . blanc ( cont 'd ) I be not try to make you self - con - scious . susie I come here to dance . blanc but how have you even hear of we ? susie I go to New York . to the martha Graham Center . I see you there three time . blanc you parent take you ? susie I go by bus once and hitchhike the other time . blanc be not that dangerous ? susie shrug . blanc ( cont 'd ) be you punish for it ? susie of course . a beat . blanc be move . she take susie 's hand for a moment . blanc that 's extraordinary . ( beat ) you be right to insist on a audition . susie I be lucky you be do volk . some of the choreography make sense to I , some do not . I remember the one that make sense . white STAR do . this do . all the solos from xenos - — a odd beat . blanc all mine . ( beat ) ( more ) 37 . blanc ( cont 'd ) how do it feel to dance volk today in front of the one who make it ? susie I do not know how to put it -- blanc actually , do not . that 's a vain question . let I ask a different one : while you dance it , what be happen inside you -- in you body ? susie think . susie it feel like what I think it must feel like to fuck . blanc ( curious , but unfaze ) do you mean fuck a man ? susie no . I be think of a animal . blanc you look joyful . in pain , but in joy as well . susie nod . a long beat . blanc smile , sincerely . blanc ( cont 'd ) we do not teach dance here , susie . we assume dancer come train . you be not . I do not exactly understand what you be yet , but I will ask can - roline to help you with you jump and leap . your be nowhere near good enough yet . we must build you up now . susie so I can dance the volk protagon - ist when you perform it ? a beat . blanc lean back in she chair . blanc I will have to see you do that level of dance again and again . the sim - plicity of the choreography be a illusion . it 's intuitive to watch and painful to do . ( more ) 38 . blanc ( cont 'd ) we perform next month . i’1l have to grind you to get there in time . susie I can do it . blanc I do not have many option , actually . and I have rather have some - one on who 's messy , but alive than another olga . she be a matryoshka doll with leg . I be relieved she 's go . ( beat ) thank you for you help in that . blanc watch susie 's reaction closely , but there do not seem to be any complicity in it . just grateful excitement . int . marko company , susie 's room -- night when susie get back to she room , Sara poke she head in . susie motion she to come in and close the door behind she . she grab Sara 's hand . susie I do not know it be go to be like this ! she 's so nice . ( beat ) and she want I to dance in volk . the protagonist ! Sara nod , but with less energy than susie be expect . susie ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? SARA yes . I be fine . I be just think about olga . -- about what she say today . susie remember . susie I be sorry . I be on my own little shoot star today . when everyone be so upset -- Sara look at susie . SARA if I ask you for a favor tomor - row , would you do it ? ( more ) 39 . SARA ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) we might get catch . CUT to : int . marko company , staff kitchen -- night in the staff kitchen , tanner and a few of the other matron be finish they own dinner . miss tanner << thing can be hone . blanc be go - ing to work out another approach . how could we have know what would happen ? what we be attempt have - — not be do in live memory . >> miss kaplitt << how do we know it will work at all ? if it kill one girl , it may kill any we try . >> miss tanner << Patricia be unwilling . blanc believe that be the key . >> miss kaplitt << it be more than that . >> miss tanner << no . we should not have force it . what a fool . what we offer she ! she want to blow up depart - ment store instead . >> miss huller , smoking a cigarette over she pork chop , say : miss huller << how do we know no one 's plan to blow we up , too . Patricia might have say anything to anyone about we . anyone might have follow she here . >> miss tanner << if she do , we will know . we can - not despair . we have time yet . >> from the other end of the table , miss mark ( 5as ) speak up . miss mark << how much time ? the vote be a mistake . ( more ) 40 . miss mark ( cont 'd ) if markos die before we can figure this out , we be finish . >> several of the woman be make frighten by this conversa - tion . miss tanner << markos have strength leave in she . she will wait until we find another girl . >> miss mark << you have see she ! she have disease stack atop disease . how long can she possibly hold on ? >> without warning , miss griffith , the secretary from the front office , take a knife from the table and cut she own throat . the woman on either side of she can not stop she in time . a shocked beat . then everyone move at once to lay she down and put pressure on the bleed . someone elevate she leg . miss griffith look up at they all as the life drain out of she , already shiver . miss millius << stay with we ! please , stay ! >> tanner shout to the woman close to the door . miss tanner << find blanc now ! >> CUT to : int . marko company , susie 's room -- night susie be sleep , deep in a dream . her breathe be not the only breathing in the room . int . catacomb -- night ( dream ) susie walk through catacomb in she dream . a font of pure white flame light up the bony corridor as she go . her foot be bare . body , bent to every attitude - - or collect and store by part -- line every inch of wall and ceiling , all leathery , all still . she go from chamber to chamber . if something catch she eye , she approach , no matter if it be low or high up it be . physics do not matter here . she peer into the face of a dre - — sed bride hang from the ceiling . she peer into the face of a row of young boy seat on the floor along the wall , all dress in woolen suit and cap . 41 . all the while , the font lead she to the sound of her own breathing . CUT to : ext . marko company -- dawn the street be empty in the early , frosty morning . at the front door of the company stand detective halle ( 40 ) and do - tective moser ( 60 ) . they have knock . they stomp they foot to stay warm and moser knock again . in a moment , the door be open by miss vendegast . detective halle << good morning , ma ’‘am . we would like to talk to someone in charge , Mrs. markos if she 's here , about a girl name -- ( look at he notepad ) hingle . Patricia hingle . >> miss vendegast say nothing , but he respond as if she have . detective halle ( cont ’d ) << someone name '' blanc , '' then . >> miss vendegast << yes . I be she . why do not you fol - low I inside ? >> she stand aside to let they in and they disappear inside the building mark '' tanz . '' CUT to : int . marko company , staircase / corridor -- day Sara lead susie down to the first level , past room where member of the Corps be rehearse with the répétiteur , and then further into the building . they come down a corridor and hear some laughter come from a further office , but the rest of the floor be quiet . they find a door mark : '' miss martincin , accountant '' '' miss holzmann , tour director '' it be unlock . they slip in and close the door silently be - hind they . int . marko company , accountant 's office -- day in a back room of the office , Sara and susie move to a alcove where there be half a dozen filing cabinet . they be all lock . 42 . Sara look through the nearest desk and find a nail file in miss martincin 's drawer . she proceed to slide it into a gap above the drawer , find the latch , and nudge it open . susie keep look toward the door . the first cabinet be not what they be look for . but the second be personnel file , include a file for each dancer . Sara quickly scan through they . SARA Patricia 's be not here anymore . susie try olga 's . Sara look . SARA everyone 's here but they . susie look at through everything on miss martincin 's desk , in she inbox , but there 's nothing . Sara check the rolodex , flipping through the type card . a bad reproduction of John atkinson grimshaw 's '' the Lady of shalott ii '' hang over the desk , ignore they . SARA ( cont ’d ) I just need a number . for a parent -- or anyone who can tell we for sure she 's not in Berlin . susie hold up a hand , hearing something . the breakfast bell . susie maybe olga will come back on she own , when she cool off . SARA then why remove she file ? as if she be never here . susie blanc may not want she back even if she do come . a dead end . Sara shrug , not happy . she toss the nail file back in the drawer and something catch she eye . she pull the desk drawer out even further and find , in the back : at least a dozen tube of lipstick , wear to vary degree . and at least as many little eye shadow . 43 . int . corridor , marko company -- day they come silently back out into the corridor . as they turn to head back , another burst of laughter come from a back of - fice . there be something mock in it . susie take a step away from Sara to look discreetly around the next corner . through a door that 's half open , susie can see through one office into the next . susie' Pov : detective halle and moser stand expressionless and naked before miss tanner , miss huller , and miss vende - gast , they cock hang out . moser 's body be paunchy , with a scar from a bullet wound on he side . halle have tattoo like a longshoreman and trace of a athletic past lose to beer and schnitzel . miss huller step into view behind ven - degast and tanner . the woman recline in they chair , chat - ting over what they like . a image flash in susie 's head next : detective halle raise up in some kind of web . his mouth be cover with it , so he be silent . he hang in a restless void , in some kind of sus - tain animal release . susie step back out of view , jolted by this image . Sara have not see what she 's see , so susie steer she back toward the staircase to the first floor . susie look back once , but say nothing . CUT to : int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day susie and Sara be in rehearsal . caroline smoke between they . Madame blanc be walk among they . miss Mandel and miss millius be also there . blanc now that you be warm up , I want to tell you some news that might ex - cite you : in addition to put on volk this fall , we will start work - ing on something new . of my own . this cause a frisson of excitement among the dancer . blanc ( cont 'd ) and there 's no protagonist in this dance . instead , we have five equal main part , and a equal number of secondary part . today , we will im - provise , by my direction , with mis - — ses Mandel and millius . ( more ) 44 , blanc ( cont 'd ) caroline , Sonia , and Sara also come up . you be the five . caroline , Sara , and Sonia step forward . susie watch , wait - ing , already know there will be something for she . blanc ( cont 'd ) susie you will improvise with no direction . I be interested in you instinct here . consider yourself a radical libre , move around the other as you choose . susie come forward . everyone around she be experience a shift in attitude about she . the creator have choose she muse and , as member of a company , the other must abide . but one can feel how badly they want it to be they , to be close to blanc , and if not she , than close now to susie . blanc ( cont 'd ) there be basic nine movement to use . miss Mandel will show you -- susie what be the piece call ? . blanc '' offnen weider . " '' OPEN again . " CUT to : all six dancer be in motion . the five principal be ina formation , a kind of rotate crown , pulsing in and out . susie dart among they . within she improvisation , she find herself pay increase attention to the floor . she come to one particular spot , dance over it , come to it again . finally , she find herself reach out to it , touch the spot , put she torso on it , then she face . it 's strange . blanc be watch she closely , wonder what could be prompt - ing this . then it dawns on she . she shoot a look at tanner , who level a mildly defiant look back . then blanc look back at the spot on the floor . int . marko company , blanc 's office -- day blanc have bring miss tanner to she office . she be enraged . blanc << you should have tell I . >> 45 . miss tanner << why ? mother want it . she want to feel susie for herself . be in the same space . >> blanc << I think we agree to stop use that title . >> miss tanner << markos be and will always be we mother . >> blanc << it 's offensive . if markos be truly a mother , we would not need to save she life . >> miss tanner << you should have tell she about miss bannion yourself . now mother want she . >> blanc << and if miss bannion do not want markos ? be we to waste another girl so quickly ? >> miss tanner << you mean waste another dancer . you be go to keep she for you - self , blanc . or be it that you do not want markos to survive ? >> blanc << I want what 's best for all . >> miss tanner << everyone vote . you be not the light we choose to follow . if markos want this girl , you must prepare she . >> ( sincerely ) << markos will live . we find the girl in time . >> a beat . it 's not exactly how she would put it . blanc << I will not rush again . I will tell markos when the girl be ready . she must be make to be willing . I will not do it any other way . >> 46 . int . stairway / resident 's corridor , marko company -- day after rehearsal , susie and Sara walk back to they corridor . susie be a little disturb . SARA something in the sequence -- the ones-to-two . I have never see she use that move that way before . ( beat ) it 's exquisite . the whole thing . susie do anything -- happen to you dur - ing it ? SARA what do you mean ? susie you do not feel someone there ? SARA someone ? susie consider this . she say , more to herself . susie it be markos . a beat . Sara look at she . SARA what make you say that ? susie I do not know . SARA ( louder than she mean ) so why say it ? susie I do not mean to make you upset -- SARA it 's just -- ( beat ) it 's the sort of thing Patricia would say . do not start bugging out at nothing , too . I could not handle it . they get to they floor and stop at the top of the stair . 47 . suddenly there be a scream in one of the room . excite panic . Sara and susie go toward it , alarmed . they see girl racing to they room . SARA ( cont ’d ) what 's go on ?! one of the dancer , marketa ( 20 ) , tell they , breathlessly . marketa bowie 's do a surprise concert tonight at s036 ! for '' helden '' ! it be just on the radio -- ( almost hysterical ) if we stand a chance of get in we have get to go now ! Sara run for she room . Sonia and caroline come march down the hall in ruffle coat , all gloss up now . Sonia scream : sonia '' the future belong to that who can hear it coming !!! " CUT to : int . club so36 -- night the girl be cramme into the intimate venue , under rack of hot light , thirty foot from david bowie ( 30 ) , who be in the middle of '' beauty and the Beast . '' david bowie that 's my kind of highroad , go wrong . my-my , smile at least . you can not say no to the beauty and the Beast . the crowd be hopping up and down the beat , more of less in unison . the other be ecstatic , but susie be have trouble stay in the moment . she 's hearing breathing , sigh , even here . david bowie ( cont 'd ) something in the night . something in the day . nothing be wrong . but something 's in the way . she cover she ear , but the sigh remain . CUT to : 48. ext . berlin , STREET -- night the girl walk home from the concert , excited , sate . they come to a platz across which they can see cafe . Sara notice the dance matron sit outside one and point . there Pov : Madame blanc , miss tanner , miss millius , miss man - del , miss huller , pavla , miss vendegast , and a few other , be gather around cafe table push together , have a ev- ening as well . they be brazenly unfashionable . all of Berlin go on around they , take no notice . ext . berlin , cafe -- night none of the woman turn to look at the girl across the street , but they know they be there . Madame blanc tell the other : blanc << it 's good for she to see we like this . that we be still part of the world . >> miss tanner ( casually ) << she 's already see a lot . >> miss millius << see with she heart . maybe she even sense what 's come . it 's not far off now . >> miss mandel << what about the witness ? it be not too early to discuss this . who will be we witness there ? >> miss millius << one of we new friend from the polizei ? >> miss huller << I like the young one . >> they laugh all over again . miss huller be a bit more serious about the question . miss huller ( cont ’d ) << we be forget . we already have a witness . >> CUT to : 49 . int . marko company , sara' room -- night the muffle sound of women laughing , return from a night out , can be hear in Sara 's room . Sara be not quite asleep . she hear it . it sound like it 's come from the opposite direction than the hallway , though . int . marko company , susie 's room -- night susie be deeply , almost hypnotically , asleep now , deep in a dream . int . mutterhaus , the room of hole -- night ( dream ) susie be naked , sit on the floor , leg spread , knee up , chest -to-back in a tight line with the other girl . she can not move she arm . she look and see the floor be full of smooth hole cut out of the wooden studio floor . woman be reach up from below through the hole to hold the girl 's wrist so they can not get up . the room be enormous and dim , but susie can see other matron around they , stay a few step back . the other girl be get increasingly panicked . some be cry , begging to be let free . a sound be in the room with they . a wet , disease breathe . at the front of the line , a woman float forward . she be three foot off the ground . she spread she robe and she hea - vyset , age torso can be vaguely see in the dark . something be drip from between she leg . as she levitate over the first girl -- robe slide over the girl 's shoulder -- the girl turn she face away from the drip come from above , be - pulse and afraid . so do the next girl , and the next . the woman on the periphery be chant in the whisper : witch '' mother be ! mother is! mother be ! '' susie be try to fight down she own panic . she 's shaking . the mother approach just overhead . susie make a decision : she throw back she head , open she mouth , stick out she ton - gue to receive the blood . back to : int . susie' room , marko company -- night susie shout , with urgency and defensiveness : susie I know who I be . I know who I am ! 50 . Sara be suddenly there , shaking susie awake . SARA it 's all right . it 's all right ! susie be awake in a snap , able to separate thing quickly . caroline and another dancer , doll ( 30 ) stick they sleepy face in as well . caroline be she all right ? SARA just a nightmare . doll the markos company special . I be surprised it take this long . they disappear from the door . susie I be sorry . I be -- do I wake you up ? SARA I be come back from the toilet . you scared the hell out of I , though . ( beat ) move over . a beat before she realize Sara be serious . susie scoot over to make room in the bed . susie I never have a sleepover . just my sister -- SARA well , we be sister now be not we ? Sara close she eye , happy , and try to fall back into it . susie first one back to sleep win . susie keep she eye open , alert . she 's jolted . and learn . CUT to : ext . east berlin , friedrichstrabe -- day klemperer sit at he small fountain in the stonework , finish - ing he breakfast ritual . he get up and say to the air : 51 . klemperer << tomorrow , then . >> int . tranenpalast -- day klemperer wait to come back into West Berlin in the Soviet - run '' Palace of tear , '' name so for all the tearful goodby of family , friend , and lover separate again to two side of a wall that may not permit any further reunion . klemperer , who do not have this particular kind of tear , just wait to be let through . int . bundeskriminalamt , waiting area -- day back in West Berlin , klemperer wait in the reception area of a Federal criminal Police Station . the wait room be pack - ed . a television hang from the ceiling show footage of the hijacked lufthansa at yet another airport . now it 's in mogadi - shu . klemperer sit in front of a row of poster with a bka logo at the top and the headline '' terroristen . '' they feature pho - tos of dozen and dozen of man and woman , some with name , other with question mark . some be cross out . there 's a photo that look a lot like Patricia , which be not cross out . int . bundeskriminalamt , agent office -- day klemperer sit down with bka agent albrecht ( 40 ) and agent glockner ( 40 ) . any person pass in the hall cause the a - gent to glance up as if they be wait to be summon to break news . but each person pass by . a crucifix hang on the wall . one of the Agents be a religi - ous man . klemperer << the officer say they find no - thing amiss . but I - - feel , perhaps , they never go . >> agent albrecht << it 's not really you place to speculate on that . do we agree ? >> klemperer know how to respond to question like this . he look at the desk and nod . agent albrecht ( cont ’d ) << you say it 's a dance school ? >> 52 . klemperer << not a school , but yes , for dance - rs. >> agent albrecht << she have be threaten there ? >> klemperer think for a moment how to answer . klemperer << I think it 's more . she have a de - lusion about there be a coven of witch at the company . she have this delusion for month . >> ( beat ) << at the center be a woman she call '' mother markos . '' it only just occur to I since she have be miss that she delusion could be real . >> agent glockener smile , irritate . klemperer do not . agent albrecht << you believe in witch , Doctor ? ( beat ) do you understand the kind of week we be have ? >> klemperer << not the element about witch , but the one about a organization operate in secret . >> this pull the agent 's attention in . they stop tracking what 's go on in the corridor and give klemperer they full attention . klemperer ( cont ’d ) << I have write the name of woman she mention specifically . >> he pull a slip from he wallet and give it to they . we see the name '' Mandel , '' '' millius , '' '' huller , '' '' tanner , '' '' blanc '' and , of course '' markos . '' agent albrecht << and miss hingle . do she have political affiliation , too ? >> klemperer lie with ease about this . 53. klemperer << not to my knowledge . ( beat ) I just want to be certain she be safe . >> CUT to : int . bundeskriminalamt , corridor -- day agent glockner escort klemperer out . agent glockner << you do right to come . if you see miss hingle call we immediate - ly . but we will look into this . >> klemperer say through a joyless smile : klemperer << this be not the first time we have meet , agent glockner . >> glockner just look at he , not make a connection . klemperer ( cont ’d ) << you be a police officer in schéneberg , yes ? you help I try to locate my wife . >> he look at klemperer , suspicious now . glockner << you wife also go miss ? >> klemperer << two year before the Russian charge . >> glockner 's suspicion fade and be replace by a kind of pity . klemperer ( cont ’d ) << anke Zisman . 1943 . from the record , you help I cross off Poland . I be still grateful . >> CUT to : int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day the company be rehearse '' volk . '' they dance a long portion without stop . 54 . some of the dancer be wear different costume prototype . miss huller , the production designer , stand with blanc , com - ment on the nuance of each option . susie be refining every move . she be push out of a sa - vant 's intuition into she choreographer 's intention . all the dancer be tune in , but get exhaust . they reach a place where blanc call a stop . she immediately come over to susie to confer . blanc part of a jump be muscle , and that will improve as you condition , Su - sie , but you have a aversion to they and I do not know why . you be happy to be stick to the Earth ? some of the dancer laugh . susie do as well . she shake she head . blanc ( cont 'd ) there be a yield before the push you be not quite understanding . car - oline -- do a series , please . susie watch closely . caroline do several jump in succession . blanc ( cont 'd ) now you . susie attempt the same move . they be not as high or as pre - cisely articulate . susie ( frustrated ) what I really want be to be on the floor here anyway . blanc of course you do . you be mistake a limitation for a artistic prefer - ence . susie at this point , the jump be oppos - ing the pull of the structure , but it 's soon for that , no ? the roll and ground move be keep the o- the dancer push down -- ( beat ) this could echo that on a slightly higher point of elevation . 55 . susie do a grotesque , fast crawl lope over the floor . it be a truly strange movement . blanc watch she , not defensive - ly , but really listen . susie ( cont 'd ) if I stay close to the ground now and go straight into the leap where you have they later , be not that more to the point ? the resis - — tance be more desperate , no ? a beat as blanc consider , then reject this . blanc you insight 's impressive . you interpretation , less so . susie wait for more , still catch she breath . blanc ( cont 'd ) this dance come out of live in Berlin during the Reich , something you have no way of climb inside . if you think I be indicate level of resistance with level of height you have not only misunderstand the dance , but my character as well . susie concede with a nod . blanc ( cont 'd ) you may become a great choreogra - pher . but not before you be a great dancer . let 's get you in the air first . ( beginning again ) allez ! CUT to : after rehearsal , the dancer pick up they thing and begin filing out . blanc pack up she bag , she back to everyone . sa - rarr go to susie . SARA we be go to the ufer for coffee . blanc ( without turn ) susie , hold on a moment -- a beat . susie look at blanc 's back , and shrug to Sara . Sara give she a supportive smile and head out with the other . 56 . we then watch blanc 's face in closeup we see the dancer lea - ving over she shoulder . as they go : caroline collapse in the doorway and begin sei - zing . blanc turn and rush to she side . she have to climb o- ver caroline 's jerk leg and torso to get out in the hall where the girl 's head be . blanc keep she from swallow she tongue . the other dancer watch from both out in the hall and inside the studio , alarmed , helpless . CUT to : int . marko company , residence corridor -- day Sara , Sonia , and marketa look in on caroline . she 's propped up in bed , with color in she cheek . dr . bischoff ( 5as ) be there , consulting with miss vendegast . the girl pull on they coat and head downstairs . susie be nowhere around . ext . marko company -- day Sara , Sonia , and marketa come out into the sunlight and cold and enter the flow of the sidewalk traffic . sonia she hit she head hard . I hear it . I hope nothing come of that . marketa she do not eat enough . we all tell she . they get only a quarter of a block before a old man stand up from a bench and step forward . it 's Dr. klemperer . klemperer I be look for a dancer . from you markos company -- marketa who be you look for ? but he already know the answer . he step up to Sara . klemperer you be Sara ? 57 . marketa and Sonia look at Sara , who be look at klemperer try to place he . she have no idea who he be . CUT to : int . marko company , corridor -- day Madame blanc bring susie a little further into the company . susie be do a admirable job of hide she nerve , have no idea what be about to happen next . blanc say , mildly : blanc certainly , part of the issue be -- and always be -- not be able to see you body in space . one angle , in a mirror , or even on film , be not enough . int . marko company , '' mirrore '' studio -- day blanc bring susie into a small , pitch black studio and turn on the light . susie see reflection of herself and blanc ev- erywhere she turn . she smile . this be the same studio where olga be kill . the parquet be recently polished . the mirror clean and streakless . blanc there 's a reason the tour en l’air be mostly give to man in ballet . they have the strength to achieve it . but it 's wrong to think of the goal as height . the goal be have enough space under you . you two - to - twos be very close to fine , but the one - to- one you have to think of differently . every movement that take air must be a coup de foudre . susie I do not understand what that mean . blanc a strike of lightning ! a bolt of sudden love , actually . Graham use to say : '' every dance be a fever chart . a graph of the heart . '' though she be explain , blanc be be more vulnerable than a teacher would be . it carry a very light erotic charge . susie that 's beautiful . you dance be beautiful like that . 58 . blanc no , susie . never . there be two thing dance can not be anymore -- '' cheerful , '' and '' beautiful . '' we be woman , be not we . we must break the nose of every beautiful thing . susie nod , try to understand . she look at the floor and , for one moment , she see the parquet in a jumble of piece as it must have look when it be be laid , then rotting from disrepair . this image come in a flash and then be go . Su - sie catch she breath . blanc ( cont 'd ) ( directly ) if you be go to dance , you must learn one of the language of dance . it should be french . you 'il never learn Russian if you be only start now . you have go insane -- ( beat ) be you warm enough here ? susie yes , thank you . blanc stretch if you need to . otherwise let 's watch you jump , here , where you can see every angle . susie ready herself and try a jump . it be inch higher . blanc watch she closely to see if she understand what have happen . susie try again and can feel the difference . susie be clearly understanding something . something momentous have happen . her jump look exactly like caroline 's in they form . they may in fact somehow be caroline 's . this be a crucial moment and blanc know it . if susie back away from what 's happen , all be lose . but susie look she in the eye and tell she : susie you see ? sometimes I only need to be tell twice . blanc 's relief be huge . she laugh , delighted , and in she laugh , you can see the young woman she must have be at Su - sie 's age . susie can not help but laugh as well . CUT to : 59 . int . berlin , cafe in the tiergarten -- day Sara have accompany Dr. klemperer into the tiergarten where they sit at a window table that look out onto the park . on a tv : the news be show lufthansa flight 181 on the air - strip in Mogadishu . the dead body of one of the hostage be unceremoniously toss down to the tarmac . the other patron in the restaurant be watch this , they back to klemperer and Sara . klemperer she say she be go to come back for you . that she have leave a note -- Sara shake she head , touch even in she confusion . SARA I do not know what to make of any of this . I know the kind of thing she be involved with , but I do not see how any of it could be happen in - side the company . klemperer she describe it in term of a revo - lutionary movement in a moment of crisis . a crisis of leadership , and mandate . stay underground , or come out in force . stasis , reinvestion , or extinction . SARA I live there . I have friend there . I do not see any evidence of this at all . ( beat ) no one have ever approach I , or any of the other girl as far as I know -- klemperer read this . klemperer take out Patricia 's yellow notebook . he turn to a particular passage and wait for Sara to read it . she do , and then look up at he in surprise . SARA but this say '' witch . '' klemperer put he hand together , as if ground himself . 60 . klemperer mother markos . mother meinhoff . dance rehearsal , political action , paranoia . in Patricia 's life , this thing be of equal influence . and that be how transference happen , how delusion be make . a delusion be a truth that tell a lie , Sara . ( beat ) Patricia 's fantasy might have be she way of processing another form of oppression or intellectual manipulation . SARA the company be a -- family . there 's a lot of love there . klemperer Love and anarchy have live in the same house for century . they be forever friend . SARA I sorry . I do not see this . klemperer there may be thing the police miss . Patricia talk about whole secret part of the building . actu - al room that be hide -- Sara look at he , put something together . but she dis - miss it immediately . klemperer ( cont ’d ) -- where a chapter could meet , or a cell could use as its base . but Sara get up and collect she purse . klemperer ( cont ’d ) miss -- SARA I do not want to be disrespectful , Doctor . I do not . but you be ask I and I be tell you : it 's a dance company . we be not talk about anything else . I be sorry . klemperer look harder . 61 . SARA thank you for caring about patric - ia . but I hope you do not come again . she leave . klemperer can not run after she , so he be force to watch she stride off . she do not look back . ext . berlin , tiergarten -- day Sara walk far enough away to be out of klemperer 's view be - fore she slow down again . she rub she neck , look very unsure and alone . CUT to : int . marko company , basement laundry room -- day Sonia and doll be in the company basement use the wash machine in the costume department to do they personal wash . caroline be with they , back on she foot . they be talk o- ver the noise of the machine . doll if they be not already , they will be . I have never see blanc take to a girl like this . caroline still , she be good . doll she 's good , but she 's a péquenaud . sonia I hear she 's from some kind of be - ligious family . from Pennsylvania -- Sonia glance behind she and see caroline be on the floor a - gain , seize even harder this time . CUT to : ext . berlin , potzdamer platz -- day berliner come home from work be treat to a odd site : a dozen of the markos company matron have come out in start - ling costume of black crepe that begin high over they head and flow to the ground . they face be hide . 62 . they have put out the markos company 's insignia with a time and date below it on the pavement and perform a public dance to advertise the company 's performance of '' volk , '' happen in one week 's time . they chant , to a slow drum : matron come , come , come and see . come and see the daughter . as dance , it be something subtle and new . as a invitation , it be a little unnerve . they do gather a crowd , however . CUT to : int . marko company , resident 's corridor -- night most of the dancer have go to bed . it be just before mid - night . there be a few still brush they tooth , brush out they hair for the night , write letter . the last laugh of the night can be hear , the last switch off of a radio . one of two more door shut for the night . Sara down the corridor with she shower bucket and see : there be no light under susie 's door . she almost knock . int . marko company , sara' room -- night Sara sit up in she desk chair , try not to fall asleep . she nod off , then snap awake . she pinch herself , hard . fi - nally , she hear what she have be wait for : mute sound and voice like the other night . she get up and go to put she ear on the wall . it 's there , behind the wall . she move to one corner and go on she knee to listen in the corner . it 's louder there . then the voice behind the wall pass the room . Sara mark the spot where she 's listen and the quickly follow the voice . they climb up the wall until she lose they at the top of the other side . what 's hide between she and susie 's room be a stairway . int . marko company , residence corridor -- night Sara come out to the corridor that link the two resident 's hallway . she stand at the midpoint between she room and Su - sie 's . the shade hall sconce be turn on low , but it 's e- nough for she to see . start at this midway point , she walk toward the shadowy main stairway and count she step . 63 . susie -- 39 . 40 . 41 . 42 . int . marko company , corridor -- night she come down a floor and count step lead back in the same direction . she hit a wall be inside the recess door of a big exercise room . the recess be deep , about four foot . the stairway must keep descend . int . marko company , corridor -- night she come down one more floor and count she 42 step . she end up at the door to the '' mirrore '' studio . the company be not heat as warmly at night and she be shi - vering in just she nightgown . she go in , but do not turn on the light until she shut the door behind she . the light can be see in the crack under the door . int . marko company , '' mirrore '' studio -- night Sara know more or less which mirrore section of wall to go to from inferr where the secret stair come down . she try push on it , pull . she run a finger as far into the crack between mirror as she can . nothing move or sug - gest movement , until she try the lip of the wainscot , which pull up as if on a hinge . and then the whole wall pan - el open like a door . int . mutterhaus , first room -- night Sara have to open the door wide to let in the light from the '' mir-ror '' studio enough to see . this be a small room with elegant shelf on every wall . on the shelf be not the stack of anarchist flier , lamina - ting machine for fake document , and firearm she might have be expect . what she find be dozen of object make of silver or porcelain . some be figurative : a trio of woman , some mythical beast , a dog . some vaguely echo body part and genitals . some look to be tool for some arcane function or another . there be a smaller wooden door opposite the entrance which must be where the staircase begin . Sara try it , but this one be lock . she can hear air rush under the crack be - neath it . the SOUND be hypnotic . feeling like she 's already overstaye a prudent amount of time , she take one of the object from the shelf -- a silver hook -- and step back out into the studio . 64 . int . marko company , '' mirrore '' studio -- night she close up the door and make sure it 's flush with the mirrore panel beside it . then she hide the silver hook in she nightgown , turn off the light and go out . CUT to : ext . berlin , street -- day on the street , berliner head to work watch television in a display window . a german special force unit board luft - hansa flight 181 in the night , kill three of the four hi - jacker , and apprehend the last . the hostage be in the air again , this time head home to Germany where they will be receive with a heroes 's welcome . int . berlin , office -- day worker who have arrive early to they office be gather around television there when the news break that all of the raf prisoner at mannheim prison be just discover dead in they cell after a apparent '' suicide pact . '' int . marko company , sonia 's room -- day dancer from the company be watch this news in they pa - jama , on a television set olga leave behind . some be cry . Sonia say , to no one : sonia that 's it for hann -martin schley - er . they have get no reason to return he alive now . susie be the first to notice : susie where 's Sara ? CUT to : ext . friedrichstrabe -- day Sara be follow direction she 's write out . she turn off a main street and into the little alley that end at klemper - er 's building . int . klemperer 's apartment , kitchen -- day Sara and Dr. klemperer be in he study . every now and then frau sesame glance at they , but they be far away and speak - ing English . she see Sara take a odd silver hook out of she backpack . 65 . int . klemperer 's apartment , sitting room -- day Sara be listen to klemperer intently . klemperer she write of '' Three mother '' lose to time , predate all Christian in - vention . pre-devil . they be the source of all energy and chaos : mother tenebrarum , mother lachryma - rum , and mother suspiriorum . Dark - ness , tear , and sigh . SARA I see likeness of they in the room last night . in porcelain . very fine thing . they have money . klemperer Patricia name markos as a devotee of the Three mother , and who , in fact , think she be one of they for a time , but who be now ill and die . Sara bite she thumbnail . she see the photograph of klemper - er 's wife on the bookshelf . she take it in , then look away . klemperer ( cont ’d ) Patricia think they be try to recruit she . Groom she . for a place in the matriarchy . that be how Patricia describe they goal : Change violent enough to take we back to a time of matriarchy . the question be whether to enact this change in moderation from the sha - dow , or step into a new era of pub - lic work and constant recruitment . she talk about '' markosite '' who be for the former and '' blanc - — ite '' who be for the later . SARA ( horrify , disappointed ) Madame blanc be involved in this ? Sara look at the silver hook now lie on the table . in the full light of day , it just seem bizarre . SARA ( cont ’d ) do they think they be witch ? 66 . klemperer I do not believe in magic . people can organize themselves to perpe - trate a evil and call it magic . that I can believe . and you can give someone you delusion . that 's religion -- that be the Reich -- ( beat ) the Reich have this thing , too . esoteric insignia . esoteric ritual . the important thing be that what you find point to some kind of un - derground organization inside the company . this three '' mother '' could simply be code name for founding member , they history metaphoric . ( beat ) I think you be live with very dan - gerous people , Sara . incindiary . SARA then Patricia could still be in there . in the building , I mean . they could be hold she -- klemperer I cannot promise the authority will come to look at a closet full of porcelain and one lock door . not this week , of all week . so stay safe . alert . until they come . Sara begin to gather she thing . klemperer put a hand on she arm . klemperer ( cont 'd ) ( be : the hook ) in fact , leave this here , or put it back . but do not let they find it on you , Sara . Sara think it over . she stand and shake klemperer 's hand . she leave it on the table and go . ext . berlin , platz -- day head home , Sara skirt another protest . this one be get - ting out of control . the police be no longer at a distance take photo . they be at attention with riot shield and gun ready on they hip . the crowd wave photo of baader , ensslin , and raspe . they be all scream : 67 . crowd << murder !!! murder !!! murder !!! >> CUT to : int . marko company , MAIN stage -- day the tech team , lead by miss kaplitt ( 5as ) , be building the set for the production of volk . lighting be be rig and test - ed . a small house orchestra be rehearse . int . marko company , dressing hall -- day the dancer be get fitting and haircut in preparation . Sara be get she costume alter . behind she , miss Marks be cut susie 's hair in silence . the chattier miss balfour ( 40s ) be trimming caroline 's hair , talk to caroline in french . miss chalise << madam want no bang on anyone this year . I ask she how be I suppose to remove they if a girl have cut they this way already ? she do not have a answer , of course , as she do not cut hair . but , the Madame want the Madame want , and so I must do . thank God you do not have they . >> caroline be beginning to tear up , look more and more des - perate . susie watch this in she mirror . what 's go on ? ev - ery word of miss chalise seem to be confusing she more . miss chalise ( cont ’d ) << you use to wear bang when you first arrive , no ? ( wait for she answer ) do I dream that up ? >> finally , caroline pull off she salon cape and rush from the room . Sara look at susie in the mirror , then run after she . susie watch they go . int . marko company , basement corridor -- day Sara catch up with caroline , who have hide in one of the basement practice room and back into a corner . she be cry - ing so hard , Sara can barely understand she . Sara take both she hand . SARA what be it ?! 68. caroline part of I -- be just fall off . tomorrow I might not even be able to talk at all , or dance , or even remember who I be ! SARA you have a condition -- caroline look at she , incredulous . caroline I have never have seizure before this week ! Sara have only see the one in rehearsal . SARA you have have more than one ? what do they say at the hospital ? caroline I do not go to a hospital . blanc bring a doctor to I . int . marko company , dressing hall -- day susie watch in the mirror as caroline 's hair be sweep up and throw into a garbage pail . then she watch miss Marks sweep hers up , but the woman carry the dust pan full of it out of the room . CUT to : int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day the full company rehearse volk , spread across the stage like a community in tatter , which group up and fall apart in a syncopate rhythm to the score . even amid the dance , Sara be now pay closer attention to Madame blanc . she watch as susie make all of she jump and landing . and blanc say nothing about it . Sara be try to think of any other interpretation , frantic to explain what she be see any other way . when the dance break for a moment , blanc step in to give susie a adjust - ment . she can not hear the note clearly . but she can hear it 's in french . 69 . when she look back to blanc , blanc glance over at Sara as she have a million time , but this time it feel ambiguous and terrifying . CUT to : int . marko company , corridor / '' white '' studio -- day when the girl come back through the corridor , Sara appear , grab susie 's hand . she pull she into the '' White '' studio out of view and earshot of another . this be the room where susie first audition . SARA be it true ? after all ? be it true -- ( beat ) tell I . susie Sara , calm down -- SARA and do not lie ! be you make some kind of bargain of you own with they ? ( beat ) how can you know what thing they will ask of you in return ?! what horrible thing ! please tell I it 's not too late -- susie whatever you have in you mind , nothing 's wrong . look at I ! Sara ! SARA you be lie right now . Sara plead she with she eye , frighten and heartsick . susie take she hand , smile , reassure she . susie nothing horrible be happen , or will happen -- SARA you just have not get the bill . susie nothing 's wrong . believe I . every - one 's wound up right now . do not let it get to you , too . Sara want badly to believe she . 70 . susie hug she , and Sara let she . but susie 's private expre - sion reveal Sara 's word have sink in . priest ( v.o . ) be any among you sick ? let he call for the elder of the church ; and let they pray over he , anoint he with oil in the name of the Lord . CUT to : ext . ohio farmhouse , adult 's bedroom -- day a mennonite priest ( 40s ) be praying at the bedside of Mrs. bannion , sick with advanced cancer as she be in the open credit . priest and the prayer of faith shall save he that be sick , and the Lord shall raise he up ; and if he have commit sin -- Mrs. bannion interrupt he with three heavy word : mrs . bannion my last - child - susie 's sister , and some of the neighbor who have come to sit watch over Mrs. bannion , bristle at this . priest it shall be forgiven he -- the telephone begin ringing downstair . mrs . bannion my last child be -- my sin . I see the tempter in she and do not see it -- for what it be . she be quiet in its service for -- so long . ( beat ) she be my sin . she be what I have smear upon the world -- the telephone continue ringing . one of susie 's twin sister naomi ( 20 ) upset by what she mother be say , run out of the room to answer . int . ohio farmhouse , kitchen -- day the telephone 's inside a cabinet . naomi open it and answer . 71 . naomi ( thickly ) bannion house . the other end be silent , but she can hear other people talk - ing , though muffle . it do not sound like English . she sit up . naomi ( cont 'd ) susanna ? nothing . naomi ( cont 'd ) susanna . do not hang up ! ( beat ) be you all right ? everyone be wor - rie for you . pastor Pat tell moth - if you come home and return the mon - ey , you will be restore . he forgive you . mother forgive you . we all forgive you . she listen to the silence on the other end . the faint sound of other people 's laughter in the background . naomi ( cont 'd ) mother 's uncomfortable all the time now . she be not sleep . everyone be pitching in . the doder especial - ly . they come every night . ( beat ) mother ask for you every day . ten time a day . be you really so far ? ( beat ) do you have nothing to say ? nothing . naomi wait a long beat , tear come to she eye . naomi ( cont 'd ) if you do not come soon , you will not see mother again , susanna . ( wait , one last beat ) I be put down the phone now . I love you . and then she hang up . back to : int . telecom CENTER , berlin -- dusk susie be in a plexiglas telecom booth , surround by Berlin - er in the middle of happier call . she put she phone down . 72 . she 's not cry , but she 's freeze , numb , unsure what to do to move forward . CUT to : int . marko company , blanc 's office -- night Madame blanc be at she desk , write a letter , when a small knock come at she door . blanc entre . it be susie . she step in and shut the door . blanc see she be at a turn point . susie take off she coat . blanc ( cont 'd ) do you want to talk or dance ? susie dance . Madame blanc get to she foot . int . marko company , blanc 's studio -- night blanc take susie into she private studio , adjacent to she office . it 's the small , circular studio , with all the lac - — quere screen . there be no mirror visible . susie take off she sweater . say to blanc , oddly affectless tonight : susie show I something new . we see blanc dance for the first time and she talk as she show susie some new movement . blanc Movement be never mute . it be a language . most dance be illegible , make by people who cannot read it . ( beat ) but , in fact , it be a series of energistic creation write in the air . like word form sentence . like poem . prayer . susie spell -- blanc ignore this literal nudge for now . 73 . blanc and like sentence , a few letter can be off , or badly write , and the meaning be still there . and that be the difference between you and you sister here , susie . I have no trouble read you , nor do the other matron . ( beat ) we all see you , susie . all of we . susie all of you . blanc to the very top . blanc watch susie react to this with a simple nod . as they be talk , blanc begin show susie how to move , get close to she . blanc ( cont 'd ) you could be a great , great dancer . but whose dance you choose to dance and why will mean everything . which - ever dance you choose , you will create in yourself the image of its creator , who will need you to empty yourself out so she can be radical to she creation and work through you . do you understand ? who you do it for must be you choice , and a choice you can cherish . forever . blanc move behind she and raise she arm . blanc ( cont 'd ) you be in a company now . you must find you right place . what part of the company do you want to be ? not its foot . other girl can be its foot . its head ? its heart ? back - bone ? its sex ? susie its hand . I want to be this com - pany 's hand . blanc seem to like this answer . CUT to : 74. int . marko company , sara' room -- night Sara lie awake . she hear susie return for the night . after a moment , she get out of bed . int . marko company , resident 's corridor -- night she come around the corner to susie 's door and see it be close . there be no light under it . she quietly knock , but susie do not answer . int . susie' room , marko company -- night susie lie in bed , awake . she hear Sara 's voice whisper : SARA I be not leave you here , susie . I be not leave without you . then she be go . this make the part of susie who be simply a young woman who need she friend smile . she close she eye to sleep amid the breathing that have join she again . fade to black . on a television : a news story play about the burial of the raf prisoner in a stuttgart cemetery . thousands of protest - or silently observe the burial . polizei with machine gun be post everywhere . news reporter << in response to local protester who want to keep baader , ensslin , and raspe from be interred here , stuttgart Mayor manfre rommel , son of field Marshall irwin rommel , be - mark : '' I will not accept that there should be first - and second - class cemetery . '' he declare , pas - sionately : '' all enmity should cease after death . '' ( beat ) echoing in a sharper sentiment , bka commissioner horst harold tell the press : '' the baader - meinhoff era be do . the so-called '' german Autumn '' be over . '' >> 75 . ext . berlin -- day fall march toward winter . leave be all in the street now . CUT to : int . marko company , second floor corridor -- day miss tanner be come out of blanc 's office , which she lock behind she . she be balance a pile of thin box , perfor - mance gift for the dancer . all of tanner 's key be on a knotted ribbon . she put they in she pocket . int . marko company , MAIN stage -- day final check be be do on light and sound before the door be open to begin let in audience member for the company 's performance . all of the dancer and matron be in the theatre prepare for the show . int . marko company , dressing room -- day susie sit get she makeup do by miss chalice . she see Sara be not anywhere around . susie have you see Sara yet ? miss chalise she come in early . want she hair and makeup first . then she leave . int . marko company , tech stair -- day one of the technician , judith ( 20 ) open a side door and find miss tanner on the floor surround by box . she have fall down the stair , only now just regain she wit . judith help she sit up . judith << what happen ? >> tanner touch she head . it 's tender , but there be no blood . miss tanner << I must have fall . >> int . marko company , corridor -- day Sara come hurry down the hall , make up for the perform - ance , miss tanner 's ribbon of key in she fist as well as a flashlight . when she get to door of the '' mirrore '' Studio , she let herself in and lock it behind she . 76 . int . mutterhaus , first room -- day Sara let herself into the first secret room behind the mir - rore panel and go to the lock door inside . she begin to try out key , one after another . there must be thirty on miss tanner 's ring . Air move under the door play a low note a- cross the jamb . the door spring open and Sara find herself look up a nar - row , steep stairway . she hesitates only briefly , then go . int . mutterhaus , stairway -- day the stairway be light by small electric sconce as she make she way up it , silently as she can . it move upward past she and susie 's room . then , when it crest the next floor , it begin descend again , widen as it go , become some - thing quite grand by the time it reach the back part of the building use by the coven , the '' mutterhaus . '' int . mutterhaus , the approach -- day Sara find herself in a huge , curve arcade that arc around before end at a open archway . the architecture be quickly morph into something hyper-organic and fluid , a emphatic sort of art nouveau . there be nowhere to hide if she hear anyone come . Sara be terrify . CUT to : int . dressing room , marko company -- day all of the dancer be gather , make up and costume . miss millius ten minute ! ten minute ! susie be look around for Sara , who be still not among they . the girl seem concerned about it , but not the matron . susie grow truly worried . CUT to : ext . marko company -- day klemperer come up the sidewalk to the company and head to the theatre entrance on one side . he be nervous as well . he show he ticket to miss huller , who give he a smile and gesture he inside . 77 . int . theatre , marko company -- day miss Mandel escort klemperer to he seat . the audience be fill up to a full house . he regards she , and the other com - pany woman , with what he think be a discreet eye . when he look around the theatre , he begin to see some of the icon - ography render in Patricia 's journal around he here . it be unnerve to he . CUT to : int . the room of compartment , mutterhaus -- day Sara come into a huge tube-shape room . at the opposite end be a arch with further room beyond . Sara move forward , but she notice , all along the wall of this room , be triangle - shape recess in shadow . she stop . she can see in one the shape of a leg , as if someone be crouching there . she almost scream , but keep she wit . tremble , she slow - ly go toward whoever it be , flashlight up , but then , impo - sibly , someone in another recess call she name . patricia ( 0.s. ) Sara . the person lean out and Sara can see in she light : it be Patricia . she run and kneel at she side . Patricia 's ina strange state -- slow , dry-voice , and cold to touch . patricia I wake up here every day now . Patricia speak in a normal voice . Sara 's be hushed . SARA stand up ! come on ! I know how to get out . -- take my jacket . patricia she 's inside I . she want I to hold you . Sara pull Patricia out of the shadow and see , with horror , she 's pale . her eye be rimmed in pale flesh . her face be a dead girl 's face , but without the stiffness of death . all she feature hang down . her jaw be slack . Sara take she wrist and check for a pulse . there must not be one . Sara begin to cry . Patricia delicately pull she wrist out of Sara 's grip and reverse thing so that she be now hold Sara 's wrist . 78 . someone be come down the passage Sara 's just come from . she can hear it . patricia they 's 11 take you now . Sara panic and try to get up , but Patricia grip she . patricia ( cont ’d ) she show I thing . on the side of a coffin I think be my rest . she 's hold it , hold it back -- show - ing I thing on the side , like this -- a new expression come into he face . blank and cold . a few other girl come out from other alcove , to come hold Sara . a sound of terror escape Sara 's lip against she will . patricia ( cont ’d ) a ribbon . for my face . we be it - red . we be so tired . Sara pull free from Patricia , and run past the other girl and through the arch just as the figure of a number of mat - ron appear in the door Sara come in . she only see they for a split second , but they be naked . int . mutterhaus , the room of hole -- day Sara run into the next room , a dark room , the edge of which she cannot see . it 's the room about which susie dream , with the hole in the floor , but Sara do not see they in time . within a few step she put she leg into one . her momentum carry she forward and she shin snap . she shriek and crash - es to the ground . she awkwardly get she leg out and begin to back away from the door , drag the it along with she . the matron come in - to the room and see she injury . miss millius keep still , Sara . lie still . some , who be dancer , be in good shape for they age . other , who work in administrative capacity , sag . they be all smile , sort of dance around the hole in the floor . a few have some of the implement from the first room in they hand . Sara be frighten to the point to frenzy , but also pa - ralyze now somehow . she can not move at all . she beg instead . 79 . SARA forgive I ! please ! I want to help ! I didn ’t know ! don ’t do any - thing -- the matron come in , with calming voice . pavla go about set Sara 's leg . it must be very painful , but they hypno - tize she as they work and she resist less and less . finally , miss vendegast put she hand over Sara 's cry brown eye . CUT to : int . marko company , MAIN stage -- day the dancer take they place on stage behind the curtain , check last look in a mirror there . susie look back one last time and see : Sara 's place be still empty . int . marko company , theatre -- day the audience be full , except for one ambiguously empty seat next to klemperer . the audience be light up when the curtain ascend . the drum begin . he try to find Sara on the stage among the company , but can not . as the company perform volk , we cut back and forth between the follow : klemperer realize Sara be miss . he look around for she , finally see the only empty seat in the house be next to he . some of the company matron position around the room be watch he casually as much as they be watch the performance . he realize this . susie slowly let go of she concern for Sara and become the dance . everything begin to fade for susie except the spell in the air she be create with she movement , and blanc who be in one of the wing connect with she in she mind . all be the dance . all be the dance . the piece be remarkable , give the audience the feel of a entire community shattered , but still function . at one point , susie reject the leap and go off -book , incorpora - ting the lope crawl she offer in rehearsal . it 's strange and upsetting , but galvanize to the whole . miss tanner , who be stand beside blanc mutter : miss tanner << this girl be ready , blanc . it 's time . >> 80 . but beside she , blanc 's have a orgasm she can barely hide . somewhere in the middle of the dance , Sara , flat of affect and somehow walk on she break leg , shamble onto the stage and take she place in the performance . note : astute member of the audience may realize susie and Sara have switch eye color . susie 's be now brown , in keep - ing with what be apparently Madame blanc 's preference , and Sara 's be now blue . it 's perverse . unnecessary . the use of power to feed a fetish . Patricia have this brown eye . olga have they . and now susie do as well . the other dancer make room for Sara , and then , one - by-one , really see she . Sara 's set , but still - break , leg be swollen under she leotard . dancer close to she can hear the fractur - ed bone grind together as she dance . Sara 's face be as rigid in its expression of calm as a doll 's . the audience remain unaware , except for klemperer , who be watch she too closely not to notice . finally , just at the end of the dance , susie turn and see Sara for herself . she stop dance and take a step toward she . as the curtain come down , Sara collapse . she fall within sight of one of the '' last look '' mirror . she see herself break , humiliate , die . she see that a change have be make to she face . her eye be now blue . Su - sie 's eye . Three thing happen at once : 1 . ) Madame blanc rush from the wing and kneel at Sara 's side . susie slowly come over , not want to see what they have do to Sara , but draw by the girl 's suffer . blanc someone please call Dr. bischoff . 2 . ) as everyone in the audience stand to start shuffle toward the exit , obtuse to what be go on behind the cur - tain , two plainclothes bka agent , include agent albrecht , begin move toward the stage , fast . 3 . ) klemperer also make he way toward the stage , ignore the matron 's gaze . he climb up the stair to the wing as quickly as he can manage , and from there see everyone crowd - ed around Sara . the bka Agents have take miss tanner aside and be grill she , but she discreetly stop both with a hand . klemperer can see Sara look directly at he through the chaos of girl around she . 81. she register he be there and start to move she hand , then she arm , with great effort . she curl she hand back toward she face and , with one shaking finger , call he attention to she now - blue eye . he stand there , stunne , face down what he would have con - sider a hour ago to be impossible beyond consideration . blanc and susie see Sara 's attention focus and look to where she be look . klemperer meet they eye and both blanc and susie know : this be the man who call the police . this be the man who direct the attention of the bka to they . this be the man to whom Patricia refer to they as '' witch . '' there be nothing klemperer can do to help Sara anymore from this woman . so he turn and flee . CUT to : ext . tiergarten , berlin -- night Dr. klemperer walk home through Berlin 's tiergarten . there be people out , but the night be come on windy . a dog run up and stop ten foot in front of he , directly in he path . it have stop before another dog 's turd , which be not even dry . the dog push the turd toward klemperer , and then bare its tooth as if grin . klemperer freeze , wait to see if the dog will run at he . it do not . it gallop off into the darken tree instead . CUT to : int . marko company , resident 's corridor -- night that night be a somber one on the dormitory floor . all the girl be quiet , many in bed early . some have leave flower in Sara 's make bed , or note and card . int . marko company , susie 's room -- night susie lie in bed . at some point , she can hear women pass behind the wall . someone open she door . it be blanc . she come in and sit on the edge of the bed . blanc be you frighten , susie ? susie no. ( beat ) what will they say happen to Sara ? 82 . blanc I be worried about you . susie I be sorry I go off book . blanc nearly respond , but finally do not . a beat . susie ( cont 'd ) it 's all a mess , be not it ? the mess out there . the one in here . the mess that 's come . the mess that be . ( beat ) why be people always so ready to think the worst be over ? blanc I could explain it to you . I think I have be wrong to , though . susie ask suddenly : susie because you love I ? blanc look troubled by this , frighten herself . blanc just close you eye and sleep . no more dream tonight . susie take blanc 's hand for a moment , squeeze it in thanks , and say : susie for everything . CUT to : int . marko company , '' Iris '' studio -- day with volk behind they , the company be hard at work on be - hearse OPEN again . susie be fully in the free radical role . she be astonish to watch . her brown eye be now a fact of who she be . no one comment , either by choice or suggestion . blanc push susie , as well as the other , very hard . at a break , she hand out black sashes . some of the dancer begin put they around they waist , but blanc tell they : blanc I want you to trust you movement , you placement . ( more ) 83. blanc ( cont 'd ) this be for you eye . move to you start mark and put this over they . they all go to the top of the dance , find they place , tie on blindfold , and begin again with the music . it must be have - ry difficult , but they be learn it very precisely . blanc ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid of it . you foot know where to go . CUT to : int . marko company , susie 's room -- dusk something be come . energy be gather and susie can feel they . she dress for dinner and put on she coat . she button it up to she chin . CUT to : int . klemperer 's apartment , sitting room -- dusk frau sesame be in the kitchen , humming and make the soup , oblivious . she hear the front door close and go out to see , with surprise , that klemperer have leave . she call after he , down the stair : frau sesame << but Doctor , it be almost ready ! >> he do not answer . she come back inside , perplex , even a little afraid . ext . berlin , paulstrabe -- dusk klemperer come down a dark street and onto a bridge over the River spree . he be struggle under the weight of something he be carry over he shoulder . it be Patricia 's duffle . her other bag be in he hand . it 's a cold enough night that he can see the edge of the riv - er icing up , so he go further out to the middle of the span over black churn water . he flip the bag and duffle over the side and listen to they splash below . only then do he look to see they be go . he take the silver body hook out of he coat and throw it into the spree as well . then he begin to cry . he be a man who can only feel guilt as he again watch evil approach . CUT to : 84. ext . berlin , STREET -- dusk the entire company , along with most of the matron , walk a- long in high spirit . int . berlin , paris bar -- dusk the company be give the back table at a busy cafe . susie sit at one end with Sonia , marketa , and doll . the matron gather at the other . blanc be there , as be tanner , Mandel , and millius . vendegast sit beside danielle , who 's high laugh have already begin . miss huller and pavla be not present . miss tanner Girls ! remember the limit ! nine mark . other than that , choose as you like . you have earn it . susie have not be absorb into any clique since Sara 's de - parture . she 's with the group , but not of it anymore . susie seem to understand tonight be mean to be the night for whatever be go to be ask of she . she seem hypervig - ilent , but not afraid . the matron certainly understand it . they be already celebrate the end to they long season of worry . only blanc look disconsolate . CUT to : ext . east berlin , friedrichstrabe -- dusk klemperer have come into East Germany tonight . but when he get to the fountain where he usually sit , a woman ( 60 ) be sit there . as he walk toward she , he recognize more and more of she posture , the set of she head . he walk faster to she , when he be almost behind she , she turn . it be the woman from the photo in he sit room , age thir - ty year . Love fill she face . '' nke " jozef . CUT to : int . paris bar , berlin -- night the girl eat and drink everything in front of they . the mat -— ron have order food , but none of they touch it . 85 . susie notice this , but no one else seem to . she put she fork down and abstain as well . CUT to : ext . west berlin -- night klemperer and '' anke '' walk together through the city , back into West Berlin . when they get to the checkpoint , they walk through it unaccost . none of the guard seem to notice . '' nke " << Karol have tell they about I . he betrayed we . I have minute to get out . I could not find you . I travel - ed on foot to try for teplice where I plan to ask mirek 's family to take I in , but I be catch at the border and take to terezin . >> klemperer try to interject the first of what must be a mile - lion regret and apology , but she stop he -- she want to tell he everything first . she caress he face and he grab she hand as if it be a bird about to fly away . '' bnke '' ( cont 'd ) << after the liberation I make my way to Zurich , and then to Milan . I have have a life there . a lovely life . I be tell you have die in the invasion . >> klemperer just shake he head and let he eye go cloudy with tear . they come up the friedrichstrabe , but when klemperer try to lead she in the direction of he apartment , she take he arm and turn he down kochstrage , in another direction . CUT to : int . berlin , paris bar -- night the girl be quite drunk now . susie notice blanc look at she and the other matron look at the girl with grow excitement . tanner be make she way around the table , touch - ing each girl as she go , rendering each one a little thick - er in affect , hazier in look , beginning a process of mesmeri - zation . she do not touch susie . 86 . the breathing in susie 's head be grow louder , but she seem no longer even intimidate by it . it 's simply the sound of something come now , possibly something great . susie ( v.o. ) I ‘’1l go walk in the street . blanc be look at she , as if she might cry . after a beat , she thought respond . susie can hear they now . blanc ( v.o . ) if you be sure . ( beat ) give we time . there be much to be do . susie get up to go . the other matron watch she with genuine warmth now . CUT to : ext . marko company -- night as they walk , klemperer be both aware and unaware they be walk toward the markos company . he be now a man thoroughly distract by he most cherish dream . it begin to snow . they arrive at the company building , all dark now except for a light on at the entrance . '' anke '' stop and embrace he . before he can protest , the company 's front door open behind they . woman come out . and , like a man slip under dark wat - er , he feel himself be take in . '' anke '' become recognizable as miss huller , who be now laugh - ing . CUT to : ext . the street of berlin -- night susie begin to walk , take in the early stir of Berlin night life . as she walk , the breathing be with she , but some - thing odd begin happen as well . her awareness begin to focus on little moment of sadness or aggression . she can hear a couple argue quietly a block away . berliner # 1 << it be wrong to take you father 's money . he pay rent , too , and without a income . >> 87 . in a pass car , a child spill a soda on the leather seat . then she see the boy 's father angrily shove the can into he son 's face when he discover it twenty minute from now . she see a man photograph damage do to he suit shop with a brownie camera , then the stormtrooper kick the win - dow in . she 's go forward and backward in time and taste all the flavor of the continue patriarchy . she see the Berlin Wall be put up , be tear down . she can see a skinhead almost tenderly polish he he 10 - hole boot , then later wiping blood off they . group of Muslim man in keffiyeh take flag of Jordan out of plastic sleeve , the price tag still on they , even as someone burn they . she ob - serve a light window in which a young woman be arrest by ss , then the same woman , elderly now , call in a prescription be - fill , introduce herself as a patient number . elderly woman << Three four oh oh two . Seven one one nine . >> susie be not afraid of what she 's see , or of where it belong in history . once she adjust to it , she walk flushed and amaze through this mirage as if through a great muse - um , humble by she proximity to thing that so delight she . the sighing in she head play as its accompaniment . int . mutterhaus , first room -- night as Dr. klemperer be lead into the mutterhaus , he see miss huller replace the silver body hook on its shelf , somehow retrieve from the spree . it be cover with river mud . miss huller << how dirty he make it ! >> they lead he over the threshhold and onto the first of the stair . klemperer << pity ! -- have pity ! >> miss huller << what reason be there to pity you ? you have five year to get you wife out of Berlin before arrest begin . >> they proceed to lead he up the stair and then disappear over the arc of the passageway . 88 . miss huller ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) << when woman tell you the truth , you do not pity they . you tell they they be delusional ! >> the witch laugh at klemperer now , even as he beg they . CUT to : int . berlin , ice cream parlour -- night susie have go into a shop and eat a ice cream sundae in the front window , like a child might , watch the parade of history pass by outside . CUT to : int . marko company , entrance hall / stair -- night susie come in from the snowy night to find the building emp - ty and silent . she can occasionally hear a burst of laughter from far , far away . she climb the stair , the dust of clean snow melting on the shoulder of she coat . int . marko company , residence corridor -- night she can now definitely hear there be a great party go on somewhere behind the wall . no one else be on the floor , but this do not surprise susie . int . marko company , susie 's room -- night susie come into she room to find , laid out on she bed , a long , simple shift dress . as she be put it on , the light waver outside she door and she can see the small font of white flame there , wait . int . mutterhaus , stair / approach / tube / room of hole -- night susie find she way into the mutterhaus , lead by the font . she climb the secret stair and find the approach . she come in - to the tube room , then through the room of hole . Beyond it , there be more stair . all the light and noise be come from below now . she will see it in a moment . int . mutterhaus , room of feast -- night susie come down a set of stair that lead to another . the first be part of the building , but the second -- blanc and a bent woman , misshapen with disease and support by matron , wait near the top of this final staircase . 89 . from here there be a view of all below . susie see a great room in which a hideous , raucous tableau be take place . all the matron be seat around the huge triangular table . the table be now set with all nature of arcane dish and crockery . they be feast . the feast room have three high stone arch lead to a vast and separate darkness in each direction . susie notice klemperer , stripped naked now , have be put in the center space inside the triangle the table form . the matron taunt he , summoning he from one to the next where he be make to eat victual off of they plate -- some of which look like stool , some like organ , perhaps from animal , per - hap not . he be mutter : klemperer << I be not guilty ! I remember ! I be a innocent ! >> his jowl be stain . he be force to take wine from the mar - tron 's own laugh mouth . susie next notice three girl be serve the matron . all have mask depict the face of the the mother . mother of tear , mother of shadows , and mother of sigh . susie can see from the tone of they flesh they be dead . one of the girl , the one mask as mother suspiriorum , have notice she also . she stand look up at susie until she be call back into service . the dead girl serve the matron who , in turn , needle into the girl 's open palm with special tine so the girl 's dead blood sauce they plate . some of the matron have notice susie at the top of the stair as well . they raise they cup in she direction , with toast and great , heaving smile . blanc ( 0.s. ) susie . do not you know who this be ? susie look . the bent old woman beside blanc be look at she , study she . this be helena marko (??? ) . she be hard to look at , so weigh down and disfigure by tumor be she . some lay flat , other be raise up on stalk like wart . she be cover by they , make pregnant by they . she be a horrific vision of age on a human form -- not the normal way age treat the body , but the product of time be turn back again and again until the skin and tissue cannot hold so many contradiction . she look angry to be so tired . 90 . susie nod . she perform the slight bow . susie I be ready , Madame . blanc nod , but do not respond . susie say to she directly : susie ( cont 'd ) you look afraid . markos laugh . it be the sound of amused air climb past whatever tumor lie within . marko she 's afraid for you , dear . ( beat ) do you know what we have plan for you ? there will be nothing of you leave inside . only space . for I . susie I come here for this . I know that now . susie hold out she hand . blanc take it . susie ( cont 'd ) I want what 's come . ( beat ) you have all wait long enough . markos give she a almost lascivious look . susie listen to marko 's labored breathing . this be not the breathe she 's have in she head all this time . this speak only of illness , not of the entire language susie have be hearing within the sigh . then markos slowly raise a hand . within second , the woman below all see the gesture and quiet . marko let it begin ! in the name of the mother . let it begin ! susie watch as the plate be remove with ritualistic pre - cision . the table be dismantle and take to the side lea - ving a empty space in the center of the room . a great music begin . klemperer be take to the base of the staircase to witness what be about to happen . the three dead girl hold the three golden leash fix around he neck . susie see the rest of the girl from the company step into the space , entrance somehow , and blindfolded . gl . they begin the choreography of OPEN again . they do not seem to know where they be , they just dance . the matron down on the floor dance among they . all the woman be nude . every shape and state of the female body be on display . a low drone begin out of the air , take its vibration from the spell of the dance . the girl begin dance backward now , like a tide go out . then forward again , coax something to come forward from the infinite space beyond the room . helena marko they be summoning what we need . susie death . helena marko what do you think be happen , girl ? susie a ritual . to renew you . helena marko '' renew '' be a beautiful word . do you come to this willingly ? susie I do . blanc you must have no doubt , susie . if you do , I will take you back . take all of this out of you head . you can forget everything . markos laugh , smugly . helena marko except you jump . and you kick and leap and roll -- blanc I would like this to be pure . helena marko we know what you would like . ( aggressive ) this be not vanity ! who know how much longer we must march forward ? susie I can be both . 92 . blanc look at susie , then at markos . blanc you see ? she do not understand ! blanc step forward , but markos hold she with a look . susie I do . helena marko she understand enough . on the floor , girl . in the vastness beyond the arch opposite the stair , where light and darkness meet , something be assemble itself . it can be feel before it can be see . some of the matron be sense it . blanc be sense it . two matron , miss millius and huller , step forward to help susie out of she clothes . susie be show to the floor where she kneel and lay of the cold stone . the matron take she arm to the side . susie turn she face down . markos slowly stand . blanc something 's wrong . you do not feel it --? under the arch , a wet blackness be assemble into be . blanc ( cont 'd ) markos , this be not right . let she up --! but with a gesture , markos make a dash with she hand out at blanc and blanc 's neck be chop from behind . blanc crumple to she knee and slump back against the wall . the chop have severe she spine , but not she trachea . her head slide of - rward until it be stop by she chest . then it sit there , face cast downward . susie hear this take place , but do not dare look . markos turn she attention back to susie . helena marko we have be on two side of this too long . you want this , girl ? susie yes. 93. helena marko if you accept I , and accept what we seek , you must put down the will - man who bore you to the world . susie close she eye . she concentrate on the breathing , the sigh in she head , pull it into she own rhythm . helena marko ( cont ’d ) think of that false mother now , lie in she reek of pain . release she from you . you have the mother you need now . death to any other mother . susie I be the mother . markos look down at she , not sure she 's hear correctly . the dance and sing be frantic , but the witch be not prepare for what happen next . something black and drip with the energy of its passage into the world ride out of the space beneath the arch and be suddenly in the room with they . some of the matron scream and move back from it . it 's clear nothing like this have be see before in this room . other be steadfast and continue dance , terrify , some within foot of it . the mesmerize , blindfolded girl remain in the dance unaware . markos herself be look at the black thing in confuse awe . she glance over at blanc , concerned now that blanc be behind this , or understand it . but it be susie who look up at markos . susie ( cont 'd ) you have play at this long enough . markos open she mouth in shock . she hiss : helena marko who be you ? susie whom be you anoint for ? which of the Three ? helena marko mother suspiriorum , girl . susie say , simply , finally come into she full identity . 94 . susie I be she . at the bottom of the stair , the girl dress as mother Su - spiriorum hear this and take off she mask . it be Sara . she look up at susie , and hold out the mask . reverently . SARA the mother ! the mother ! other who have support markos from the start begin to cry , or wail out . what be happen be akin to Jesus Christ he - self walk into a modern Easter service . no one be prepar - ed for one of the Three mother be among they . markos look down at susie , the first twitch of astonishment enter she withere face . susie death to any other mother . the black form hear this and spare no glance around , but carry itself up the stair , past a terrify klemperer , to - ward markos , low to the ground like susie 's improvisation , fast as the shadow of a eclipse crossing the land . as it climb , two thing happen simultaneously : int . ohio farmhouse , adult 's bedroom -- day Mrs. bannion lie , daze and pale , in she sick bed . several neighbor woman have collect there and be quietly sing a hymn . Mrs. bannion fade in and out , in a dream or memory : a young susie ( 10 ) be in home school class . she be mean to be memorize a map of the United States , but keep turn she workbook back to another page . the girl want to look at the shape of Europe instead . Mrs. bannion , who be teach she , snap the page back , impatiently , as if for the tenth time . she hiss : mrs . bannion susannah . ten-year-old susie look up at she , unintimidate , even toler - ant for now . but Mrs. bannion be lift from this memory as something en - ter the room with she . she have a fraction of a second to see the shadow 's face before it overtake she . naomi , who have be sit with the neighbor woman , mend , look up now into the dead face of she mother . 95 . int . mutterhaus , room of feast -- night death reach markos , rear up , and tear through the woman 's meager magical defense , then through she flesh . susie get slowly to she foot to watch . when it be finish , it go lope back down the stair to every markosite in the room . they see it come and scream -- miss Mandel and millius , miss balfour , miss huller , miss Marks , pavla , miss verdigast , and alberta . the black thing cut they down in its kill ebb , leave the blancites un - touch . then be uncoil into the void beyond . tanner be spare . she 's weep , weep . the remain witch find they voice and begin to scream praise . they think they be about to witness the rebirth of they leader helena markos , and instead they have see the arrival of one of the very mother they have only read about for cen - tury . matron in the room mutter ! mutter ! mutter suspiriorum ! as susie walk down the stair , the font of light burn over she head , scatter all shadow , all ambiguity . up close to it , as susie be , one can hear the sound of ten thousand for - est burning in it . she reach up and pull she throat open along a vertical to form a new mouth to speak out of . when she reach the bottom , where Sara stand , she take the mask from she and put it aside . then she take off olga 's , and then Patricia 's , who have come forward , and set they a- side . she lead they into a dance , tell they as they go : susie / mother suspiriorum I be here now ! I be with you ! they eye be rimmed with white . they dance for a time until susie recognize they be sad in they state . patricia mother , we be so tired . susie / mother suspiriorum what do you ask ? patricia to die ! to die ! 96 . she place a hand briefly on olga 's ruin face , then patri - cia 's , and let they die mortal death . she and Sara dance for a time until Sara say to she : SARA mother , please . susie / mother suspiriorum what do you ask ? SARA to die ! and susie put she hand briefly on Sara 's face , like a lover would , and then over it until she fall away , as if froma great height , from the mortal world into death . susie dance in solo then , charge the air , the room , the coven with she power . finally , she call out to the other witch : susie / mother suspiriorum it be beautiful ! beautiful ! contin - ue the dance ! the dancer wind back up again , but with a force that give the impression susie be control they now . she enter the dance , lead it , lead it into the air , with no underfoot or overhead , just circle and circle of power . klemperer be watch all of this unfold , he mind at the edge of ruin . fade to black : ext . berlin , street -- dawn susie be walk down the center of the street through the snow . it squeal under she boot . light be burn in some window , but not many people be out yet . she walk with a gait and confidence that be itself nearly a dance . this be she city now , its people she people . CUT to : int . mutterhaus , room of feast -- day the remain matron be beginning the long process of clean the room of feast . they remove the stain linen from the table . they scrub the stone . 97 . int . marko company , hallway / studio -- day the dancer be all in the studio rehearse , oblivious . the company be run again as usual . miss boutaher lead the be - hearsal . danielle beat the drum . there 's no hint of strange - ness in the girl . they remember nothing , it 's clear . back to : int . klemperer 's apartment , bedroom -— - day klemperer be alive , though unwell . he have survive he night with the coven , but have be shake past what he can tolerate psychologically . Madame sesame bring he tea , a slice of brown bread with a little butter crock , a slice up pear . she put it on he bed - side table . the room be dim , the curtain nearly shut against the snowy morning . he do not want the light . after a few moment , the door open and susie come in with - out knock . frau sesame turn in surprise . frau sesame << good morning . no one teach you to knock on a close door ? >> susie / mother suspiriorum << wait on the stair . >> the housekeeper , come into she fright , go . susie enter . klemperer 's eye follow she into the room and to a chair beside the bed . he be shaking . the light from the window be behind she now , casting she nearly in silhouette . susie / mother suspiriorum ( cont ’d ) I have be think about you . I be not yet in a position to prevent what my daughter do to you , but I regret it . truly . I want to make it up if I can . I bring a gift . ( beat ) you deserve to know what happen . klemperer please . but susie close she eye , summoning a path through history to he wife . her silhouette begin to change as she exert herself . he can see the outline of mother suspiriorum -- the halo of darkness . 98 . susie / mother suspiriorum you wife try to make it south to teplice . but she be apprehend by border guard in the wood outside glashiitte and take , finally , to te- rezin instead . theresienstadt camp . klemperer 's eye be already tear up with this confirma - tion of he worst nightmare . he clamp they shut . when he open they , he be look at the bedside table beside they , where the cut up pear sit in a dish with the knife . it be not a big knife , but it be sharp . and it 's within reach . susie / mother suspiriorum ( cont ’d ) she live there only twenty day . on the 11th of November , 1943 , the commandant of the camp , a man name Burger , order all 40000 detain there to stand in the cold for a census . hour pass . most be nak - ed . some hundred die of exposure . close on : under the lid , susie 's eye move here and there as if she be see what she 's describe . susie / mother suspiriorum ( cont ’d ) you wife have two woman with she as she die , who tell she she be not alone : a elderly secretary from Denmark and a woman from moravia , whom you wife have befriend . her final moment be spend think of a birthday in which you sur - prise she by take she to hear a concert . chopin and brahm . it be the first time you hold she hand . she be not afraid . her thought be of you . only of you . susie reach the end and open she eye , back in she mortal form . she see : klemperer be cry through all of this , rock with silent , hopeless sob . hope , even hope scrape thin , be preferable to he than this . she savor he pain . susie / mother suspiriorum ( cont ’d ) be calm , doctor . that 's not the gift . susie lean in and take he hand . 99 . susie / mother suspiriorum ( cont ’d ) of anke -- of Patricia -- of Sara -- of I -- of all the woman of you un - do -- when I touch you face , ev- ery memory of they will go . they 's 1ll melt in the sun and be go . she do not ask he if he 's ready . she touch the place just in front of he ear . then she get up to leave he to the attendant seizure . before she go , though , she reach into the bedclothes and find the knife he 's take from the bedside table and be - turn it so he do not accidentally cut himself . he buck and spasm in he bed . once susie be go , frau ses - — ame rush to he bedside . frau sesame Doctor ! -- Doctor ! but he finally come out of the convulsion . his eye find she and he look at she , confuse , as if try to place she . CUT to : int . mutterhaus , room of feast -- dawn matron come up the stair to the body there . one of the matron stoops down to begin to solve the problem of Madame blanc . she be astonished to find : blanc be still alive . her eye look up from she half - severe head . she try to speak . she blink at the gather woman . we follow miss huller as she sprint up the stair to summon help . CUT to : int . bka headquarters , waiting room -- day in the lobby be the row of '' terroristen '' poster klemperer see , with they dozen and dozen of photo of man and woman , some with name other with question mark . many be cross out . Patricia 's look smudge somehow , now totally unrecogni - zable . CUT to : ext . east berlin , friedrichstrabe -- day later in the morning , the street be fill with people walk to work . klemperer be no where to be see . 100 . we end on the image of the ruin fountain where klemperer use to stop and linger with he wife 's memory . it be empty now , and will be from now on . a wife , a life , a entire war , have be forget . end .