suspect Zero written by Zak Penn revision - billy Ray director 's shoot script November 30 , 2001 fade in : ...on a black wave - vast , oceanic , and come right at we . begin title . the wave be relentless , huge , menace . we can not tell if this be daytime or night because it simply obscure everything - noisily . it suck , it yawn , it roar . then we realize ... this massive wave of darkness be actually just a run - off of dirty black water alongside the edge of a interstate . we pull out of it now ... ...to find concrete , and garbage , and weed . end title . 1 ext . ditch - off the interstate - 4:30 a.m. 1 amongst the refuse be a discard milk carton , rest on its back . the carton ask " have you see I ? " above a photograph face that 's be obscure by grime . yellow newspaper , old Coke can , twinkie wrapper ... in that bed of untend weed . a hollow Texas wind blow through it all . we stay with the carton ... then that hollow wind gain speed ... and a deep rumble grow in the distance , become a roar . the yellow newspaper lift off and whip past we . ... as a 18 - wheel mack truck blow by , just a blur in the corner of we frame , do 75 in the pre-dawn darkness . then , the truck be go , and the rush of air dissipate . the milk carton , the coke can ... they lie undisturbed . a light rain begin to fall ... and some of the grime wash away from that milk carton , revealing a face . a child . " have you see I ? " it 's heartbreaking . tilt up ... to take in the vast flatness of Texas ' I - 35 : concrete forever . in the distance , gray highway yield to black stormcloud gather silently over endless prairie . a vertical vein of lightning streak through one of they . CUT to : ...a spoon , stir a cup of coffee . 2 . 2 int . " the all - american diner " - gainesville TEXAS - continuing 2 ( 4:30 a.m . ) harold speck sit : mid 40' , pleasant face . a family man . read " Rod and reel " magazine . have a salesman' case by he side . around he be a truck - stop in twilight : trucker at the counter , elvis on the wall , a " drink Bud ! " mirror . the world series can be hear on a radio ... dolly ( o.s. ) top that off for ya , hon ? that 's dolly , a waitress , ( 50 , be here too long . ) speck look up , smile thinly , " no . " dolly head off . speck return to he article , underline a particular passage . ... until a man seat himself , suddenly , in the seat opposite speck 's . speck react , startle . speck Jesus ... the man 's name be o'ryan . we only see piece of he : he eye , he hand , a stain on he parka ... o'ryan what 's in the case ? speck I be sorry ? o'ryan you be always lug that case around . I be curious . speck look around : there be plenty of empty table in here . so why be this guy bother I ??? o'ryan ( cont 'd ) what do you sell ? speck I be ... in restaurant supplies . I do not get you name ? o'ryan must travel a lot , huh ? speck be look for dolly , a manager , anyone ... o'ryan ( cont 'd ) Whole country , or just hereabout ? 3. speck I do not mean to be rude but -- o'ryan how 's you wife feel about it ? that spun thing a bit . speck pause . speck what ? o'ryan she must get lonely , with you go all the time . do she ? speck look , I ... o'ryan do you get lonely ? speck 's so throw now he can not answer . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ya miss fuck she , harold ? speck listen , I do not know who you be but you can not -- o'ryan silence he ... by hold up a piece of paper . on it be a drawing . the image face away from we . but speck can see it in rich detail . and he eye go wide . we catch glimpse : the color of flesh . a body - part . look like a rendering of a young , naked woman . and , just like that , speck find himself staring . glue . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) do it myself . it 's sort of a hobby . ( no reply ) I have get more . would you like to see they ? o'ryan lower it and slide a second drawing over ... speck be speechless , transfix . can not look away . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) tell I : that joke about the travel salesman and the farmer 's daughter - be they true ? ( more ) 4. o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ( speck remain silent ) here . this one 's my favorite . o'ryan slide over drawing # 3 . again , we do not get to see it . and we still have not see all of o'ryan 's face . but we can see speck , and he reaction . utter horror . in fact he recoil so violently that he coffee spill . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) really say it all , would not you agree ? speck you be a ... you be sick . o'ryan that 's a matter of opinion . speck you be sick ! he rise , leave the drawing behind . we stay with he as he cross the diner - deeply unsettle . he reach the manager , ( mel , bald , 50 , in no mood ) at the register . mel mmm-hmm ? speck I be have a problem - with another customer . I would like you to ask he to leave , please . mel what kind of problem ? speck he 's -- he turn , to point out o'ryan . ... but the booth , suddenly , be empty . the guy have simply disappear , take that drawing with he . speck tighten . mel eye he , annoyed . CUT to : 5 . 3 ext . all - american diner - parking lot - moment later 3 speck hurry out to he buick , check over he shoulder repeatedly . get to the car , fumble with he key . they fall to the asphalt . he grab they , open the door . CUT to : 4 int . speck's car - drive - moment later 4 speck gun the buick . interstate 35 fly by . the farther he get away from that diner , the happier he will be . ... until a strange SOUND get he attention : it 's wind , as if whistling through a ghost town . hollow , varied - building then fall off again . wind . trouble be , the window in this buick be up . yet there it be again : a thin , hollow ghost - town wind , whistling over he shoulder . he 's hear it before - in every western he ever watch as a kid . but this wind be come from he back -seat . the blood drain right out of speck 's face . do not know if he should jam on the brake or drive faster . he look in he rear-view , catch a glimpse of a latex glove snap onto a hand . dear God : o'ryan be back there , make that odd ghost - town wind sound . whistle . speck ( sheer terror ) what -do-you-want ?! what -do-you-want-with - I ?! no reply . instead , another gift appear from the back : a FOURTH drawing , toss from the darkness into speck 's lap . he look down , register the image ... and shriek . o'ryan ( o.s. ) there 's a rest stop , next off-ramp . pull into it . speck I have some money . it 's not a lot but -- o'ryan nobody want you money , harold . just pull in . 6. speck why ?! o'ryan rise into frame now , like nosferatu ... o'ryan because I do not wanna do this at 70 mile a hour . it could be dangerous . speck find the off-ramp . his breath be shallow now . speck please , mister - what do you want from I ? o'ryan 's face : a know grin fan across it ... CUT to : ... the face of virgil ray starkey , on a bulletin board . 5 int . f.b.i. resident agency - wichita fall - morning ( same 5 day ) we be look at the f.b.i. 's " ten most -wanted list . " starkey be # 7 on it . he 's 40 , white . his crime be list as rape , murder , kidnap . thomas mackelway stare at starkey 's image . at the eye ... mackelway be 34 , breed for success - breed for stardom in fact , a whiz at everything he 's ever attempt . so what the hell be he do in wichita Falls , Texas ...? EIGHT agent , in cubicle , with a ring of outer office . quiet phone , lousy take - out option , hardly a dream gig . charlton ( o.s. ) get a spot set up for you , Tom . that 's rick charlton : late 40' , thinning hair , friendly . charlton head around a corner . mackelway follow . charlton ( cont 'd ) Ms. Potter 's the nice girl you meet at the desk . she put a package together for all the new agent , thing to know about the area , help with find apartment and such . this one 's yours : charlton stop at a cubicle : carpete wall , formica desk . a corner of dull Hell . mackelway eye it , fight dread . 7. charlton ( cont 'd ) not so different from Dallas , be it ? mackelway ( fuck yes ) no , sir. charlton good . a abandon sport page tell we about that World Series , so we must be mid-october . charlton head out . mackelway throw a briefcase on to the desk , set up he world : a frame picture of himself and he brother , age 10 and 15 , on a childhood camp trip . address book , coffee -warmer , calendar , a baseball cover with autograph . he open up a drawer , and casually toss two bottle of bufferin into the back of it . ... but first grab four tablet from one of the bottle , and throw they down he throat , as : grieve ( o.s. ) ya like frito pies ? mackelway turn . bill grieve stand here , hold a white grease-stain paper - bag . grieve be mackelway 's age , not quite as ambitious . but solid , decent . mackelway I dunno . what be they ? grieve pull out a greasy concoction that 's wrap up like a semi-burrito . pure Texas . toss it to mackelway : grieve welcome to the minor . grieve pass by with a faint smile , hand out lunch to a few other agent . mackelway eye the still - wrap frito pie . God , get I outta here ... CUT to : 6 int . wichita fall f.b.i. office - later 6 a brief montage : mackelway , in he cubicle , watch as that other agent take call , strap on gun , head out on assignment . Men in motion . 8. but mackelway 's land -locked , write up a Auto - theft report . it 's drudgery , but he 's meticulous about it , delete the word " beige " and replace it with " tan . " his head be throbbing - not a unusual circumstance for he . but after linger for a half - second on that " most - want list " again ? starkey ? it 's a wound ... 7 int . f.b.i. office - kitchenette - moment later 7 mackelway struggle with a coffee machine that 's unfamiliar to he . filter , water , grounds , etc . katie ( o.s. ) here . lemme do that . he turn . this be katie potter . she 's 25 , friendly , under - challenge by she job . be here two year . in two second she 's get the thing percolate . of course . katie ( cont 'd ) it take some experience . he shrug , not feel too smooth . katie ( cont 'd ) you be mackelway , right ? mackelway mmm-hmm . katie fax come in for you . it 's the room next door . mackelway oh . thanks . he rise , head for the " fax room " ... 8 int . " fax room " - continuing 8 a former closet , convert into useful space . five fax machine sit on stand , share a surge protector . one fax machine be printing . mackelway approach it . six piece of paper await he . the first be a top - sheet , write by hand : " attention : agent Thomas mackelway , FBI resident Agency - wichita Falls . " no sender name . he look beneath the top sheet - at page one of the fax . 9. a young boy stare back at he , he face photostatically copy . across the top , also-handwritten : " have you see I ? " at the bottom of the sheet , type , we read : " Jason Corey , Age 14 . ht. 5 '1 " , wt. 130 , eye brn , Hair brn. last see : Riverside , ca. date of disappearance : 10-16-99 . " mackelway eye the face , then the vital . no idea why this be send to he . then he look at page two . a young woman stare back at he this time . another fax photo . another " have you see I ? " scrawle across the top of it . and , at the bottom of the sheet : " Anna casitas , Age 22 . ht. 5 '6 " , wt. 125 , eye brn , Hair blk . last see : macon , ga. date of disappearance : 5-6-00 . " the other three fax be more of the same : picture and vital . faces. fact . " have you see I ? " he look at the bottom of the transmission , find the fax number of the sender . dial it . all he hear back be the loud grainy shriek of a dedicated fax line . he eye the fax again . it 's not alarming , but it 's odd . then charlton emerge from he office , shouting : charlton mackelway ! you gonna sit on you ass all day , or do you wanna do something ? mackelway 's out of this room in a instant . CUT to : 9 ext . rest stop - off the interstate - day 9 you standard roadside rest-stop : a parking lot with weed poke through it and bathroom you would not go near . that stormcloud we see earlier be closer now ... police car and highway patrol motorcycle fill this site . charlton 's FBI sedan pull up . he and mackelway get out . two man approach : sheriff harry dylan , 50 ; and he deputy , bud granger , a gangly , baby - face pup . dylan afternoon , Rick . ( charlton nod ) look like a robbery / homicide . body 's over that way . 10 . he gesture toward a ravine , where a tow truck be currently lowering a winch toward a abandon vehicle . it be harold speck 's buick , nose - down in the ravine , teeter on a rock , like the balanced scale of justice . mackelway ya run the plate ? charlton eye mackelway : " easy , hot-shot . " mackelway nod , remind himself to remember he new rank . Dylan hand a preliminary report to charlton . dylan fella 's name be harold speck . travel salesman , from abilene . charlton eye the report , then hand it to mackelway . the hierarchy be be make clear . very . mackelway turn : this ravine run right up against a sign that read " welcome to Texas " on one side and " you be now leave Oklahoma " on the other . a vehicle , leave right on the state-line . odd ... then , a noise : that tow - truck winch , grind badly . it 's just about to yank the buick out of this ditch . mackelway ( it blurt out ) hey ! before charlton can react , mackelway be run across this weed - choke lot , zeroing in on the tow - truck driver . 10 ext . atop the ravine - continuing 10 the Driver , jumbo , be operate the winch from a hydraulic handle on the back of the truck . mackelway barrel in : mackelway ( cont 'd ) what the fuck're you do ?! jumbo what 's it look like , Bud ? mackelway reach past jumbo and hit the " stop " button himself . the winch shut down . mackelway turn . a handful of local cop stand atop this ravine , watch . 11 . mackelway ( cont 'd ) you guy ever hear of evidentiary procedure ? no one reply . charlton approach . mackelway tighten , expect a reprimand for overstep he bound . mackwelway ( cont 'd ) sorry , Sir . there be not time . charlton eye the car . then mackelway . charlton do the right thing , agent mackelway . let 's have a look . charlton start down the embankment . mackelway do not , hang back as he eye the track this buick make before tumble . something about they ... he pull a small camera from he pocket , a minox . snap off a few photo of the scene - the buick , the ravine , that track , some footprint alongside they . then he head down the 15 - foot embankment . 11 ext . ravine - continuing 11 it 's a ugly sight . speck be inch from we , but he head be face in the other direction , twisted unnaturally . mackelway kneel beside the open window , pull out some glove , put they on . he will not lean on the car , or even breathe on it , he caution around evidence obvious . charlton ( o.s. ) what 's that ? charlton be opposite he , outside the passenger - side window , point at the drawing that o'ryan have toss onto speck 's lap . it lie face down on the seat . but something 's be finger - painted on the back of it : a red circle , with a slash through it . charlton begin to reach for it , when : mackelway ( to stop he ) Sir ? charlton stop . mackelway indicate : " glove . " 12 . charlton eye he . it 's irritate be correct by a guy you outrank , especially when he 's right . mackelway ( cont 'd ) sort of a ... stickler for procedure . charlton I imagine you would be . that be a jab , but we do not know it yet . charlton put on he glove . mackelway snap off a few more shot with that minox , look over the rest of this car , as : granger ( aloud ) hey jumbo . toss I down a crowbar . Granger 's by the trunk . before mackelway can comment , jumbo have toss a crowbar down from the top of the embankment : a ten-pound hunk of iron , fly right at we . everybody duck ... as it clang on the roof of the buick . jumbo shrug . jumbo you say toss it . mackelway shake he head . " shitkicker . " Granger grab the crowbar . he 's just about to open the trunk as : mackelway hold it a second . Granger pause . mackelway cross to the trunk , and snap off a few shot with the minox . something catch he eye , along the line of the trunk . he kneel closer ... a odd residue , crusty and hard , have form a thin line on top of the paint in a single post . he take out a vial , and scrape some of the residue into it . then he sniff it . pause ... mackelway ( cont 'd ) smell like ... clove . he look to Granger : now you can open the trunk . dylan ( be : mackelway ) where the hell would you find this guy ? 13 . charlton field Office . Dallas . dylan ( impressed ) well now ... ( charlton shrug ) so what the hell 's he doin ' here ? that one be leave unanswer . Granger open the trunk . mackelway and the other look inside ... there , they find restaurant supplies : napkin dispenser , salt - shaker , ketchup dispenser , a short - order wheel ... and a fishing reel , tackle - box , a kid 's bicycle helmet . mackelway eye it all , but he instinct tell he there 's nothing significant here . so he return to speck 's body . he lean in , lift speck 's head a few inch away from the steering wheel . gently . ... which be when we learn that speck 's eyelids have be tear off . it 's gruesome , but mackelway note it calmly . charlton lean in , get a look . charlton Christ ... mackelway be expressionless . but something about this lidless eye draw he closer . he lean in , then bam ! we be rockete into a series of dark , disjoint image : 12 ext . a wheat field - night 12 seem like we be stand in a field of tall wheat ; we can not say for sure . everything 's wet , wind - whipped . a muzzle flash ... someone just fire a gun . we slump hard to the ground . then we look up . mackelway stand over we , he face wet with rain . then , just as quickly , that image vanish and we be : 13 int . unidentified motel room - graham TEXAS - day 13 we start on the eye of o'ryan . Cross - dissolve to a pad of paper , on a desk . scrawle on the pad be a wavy line . he hold the tip of that pen upon it , for a few second , as if expect to get some kind of pulse from it . here come that image again : wet wheat , a muzzle flash , mackelway . choppy , disjoint , dark . then they cease ... 14 . ... and o'ryan begin to draw , hurriedly . only half of he face be visible to we , but we can tell that he concentration be total . his pen continue its furious work , a spasm of activity , as the sound of that vision bleed in : the gun -shot , the rain , the wind . they be all alive in o'ryan 's mind ... and that drawing take shape quickly : the wheat field , the gun , mackelway . then , the pen be set down . the draw be complete . o'ryan eye it calmly , then check he watch , jotting down the exact time and date on to the draw . then he slip it into a folder mark , " mackelway . " CUT to : 14 ext . speck's home - abilene , TEXAS - estab . day 14 picket fence , a swing on the porch , a lawn that need mow . a line of people file in , each bring food ... and tissue to cry into . 15 int . speck's home - live room - moment later ( day ) 15 shock face . food on unmatch trays . speck 's wife - jan , 40 and fray - sit in a chair , immobile . friend and family mill about , tend to she . kide hover . two of they , a 4 - year -old boy and a 8 - year -old girl , sniff back tear as people offer condolence . but the focus here be Jan - she grief . she 's shaking ... o'ryan ( o.s. ) Mrs. speck ? she look up . o' Ryan crouch down , to eye-level , one of fifty face in here . Jan half - nod . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) just want to offer my condolence . ( take she hand ) I do not know he well but ... I think harold be a much more complex man than people realize . Jan be so raw that anything about speck touch she now . 15 . jan ( through tear ) he be , be not he ? o'ryan I be very sorry for you loss , mar 'am . she sniff back a tear , thanks he with a smile . o' Ryan extend he hand to she . she take it . he move off . beside she be a framed portrait of speck . we blow past it , and into the black crepe that be adorn the corner of the portrait 's frame , and : bam ! we be rockete back into a set of odd image again : 16 ext . darkness - unidentified time 16 this time , everything before we be a blur of gray . we hear that wet wind . we hear we own heavy breathing , as if we be run somewhere ... a voice , rise above the wind , seem to be say : ( o.s. ) please ... the sound echoe oddly , as if bounce off a satellite somewhere , or a distance of time and space . then the sound and the soupy grayness vanish . this vision just end . when we pop back out of it , we be tight on mackelway ... CUT to : 17 int . mackelway' yukon - parking lot - gainesville 10:30 p.m. 17 mackelway sit behind the wheel of he chevy yukon , park between two big-rigs in the lot of the " all - american diner . " Sky look black tonight . it rumble ... and that soupy gray vision we just hear and see ... it be all he . he pull four more bufferin out of a bottle in he pocket . slug they down . this headache be a constant . then he get out of the yukon ... 18 int . all - american diner gainesville - continuing 18 mackelway enter , spot charlton at a booth - sit opposite a woman , she back to we . 16 . 19 int . booth - continuing 19 mackelway approach . the woman do not turn . charlton agent mackelway . I be ' bout to introduce you , but I understand that will not be necessary . mackelway do not get it ... until the woman turn . she be agent fran kulok . 35 , sharp , pretty when she allow herself to be . but with a guard that never come down . mackelway have some history with she , so he try not to react . it take some effort . charlton ( cont 'd ) seem you former office have decide we might need some help on this one . so they send out agent kulok . fran Tom . mackelway Fran . that be terse , from both of they . charlton take note . charlton I guess we be skip the tearful reunion . have a seat , Tom . mackelway sit opposite Fran . she fold she hand . mackelway how 's thing back at the ranch ? fran movin ' right along . that might have be a dig ; charlton can not tell . charlton okay . whadda we know ? fran picked up a foot-print in the back seat of speck 's car , size - and - a- half bigger than speck 's . just like that , Fran be piping up . mackelway 's unoffended . 17 . charlton ' Kay . fran wound on speck 's throat indicate that he be strangle from behind ... I think we guy wait for he in the backseat , sprung this on he once the car be move . she slide that FOURTH drawing to charlton - give we we first look at it . insert - the drawing : ...a steamer -trunk , line with plastic . Inside it be large ziploc bag . Inside the bag be body part . it 's realize so accurately that it look more like a photograph . no wonder it horrify speck so deeply . the booth - resuming charlton eye it without reaction . fran ( cont 'd ) Lab pick up talcum trace on the edge of the paper , consistent with powder glove . ( charlton nod ) so he get the drop in he lap , it spook he , and the car wind up in the ravine . plausible enough , until : mackelway I do not think so , no . I think it be push . fran how ya figure ? mackelway the look of the track . foot-print near the embankment . without embellish any further , he slide over the photograph that he take this morning with the minox : tire - track , foot-print . she eye they . then she eye mackelway . charlton note the tension . 18 . charlton okay . so we guy like to draw picture of body part and then spring them on people . what 's that get we ? ( they be silent ) that 's what I think . there be plenty go unsaid here between mackelway and Fran . charlton have no time for it . charlton oh . ' fore I forget . this come in for you : he toss a 9 - by-12 envelope at mackelway , who open it . six sheet of paper slide out . first one we see be the top sheet of a fax : same hand - write inscription as the last one : " attention , agent Thomas mackelway , FBI resident Agency , wichita Falls . " okay . this be twice now . he know what will be under this top sheet without even look . but here 's page one : a photo of a middle - age African - american woman . across the top of the photo , in hand - write : " have you see I ? " and type on the bottom : " Tanya Green . Age 42 . ht. 5'9 " , wt. 165 , eye blk , Hair blk . last see : Ames , Iowa . date of disappearance : 3-22-97 . " the follow four sheet bring four more face : man , woman , young , old . four more have you see I 's . but before he can think it through , he hear : manager ( o.s. ) it 's about time . they turn . that come from the night manager : a humorless guy name les . he 's look at the front door , through which dolly have just enter . pink cowboy boot tonight . dolly do not start in on I , Les . I could not get the pickup start and harlan take the dodge . the manager now throw a glance at the three fed in the booth . dolly stop short , take aback . 19 . dolly ( cont 'd ) Holy Hell . my one shot at wind up on " cop " and I be in my weekday boot ! CUT to : 20 int . diner - booth - later 20 dolly and mel sit opposite mackelway and Fran . dolly he be a quiet guy . normal . like to read fishing magazine . not much of a tipper . be that a lousy thing to say ? fran it 's fine . mel roll he eye . mackelway what can you tell we about the other man ? mel like I say , I never really see he . harold come up , complainin ' about the guy - but time I turn , he be go . fran mack ( at dolly : ) ( at dolly : ) could you de -- do you get a - - they each stop short , wait for the other to yield . finally mackelway nod , " go ahead . " fran can you describe he , ma'am ? dolly sure . he be ... dolly pause , she face scrunching a bit . Troubled ... dolly ( cont 'd ) that 's weird . guy be in here better part of a hour . we have a real pleasant chat ... but I can not remember a thing about he . for the life of I . could not even tell you what color he eye be . she shrug apologetically . 20 . fran Happen to see what he be drive ? dolly that one 's easy . it 's still in the lot . ( they perk up ) the bonneville out there with the awful paint job . she gesture to the lot , where a old pontiac bonneville sit , its paint stripped down to the primer . bingo . Fran and mackelway eye it , then one another . CUT to : 21 ext . diner - parking lot - moment later 21 Fran and mackelway emerge , head for the bonneville . mackelway we ought to work out some kind of protocol . fran for what ? mackelway interview . witnesses . look pretty silly , we talk over one another . fran Fine . I will handle they from now on . he do not argue . they come to a stop at that bonneville , stripped down to its primer . time to work ... two agent , all instinct . we see they study thing , detail , they mind always churn ... mackelway pull out he minox , snap off a few more shot . then : mackelway trunk 's ajar . she turn . sure enough , the bonneville 's trunk be ajar . mackelway approach , cautiously . he do not have glove on he , so he use he jacket pocket to protect against print . he open the trunk . first thing he see be that symbol again : a circle- with - a - slash - through - it ... stare right at he . 21 . but this time , it 's be carve into somebody 's back . mackelway stare . so do Fran . before they lie a body , stripped to the waist : a chunky middle - age man . Dead . mackelway sigh . thing just get tougher ... CUT to : 22 int . archer county morgue - day 22 harold speck lie on a table . a bespectacled coroner examine he . victim # 2 , barney fulcher , lie on another , he ample frame yet to be examine . the light be out , but that coroner wear a fluorescent halo , with a microphone pin to he gown . he speak into it with a quiet monotone : anatomical term , etc . mackelway and Fran be here ... watch . mackelway be particularly focus on fulcher 's face . his eyelids , we now see , have also be tear off . hmmmm ... fran why eyelid ? mackelway huh ? fran no other sign of torture here . why take somebody 's eyelid off ? mackelway so they can not blink . she sigh , aloud : " I know that already , asshole . " coroner keep he head down , speak into that microphone . mackelway ( cont 'd ) it 's a metaphor - to make certain the victim see ... or to make certain that we see something . ( she 's silent ) or maybe it 's just a fuck - you . coroner continue he monotone narration ... then cross to the sink . that put he out of earshot . so : 22 . mackelway ( cont 'd ) ( to Fran , quietly ) I be sorry about Don . fran ( throw ) huh ? mackelway you be not wear you ring anymore . that be a attempt at kindness . she know that . still , she eye she leave hand , self - consciously , while mackelway lose himself in that lidless eye of fulcher 's ... then there 's a knock at the glass window behind they . they turn . charlton stand on the other side of a glass window , in a viewing room adjacent to this morgue . he press a piece of paper up against the glass . on it , in type bold letter at the top , we read : " match one of one . " below that we see that circle- with - the-slash - through - it . this be a fax , which charlton 's just receive . he point further down on the fax at what look like little squiggle at first , until we move in to discover it be a hand draw street map . the ink bleed a bit due to a poor fax transmission . that scrawle line take we to " the hope House , " in Oklahoma City . at the bottom a scribble name , " David dyson , " and a contact number . move closer to the glass , mackelway nod . he just get a break ... CUT to : 23 int . grammar -school auditorium - boulder , CO . - day 23 a choir of first and second grader stand before a school assembly . the rest of Boulder elementary 's student body fill the seat in here , along with faculty member . everybody 's weep . a frame picture of barney fulcher sit on a stand , with candle around it : singing first and second grader a-may-ze Grace , how sweet the sound -- 23 . in the back , some of the townsfolk have gather for this assembly , touch . o' Ryan stand among they . no expression on he face at all ... CUT to : 24 ext . " hope house " - oklahoma CITY - night 24 a three -story victorian residence in decay , next door to a church / soup kitchen in the middle of Oklahoma City 's skid row . rain fall . the street be still . mackelway approach this halfway-house . a few light shine within , and the blue glow of a tv . upstair can be hear the strident , off - key voice of somebody sing . 25 ext . / int . hope house - doorway - continuing 25 the front door be open . through a screen door , mackelway can see a old - fashioned " foyer . " he knock . wait . two sound dominate : the buzz from that tv , and the strident sing , which we realize be a a capela version of " La vida loca " audible through a open bedroom window . but no one 's come to answer the door , and it 's wide open anyway ... so mackelway enter . mackelway hello ? 26 int . hope house - entry - continuing 26 tv room be to he leave . there , a single 35 year - old drunk / transient ( we will call he " piper " ) sit , watch " behind the Music " on vh1 . tonight 's subject ? leif garret ... piper do not look up , or acknowledge mackelway at all . Rather he increase the tv volume to drow out the sing upstairs , which seem to be intentionally off - key . torn couch , stain carpet , crack window . poster and flier on the wall . 10 bedroom upstairs . dyson ( o.s. ) agent mackelway ? mackelway turn . descend a creak stairway be david dyson : 50 , lean , with a friendly smile . CUT to : 24 . 27 int . hope house - basement - moment later 27 we be stare at a basement wall that have be cover , floor to ceiling , with 1,000 identical renderings of that same symbol : the circle - with-a-slash-through-it . 1,000 of they , in bright red paint , against pitch black enamel . only a machine could have achieve this kind of repetition . or a maniac . this basement be leaky , drafty , poorly light . but it 's also quiet : the sound of that awful sing upstairs have be mute by the basement door and the rain itself . dyson Benjamin spend hour down here . mackelway take it all in , every corner of this basement . he note a row of stand gym locker . mackelway ( be : locker ) do he have access to that ? dyson no . they be staff-only . mackelway would you mind open they for I ? dyson shrug ; he think it 's a waste of time - but he will do it . mackelway follow he across the dank room . mackelway ( cont 'd ) he be here ... seven year you say ? dyson off and on . it 's not uncommon for we guest to vanish for month at a time . dyson work a combination lock on the first locker . mackelway I run the name through we database , just to be sure . there 's never be a agent Benjamin o'ryan in the Bureau . dyson no ... but as elaborate fantasy go , it be one of my favorite . ( fondly ) and he always seem so sincere about it . 25 . dyson half - chuckle ; he always like the guy ... he throw open the locker . Inside , nothing . mackelway indicate the next locker . dyson work the combination . mackelway be that what you call he ? Benjamin ? dyson it 's what he wish to be call . locker # 2 be open - also empty . only one locker leave . dyson ( cont 'd ) ( be : locker # 3 ) that one 's mine . mackelway shrug : " sorry , it have to be open . " dyson sigh , then work the combination . mackelway wait . locker # 3 be open . Inside , nothing incriminate : a sweater , some old junk , two trophy . dyson eye he : " see ? " mackelway nod . dyson shut the locker . mackelway look to that wall : 1,000 copy of the circle- with - a-slash - through - it . no idea what they signify ... dyson ( cont 'd ) he paint one of the wall in he room , too . mackelway can I see it ? dyson we have paint it over . mackelway still , might be helpful . dyson head for the stair . they be wooden slat with more basement - junk store below : old sport equipment , a old vaccuum cleaner , break chair , rusted patio furniture . mackelway follow . they climb ... mackelway ( cont 'd ) wait . they stop . something just catch mackelway 's eye , visible beneath this stair : a BOX , with a bucket of paint stick out of it ... 26 . 28 int . basement - beneath the stair - continuing 28 mackelway climb under the stair , crouching down , push aside all of the aforementioned junk . he grab the box . sure enough , that bucket once hold red paint - same color o'ryan use to cover that wall . there 's also a bucket of black paint here . and some use brushes . mackelway bring the box into the meager light . we get a look inside it now . so do dyson . Inside , beneath the paint-bucket , we see a few tv guide , a yo - yo , a football . then a book on tribal ritual and trance . mackelway grab it , eye it . he flip through a few page - odd image : a tribesman with eye roll back in he head , strange rite , etc . mackelway set the book down . then , amidst the other material in this box , he spot a large fold map . he grab it , begin to unfold it . we see that this map 's be write on , in pen . city on it have be circle . but before we can get a good look at it , mackelway spot something else , at the bottom of this box , a shocker : a photograph of himself . it take he a second to realize what he 's look at . but there it be , a newspaper photo , of agent Thomas mackelway . it be part of a front - page story , date July of this year , concern the trial and release ...of Virgil Ray starkey . # 7 on the f.b.i. 's most -wanted list ... dyson can not help but notice the picture of mackelway . mackelway stare . suddenly we jump back in time , nine month , for a brief , choppy flashback . 29 29 ext . STREET - matamoro - night - mackelway' flashback we be running , dash between two building of chip - adobe , hearing nothing but the sound of we own breathe and the thud of we own heavy foot . this be matamoros , Mexico , a shit-hole of a border town . squalor and sin . we find a drunk mexican teen . he nod : " this be the place , " and stick out he palm . 27 . 30 int . hope house - basement - resuming 30 mackelway stare at that newspaper : starkey - rapist , murderer , whose case be just throw out of court - a stun failure for all involved . ... as we resume mackelway' flashback - matamoros again ... 31 int . " club " - backstage - resuming flashback 31 bad-light , drunk patron in a circle , and a donkey - show take place on a bare stage . feel like we have step into some kind of evil carnival . it 's dizzying . among the crowd : Virgil starkey , in a ugly drunken binge , the only guy in here who be not cheer or laugh . suddenly we gun be point right at he head . starkey freeze , catch . some of the patron around he find somewhere else to stand ... but the show go on . 32 int . hope house - basement - resuming 32 that article give we more detail now , the reason starkey 's case be throw out of court . it be this : the f.b.i . agent on the case have make a mistake in " evidentiary procedure . " hence , mackelway 's picture . on he face , we go back to another memory : six month ago . 33 int . courthouse - anteroom - day - another flashback 33 Three month have pass since the arrest in matamoros . now mackelway sit in this courthouse anteroom , adjacent to a courtroom . four sour prosecutor surround he . prosecutor # 1 D ' you understand how fuck we be ? mackelway yes , sir. prosecutor # 1 leave a tissue sample in the care of a mexican lab ? be you fuck kid I ? mackelway they assure I that they understand protocol . 28 . prosecutor # 1 well guess what ? they do not . and this prick 's gonna walk , ten murder or not . that register . 34 int . hope house - basement - resuming 34 beneath this newspaper article be other article , all concern starkey : he crime , he capture , all of it . mackelway 's memory just get stoke again : 35 int . courthouse - hallway - resuming flashback 35 mackelway emerge from that courthouse anteroom , whipped . the hall 's busy with media and other traffic . first face he see be Fran , who sit on a bench , ( wedding ring on ) . her eye say how lousy she feel for he . it almost help . 36 int . courthouse bathroom - continuing flashback 36 the door burst open and mackelway storm in . no need to look compose now ; he 's alone in here . he cross to a paper- towel dispenser , slug it . stare in the mirror . he 's livid , embarrassed , frustrated - can barely look at he own reflection . then he hear laughter , behind he . he turn . out of the darkness of a badly - light stall , Virgil starkey emerge , come into view under a single light . beside he be a grim cop , he chaperone . starkey pass by mackelway , almost snicker . then he 's go . mackelway shut he eye tight . his head be pound . end flashback . 37 int . hope house - basement - resuming 37 mackelway stare ... at a record of he deep wound . but what the hell be it do in the locker of a transient ? CUT to : 38 int . hope house - " o'ryan be room " - moment later 38 mackelway lean in , look around . a bed . a small end - table . bathroom . a window without bar . 29 . from down the hall we hear the sound of a phone ringing , then a fax transmission . a old fax machine begin to whine noisily , creak . it 's a distraction . but mackelway 's focus be in this room . the wall have be newly paint . but there 's a hint of barely - perceptible color beneath one of they . rain from a leaky roof be cause some of the new paint to peel a bit . a bucket collect drop in the center of the room . the feel in here be damp , mildewy , creepy . mackelway remain in the doorway ... then back out . dyson ( o.s. ) I guess you fellas're never unaccount for , huh ? 39 int . hallway - continuing 39 mackelway turn , a bit startle . dyson be approach , fax in hand . mackelway huh ? dyson extend six page . on the top - sheet , write by hand , be the word : " agent Thomas mackelway , c/o Mr. David dyson , hope House " with a street address . and under that top sheet ? five more page . mackelway sigh , take they from dyson . sure enough , he 's stare at five more face , five more fact sheet . five more have you see I 's . but how would anyone know to send they here ? dyson anything urgent ? mackelway ( do not look up ) no . dyson be glad to hear it . CUT to : 40 int . hope house - foyer - moment later 40 mackelway descend , have have quite enough of this place . piper be where we leave he , watch vh1 in the tv room . 30 . mackelway pass , eyeing that newly - fax page : five more have you see me's ... he reach the door . piper ever see a fifty - foot shark ? mackelway stop , turn . mackelway I be sorry ? piper fifty - foot shark . ever see one ? mackelway no . piper do not mean there be not any . great . mackelway reach for the front door again . then he halt . maybe this guy can be helpful . mackelway turn : mackelway do you know he ? ( piper 's silent ) the guy who use to stay upstairs . " o' Ryan . " do you know he ? piper why ? be he dead ? mackelway I do not ... piper you say " do . " be he dead ? mackelway oh . I mis-spoke . no , he 's not dead ... ( a beat ) you know he ? piper nod . mackelway eye he , then approach , hold up a copy of that image : the circle- with - slash - through - it . mackelway ( cont 'd ) he ever talk about this ? a circle with a slash through it ? 31 . piper rise , cross to we ... lean in unnecessarily close . it 's unsettle . piper that 's not a circle . it 's a zero . mackelway oh . how do you know ? piper do not answer . instead he simply start whistling . but it 's not a tune come out of he mouth . it 's that same sound that o'ryan make : a whistling wind , blow through a ghost town ... Building , then fall again . piper smile , back away , enjoy the theatricality of it , stifling a giggle ... then , suddenly , everything turn grainy , choppy ... we have jump into a distort , remote Pov of this same scene - as if watch it through a crystal ball , or a break lens , or a distance of time and space ... we see image , fragment : piper , the tv , the sofa , mackelway 's face . then all sound break up , and we be ... 41 int . motel room - sleeper , missouri - continuing 41 start on o'ryan 's eye . then a pad of paper . the spasm of a pen , scrawling a list on to it : " piper . tv. whistle . " we be in another non-descript motel room . $ 29 a night . he hold down the point of he pen on a wavy line beside that list of word , keep it there for a few second , as if expect to receive some kind of pulse from it . no more pulse . he have lose the " connection " that have somehow transport he . he note he watch . jot down the exact time . slip the pad into that folder : " mackelway . " then he start to draw - a hurried but accurate sketch of mackelway and piper , just as they stand during that conversation . the geography be fairly accurate . o'ryan continue to draw . we crane out of this motel room , to find , on the street below : 42 ext . a bar - sleeper , missouri - continuing 42 a typical honky - tonk in a town call sleeper , Missouri . just across the street from o'ryan 's cheap motel ... 32 . 43 int . bar - sleeper , missouri - continuing 43 low-light , dust on the floor . Pool table . loretta be a pretty 19 - year - old who stand at the jukebox , weigh she choice . she 's get a thick curtain of hair , which she wrangle with a chip -clip . it 's a habit . she choose a country - rock tune , then head for the bar , walk to the beat . it 's fun be 19 and beautiful . 44 at the bar - continuing 44 the bartender be a stocky guy with a broad smile . loretta ( be : song ) how 's that ? bartender Little cute for my taste , but I can stand three minute of it . loretta I will have a seven and seven , please . bartender Seven and seven . get some i.d .? she half - laugh , as if she have not be card in a decade , and throw that curtain of hair from one side to the other , be - fasten that chip-clip . it 's she best move . loretta it 's in the car . no one 's ask I for it for a couple year now . bartender if ya hurry , you will still catch the end of the song . she eye he : be you really card I ? he smile : nothing personal , sugar . so she head for the door . ...on she way , she pass a booth . in it we find a familiar face - Virgil Ray starkey ... he remain still , as if he have not notice she . but behind he eye , something primal just take place . he rise , head for the door . 33 . 45 ext . bar - moment later 45 Loretta walk to she vw bug . starkey exit the bar . she do not notice . we tilt up : the light be off in o'ryan 's motel room ... 46 ext . at loretta's car - moment later 46 it all happen pretty fast : that chip-clip hit the ground beside the open vw door . a batter pick - up speed away , kick up gravel . CUT to : ... Loretta 's eye , wide with terror and dread . 47 int . starkey' pick - up - minute later 47 we be off-road . Missouri 's wood can be see through the windshield . and starkey be stare at we . paw at we ... loretta please , mister ... starkey 's hand shoot out , bang Loretta 's head against the window , hard . that make thing start to swim . starkey tear at she clothes , lower himself on to she . she whimper . we carry the SOUND of it into : 48 int . mackelway' apartment - same 48 this be where you go when you have just move to wichita Falls and money 's tight : spotty shag carpet , chip Formica kitchen table , scuff blind . ... and one sleepless agent , have one lousy night . mackelway sit on the edge of he bed , almost able to hear Loretta 's helpless cry . some night be like this . his head be pounding again . down go four more bufferin . above he , cover the bedroom mirror , be the map he take from that hope House basement . o' Ryan 's map , unfolded . it 's huge : 6 - foot -wide , 4 - feet-tall , obscure the mirror . as we glimpse while still in that basement , this map he be write on , in pen . o' Ryan 's notation cover it : over a thusand city on it have be circle , by hand , in red . each of that circle city have a date write beside it , also in red : ( " 4 / 6 , " " 5 /19 , " " 10 - 26 , " etc . ) 34 . mackelway study it , he face work . another of that whimper from Loretta seem to hang , suspend . mackelway shake it off , certain that he 's imagine it . he will not sleep a wink tonight . we leave he , return to : 49 int . starkey' pick - up - resuming 49 the attack continue , its terror unimaginable . Loretta sob . it hurt . starkey 's too powerful to fight off . we stay on she face : daze , she mind simply check out . ... until a look of cognizance come over she , bring on by a shadow that just pass by . then the window behind starkey simply explode . Glass fly everywhere , and two arm reach into the pick -up . they grab starkey by the neck and yank he out of the pick - up , he back slice open by shard . he scream . she can not resist come to the window , where she see : 50 ext . wood - starkey' pick - up - continuing 50 starkey lie , face up . shock . squirm . bleed . stand over he , loom large as a Grizzly ... be o'ryan . a long hunting knife extend from he hand . but he tone , to we great surprise , be conversational : o'ryan hey , listen , I be sorta new in town . ya know where I can find a good donkey show ? starkey have no idea how to respond to this maniac : starkey huh ? o'ryan oh. forget . wrong country ... in America animal have rights . ( pointedly ) do not they , Virgil ? starkey how the fuck should I know ? o'ryan half -smile , then kick starkey right in the head . Loretta 's eye go wide . another kick follow , to the rib . then one to the groin . then : 35 . o'ryan ( at Loretta ) turn around . he say that without look at she . but he can tell that she have not move - too frighten . so he eye she . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ( again ) turn around ! she turn away , lie face down on the seat , cover she head . no idea what kind of terror be to come next . we stay with her ... able only to hear what follow : the sound be animal , awful - like a pig be gut - a horrible squeal , cover the grunt come from o'ryan . in go the knife again , prompt another agonize cry from starkey . Loretta 's cry too : from fear , shock ... she keep she face bury , shutting she eye tight . the sound of savagery fill the night . then , one last gasp from starkey ... follow by a awful silence ... and the assault be over . Loretta 's too afraid to look up - certain that the maniac with the knife will be come after she next . but then she hear footstep , trail away . so she rise , peek over the edge of the window . we stay on her face , as she see what 's become of she attacker . her horrify scream fill the wood ... 51 int . mackelway' apartment - bedroom - resuming 51 mackelway stare out the window ; seem like he just heard that scream . of course , that would be impossible . he look to that map . his phone ring . he eye it , unsurprise ... CUT to : 52 ext . wood outside sleeper , mo . - later 52 Law enforcement vehicle surround the site . cop , grieve , coroner' guy take picture . Loretta be sit on the back of a ambulance , be tend to . a composite artist sit beside she , try . loretta I do not think the eye be right . 36 . composite artist narrower ? loretta no , they be ... I do not really know . composite artist keep try , but he attempt do not look anything like the face of o'ryan . charlton , meanwhile , stand over the body , mind racing . a Missouri highway patrol car pull up . mackelway step out of it . we follow he as he take in the scene . a flashbulb illuminate starkey 's chest ; be get a zero- with - a-slash - through - it . but mackelway have not see the guy 's face yet . mackelway sir? ( charlton turn ) we get a i.d. yet ? charlton mmm-hmm . ( mackelway wait ) might wanna find yourself a fender . you be gonna need to sit down . ( mackelway 's still wait ) it 's Virgil Ray starkey . mackelway pale . we stay on he for a moment as it register . the man he catch , and then lose , have kill again . no. God , no . mackelway ( struggle for composure : ) starkey do this ? charlton no. starkey 's the one on the ground . mackelway pause , think he must have hear wrong . but he turn toward the face , as another flashbulb illuminate it , searing the image into the darkness . starkey . Dead . his eyelid rip away . mackelway stare , stunne . can not fuck believe it . mackelway ( breathless ) my God ... 37 . it 's like look at a ghost - a spectre that 's be haunt he , dead now ... mackelway pull out he minox , start photograph , move in on that lidless eye ... grieve gonna make a wallet - size of that one ? charlton give he a break , grieve . mackelway do not comment . just keep snap shot ... CUT to : 53 int . FBI office - mackelway' cubicle - morning 53 the number of have you see I 's have now grow , quite a bit . 45 page sit stack on mackelway 's desk . 45 victim . he grab the stack , rise . head for the Conference room , he nearly bump into Katie , the receptionist , round a corner . mackelway ' scuse I . she smile . he carry the have you see I 's into : 54 int . FBI office - conference room - continuing 54 a room have be dedicated solely to that three murder . on a erasure board be the word : the " o'ryan " room . on one wall be the map mackelway take from hope House : over a thousand city circle by o'ryan himself . mackelway put down the stack of have you see I 's . pick up a box of yellow stick - pin , affixing they to the map - one for every fax face . here 's " Jason Corey , Age 14 . " last see in " Riverside , ca. " on " 10 - 16 - 99 . " sure enough , o'ryan have circle " Riverside , ca. " on this map . next to it he would write " 10 - 16 . " mackelway stick a yellow pin in Riverside . next , the fax concern " Anna casitas , Age 22 . " last see ? " macon , ga. " on " 5 - 6-00 . " of course , o'ryan have circle " macon " too . beside it he would write " 5 - 6 . " so macon get a yellow pin . 38 . mackelway continue , as : fran ( o.s. ) get nothing on the last fax . mackelway turn . in come Fran . fran ( cont 'd ) come from a business center at a mariott in Dallas . nobody see who send it . mackelway nod . then they both turn ... charlton enter the room . charlton whadda we know about the map ? mackelway it match the fax , sir. almost perfectly . charlton approach the map : 1,242 city , circle in red . mackelway continue with the yellow pin : one for every have you see I ? ( 45 of they so far . ) charlton eye the stack . 45 have you see I 's ... then the map : 1,242 city . each with a date beside it . charlton why 's greenville in blue ? ( mackelway have put a yellow pin beside a dozen city ... but tiny greenville , Texas have a blue pin beside it . ) mackelway only city where the date on the fax and the date on the map do not correspond . he pull out a fax from the stack : a Korean boy name " Steven Kim . Age 16 . last see : greenville , tx. date of disappearance : 8-7-98 . " mackelway ( cont 'd ) fax list the date of disappearance as August 7 . on the map he 's write " 10 - 26 . " the date on o'ryan 's map read " 10 - 26 " beside greenville , tx. so greenville get the only blue pin on this map . charlton note today 's date : October 17 ... 39 . charlton any of this body be recover ? mackelway two so far . female , disappear from dayton , Ohio on April 12 . and a male , trenton , New Jersey , January 5th . on the map , dayton 's get " 4 /12 " write beside it . trenton have " 1 / 5 . " both have yellow pin in they . mackelway ( cont 'd ) but both body be find over a thousand mile from where they would last be see . one in Montana , the other in Oregon . get autopsy report on both . charlton look to the table , where autopsy report and autopsy photo sit - two victim we have never see before . we see the victims photograph face up , face down , waist and above , waist and below . charlton give the photo a cursory glance , nothing more . but we notice something , on one of the body : the male from trenton - a odd burn MARK on he lower leave calf . look almost symmetrical , horizontal across the calf ... charlton either of the body have the zero on they ? mackelway no , sir. charlton , frustrated , shove that autopsy photo aside . we look to that map , a handful of yellow pin in it ... dissolve to : ... that same map , over a hundre yellow pin in it now . 55 int . FBI office - " o'ryan room " - night 55 it 's 8:30 at night . mackelway be alone in here - stare at the map . he 's be do a lot of that lately . the stack of have you see I 's have grow as well . every one of they correspond to a yellow pin on the map . 40 . ( some of the have you see I 's have arrive via U.S. mail . we see a stack of envelope in a box , each seal in plastic , each stamp and address to mackelway . ) mackelway eye the map , puzzle . Fran 's right beside he . assorted papers and lead fill this room , include photo he take himself with that minox . fran why you ? mackelway huh ? fran he could be send this to any agent in any office in the country ... but he 's send they to you . why ? mackelway 's be ask himself that same question lately . mackelway I do not know . phone ring . she grab it . fran ( into phone ) this be agent kulok . ( a beat ) who 's call ? she hear the answer , then cover the phone . fran ( cont 'd ) ( to mackelway : ) do you know a professor name daitz ? say he 's from tulane . mackelway ( eagerly ) yeah . criminal psych . I have be trading e- mail with he . fran ( into phone ) one moment , please ... she hand he the phone ... CUT to : 41 . 56 ext . tulane university - establishing - night 56 a beautiful campus , quiet tonight . in its center lie a vast , expensive structure - the Behavioral Sciences Building . the place go on forever . 57 int . tulane - behavioral science build - same 57 mackelway exit a elevator on the " B -1 level . " corridor octopus they way from this elevator , confusing we ... 58 int . build corridor - moment later 58 every door look the same . mackelway follow the number - can not believe how long this hallway be . turn a corner . Air can be hear , move through the corridor . but he have find the right number , at last . a tiny card fastened to a wall read , " Dr. emile daitz , Professor emeritus , criminal psychology . " it also list he office hour . mackelway knock at a door . mackelway Professor daitz ? o'ryan ( o.s. ) yes ? mackelway open the door . look inside . here sit o'ryan , look as much like a tweedy professor as he can look . he rise , smile warmly . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) agent mackelway . come in ... CUT to : 59 int . daitz ' office - later night 59 a tiny , cramped hovel . book , papers , and all of it jamme to overflow . mackelway sit across from o'ryan ... o'ryan ( as " daitz : " ) ... the name of this theory be " suspect Zero . " ( mackelway nod ) the idea of suspect Zero posit that if a serial killer be diabolical enough , he could traverse the country without ever be catch , kill randomly . 42 . there 's a collection here in a glass case : ancient weapon - crude knife , sword , blow -dart . mackelway note they . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) tell I , what make a killer catchable ? mackelway pattern , repetition of behavior . o'ryan now imagine a killer with no pattern , no tell - tale fetish , no ritual , no hide desire to be catch . a perfect vessel of evil , kill without ever leave a single meaningful clue in he wake ... he would be immune to capture , would not he ? you task force , you forensics team - they would be helpless . mackelway look over daitz ' bookshelf : volume after volume about evil , the devil , the mind of sociopath , the history of serial - killer , ritual killer , tribal rite ... mackelway be that something you believe in , Professor ? evil ? o'ryan as a citizen of the world , it 's hard not to . would not you say ? ( mackelway can not argue ) evil be all around we , I think - a part of the natural order of thing . like gravity . like wind . a vast black wave , corrupt everything it touch . a virus invade a cell , cause it to dysfunction . perfectly logical . but do it ever occur to you that something may have invade that virus , something capable of use it to mutate so powerfully ? mackelway pause , consider that . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) just because something 's invisible to we do not mean it do not exist . mackelway be silent : something 's off here . but he can not say for sure just yet what it be ... o'ryan ( cont 'd ) have you ever see a fifty - foot shark ? 43. that be not just the echo of a question he 's hear before ; it be a red flag . a big one . mackelway tighten . mackelway I be sorry ? o'ryan a shark , as we know , will only attack human if he run out of food . but biologist have theorize that for a shark of fifty foot the ocean would be a endless buffet . he would never run out of food , so he would have no need to come to the surface . consequently , we would never see he . do you follow ? ( mackelway do not ) we will never see one . but that do not mean they do not exist . hence suspect Zero . mackelway eye that book on evil , then that ancient weapon ... casually , almost imperceptibly , he reach for he sidearm , as o'ryan continue : o'ryan ( cont 'd ) some of my colleague think I be fascinate with evil . I think the truth be just the opposite : evil be fascinate with we . what better vehicle could there be for create havoc in the world - what better instrument - than man ? we be vain , we be stubborn , we be deceitful , we have a imagination that be limitless in its perversion . of course evil keep try to harness we . would not you ? the more he talk , the closer mackelway come to extract that gun ... then , disturbing the silence , a knock at the door . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . o'ryan rise , go to the door ... as mackelway unholster he gun . o' Ryan open the door . stand here be a coed , with a backpack . she look confuse . coed oh. I be sorry . I be look for Professor -- 44 . just like that , o'ryan have bolt past the coed , literally toss she onto mackelway , explode into the hall . she scream . mackelway grab she , move she aside as gently as time allow , then blow out of the room ... 60 int . build - basement corridor - continuing 60 o'ryan turn a corner , vanish . mackelway follow . 61 int . build - corridor corner - continuing 61 mackelway find himself face another endless corridor : one door after another , for what seem like a mile . but no o'ryan . then mackelway spot a exit sign . a stairwell ... 62 int . stairwell - continuing 62 mackelway enter . the stair go six storey up from here ... and one story down . a sub-basement . it 's a guess . he descend , gun draw . 63 int . sub - basement - continuing 63 mackelway emerge . " B - 2 " look a lot like B - 1 : long and endless . we hear air move around we , pipe carry water , the wheeze of a old generator ... and , on all side of we , dooe , a mile of they : maintenance office , supply room , lab . he open one - a janitor 's supply . no one in here . tries another door . lock . a second . lock . a third . lock . Air suck through a corridor around we . he think he hear footstep around a corner . run at they . 64 int . sub - basement - corner - continuing 64 nothing . no one . just another vast corridor . more door . then , a sound . glass , shatter on the floor . he run down the corridor , pass a long metal cage that house this building 's five furnace . they be old and wheezy . it 's dark behind they , shadowy . not a bad place to hide . farther down the corridor be another door - make of frost glass . a sign on it read " neuropsychiatric Lab . " that 's where the sound come from ... he think . 45 . 65 int . sub - basement - lab - continuing 65 mackelway enter . the lab be dark . he throw on every light switch within reach ... and find himself stand over the shard of what use to be a glass beaker . so he 's in the right place . he scan it : five row of work - station , ten microscope per row , each with a sink beside it . line the wall be wide cabinet . but there 's also a mini - library down here : four row of bookshelves , housing medical journal . this be the " stack " - perfect for hide behind . he plunge in . row # 1 . do not see anyone . then row # 2 , row # 3 , row # 4 . okay , the stack check out ... he walk along the row of work -station , scan , crouching , nudging open cabinet . one have be open : bottle of solution sit inside it . and a jar that 's be unseal : it 's get gauze pad in it ... in the back of the room , a instructor's desk await . it 's tall enough to hide beneath . mackelway slink around it . kneel down , look into darkness ... then , a noise . the front door of this lab just swing open ... and o'ryan just bolt out . fuck . 66 int . sub - basement - corridor - continuing 66 mackelway emerge from the lab . that furnace whine beside he on the other side of that cage . but a gate on that cage have be leave ajar ... 67 int . " furnace room " - continuing 67 five furnace , separate from the sub-basement corridor by steel mesh . mackelway enter . a few meager bulb burn . he move amidst shadow and noise : the chugge of engine , the hum , the wheeze , a slight vibration to the floor beneath we . he walk along the edge of furnace # 1 ... ... and be assault , from above . o'ryan fall on he , knock mackelway hard into the sharp corner of that furnace , then down to the ground . mackelway 's gun skid across the floor . and he mouth , suddenly , have be cover with gauze . 46 . he want to fight back ... but suddenly he find that he head be swim . something 's on that gauze . the room be get fuzzy . we see the belly of a furnace - flame , heat . then we own blood ... ( mackelway 's chest be tear open by the corner of that furnace . ) wait . do we just see the glint of a knife ? o'ryan be lean over we , in utter control . then o'ryan 's head turn , abruptly - at the sound of footstep . and we hear : male voice ( o.s. ) hey ! you ! what be you do down here ! we turn , groggily . two janitor rush toward we , key jangling . it 's all foggy , wavy , distort . we see o'ryan rise . then everything go black ... CUT to : 68 int . a hospital room - morning 68 mackelway 's head be ringing . feel like he can hear electricity in the wall around he . slowly , he awaken . above he be fluorescent light . monitor blink ... Fran be here . so 's charlton . mackelway try to sit up . the shock of pain from he chest stop he . fran how ya doin ' ? mackelway half - nod . his chest be bandage . charlton we be gonna need everything you can remember about this guy , Tom . physical description , any kind of distinguishing characteristic . that be terse . charlton look pretty piss -off . mackelway ( scratchy ) where be he ? charlton the suspect fle . couple janitor walk in on it . ( before mack can ask : ) ( more ) 47 . charlton ( cont 'd ) they be fine . but the description they give of he be not worth a damn . mackelway nod . charlton ( cont 'd ) case you be curious the real Professor daitz be on sabbatical , out of the country . we can not find he . ( mackelway nod ) whose idea be it to meet there ? mackelway his , sir. charlton uh-huh . do he ask you to come alone ? mackelway no , sir. charlton but you figure you would get a bigger pat on the head if you wrap this whole thing up without any help - be that it ? the truth ? charlton have he peg . but : fran Sir , I be the one who take the call . agent mackelway be act under the assumption that I would already check the guy out . we be both to blame . hold it . that be a major exaggeration , if not a outright lie . mackelway eye she , throw . she 's poker - face . charlton , however , seem unmove ... charlton do agent mackelway attend the interview unaccompany ? fran ( reluctantly ) yes , Sir . charlton then whose fuck - up be it ? mackelway eye she : " thanks for try . " she nod . 48 . mackelway ( at charlton ) it be ... poor judgment , sir. charlton you wanna work alone , start you own agency . mackelway can do nothing but nod . then , bail he out , another composite artist enter , tool in hand . charlton sigh , frustrated . charlton ( cont 'd ) ( be : composite artist ) let 's get you two start . composite artist be ready to begin ... CUT to : 69 int . baptist church - day 69 a lively Sunday service . lot of baptist , sing a rouse spiritual . Music and praise fill the room . we move along the pews , until we come to the very back row ... there , one man sit . alone. quiet . o'ryan . odd expression on he face - it 's as if he can not hear this rouse music , or feel the power of this place . people in the next row be stomping they foot . Music soar . but o'ryan just drop he head , slowly ... and begin to weep in the middle of this boisterous congregation . outside , a 18- wheel truck can be hear , rumbling by with great force . no one else in here seem to hear it . but o'ryan shut he eye tight , grieve , sobbing ... 70 ext . STREET - outside the church - continuing 70 that truck have just thunder by , leave a swirl of debris in its wake . we tilt up from it ... to find that that stormcloud once in the distance be upon we now . and they be pulsing with menace . rain , wind , lightning , thunder . like a black wave , about to descend ... 71 intercut with / int . FBI office - " fax room " - same 71 one of that five fax machine begin to ring . then it begin to print . 49 . it 's a Sunday . no one 's here ... but we get a look at what 's come in . same top - sheet again : " attention agent Thomas mackelway " etc . continue intercut : this income fax , set against a few tableaus of americana . innocence ... 72 ext . high school football stadium - same 72 a high school marching band be out here , practice . cheerleader work on they routine nearby . then a loud whistle sound . it 's the band - leader , who be take note of the weather gather overhead . the music from the band cease . band -leader everybody into the gym ! the band - member start to move . lightning erupt overhead . 73 ext . unidentified home - backyard - same 73 a unnamed mother emerge onto she back - porch , where she five - year old daughter be have a playdate with a friend . this house border a wood area . that wind be start to make the tree swirl . mother Girls , I want you to come in now . startin ' to rain . the girl sigh , disappointed , decide instead to hide themselves inside the tent they have erect out here . they giggle . the mother do not . continue intercut : 74 int . FBI office - " fax room " - resuming 74 that fax be now printing page after page . photo with have you see I ? across the top and vital across the bottom . but this time the transmission be not stop at five . there be at least ten sit in the tray . maybe twenty . faces. eyes. stat . location . innocence violate ... 75 ext . park - same 75 a soccer game 's be call in the middle of the second half . parent and they uniform 12 year -old scatter . rain be pour down now , blow sideways by that wind . 50 . 76 int . the 18 - wheeler - same 76 that massive , gleam beast that rumble past the church now roll right by this park - as all of that kid and they parent scramble for the shelter of they car . the windshield wiper on this truck push water away , give we a clear look at the wet suburban chaos . 77 int . baptist church - resuming 77 the faithful in here keep sing , they voice full with praise - despite the heavy weather outside . they feel safe in here . we move along the pews ... ... until we find o'ryan' . he 's not here anymore . 78 ext . baptist church - same 78 o'ryan lean against the door of the church , pelt by that heavy rain . bam ! here come that image again : 79 ext . wheat field - night - resuming 79 tall wheat , whipped by wind and rain . a muzzle-flash . the sound of a body slumping hard to the ground . ... and mackelway , look over we . then : 80 ext . baptist church - resuming 80 we be back with o'ryan . he lean against the door , he torment constant . he walk away from the church , into that heavy rain . 81 int . FBI office - " fax room " - resuming 81 the fax tray have overflown onto the floor - 200 more photo , 200 more have you see I 's . forgotten victim . we hear a last rumble from that 18 - wheeler . end intercut ... CUT to : 82 int . FBI office - " o'ryan room " - late night 82 now there be 800 yellow pin stick in this map - one for every single fax or letter that 's be receive in the past week . 51 . 800 face . 800 have you see I 's , represent by 800 pin in 800 city . it 's like a national plague . mackelway sit , examine it soberly . his chest - wound be kill he . ( we see a thick bandage beneath he shirt . ) in he pocket now be a bottle of prescription pill . percodan . he slug one down without water , he eye never straying from that map . beside it be a composite drawing from o'ryan , take from mackelway 's description . it 's dead - on ... CUT to : 83 ext . longhorn diner wichita fall - night - establishing 83 this be the lone source of light on a otherwise dark stretch of road . mackelway 's yukon pull up . 84 int . longhorn diner wichita fall - moment later 84 hardly a sound in here . mackelway stand at the register , pay for he take - out . another night with nothing but he thought for company . great . then : a young woman' voice ( o.s. ) agent mackelway ? it 's Katie , the receptionist from he office - sit by herself in a nearby booth . mackelway smile . katie ( cont 'd ) hi. CUT to : 85 int . katie' apartment - bedroom - later night 85 inexpensive , but furnish with all the touch that mackelway 's apartment lack : flea-market stuff , lace , antique book , photo from other era . character . and candle . lot of candle . they throw shadow of mackelway and Katie all over the wall . a odd music fill the room , come from a boom - BOX on the floor . it 's a rhythmic navajo chant , with Native - american drum provide the pulse . it 's eery , tuneless , but awfully authentic ... and it fit the intensity of the moment : mackelway and Katie , coupling madly , they eye lock . she 's breathless . 52 . first time we have see he shirtless since he injury in that furnace room . a fat bandage cover a quarter of he chest . dried blood can be see beneath it . there 's a intensity in he eye . the chant , the candle , Katie 's body , he wound ... they have conspire to bring a intensity into he eye . it 's dark , primal . and he 's be express it for a hour without relent ... which be why Katie gasp one last gasp , then roll to the edge of the bed , exhaust . she reach for that boom -box , lower the volume . the chant die down into silence . she catch she breath . katie ( softly ) I can not anymore . mackelway eye she , then reach past she , and turn the volume on that boom - box back up . the chant fill the room again . and just like that , he have pull she back onto he , urgently . that primal side have not be sate yet ... CUT to : 86 int . katie' apt . - bathroom - later night 86 mackelway stand at the mirror , change the dress on that wound across he chest . he unwrap the gauze over that fat bandage soak through with blood . he pull the bandage off , give we a better look at the deep gash . dried blood , tear skin , bruise . look like hell . but mackelway eye it calmly . he slug down some beer from a nearby bottle , then clean the wound with some hydrogen peroxide ... as Katie appear in the doorway . she eye he . katie can not sleep ? he shrug , turn . mackelway what be that music ? katie it 's navajo . a song for dead warrior . I never play it for anybody before . ( more ) 53. katie ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) just have a feel you would like it . mackelway how ? katie I dunno . the way you stare when you think nobody 's look . she shrug . silence hover ... CUT to : 87 int . katie' apt . - bedroom - pre -dawn 87 4:30 a.m. rain pound the window and roof , a real storm out there . the boom box be still . the candle be down to they nub . Katie continue to sleep . mackelway too . then he eye SNAP OPEN . something just hit he , something huge . one of that 4:30 - in- the-morn idea that have to be express . now . CUT to : 88 int . HOTEL hallway - 5 a.m. 88 mackelway stand outside room 217 at a mariott . he 's just knock on the door . Fran open it , in a robe . very confuse . he look manic . fran what be you -- mackelway I can not get a read on this guy . two minute ago , she be sound asleep . fran huh ? mackelway why be he send we all this shit ? I have get 800 pin in that map , 800 miss people . what 's he tell we ? she get it now : he 's on a combination of painkiller and lack of sleep . or maybe she can sense where he 's be ... 54 . mackelway ( cont 'd ) ( rapid-fire ) he kill a travel salesman , then a school - teacher . then starkey ? it do not connect . fran you be a mess ... mackelway I be fine . I be clear . I just do not think this could wait . Fran , this guy be try to point we at something . starkey 's part of it . but the other two do not connect . fran do you drive here ? mackelway I be fine ! I just need somebody to think this through with I ! he want to meet I . it 's like he be interview I somehow . what be that ? then he kill starkey . so what be he do with speck and fulcher ? fran you wanna come in ? mackelway no. no . you come out . get dress . fran out where ? mackelway I dunno . somewhere . we be right on the edge of this thing . she study he . a long beat . fran I be go back to bed . you be welcome to the couch if you want . I think you could do with some sleep . he sag a bit . she reach for he hand . fran ( cont 'd ) ( gently ) mack ... 55 . just like that , there be contact . they hand . it surprise they both . he appreciate it , but now 's not the time . so he smile thinly , turn , and go . she watch he vanish around a corner . CUT to : 89 ext . harold speck's house - 6:00 a.m. 89 we have be to this house before . suburbia . mackelway sit in he car , at the curb , study the place . rain fall in sheet , wind blow . and there he be , all alone , six in the morning , stare at a house . that idea - the think that snap he eye open - it 's still work on he . beside he be the drawing that be find in speck 's car : the rendering of a steamer - trunk , line with plastic , contain body part in plastic bag ... mackelway seem to be fixate on it now . CUT to : 90 ext . speck's house - 9:15 a.m. 90 a hand knock on the front door . Jan speck open up . jan ( hope for good news : ) agent mackelway ? mackelway stand in the doorway , rain fall behind he . mackelway ( all business ) Mrs. speck . just have a few more question . CUT to : 91 int . speck's house - live room - moment later 91 mackelway sit at the window , look over the backyard . nothing special out here : some tree , a swing , a storm - cellar door . but he 's stare at it , intently . we be not sure why . 56 . behind he , Jan re-enter , purse over she shoulder , umbrella in hand . she grab he cup of coffee and saucer from the coffee table . jan I be sorry I do not have more time , agent mackelway . it 's my pta Day . mackelway it 's fine . I should have call . she smile tightly : " I have to go now " and head for the kitchen . once she 's there , mackelway turn to the back door and unlocks it , eyeing that storm - cellar outside ... she leave the cup in the sink . he enter the kitchen . jan I hope I be of some help . mackelway you be . thanks . jan a friend of mine say I will feel like this one month for every year we be together . sort of a grieve rule - of - thumb . have you ever hear that ? mackelway ( gently ) no. sorry . she half -smile . he turn to the door . turn back . mackelway ( cont 'd ) oh . there be one other thing : do he keep any kind of chemical around the house ? acid , that sort of thing ? jan no . why ? he shrug , dismiss it : mackelway it 's nothing . trace element we find on he trunk . any interest in chemistry ? maybe as a hobby ? Jan pause for a moment , as if recover a faint memory ... then she shake it off . he let it go . 57 . mackelway ( cont 'd ) anyway , thank you . and thanks for the coffee . next time I will call first , I promise . jan no trouble at all . CUT to : 92 ext . speck's house - moment later 92 mackelway sit in he car . through he windshield we see Jan as she back out of the driveway . she pull past we , give mackelway as friendly a wave as a grieve widow can give . he wave back . then she 's go , disappear around a corner . mackelway pause a beat , check he rear-view mirror to be sure . then he get out of he car ... CUT to : 93 ext . speck's house - side gate - moment later 93 mackelway sneak around the side of the house , pull on a lever to unlatch the side - gate . 94 ext . speck's house - backyard - continuing 94 he emerge into the tiny backyard , make a bee-line for that storm cellar door . he know he should not be do this . it 's beyond risky . but here he be , without a warrant . there 's no lock on the cellar door . he reach for it . then he stop himself . just notice something : a neighbor - lady , visible just over speck 's backyard fence , be look right at he through she bedroom window . fuck it . he enter the storm cellar . 95 int . speck's STORM cellar - continuing 95 Seven step , lead to a dusty cement floor . mackelway look around . 58 . facing he be the thing a meticulous man would store in case of disaster : can of food , sternos , sleep mat , drum of potable water . and long foot-lockers . two of they . that 's where mackelway 's eye go , instantly . he hurry to they . throw one open . nothing but sheet and blanket inside . he paw through it ... find nothing else . he throw the other trunk open . Inside ? pillow . fuck . he slam it shut , look to that can of food , stack on shelf . he approach the shelf , jostling can from they row , make more noise than he ought to . but he find nothing behind they ... except more can . he approach that two huge drum of water , lug they aside . behind they be a tall cupboard , lock . he pull at the cupboard door , hard . it splinter . Inside , a rifle and some box of ammo ... same as you would find in every other storm - cellar in Texas . he pause : be I crazy ...? CUT to : 96 ext . speck's backyard - moment later 96 he emerge from the storm - cellar , confuse . shut the storm - cellar door . then he turn . something else just catch he eye : above speck 's bedroom window be another window , a tiny one . a attic ... he head for that unlocked back door , and enter ... 97 int . speck's house - live room - continuing 97 he hurry toward the stair , reach they ... then spot something through the entry Hall window : on the street outside , pull up to the curb ... be a police car . siren off . that neighbor - Lady must have place the call . and here 's mackelway , without a warrant . shit . two abilene cop get out , approach the house . mackelway climb the stair . 59 . 98 int . speck's house - stair - continuing 98 if he stay quiet , he might just pull this off . 99 int . speck's house - second story - continuing 99 a tiny hallway , with four door . up ahead , dangle from the ceiling , be a tiny rope which promise a set of hide fold - out stair ... and a attic . mackelway tug on the rope . the fold - out stair drop down out of the ceiling . then he hear : neighbor lady ( o.s. ) he 's inside ! he 's inside ! go in through the back ! ... which mean he have mere second before this all blow to hell . so he climb up that fold - out stair . the two abilene cop now circle the house , enter through the back - porch door , just as mackelway do . he pull up the fold stair . maybe the guy will do a half - ass search and then leave ... 100 int . speck's house - attic_ - continuing 100 mackelway look around : lot of dusty junk around here - old clothes , memento . ... and one more trunk . a steamer-trunk . huge . and lock . look just like the one in that drawing render by o'ryan ... mackelway race for it . take out he gun , use the butt - end to bust the lock off . throw it open . ... as we hear the sound of that fold - out step , be tug down from the second - floor hallway . and : abilene cop # 1 ( o.s. ) freeze , asshole ! the cop be just ten foot away , most of he still conceal by that step - gun train right on we . but mackelway seem utterly untrouble . mackelway ( calmly ) it 's okay , fellas . FBI . 60 . abilene cop # 1 I will bet . mackelway drop he gun , kick it toward the cop , who do not quite know what to make of that . also confusing he be the odd smile play its way across mackelway 's face . but we understand it now : the inside of that steamer - trunk be fill with body part : bag , stack , and seal in Ziploc ... powder lime be sprinkle on they . mackelway stare , at once satisfied and sicken . cop # 1 can be hear , approach across the attic floor . his gun be draw ... ... until he too see what 's in there . abilene cop # 1 ( cont 'd ) oh Jesus Christ ... CUT to : ...a Grammar - School CLASS picture : of barney fulcher and he 2nd grader , sit on a mantle . we be ... 101 int . fulcher be home - live room - boulder - day 101 that picture sit beside other photo , award , plaque - all celebrate fulcher 's career in Colorado education . we turn away from that mantle , blow through this modest live room , find a open door - lead down to : 102 int . fulcher be home - basement - continuing 102 down the step we go , until we hear the hum of a old freezer . we turn toward the sound . the freezer be open . a team of forensics guy study it . Inside this freezer , freeze into a block of ice ... be six female hand . no arm , no head . just six slender hand , each with a wedding band on the ring finger . mackelway stand in the back of this basement , take it all in . he look to charlton , who be expressionless . CUT to : 61 . 102a ext . fulcher's house - dusk 102 a Close on mackelway as he return to he yukon satisfied . he be pleased with himself . out of nowhere , a firm hand grasp he right shoulder stop he . mackelway turn abruptly , find himself sandwich between he yukon and charlton , who be now in he face . charlton listen to I cowboy . you have any idea the kind of favor I have to pull with the abilene cop to cover you ass ?! mackelway Sir ... charlton ( not allow he to talk ) break and entering the speck house without a shred of evidence and no warrant ?! mackelway ( not go down without a fight ) the sample I take from speck 's bumper ... it 's crystallize sulfuric acid mix with oil of clove , the clove neutralize the odor of the acid . charlton shake he head , he be not get through . mackelway ( cont 'd ) it be speck not he killer who be hide something . charlton ever ask yourself why a big shot agent from Dallas get send down to the wichita Falls field Office ? I will give you two word ... Hell I will even write it down for ya . charlton lean in to emphasize he point . he pull out a pad and pencil from he breast pocket and write what he say use mackelway 's chest as support . it 's humiliate . charlton ( cont 'd ) " evidentiary procedure . " do not talk about it . learn it . 62 . that word just hang there , haunt mackelway . charlton tear off the sheet with that two word and stuff they into mackelway 's hand . charlton ( cont 'd ) turn out you be right about this guy . you be right about both of they . but that do not change the fact that you go about you business like a rookie . get it ? charlton turn , the buzz of a street lamp break the silence throw a circle of light around the yukon . mackelway watch as charlton put on he headlight and drive away . a sudden gust of wind tear that piece of paper out of mackelway 's hand , he stare at it , as it disappear into darkness . 103 int . FBI office - the o'ryan room - evening 103 everything yet know about the murder of speck , fulcher , and starkey fill the wall space in here : we see o'ryan 's map : all that yellow pin ... and the one blue one , ( greenville , tx . ) also , that drawing : of the ghastly Ziploc bag inside a steamer trunk . damn thing seem prescient now . Agents mill about , await a conference . grieve ( pass by ) Nice job , mack . mackelway thanks . a few other agent also pat he on the back . Fran 's proud of he too - we can see it . in fact everyone in here seem to be give mackelway he due . it all feel good . charlton enter . charlton seat please . the agent find seat around the table . charlton take he place at the head of it . 63. charlton ( cont 'd ) ( to the assemble : ) okay . we have get a serial killer of serial killer . Fran scribbles something on a piece of paper : " what a genius ! " slide it over . mackelway conceal the note , as : charlton ( cont 'd ) ( still grand -stand ) he 's a transient with a history of mental illness . he also happen to think he 's a former agent of this Bureau . and he be pursue something that he call " suspect Zero . " anybody get anything intelligent to say ? nobody 's volunteering . there 's just silence . charlton ( cont 'd ) ( familiar refrain ) that 's what I think ... CUT to : 104 omit 104 105 ext . wichita fall FBI office - parking lot - night 105 mackelway exit the office , head for he yukon . then he stop ... because Katie be wait out here , lean against she Toyota camry . mackelway ( fondly ) hey . katie somethin ' , huh ? guy with a wife and kid keepin ' body in he attic ? he nod ... but what be she do out here ? mackelway yeah . ( a beat ) you okay ? katie yeah . just ... wonder if you could do I a favor . 64 . mackelway wait ... as Katie hand over a manila envelope . mackelway open it . Inside , a photo of a heartbreakingly - sweet 22 year - old girl name karen sumpter , with a attach sheet list she vital : height , weight , age , etc . another face . another disappearance ... katie ( cont 'd ) her name 's Karen sumpter . we be friend . ( almost reluctantly ) she disappear last year . nobody know where . she be a little wild , but not like that . her sadness be obvious . mackelway nod . katie ( cont 'd ) anyway , I know you be gonna be in on the autopsy - of the girl they find over at speck 's . figure you might see if one of them be ... her voice trail off . this be hard . katie ( cont 'd ) if it be , I would like to be the one to notify she folk . out family have be friend for year . mackelway ( gently ) sure . of course . katie thanks ... ' night . mackelway put the envelope under he arm . she start up the camry . the sky rumble . he eye she . for some reason , she have not pull away yet ... smash CUT to : 106 int . katie' bedroom - night 106 candle . shadows on the wall ... and mackelway and Katie , at it again , with the sound of that eery navajo chanting come from the boom -box . 65 . mackelway be study she , stare into she eye , she breathe . she 's beginning to climax now ... and that eye go wider . we move into they , and : we be abruptly slammed , again , into another set of that odd , disjointed image from that unidentified place : 107 ext . darkness - unidentified time - night 107 wet wind in a blur of gray . the sound of we own heavy breathe . a voice rise above the wind , plead : ( o.s. ) please ... 108 int . katie' bedroom - resuming 108 she be utterly lose now . and that chanting seem to have get louder somehow . image flick at we now : cull from that book on tribal ritual and trance , find at the halfway house : a tribesman with eye roll back in he head , foam at the mouth . mackelway try to shake it off , try to keep he focus on Katie . he bury he head into she neck , as : 109 ext . wheat field - night 109 tall wheat , wet wind . then a muzzle flash , and a body slumping to the ground . and suddenly we be in : 110 int . another unidentified motel room - denton , TEXAS - night 110 o' Ryan , at a desk . he have just " remote view " this image somehow . and they have leave he rattle . it 's time to get out of this room . quickly . CUT to : 111 ext . road - denton , TEXAS - same ( night ) 111 a steal , non-descript chevy pull out of a motel room parking lot , on to the street . 112 int . stolen car - drive - continuing 112 o'ryan be behind the wheel , drive . 66 . 113 int . stolen car - drive - moment later ( dusk ) 113 the radio be blasting - anything to shake that image out of he head . driving , unsettle ... which may be why he do not notice that there 's a siren wail behind he . he look in the rear-view . a TEXAS state trooper be on he tail . shit. o'ryan tighten , pull over ... 114 int . / ext . stolen car - roadside - continuing 114 the trooper approach , note the condition of the vehicle . he stand before o'ryan 's window . o' Ryan 's face reveal no evidence at all of anxiety . trooper even . o'ryan even , Officer . trooper see you license , Sir ? o'ryan ' course . be there a problem ? o'ryan reach into he back pocket , produce a i.d. hand it over . trooper eye it . accord to this i.d. , we be now stare at " James garvey " from littleton , Colorado . but the trooper do not seem too convinced . trooper see you registration , please ? o'ryan sure . o'ryan open up the glove compartment , start search through it . but it 's a stall , that 's obvious . trooper mind step out of the car , please ? o'ryan pause . there be no way in hell he 's go to let himself get deterr by a State trooper . but he get out . 115 ext . roadside - continuing 115 trooper eye he with caution . o' Ryan hold he hand in front of he chest , keep they visible to the guy . 67 . o'ryan Officer , I be carry something that could be construe as a weapon . I would like to hand it over , voluntarily , so you will not think I be try to conceal anything . would that be all right ? trooper what kind of weapon , Sir ? o'ryan it 's a hunt knife , right here on my hip . trooper note the shape of that large , sheathed knife - the one o'ryan butcher starkey with - visible beneath o'ryan 's shirt . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) I be on my way to the wood . my gear 's in the trunk . ( trooper doubt it ) would you like I to hand it to you ? I do not know what the procedure be for something like this . trooper take the weapon off you hip , place it on the ground , and kick it toward I . o'ryan happy to . o' Ryan take the knife off he hip . the size of it get some attention from the trooper . trooper what exactly be you plan on hunt , Sir ? o'ryan a fifty - foot shark . no reply . o' Ryan drop the menace knife to the ground and kick it toward the trooper . trooper , slowly , kneel down to get it - never take he eye off o'ryan . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ya know , I use to be in law enforcement too . 68 . trooper ( kneel ) that right ? o'ryan mmm-hmmm . FBI . ' course this be some year ago . trooper grab the knife , straighten . examine it . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) psy ops. classify . trooper have anything to drink tonight , Sir ? under medication of any kind ? a 18-wheel truck rumble by , distracting o'ryan ... rendering he immobile for a moment . trooper ( cont 'd ) Sir ? o'ryan oh. sorry . just find myself wonder what be inside that truck . trooper Sir , I be go to ask you to hand I the key to you vehicle , please . o'ryan of course . o'ryan open the car door . we steal a look inside . ...he 's get a gun under the front seat . in a flash , that gun be in he hand and point right at the forehead of that trooper . trooper know he 's be have . and he know that he 's about to die ... CUT to : 116 omit 116 117 ext . mackelway' apartment - doorway - evening 117 mackelway approach , carry a greasy bag : another frito pie and a soda . fumble with he key ... then he notice something , wait on he doorstep . 69 . it 's a thick file , roughly 150 page , in a folder . the word " mackelway " be write across the front . he lean down , open the folder . the light be spotty out here ... but it 's just strong enough to show we the expression on he face : a look of pure awe . 118 int . mackelway' apartment - entry - continuing 118 the door burst open . the greasy bag and the soda fall to the floor . mackelway hurry to a phone , clutching that file . he dial hurriedly . 119 intercut with / int . fran be car - same 119 we be in a parking lot outside a wal -mart . Fran 's just throw a bag into she Ford Taurus . her cel - phone ring . she grab it . fran ( into cel ) kulok . mackelway ( into phone ) he really be FBI . fran huh ? mackelway o'ryan . he leave he file on my doorstep . Fran , he be FBI . he can barely believe it himself , but we get a look at what be in that file now ; page be splay across mackelway 's coffee table : a copy of a FBI i.d. badge , xerox memoe , test score , citation , evaluation , report . the entire career of special agent Benjamin o'ryan ... in black and white . fran that 's impossible . mackelway I be look at he whole history ! citation , letter of commendation , even he fuck test score from quantico . the guy be a agent . fran I do not believe it . mackelway listen to I -- 70 . then we hear a beep . call - wait . great . mackelway ( cont 'd ) shit ! hold on . that irritate she . mackelway click over . mackelway ( cont 'd ) yes ? o'ryan ( thru phone ) read anything interesting lately ? mackelway 's eye go wide . mackelway where be you ? click . o' Ryan 's just hang up . mackelway ( cont 'd ) shit ! he stare at the phone , then click over again , re-connect to Fran . mackelway ( cont 'd ) that be he . fran he call you at home ? mackelway yes . beep . call - wait again . fran Jesus . call I back . mackelway click over again without say goodbye . mackelway ( into phone ) o'ryan ? o'ryan ( thru phone ) I have find he , you know . mackelway who ? o'ryan Zero . 71 . mackelway Zero 's a myth . you make he up . o'ryan myth do not kidnap little boy . do they ? mackelway do you ? sound like o'ryan just laugh ... then , another curve : o'ryan be she pretty ? mackelway huh ? o'ryan I could hear she moan , right under the navajo chant . Whole thing be downright tribal . what 's she look like ? that be unsettle . very . mackelway look around feel violate , feel " watch . " he draw the blind . double bolt the front door . run he hand under the window frame for any kind of wire tapping . but mackelway will not allow himself to over- react . not now , with o'ryan on the phone . mackelway ( calmly ) you tell I . o'ryan laugh . he like that . o'ryan Fair enough . we will stick to business : how would ya like my old room ? mackelway huh ? o'ryan " hope House . " you be there . how the hell do he know that ? it 's unsettle . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) dyson re-paint it ? ( no reply ) my room . do he re-paint it ? 72 . mackelway yeah . White . o'ryan ... but you see what be underneath , of course . mackelway no . tell I about it . o'ryan no . you tell I . click . o' Ryan just hang up . mackelway stare at the phone . CUT to : 120 int . hope house - foyer - night ( 9 p.m. ) 120 more rain fall outside . lightn too . mackelway wait here . piper 's in he usual spot in front of the tv . dyson descend the stair , a bit testy tonight . dyson welcome back . that have some edge . mackelway do not reply . CUT to : 121 int . hope house - oxryan' former room / hallway - night 121 mackelway stand in the center of this room , dyson in the doorway . that singer down the hall be at it again , off - key as ever . tonight it 's the " gilligan 's Island " theme - song . dyson I will be in my office . dyson back away , leave the door ajar . now mackelway be alone - eyeing the tiny bed , sink , window , the leaky ceiling , the bucket , the peel paint . this room be heaving with energy ... he sit on the bed , check he watch . 9:05 p.m. opposite this bed be that wall , re-paint in industrial white , with the hint of a shape underneath . it 's what mackelway 's come here to investigate . intercut with ... 73. 122 int . motel room - denton , TEXAS - same 122 o'ryan sit at a desk : eye close , write pad at he wrist . on it , more of that unidentifiable line become visible to we . they be call ideogram . he hold the point of he pen down upon one of they , as if receive information from it , and we jump back into : 123 int . hope house - oxryan' former room - resuming 123 mackelway . sitting . stare . outside this room we hear that awful , toneless sing as it fill the hallway . mackelway rise , approach that re-paint wall . he pull out he key . check to see that no one 's watch . 124 int . motel room - denton , TEXAS - resuming 124 o' Ryan , he pen on that pad , he concentration total . 125 int . hope house - oxryan' former room - resuming 125 we hear the sing , the tv , the rain , that bucket collect drip . semi-darkness ... until more lightning throw a burst of white light against that wall . a faint shape become visible , just beneath the white paint . then it vanish again . use he key , he begin to scratch away at the white paint . it 's a irrational thing to do - but in the context of the last few day it make a odd kind of sense . instantly , a hint of black can be see underneath ... 126 int . motel room - denton , TEXAS - resuming 126 o' Ryan , at that desk . outside , he can hear a 18 - wheel truck rumble by . he do not allow it to distract he . 127 int . hope house - oxryan' former room - resuming 127 mackelway scratch more of the white paint off of that wall . more blackness appear beneath it . then , a SOUND behind he . he turn . the door to this room just shut ; someone outside must have push it . he keep scratch at the paint . lightning rage outside . we pull back , away from that wall , which give we the opportunity to see something that mackelway be too close to the wall to see for himself : 74 . there be indeed a image beneath that thin coat of white paint . it be the shape of a vast , black wave . a hand - paint image as large as this wall itself . mackelway seem tiny by comparison , and the mere inch of black that he have uncover so far seem infinitesimal . in fact , it almost look as if the wave be poise to swallow he whole ... and he can not even see it . but we can . must have take o'ryan day to paint something this large . a vast , black wave . evil itself ... and mackelway , without meaning to , be about to unleash it . 128 int . motel room - denton , TEXAS - resuming 128 o' Ryan , somehow , seem to be sense what be go on in that room . or maybe he 's just feel the power of that wave , from memory . or maybe he 's just plain crazy . but he and mackelway , on some unspoken psychic level , be feed one another ... 129 int . hope house - oxryan' former room - resuming 129 mackelway chip away at that white paint , move rapidly , revealing more of the blackness underneath . we push in on it , move past mackelway and he frantic scraping . then we be beneath that thin coat of white , and : 130 int . inside the black wave - undetermine time 130 somehow , we have submerge into the wave itself . a black , tidal force of nature . and it be moving . alive . we hear the sound of it : a suck , a yawn , as if a tide be draw back just before explode forward . the sound blend in with the wind , the rain , the drop in that bucket ... evil itself , on the move , gather might . and we be along for the ride ... the wave begin to roll forward now as if shot from a cannon . it be massive , powerful , dark . and we be right on its forward edge , as if surfing it somehow . 131 int . motel room - denton , TEXAS - resuming 131 o'ryan react . something just change : 75 . 132 int . inside the black wave - resuming 132 the wave be rush we forward with this speed and power of a tsunami . ... which be when we hear the laughter of a little boy . 133 int . motel room - denton , TEXAS - resuming 133 o'ryan just hear it too . then new image come at he - but they be , at first , grainy , choppy ... 134 ext . unidentified play area - same 134 the sound of that wave become fainter , recede to the background , give way to that sound of laughter , and the squeaking of a play - set swing . like a old tv slowly gain reception , the image take a moment to crystallize before we . but then it sharpen : we be in the play area of a truck - stop diner , but it feel like we be look at it through a break lens . the image appear spherical to we , surround by darkness . before we a 5 - year old play on a swing . call he charlie . 135 int . hope house - oxryan' former room - resuming 135 mackelway have scrape away more of the white paint now - enough to see the outline of the front edge of the black wave , its lip . he continue . 136 int . motel room - denton , TEXAS - resuming 136 o'ryan tighten . we can not tell if he experience something from the past , the present , the future ... 137 ext . play - area - resuming 137 we whip around quickly , get a look into the diner itself . there , through a window , we see a woman , presumably Charlie 's mother . her name 's kathleen , 40 . Kathleen have she back turn to we , because she 's busy diaper she nine month - old baby at a table . 138 int . motel room - denton , TEXAS - resuming 138 o' Ryan , at he desk , seem to be get all of this . and it be agitate he . there 's perspiration on he forehead . 76 . 139 ext . play area - resuming 139 the sound of that wave be still a presence . Charlie look up at we as he swing . his smile be pure , genuine . we whip around for another look at Kathleen . she 's still busy with that diaper . then we look back to Charlie . 140 int . motel room - resuming 140 o'ryan keep he eye shut , he focus total ... but every part of he be become tense . 141 int . hope house - oxryan' former room - resuming 141 mackelway be beginning to perspire from the effort . more of that wave be visible to he . but he do not step back to take that in . 142 ext . play area - resuming 142 that swing be now empty , dangle gently . and we be run we know not where . 143 int . motel room - resuming 143 o' Ryan 's foot start to tap : anxiousness , discomfort . 144 ext . play area - resuming 144 we run ... toward a parking lot . but we do so smoothly , without effort , as if be carry by that relentless black wave . then , another SOUND bleed in . the banging of the diner 's back door , which lead on to that play Area . and we hear a horrify yell : kathleen ( o.s. ) Charlie ?! Charlie , where be you , honey ?! ( fainter ) Charlie ?! honey , be you out here ?! the sound begin to break up as if on a bad radio , be take over by the sound of that awful wave ... 145 int . hope house - oxryan' former room - resuming 145 mackelway suddenly stop ... as if some electric charge have just shot through he , short - circuit he into stillness . he begin to step away from the wall . 77 . 146 int . motel room - resuming 146 o'ryan have lose the " pulse " - the connection that have allow he inside what we just witness . he rise , hurry into a tiny bathroom . we stay on that writing pad , try to decipher this line and squiggle - the ideogram - as we hear the sound of o'ryan , retching . 147 int . hope house - oxryan' former room - resuming 147 mackelway sit on the bed , look at what he 's just uncover . a awesome sight . his head be pound worse than ever ... so he reach for the vicode . 148 ext . play - area - resuming 148 we have step out of that subjective Pov now . Kathleen grab she infant , distraught , as another massive 18 - wheel truck blow by we in the distance ... 149 int . motel room - denton , TEXAS - resuming 149 o'ryan wash he face , eye he reflection in the mirror , scrutinize himself . 150 int . hope house - oxryan' former room - resuming 150 on the wall opposite mackelway , that huge black wave be now entirely visible to he . bit of chip white paint litter the floor . a vast black wave . it fill the whole wall ... mackelway eye he watch . it 's one o'clock in the morning . he 's be in here for four hour . that seem impossible . CUT to : ... a box , slamm down hard on a desk . we be : 151 int . FBI office - o'ryan room - late night 151 2:30 a.m . mackelway be in here by himself , angry . he reach into that box . Inside ? more pin . black one . he cross to the map . 152 close -up : mackelway 152 he start pull out the yellow pin we have grow accustom to see on this map , replace they with the black one , toss the discard onto the floor . 78 . 153 a series of dissolves 153 ... as mackelway replace pin after pin . ... mackelway 's face , as he back away from that huge map . 154 int . FBI office - o'ryan room - later night 154 ten minute have pass , but mackelway have see a revelation . we can read it on he face . he eye the map ... which have now be stick with over 1,000 black pin , one for each city with a have you see I to its credit . and that black pin , see from a distance , form a pattern we be not expect - something that never quite take shape when the pin be yellow . look like a big black wave . and that 's just what it be . 1,000 black dot conspire to form the same exact shape that o'ryan have paint onto the wall of he room - a massive wave of darkness , gather strength . but this black wave be consume America ... mackelway stare at it : awed , even a bit frighten . the thing seem vast , unstoppable ... a black wave - pure malevolence , cover the state like a fog . one blue dot lie in its center : that blue pin , in the heart of greenville , Texas . then , pierce the silence : charlton ( o.s. ) get one of that pin in Denton yet ? mackelway turn . charlton lean in the doorway . charlton ( cont 'd ) o'ryan be spot there tonight . take a squad - car and a side - arm from a State trooper . ' Bout a hour later a five - year old boy be abduct , roughly a mile up the interstate . it 's 3 a.m . what 's this guy do here ? charlton ( cont 'd ) the vehicle be find in a abandon lot . we be establish a perimeter around the city now . 79 . mackelway ( know already ) but the trooper be not hurt ... charlton what make you so sure ? mackelway professional courtesy . charlton 's at a loss ... until mackelway gesture to the table , where he have laid out o'ryan 's entire FBI file . every memo , citation , letter , i.d. picture . 150 page . charlton eye it , calmly . he 's not go to let he jaw drop , not with mackelway watch . so he just nod . mackelway ( cont 'd ) be that ... possible , Sir ? a agent can just be delete ? charlton look like it . mackelway pause . it 's a depress reality ... mackelway I could not understand it before - push speck 's car onto the state line . make sense now . he want to make the case Federal . he 's draw we in . charlton why would he do that ? mackelway so we would be pay attention when he find suspect Zero . charlton ya know what ? I be get extremely tired of hearing that word . in fact , that 's gonna be policy from now on . no Zero . mackelway Sir , profile the guy . he 's straight outta quantico . all he 's do be work a case , like we would . he 's not kidnap little kid - he 's chase the guy who 's do the kidnap ! look at the map ! 80 . charlton what be you say - that all this abduction be the work of one guy ? do you know how fuck insane that be ?! ( over mackelway ) not let 's try something that actually make sense : he send in this fax , pick off three scumbag . for what ?! so we will think exactly what you be think right now - that we have get a friend out there , somebody willing to take out the garbage for the rest of we . and it 's all horse-shit ! mackelway what if it be not ? what if there really be a Zero out there and o'ryan 's the one guy who 's get a shot at he ? charlton ( just blow he top ) fuck 's sake , mackelway - when do you start buy into this guy ?! a beat . mackelway let the silence hover . mackelway ( quietly ) he 's smarter than we be . charlton speak for yourself . charlton head for the door . mackelway Sir ? what if I tell you I know how to catch he ? charlton stop . turn . charlton do you ? mackelway and what if I tell you that the way I would catch he involved sit in a dark room , with nothing in front of I but a pad of paper ... until I would tapped into some kind of ... energy out there . the collective unconscious . something . if I tell you I think I could target and ( more ) 81 . mackelway ( cont 'd ) locate he , without ever leave this building , what would you say ? charlton I would say you would watch too many " X - file . " mackelway y'ever hear of a project call " icarus , " Sir ? charlton no . mackelway toss over a few page from o'ryan 's file . mackelway Agents , train to " see " distant location use nothing but the mind . they call it remote viewing . charlton eye the page without comment . mackelway ( cont 'd ) Army steal it from the Soviets . the Bureau steal it from the Army - use it to track serial killer . ( a beat ) experimental program . o'ryan be the first agent they recruit . charlton good for he . mackelway voodoo , right ? pure bullshit . ( charlton 's wait ) ... except , it work . it 's how he draw this : mackelway 's refer to that drawing : a steamer -trunk , fill with ghastly Ziploc bag : mackelway ( cont 'd ) he would never be in that house before . he just see what be in there - the Bureau teach he how ... same one that delete he . same one that 's try to catch he now ... do anything about all this strike you as odd ? charlton study he , a long beat , measure he ... then : 82. charlton I be go to Denton at oh- six -hundre . you can take the day off . with that , he 's go - leave mackelway alone in here . nothing to look at but that black wave ... he hear charlton , leave the building . he slam another vicode , then hear a phone ring . fuck it . he 's not move . let Voice mail get it . ... until he hear the sound of a fax come in . he rise . follow he : 155 int . FBI office - cubicle - continuing 155 mackelway hurry through the office , as the sound of that fax grow louder . 156 int . " fax room " - continuing 156 he enter . the fax have spun out a single sheet . no top -sheet . that 's odd ... but here 's another face , another victim , with the customary have you see I ? across the top . a young African - american boy : " Lloyd simm , Age 9 . ht. 4'10 " , wt. 67 lbs. last see : greenville , Texas . date of disappearance : 10-26-99 . " that 's it . one face . the transmission end . mackelway eye that vital . they mean something . greenville ... 157 int . FBI office - o'ryan be room - resuming 157 he re-enter , and approach that huge map . there 's that wave of black pin , with the one blue pin in its center ; greenville , with a " 10 - 26 " write beside it . mackelway pull out the lone blue pin , replace it with a black one . now the wave be complete . all black ... CUT to : 158 int . 18 - wheeler - cab - moving - night 158 we have see this truck before - several time in fact . it rumble along the highway . we do not see who 's drive , but we do see who 's in the passenger seat : 83. it 's Charlie , five year - old , whose abduction we just witness . he sleep fitfully . a man' hand can be see , edging into frame - the driver . he pick up a cassete , shove it into the tape deck . and out come the sound of " barney the dinosaur . " barney ( thru dashboard stereo ) oh silly song get sillier / when you hear they once again / and maybe you be hearing a echo / or maybe it 's only a friend ! the truck continue to rumble along . CUT to : 159 int . FBI office - outside the o'ryan room - morning 159 6 a.m. Fran pause outside the o'ryan room ... where mackelway sleep on a chair . poor guy be here all night . she regards he ... then she eye find that map , and the gape black wave across it . a horrible image ... she study mackelway again , almost tenderly , until : charlton ( o.s. ) do he listen to you ? she turn , startle . here 's charlton , right behind she . and she 's be catch ... watch mackelway sleep . fran I be sorry ? charlton it 's not a strength of he . I be notice that lately . Truth be , she do not like charlton . or trust he ... fran he 's fine . charlton I be not so sure . ( a beat ) you oughtta sit he down , remind he how a chain - of - command work . fran he 's fine , Sir . 84 . charlton talk to he . with that , he 's go . Fran watch as he head for the Front door ... and exit . she look back to mackelway . he awaken with a start . think no one 's watch , he pop another vicode . 160 int . o'ryan room - continuing 160 Fran enter , feel slightly dirty from that exchange . mackelway check he watch as a few agent exit the suite . mackelway they go to Denton ? fran mmm-hmm . mackelway but not you ? fran sitting in on two autopsy . mackelway oh . he rise . head for the door , stiff . she look at that o'ryan FBI document now - she first time see they ... fran you okay ? mackelway yeah . why ? fran nothing . she leave it at that . he 's about to exit , when : mackelway be they male or female ? fran huh ? mackelway the autopsy . 85 . fran female - Logan , Utah ; and decatur , Alabama . ( neither city be represent with black pin on that map . ) she slide over a packet of photo : two female victims , photograph in separate morgue - face up , face down , waist and above , waist and below , etc . mackelway eye they , then leave the room . we stay with fran ... take in that o'ryan FBI file . it trouble she . mackelway return , carry the 9 - by - 12 envelope that Katie give to he . fran ( cont 'd ) ( be : o'ryan 's file ) so be this what happen when a agent spin out ? he get delete ? mackelway sometimes . the lucky one get send to wichita Falls . she breathes out a ironic laugh . he hand over the envelope , open it . Inside : that photo of Karen sumpter . mackelway do not pay much attention to it before . Fran eye the photo , then the vital . mackelway ( cont 'd ) friend of the receptionist , miss for about a year now . I tell she I would let she know if the body ever turn up . Fran do not look up from the photo . fran the receptionist . mackelway her name 's Katie . she half - smile : " you mean the one you have be fuck ? " he shrug , confirm nothing - wishing Fran be not quite so smart . she put the photo back into the envelope . fran I see you get the blue pin out of greenville . 86 . mackelway yeah . last night . kid name simm . that confuse she . fran ( be : sumpter ) no. I mean she . the girl . that confuse he . mackelway what be you talk about ? fran do ya look at she vital ? she hand he the material on Karen sumpter . fran ( cont 'd ) greenville , Texas . October 26 . he grab the material , look at it for the first time : " Karen sumpter , Age 25 . ht. 5 '6 " , wt. 110 . eye blu , Hair blnd . last see : greenville , tx. date of disappearance : 10 - 26 - 00 . " mackelway look to the Conference table - that huge stack of fax , all that helpless face . the one on top be the one that come in last night : Lloyd simm , Age 9 . ht. 4'10 " , wt. 67 lbs. last see : greenville , Texas . date of disappearance : 10-26-99 . at last , a pattern . a break . mackelway grab the simm fax , hurry out of the room . nearest agent be grieve . mackelway hand he the fax . mackelway need a address on this fax line . grieve have do this on fifty different fax now ; it never yield they suspect , but : grieve ' Kay . mackelway lean back in to the o'ryan room . mackelway o'ryan 's in greenville . 87 . fran what make you think so ? mackelway that 's where Zero be . ( Fran 's a blank ) Lloyd simm - October 26 , ' 99 . Karen sumpter - October 26 , 2000 . both disappear from greenville . ( still no reply ) Zero come back to the same spot , once a year . today 's the 25th . fran wait . when do we establish that Zero be real ? mackelway o'ryan think so . fran do you ? that 's the million - dollar question , and it hang there . mackelway 's about to answer ... when he stop himself . just notice something . that morgue photo from Logan , Utah : there 's a burn MARK on the lower leave calf of the victim . we have see such a mark before , on another autopsy photo . mackelway I have see this before . fran huh ? he do not answer , just hurry to a thick BOX of other autopsy file and photo . start rifling through they ... ... until he find the one we have see before . the body from trenton . he extract it . eye it . a confirmation ... he lay the two photo side by side . look to Fran . mackelway same burn-mark . ( she lean in ) I see it before but it do not register . Fran eye the photo . no doubt about it - they both have the same burn mark on the lower leave calf : a symmetrical , almost horizontal stripe across the flesh . 88. fran he burn they ? mackelway I dunno . almost look too symmetrical to be a burn . ( be : Logan victim ) they be autopsy she this morning ? fran yeah . she get the idea : " find out where the hell this mark on the leg come from . " grieve enter . grieve fax number trace back to a copy Center on I - 30 . greenville . ( mackelway eye he watch ) I call . they do not open for another hour . mackelway look to Fran . she 's not entirely sell yet ... but she 's get there . CUT to : 161 int . mackelway' yukon - drive - early morning 161 mackelway plow along I - 30 . ahead of he , one hell of a ugly STORM -front seem to be wait . thick , black cloud . mackelway 's drive right into the tooth of they ... CUT to : 162 ext . " fast - copy " - establishing - day 162 a copy-place , right off I - 30 . mackelway 's yukon be park in front . 163 int . " fast - copy " - counter - day 163 mackelway stand opposite a day - manager : 30 , harry , eyeing a copy of the composite draw of o'ryan . day-manager ( be : o'ryan ) naah . I never see that guy in here . 89 . mackelway he send a fax from this location ' bout seven o'clock this morning . day-manager we be close at seven . mackelway be you fax programmable ? could he have pay last night to have it send this morning ? day -manager sure . but that cost extra . mackelway be you here last night ? day -manager nope . have not do night since I get promote . mackelway eye the guy ... then hear a cel - phone ring . mackelway ' scuse I . mackelway grab he cel , back away from the counter . mackelway ( cont 'd ) ( into cel ) mackelway . 164 intercut with / int . morgue - same 164 Fran be at a phone , in the morgue . the Logan Utah body lie on the table . fran it 's not a burn . it 's a freezer - burn . mackelway you be sure . fran there 's crystallization in the blood stream . the blood never clotted in the wound . it 's a freezer burn ... I be have the other body ship out - the guy from trenton . we will see if he 's get the same thing . mackelway pause , think ... 90 . mackelway so ... he keep the body in a freezer , then bury they ...? that be a question . he can not do any better . fran I dunno . if he keep they in a freezer they would have mark like this all over . would not they ? mackelway nod - that make sense . shit . the noise of the interstate do not make thing any easier . a huge truck rumble by . 18 wheel . mackelway eye it , absently . then a bolt hit he : on the side of the truck be a trademark : " ever-frost . " this truck be haul ice cream . thing just begin to click . mackelway thanks , Fran . he have hit " end " before she can reply . head to he yukon . Fran eye the phone : that be odd ... CUT to : 165 ext . truck stop - greenville , TX . - establishing - noon 165 a huge lay - out , with a diner , rest-stop , and gas station . 166 int . diner - greenville - same 166 mackelway sit at a table by a window . watch . fifty massive truck in this lot - some refrigerate , most not . this diner be big enough to seat 200 : trucker , a few family , and folk who just like the buffet , ( gravy cover just about every entree . ) mackelway 's be here for hour . a waitress come by . waitress you want some more breakfast , honey , or be we just rollin ' right on into lunch ? 91 . mackelway just some coffee , thanks . might hit the buffet in a bit . waitress meatloaf 's lookin ' good today . he smile , thanks . she turn away . that leave he alone again , scan - not even sure he 's in the right place . cel - phone ring . he grab it . mackelway ( into phone ) mackelway . 167 intercut with / int . fran be car - drive - same 167 she 's drive , talk into the cel ... fran ( into phone ) what be you do ? mackelway surveille . what be you do ? fran driving to greenville . mackelway ( know already ) why would you be do that ? fran I think agent be safer when they have some company . I can send along Katie if you would rather . mackelway laugh . he appreciate a good jab . mackelway I be at the truck - stop we trace . off the I -30 . fran I be ' bout a half hour out . mackelway I will order some lunch for you . hear the meatloaf 's good today . she half -smile . she like he , despite herself . 92 . 168 diner - mackelway - resuming 168 he half - smile , put the cel-phone away . he like she , despite himself . then a man pass by he , a trucker . let 's call he VIC . all we see as he pass be the tattoo on he forearm : a cobra . key jingle on he belt-hook . he wear a sleeveless down vest and a " God bless America " cap . mackelway turn , but Vic 's already past we . something about he attract mackelway 's attention . the walk , the attitude . something . so mackelway be watch - without really know why - as Vic cross the parking lot , head for he rig . it 's a beast . Vic climb in , unaware that he 's be watch . mackelway look away , chide himself for allow the guy to distract he . that waitress come by with more coffee . mackelway smile , look absently out the window again . and see a little boy of 5 , in the cab of Vic 's rig ... but this little boy be scream , struggle to get out of he car-seat , until Vic grab the kid by the shoulder , roughly ... all of this visible through the windshield . mackelway lock in on the kid . Holy shit ... Vic 's rig pull out . the kid pound on he window . look like he 's say " lemme out of here ! I want my mommy ! " he might be little Charlie - we can not tell from here . but we can see that Vic be yell at he : " shut up ! " and we can see that Vic 's truck be refrigerate . he 's haul dairy product . on a normal day , mackelway might shrug this off as coincidence . he might not be so vigilant . this be not a normal day . he race for the door . 169 ext . truck - stop - parking lot - moment later 169 mackelway back out in the yukon , try to keep a visual on Vic 's truck . another 18-wheeler pull in front of he , block he view entirely . 93. mackelway dammit ! he honk - loud - pull around that other 18 - wheeler , head for the exit of the lot . just spot Vic 's rig again . 170 ext . road / int . mackelway' yukon - continuing 170 he follow Vic 's rig out of the lot and onto a road approach I - 30 . but there be three car between they - mackelway can not get a clean look at Vic 's license plate . Vic approach the interstate . so do the three car between they . Vic pass the interstate on -ramp . the three car turn on to it ... put mackelway right on Vic 's tail . he grab he cel , dial . this truck have license plate from ten state . mackelway ( into cel ) this be mackelway . I need a run down on a plate . Texas : delta-142-romeo-victor - Alpha . get that ? he put the cel down , but do not hang up . Vic just make a turn onto a vast dirt lot . a huge banner overhead read , " founder day carnival !!! " 171 ext . carnival - parking lot - continuing 171 there be several big - rig park here , but the vast majority of the vehicle we see be garden -variety car and suv 's . a few pick -up . there be ride at this carnival : pony ride , a ferris wheel , and a huge ring of barbeque , each fire up and cooking . must be a thousand people in attendance today . Vic park he rig . mackelway hang back , watch : Vic get out of the rig . from here we can see that that 5 - year - old boy be still stick in he car seat , and he be still scream and flail . Vic point a stern finger at the kid as if to say , " behave or else . " then Vic disappear into the crowded carnival . 94 . 172 ext . mackelway - at he car - resuming 172 he get out of the yukon , approach Vic 's truck . we cross the lot with he . he reach Vic 's truck , look in the passenger window . there 's the five year - old kid , tear stream down he face . ( we still can not tell if it 's Charlie . ) mackelway reach for the passenger - side door . it 's lock . of course . and he can not shoot he way in . he look to the kid inside : mackelway you okay ? ( kid 's a blank ) kid ? you okay in there ? the kid do not respond - just seem spook . shit ... mackelway look into the heart of that crowd . Vic 's still visible to we , but he will not be for long . mackelway ( cont 'd ) ( at the kid ) I will be back . do not worry . mackelway head into the carnival . 173 ext . carnival - continuing 173 he begin run now , past the table where lady be sell ticket for the ride and game , past the cotton - candy guy . running ... because we just lose sight of Vic . mackelway hurry through that ring of barbeque , upsetting a tray or two . then he stop . there 's the ferris wheel . be that Vic on the other side of it ? mackelway take off . 174 ext . ferris wheel - continuing 174 no vic. but mackelway think he see the guy ... head back in the direction of the parking lot . he run past the pony ride , past a funhouse , past a popcorn machine , past that lady sell ticket . 95 . 175 ext . parking lot - resuming 175 he hit a bottleneck of people at the entrance . but he burst through , run into the dirt parking lot , around car and big - rig , then turn a corner and : ...run smack into Benjamin o'ryan . the shock be so total it take each of they a moment to recover from it . but here he be . o' Ryan , five foot away . mackelway 's speechless , still try to recalibrate himself . a second ago he be chase a possible Zero . now he 's face to face with o'ryan . and o'ryan be not run . in fact , he almost seem amused . o'ryan well , well ... must be quite a moment for you . congratulation . mackelway still have not speak , until : mackelway what be you do here ? o'ryan wait for you . ... which be when mackelway realize that he be stand right in front of Vic 's rig . but he be not expect what come next : Vic have return to the rig , with a woman beside he . turn out , she 's he wife . Vic open the passenger - side door , unclasp that five year - old kid from he seat . five year-old mommy ! the kid dive into the woman 's arm . woman Morning , baby ! VIC I tell you she would be here . ( to woman ) he 's be a brat all morning . 96 . mother hug son ... which mean that mackelway have misread thing , badly . and o'ryan be a witness to it - hence the grin . mackelway ( at o'ryan ) hand up . o'ryan raise he hand . mackelway reach for he cuff . CUT to : 176 ext . carnival - parking lot - moment later 176 o' Ryan 's hand be cuffed in front of he . mackelway lead he to the yukon , open a door for he , and put he into the backseat . a few lookie - lou' strain for a peek . 177 int . mackelway' yukon - continuing 177 mackelway get in , hit the ignition . reaches for he cel - phone . start to dial . o'ryan ( disappointed ) awfully conventional - do not ya think ? mackelway pause . mackelway huh ? o'ryan apprehend the fugitive , then call it in for you pat on the head . mackelway sorry to disappoint you . mackelway continue to dial . o'ryan I will get over it . ( flat ) but I be not too sure that little boy will . bang . that just stop mackelway , mid-dial . 97 . mackelway ( minor test ) what little boy ? o'ryan the one from the diner , in Denton . mackelway you know where he be ? o'ryan I can find he . mackelway how ? o'ryan same way I find starkey , and speck , and fulcher ... and you . that ring a bell . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) I need someplace quiet - someplace I can concentrate ... and you assurance that once he 's locate , we go get he together . mackelway I can not do that . o'ryan then I can not help you . mackelway , disgust , pull out of the lot . 178 int . mackelway' yukon - drive - moment later 178 through sparse traffic , head for a interstate on -ramp . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) I be talk about uncompromise justice . no trial . no lawyer . no hiccup in a chain of evidence that can set a monster free . you of all people should be able to appreciate the value of that . mackelway where 's the boy ? o'ryan I will not be do this much longer . actually , this be the end of it . I have ( more ) 98 . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) come to accept that . but there be one last thing to -- mackelway ( anger rise ) where 's the boy , o'ryan ? o'ryan do we have a understanding ? mackelway pull the car over , under a I - 30 overpass ... and out come he gun , point right at o'ryan 's forehead . mackelway ( cont 'd ) enough of this shit . where 's the boy ? o'ryan can not help it . he 's pleased . o'ryan good . this be good . sort of thing you would never find in a procedural manual . it tell I I be right about you . mackelway ( cock the hammer ) I will kill you , o'ryan . o'ryan I know . but we have work to do first . mackelway where 's the goddamn kid ?!?! silence ... then that cel - phone ring . must be Fran . o'ryan do not pick that up . mackelway eye he : be you kid ? it ring again . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ( a panicked offer ) this be the guy who put all that pin in that map of yours ! and I can take you to he ! Ring # 3 . mackelway grab the phone . mackelway Fine . where be he ? ( silence ) where be he ?!?! 99 . silence , punctuate by Ring # 4 . then o'ryan smile ... and point to he own forehead . o'ryan right here ... mackelway let out a disgust sigh . mackelway fuck you . he punch the " talk " button , take he eye off o'ryan for a split second . ... what follow be a blur : o'ryan lunge forward like a animal , throw he cuffed wrist over mackelway 's head , yanking mackelway out of he seat with a violent tug . the gun fall . we pop outside the yukon , pull back ... obscure we view of what 's go on inside that truck . that cel- phone continue to ring ... we keep pull back , under this sparsely - trafficked overpass , rain fall . the cel- phone stop ringing . continue pulling back , take in the expanse of highway - car roll by without a hint of the peril beneath they ... CUT to : 179 int . truck - stop - diner - greenville - same ( day ) 179 Fran have just arrive . she scan the place . do not see mackelway . great . she reach for that cel-phone again ... CUT to : 180 int . a third unidentified motel room - night 180 mackelway awaken . the room feel like it 's swim . his arm and leg be bound . his mouth have be gag . and he be stare into he own reflection . he lie on he side . a mirror have be propped on the floor , just inch from he face - leave he with nothing to look at but himself . he strain against the rope , but there 's no give to they . he 's helpless , powerless . and that mirror be force he to watch it all with perfect clarity . 100 . a few foot away , o'ryan sit in a chair , calmly peel the skin off of a apple with that huge hunting knife of he . a candle flicker on the floor by he foot . o'ryan be you afraid ? there be a delight to that question - we can see it on o'ryan 's face . mackelway , of course , can not reply due to the gag . but the answer 's obvious . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ( quote himself , as daitz : ) " imagine a killer with no pattern , no tell - tale fetish , no ritual of any kind . no hide desire to be catch . a perfect vessel of evil . " all mackelway can see be he own reflection - the fear in he eye - bounce off a mirror that 's only inch away . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) and the name we give that killer ... be Zero. ( again : ) be you afraid ? slowly , he lower the knife into the flame of that candle on the floor . it glow . good God ... o'ryan ( cont 'd ) it would be customary at this point to start praying . I hear a lot of that . have not see too many answer though . I would not hold my breath wait for another janitor to break in here and save you , either . you be alone . mackelway try to speak . it 's impossible . o'ryan pull the gag from he mouth , just long enough for mackelway to say : mackelway where 's the boy ? o'ryan jam the gag back into he mouth , angrily . o'ryan ( be : the mirror ) my , my . must be extremely satisfy to watch yourself say something so heroic . I be almost envious . ( more ) 101 . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ( casually ) the boy 's under the bed . in piece . be you afraid ? mackelway absorb that - watch himself absorb it - then look to that bed . can not quite see what 's under it ... o'ryan eye the flame as they dance over the blade . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) I know what you be think : " there be pain come . be I go to take it like a man ? " let I put you at ease : you will not . none of they do . Men , woman , child . they all weep , they all beg . they pass out , they piss themselves . they attempt negotiation : you would not believe how many man have lain right where you be lie right now - grow man , with wife and child back home - offer all kind of sexual gratification in exchange for a five minute reprieve . it 's pathetic . be you afraid ? ( of course , no reply ) then there 's that moment when they realize there 's nothing leave to be negotiate . they be just mine . and they be helpless . and the look in they eye , the level of surrender ... well , it 's almost pornographic . I put this mirror here because I do not want you to miss it . be you afraid ? with that , he lift that hunt knife out of the flame . it be red -hot . even look at it be painful . but mackelway can not look at anything else . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) how about now ? just like that , that red- hot knife be a inch from mackelway 's face . the heat alone make he head jerk back . wisp of smoke rise from its edge . and mackelway be force to watch he own reaction to it . he struggle against this rope , to no use . a guttural sound come out of he . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) be you afraid ? 102 . o'ryan 's hand lash out a bit , leave the sizzling knife just under mackelway 's chin . the anticipation of pain be unbearable . and mackelway be read it in he own eye ... o'ryan ( cont 'd ) hmmm ? agent mackelway ? be you ? two thing hit at once : 1 ) this monster be about to torture I to death . 2 ) please , God , do not let I give he the satisfaction of see I cry ... o'ryan move the blade again , this time a eighth of a inch above mackelway 's right arm . the heat from it be so incendiary that mackelway 's shirt begin to smoke . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) be you ? mackelway 's shirt be officially on fire now . the pain be awful . he stare at he own reflection . ... as tear begin to flow from he eye . he can not stop they . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ( top of he lung ) be you afraid ?! that bounce off the wall . mackelway shut he eye tight - can not watch this anymore . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ( infuriate ) open you eye ! open you eye goddammit or I will cut the fuck lid off !! mackelway open he eye , force to watch himself break . deep sob shudder through he , as ... o'ryan dig that red-hot blade into mackelway 's arm : o'ryan ( cont 'd ) be you afraid ?!?! mackelway see the answer in he own reflection : yes , I be terrify . he shriek , the sound muffle by that gag . with he body able to do no more than spasm , he jerk he head forward , smash it into that mirror . the mirror shatter , obliterate the image . ... and everything go black . 103 . then , more image swarm at US . we be helpless to beat they back : 180a ext . darkness - unidentified time 180a out of a soupy darkness , a dreamlike spin on a location we have visit before : it be the wheat field that o'ryan have remote view countless time . only this time we see it through mackelway 's fever , or nightmare ... we see the tall wheat , the wet wind - familiar image to we . all to the pound chant of the navaho . but then other image enter this world . they be jarring : - that tribesman , eye roll back , foam the mouth , dance around a fire in a frenzy . then a curtain of wheat obscure he , revealing : - Fran , and Katie , giggle , crook finger as if invite we . look like they be naked . but as we approach they , they seem to get farther away . then that curtain of wheat that separate we from they reveal : - charlton , extend a hand to we , warmly , congratulate we for something , a job well do , when : mackelway himself be hunt through the wet wheat , gun draw . he fire ... then look to see who he 's just shot . a body . he turn it over . ... and be stare at himself , lie dead on the ground in the mud and pour rain . it be a moment of shock and horror , give way as we ... 181 fade up again ... 181 ...on o' Ryan - at a desk , sit upright , make note on a pad . calm . businesslike . his back turn to we . 182 int . that unidentified motel room - later night 182 time have pass . we do not know how much . or maybe we be dead , or dream . it 's hard to say ... but there 's o'ryan , at a desk . write ... mackelway 's eye be open . his forehead have a bright red raspberry on it from smash into that mirror . but the brain be function . it start run through a check - list : 104 . I be in the same motel room . I be on a bed . I be alive . there 's o'ryan . everything hurt . no , it 's just my right arm . but it be searing . the check - list continue : my mouth be sore , but that gag have be remove . and my arm be unbound . leg too . maybe I be dead . mackelway try to move he hand . it take some effort . everything 's foggy . but he put it before he face . turn it . flexes it . squeeze it . his hand ... he stare at it . then he notice he shoulder . a fat bandage have be wrap around it - cover up the source of that searing pain . look as though a nurse have tend to it . but this sure as hell be not a hospital ... then , o'ryan turn , face we . mackelway recoil without meaning to . but o'ryan 's demeanor have change . that look of possess malevolence - it 's go now . we can not imagine why . o'ryan ( softly ) stand up . mackelway pause , rewind that one . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) it 's over now . can you stand ? mackelway be still brace for torture , or at least combat . so he 's a step behind . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) we really do have to go . o'ryan rise , crossing toward we . even unbound , mackelway be expect another onslaught ... but all o'ryan do be drop a piece of paper onto mackelway 's lap . it 's another drawing : of a ranch - house , with a windmill in the background . crude , but just specific enough . mackelway 's still too unwound to speak ... o'ryan ( cont 'd ) this be where he will be . with the boy . ( a beat ) Zero . he 's come home today . we be go to be there . 105 . mackelway 's start to understand now . this be a act . a initiation . that stun he ... o'ryan ( cont 'd ) you be ready to come with I now . you have be in the pit . stand up . mackelway eye he - utter disbelief . o'ryan smile warmly - like a drill sergeant at the end of Basic : sorry I be so hard on you but it have to be do ... can we shake on it ? instead , mackelway simply explode : it be a blur , faster than a blur , but mackelway rise with a animal roar , knock o'ryan flat on he back . then mackelway be upon he . all the helplessness , all the horror , the image of watch himself in that mirror , the sound of he own uncontrollable sobbing ... they erupt now into violence . it be a overwhelming force . o' Ryan can not begin to fight it off . mackelway have one hand on o'ryan 's throat . the other hand come down like a sledgehammer . one blow . then another . the sound come out of mackelway be savage , barely human . he 's out of control . o' Ryan 's eye roll back . mackelway now put both hand around this fucker 's throat . he 's go to kill he - right here . he 's go to squeeze the life from he . this be a mackelway we have never meet before . his eye be wild , hateful - even as the last gasp of breath rasp they way out of o'ryan 's throat . then mackelway be distract , for just a second . no. less than a second ... by a glimpse of that shatter mirror - he own twisted image . he look away from it , refuse to be distract , determine to kill this guy . ... then that eye drift back to the mirror again . ... and he see he reflection : a harden , craze stranger . a animal . his hand , without warning , release they grip . 106 . o'ryan gasp for air . his face have be bloody . mackelway rise , disgust , remove a great weight from o'ryan 's chest . that make breathe a little easier . mackelway cross to a tiny , cheap bathroom . 183 int . motel room - bathroom - continuing 183 mackelway enter . there 's a mirror in here too . that fat bandage on he shoulder stare back at he . he tug at it - do not unravel it , just yank it off he arm - revealing a hideous wound . it 's a zero , with a slash through it . now everything click : o'ryan be brand he . initiating he with that red- hot knife . mackelway stare at the wound , he eye lifeless . he splashes some water on he face , he mind still reeling . then o'ryan appear in the doorway . he too look like hell - face bloody , throat red , eye water . a long beat ... mackelway eye he , incredulous . o' Ryan nod , then place that drawing of the ranch - House on the sink . mackelway eye it . then o'ryan stun he ... by lay mackelway 's gun atop the draw , without a word . mackelway eye the gun , then grab it and point it right at o'ryan 's face , just inch away . we be tight on mackelway 's hand . it tremble with rage . but o'ryan , look right down the barrel , seem unafraid . in fact he smile , utterly confident . then : o'ryan ( be : gun ) soon. I promise ... but not yet . he ease mackelway 's hand down , thus lowering the gun . then o'ryan turn , grab mackelway 's car key , and head for the front door . mackelway stand , rigid . he raise the gun . maybe I will just shoot this fucker in the back . then that image come at we again , out of nowhere : 107 . 184 ext . wheat field - night 184 out of a gray , soupy swirl - come slightly into focus : wet wind , tall wheat , we own heavy breathing as we run ... and that non-descript voice we hear echoing earlier become the sound of o'ryan 's voice , static -fill , wobble : o'ryan ( o.s. ) please ... I be begging you . that be clear enough . a gun rise . we seem to be hold it ... then that image vanish , and we be jolted back to : 185 int . motel room - bathroom - resuming 185 mackelway tighten . o' Ryan 's out the door . this vision that keep get clearer and clearer ... what the hell do this it mean ? down go two more vicoden ... CUT to : 186 int . mackelway' yukon - drive - night 186 a huge STORM devour scenery on both side of we . o' Ryan drive . mackelway sit , no expression at all on he face , still recover from what happen in that room ... silence ... then : mackelway tell I about icarus . o'ryan why ? mackelway just ... wanna know . o'ryan eye he . the sky be black . o'ryan there be five of we . in the program . mackelway 's all ear ... o'ryan ( cont 'd ) we would come in in the morning , have a cup of coffee , talk about the yankee . then you would go to you room , with you pen and ( more ) 108 . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) you pad of paper , always alone , and you would try to lock in . Son of sam. John Wayne gacy . Ted Bundy . he might be drive he car , or have a beer or brush he tooth ... or cut someone 's eye out . that be say flatly , matter - of - factly . it 's chill . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) if you do it right , you get all of it : the way it sound . the way it smell ... that people be look up at you , begging you for mercy . it be like be god. ( a beat ) ... except you be not . because you can not do a thing for they . can not make it stop . you be just watch , helpless . he pause . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) they wire we into this current , the five of we : darkness , the pit itself . we be plugge right into it . but nobody teach we how to shut it off ... ( think back ... ) we be just man . and we see thing man should not see . agony , torture , evil - and it never shut off . even now , it 's still there . mackelway they all wind up like you ? the other agent ? o'ryan no . they be dead now . oh . mackelway do not reply ... o'ryan ( cont 'd ) they break down . then they opt out . ( mackelway 's a blank ) kill themselves ... after a while , that conversation about the yankee become impossible . ya see ? mackelway let that sink in , as he stare at pass head - light . then : mackelway I be sorry . 109 . o'ryan shrug . he appreciate it . the windshield wiper beat back rain ... CUT to : 187 int . mackelway' yukon - drive - later night 187 o'ryan continue to drive . silence hang . then : o'ryan we be here . mackelway sit up . o'ryan pull over at : 188 ext . ranch - house - greenville , TEXAS - continuing 188 we have see this place before . that be , we have see it in o'ryan 's drawing , which lie on the dashboard before we : a ranch - style house with a windmill in the backyard . o'ryan pull over . rain pound on the roof and hood . wind blow . mackelway study the house . then he eye shift briefly to the draw . mackelway can not bring you in with I . you know that . o'ryan shrug , then raise he hand : " cuff I . " the cuff be lie on the floor in the back seat . mackelway reach back , to grab they ... a golden opportunity for o'ryan to club the guy . but o'ryan remain still . mackelway grab they . then he stop . simply have to ask : mackelway ( cont 'd ) that fax , the have - you - see - I 's ... how many of them be he actually responsible for ? o'ryan lay it right out : o'ryan all of them . mackelway nod , sober . cuff o'ryan to the steering wheel and approach the house . 110 . 189 ext . ranch house - walkway - continuing 189 the place be in some disrepair : untend lawn , chipping paint , etc . mackelway look through the kitchen window . no one 's visible . he walk around the side of the house . 190 int . mackelway' yukon - resuming 190 o'ryan watch as mackelway vanish . this be a moment of opportunity . with he free hand , he reach into he pocket , grab a lighter . 191 ext . ranch house - side - continuing 191 mackelway move cautiously , be pelt by rain . but now he can see inside the live room of this home : it 's a bit of a time warp : plastic on the furniture , a old radiator , picture on the mantle in antique frame . and a old lady , lean over a record player . tough to hear what 's play - we be outside , and that storm be pound - but it sound like Glenn Miller . there 's also a old tv in here : " wizard of Oz " be on it . the lady be 70 , frail , thin . she also happen to be blind . cataract on she eye . her name 's delia . mackelway watch she ... as she exit the room , head for the kitchen . he move to another window . 192 int . mackelway' yukon - resuming 192 o'ryan , keep he eye on that house , now light the lighter ... and hold the flame up to the chain connect he hand - cuff to the one on the steering wheel . the chain begin to heat up ... 193 ext . side of the house - resuming 193 mackelway watch as delia make she way into the kitchen . it , too , be from another era : the dishwasher stand in the center of the floor , connect to the sink with a long hose . the refrigerator , the table , the toaster - all old . the oven be a antique too . delia cross to it , grab a towel , open it ... and pull a cake from it . 111 . she bring the cake to the kitchen table , move well for a lady who can not see . on the table be a old - fashioned baker 's frosting tube . she grab it , use she hand to orient herself ... and begin to write on the cake , in frosting . slowly . mackelway can not see the top of that cake , but we can . the first letter , in beautiful cursive , read : " happy bir ... " it 's a work in progress . 194 int . mackelway' yukon - resuming 194 o'ryan have that handcuff chain glowing now . we do not know if he will have time to break the thing ... until : the passenger - side door be open , abruptly . mackelway it 's he birthday , be not it ? o'ryan turn . here 's mackelway , who now get a eyeful of what o'ryan 's do with that lighter . o'ryan pocket it , a bit sheepishly . mackelway decide to ignore the whole thing ... mackelway ( cont 'd ) he come home on he birthday . o'ryan nod . then delia 's front door swing open . delia ( o.s. ) ( aloud , delighted ) darling ?! that you ?! 195 ext . ranch house - entry - continuing 195 delia stand in the open doorway : a old blind lady , talk to the dark rainy street . that confuse they . ... until we hear the rumble of a 18 - wheel truck . it turn a corner onto this street . mackelway turn now ... we have see this truck before . a monstrous , roll beast . and mackelway straighten , reach for he sidearm . behind he , delia smile excitedly , almost dance . but that smile soon leap from she face ... as she hear the sound of that 18 - wheeler , braking abruptly , its tire lock - up on the wet road . 112 . mackelway get a look at the driver now - a wiry , sinewy man of 35 ... let 's call he zero . they eye lock - until Zero throw he rig into gear again and begin to rumble down the street . delia ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) daryl ? honey ? no answer . that truck be rumbling away . mackelway turn , racing for the yukon , leave delia at the door . 196 int . mackelway' yukon - continuing 196 mackelway jump in to the yukon , unlock that cuff . mackelway drive . he accidentally burn himself on the super-heate chain . mackelway ( cont 'd ) ( be : burn ) fuck ! cuff be unlock now . o' Ryan start up the yukon . 197 ext . greenville street - drive - continuing 197 o'ryan drive , pursue the big-rig . mackelway get on he cel - phone , dial . rain fall in sheet all around they . mackelway ( into cel - phone ) ( urgently ) this be mackelway ! I be travel north on ... Grove Road , approach I - 30 in greenville . request immediate back -up . pursue a suspect in a refrigerate truck , Texas license plate Alpha - - the yukon swerve hard to the right , narrowly avoid the tail end of Zero 's rig as he swing it into we path . mackelway drop the phone . grab it again . mackelway ( phone , cont 'd ) alpha-4-5-2-tango-foxtrot-alpha. Zero do it again - swinging the rear of he rig across the road , force o'ryan to swerve hard . the yukon get shove on to a curb , then clunk down to the street again . 113 . then Zero jam on the brake . mackelway 's eye go wide . mackelway ( cont 'd ) ( at o'ryan ) brake ! o'ryan jump on the brake . the yukon screech to a stop , throw itself into a sideways slide . it bang , passenger side first , into the rear of the truck , break a window . mackelway duck out of the way of break glass . then the rig pull away again . o' Ryan follow . 198 the chase - continuing 198 Zero 's rig turn hard onto a service road , run parallel to the interstate . mackelway be lock in on that truck . mackelway ( cont 'd ) ( into cel - phone again ) travel due west now . do not see a name . it 's a service road , run parallel to the -- then mackelway freeze , mid-word . he just see something that make he jaw drop : on the other side of this road be a field of tall wheat . time seem to stop . his blood feel like it just congeal . tall wheat in a wet wind . he have be here before . he have see it before . and so have o'ryan ... mackelway just stare , slack - jaw , as that wheat whip past they . the feel be so unsettle that for a moment he forget about Zero , and the rig , and the kid ... everything have just crystallize in a horrible way . he know that he be go to wind up in that wheat field , somehow , with o'ryan . and o'ryan will be begging he for mercy . " please ... " o'ryan gun the yukon , attempt to cut in front of the rig . Zero swing wide , send the yukon into a curb this time . that shred they front tire . ... which mean that in one minute this car be go to be undriveable . so if they do not stop Zero from hit that interstate - now - Zero will be go . 114 . mackelway ( cont 'd ) ( absently ) what be you ... o'ryan can not let he hit the interstate . mackelway brace himself , as o'ryan gun he car up the leave side of the rig , shred tire and all . then : he pull right in front of the rig . at about 60 m.p.h . and he jam on the brake . Zero swerve , out of instinct . it throw the rig into a vicious jack -knife . the van whip around in front of the cab , swatting the yukon away like a fly . we be inside the yukon as it roll , mackelway and o'ryan look like tinker toy . the torque pull Zero 's rig onto its side , slide hard . Metal hit concrete , send up a shower of SPARKS . the yukon wind up in a ditch alongside the service road , upside down . mackelway , alive and awake , strain to look out the bust windshield . what he see be hard to discern - but it look like Zero 's rig be lie flat on its side . and , of course , he be mere yard from that wheat field ... 199 ext . service road - continuing 199 the rig 's cab lie driver 's - side down . but the passenger - side door pop open . and Zero poke through it , he eye immediately scan that tall wheat . rain pour . mackelway 's watch . o' Ryan , who black out for a second now open he eye , get the picture in a hurry . Zero leap to the ground , roll , and rise . only thing in he hand be a tire iron . carry it , he sprint into the wheat field - vanish . mackelway burst out of the yukon , in pursuit . o' Ryan 's door be stick . mackelway do not stop to help he - just barrel across the street . just then - a state ranger car arrive . 115 . mackelway ( over he shoulder , run ) get the van open ! he 's get a kid in the van ! state ranger hurry out of he squad car . mackelway sprint into the tall wheat . o' Ryan , with a grunt , get he door open . now he too disappear into that wheat field . 200 ext . wheat field - continuing 200 tall wheat in a stiff wet wind , and not a drop of moonlight to guide we . mackelway plunge in , gun draw . no idea where he 's go . ... except he 's be here before . he 's see it . and there be a feel of inevitability to all this ; it 's haunt . he 's practically blind in here . can not see five foot in front of he . nothing but the sound of he own breathe . that , too , be presage . that vision ... 201 ext . zero's toppled rig - continuing 201 it 's lock . Ranger pull out he handgun and blow the lock away . 202 ext . wheat field - resuming 202 mackelway keep run , deaf and blind . o'ryan be run nearby , but they can not see or hear one another . 203 int . the toppled rig - refrigerated van - resuming 203 200 side of beef lie on they side . Ranger plunge in . then the Ranger spot , in the back of the van , a false - wall that use to hide a secret compartment . the crash have collapse part of the false - wall . frozen air blow out in wisp . he climb over that carcass , fast as he can ... 204 ext . wheat field - resuming 204 mackelway keep go , run blind . 116 . then , another sound , up ahead . sound like the noise of someone stumbling . mackelway stop . listen . silence . the sound do not repeat itself . he continue along , step by cautious step now . 205 int . toppled rig - refrigerated van - resuming 205 Ranger get over the last of the carcass , pull himself up to the now-open compartment . first thing we see be a refrigeration rod , the one that be responsible for that freezer burn . then we see Charlie , bound . he 's tremble with cold , but he 's alive . his leg press up against the rod . 206 ext . wheat field - resuming 206 mackelway , inching along , heart pound . he hear a noise to he leave . whip around , gun poise . but it 's nothing . he sigh . the wheat almost sound like it 's laugh at he . then that tire iron lash out , from the right . it catch mackelway with horrific force , shatter he wrist and send that gun fly into the wheat . before mackelway can react , Zero be upon he ... 207 ext . the toppled rig - resuming 207 Fran 's Ford skid to a stop outside the van . ... just as the Ranger bring Charlie out of the rig . the kid be shaking , traumatize . he begin to cry ... Fran get the idea . she hurry over . 208 ext . wheat field - resuming 208 mackelway and Zero wrestle , surround and obscure by all of that wheat ... Zero be a monster , and he 's get that tire iron . mackelway have a bust wrist . hardly a fair fight . but mackelway be battle : kick , claw , get in as many shot as he can . his shirt rip away from he body , expose that brand -mark . they roll back and forth . until : 117 . o'ryan ( o.s. ) ( calmly , firmly ) up. Zero freeze . mackelway too . they turn to find : o'ryan ... who stand here , mackelway 's gun in hand . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) up. mackelway 's relief be total . he push Zero away , rise . Zero pull himself off the ground , chagrin . zero ( be : mackelway ) glad you be here , man . guy be about to kill I . o' Ryan , without ceremony , put a bullet through Zero 's leave palm . that get mackelway 's attention . Zero howl with pain , he palm gush . the tire - iron fall to the ground . mackelway approach o'ryan . mackelway I will take it from here . he extend he good hand to o'ryan : " the gun . " o' Ryan pause . then ... o'ryan be you go to shoot he ? mackelway give I the gun , o'ryan . zero hey , I just surrender . o'ryan shut up . zero I surrender ! that 's it ! o'ryan shut up !!! o'ryan wheel around , aim the gun right at Zero 's face . that shut the guy up in a hurry . 118 . from that service road now , we hear a line of siren , approach from a distance . unit after unit . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ( quietly now ) look at he , mack . he 's not human anymore . go dig up that old lady 's backyard - you will find body there ... maybe hundred of they . of course , ya gotta get a warrant first , chain of custody 's gotta be follow . one breach , and he walk . ( no reply ) my way , he 's eliminate ; the world be rid of he . it 's a lot closer to justice than have some prosecutor tell you you have leave a tissue sample in the wrong lab . be not it ? mackelway ( that stung ) give I the fuck gun ! o'ryan turn , study he . ... and hand he the gun . just like that . mackelway eye it . o'ryan do not say a word , just cross back to Zero , and grab that tire - iron off the ground . o'ryan 's now stand right behind Zero , as : o'ryan ( at mackelway ) you have to understand : none of this be arbitrary . we be choose , you and i. whap ! o'ryan just swing that tire - iron into Zero 's rib cage . we hear bone crack , and air rush from the guy 's lung . he drop to he knee , gasp . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) I see we here . you do too . thump ! another violent swing of that tire -iron , busting up the other side of Zero 's torso . now both side of he rib-cage have shattered . breathe be almost impossible . mackelway tighten . his head just begin to throb ... mackelway okay . you make you point . 119 . o'ryan bullshit ! if I would make my fuck point you would have shot he yourself by now ! another swing of that tire -iron , across the back of Zero 's neck . he crumble , face down . fuck it . mackelway cross to o'ryan and put that gun right up against the back of o'ryan 's head . mackelway enough ! then , a odd thing ... o' Ryan simply smile . something about have that gun point right at he - it 's a relief . mackelway ( cont 'd ) Drop it . o'ryan or what ? mackelway just drop it . o'ryan would you shoot I ? that 's something mackelway do not want to consider . mackelway put it down . o'ryan ( calmly ) I want you to think for a second . about you destiny . who you be . you be curse , like I be - except you keep run from it . ( mackelway 's silent ) you hear thing . you see thing . that 's why you can not sleep , why you head always aches . he turn . they be face to face . nothing but that gun between they . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ... and it 's why you be go to let I kill this animal . and then you be go to kill I . 120 . that throw mackelway badly . o' Ryan seize the moment - wheeling around ... he take one last swing at Zero , like a lumberjack . the tire - iron impact Zero 's skull with a dull thud , crack it . he be dead . mackelway 's eye go wide . Whole thing have be a blur . o'ryan release the tire-iron ... and drop to he knee like a man await execution , he back to mackelway . mackelway be silent . stun . the blood from Zero 's cave - in skull find its way to o'ryan 's knee . but o'ryan remain peaceful . calm . ready . mackelway get up . o'ryan I can not do that , mack . I have see all this already . for month now . mackelway get up . o'ryan every time , we be in this field : same wind , same rain . and you ... he put a finger to he head , pretend it 's a gun . then he pretend to pull the trigger . mackelway get the idea . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . I want you to . I be begging you to . mackelway do not know what to do . then , make matter worse : fran ( o.s. ) ( aloud ) mack ? she 's about a hundred yard away ... but she will be here soon enough . that put some heat under o'ryan : o'ryan I be tired , mack . fran ( o.s. ) can you hear I ? 121 . she 's 90 yard out now ... o'ryan pull the trigger ... ( no reply ) I be not go to jail . now pull the fuck trigger ! mackelway 's freeze . o'ryan know it . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) Fucking coward . o'ryan rise now , face mackelway . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) some thing be not up to we to decide . they just exist . they be inevitable . this field . this rain . this moment . it have all already happen . you know that . you have see it too . he shove mackelway in the chest . fran ( o.s. ) mack ? she 's 70 yard out now ... o'ryan shut it off for I . mackelway I be not go to kill you , o'ryan . o'ryan of course you will . I have see it . mackelway you see wrong ! o'ryan ( incredulous ) that 's impossible . fran ( o.s. ) mack ? can you hear I ? 50 yard out now . maybe close enough to hear o'ryan 's voice ... o'ryan ( rambling , unravel ) you do not understand . that fuck face ( more ) 122 . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) on that map . they call to I . I see they eye in the dark - they be stare at I : " how do you let this happen to I ? " but that 's the thing about they - they be like picture . they never blink . they just ... stare , and always at I . that 's my destiny , do you see ? I do not help they when they need I and this be my penance . fine. I accept it . but I be opting out now , ya get it ? I can not stand this anymore ! I wanna close my eye for once and see something other than torture . ( mackelway 's expressionless ) it 's not a bad start , mack . we have make the world a little safer now . speck , fulcher , starkey , now Zero . we have make justice . but I get some too . you have to end all this for I . that 's why you be here . it 's you destiny . mackelway stop tell I about my fuck destiny ! o'ryan ( again ) but I have see it ! mackelway open you eye , o'ryan ! here I be , stand here . I be not shoot you . do not that fuck tell you something ? you be a guy with a skill . period . they teach you more than they should have . I be sorry about that ... but you be not God . you can not see everything . o'ryan yes I can ! and you can too ! that 's why I choose you ! fran ( o.s. ) mack ? mackelway 's not budging . o' Ryan can see that . o'ryan ( be : tire - iron ) Fine . I will make it easy for you : o'ryan pick up that tire - iron . mackelway see what 's come . o' Ryan swing the tire-iron as mackelway back out of its range . 123 . mackelway put the fuck thing down , o'ryan . o'ryan keep pursue . another swing . mackelway keep back up . the swing miss . o'ryan look . it 's perfect . wo not even need a hearing this way . you apprehend the suspect in the commission of a murder . then he turn on you and you fire in self - defense . o' Ryan be not let up . and mackelway can not quite fire . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) this thing be bigger than you - have not you see that yet ? destiny . justice . mercy . they be vast . we be just puppet ! mackelway I be not go to kill you ! o'ryan you do not get to decide that ! mackelway yes I do ! o'ryan take one more swing , as : fran ( o.s. ) freeze !!! silence . mackelway turn . so do o'ryan . there 's Fran , emerge from the tall wheat , gun train right on o'ryan . his shock be total . fran ( cont 'd ) Drop it . o' Ryan do not move at first . then , slowly , a ironic smile snake its way across he lip . o'ryan ( at mackelway , surprised ) it 's funny . I never see anyone else out here . do you ? mackelway do not answer . he can not . o'ryan eye he . 124 . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) do it , mack. please . ( mackelway 's silent ) please . I be begging you . there it be : the very thing mackelway 's be hearing all this time , the exact word . unsettle as hell . ... and we begin to intercut : image of this moment with image from that " vision " that have be hint at this very wheatfield since page one ... 208a intercut with / ext . wheatfield " fantasy " - same 208a tall wheat , wet wind , o'ryan 's voice : " I be begging you ... " ... mackelway snap himself out of the vision . mackelway I can not . that be almost a attempt to make that image stop , to deny its awful , inevitable conclusion . mackelway ( cont 'd ) I be not you . o'ryan yet . two man , neither of they flinching ... until o'ryan nod - as if to say " good -bye . " ... more of that vision interrupt now : a gun , rise ... o'ryan rear back and swing that tire - iron right at mackelway 's head . Fran have no choice . she fire . o'ryan be hit right between the shoulder blade . the tire -iron hit mackelway in the shoulder . o' Ryan crumble to the ground , landing face up . ...a body slumping to the ground . o'ryan ... mackelway stand over he ... now , real - life again , mackelway stand over o'ryan , just as o'ryan have always envision it . that make he smile , even as he 's die . 125 . o'ryan ( cont 'd ) ( weak ) thank you . then he die , eye open . mackelway look to Fran ... dissolve to : 209 ext . service road - dawn 209 hour have pass . dozen of law enforcement vehicle have arrive . sherrif , fed . Zero 's rig remain on its side . mackelway sit nearby on a curb , he shattered wrist be in a sling . up above , the cloud have parte . Morning sun streak through . no more rain . Fran sit beside he . at they foot , in the gutter of this service road , lie a discard milk carton , cover with dust . the face under the " have you see I ? " be unknown to we . Kathleen be nearby , hold Charlie tight . cop surround they . a unmarked sedan arrive . charlton hurry out of it , make a bee-line for mackelway . charlton Nice work . ( mackelway half - nod ) where be he ? mackelway Sir ? charlton o'ryan . where be he ? mackelway rise , study charlton . there 's nothing to say . so he extend a hand to Fran . she take it , rise to she foot . they leave charlton behind ... we pull away from they , craning up , take in this expanse of tall wheat , tilting up to that morning sun . match dissolve to : ...an afternoon SUN now - blaze white hot . tilt down ... 126 . 210 ext . deliax ranch -house - day 210 we be some distance away . heat rise off parched Earth , lend a vaporous screen to everything . but we can make out the shape of man in haz -mat suit . delia 's backyard be be tear up by a back -hoe . look like a war-zone : body , wrap in cloth , be exhume from the ground . dozen of they ... but there 's plenty of soil yet to be turn ... might be hundred unearth by the time this guy be through . we ... fade out ...