Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. sweet november by kurt voelker 5/09/00 5/11/00 5/18/00 5/30/00 6/01/00 6/05/00 6/12/00 base on the screenplay " sweet November " by herman raucher revision by Becky johnston ( buff ) ( salmon ) ( cherry ) ( Tan ) ( White ) ( Blue ) ( pink ) shoot draft June 12 , 2000 4/5/00 fade in : ext . san francisco - day open credit and music play as dawn break over the city by the bay . sound of intense sexual exertion fade int . nelson's apartment - bedroom - day in what be more workout than lovemake , nelson moss ( 36 ) thrust vigorously into angelica ( 32 ) , lie spread - eagle on she back . a alarm go off , and on cue , Nelson climax . open credit and music fade out . finish , Nelson hop to he foot on he way ... nelson that be good ... ambivalent , angelica watch as Nelson enter the bathroom . nelson top dog , big dog , bad dog ... int . nelson's apartment - bathroom - day Nelson shower . nelson who 's the best dog ? it 's my dog . int . nelson's apartment - bedroom - day towel -wrapped , Nelson keep talk as he cross the room . nelson it 's the big , bad dog . angelica pull on she underwear as she watch Nelson exit . int . nelson's apartment - live area - day the penthouse be orderly and stark . enter , Nelson grab a income fax , turn on a coffeemaker and pick up a remote control . ignoring a stun view of the city , he close the blind and turn on five television . 4/5/00 2 . int . nelson's apartment - bedroom - day fax in hand , Nelson speed -dial on a cell phone as he pass angelica . enter a walk - in closet , he dress in a hurry . nelson number one dog , dog at the top -- angelica slow down . we need to talk . nelson Vince ? vince ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) how about that vitagirl number ? nelson ( into phone ) yeah , look good . ( to angelica , fake innocent ) talk about what ? he see the look on she face , turn he head , roll he eye and mouth " we " as she say : angelica us. he mouth " shit , " then turn to flash she a reassure smile , hold up a finger to wait as he finish he call . vince ( v.o. ) we be t-minus 72 hour from fast food fame or oblivion . ready to sign off on this copy ? Nelson make a apologetic face to angelica , use work to avoid deal with she , hurry into the live room . nelson almost . meet you in twenty . int . nelson's apartment - live area - day he hang up the phone , and take a deep breath . he be in a state of extremely jangle nerve . he pour a giant coffee , praying angelica will stay in the bedroom as he channel - surf on all five tvs , stop on a hot dog commercial . ( continued ) 4/5/00 3 . continued : catch a good one , he switch set to the same channel . brace himself as she enter , wear undy . nelson us. right . hey -- be not there some kinda limit on ' we ' talk ? you know , one okay , two if necessary , three , cruel and unusual . he flash a smile and bolt , evade she once again . int . nelson's apartment - bedroom - day Nelson re-enter the closet and finish dress , obsessed . nelson good dog , great dog ... angelica you forget about my parent , do not you ? he do . nelson I can not make it . I be sorry . angelica Nelson , this be they third trip to the city . this be important to I . nelson and this account be very important to I . ( see how hurt she be ) come on , it 's Doctor diggety , it 's practically a american institution . ( stop ) hey -- do that play ? american institution -- angelica stop it -- you know there be actually people who do not work 24 hour a day . they stop . relax . have life . dress in chic clothes , Nelson grab he suitcase . ( continued ) 10 4/5/00 4 . continued : 8 nelson yeah , and I be late for mine . he rush out , the door slamm shut behind he . int . elevator - day 9 sleepy madison Avenue type surround Nelson , wide awake as he talk on he cell phone . nelson -- look , I be not sure I like the tagline anymore , it 's work too hard , need to be deadpan . I wanna play with it for a few hour -- vince ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) cut it out , man , copy 's good . apply the ' if it be not break ' rule . int . jabe & dunne - day 10 the elevator open onto a advertising agency , abuzz with activity . Nelson be meet by vince holland ( 36 ) . walk side - by-side , both man continue talk into they phone . nelson ( over phone ) that rule apply to mediocrity . we want perfection . vince ( over phone ) what we want be a check , Nelson . and bonuse . and promotion . you worry too much . nelson I worry because worry about lose keep you win . suddenly aware of themselves , they pocket they phone as a office manager hand Nelson a advertising award . office manager congrat , Nelson . you get the ad Age for the pelican spot . ( continued ) 10 11 4/5/00 5. continued : 10 unimpress , Nelson start to hand the award to he secretary , beatrice ( 23 ) -- when Vince pluck it away . vince you will hide it like all the other . whereas I will take it and put it where it belong . over my bed . Nelson pick up a stack of trade as he blow by beatrice 's desk on the way into he office . Vince follow he in . beatrice good morning , Mr. moss. Vince . greeting she , Nelson ignore beatrice . Vince flirt . nelson and vince Morning , beatrice . int . jabe and dunne - nelson's office - day 11 a temple of California corporate cool , the place look like a hip playpen for a kid who never grow up . Nelson immediately settles down to work , furiously type new copy into he computer as Vince nervously peer over he shoulder to observe the change , want to distract he , change subject . vince hey , do you hear ? Edgar price be come out of retirement . say everybody 's rip he off ; might as well get back in the game and rip himself off . nelson Edgar price , huh ? he 's great . vince remember that mercede spot he do ... a trillion year ago ? ( fold hand together as if in prayer ) genius . nelson yeah , well maybe a trillion year from now some guy will say the same about you . if you get off you butt and work on this tag . ( continued ) 4/5/00 6 . 11 continued : 11 the door open and they boss , raeford dunne , poke he head in . he be as anxious as Vince and Nelson about this account . dunne how 's my dream team ? get it lock up ? nelson sure , chief . just finess some -- vince minor detail . minor . 11a int . jabe and dunne - art department - day 11a Nelson and Vince be walk into a art department . vince can not wait to show you this board -- I mean , they come out great , perfect . the best work I have ever do -- of course with you help -- ( pause ) client 's gonna love ‘em . by now they be inside the room and Nelson be quickly surveying a set of storyboard which we do not see . he jab a finger as he indicate each one , all business . nelson make this night . vince Nelson -- nelson give I a bonfire . vince Nelson , stop -- nelson make this three quarter . ( point to another board ) nastier . give I more cleavage , more dog -- vince nelly -- stop , stop , stop ! ( continued ) 11a 12 13 4/5/00 7 . continued : 11a just then , beatrice enter the room , relieved to find Nelson there . beatrice there you be . do you forget you one o'clock at the d.m.v .? nelson sort of . reschedule . beatrice the deadline to renew be today . nelson so let it expire . beatrice it be expire when you get the ticket . that 's why you have to go . nelson beatrice , I do not have time for this . wait till the presentation 's over ... beatrice if you do not renew today , they '1l suspend you license , which mean the next time you get pull over , they can throw you in jail . and I bet you do not have time for that , either . a hush fall over the room . vince nobody beat the d.m.v. , nel . not even you . int . dmv - day 12 Nelson be in hell . the " appointment " line be endless , and a baby behind he be scream . check he watch , Nelson be scribbling more copy in a notebook as the baby pitch climb higher . int . dmv - test room - day 13 annoy beyond belief , Nelson wait as a proctor pass out test to a room full of random San franciscan . ( continued ) 4/5/00 8. 13 continued : 13 proctor there will be no talk , eat , or drink . if you personal hygiene become a distraction , you will be ask to leave -- running late , SARA ( 25 ) , stumble into the room . at the same time , the paper bag in she arm rupture , spilling a motley assortment of grocery . she get down on she hand and knee start pick they up , reach for a salami log under Nelson 's chair ... proctor if you need to go to the bathroom , raise you hand . SARA can you just pass I the columbo ... nelson the ...? SARA the salami ... under you chair . proctor you can not take the test in the bathroom . Nelson reach for the salami , hand it to she . nelson here you go . proctor if you do not come back from the bathroom , you can not pass the test . during this , Sara have take a seat next to Nelson . proctor you may begin . 14 int . dmv - test room - day ( later ) 14 halfway through the test , Nelson be beginning to fray . nelson falling rock zone ... Christ . ( continued ) 14 4/5/00 9 . continued : 14 Nelson 's eye wander over to Sarah 's test . nelson hey . psst . Sara give he a " cut it out " look and return to she test . nelson number nine . true or false ? SARA what ? you wonder why ? what ? proctor Excuse I ! bring you test forward ! Nelson hunker down . SARA me? proctor yes , you . SARA but I be just try to tell he to stop ... she 's too ethical to rat , too annoyed to let he off the hook . SARA «+. talk to I . proctor bring you test forward ! Sara reluctantly approach the proctor , who take she test . proctor you may retake the test in 30 day . SARA what ?! 30 day ! that 's a long time -- that 's so unfair ! I be not do anything -- the immovable proctor grimly shake he head , point to door . steam , Sara return to she desk . gather she thing , she glare balefully at Nelson , who pretend not to notice . 15 4/5/00 10 . ext . dmv - day 15 Nelson , talk on he phone , emerge from the dmv . nelson Nelson moss for Vince . do rubin tweak the music ? vince ( v.o. ) no , he say it 's fine . nelson cut he . get Johnson McDonald , give he the sample , he will know what I want . just then he notice Sara sit on the hood of he brand new mercede , she give he a jaunty wave . SARA how would the test go ? hope you pass . he ignore she for a moment , something have catch he eye -- a beat - up van with yapping dog paint on it and the word : " barking mad dog groomer and day care . sanity in a dog-eat - dog world . 's it be park next to he mercede . nelson ( into phone ) hey , Vince , what about this ? ' barking mad for Doctor diggety . sanity in a dog-eat - dog world . vince ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) now I know you have lose you mind . SARA congratulation , you can read . she keep sit on he hood , stare at he . nelson ( to Vince ) call you back . he hang up . slowly walk over to she , not thrilled that she 's sit on he car . nelson can I help you ? SARA can you help I ? ( continued ) 15 4/5/00 11 . continued : 15 nelson yeah . she keep stare , say nothing . he feel pin by she gaze , peer around , then point to she van . nelson oh -- that must be you van . SARA this must be you car . nelson and you can not drive ? right , right . this be how you make -- he reach for he wallet . nelson oh , shit , right . well , how much do you make ? do not look like much . I will cover you expense -- ( reach for money , decide against it , pull out business card instead ) here , call my secretary , she will take care of it -- she take the card , peer quizzically at it . SARA be this quest for redemption come from true remorse , or be you just worried that my sit on you car will leave a big dent ? nelson the dent , I guess . SARA that 's what I think . there 's a flicker of recognition in she eye , as if she have confirm something in she own mind . he gesture to she -- get up . she do not budge . annoy , he reach in he wallet and shove a hundred dollar bill at she . SARA what be you do ? nelson buying redemption . ( continued ) 4/5/00 12 . 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 SARA ( refuse money ) oh , redemption 's not for sale today . nelson okay , I guess I be go to hell . get off my car . stun , she get off he car as he scramble inside and roar out of the lot . 16 int . nelson's apartment - night 16 Nelson work out at a intense pace on a treadmill as he watch all five tv 's . other than shelf of glass vase and ceramics , the only other decor be a fish tank occupy by a lone fish . the microwave beeps , Nelson jump off mumble : nelson what be it ? it 's a hot dog . it 's a hot dog . it 's a ... open the oven , he grab a hot dog , nearly burn he hand . nelson it 's a hot dog. ( eureka ) that 's right ! it 's a hot dog ! it 's a hot dog ! he cut it and jab a piece on a fork , just as the intercom buzy . as he speak he stare at the hot dog on fork . nelson yeah ? manny ( v.o. ) ( over intercom ) Mr. moss , this be manny downstairs , I gotta bit of a situation here . a certain lady , she say ... ( whisper , embarrassed ) some very strange and personal thing about you . Nelson still stare at the hot dog on fork , transfix . ( continued ) 4/5/00 13 . 16 continued : 16 SARA ( v.o. ) ( over intercom ) give I that thing . manny ( over intercom ) miss , you can not do -- Nelson hear scuffling sound filter over the intercom . then Sara 's voice waft up , honey and seductive . SARA ( v.o. ) hey , big spender , come down here . I can not stop think about you . Nelson 's bewilder , and intrigue . check he watch , mutter : nelson ten minute . ( press " talk " ) okay . be right down . as he walk away , he take a bite of the hot dog on fork and nearly gag before spitting it out . 17 int . nelson's build - lobby - dusk 17 in sweat , Nelson come out of the elevator . Sara be busy listen to a besotted manny tell she he whole life story . manny -- and then my ex- wife , she say you can not fix nothing , manny , and she leave I for plumber -- Sara finally notice Nelson approach , flash a smile . SARA look at that , manny . my very own Prince charm . ( to Nelson ) I do not think I have ever meet such a royal asshole in my whole life . Nelson stop in he track , staggered . she be off ona toot . ( continued ) 17 18 4/5/00 14 . continued : 17 SARA do you mother know you treat woman like hooker ? or do she raise you to think be nice mean patronize the whole world ? manny uh-oh . I smell a problem . Nelson grab Sara by the arm , whisk she outside . ext . nelson's build - dusk 18 Nelson and Sara face off in the street . nelson how do you find I ? she hold up the business card he give she . SARA I be smart . ( pause ) and I need a ride . nelson this be a joke , right ? ( as she shake she head ) you want a ride -- from I ? SARA yep . face it , it 's you fault I can not drive . the least you can do be schlep I somewhere . it 's quick , painless -- nelson I be not a schlepper . manny knock on the glass from the inside and hold up a handwritten sign that read , " you want I call police ? " Nelson shake he head . turn back to Sara . nelson be a ball , but some of we have to work . SARA do not make I go too far . ( continued ) 18 19 4/5/00 15 . continued : 18 he make a gesture , cut she off , head toward the entrance , Sara stop a clean - cut couple enter the building . SARA maybe you can help ? this man -- he 's you neighbor , right -- have be stand naked in he window flash he ass at I and I want he to stop -- nelson ignore she , please . as the flustered couple scurries inside , Sara stop a young woman on she way out . SARA hi , how be you ? we have get a case of vodka and a bathtub full of fudge upstairs , would you like to join we ? nelson stop it or I will call the police . SARA great . go ahead . I love the police . nelson do you have any shame at all ? ( pause ) no. int . mercede - night 19 the picture of displeasure , Nelson drive . Sara check out the luxe car , the leather , the light on dash . not impressed . SARA by the way , my name 's Sara deever. ( point ) okay , get in the right lane , put you turn signal on -- nelson I know how to drive ! SARA you want to take the 80 to oakland -- ( continued ) 19 20 21 22 4/5/00 16 . continued : 19 nelson oakland ? you say this would be quick . SARA I say it would be painless , too . then , she flash a warm , disarming smile , full of charm -- completely throw he yet again . SARA it 's so nice of you to do this for I , Nelson . sorry if I go too far , but I really do need the ride . ext . oakland - night 20 in the midst of a industrial district , the mercede pull up near a nondescript building . int . mercede - night 21 Sara pull a flame red wig out of she bag and put it on . Nelson be not amused . nelson ha-ha . what do you plan to do with that ? SARA commit a heinous crime . you will wait , will not you ? Sara snatch the key out of the ignition . SARA of course you will . she climb out . Nelson bang he head against the steering wheel . nelson what be I do ? ext . oakland - night 22 Sara approach the building . she go in . moment later , a alarm blare . 23 24 25 26 27 4/5/00 17 . int . mercede - night 23 the alarm clanging , Nelson be freeze , completely terrify , realize this could be far more serious than he imagine . ext . oakland - night 24 carry lumpy sack , Sara flee the building . int . mercede - night 25 Sara jump in and jam the key in the ignition . SARA go! go! go ! Nelson be so frighten , he obey she and fire up the car . ext . oakland - night 26 Nelson 's car screech into motion . int . mercede - night 27 SARA do not you feel like bonnie and clyde ? nelson they get shot . do not open it -- I do not wanna know ! this be coercion -- entrapment ! SARA will you relax ? they be just ... to Nelson 's amazement , Sara remove two squirming Jack Russell puppy from the bag . SARA .+. some fine furry friend . ( kiss puppy ) somebody be gonna slice open you little head and do nasty experiment on you brain , be not they ? she let they go as the car stop for a light . Nelson lash out , furious . ( continued ) 27 27a 27b 27c 28 4/5/00 18 . continued : 27 nelson off the leather , off the leather ! ( try to compose himself ) let I get this straight . you humiliate I , harass and exploit I -- just so -- I could help you in some cute save - the- puppy caper ? off the leather ! SARA not cool enough for you ? better if we whacked a few people while we be at it ? ( point to traffic light ) you can go on green in California . ext . oakland STREET - night 27a the mercede swerve and screech as Nelson be assault by the slobbering pup . omitted 27b & 27c ext . gas station - night 28 the puppy tumble on the ground , Sara crouch on she knee play with they as Nelson fill he tank with gas . down the street he see a police car scan the block , its searchlight rake the building . his eye light up . nelson get ready to go to jail , Sara deever . SARA you be not gonna tell they . the car be come closer , Nelson nod , excited . nelson oh yeah . everything . SARA ( hold she ground ) oh no , you will not , I have a hunch about you . ( continued ) 28 4/5/00 19 . continued : 28 the car reach they ; as it glide past , Nelson meekly raise he hand to wave , furious that he have capitulate again . SARA see ? I know you be not as hard - ball as you act . stone-face , Nelson admit nothing . keeps pump gas . SARA hey , I have a idea . let 's take they back to my place and give they name -- nelson sound like a million laugh , but I gotta work . SARA what kind of work ? nelson advertise . SARA oh , you mean you convince people they need something completely inessential and blight the landscape in the process . nelson bingo ! that 's I ! SARA be it fun ? do you enjoy it ? nelson people tend to enjoy what they be really good at . SARA so the answer be -- yes ? you do . but do it make you happy ? nelson everyone know happiness be a myth , a extremely powerful myth -- Sara 's laugh start as a snicker , build to a full - blow howl . ( continued ) 20 . 4/5/00 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 SARA -- created by advertiser ! nelson exactly . SARA so what else make you miserable , besides you job ? Nelson do not answer . SARA what do you do for fun ? he do not answer , but she act as if they be converse . SARA I do not think so . no hobby , diversion , kinky obsession ? ( as he do not answer ) I be afraid of that . what about -- Nelson ram the nozzle back into the pump . nelson just get in the car . 29 ext . sara' build - night 29 the mercede pull up to the curb . 30 int . mercede - night 30 SARA would you like to come up for a cup of cocoa ? nelson as scintillating as the evening 's be , I be afraid not . Sara be undeniably sincere and sexy , and even Nelson can not help but be tempt just a little . SARA I will make a deal with you . come up for one cup , and I will never ask you for another ride for as long as I live . ( continued ) 30 31 4/5/00 21 . continued : 30 nelson no thanks . SARA okay . see you tomorrow then . Sara start to get out , but Nelson stop she . nelson whoa , whoa , whoa -- hold on . SARA be eight o'clock good ? you , I , manny the doorman , that whole thing ? int . sara' loft - night 31 deliberately chaotic , Sara 's loft include the fire pole from the old station and plant galore . as the puppy carouse in a pen , Sara set two teacup on the kitchen table , where Nelson be sit , aware of the fact that she be openly check he out . he try to strike a nonchalant pose . SARA I can help you , Nelson . I have a gift . a special ability to help man with ... problem . think this be a seduction tactic , he play along . nelson I do not have problem . SARA that 's usually the first sign . Nelson groan as she sit down across from he , dead serious . nelson of what ? SARA denial . I think you work too much . nelson right . what do you know about work ? ( continued ) 31 4/5/00 continued : freak ? 22 . 31 SARA plenty . you admit you do nothing else , and it do not make you happy . how 's that for screwy logic ? nelson I admit nothing . I be silent . SARA no special interest . no pet . you hate dog -- nelson busted ! actually , I do have a pet . a fish . oscar . SARA cold-blood do not count . you be a walk case study : we have get anger , stress , repression , extreme distraction , egocentricity , and control freakism -- nelson Control freakism be not a word -- SARA look at you , you be a workaholic in such a advanced stage that all you intimacy skill have withere away to almost nothing . Left untreated , Nelson , you could become emotionally extinct . Nelson roll he eye and drink he cocoa , check out she messy loft with a wary look , think who be this nelson out of sheer , perverse curiosity , how do a lunatic like you help a guy like I ? SARA you live in a box . I could open the lid , let some light in . nelson wow that 's deep . I feel cure already , just hearing about it . ( continued ) 31 4/5/00 continued : Sara nod . 23 . ( 2 ) 31 SARA ( ignore he ) if you want my help , it will require a commitment on you part . you will have to live here with I for one month , no more , no less , no work allow . nelson you do not even know I , and you be invite I to move in with you ? nelson how 's my girlfriend suppose to feel about that ? SARA you do not have a girlfriend . I mean , you can feel it ... there 's something intimate a woman leave on aman . you do not have that . nelson her name 's angelica . SARA well you know what ? I feel sorry for angelica . nelson great , I will relay that to she when I leave . which be right about now -- SARA October 's almost over . we can start midnight on the first of November . if you be brave enough to commit , I will devote myself entirely to you . Nelson get up . nelson brave enough , but not stupid enough . ( pause ) now listen up , moonbeam . here 's how it work . no more harassment , no more ride , no more extortion . ( more ) ( continued ) 31 32 4/5/00 24 . continued : ( 3 ) 31 nelson ( cont 'd ) next time you come to my building , I really will call the cop . bye-bye . he leave . frown , Sara reflect on she fail proposal . int . jabe and dunne - conference room - day 32 at the end of a long table , raeford dunne sit next to buddy leach ( 65 ) . Vince and agency staff fill one side of the table . Leach and the Doctor diggety brass occupy the other . Leach 's face do not betray one emotion as he listen to Nelson 's presentation . on the wall , white sheet of paper cover board underneath . Nelson be at the top of he game , a consummate showman . he be so amp up , he 's practically throw off spark . he hold up a board with a image on it -- a silly look 50 's style hot dog cartoon figure -- Doctor diggety . nelson this be you brand image , mister Leach -- we poll you primary demographic and you know what eighty - nine percent say : boring . safe . we need to drop a bomb . ( drop the board ) we do not want hot dog safe . ( work up a head of steam ) what 's in a hot dog ? do not tell I ! I do not wanna know ... he rip down a white sheet of paper to reveal a image of a hot dog engulf in flame : the hot dog from hell . nelson they be dangerous ! ( pause ) what be we sell here ? we be sell temptation -- desire -- animal instinct -- gluttony -- sin . we want to show man as he really be ... a savage ... he need fire , he need food . he hunt and gather , what do he get ? ( continued ) 32 4/5/00 25 . continued : 32 rip down another sheet of what look like a cave man cooking hot dog on a grill , he family of savage huddle behind he . nelson he get a hot dog ! ( pause ) we be pagan , we love we ritual -- we team hit the ball out of the park , we be scream , we be insane . what do we want ? rip down another sheet of a crowd at baseball game pitch forward scream like monster , all hold hot dog . nelson we want a hot dog ! ( pause ) let 's go straight to you pre-teen demographic . kid . the little angel . they be not angel . they be monster . you give they a tuna sandwich . they do not want a tuna sandwich ... ( cip down another sheet ) they want a hot dog ! board show a little boy glumly hold up a tuna sandwich and a apple , lust after the hot dog in the hand of a cute girl next to he . Nelson rush over to another sheet . nelson we need woman . we have get the mother , we need they daughter . let 's answer that age old question -- what do a woman really want ? you know . I know -- ( vip sheet expose another board ) she want a hot dog ! he be like some rabid animal , all fire up . nelson we be hot blooded -- we need sex . we need a sinful , dangerous food . what be it ? ( rip another sheet ) it 's a hot dog ! it 's a hot dog ! ( continued ) 32 4/5/00 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 he go to the last sheet and rip it down . a picture of a total babe in devil costume , all bright red and cleavage , hold a pitchfork , a hot dog impale on the prong . the gate of hell sizzling overhead . the word : '' doctor diggety . it be a hot dog " at bottom . Nelson pause for dramatic effect . nelson Doctor diggety . it 's a hot dog . there be a long pause as Nelson catch he breath and everyone in the room turn to Leach to hear he reaction . mr . leach no. nelson ( take aback ) no . what do you mean ? mr . leach it 's not for we . you do not understand we company . nelson I do not understand ? what do you ask for ? edge. ( point ) this be edge . not even willing to deal with Nelson , Leach turn to raeford dunne , as he prepare to leave . mr . leach we will be go with Baker , bohane . he gesture to he team , they rise , start to leave . Nelson start to snap . nelson Excuse I . I think you be make a big mistake . dunne Nelson -- Nelson grab a sale chart , hold it up . nelson I have see you sale . you be in trouble . ( continued ) 4/5/00 27 . 32 continued : ( 3 ) 32 mr . leach ( proudly ) no . we be America 's favorite hot dog , son . he keep move toward the door , and Nelson finally snap . nelson be . you be a dinosaur . you be flatline . you be dead meat . mr . leach ( spin around , furious ) you just go too far , you little punk . I be gonna tell you what I really think of you campaign . it 's cheap , tasteless crap . nelson well that 's funny , ' cause so be you product . dunne Nelson , stop it -- mr . leach I sell a wholesome hot dog , you prick -- nelson it 's mystery meat ! dunne Nelson , I be warning you -- as Leach 's minion hustle he out of the room , Vince and two other ad guy hold Nelson back . he shout to Leach 's depart figure . nelson it 's toxic waste in a tube ! you be kill I ! you be kill we ! 33 int . jabe and dunne - dunne's office - day 33 dunne storm in , follow quickly by Nelson . dunne what the hell happen in there ? ( continued ) 33 4/5/00 continued : 28 . 33 nelson I know -- can you believe that asshole -- dunne I have always say you be brilliant , Nelson . a goddamn machine , but one of this day you be gonna snap , and we be all gonna burn . nelson what be you talk about , burn ? dunne do you have any idea what be at stake here ? how many million of dollar we just lose ? you just run my agency 's name through the gutter -- nelson gutter ? I be the best thing this agency 's get ! dunne do you have any idea what be at stake here ? how many million of dollar we just lose ? you just run my agency 's name through the gutter -- nelson gutter ? I be the best thing this company 's get ! dunne confuse style for substance do not make you best . it make you a wreck . you need a vacation . now . nelson screw vacation ! give I another account ! dunne Nelson , do you hear I ? take a vacation -- short or permanent , you choice !-- ( continued ) 33 34 35 36 37 4/5/00 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 nelson be you threaten I ? ( laugh manically ) that 's hilarious . I be two clios ahead of the game , Ray , you can not afford to lose I -- dunne you be fire . there 's a dead silence for a few beat . nelson say that again , I do not think I hear you . dunne i_said you be fire ! int . jabe and dunne - lobby - day 34 Nelson hurtle through the lobby . Elevator door open , Vince charge out . through plate glass window , see Nelson outside . vince nel ! Nelson , wait ! omitted 35 int . nelson's apartment build - hallway - dusk 36 Nelson try to unlock he door , he hand be shaking so badly he fumble with the key , labor to breathe . int . nelson's apartment - dusk 37 the door open and Nelson enter , instantly deflate . he 's very relieved to find angelica emerge from the bedroom . nelson God , be I glad to see you . angelica you be ? he notice she be carry a overnight bag . she muster she strength , mind make up . ( continued ) 4/5/00 30 . 37 continued : 37 angelica no muss , no fuss . let 's try to do this with a little dignity , shall we ? she cross toward the door , past he . he be shocked . nelson this be not a good time for this , angelica . angelica hard to believe but it 's not you call , Nelson . I just finally realize ... I can not stay involved with a man who do not even know he 's not involved . ( awkwardly ) so I guess this non-relationship be officially a non-relationship . all she effort to be cool be crack . she look away , push the corner of she eye , try to stop a tear . angelica I try to get close to you . I do . nelson ( panic ) wait -- please -- whatever I do -- or say , I do not mean , I will be better -- she know he 's lie , that 's even more humiliate to she . nelson please -- do not go . angelica I be not stay just because you do not want to be alone . she exit , leave Nelson alone in the silent penthouse . he approach he display of glass and ceramics and stare at they blankly . then , with a sudden , violent swipe , Nelson send the entire collection crash . someone knock on the door . manny ( 0.s. ) Mr. moss ? you okay ? ( continued ) 37 38 39 4/5/00 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 37 nelson I be fine . blood seep from a cut on Nelson 's hand . manny ( 0.s. ) you gotta delivery . nelson leave it ! manny ( 0.s. ) I be not sure you want I do that , sir . it 's from the loco lady ? the other night ? she say I do not deliver it personal , she gonna -- ( voice lower ) I be too shy to say it , mister moss . nelson I say leave it ! Nelson wrap a towel around he hand . open the door , he find a tatter box . stamped on the lid : november . the box start to move . horrify , Nelson lift the lid ! -- a Jack Russell puppy have a ridiculous - look Halloween hat tie to its head -- dangle from the hat be a key . int . nelson's build - lobby - dusk 38 Nelson storm off the elevator carry the box with the whining puppy inside . nelson manny ! manny ! go for the night , manny have leave a Polaroid of himself in costume on a sign that read , " manny say happy halloween ! " activate by Nelson 's movement , a electric goblin next to the sign cackle demonically . nelson shit ! int . nelson's apartment - dusk 39 on the phone , Nelson pace as the hyperactive puppy race through the apartment -- see the fish in the tank and start madly barking . ( continued ) 39 40 41 4/5/00 32 . continued : 39 nelson you be a delivery service . you deliver thing . ( to dog ) stop it ! shut up ! dispatcher ( v.o. ) not live animal , sir . too dangerous . nelson so what you be say be , if I kill the dog , you will take it . dispatcher ( v.o. ) please do not kill the dog , sir . Nelson slam the phone down and watch in horror as the barking puppy lift a leg and pee all over the carpet . ext . nelson's build - night 40 holding the box , Nelson lean over to talk to a cabby . nelson I have a unusual request . but I will pay you two hundred dollar . cabby get lose , you sick son-of - a-bitch . as the cab screech away , Nelson become unhinge . start howling in rage . Inside the box , the puppy bark in unison . int . sara' loft - night 4l church bell ring at the stroke of midnight as Sara pack a trunk . see beyond the area from night before -- the loft include a office cluster and a large bed . a key turn in the door . the door swing open . Nelson stand there look like a dishevel madman . he carry the box over to Sara . nelson do I a favor . stay out of my life . good-bye . she remove the puppy from the box , kiss it , then flash one of she win , adorable smile . ( continued ) 41 42 4/5/00 33 . continued : 4l SARA do you think about my offer ? nelson the last thing I feel like do right now be play the Sara deever mad hatter game . he put the box down and move towards the door . SARA what happen to you hand ? nelson nothing . SARA May I look at it ? nelson why ? Ernie have exhaust himself , collapse on the floor . SARA because I be a vampire . I know some thing about first aid . Nelson warily allow she to examine he hand . nelson what be you after ? what do you want from I ? she lead he to the bathroom as he study she suspiciously . int . bathroom - night 42 Sara treat Nelson 's hand . SARA so what would you do today ? nelson what would I do today ? ( pause ) I get fire . ( pause ) they take the company car . ( pause ) and my girlfriend leave I . ( continued ) 42 4/5/00 34 . continued : 42 SARA perfect . nelson define ' perfect . 's SARA it 's November first . we month to be together . nelson you be actually serious about this , be not you ? SARA very . nelson you think I be just gonna drop everything -- SARA sound like you already have . nelson -- live here , and let you mess with my head for a whole month ? SARA I would not put it that way , but yeah , that 's what you should do . Sara remove she sweater , revealing a very persuasive undershirt , and then return to work on he hand . nelson so this ... whatever you call it -- SARA help . Sara stand and start unbuttone Nelson 's shirt . nelson what be you do ? SARA take you shirt off . nelson why ? ( continued ) 42 43 44 45 46 4/5/00 35 . continued : ( 2 ) SARA so you can clean up . nelson why ? out in the open now , the sexual tension between they intensify . SARA because you smell like puppy piss . Sara take the shirt to the kitchen . int . sara' loft - bathroom - night ( later ) shirtless , Nelson seem bewilder , can not decide whether to wash up or get out of there -- he catch he reflection in the mirror , study it for a answer , mutter : nelson just for the night . he turn on the water , lean down to wash he face . int . sara' loft - night Sara spray the shirt with detergent . she cross the last day of October off a large wall calendar and then tear the month away , revealing November . omitted int . sara' loft - night clean up , Nelson come from the bathroom , Sara bring he the shirt . Nelson sniff it and put it on . they move closer . they kiss . channele he desperation , Nelson lift she onto the bed , spin she down and pull at she clothes . SARA wait , Nelson , stop ... stop . Sara push he back . ( continued ) 42 43 44 45 46 46 47 4/5/00 36 . continued : 46 nelson what ? SARA look at I . gently . slowly . he start in just as aggressively , and again she stop he . SARA Nelson , what be you do ? nelson what do it look like I be do ? SARA just take it easy . it do not have to be like this . we have get all night . he stare at she for a long moment and then pull away . nelson to hell with the whole goddamn thing . Nelson yank on he clothes . ext . sara' build - night 47 pour rain . wearing he suit with no shirt , Nelson storm out the door . Sara follow pull she sweater on . SARA Nelson , wait a second ! would you stop for one second ? he keep go . a few pedestrian gawk , but most keep go . Nelson pull Sara aside . nelson I have no word to describe how totally whacked you be ! SARA what be you so piss off about ?! ( continued ) 47 48 49 4/5/00 37 . continued : 47 nelson this have be the day from hell , and the absolute last thing I need be you tell I what to do in the sack ! SARA please come back . I will not tell you what to do . we do not even have to do anything . just do not go . for a moment , Nelson 's guard drop and he face betray how weary and shattered he be by the event of the day . she slip inside the open in the crack . SARA tell I what you want I to do , Nelson , and I will do it . tell I . int . sara' loft - night 48 sitting on the bed , Nelson stare intently at Sara , stand in front of he . nelson take that off . Sara pull she sweater over she head , revealing the same persuasive undershirt he see earlier . nelson that , too . Sara remove she shirt . expose , she wait for Nelson to make the next move . gently , he kiss she stomach . as he slowly work he way upward , a swoon Sara grow increasingly breathless . SARA would you like to be my November , Nelson ? nelson yes . finally let go , they meet in a deep , sensuous kiss . ext . san francisco - dawn 49 daylight return to the hectic city . 50 51 52 sweet november - Rev. 5/11/00 38 . int . sara' loft - day 50 alone in bed , Nelson be sound asleep , jerk bolt upright scream -- a cross -ey cat be gnaw at he toe . he grab the cat by the scruff of neck , ready to hurl it , then guiltily peek to see if Sara 's around , mutter : nelson Nice cat ... nice kitty ... Sara 's go . Nelson abruptly drop the cat -- it streak across the bed and barrel out to the live area where it be attack by Ernie , the puppy . sound of furry fighting ensue . Nelson jump out , throw on he boxer , momentarily puzzle -- where 's the rest of he clothes ? grab he cell phone and head over to a tv set surround by plant and fern . he try to turn it on , it do not work . shrugge , Nelson lower himself to the floor and begin a practice routine of situp as he punch a number on the phone . int . starbucks - day 51 Vince wink at the cute cashier as he step up to the front of the line . vince double venti caffe latte and you phone number . Vince 's phone ring . cute cashier ( ignore the pass ) double venti caffe latte : 3.85 . wedge the phone between he ear and shoulder , Vince dig cash out of he wallet . vince notorious Nelson ! Holy Christ man , I be try to call you . what the hell be go on ? intercut between Nelson and Vince . int . sara' loft - nelson - day 52 exercise . ( continued ) sweet november - Rev. 5/11/00 39 . 52 continued : 52 nelson Edgar price . vince Edgar price ? nelson Edgar price . vince Edgar price ? wha ... wha ... wha ... nelson can you get we a meeting ? vince you and I ? nelson you and I . Edgar price 's new company . game ? 53 int . starbucks 53 vince I will get we that meeting . genuis . they stick with I with that knob , John headley . I be die . 54 int . sara' loft - day 54 Sara enter the loft . nelson gotta go . vince you be a genius , moss ! anyone ever tell you that ?! nelson call I . hanging up , Nelson continue to exercise ... ( continued ) 54 sweet november - 5/9/00 39a . continued : ( Al ) 54 SARA stop what you be do right now ! nelson why ? she reach he , grab the cell phone , swat he like a nanny . SARA because it 's the same boring thing you do every day and you can not do that with I . nelson right. ( point to tv ) what 's wrong with you tv ? it do not work -- SARA of course it do not work , it 's a planter . ( continued ) 4/5/00 40 . 54 continued : 54 nelson right. ( pause ) where be my clothes ? Sara walk away , toward the kitchen . SARA I give they away . nelson you what -- SARA do not worry , I get you this -- she throw a pair of jeans and sweatshirt at he . the insane cat streak past , screeching . Nelson almost trip on it . SARA poor Sasquatch . catnip overdose . nelson ( hold up clothes ) this be not ' helpful , ' Sara . give I my shirt and pants back . SARA clothes be clothes . all they do be cover up a body . nelson yeah , well , it 's just that this body like to be cover in its own clothes . Sara grab Ernie . SARA Ernie , you be gonna stay with I for a while until I find you some decent parent . ( turn back to Nelson ) when do I get to meet you parent ? he stalk toward she , eye burn . nelson my parent be dead . Sara set Ernie on the floor . ( continued ) 54 4/5/00 continued : 41 . ( 2 ) 54 SARA I be sorry . nelson Sara , I be not amused . I want my clothes back . now . SARA I tell you , I give they away . I will never lie to you . too defeat to fight , Nelson throw on the jeans and sweatshirt . the jeans be about four inch too short . as he be get dress , chas ( 30 ) shamble through the door , look exhaust . chas I sleep three hour last night . try valerian root , melatonin ... ( point to sweatshirt on Nelson ) hey , that look like my sweatshirt . chas go straight to the coffeemaker , pour a cup , kiss Sara . chas you know what finally put I to sleep ? Jimmy cagney . Public enemy . violence as a tranquilizer , how twisted be that ? Nelson stagger forward , too daze to speak . chas hello , you must be November . nelson I must be November . SARA his name be Nelson . chas ( extend hand ) I be chas . keep the sweatshirt . it look better on you . nelson be this some communal , culty , squeaky and Charlie type of deal ? ( continued ) 54 55 56 sweet november - Rev. 4/28/00 42 . continued : ( 3 ) 54 chas ( laugh ) funny . much hipper than October . what a wanker . ( check he watch ) gotta go . see you around , Nelson . and just as quickly as he enter , he exit . as the door shut behind he , Nelson glare at Sara . nelson I think I will pull myself out of monthly rotation while I be ahead . int . loft build - staircase - day 55 Nelson exit the loft , and Sara follow . SARA -- Nelson , I tell you help man be my gift . nelson you do not tell I it be a cottage industry . and who the hell be that , you pimp ? SARA chas life upstairs . we look after each other . nelson it do not seem like he need look after . SARA everyone need look after , Nelson . ext . sara' build - day 56 on the street , they pass two old - guard bay area hippie in they 60 -- husband and wife al and osiris . they be unlock the door to they bookstore , Christopher 's book , with picture of ginsberg and ferlinghetti in the window . SARA hey , guy , this be Nelson . but Nelson 's off , without say a word to they . Sara barrel after he . ( continued ) sweet november - Rev. 4/28/00 pm 43 . 56 continued : 56 SARA that be so rude ! Al and osiris be great ! they be close personal friend of Jack kerouac !-- nelson I do not care . I do not read . diagonally across the street , a vegetable market . the vendor , a chinese woman , wag she finger and shout at picture of she family propped up on she Buddhist altar . Sara give she a wave and continue with Nelson a few step , where they encounter abner ( 10 ) . he wear a red balaclava , practice balance on one leg . see Sara , abner stop balance and avidly follow she as if she be the pied piper . nearby , a homeless man rummages through the garbage , incongruously dress in the chicest gear imaginable . homeless man Sara , can you spare fifteen buck ? SARA okay , now you be just be greedy , Bruce . I already give you that clothes . Nelson put a brake on , gasp . nelson Jesus -- that be my prada pants !-- my sweater -- petrify , Bruce take off run . SARA do not it feel good to give ? nelson no ! Nelson call after the homeless man . nelson hey , hey . give I back my pants . abner be you November ? nelson where be I ? ( continued ) 56 4/5/00 continued : attitude . 44 , ( 2 ) 56 SARA Nelson , this be a great kid , you have get to meet he . abner . he want to set a world record . what 's today 's project , abner ? abner stand on one leg. ( hand Nelson watch ) would you time I , I have to break the current record of 300 hour . nelson no. abner do a head - to - toe on Nelson , do not like the abner Nice pants -- expect a flood ? nelson Nice hat -- plan a bank robbery ? bore with Nelson , abner peel off in the other direction . SARA that 's pathetic -- you let a ten-year - old wind you up ? nelson forget he , what 's the deal with you ? you sleep with half the city , get the whole neighborhood involved ? SARA would you prefer I be a virgin ? nelson consider the alternative , yes . SARA that tender tender male ego be bruise , be not it ? ( sweetly , tenderly ) I be yours , Nelson moss . all yours . that send alarm ringing in he confirm bachelor 's brain . ( continued ) 56 4/5/00 45 . continued : ( 3 ) 56 nelson look , Sara , you be great . you be a very sexy , smart , interesting , somewhat unusual woman ... she just look at he so guilelessly , he fumble . nelson but we ah ... do not know where this be ... I always think it 's best to clarify issue ... the beginning of ... I be not ready for ... I can not be you man-man ... she start to laugh so hard tear roll down she cheek . SARA you be the most egotistical lunkhead I have ever meet ! ( settles down ) it 's one month , Nelson . get it ? now he 's insulted . and amaze . he 's never be treat this way before . to save face , he act tough . nelson the truth be , I do not have a month . time be money ... SARA okay . how long can you put you big fat lucrative career on hold to try this thing out ? wait a minute -- you be unemployed -- nelson ( stung ) you know , the more I think about it , this ' project ' of yours feel like a excuse to get laid . that hurt . she flush , look away . he feel bad , do not expect she to react this way . nelson I be sorry , I do not think you would ... ( gentler ) I just do not understand why you be do this , be all . SARA I have my reason . ( continued ) 56 57 58 4/5/00 46 . continued : ( 4 ) 56 she start to walk . he come abreast of she , chasten . nelson still friend ? and like a brilliant emotional acrobat , she flip she mood back to lighthearted , do with consummate grace . SARA only if you give I what I want . nelson what ? SARA time . nelson all I can do be a day . ext . pacific height society build - day 57 Sara 's barking mad Dog Day Care van be park outside a ritzy building . int . society lady house - day 58 Nelson stand stiffly behind Sara , who gesture expansively toward a rail - thin Nancy kissinger - style society matron . SARA -- Nelson 's help I today . he love dog . sitting on the sofa , floor , chair , pose like perfect little stuff animal , be Society Lady 's six beloved dog . immaculately groom , head daintily cocked , front paw fold over each other -- they be glaring coldly at Nelson . Sara pat they head as she clip leash on they . SARA and this be the best behave doggy in the whole wide world , be not they ? so elegant , so dignify . just like they mommy . society lady ( matron ) ( with supreme false modesty ) I like to think so . 59 4/5/00 47 . ext . park - day 59 extremely put out , Nelson walk beside Sara -- each hold three dog on leash as they head up a path . the dog do not pull or tug , prance with military precision . nelson always a thrill to explore new career possibility . how much do you charge for this ? SARA I do not do it for the money . ( shout to dog ) okay , guy , ready to be bad ? all six tail begin to wag in furious unison . incredulous , Nelson watch Sara unclip all the dog from leash and swat they on the rump . SARA raise some hell , fella , and do not tell mommy ! suddenly , nothing short of pure canine bedlam be unleash . the six prissy dog go insane -- race up the green , yipping and howling , fight with each other , roll in the dirt , scramble through mud puddle , barking at baby . overjoyed , Sara run with the pack , clap she hand and shouting . SARA bad dog ! bad dog ! I be so proud of you ! Nelson roll he eye , check he watch . lurch back when a wet , muddy pooch shake all over he . nelson get away from I ! another dog barrel up to Nelson . desperate for a pet , the dog leap up , lick and slobber all over Nelson 's hand . disgust , Nelson yank he hand away . Sara shout from farther away . SARA be nice to Winston -- he 's insecure -- need a lot of affection . nelson I do not give affection to a hairy , dirty thing . ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 4/5/00 48 . continued : 59 suddenly , Nelson be scream . Winston have wrap himself around Nelson 's leg and be feverishly humping away . nelson get he off I ! I be go to kill he ! SARA Winston ! that 's enough ! come here , boy ! Winston come run to she , throw himself on the ground and let she rub he back . Sara look up to see Nelson storming off the green . ext . van - in park - day 60 the van be park near a hose . Nelson sit glumly in driver 's seat . outside , Sara hose off all the filthy dog . int . van - day 61 Nelson check he watch again . peer at Sara in the side mirror . nelson be Pov - side mirror she be radiant , clearly get so much genuine joy from what she 's do , she could not look more beautiful . nelson in van : stare , move in spite of himself . feel like a jerk for be so uptight . she come to the window , breathless . SARA look at they -- be not they incredible ? the dog be soaking wet , shiver , wait patiently for Sara to tell they what to do next . int . van - later 62 try to be a good sport , Nelson awkwardly help Sara to dry the dog with hair drier . Winston start to make a move toward Nelson . ( continued ) 62 63 4/5/00 49 , continued : 62 nelson Winston . stay away . you be not my type . Sara smile to herself , thrilled to see he 's manage to bend , just this little bit . ext . park - ice cream stand - dusk / sunset 63 Sara be lick a ice cream cone , count money as she wait for Nelson to make up he mind about he order . her van be park nearby . SARA thirty buck , not bad for a few hour work . Nelson 's tempt to say something glib , but bite he tongue . however , he can not help but register a look of pity mix with horror at how pathetic the earning be . nelson I will go for the lemon sorbet . she almost choke -- the look on she face be not unlike the one he just make -- pure pity and horror . SARA tell I something . when be the last time you spend the whole day outdoors ? nelson I think ... when my parent drag I to alcatraz for the day , at the age of nine . he get he sorbet and they start walk up the street together . nelson now you tell I something . SARA anything . nelson what 's so enlighten about what we do today ? ( more ) ( continued ) 63 4/5/00 50 . continued : 63 nelson ( cont 'd ) ( as she peer at he , confuse ) why be let some dog go wild a better way to live than my way ? grant , it be mildly amusing , but I gotta tell you , my third eye do not open . SARA this thing take time . you do not have time . nelson no , seriously , it 's a question of value . why be do something fundamentally trivial better than live a responsible life , boring as that might seem to you ? she be silent , he press on . his tone be gentle , slightly teasing , but there 's real truth to what he say . nelson and who make you the expert , the doctor , the guru ? why do you have all the answer ? still , she be silent . he tease she . nelson come on , show I you resume . just then , they pass a three - sided bus stop with a big ad for " divine pet . net -- America 's favorite pet store . " Sara point . SARA I use to own that company , Divine pet . Nelson crack up , she timing as usual be brilliant . nelson uh-huh . SARA I do . but after a while it be not fun anymore . so I quit . nelson be that before or after you tour as a stand - up comedienne ? SARA oh , I never do that . 64 4/5/00 51 . int . sara' loft - night 64 Nelson stand there somewhat bemuse as Sara come forward with a scarf , smile . SARA this will be good for you ... she start to blindfold he with the scarf . SARA ... sharpen you instinct . he laugh , oh goody a sex game , try to grab she . SARA not that instinct . okay , this be the object -- ( as he grab she again ) stop it -- I run around so you lose track of where I be . ( as he 's push the scarf down ) do not do that , leave it on -- count to ten and try to find I . she secure the blindfold and race off . he pause for a moment , then : nelson one two three -- I be gonna get you ! four five six -- I know where you be ! Seven eight nine ten . ( pause ) this be really stupid . he start to walk , bump into a chair , take a few step more , bump into a table , a few step more and he trip over a stool and crash on the floor . nelson ow , shit ! she run over to he , laugh . SARA oh my God , you be really bad , you do not even get close . nelson ( try to rip off scarf ) this be funny ? ( continued ) 64 4/5/00 52 . continued : 64 she help he remove the scarf , still laugh . once again , he flight mechanism kick in and he want out . he take a deep breath , have to say something . nelson Sara , you be not gonna be upset when I leave tonight ...? I tell you , one day . SARA yep . you tell I . and you be a man of you word . nelson do not get I wrong , I appreciate what you be try to do -- crazy as it may seem to I . SARA that 's I . just ... crazy . ( sweetly ) what be you more afraid of ? spend two consecutive night with a woman ? or discover this whole thing might not be as crazy as you think ? he be flummox for a moment . nelson hard to say . I have definitely never meet a woman like you , though . SARA good . he covertly check the time . nelson so , maybe I should just hit the road . SARA stay for dinner . I have you favorite . nelson you do not know my favorite . SARA yes , I do . ( continued ) 64 65 4/5/00 53 . continued : ( 2 ) 64 nelson oh , yeah ? SARA lean steak , no fat ? her sweetness and sincerity get through , even to he . SARA go on , stay for dinner , then you be free to go . no string attach . ext . sara' loft - deck - night 65 Nelson and Sara have dinner on a plant - cover deck , light by string of cheap light . Ernie be begging at Nelson 's foot . SARA Mitch be my October . he be the shyest man I ever meet . we focus on confidence building . nelson be the patient cure ? SARA my treatment be a little too effective . we have to terminate the month early . nelson what about September ? SARA there be no September . Nelson feign disbelief . SARA I be not a weirdo about it . nelson August ? SARA Paul be so sad . nelson now he 's happy ? ( continued ) 65 sweet november - Rev. 5/4/00 54 . continued : 65 SARA now he 's gay . nelson happy gay or gay gay ? SARA Gay gay but very happy about it . Nelson have to ask : nelson and you and all this guy ... Nelson gesture suggestively . SARA do it really matter ? she flash the most beguile smile . nelson I suppose attraction have nothing to do with it . the smile just become more beguile , meaning : of course . nelson why a month ? SARA Long enough to be meaningful . short enough to stay out of trouble . nelson you defy every law of nature I know . SARA good . the sound of a man laughing drift over from another porch . SARA listen ... do you hear that ? what a wonderful laugh . ( continued ) 65 sweet november - Rev. 5/4/00 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 she cock she ear , listen to the man laughing . then they hear a baby crying ... a basketball game down the street , a drunk woman singing like a alley cat . a symphony of sound : life be live around they . SARA do not life just ... take you breath away ? once again , he find himself so move by she , he be wordless . there be a long silence between they . SARA what 's you secret dream , Nelson ? nelson I be not much on that kind of thing . SARA come on , everyone 's get one . he listen to the sound , and take a leap -- let himself open up for a moment . nelson my father sell door-to-door . vacuum cleaner , life insurance , for a while he sell plastic food . we be kind of the joke of the neighborhood . and believe I , the neighborhood be a pretty grim joke itself . SARA where do you live ? nelson Daly City , just up the freeway ... ( pause ) anyway , after dinner every night , my dad would shut himself in the tv room and listen to 45s . Frank Sinatra , tony bennett . for a year or so , I desperately want to be a singer . SARA you think it would make he happy ? ( continued ) 65 sweet november - Rev. 5/4/00 55a . continued : ( 2a ) 65 nelson no . I think that guy be everything he be not . successful , proud , in control ... he stop himself -- feel too expose , shocked that such a sincerely - feel statement actually come from he lip . she feel he discomfort , reach over and take he hand . ( continued ) 65 66 4/5/00 56 . continued : ( 3 ) 65 SARA I would like to hear you sing sometime . nelson that will never happen . ( want to go ; pull back chair ) well , time to ... SARA I would like you to do something else for I , before you leave tonight . nelson what ? SARA do the dish . I hate do dish . int . sara' loft - night 66 Nelson be wash the dish . Sara sit on the floor , let Ernie teethe by nip she hand the way puppy love to do . SARA so , what will you do when you go home ? nelson I do not know , I do not really map out my evening ... SARA I know . you will turn on the tv . get bored . turn on you computer . check out you work . get bored . surf the net . get bored . ( softly ) and think of I . she stand up and leave the kitchen . he seem tear , debate with himself as he finish the dish . turn to see Sara remove the last bit of she clothes before slip into bed . SARA I be make this as difficult as I possibly can . Nelson stare , he determination quickly wane . 67 68 69 4/5/00 57 . int . sara' loft - night ( later ) 67 raining . Nelson lie awake , study Sara as rainy reflection of streetlight roll over she . rising , he quietly dress . int . nelson's apartment - live area - night 68 raining . Nelson in he empty , sterile apartment , watch - ing tv. bore , he flip from channel to channel . turn it off . go to he computer , look at some work in progress on it . get bored . same scene - later Nelson surfing the net . bore , he start to disconnect when he think of something . he type in : " divine pet.net . " his face slowly register shock as the site come up and he read . close on monitor web site : next to a picture of Sara and a blonde woman , who bear a strike resemblance to she -- the word : '' SARA and claire deever , co-founders . " the company be base out of Indianapolis , Indiana . same scene - later Nelson be type something on he computer . close on typing he have already write : " watch tv . work . surf the net . get bore . " and now he 's type -- " think of I . " int . sara' loft - dawn 69 bath in sunlight , Sara sleep under a pile of blanket . Nelson tiptoe into the loft , carry a travel bag . as he approach the bed , ernie growls dementedly , ready to pounce . Nelson point a finger , be amaze when ernie stop growling , thump he tail on floor , awaken Sara . overjoyed to see Nelson , Sara beckon he . Nelson slide into bed , kiss she . nelson try to be wrong once in a while . it would be good for my ego . 70 71 4/5/00 58 . int . sara' bathroom - day 70 Nelson , wear floral boxer , examine Sara 's bathroom , frown at the cast-iron tub . she be wash she face . nelson do not you have a shower ? I hate sit in dirty water . she lift she head from the sink , water drip , and laugh . int . sara' bathroom - later 71 the two of they be sit in a steaming tub , she be wash he back . SARA see ? that 's not so bad , be it ? ( point ) can you grab some more soap ? reaching up to get the soap , he try a cupboard door , surprised to find it lock . nelson what do you keep in there ? secret , nasty toy ? she raise a eyebrow ; mock mysterious face . he find the soap on a counter , hand it to she . nelson I look up you web site last night . you sister 's pretty , look a lot like you . SARA it be not my web site . not my anything , anymore . nelson why would you quit ? SARA it start out small . and it get big . nelson that 's generally consider a good thing in business . ( continued ) 71 4/5/00 continued : she sigh 59 . 71 SARA everything get big . desire . pressure . live . ego . I do not like the big I . nota good person . not happy . and the amazing part be , I get out before it get really big , can you imagine . nelson no , I can not imagine you with million and million of dollar !-- with relief , then beam happily as chas saunter into the bathroom with he morning cup of coffee . Nelson be water . chas do you switch bean or something ? it taste different . SARA hazelnut . you do not like it ? chas too perfumy . stick to classic -- so outrage by this intrusion he slap the nelson Excuse I . privacy ? Heard of it ? chas hi , Nelson . Nice pecs , you must work out . I , I do not have time . ( pause ) and you look absolutely adorable . ( as she give hima look , he stop ) do not forget dinner 's at eight , on the dressy side . he turn and walk out the door . nelson do not that guy know how to make he own coffee ? ( off she stern look ) I mean , what if he would walk in just as I be ... ( reach underwater ) do this ? ( continued ) 71 72 sweet november - Rev. 5/8/00 60 . continued : ( 2 ) 71 she slap the water with she hand . SARA stop it ! we have important thing to do today ... int . MUNI train - day 72 Nelson and Sara stand in a rail car crowded with commuter . as the car jostle and body bump up against he , Nelson squirm with discomfort . nelson I still do not see why we could not take a cab ? SARA because I make the rule , Nelson . rule you must submit to , utterly and completely . nelson you know , if you want to be a dominatrix that badly , why do not we just go buy you the leather and get it over with . SARA kinky . maybe even strangely arouse . but if we take a cab , we would miss out on all this . nelson exactly . Sara study Nelson , stiff and impenetrable once again . SARA you know what this train be , Nelson ? nelson you mean besides a buffet of bad breath and body odor ? SARA it 's 55 life . all happen at once , in the exact same place , at the exact same time . imagine how much hope and lust and fear and love be in this car , right now , at this very moment . look around . ( continued ) 72 sweet november - Rev. 5/8/00 61 . continued : 72 nelson I try not to . SARA I dare you . look at someone , anyone . that woman by the door . a woman in she early 40s stand near one of the door , she head lean against the window as she stare out at the pass city with a distant , detach expression . SARA what do you see ? nelson female , 32 - 45 , primary household decision maker . watch 2.5 hour of television a day , spend 27 minute at the grocery store , value price over brand . ignoring he , Sara gaze at the woman with empathy and wonder . SARA I think she 's a mother . I think she love she family so much it hurt . I think she would throw herself in front of this train for they if she have to . and I think when she get into bed at night , she make love to she husband like he be the king of Egypt . as Sara enjoy the fruit of she imagination , Nelson reconsider the woman , this time seriously . nelson I think she 's get a dead - end job , a husband she can not remember why she marry , and a kid who do not understand any of it . Nelson 's grim assessment roll over Sara like a cloud , darken she entire disposition . SARA maybe . maybe it 's worse . maybe nothing about life even make sense to she anymore . maybe some day she wish she could just quit pretend and end the whole goddamn thing . ( continued ) 72 73 sweet november - Rev. 5/8/00 62 . continued : ( 2 ) 72 Nelson stare , silence by Sara 's sudden bleakness . SARA you want to go to the dark side , Nelson ? I can get there faster than you can . believe I . look away , Sara take a deep breath and then smile again , as irrepressible as she be just moment before . SARA but what for ? we see the world we choose to see . and I think my first choice be a helluva lot more fun , do not you ? as the train jostle and jerk , Nelson and Sara search each other 's eye . ext . san francisco dock - day 73 hurrying down the pier , Sara wave when she spot abner wait patiently , hold a paper bag . SARA there you be ! abner approach , remove he balaclava . he 's a cute kid , just shy and awkward . Nelson want to make up for yesterday . nelson hey , abner , you have get a face and it 's a good one , too ! abner giggle , as Nelson 's phone ring . SARA cell phone be outlaw in my world . nelson what can I say ? the revolution have begin . she do not like this . Nelson answer the phone . vince ( v.o. ) call I genius , I do not mind . nelson what up , Vince ? 73a at74 through d74 74 sweet november - Rev. 6/1/00 ext . financial district - day 63. 73a Vince gesticulates as he stride down a crowded sidewalk . vince Friday , November 17 . you , I and Edgar price . ( shout ) pucker you lip , we get the meeting ! omitted ext . san francisco dock - day Nelson step away , sit on a nearby pile as Sara and abner head toward the cluster of kid . nelson you be genius , Vince . vince ( v.o. ) about time you say so ... hey , hear about angelica . sorry , man , but truthfully ? as much as I love she , I know she be not for you . nelson do you ? funny you tell I now . vince ( v.o. ) yeah , well , you know ... discretion , valor ... do I smell a new female friend ? at74 through d74 74 Nelson watch the other kid coldly survey abner , as if he 's too soft for this event . the tough kid be show off they remote - control sail boat : most of they be simple , macho , tough -- they look like mad Max boat . nelson what make you say that ? vince ( v.o. ) when my man skip he usual morning check - in call , I know there 's estrogen in the air . ( pause ) c'mon , c'mon , c'mon . do not insult I . I have a life . who be she ? ( continued ) 74 74a sweet november - Rev. 6/1/00 64 . continued : 74 nelson you would not know she . vince ( v.o. ) but would I like she ? on a scale of nine to ten , be she -- abner with kide pull he boat out of a bag and the kid start to laugh . abner 's be a hand - make sailboat , full of whimsy and invention , a eccentric work of art . kid # 1 oh that 's really cool , not . kid # 2 what be it ? pokeman 's dinghy ? the kid have gather in a circle around abner , they be intimidating , threaten . become concerned , Sara turn to Nelson , wave he over . nelson on phone nelson listen , I gotta run , great news on the Edgar thing -- vince ( v.o. ) wait , wait -- quick thumbnail -- I need a gossip fix here -- nelson see you on the 17th . near launch area 74a he hang up and join Sara and abner as one of the big brother organizer try to break the circle up . big brother organizer come on , all boat in the water ? kid # 1 except for this kid 's . the kid leer contemptuously as abner nervously step forward and lower he sailboat into the water . ( continued ) 74 a 74b 74c 74d sweet november - Rev. 6/5/00 65 . continued : 740 kid # 2 that 's not a kid , that 's a girl . abner ( turn to Nelson ) maybe I will just forget about it . nelson no , ignore they , abner . kid # 1 ( disdainfully ) abner ? the kid huddle together , check abner out , hiss he name . kide abner . the organizer come forward , shaking he head tell the tough kid to stop . as he raise he arm hold a starter pistol , Nelson spot a techie nerd pack up a model submarine on a nearby bench . nelson hang in there . just wait a minute . ( whisper ) abner be a great name . another angle 74b as the organizer raise the pistol to fire , Nelson bolt over to the techie nerd . nelson wanna make a hundred buck ? on techie nerd 74c covertly slip he remote- control sub into the water . on race 74d the remote- control sailboat glide in the water . suddenly , the lead boat tack off course . the next lead boat tack off course and out of position . kid # 1 hey ! my boat 's all screw up ! ( continued ) 74d 75 sweet november - Rev. 6/5/00 66-66a . continued : 74d kid # 3 what the hell -- as the techie nerd snicker , abner 's boat start sailing in a physically impossible straight line for the finish as the rest of the flotilla have to tack back and forth . wider abner look up at Nelson , who wink back . as he boat pass the other , narrowly beat the last two boat to the finish , abner grin from ear to ear . abner I guess I be win . kid # 1 hold on -- that little creep be cheating ! abner no , I be not . my boat 's just better . abner 's boat nudge the end of the pond ; he calmly announce : abner see ? I guess I win . ext . STREET - dusk 75 Nelson and Sara stand outside abner 's little house , watch he unlock the door . before step in he wave to they . abner can we do that again ? with car , next time , maybe ? Nelson nod , Sara shake she head . abner close the door , smile . the minute he 's go , Sara turn to Nelson . ( continued ) 4/5/00 67 . 75 continued : 75 SARA sometimes a good idea be not a good idea , know what I mean ? they start to cross the street toward she building . nelson that kid be laugh at he . have you ever be laugh at ? ( pause ) okay , cheating be ... bad , I guess . SARA yeah , you be a father figure now . nelson get out of here -- father figure . the kid just meet I . SARA you be a man . when you do not know who you father be , you be not very picky about you role model . she stop , stunne . a circuit City man be stand outside she building with a big box . SARA what 's that ? nelson do not be mad , I get you a little present . a flat screen tv . SARA that 's not a ' little present ' for I , it 's a ' little present 's for you . ( sweetly , but firmly , to circuit City man ) take it back . better yet , you keep it . I never watch tv . she unlock the door and leave Nelson stunne outside . 76 int . stairwell - night 76 carry a bottle of wine , Nelson trudge up the step with Sara , feel very put out . SARA stop pout , we promise chas cherry we would come . ( continued ) 4/5/00 68 . 76 continued : 76 nelson oh we be call everyone by first and last name now ? I do not want to waste my night with chas cherry . I want to get naked with Sara deever . SARA you have a one - track mind , Nelson moss . trust I , you will not be bored . chas cherry 's a great cook . 77 int . chas' loft - night 77 Nelson sit across from chas , who have metamorphose into a extravagantly make - up , gloriously stylish transvestite . SARA that be chas . this be cherry . chas extend a manicure hand , Nelson be try he hardest to go along with it , force himself to be hip , ebullient . nelson great , great , this be very -- you know -- pink flamingoe -- great outfit , and the makeup , wow. ( falter ) wow . brandon ( 0.s. this wine be so martha Stewart -- brandon enter from the kitchen with the uncork bottle of wine . also fully cross , brandon 's get - up be even more flamboyant than chas 's . brandon in other word , perfect . SARA that be brandon . this be brandy . nelson brandy and cherry , great . so. here we be ... surprise ! he laugh uncomfortably , work double - time to be cool . chas and brandon start to tease he , with a light touch . chas do you think he 's uncomfortable ? ( continued ) 77 78 4/5/00 69 . continued : 77 brandon about what ? chas I do not know , maybe he do not like ... ( point to the meal ) Lamb stew . ( to Nelson ) I hope you be not vegetarian , Nelson , I forget to ask . brandon actually , we just presume you be a meat eater . nelson right , right , you presume right . Lamb stew , great . he be die , desperate to get out of there . chas could it be the music ? maybe classical italian opera ... just set you on edge ... brandon you do not have anything against italian , do you ? nelson no , I love Italy ! I love puccini ! I love Michelangelo and -- and -- he look in the other room , see a tv play . nelson I just want to watch a little tv . chas oh , we understand that need , completely . Nelson get up and leave the room in a hurry . Sara , chas and brandon exchange a look . int . loft - tv room - night 78 Nelson sit on sofa , watch a tv ad . ( continued ) 4/5/00 70 . 78 continued : 78 close on tv lycos commercial with man in kilt -- wind raise kilt up -- dog run to castle -- drop off a package . pair of boxer short for the man . chas ( 0.s. ) I always like this spot , but I would have remix it , that two line at the top get swallow . back to scene surprise , Nelson turn around to see chas stand behind he . Sara be next to he , rub she temple . SARA who eat they ? the dog ? chas do not be cruella , Sara . that 's one of Nelson 's ad . he win gold pencil for it . nelson ( surprised ) how do you know that ? Sara exchange a embarrassed look with chas , shrug . SARA I mean to tell you , cherry , I be sorry I mean chas , work in advertising , too . nelson ( smirk , bored ) really ? what firm ? chas Baker , bohane ... Nelson 's smirk disappear . nelson chas ... whatley ? brandon oh look , baby 's famous . Nelson 's jaw drop , he be horrify . ( continued ) 78 4/5/00 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 78 nelson oh my God , you have be that chas ... all this time ? ( it register ) wait a minute , you do not get the Doctor diggety account do you ? chas Nelson , do it really matter ? nelson oh sure , maybe not to cherry -- but I bet it matter to chas . I know it matter to Nelson . just then , the phone ring . Sara pick it up . she be still rub she temple , as if there 's a headache come on . SARA hello ? Nelson point a accusatory finger at Sara . nelson she should have tell I . ( pause ) I mean , this be ... awkward . if I would know who you be ... chas you would have be nicer to I ? thanks . they stop talk when they see how upset Sara be as she say to the person on phone : SARA I say : he 's busy . no I can not talk to you , either . good-bye . she hang up . glare angrily at chas , really rub she temple . SARA ten guess who that be . chas Sara , it 's not what you -- ( continued ) 78 79 4/5/00 72 . continued : ( 3 ) 78 SARA how long have you be do this behind my back ? what do she want ? she see how confuse Nelson be , try to make light as she back out of the room . SARA oh , it do not matter . I be gonna go downstairs . ( to Nelson ) I have a headache . you stay . and she hurry to the front door . Nelson look worried , start to go after she -- chas shoot he a look -- let she go . nelson what be that all about ? chas she get migraine . nelson no , the phone call . who be that ? chas her sister , Claire . Long story . ( see Nelson 's look ) I be not tell it . int . sara' loft - night ( later ) 79 clearly in pain , Sara lock the closet in the bathroom , come out when she hear the door OPEN . as Nelson enter , she flash a smile . SARA hey , sorry I lose it back there . nelson that 's okay . give I a little boost to know you be not perfect . ( gently ) feeling better ? SARA oh yeah . all go . ( continued ) 79 80 sweet november - Rev. 5/11/00 73 . continued : 79 nelson chas tell I it be you sister on the phone . why do that upset you so much ? she shrug and head over to the bed . throw on the charm . SARA remember the part about get naked -- we could do that now . nelson do not dodge I . ( sit down beside she ) talk to I . what happen ? she freeze up . quite simply can not tell he anything . he be really surprised , and a little hurt . nelson that 's not fair . you expect I to be so honest , so forthcoming ... SARA but this be you month , not mine . she see how mad he 's get , lean in and kiss he . SARA never go to bed angry . arouse by the kiss , Nelson prolong it , unzip she dress , slip he hand inside , caress she back . be surprised to feel she stiffen under he hand . he back away , study she . he see what she 's try to hide . nelson you be not feel well be you ? ( as she gesture evasively ) maybe we will get naked tomorrow , tonight we will wear p.j.s . int . sara' loft - bedroom - morning 80 Sara and Nelson sound asleep , arm wrap around each other , both wear pajamas . hear a knock on door , ernie start barking insanely . piss , Nelson lift he head , shouting : ( continued ) 80 sweet november - Rev. 5/11/00 74 . continued : 80 nelson Ernie , shut up . ernie keep barking . then Nelson hear a louder knock . annoy , he roll out of bed and head for the door . open it , Nelson find abner with a old trunk beside he . abner wanna buy some junk ? nelson abner , it 's , uhh ... a little early . abner I think I can break the record for tallest house of card , but I gotta buy 75 deck , so I think maybe I could sell some of my stuff . awake , Sara listen as Nelson wave abner in . nelson yeah , sure ... come on in . on nelson and abner sit on the live room floor as abner pull one colorful , homemade toy after another out of the trunk . compose entirely of find part , the hand puppet , figurine and other toy be wildly original . believe Sara be still asleep , Nelson and abner speak softly : nelson abner , what be this stuff ? abner I make my own toy . it 's cheaper . amaze , Nelson chuckle , but abner take it the wrong way . abner never mind . abner start to put the toy away , but Nelson stop he . ( continued ) sweet november - Rev. 5/11/00 75 . 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 nelson whoa , whoa , wait a second . ( beat ) why do you wanna set a world record ? abner I wanna be good at something . as Nelson study abner , Sara listen intently from the bed . nelson do you have any brother or sister ? abner shake he head . nelson neither do i. abner look up at Nelson with a new sense of connection . nelson it 's lonely sometimes , but you know what ? ( point to he temple ) it make you use you imagination . it make you creative . you be already good at something , abner . this stuff be incredible . watch now , Sara smile , as proud as she be touch . nelson other kid just buy toy at a store . all that take be money . this stuff be ten time cooler . abner , you be a artist . the affirmation sink in , abner smile as he pick up a spider puppet . abner they do not do much though . nelson really ? Nelson put he hand into a wild , red -ey mad man puppet and bring it to life with a silly puppet voice : ( continued ) sweet november - Rev. 5/11/00 75a . 80 continued : ( 3 ) 80 nelson I happen to do a lot , young man . why just last night , I clone myself and then eat I for dinner . abner ( smirk ) I think I be a little old for that . nelson oh right ... of course you be . Nelson now see Sara be awake , and they exchange a grin . nelson in that case , I be sure you be also too old for this ... raaaaaghhh ! Nelson attack with the mad man puppet and abner , he kid instinct kick in , flee . abner aaaahhh ! as Nelson and the mad man chase abner and he spider around the loft , ernie bark furiously . cornere abner , Nelson reach out with the mad man puppet and tap abner 's spider . nelson you be it . the chase reverse . abner raaaaaaghhh ! gain ground on Nelson , abner round a corner and run smack into Sara . SARA no run in this house ! ( scary alien voice ) unless I get to play ! Sara whip abner 's one - eye alien puppet out from behind she back and chase after its creator . SARA ah-hah -hah -hah -hah ! ( continued ) 80 81 82 83 sweet november - Rev. 5/11/00 76 . continued : ( 4 ) 80 fleeing , abner soon find himself pursue by Sara , Nelson and Ernie all at once . jump CUT to : same scene - later as the game evolve , abner and he spider puppet prowling the loft . behind abner , the mad man and the alien silently appear in doorway and above furniture , but when abner spin around , they be go . even Ernie scamper past with abner 's wire dog strapped to he back , but abner miss it . finally , abner outsmart the grown-ups , backtrack and catch they both in the kitchen , look the other way . abner ahhh ! SARA eeewwwwh ! nelson arrrrrrhhh ! Sara and Nelson flee , but someone trip , and as they collapse into a pile , abner jump on top , all three laugh hysterically . omitted 81 & 82 ext . coffee shop - day 83 in very high spirit , the three of they sit at a table outside the coffee shop . abner and Sara share a banana split . abner be horrify to see the waitress bring Nelson a fruit salad . Sara whisper to abner . ( continued ) 83 4/5/00 77 . continued : 83 SARA I know , do not say anything . a porsche pull up to the curb , lexy , a lingerie model in the passenger seat , check out the street . lexy the movie start in ten minute . maybe we should skip it . a man jump out of the car , say : man from car do not worry , babe , you will get you cappucino . see Nelson , the man stop dead in he track . it be Vince . he whistle as he take in the whole scene . vince ooooh . somebody go domestic . just then , abner check he watch , jump up . abner gotta go . Mom 's home for a hour between job ! he run off . Vince edge a little closer to Nelson 's table , check Sara out head to toe . vince okay , okay . wow . well , I guess it all make sense . ' mystery woman unveile 's on ... ( look around ) what street be this ? where be I ? I be lose ! nelson um ... Sara , Vince , Vince , Sara . lexy call out from the car , impatient to leave . lexy Vince , the movie ... vince ( do a weigh of scale ) the movie ... the cappuccino ... the movie ... woman . ( continued ) 83 4/5/00 continued : just then 78 . ( 2 ) 83 SARA God , that be one of the most astute observation about female behavior I have ever hear . be you a psychologist ? vince ( confuse , laugh ) funny . she 's funny . right ? that 's good ... ( point to he car ) meet the lovely lexy -- my man Nelson , he woman Sara . SARA hey , lexy . lexy hi. vince see , they get along . why do not the four of we go out together sometime , you know , do something deprave ? a waitress come out and Vince stop she . vince Quick order . cappuccino . waitress ( harass ) Quick answer . no quick order . and she walk back inside the coffee shop . vince I love this place . I be gonna come here every day . so I guess the movie win . ( wink to Sara ) keep you woman happy , that 's we job . ( head back to car ) do not forget , my man . the 20th . you , I , and God . ( reach he door ) Sara -- a pleasure , and a honor . he get in the car , revs the engine and off they go . Nelson be embarrassed , start do a tap dance . ( continued ) 83 4/5/00 continued : 79 . ( 3 ) 83 nelson he 's actually a good guy . deep down . somewhere . SARA he seem okay . nelson I just mean ... the glibness ... kind of wear you out after a while . SARA do you always talk about you friend that way ? nelson no . fortunately , I do not have any friend besides Vince ) ( vaise he hand ) okay , I should be ashamed of myself , I be a lousy human be . SARA ( pause , do not indulge he ) so what be it ? some kind of boy 's club , work friendship ? nelson I guess so . I do not examine certain detail of my life too closely . SARA do you trust he ? be not that what friend be for ? Nelson shrug , then nod , then shake he head , then nod and shrug again . she crack up . he 's unaware he 's do it . SARA would you trust he to be there for you ... nelson when ? SARA in a scary situation , let 's say . ( continued ) 4/5/00 80 . 83 continued : ( 4 ) 83 nelson you may have notice -- I do not put myself in that situation . SARA ( the sweetest smile ) do you trust I ? aware of what he 's do now , Nelson shrug , shake he head , nod . she hit he with a look . SARA show I the house where you grow up . 84 ext . house ( old neighborhood ) - dusk 84 a decaye work - class neighborhood ; " for sale " sign dot the front yard . Nelson 's neglect old house have a '' for sale " sign in front . he balk , feign indifference . 85 int . house - dusk 85 she open the front door , extend she hand to Nelson who 's like a spook horse out on the porch . SARA it 's just a house , Nelson . he take a deep breath , still balk , then give in . holding Sara 's hand , he enter and slowly wander through the empty live room ... memory , image , and sound wash over he . he be silent for a long time , then : nelson you remember blue and it turn out to be green . maybe it turn out we be ... happy once in a while . there be a set of double door half open , lead to a room beyond . together they open the double door and step inside . 86 int . old tv room - dusk 86 humming a Frank Sinatra , she guide he to the center of the room and begin to slow dance with he ; after a while , he whisper in she ear . ( continued ) 86 87 88 89 90 91 sweet november - Rev. 4/28/00 pm 81 . continued : 86 nelson Sara , I may not know a lot of thing ... ( gently ) .-. but I do know how to slow dance . and you be terrible . now , watch I , I will teach you . as he teach she how to slow dance , see the look of pure gratitude on he face -- this be a big moment for he . he be crossing a irreversible line . series of shot to show the passage of time . int . loft bathroom - day 87 Nelson lie in the bathtub , shake he head . Sara be painting he toenail . he do not like the color . ext . vegetable stand - day 88 the two of they buy vegetable ; the chinese woman hold up picture of she family to Nelson , enjoy he reaction . int . loft - night 89 blindfolded , a naked Nelson grope he way around the loft , try to find Sara who be stripping and toss she clothes at he , laugh . ext . STREET - day 90 the two of they take another walk ; camera move off of Nelson to reveal ... he be walk Ernie , the puppy , on a leash . int . sara' loft - day 91 as Sara cut she hair with a flowbee , Nelson dress in business attire . Three week of November be cross off the large wall calendar . it be November 20th . ( continued ) 91 4/5/00 82 . continued : 91 nelson every woman I know spend 200 dollar on a haircut . you use a vacuum cleaner . SARA quit try to change the subject . visibly upset , Sara shut off the self -grooming machine . SARA you make a commitment . we time be not over . nelson it 's one meeting . SARA why be go to some pow - wow with that slicko Vince such a big deal ? nelson because it 's probably the chance of a lifetime , that 's why . SARA well , if it 's a whole lifetime , just postpone it for one more week . nelson Sara , when Edgar price say he will meet you , you do not say , ' wait , how about next month ? ' you say , ' thank you . I will be there . ' he 's one of the great . where 's my phone ? SARA I hate it . I throw it out . off Nelson 's look , Sara produce he cell phone and slam it down on the table in front of he . SARA what if the great one hire you to start tomorrow ? nelson I should be so unlucky . my gizmo . Sara dig he memo recorder out of a hide place . ( continued ) 91 92 4/5/00 83 . continued : ( 2 ) 91 SARA that would ruin everything -- we have not finish ! you have not sung for I yet . you promise you would . Nelson pour a huge coffee . nelson that 's a promise I know I do not make , because that 's a promise I would never keep . Nelson chug the coffee and set out to leave , so distract he forget to say goodbye to Sara . as Sara watch the door shut behind he , she begin to look frighten . SARA ( to close door ) Nelson , please do not go . int . power restaurant - day 92 a innocent-look waitress deliver lunch to Nelson , Vince and edgar price ( 60 ) . Nelson be essentially take command of the meeting , show the same cool professionalism he exhibit when he deliver he presentation . as he talk , Edgar price study he carefully . nelson we know a lot of guy who do this for the award , Mr. price , but that 's not we . Vince thoughtfully nod he head , then flash a wick smile . vince that do not mean we do not get the award . nelson but still ... we be not about acclaim , hand -hold , dinner , send prostitute to the client ... price prostitute ? that 's new . sense that price be a hound dog , Vince cozy up . ( continued ) sweet november - Rev. 5/4/00 84. 92 continued : 92 vince you have be retire for a long time . we get storey for you . price 's eye light up , he laugh . Vince seem worried that Nelson be come off as a stick in the mud . nelson we be about the work . if the work be great , it speak for itself . Vince nervously start to fill the silence , when price speak . price that 's all I need to know . ( smile , they be in ) that , and -- marry ? any kid ? vince we have avoid the family thing for some time . all we life . price good . because if you be worried about ' quality of life ' or paternity leave or any other new age crap , much as I like you , we can stop right now . I need to be you full - time commitment . Nelson debate a moment , not sure he like the tone , but he play along , play politic . nelson I can do that . vince if only it be so easy with woman . 93 ext . chinese tea shop - day 93 chas and Sara walk toward the chinese tea shop . chas he will come back , even if he get the job . ( continued ) sweet november - Rev. 5/3/00 85 . 93 continued : 93 SARA I be not worried about it . ( totally worried ) you really think so ? chas my God , I have never see you like this . SARA it 's just that ... we still have ten day to go ... and he be do so well . chas what 's ten day when you will boot he out in the end ? SARA ten day be a lifetime , chas . ( pause ) I should have lock he in . I should have tie he to the bed . chas would not have stop he . I know guy like Nelson . when push come to shove , he 's only gonna do what he want to . SARA that 's one of my favorite thing about he . it 's also what scare I . it 's so amazing , chas . he be change , right before my eye . chas happens to the best of we . 4/5/00 86 . 94 int . power restaurant - day 94 now Vince be do a little song and dance for price . vince just so you know , I have get a couple client in my hip pocket , some great lead for new account . so we come -- fully load . price you be not sell I a car , Holland , and frankly I be not overly impressed with you anyway . ( to Nelson ) but you reputation precede you , and if I have to take he to get you , I will . this be my offer . it 's good as long as we be at this table . clear they plate , the waitress spill a drink . it soak the napkin price be write on and pour into he lap . waitress I be sorry . I be so sorry . price you know ... we be what we do in this world , sweetie , and you be a waitress . all that require be that you bring the food and drink to and from the table without make a mess . that 's it . so when you screw up something so incredibly simple as that ... well that just do not say a whole helluva lot about you , do it ? stun , the waitress carry the dish to a nearby wait-station where she break down and cry . vince woman like that I give dumb a bad name . on nelson as he watch the waitress cry , then turn to appraise price , who do not skip a beat as he grab a new napkin . ( continued ) 94 95 sweet november - Rev. 5/4/00 87 . continued : 94 price they should fire she . ( pause ) I always say -- a bad hire strengthen the competition 's hand . a good general feed off he enemy . nelson actually , Sun tzu say the last line , in the Art of War . vince do he ? interesting . price start to rewrite the offer . suddenly he stand as if to leave , he 's pull a tactical maneuver to make they nervous . price that 's right . smart man , Nelson . price write the offer on the napkin . Vince pick it up , read it , jaw drop . price grin -- love he own sense of drama -- extend he hand to Nelson . but Nelson do nothing . and Vince start to freak . vince nel ? be you there ...? nelson not interested . price you do not like my offer ? nelson Mr. price ... my father be a poor man ... embarrassed by he own life . I swore I would never end up like he . I think money and success would be the difference . but you be rich and successful , and I do not wanna ever end up like you either . it 's not the offer I do not like ... it 's you . omitted 95 96 sweet november - Rev. 5/4/00 88 . int . power restaurant - day 96 Vince and Nelson face each other , both aware of price on he cell phone only a few yard away . Vince be very nervous . vince Act normal , he 's watch we . price return , casually drop the napkin with the offer on the table . Vince pick it up , read it , jaw drop . price grin -- love he own sense of drama -- extend he hand to Nelson . but Nelson do nothing . and Vince start to freak . vince nel ? be you there ...? nelson not interested . price you do not like my offer ? nelson Mr. price ... my father be a poor man ... embarrassed by he own life . I swore I would never end up like he . I think money and success would be the difference . but you be rich and successful , and I do not wanna ever end up like you either . it 's not the offer I do not like ... it 's you . 97 98 sweet november - Rev. 5/3/00 89 . ext . power restaurant - day 97 Nelson loosen he tie as he exit . Vince fly out . vince okay , what the hell be that ? you just shit in God 's face , do you realize that ?! nelson if that 's you God , you be in big trouble . the guy 's not for I -- vince not for you ? Edgar price be you goddamn soul daddy !-- you be practically clone from he d.n.a . -- nelson no . I be nothing like that man . if I be : shoot I . vince where 's the gun ?! shoot I ! this be my career , too , you know ! ( pause ) it 's that new girl be not it ? she 's get you ball in a jar . this be why domestic be dangerous , Nelson , this be why we stay wild -- Nelson wave he arm as a cab pass . the cab stop . he open the door , feel bad for Vince . nelson I be sorry I cost you the job , Vince . vince no , no , I do not need pity . not from the man who dive - bomb he career twice in one month . Nelson get into the cab . nelson no . I guess you do not . and the cab take off . ext . STREET - day 98 Sara walk down the street , wrap she scarf tighter , shaking . she rub she temple , not feel well . keeps walk . ( continued ) 98 sweet november - Rev. 5/3/00 90 . continued : 98 nelson ( 0.s. ) have you ever hear of a aeride odoratum ? she look over . Nelson be in a taxi , stuff to the gill with flower . he hold up a exotic purple orchid . nelson it remind I of you . she take the orchid , walk abreast of the cab as it slowly make its way down the street . SARA you get the job , do not you ? nelson best offer anyone ever make I . he hand she a bouquet of rose . SARA when do you start ? nelson we have a hard time agree on that . ( hand she tulip ) he suggest immediately . ( hand more flower ) I suggest never . he hand she the biggest bunch of flower of the batch . ( continued ) 98 98a 98b 99 sweet november - Rev. 4/28/00 91 . continued : ( 2 ) 98 nelson he be the biggest prick I ever meet , Sara . she have reach the front of she building . howl with delight , drop the flower in she arm . Nelson leap out of the cab , they kiss , flower all around they . int . sara' loft - night 98a Sara and Nelson be hold each other , asleep in bed . ext . san francisco - night 98b the city sleep . int . sara' loft - day 99 Nelson be brush Ernie , who keep squiggling back to try to bite he . Nelson may tolerate dog now but he 's not St. Francis of assisi -- he fake threaten to whack Ernie with the brush , growl . Sara be poring over a slew of cookbook check out recipe for roast turkey . SARA how do vegan turkey sound ? nelson vile . come on , let 's keep Ernie . SARA nope . he get place , he go . nelson but you love this little monster . he do not notice that as she set a book down , she double back , hold she stomach as if nauseate . SARA there 's another one come soon , I will love he . nelson cold , heartless woman . she smile thinly , the wave of nausea pass and she resume peruse the book . force herself to sound bright . ( continued ) sweet november - Rev. 5/8/00 92 . 99 continued : 99 SARA how do turkey with cajun oyster stuff sound ? nelson order sound better . SARA you can not order Thanksgiving dinner , this be one time in life when it 's good to be trad . nelson in that case , be you invite you family ? SARA no. holiday fight be a little too traditional for my taste if you know what I mean . nelson what do you guy fight about ? SARA money , religion , sex , Sara 's decision , Sara 's ' unconventional lifestyle . ' they think I 'ma freak . nelson you be a freak . SARA ( shrug ) anyway , boring subject . the truth be she feel too shitty to talk , turn she head from he to hide another wave of nausea . nelson I be sure they miss you . SARA I know they do . she slam the book shut to indicate : end of conversation . ( continued ) 99 100 sweet november - Rev. 5/8/00 93 . continued : ( 2 ) 99 nelson you know , there 's a good tradition call make up . try it . SARA some day I will have to . someone knock on the door . become more upset , anxious to be alone , she plead . SARA Nelson , will you walk down with he , please ? nelson sure . come on , boy . as Ernie trot off with he , Nelson open the door , revealing a burly man . burly man the password be ' mentos ... Fresh and full of life . ' nelson what else ? the man force a smile and give the thumb - up sign . Nelson hand he Ernie 's leash and follow they out . the moment the door shut , Sara rush into the bathroom . ext . sara' build - day 100 the burly man exit with Ernie , follow by Nelson . as the man lead Ernie toward he van , Ernie keep peer back at Nelson who meekly wave , genuinely sad . abner ( 0.s. ) why can not she keep one , for a change ? Nelson look down to find abner , wear he balaclava and hold he skateboard . nelson guess she help more this way . the two of they stand there watch the van pull away . abner I have be think about something . ( continued ) 100 4/5/00 94 . continued : 100 nelson you have ? glad to hear it . abner I be think : if you wanna adopt I , you can . Father - Son day' on Monday . it would be good timing . nelson I do not quite know what to say , abner . sense rejection , abner look away . nearby , Al and osiris be change the window display in they bookstore . nelson I tell you what . I can not adopt you , but I will come to Father - Son Day if you want . abner promise ? nelson promise . a ecstatic grin spread across abner 's face . abner wait till my mom hear ! as abner run off , osiris come out to check the window display , wave to Nelson . osiris hey , Nelson , like the new display ? nelson beautiful , osiris . always have a soft spot for che guevara . osiris how 's life ? how 's Sara ? nelson both be ... ( peer up at loft ) great . ( continued ) 100 101 102 sweet november - rev.6/12/00 95 . continued : ( 2 ) 100 he slowly take in all the life on the street -- see the chinese fruit vendor sweeping up she sidewalk , she nod to he . in a thrift store nearby , a twelve - year - old girl practice dance move , peer at herself in a mirror . Nelson absorb it all , feel something he 's never feel before : part of place . true contentment . Love . his eye roam up to the billboard which be be replace a few week ago . a new ad be up . it say : life be choice , make the right one . there be a moment , a transcendent moment . if ever you could see a person have a revelation , it would be right here , right now . he spin on he heel and run inside . int . sara' loft - bathroom - night 101 Sara 's face be wet , and she hand tremble as she force down pill . in raw frustration , she pound she fist on the counter . hear Nelson 's footstep on the stair , she scramble to pull herself together . int . sara' loft - day 102 Nelson enter , shouting . nelson I have a announcement to make ! he stop in the doorway to the bathroom . sitting next to the tub , Sara drink more water . nelson what 's wrong ? be you okay ? SARA yeah , I be fine . Nelson enter the bathroom and gesture toward the lock cabinet . nelson what do you keep in there ? SARA nothing . nelson nothing usually do not require a lock . what 's wrong ? ( continued ) sweet november - rev.6/12/00 96 . 102 continued : 102 SARA I be fine . so , what 's the big announcement ? nelson come on , Sara , talk to I . SARA be I okay ? no , I be not okay . I have a migraine . and I miss Ernie . Sara return to the kitchen and busy herself chopping vegetable . Nelson follow . SARA so , come on , what 's you big announcement ? nelson marry I . SARA technically , should not that be a question ? nelson will you marry I ? SARA be you insane ? nelson yes , I be , and you should be very proud of the work you have do . ( kiss she ) I stand on the street , Sara , and I realize : this be it . life will never be better or sweeter than this . I be happy . I be in love . everything just click for I . SARA that 's incredibly sweet , but you do not understand ... nelson yes , I do . it all make sense : I want you , I want this life . Nelson 's cell phone ring inside one of the kitchen cabinet . Nelson retrieve it and drop it into the water - fill sink . ( continued ) 102 sweet november - rev.6/12/00 97 . continued : ( 2 ) 102 nelson marry I . he pull off he watch and drop it into the sink as well . nelson marry I , Sara . SARA you be forget something . Sara move to the refrigerator to gather more vegetable . nelson what ? SARA we make a deal , remember ? one month . that 's it . nelson do you hear what I say ? I say I be in love with you . I have never say that to anyone , ever . SARA well then this be a really big breakthrough for you -- you can finally say thing that you could never say before . nelson Sara , I know you be not feel well , but I gotta say ... I be hope for a different reaction . SARA we make a arrangement , Nelson . one month and not a day more . that be we deal . nelson screw the deal . I just ask you to spend the rest of you life with I . do not that mean anything to you ? SARA of course it do . Sara try to turn away , but Nelson will not let she . ( continued ) 102 sweet november - rev.6/12/00 98. continued : ( 3 ) 102 nelson you say you would never lie to I . SARA I have not . nelson then look at I and tell I you do not love I . Sara 's eye fill with tear . SARA please do not make I do this right now . she head for the bathroom . nelson do what , tell the truth ? SARA ( stop ) this ! what you want , what you need ... I can not give it to you , Nelson . any of it . ever . nelson why not ? SARA ... because of I . nelson what about you ? for God 's sake , Sara , please just tell I what 's wrong . all I want be the truth . SARA I can not -- rushing into the bathroom , Sara slam the door behind she . nelson Sara ? as he try the door , Nelson hear she become violently ill inside . nelson ( bang on the door ) Sara ? Sara ! Sara ! ( continued ) 102 103 sweet november - rev.6/12/00 99 . continued : ( 4 ) 102 throw he shoulder into the door , Nelson break it open and find Sara , slump over by the tub , with vomit cover the floor beside she . nelson Jesus . int . bathroom - day 103 delirious and cry , Sara fumble to cover the vomit with a towel as Nelson burst in . nelson what the hell be go on ? he see the key in the cabinet door , lunge toward it . SARA no ! you can not do that ! get out ! she try to stand up and stop he from unlock the cabinet , but she 's too weak . yanking open the cabinet , he gape speechlessly at over 90 bottle of prescription medicine . Sara weakly pull herself to she foot . gather a last surge , she angrily rip the shelf from the cabinet , send score of bottle roll around the floor . ( continued ) sweet november - Rev. 4/28/00 pm 100 . 103 continued : SARA there . be that enough truth for you ?! be you happy now ? Sara hurl bottle after bottle at Nelson . he stand there dumbly , let they bounce off he . SARA you just could not leave it alone , could you ?! you just have to know ! she turn to leave -- she body literally collapse and she start to crash to the floor . Nelson grab she , she be limp in he arm . he gently lie she down , panic as she grow increasingly faint . nelson Sara , talk to I ... ( as she do not respond ) please ... just talk to I , tell I what 's wrong , so I can help . she close she eye . he be terrify , shake she . nelson Sara ? Sara ! 104 int . emergency room - dusk a bewilder Nelson sit in a curtain - off area ina busy emergency room , be grill by a doctor . Sara be conk out on a gurney , attach to a iv drip . doctor do you have she medical record ? nelson no. doctor who 's she doctor , so I can track they down ... nelson I do not know who she doctor be . the Doctor look at he , take stock of this shell - shocked man . ( continued ) 104 105 106 sweet november - Rev. 4/28/00 pm 101. continued : 104 doctor do you have any idea what 's wrong with she ? nelson I be sorry , I do not know anything . I call a friend of hers , maybe he ... he peer around helplessly , sigh with relief when he see chas racing into the emergency room look for he . int . hospital hallway - dusk 105 while Nelson stand off by himself , feel exile and helpless , chas confer with a nurse outside Sara 's hospital room . Nelson can see she in a bed , unconscious , hook up to blink machine and a web of iv 's . Nelson slowly come over to chas , tap he on the shoulder . nelson I be sink . fast . chas and the nurse exchange a look . the nurse go in the room to check on Sara 's vital . chas I be sorry you have to find out this way , Nelson . she be diagnose four year ago . it 's a non-hodgkins lymphoma . Nelson be stunne . chas ( shake he head ) come on , let 's get a drink . int . bar - night 106 Nelson and chas share a booth . Nelson have leave he drink untouched , be desperately pump chas for information . nelson wait a minute -- you say -- she stop she treatment -- ( astonished ) a year ago ? how could she -- ( continued ) sweet november - Rev. 4/28/00 102. 106 continued : 106 chas -- you be not listen , Nelson . for Christ 's sake , bone marrow transplant , chemo , experimental treatment ... she stop because they do not work . ( pause ) nothing work . Nelson finally take a gulp of he drink to brace himself . tries to be brave . nelson look , I be no doctor ... but one year uncheck ... chas hold a clear honest gaze on Nelson chas it have spread everywhere . Nelson inhale sharply , like someone kick he in the stomach . he be struggle not to cry and put so much energy into the struggle , he deflect the emotion to anger . nelson God damn it . talk about trust -- talk about honesty -- how could she get involved with I and not tell I she be sick ? chas quietly sit there , let he blow off steam . nelson I mean , what be she think ? chas she be think you would be like all the other . just a month . that stop Nelson . chas continue , he manner gentle , calm . chas you need to understand something , Nelson . rule be how she cope . when life 's out of control , people go to great length to invent the illusion of control . ( softly ) believe I , I know . ( continued ) 106 107 4/5/00 continued : 103 . ( 2 ) 106 nelson the rift with she family ? that 's what it 's about , be not it ? her rule ? ( as chas be silent ) oh come on , chas , I love she too , you be not betray she . chas study Nelson , nod . chas yes . she see what be come , but they would not let go , keep try to run she disease . so she take off . nelson and come here ? chas ( nod ) she tell I since she could not live a normal life , she be gonna live a abnormal one , best way she know how . Nelson hang he head , try to collect himself . suddenly , nelson I do not get it , she love life more than anyone I know , how could she just ... give up ? chas she 's not give up . she 's make the most of what she 's get leave . nelson but ... I be say ... she should fight it , instead of accept ... chas fate ? why ? what 's so bad about acceptance , Nelson ? all the emotion pour through the crack and Nelson just burst into tear and cry like a baby . int . hospital - sara' room - morning 107 Nelson step into she room . she be awake , but drain . the strain between they be so palpable you can touch it . they be like two people spiritually expose for the first time . ( continued ) 4/5/00 104 . 107 continued : 107 nelson hi. feeling any ... SARA ( can read he mind ) you want to know why I do not tell you , do not you ? he sit down on the chair by the bed . nod . SARA this be why . she gesture to the whole set up : the room , she in bed , he stand there look stricken , afraid to move . SARA look at we , look at you . you probably think I will break if you touch I , I will crumble if you say one harsh word . you measure every step , every think ... ( pause ) that 's not how I want you to be . he lean forward , take she hand and kiss it . nelson then I will learn to be better . SARA oh God , Nelson . if anyone could , it 's you . she run she finger through he hair . they be silent a few beat . SARA will you help I do something ? nelson anything . SARA get I out of this hellhole . I do not want to die here . 108 int . hospital - hallway - day 108 Nelson hold Sara tightly , she walk like a child on eggshell , every step hurt she . they pass a nurse . ( continued ) 108 109 110 sweet november - Rev. 4/28/00 pm 105 . continued : 108 nelson she just want to take a stroll down the hall . the nurse nod and do not make a peep . they keep go down the hallway , Sara 's knee buckle and he quickly lift she up , carry she the rest of the way to the elevator . the nurse see they get into the elevator . nurse # 2 wait ! she can not leave the floor ! ext . hospital - day 109 hurrying , Nelson help Sara outside . the light and noise of oncoming car disorient she . he step toward the street , shout : nelson taxi !! hang on , baby . we will get you home . int . sara' loft - day 110 chas and brandon wait . suddenly , the door swing open , and Nelson enter with Sara in he arm . she be moan , in pain . brandon oh , sweetie , let I take she ... Nelson precariously transfer Sara to brandon 's care . brandon bark a order to chas . brandon get the donnetal and codeine . ( to Sara ) we have get a nice hot bath for you , baby . Nelson watch helplessly as brandon lead she into the bathroom , where he and chas remove she clothes . Nelson be so bereft , all he can do be stand outside the bathroom and literally bang he head against the wall . he move to the doorway as they be lowering Sara into the tub . he can not help himself , have to say something . nelson listen , Sara , I know doctor , I can call ... ( continued ) 4/5/00 106 . 110 continued : 110 her eye meet he , she be deeply humiliate , hiss to chas . SARA shut the door , just shut the door ! I do not want he here . tell he to -- go ! Nelson can not move . chas come out , gently push Nelson out , close the bathroom door behind he . nelson I can not stand by and do nothing , just watch she ... ( can hardly say it ) die. chas that 's why she want you to go . wearing a ill-fitting coat and tie , abner push through the front door . chas immediately slip back into the bathroom and close the door so abner can not see . nelson hey , abner . today 's not gonna be a great play day . abner no , it 's gonna be Father - Son Day . do you forget ? nelson oh , God . I be sorry , ab , I can not . abner but you promise . abner look shattered as Nelson struggle to remain poise . nelson right . 111 int . school - classroom - dusk 111 teacher oversee a room of FOURTH - grader and they father . fourth-grader my dad take I fishing , too , and sometimes we go out for pizza and he tell I about girl . ( continued ) 111 112 4/5/00 107 . continued : 111 the father chuckle as the boy sit . glassy -ey , Nelson seem only half there , but he focus when abner stand . abner this be Nelson . he 's not my dad , but he do a lot of dad stuff , like he tell I I should be myself , and it be cool to be creative . and we make up a game call Dr. shrink that be really fun . and he teach I not to cheat . mostly , he 's my friend . as abner sit back down , Nelson smile painfully . ext . STREET - dusk 112 Nelson hold abner 's hand as they walk to abner 's house . across the street , all the light be blaze in Sara 's loft . abner see you tomorrow ? nelson I do not know , ab. I be probably not gonna be around here tomorrow . abner how come ? nelson I gotta do some think , make a tough decision . abner she say you be not respect she choice or something like that ? Nelson look at he , stunne . how do he know that ? abner I dunno , you always see that on tv , woman complain and stuff . nelson ( overwhelming ) I think you be the coolest kid I have ever meet , abner . 113 114 115 116 4/5/00 108. int . taxi - night Nelson slump in back , in a daze . outside , tableaux of the city glide past the window : a couple kissing against a car , a ambulance careen down a street , siren blaring , a blind man gingerly head up a sidewalk , lead by a see - eye dog . int . nelson's apartment - day the penthouse be a mess . the door to the deck be open , and the curtain billow in the cold wind . fully -clothed , Nelson sleep on the couch . ext . san francisco - night Nelson sit on a bench overlook the bay . unshaven and unkempt , he stare out at the water and the night . int . sara' loft - day though not up to full strength , Sara look much better than the last time we see she . she 's pull a tray of muffins from the oven . chas be chopping vegetable ; they be make Thanksgiving dinner . SARA ouch ! shit ! you bastard ! 113 114 116 she have burn she hand , drop the tray and muffins splatter all over the floor . chas immediately rush over , concerned . SARA it 's nothing , just a teeny tiny little ... ouch . her face be red and mottle from try not to cry . SARA really , I be fine , I be really fine , we be go to have fun tonight . fun be a great Thanksgiving ... ( voice wobble ) tradition . chas come here ... she walk over and chas enfold she in a big hug . she be spin , really distraught , afraid of what she 's feel . ( continued ) 116 4/5/00 continued : 109 . 116 SARA he ask I to marry he . chas he 's not the first . SARA it 's the first time I want to say yes . chas do you ? SARA no . I let the whole thing go too far . chas for ... SARA both of we . besides it 's a moot point . he 's go . she lean down to pick up the break muffins strewn all over the floor . chas he will be back . SARA I do not want he to come back . look what I do to the muffins . she 's become unravel , have to keep the subject change . SARA maybe I can salvage a few of this ... chas you know , it 's okay to break you own rule , Sara . SARA where 's the mix ? I will start again -- chas you do not mean to fall in love , but you do ... it 's okay to admit you need he . ( continued ) 116 117 & 118 119 sweet november - Rev. 4/28/00 110 . continued : ( 2 ) 116 she stand up and throw some of the muffins into the wastebasket . SARA stop it , would you ? she spin around to face he , eye glitter . SARA what rule say I should put he through hell ? all it will do be hurt he . chas he will hurt no matter what . ( pause ) maybe you should let he decide . SARA my life be not he decision . she turn she back on he , need to compose herself . SARA you should not keep brandon wait . he nod and start to head out , stop . chas let yourself have some happiness , honey . you be entitle . omitted 117 & 118 int . loft - later 119 the table be set with a motley collection of mismatch plate and silver , decorate with abner 's puppet . the feast be laid out for brandon , chas , abner , Al and osiris . Al raise a glass of wine in toast . al happy we-stole - your-land - and - kill - your-people day . suddenly , christmas music blast and Sara bolt up as Nelson swing in through the window over the fire escape . he be dress as Santa Claus , carry a huge pack . ( continued ) 119 sweet november - Rev. 5/18/00 111. continued : 119 nelson merry Christmas , Sara ! SARA you mean , Thanksgiving . nelson not for you . you should not have to wait . astonish and move , all of Sara 's friend make a move to leave . chas maybe we will grab a turkey pot pie at the coffee shop . ( pause ) Nice to see you , Nelson . Nelson nod , watch all of they leave , then turn back to Sara . he regards she with such tenderness , she be strike speechless . he unty he big bag . nelson for you , sweet Sara , I bring the twelve gift of Christmas . as Nelson describe each gift , he remove it from the pack and hand it to Sara , beginning with a big salami . nelson one : the famous columbo log . the salami that start it all . ( dig out another gift -- wig ) two : a kaleidoscope of coiffure for the barking mad Pet crusader . he plop a wig on she head and return to he bag . nelson Three : a bullwhip for the dizzy dominatrix . so you can rule you world in style , and whip I into shape . he crack the whip , and Sara shriek . nelson four : 'o Sara , ' a custom - make fragrance capture that special something a woman leave on a man . he open the bottle and pass it under she nose . ( continued ) sweet november - Rev. 5/18/00 112. 119 continued : ( 2 ) 119 SARA oh , Nelson . this be ... nelson .»+. only the beginning . five : why be harriet so hairy ? , the definitive guide to understanding we transvestite friend . ( another gift ) six ! tiny bubbles -- for that leisurely soak we love so much . he hand she the bottle of bubble bath , then pull out a plastic Muni train , shake it . nelson Seven : a hundred Muni train token for the the many , many great ride of you life . he hand she the bus , then pull out a C.D. nelson eight : a collection of music to swoon by . which fit nicely with gift number nine ... he grab she and spin she around the floor as he hand she some voucher . nelson dance class at mild 's Academy of dance , guarantee to get you off my toe in a week . he run to the door . open it . nelson ten : for the gentlelady who hate do the dish ... a dishwasher . SARA Nelson , please , this be too much ... Nelson run back to the door , reach for a sack . nelson it 's not enough . eleven : live in you loft , back by popular demand , I give you ... he shake open the sack , out tumble Ernie , the puppy . ( continued ) 119 120 121 sweet november - Rev. 5/18/00 113 . continued : ( 3 ) 119 nelson Ernie ! completely overwhelm , Sara wrap she arm around Ernie and kiss he . nelson and if this last gift do not prove how much I love you , nothing will . loud music kick in as we -- CUT to : int . cabaret - night 120 on stage , Nelson , wear a white dinner jacket and black tie , sing " time after time . " in the audience , Sara watch with glee as Nelson sing directly to she . meanwhile , the diverse crowd go wild for the rare , unabashedly heterosexual performance . int . sara' build - stairwell - night 121 Sara and Nelson arrive at Sara 's door . ( continued ) 121 122 sweet november - Rev. 5/8/00 114 . continued : 121 SARA you be brilliant , Nelson , but I be afraid I be go to lose you to Vegas . nelson nope. ( pause ) never . int . sara' loft - night 122 Sara enter and freeze . november tear from innumerable calendar be everywhere . every reachable inch of wall space and half the furniture be cover with the month . Nelson walk up behind Sara and wrap he arm around she . nelson look around , Sara ... every month be November ... and I love you every day . SARA but , Nelson ... it 's almost over . Nelson spin she around to face he . nelson who tell I once that we see the world we choose to see ? ( pause ) this be we month and it never have to end . SARA but you know that I be -- Nelson kiss she lightly on the lip . nelson I surrender all attempt to control life , yours or mine . I live for one thing : to love you . to make you happy . to live firmly and joyously in the moment . November be all I know and all I ever want to know . ( continued ) 122 123 124 125 125a 126 127 4/5/00 115 . continued : 122 conflict current of joy and sadness play across Sara 's face . she kiss Nelson and hug he with all she might . SARA by the way , that be three thing . int . dmv - test room - day 123 Sara retake the drive test . ext . dmv - day 124 Sara exit wave she license , and Nelson wrap he arm around she . nelson okay , hot shot , now that you have you license , what do you wanna do ? SARA take a walk . ext . STREET - day 125 they be walk down the street , take in all the familiar sight of the street . dissolve to : int . MUNI train - day 125a the two of they lick ice cream cone as they look out the train window , talk and laugh . omitted 126 int . sara' loft - night 127 Nelson and Sara gently make love . as the bell of the nearby church ring twelve ominous time , Sara stare at the large wall calendar . every day of November but the last have be cross off . kiss Sara 's neck , shoulder and breast , Nelson do not see she anguish face . 127a 128 through 130 131 4/5/00 116 . int . sara' loft - series of shot - night ( later ) 127a over the course of the night : Nelson and Sara sound asleep in each other 's arm . later , they disengage they hold , still asleep . later , they come back together , embrace , still sleep . later , Nelson still asleep , Sara awake , reflect . later , Sara study Nelson 's face in repose , she be come to a decision . omitted 128 through 130 int . sara' loft - dawn 131 Nelson wake up as dawn be break , surprised to see Sara 's not in bed with he . he peer around , see she fully - dress , pull the november off the wall one - by-one . most be already pile up in she arm . nelson what be you do ? removing the last calendar , Sara open she trunk . most of the gift Nelson give she be inside . she add the calendar . SARA I think I would keep half . I put the other half in you bag . Sara drape Nelson 's travel bag over he shoulder . nelson Sara , stop this , please ... Sara cross the last day of November off the large calendar . then she tear the month off , revealing December . SARA it 's time for you to go , Nelson . nelson what be you talk about ? SARA we month be over . ( continued ) 4/5/00 117 . 131 continued : 131 nelson have not we be through this a hundred time before ? I be not go anywhere . she put on a jacket . SARA I make you agree to a month for a reason . nelson because you be sick ? I do not care if you be sick . the only thing I care about be you . SARA then that 's why you should go . nelson no. SARA you say you would stop try to control life , yours and mine . ( firmly ) now you have to keep you word . she wrap a scarf around she neck , turn and head toward the door . nelson where be you go ? SARA out . to give you time to leave . 132 ext . sara' build - dawn 132 Sara step into the dawn , try to stay calm . suddenly break into a run as if she have to flee everything . Nelson careen out of the building in pursuit , practically dress as he run , throw a jacket on . nelson Sara ! stop it ! come on , come back ! 133 ext . CITY - dawn 133 Nelson chase Sara through the street . nelson Sara ! 134 sweet november - Rev. 4/28/00 118 . ext . park - dawn 134 the park be desert . halfway through , Nelson catch she . they both gasp for air . nelson Sara , stop it . will you please stop this , I be not leave you -- I know you love I . SARA I do , Nelson . I have never feel anything like it . I never think I would have the chance and you give that to I . nelson then why be you do this ? SARA because it 's start to happen , Nelson -- nelson -- it do not -- SARA -- if you leave now , everything we have will stay perfect forever -- nelson -- Sara -- SARA -- all we have be how you will remember I and I need that memory to be strong and alive -- nelson -- but I want -- SARA -- if I know I be remember that way then I can face anything . can not you see , Nelson , you be my immortality . nelson I want to take care of you , Sara . SARA I will be alright . I be go home . they know I be come . they be ready . ( beat ) you say I come first . ( continued ) 134 4/5/00 119 . continued : 134 nelson you do . SARA then try and understand . I need to do this . nelson it just do not seem ... SARA just like I need to know you will go on and have the beautiful life you deserve . I want you to fall in love again someday , be a husband , have a family . nelson I only want you . SARA you have I forever . now let I go . nelson I can not believe you have even get I consider this . ( long pause ) this be truly what you want . SARA yes . it be . nelson alright , Sara , alright . SARA Close you eye , this time count to twenty . go ahead . Nelson soak up as much of she as he can . then reluctantly , he close he eye . Sara blindfold he with the scarf . nelson ... one , two , three , four , five , six -- Sara stand on she tiptoe and whisper in he ear . SARA I love you , Nelson moss . ( continued ) 134 4/5/00 120 . continued : ( 2 ) 134 nelson I love you , Sara deever . SARA remember I . nelson +. Seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven -- as Nelson continue count , Sara walk to a spot twenty yard behind he and wait at the foot of a statue . nelson ... twelve , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen , nineteen , twenty . Nelson step forward . then , turn , he walk straight toward the statue and arrive at the exact spot Sara stand just a moment before . slowly , he remove the scarf . Sara , of course , be go . all around Nelson , shade of the park emerge in the dawn light . look down at the scarf in he hand , Nelson smile . at the same time , dawn break , pierce the park with glimmer , amber light . carefully wrapping the scarf twice around he neck , Nelson walk out of the park and into the street , just as a red Muni train slowly make its way across the awaken city , its empty window aglow in the dawn . fade out . the end