sweeney todd : the demon barber of fleet STREET written by John Logan Music and lyric by Stephen sondheim adapted from the stage musical " sweeney Todd : the demon barber of fleet Street " Music and lyric by Stephen sondheim Book by Hugh wheeler base on a version of " sweeney Todd " by Christopher bond 18th december , 2006 page 1 . 1 int . dark chamber -- night 1 forebode organ music be hear ... we be look down at a rough brick floor ... be it a alley ? ... a cobblestone street ? ... a warehouse ? a factory ? ... we be not sure ... the flicker glow of flame be the only illumination ... the ominous organ music continue as ... from the bottom of the frame ... a dark pool of blood slowly begin to spread ... move up the frame , defy gravity ... the flicker flame reflect in the blood ... finally , the pool of blood fill the entire frame . suddenly -- a shrill factory whistle blow -- enormously loud -- blood-chill and spine- shatter -- the whistle be a bizarre combination of sound : a factory whistle ; a hog be slaughter ; a dog snarling ; a roaring inferno ; a human scream -- and a man 's face appear , upside down , reflect in the pool of blood . he be the gentleman , a slender dandy in pearl grey glove and match waistcoat . a cold and superior aristocrat . the camera slowly revolve -- the gentleman become right side up as -- gentleman attend the tale of sweeney Todd . his skin be pale and he eye be odd . he shave the face of gentleman who never thereafter be hear of again . he trod a path that few have trod , do sweeney Todd , the demon barber of fleet Street . we cut from the blood to see the gentleman stand before we . strangely impassive . we be in a eerie dark chamber , unclear , a low ceiling , a world of silhouettes and shadow . ( continued ) page 2 . 1 continued : 1 another figure emerge from the miasma of shadow , into the hellish flicker of flame : the banker . he be large , rotund and sleek . impressive muttonchop . banker he keep a shop in London town , of fancy client and good renown , and what if none of they soul be save ? they go to they maker impeccably shave ... more figure begin to emerge from the shadow , join the gentleman and the banker as ... banker by sweeney , by sweeney Todd , the demon barber of fleet Street . although prosaic in appearance this figure be , in fact , ghost . ghost swing you razor wide , sweeney ! hold it to the sky ! freely flow the blood of that who moralize ! as they continue , the new figure become more distinct ... the general , a tough , leather - skinned military man in a crimson imperial uniform ... general his need be few , he room be bare : the priest , a lean , severe man with pale skin in clerical attire ... priest a lavabo and a fancy chair ... the tourist , a small , meek man with glass in a ill-fitting suit ... tourist a mug of sud and a leather strop , a apron , a towel , a pail and a mop ... the student , a dash young man from Oxford with luxurious long hair ... ( continued ) page 3. 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 student for neatness he deserve a nod , do sweeney Todd ... gentleman the demon barber of fleet Street . the ghost be a bit more insinuate now as they move around this mysterious world ... ghost ( variously ) inconspicuous sweeney be , Quick and quiet and clean `e be . back of he smile , under he word , sweeney hear music that nobody hear . sweeney ponder and sweeney plan , like a perfect machine 'e plan , sweeney be smooth , sweeney be subtle , sweeney would blink and rat would scuttle ... the specter be become more insistent , they strange impassivity give way to accusation as the flicker red flame become a inferno -- ghost ( variously ) sweeney be smooth , sweeney be subtle , sweeney would blink and rat would scuttle . inconspicuous sweeney be , Quick and quiet and clean 'e be , like a perfect machine 'e be , be sweeney ! sweeney ! sweeney ! sweeeeeneeeeey ! on this explosive note we revolve -- away from the ghostly fury -- to discover -- sweeney todd . stand before we . a unclear figure , silhouett in blaze red flame . we slowly push in on he as : ghost attend the tale of sweeney Todd . he serve a dark and a vengeful god . what happen then -- ( continued ) page 4 . 1 continued : ( 3 ) 1 gentleman well , who 's to say ? banker and he would not want we to give it away , ghost ( variously ) not sweeney , not sweeney Todd , the demon barber of fleet Street . on this note , we push in tight on the figure of Todd ... Music and the clanging of a clock tower bell be hear as we slowly begin pull back and be imperceptibly transport to ... 2 ext . ship -- thame -- almost dawn 2 ANTHONY , a young sailor of about 20 , be stand at the rail of a ship . we see the obscure shape of rigging and sail behind he . the cry of sailor echo . behind he stand the gentleman and the banker . they be look past Anthony , look at something . they move away as Anthony peer through the fog , strain to see ... London . gradually , as the ship approach , the tower spire and mountainous rooftop of the city begin to stand out in relief , to emerge through the fog like a tiger creep toward its prey . Music continue as Anthony take in the dreadful and magnificent spectacle of the 19th century metropolis . the gnarl of rooftop . the labyrinth of street and alley . the black trail of smoke reach up like skeletal finger from a thousand chimney . London . sulfurous London . Anthony be awestruck . ANTHONY I have sail the world , beheld its wonder from the dardanelle to the mountain of Peru , but there 's no place like London --! then -- ( continued ) page 5 . 2 continued : 2 sweeney Todd step to Anthony 's side , grimly interrupt -- todd no , there 's no place like London . ANTHONY Mr. Todd ...? todd you be young . life have be kind to you . you will learn . Todd 's glare forward , he haunt gaze never leave the approach city . 3 ext . dock -- dawn 3 Music continue as Todd stand very still and take in the shadowy figure on the dock . Anthony seem almost lose at he side , overwhelm by the scale and aura of the city . ANTHONY Lord ... take you breath away , do not it ? Todd shudder violently , almost snarling . todd there 's a hole in the world like a great black pit and the vermin of the world inhabit it and its moral be not worth what a pig could spit and it go by the name of London . at the top of the hole sit the privileged few make mock of the vermin in the lower zoo , turn beauty into filth and greed . I too have sail the world , and see its wonder for the cruelty of man be as wondrous as Peru , but there 's no place like London ! Anthony look at he friend , mystify by he grim reaction to the city . ( continued ) page 6 . 3 continued : 3 todd I beg you indulgence , Anthony ... my mind be far from easy . in this once familiar street I feel shadow everywhere ... ANTHONY shadows ...? todd ghost . Anthony look at he , question . Todd continue quietly : todd there be a barber and he wife , and she be beautiful , a foolish barber and he wife , she be he reason and he life , and she be beautiful , and she be virtuous . and he be ... ( a breath ) naive . Anthony watch , rapt , as Todd remember ... 4 ext . flower market -- flashback -- day 4 ... Fifteen year before . Todd walk with he beautiful wife lucy through a crowded flower market , a colorful explosion of blossom . Lucy carry they one - year- old baby , johanna . Todd be almost unrecognizable to we , content and smile . chatt with he wife . happy . todd ( v.o . ) there be another man who see that she be beautiful , a pious vulture of the law , who with a gesture of he claw remove the barber from he plate . then there be nothing but to wait and she would fall , so soft , so young , so lose , and oh , so beautiful ! ( continued ) page 7 . 4 continued : 4 during the above , judge turpin , a elderly man with a saturnine demeanor , eye Lucy through the luxurious bunch of flower . he stalk she , desire she . with the judge be he nefarious creature , beadle bamford . the beadle be a large man , he florid nature and pink , powder face never quite disguise he lethality . the judge whisper to the beadle , indicate Todd . then the beadle and several policeman sweep in and drag Todd off . the judge move in on Lucy like a predator . and we return to ... 5 ext . dock -- dawn 5 Music continue . ANTHONY and the lady , sir ... do she succumb ? todd oh , that be many year ago ... I doubt if anyone would know . a quiet beat . todd I owe you my life , Anthony . if you have not spot I , I would be lose on the ocean still ... thank you . Todd pick up he duffel bag , prepare to go . ANTHONY will I see you again ? todd you might find I , if you like , around fleet Street . ANTHONY until then , my friend . he offer he hand . Todd take it and shake . then Todd quickly turn and go . Anthony stand for a moment , sadden by the mysterious pall that hang over he friend . page 8. 6 ext . STREET -- morning 6 Todd stride along , deep in think . the emotion roiling within he finally seethe out in a dark mutter : todd there 's a hole in the world like a great black pit and it 's fill with people who be fill with shit and the vermin of the world inhabit it ... he disappear down the street as the music thunder -- 7 ext . london assault -- day 7 -- we zoom ahead of Todd -- cut through the city at lightning pace down twist alley and up crowded boulevard -- into tunnel and over bridge -- slashing through London at breakneck speed -- the insane explosion of music send we hurtle to -- 8 ext . the pie shop -- day 8 fleet Street . we see the exterior of Mrs. lovett 's pie shop . it be tatty and unlove by all . yet it have a strange , ghostly presence to it . impose and dead at the same time . there be a exterior staircase lead up to a darken second floor room with a window overlook the street . the music slow and continue as we see Todd , stand in front of the shop , consider it deeply . the general we see before pass , glance at Todd . here and then go . Todd finally stride to the shop and enter ... 9 int . pie shop -- day 9 behind the dusty counter be ... mrs . lovett , a venal , vigorous and slatternly woman in she 40' . she be currently busy chopping a loathsome mess of suet with a wick look knife , she greasy hair hang down over she face . ( continued ) page 9 . 9 continued : 9 the moment Todd enter -- and the bell at the door sound -- she head snap up and she eye be on he like a bird of prey : mrs . lovett a customer ! Todd be startle , start to go -- mrs . lovett wait ! what 's yer rush ? what 's yer hurry ? ( she stick the knife into the counter ) you give I such a -- ( wipe she hand on she apron ) ) fright . I think you be a ghost . half a minute , can'tcher ? sit ! sit ye down ! ( a order ) sit ! ( he obey ) all I mean be that I have not see a customer for week . do you come here for a pie , sir ? ( Todd nod . she flick a bit of dust off a pie with a rag ) do forgive I if I head 's a little vague -- ugh ! ( she pluck something off the pie , examine it ) what be that ? but you would think we have the plague -- ( she drop it on the floor and stamp on it ) from the way that people -- ( she flick something off the pie with she finger ) keep avoid -- ( spot it move ) no , you do not ! ( she smack it with she hand ) Heaven know I try , sir ! ( lift she hand , look at it ) tsk ! ( she wipe it on the edge of the counter ) but there 's no one come in even to inhale -- ( continued ) page 10 . 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 tsk ! ( she blow the last dust off the pie as she bring it to he ) right you be , sir . would you like a drop of ale ? ( Todd nod ) mind you , I can not hardly blame they -- ( pour a tankard of ale ) this be probably the worst pie in London . I know why nobody care to take they -- I should know , I make they . but good ? no , the worst pie in London -- even that 's polite . the worst pie in London -- if you doubt it , take a bite . ( he do . it 's horrible ) be that just disgusting ? you have to concede it . it 's nothing but crusting -- here , drink this , you will need it -- ( she give he the ale ) the worst pie in London . during the follow , she slam lump of dough on the counter and roll they out , grunt frequently as she go : mrs . lovett and no wonder with the price of meat what it be -- ( grunt ) when you get it . ( grunt ) never ( grunt ) think I would live to see the day men'd think it be a treat find poor ( grunt ) animal ( grunt ) wot be die in the street . Mrs. Mooney have a pie shop , do a business , but I notice something weird -- lately all she neighbor ' cat have disappear . ( shrug ) have to hand it to she -- wot I call Enterprise , pop pussy into pie . would not do in my shop -- just the think of it 's enough to make you sick . ( continued ) page 11 . 9 continued : ( 3 ) 9 and I be tell you they pussy cat be quick . ( leans on counter , exhaust ) no deny time be hard , sir -- even harder than the worst pie in London . only lard and nothing more -- ( as Todd gamely try another mouthful ) be that just revolting ? all greasy and gritty , it look like it 's molt , and taste like -- well , pity a woman alone with limited wind and the worst pie in London ! ( sigh heavily ) ah sir , Times be hard . Times be hard . she finish one of the crust with a flourish as the music end . Todd , meanwhile , be gulp at he ale , try to wash down Mrs. lovett 's hideous creation . mrs . lovett trust I , dearie , it 's go to take more than ale to wash that taste out . come with I and we will get you a nice tumbler of gin . she lead he through the curtain at the back of the pie shop and into ... 10 int . parlor -- day 10 ... her parlor be a wonder of seedy faux - middle class victoriana . Little knickknack , dusty plant and dingy doily . there be a threadbare mauve sofa in front of a comfortable fire . a fade picture postcard of the seaside hang on a wall . she go to a sideboard and pour he a huge glass of gin as : mrs . lovett be not this homey now ? I cheery wallpaper be a real bargain too , it be only partly singe when the chapel burnt down .... ( continued ) page 12 . 10 continued : 10 she hand he the gin . he gulp it down , wash the taste of she pie out of he mouth . mrs . lovett there 's a good boy , now you sit down and warm you bone , you look chill through . he sit before the fire : todd be not that a room over the shop ? if time be so hard , why do not you rent it out ? she glance up at the roof , consider the room over they . mrs . lovett up there ? oh , no one will go near it ... she turn to he , something a little intense and probing about she gaze . mrs . lovett people think it 's haunt . todd haunted ? she hold he gaze . mrs . lovett and who 's to say they be wrong ? ... you see , year ago , something happen up there . something not very nice ... the flicker flame from the fire begin to cast a more intense red glow on she face ... mrs . lovett there be a barber and he wife , and he be beautiful , a proper artist with a knife , but they transport he for life . ( sigh ) and he be beautiful ... the music continue as she look at he , again with that rather intense gaze : ( continued ) page 13 . 10 continued : ( 2 ) 10 mrs . lovett barker , he name be -- Benjamin barker . todd transport ? what be he crime ? mrs . lovett ( with a edge ) foolishness . she turn again to the fire , the red glow bathing she face as she remember ... 11 int . barber shop -- flashback -- day 11 Lucy be pace , hold baby johanna to she closely . Lucy be distraught , strain , tear in she eye . as Lucy pace we notice the room be full of dead and die flower : dozen of dry bouquet toss aside and ignore . mrs . lovett ( v.o . ) he have this wife , you see , pretty little thing , silly little nit have she chance for the moon on a string -- poor thing . poor thing . Lucy move to the window , look out . she see judge turpin and the beadle wait below . the judge hold yet another bouquet . mrs . lovett ( v.o . ) there be this judge , you see , want she like mad , every day he would send she a flower , but do she come down from she tower ? Sat up there and sobbed by the hour , poor fool . Lucy move away from the window , sobbing . mrs . lovett ( v.o . ) ah , but there be worse yet to come , poor thing . page 14 . 12 ext . exclusive STREET -- flashback -- evening 12 the beadle be lead a nervous Lucy along a exclusive street of dark stone mansion , grand but somehow menace . Lucy be wear she best dress . mrs . lovett ( v.o . ) the beadle call on she , all polite , poor thing , poor thing . the judge , he tell she , be all contrite , he blame himself for she dreadful plight she must come straight to he house tonight ! poor thing , poor thing . 13 int . turpin be mansion -- ballroom -- flashback -- night 13 the beadle usher Lucy into a ballroom . she be shocked to see a fancy - dress ball in progress . masked couple swirl around the ballroom , they number sinisterly multiply by the distorting mirror that frame the room . the hang chandelier , drape in red cloth , cast a disquieting incarnadine glow on the proceedings ... mrs . lovett ( v.o . ) of course , when she go there , poor thing , poor thing , they be have this ball all in mask . Lucy wander lose through the swirl dancer , they buffet she , confusing she ... mrs . lovett ( v.o . ) there 's no one she know there , poor dear , poor thing , she wander torment , and drink , poor thing . the judge have repent , she think , poor thing . " oh , where be judge turpin ? " she ask . the beadle find Lucy again and graciously give she he arm , lead she through the party . she be thankful for the salvation he provide . he bring she to judge turpin . the judge descend on Lucy , raping she . the other guest crowd around ravenously , enjoy the spectacle . a feverish nightmare . mrs . lovett ( v.o . ) he be there , all right -- only not so contrite ! she be not no match for such craft , you see , ( continued ) page 15 . 13 continued : 13 and everyone think it so droll . they figure she have to be daft , you see , so all of `em stand there and laugh , you see , poor soul ! poor thing ! todd ( v.o. ) noooooooo ...! Todd 's wild howl shatter the memory and tear we back to -- 14 int . parlor -- day 14 -- Todd be bolt up from the sofa , torment -- todd ..... noooooo ! he stand for a terrible beat . todd would no one have mercy on she ? mrs . lovett so it be you -- Benjamin barker . todd where 's Lucy ?! where 's my wife ?! mrs . lovett she poison herself . arsenic from the apothecary on the corner . I try to stop she but she would not listen to I . and he 's get you daughter . todd he? judge turpin ? mrs . lovett adopted she like he own . Todd absorb this sicken news . todd Fifteen year of sweat in a live hell on a false charge . Fifteen year dream that I might come home to find a loving wife and child ... a beat as he stare into the fire , madness and purpose creep in . ( continued ) page 16 . 14 continued : 14 mrs . lovett well , I can not say the year have be particularly kind to you , Mr. barker , but you still -- todd no , not barker . that man be dead . it 's Todd now . sweeney Todd ... and he will have he revenge . he continue with a chill and quiet resolve as he stare with unblink eye into the fire : todd judge turpin and the beadle will pay for what they do . a beat . he finally turn to she . todd first I must have my shop back . 15 ext . pie shop -- day 15 they emerge from the pie shop . she begin to scale the exterior staircase to the darken second floor room . he hesitates . mrs . lovett come along ... she continue up , he slowly follow . 16 int . barber shop -- day 16 a macabre shroud of dust and spider 's web . Furniture cover in sheet . a break mirror on one wall . we hear footstep approach and then Mrs. lovett enter . the door creak like a live thing . mrs . lovett not to worry , a touch of oil will put that right . ( she turn back to Todd ) ... nothing to be afraid of , love , come in . she move into the room . but Todd hesitates at the door , look into the room . for he this be a truly haunt place . ( continued ) page 17 . 16 continued : 16 meanwhile , she kneel and pries loose a floorboard . underneath there be a hide area . within that , something cover with a velvet cloth . she remove it and carefully unwrap it . her touch be particularly gentle and respectful . we discover it be a fine leather case . she look at it for a beat . then turn to he , dusting it off . todd I do not believe it ... he finally step into the room , draw toward the case . mrs . lovett when they come for the girl , I hide them . I think , who know ? maybe the silly blighter will be back again . crack in the head , be not I ? haunting music begin as she open the case ... and we see it contain a beautiful set of razor . he stand for a long moment , gaze down at he beloved razor . mrs . lovett that handle be chase silver , be not they ? todd Silver , yes ... this be my friend , see how they glisten . ( he pick up a small razor ) see this one shine , how he smile in the light . my friend , my faithful friend . ( holding it to he ear , feel the edge with he thumb ) ) speak to I friend , whisper , I will listen . ( listen ) I know , I know -- you have be lock out of sight all this year -- like I , my friend . well , I have come home to find you wait . ( continued ) page 18 . 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 Home , and we be together , and we will do wonder , wo not we ? Mrs. lovett lean over he , in she own kind of trance as well . they now sing simultaneously : todd ( pick out a larger razor ) you there , my friend , come , let I hold you . now , with a sigh you grow warm in my hand , my friend , my clever friend . ( put it back ) Rest now , my friend . soon I will unfold you . soon you will know splendor you never have dream all you day -- mrs . lovett I be you friend too , Mr. Todd . if you only know , Mr. Todd -- ooh , Mr. Todd , you be warm in my hand . you have come home . always have a fondness for you , I do . todd -- my lucky friend . till now you shine be merely silver . Friends , you shall drip ruby , you will soon drip precious rubies ... mrs . lovett never you fear , Mr. Todd , you can move in here , Mr. Todd . splendor you never have dream all you day will be yours . I be you friend . ( continued ) page 19 . 16 continued : ( 3 ) 16 and you be mine . do not they shine beautiful ? Silver 's good enough for I , Mr. T ... the music continue quietly as Todd stare at one of he razor . todd leave I now ... she go . Todd finally pick up he biggest razor and slowly open it , look at it . todd at last my arm be complete again . and he remain stand . exalted . then -- in the shattered mirror on the wall he suddenly see -- the distort reflection of the gentleman , the banker , and the General , look at he -- ghost lift you razor high , sweeney ! hear it sing , " yes ! " sink it in the rosy skin of righteousness ! Todd turn to they ... ghost ( variously ) his voice be soft , he manner mild . he seldom laugh but he often smile , he would see how civilized man behave . he never forget and he never forgive , not sweeney , not sweeney Todd , the demon barber of fleet Street . Todd pull a sheet off baby johanna 's cradle . a cloud of dust rise . the ghost disappear in the cloud of dust and Todd stand alone , stare at the cradle , hold he razor . page 20 . 17 ext . exclusive STREET -- day 17 Anthony , now out of he sailor 's uniform , be walk along the sidewalk near the judge 's mansion , absorb in a copy of baedeker 's London . he stop , lose , try to get he bearing , study he map . then a unusual sound emerge through the normal cosmopolitan bustle . it be the sound of a woman hum . he look up to see ... johanna , a 16 - year- old girl with golden hair , beautiful and hauntingly sad . she sit at she window above , behind bar , hum to herself as she do needlepoint . Anthony watch she , absolutely mesmerize . johanna notice a Bird seller pass . he carry a long , wooden pole with little bird cage attach . johanna Green finch and linnet bird , nightingale , blackbird , how be it you sing ? how can you jubilate , sitting in cage , never take wing ? outside the sky wait , beckone , beckone , just beyond the bar . how can you remain , stare at the rain , maddened by the star ? how be it you sing anything ? how be it you sing ? then ... she see Anthony on the sidewalk below . Music continue . there be a long look between they . her intense , melancholy expression move he . she continue sing , the strange anguish and yearn of she word seem intend only for he ... johanna my cage have many room , damask and dark . nothing there sing , not even my lark . lark never will , you know , when they be captive . ( continued ) page 21 . 17 continued : 17 teach I to be more adaptive . Green finch and linnet bird , nightingale , blackbird , teach I how to sing . if I can not fly , let I sing . then she turn away quickly , alarmed , when someone enter she room . she look terrify . below , Anthony be concerned for she . he see she move from the window . he be craning to see better when a beggar woman -- a filthy tendril of a woman , she foul clothes of rag like a second skin -- suddenly thrust she arm up from the curb , implore : beggar woman alm ! ... alm ! ... for a miserable woman on a miserable chilly morning ... ( Anthony drop a coin into she hand ) thank yer , sir , thank yer . ANTHONY ma'am , could tell I whose house this be ? beggar woman that 's the great judge turpin 's house that be . ANTHONY and the young lady who reside there ? beggar woman that 's johanna , he pretty little ward . keeps she snug , he do , all lock up ... so do not you go trespasp there or it 's a good whipping for you -- or any other young man with mischief on he mind ... she suddenly leer into a lewd and dement assault : beggar woman ' ow would you like a little muff , dear , a little jig jig a little bounce around the bush ? would not you like to push I parsley ? ( continued ) page 22 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 it look to I , dear , like you get plenty there to push . she grab at Anthony 's crotch -- Anthony start back -- she turn away , instantly plaintive again , and appeal to other pedestrian as she go : beggar woman alm ! ... alm !... for a desperate woman ... Anthony consider the mansion . he see a figure stand at a window , unclear behind the shutter , watch he . he sit on a bench outside the mansion and sing quietly : ANTHONY I feel you , johanna , I feel you . I be half convinced I would waken , satisfied enough to dream you . happily I be mistaken , johanna ! I will steal you , johanna , I will steal you ... then the figure disappear from the window above . Anthony stand , wait . then the door to the mansion swing open ... Anthony be expect johanna ... but it be judge turpin , the predator we meet in Todd 's flashback , who step into the doorway . he seem a different man now . paternal and warm , he smile and beckon to Anthony . Anthony hesitates , unsure . the judge beckon again . again the warm smile . judge come in , lad . come in ... Anthony go into the mansion . 18 int . turpin be mansion -- library -- day 18 judge turpin lead Anthony into the dark library , fill with book . Anthony be look around for johanna . he be wary , this be all very strange . ( continued ) page 23. 18 continued : 18 judge ... you be look for hyde Park , you say ? ANTHONY yes , it 's terribly large on the map but I keep get lose ... judge sit down , lad , sit down . Anthony sit , uncomfortable , as the judge pour two snifter of brandy . ANTHONY it 's embarrassing for a sailor to lose he bearing , but , well , there you be . then ... the large form of the beadle appear from the shadow . no introduction be make . Anthony glance to he , uneasy . judge a sailor , eh ? ANTHONY yes , sir . the " bountiful " out of plymouth . judge ( hand he a snifter of brandy ) a sailor must know the way of the world , yes ? ... must be practice in the way of the world ... would you say you be practice , boy ? ANTHONY Sir ? the judge move to consider some beautiful volume , bound in the richest leather . he run a finger along the spine of the book ; he large library of pornography . judge oh , yes ... such practice ... the geishas of Japan ... the concubine of siam .. the catamite of Greece ... the harlot of India ... I have they all here ... drawing of they .... ( more ) ( continued ) page 24 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 judge ( cont would ) ( he turn again to Anthony ) ... all the vile thing you have do with you whore . Anthony be speechless . the judge just smile at he amiably . judge would you like to see ? ANTHONY ( stand ) I think there 's be some mistake -- judge oh , I think not . you gander at my ward , johanna ... you gander at she ... yes , sir , you gander . the beadle move behind Anthony . ANTHONY ( glance nervously back at the beadle ) I mean no harm -- judge you meaning be immaterial . Mark I : if I see you face again on this street , you will rue the day you bitch of a mother give you birth . Anthony be stunne . the judge proceed with shocking venom : judge my johanna be not one of you bloody cock -chafer ! my johanna be not to be gander at ! he nod to the beadle -- the beadle instantly grab Anthony and brutally haul he out . 19 ext . mansion -- alley -- day 19 the beadle drag Anthony through a rear door of the mansion and fling he into a filthy alley . Anthony pull himself up . stun . beadle hyde Park be that way , young sir ... a right and then a leave , then straight on , you see ? ... ( more ) ( continued ) page 25 . 19 continued : 19 beadle ( cont would ) ( point ) ... over there . fluster , Anthony turn to look -- the instant Anthony 's back be turn , the beadle swing he lethal billyclub and slam he from behind brutally , in the kidney -- Anthony 's knee buckle -- the beadle then slam Anthony across the back of the neck -- Anthony fall hard -- the beadle then use one dainty foot to roll Anthony over -- Anthony gaze up at he , panting for breath , in agony -- beadle you hear judge turpin , little man . he press the end of he billyclub into Anthony 's forehead , grind it hard -- beadle next time it will be you pretty brain all over the pavement . with that , the beadle return to the mansion and slam the door . Anthony slowly pull himself to he knee , double over , cough up blood . a long beat as Anthony get he breath , wiping blood from he face . still double over , he sing with burn intensity : ANTHONY I will steal you , johanna , I will steal you ! do they think that wall can hide you ? even now I be at you window . I be in the dark beside you , buried sweetly in you yellow hair . he pull himself up , every movement be agony . he make he way down the alley , lean on the wall for support . 20 ext . exclusive STREET -- day 20 the music swell as Anthony emerge from the dark alley into the bright sunlight . he make he way along the sidewalk : ( continued ) page 26 . 20 continued : 20 ANTHONY I feel you , johanna , and one day I will steal you . till I be with you then , I be with you there , sweetly bury in you yellow hair ... the soar music continue as Anthony stop at a park across the street from turpin 's mansion , bravely gaze up at johanna 's window . 21 ext . STREET leading to ST . dunstan' marketplace -- day 21 sweeney Todd and Mrs. lovett be move quickly , she struggle to keep up with he long , lope stride . he carry he razor case , she carry a shopping basket . todd he 's here every Thursday ? mrs . lovett like clockwork . eyetalian . all the rage he be . todd not for long . 22 ext . ST . dunstan' marketplace day 22 they round a corner and move into the bustling marketplace . a steady mercantile hum as the cry of merchant and wander coster - monger fill the air . Todd and Mrs. lovett move toward a hand -drawn caravan dominate one corner of the marketplace . it be paint like a sicilian donkey cart and on its side a sign declaim : " signor adolfo pirelli -- haircutter to his Royal majesty the King of naple . " mrs . lovett oh Mr. T. , do you really think you can do it ? todd by tomorrow they will all be flocking to I like sheep to be shorn -- he stop abruptly when he see -- the beadle casually strolling through the crowd . Todd be transfix , he ancient enemy so close . ( continued ) page 27 . 22 continued : 22 mrs . lovett ( see the beadle , pull he arm ) come along now , dear , he might recognize you -- todd I will do what I have vow to do ... ( he continue to glare at the beadle , he voice low ) ... come closer , my friend , closer ... then , toby -- a 13 - year- old boy , a bit small for he age , malnourish and consumptively pale -- emerge from pirelli 's caravan . he bang on a tin drum , draw customer . a crowd begin to gather at the caravan as : toby lady and gentleman ! May I have you attention , perlease ? do you wake every morning in shame and despair to discover you pillow be cover with hair wot ought not to be there ? well , lady and gentleman , from now on you can waken at ease . you need never again have a worry or care , I will show you a miracle marvelous rare , gentlemen , you be about to see something wot rise from the dead ! ( a woman gasp , he smile and wiggle a finger no ) on the top of my head . he dramatically doff he cap , revealing mountain of hair which cascade to he shoulder . toby ' twas pirelli 's Miracle elixir , that 's wot do the trick , sir , true , sir , true . be it quick , sir ? do it in a tick , sir ? just like a elixir ought to do ! ( to a bald man ) how about a bottle , mister ? only cost a penny , guarantee . ( pour a drop on the bald man 's head ) do pirelli 's ( continued ) page 28 . 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 stimulate the growth , sir ? you can have my oath , sir , ' tis unique . ( apply the bald man' hand to the wet spot ) rub a minute , stimulatin ' , i'n it ? soon you will have to thin it once a week ! more customer be step up and buy bottle . Todd open a bottle of the elixir , take a whiff . disgusting . he smile to Mrs. lovett , he plan fall into place . todd ( loudly , to Mrs. lovett ) pardon I , mar 'am , what 's that awful stench ? mrs . lovett be we stand near a open trench ? todd ( to a woman in the crowd ) must be stand near a open trench ! the crowd respond to Todd and Mrs. lovett , look askance and sniff at the bottle . Toby nervously try to distract they : toby buy pirelli 's Miracle elixir : anything wot 's slick , sir , soon sprout curl . try pirelly ! when they see how thick , sir , you can have you pick , sir , of the girl ! want to buy a bottle , missus ? todd ( sniff bottle of elixir ) what be this ? mrs . lovett ( sniff another customer 's bottle ) what be this ? todd smell like piss . ( continued ) page 29 . 22 continued : ( 3 ) 22 mrs . lovett smell like -- phew ! todd this be piss . piss with ink . the music speed up -- Toby be get desperate : toby let pirelli 's activate you root , sir -- todd keep it off you boot , sir -- eat right through . toby yes , get pirelly ! use a bottle of it ! lady seem to love it -- mrs . lovett fly do too ! suddenly , the curtain on the caravan be dramatically flung wide to reveal -- pirelli , a flamboyant italian with a velvet suit , thick wavy hair and a dazzle smile . pirelli pose splendidly for a moment . then : pirelli I be adolfo pirelli , Da king of da barber , da barber of king , E buon giorno , good day , I blow you a kiss ! ( he do so ) and I , da so-famous pirelli , I wish -a to know - a who have - a da nerve -a to say my elixir be piss ! who say this ?! todd I do . ( Todd move forward boldly . ) I be Mr. sweeney Todd of fleet Street . I have open a bottle of pirelli 's elixir , and I say to you that it be nothing but a arrant fraud , concoct from piss and ink . ( continued ) page 30 . 22 continued : ( 4 ) 22 the crowd gasp . pirelli be about to respond , outrage , but Todd continue -- todd and furthermore -- " signor " -- I have service no king , yet I wager I can shave a cheek with ten time more dexterity that any street mountebank . he snap open he razor case and hold it up for the crowd to see , turn to display the wondrous razor : todd you see this razor ? mrs . lovett ( to the crowd ) the finest in England . todd ( glaring at pirelli ) I lay they against five pound you be no match for I . you hear I , sir ? either accept my challenge or reveal yourself as a sham . mrs . lovett bravo , bravo . the crowd be enjoy this now , whisper eagerly about the bold challenge . in the crowd , we see a quick flash of the meek tourist we see earlier . pirelli study the razor for a moment and then turn to the crowd with a confident smile : pirelli you hear zis foolish man ? watch and see how he will regret he folly ! Music begin as Todd move into action , prepare the challenge : todd Friends , who 's for a free shave ? two man step forward . a plain wooden chair be bring for Todd as he move into the boldest part of this plan ... he carefully turn to ... the beadle . todd will beadle bamford be the judge ? ( continued ) page 31 . 22 continued : ( 5 ) 22 Mrs. lovett 's eye shoot to Todd , alarmed -- the beadle move toward Todd .... Todd smile amiably , but quiver internally at be so dreadfully close to he prey ... Mrs. lovett watch , concerned . will the beadle recognize the feature of Benjamin barker ...? apparently not . the beadle stop right before Todd and smile . beadle glad , as always , to oblige my friend and neighbor ( to the crowd ) ... let the challenge commence ! one man sit in Todd 's plain chair as the other move to a elaborate chair on pirelli 's caravan . pirelli shake out a fancy bib with a flourish and cover he man . Toby prepare pirelli 's ornate shave supplies as Todd take a plain towel and tuck it around he man 's neck . beadle ready ? pirelli ready ! todd ready . beadle the fastest , smoothest shave be the winner . he blow he shrill whistle . agitate music begin . pirelli strop he razor quickly , Todd in a leisurely manner . pirelli keep glance at Todd in various paranoid way throughout , frighten of Todd 's progress . he start whipping up lather rapidly : pirelli ( while mixing furiously ) now , signorini , signori , we mix - a da lather but first - a you gather around , signorini , signori , you look a man ( continued ) page 32 . 22 continued : ( 6 ) 22 who have have - a da glory to shave - a da Pope . Mr. sweeney -so-smart -- ( splatter the customer with shave cream ) oh , I beg - a you pardon -- ' will call I a lie , be - a only a cardinal -- nope ! it be - a da Pope ! unexpectedly , Todd still show no sign of start to shave he man . he merely watch pirelli 's performance . Mrs. lovett look at he nervously , wishing he would get on with it . pirelli , now feel he can take he time , sing lyrically as he lather and shave with rhythmic scrape and elaborate gesture of wiping the razor . pirelli to shave - a da face , to cut - a da hair , require da grace require da flair , for if - a you slip , you nick da skin , you clip -a da chin , you rip - a da lip a bit Beyond -a repair ! Todd strop he razor slowly and deliberately -- shoop , shoop , shoop -- disconcert pirelli and draw the crowd 's attention . pirelli to shave - a da face or even a part widout it - a smart require da heart . not just - a da flash , it take - a panache , it take - a da passion for da art . Todd be unconcern . he just continue to slowly strop he razor -- shoop , shoop , shoop -- which fluster pirelli . pirelli to shave - a da face , to trim - a da beard , to make - a da bristle clean like a whistle , dis be from early infancy Da talent give to I ( continued ) page 33. 22 continued : ( 7 ) 22 by God ! ( cross himself with he razor ) it take - a da skill , it take - a da brain , it take - a da will to take - a da pain , it take - a da pace , it take - a da graaaaaace ... while pirelli hold this note elaborately , Todd , with a few deat stroke , quickly lather he man 's face , shave he and signal the beadle to examine he . beadle ( blow whistle ) the winner be Todd . pirelli deflate . mrs . lovett ( feel the customer 's cheek ) smooth as a baby 's arse ! -- ( to Todd ) - - well do , dear ! the crowd laugh and applaud Todd as pirelli go to he : pirelli ( a profound bow ) Sir , I bow to a skill far defter than my own . todd the five pound . pirelli produce a distinctive chatelaine purse and remove a five pound note , give it to Todd : pirelli here , sir . and may the good Lord smile on you -- ( a quick stab of a smile ) -- until we meet again . he bow he head quickly and then move away , beckone to Toby : pirelli come , boy . toby we be pull out , sir ? ( continued ) page 34 . 22 continued : ( 8 ) 22 without warning , pirelli slap Toby viciously across the face -- Toby almost fall -- pirelli ( snarling ) we be pull out , yes . quickly . Mrs. lovett have observe all of this as she move away with Todd , who be make he way inexorably toward the beadle . some eager customer surround Todd , among they be the tourist . eager customer Mr. Todd , sir , do you have a establishment of you own ? Mrs. lovett be on he like a hawk : mrs . lovett he certainly do . sweeney Todd 's tonsorial parlor -- above my meatpie emporium in fleet Street . Todd have lead they right to the beadle : todd I thank you for you honest adjudication , sir . you be a paragon of integrity . beadle well , I try to do my best for my friend and neighbor ... you establishment be in fleet Street , you say ? todd yes , sir . beadle then , Mr. Todd , you will surely see I there before the week be out . todd you will be welcome , beadle bamford , and I guarantee to give you , without a penny 's charge , the close shave you will ever know . page 35 . 23 ext . STREET -- day 23 Todd and Mrs. lovett be walk away from the marketplace . she chatter happily : mrs . lovett ... like to give I a coronary right there ! what if he have recognize you ! Lord , my heart be beat a mile a minute , just like a little finch it be . be not that lovely bird now ? always so twittery and happy ... she continue chatter ... but Todd be not listen . his eye dart to the side to see -- the gentleman be walk next to he , whisper , subtle , insinuate ... gentleman sweeney ponder and sweeney plan . like a perfect machine 'e plan ... the banker move in next to the gentleman ... banker barbing the hook , bait the trap , setting it out for the beadle to snap ... the General join they ... general slyly court ' im , sweeney do , set a sort of a scene 'e do ... gentleman , banker and general laying the trail , show the trace , letting it lead to higher place ... sweeney ... the last word echoe ... and then they be go ... disappear from Todd 's mind ... swallow up by the crowd of pedestrian ... Todd look to Mrs. lovett and she continue chatter : ( continued ) page 36 . 23 continued : 23 mrs . lovett ... suppose it 's just I gentle heart , but I do hate to see a boy treat like that , no better than you aunt doreen 's dog -- Mr. Todd , be you listen to I ? todd of course . but then he eye dart again -- look for the specter . he only see stranger . 24 int . johanna's room -- morning 24 johanna sit , frame by the window , quietly cut out silhouettes . aimless victorian handicraft . but we see there be tear in she eye . she steal a glance across the room . we see a small hole in the wallpaper . through this hole , the judge be watch she from another chamber . lascivious . perverse . johanna finally stand and casually glance out from between the shutter at she window . she see ... Anthony , stand at the park across the street , keep up he lonely vigil , gaze up at the mansion . she watch he for a moment and then make she decision . she move to a table and open a drawer . reaches in and remove something ... 25 ext . turpin' mansion -- morning 25 Anthony see a figure at the shutter -- then hear a clinking sound . Metal on pavement . he quickly move across the street and look ... a key , drop from above . he look up to the shutter and smile , then snatch up the key and hurry off . 26 int . johanna's room -- morning 26 peer through the shutter , johanna watch he go . we linger on she face and then dissolve to another face , also watch ... page 37 . 27 int . barber shop -- morning 27 ... her father . Todd 's face , stare out the window , intense and brood . seethe with discontent . Mrs. lovett chatter as she move around behind he : mrs . lovett ... it 's not much of a chair , I will grant , but it will serve . be I poor Albert 's chair . Sat in it all day long he do , after he leg give out from the gout , poor dear . he move from the window and pace like a cage tiger in the small barber shop . though it have be clean , it be still a spartan room . a tatty parlor chair . a large chest . a few counter with meager bottle of tonsorial supplies . and he gleam razor , always wait . todd why do not the beadle come ? " before the week be out , " that 's what he say . mrs . lovett and who say the week 's out ? it 's only Tuesday . Todd move away from she , she pursue , try to calm and soothe he ... mrs . lovett easy now . hush , love , hush . do not distress yourself , what 's you rush ? keep you thought Nice and lush . wait . ( he continue to pace ) hush , love , hush . think it through . once it bubbles , then what 's to do ? watch it close . let it brew . wait . he do not respond . she dare to move closer ... ( continued ) page 38 . 27 continued : 27 mrs . lovett I have be think , flower -- maybe daisy -- to brighten up the room . do not you think some flower , pretty daisy , might relieve the gloom ? ah , wait , love , wait . Todd sourly toss himself into the chair , he pick up he large razor and look at it intensely : todd ( to razor ) and the judge ? when will we get to he ? mrs . lovett can not you think of nothing else ? always broodin ' away on yer wrong what happen heaven know how many year ago ... do not you know , silly man , half the fun be to plan the plan ? all good thing come to that who can wait . her gentle word have calm he considerably . she move even closer . risk touch he softly ... mrs . lovett gillyflower , maybe , ` stead of daisy ... I do not know , though ... what do you think ? then Todd tilt the razor in he hand -- suddenly -- the face of the gentleman -- a flash -- reflect in the razor -- then -- a bell ring from outside the shop -- the effect be electric -- Todd bolt up , sense alert -- Mrs. lovett spin to the door -- ( continued ) page 39 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 Todd hold he razor open as he move strategically toward the door -- we hear footstep ascend the stair outside quickly -- then -- Anthony enter , breathless -- ANTHONY Mr. Todd ! thank God I have find you -- ( Todd turn , close the razor , as Anthony see Mrs. lovett ) ... oh , I be sorry , excuse I ... mrs . lovett Mrs. lovett , sir . ANTHONY a pleasure , mar 'am -- ( continue to Todd ) -- you see , there 's a girl who need my help -- such a sad girl , and lonely , but beautiful too and -- todd slow down , Anthony . ANTHONY ( take a breath ) yes , I be sorry ... this girl have a guardian so tyrannical that he keep she lock away . but then this morning she drop this ... ( produce the key ) ... it must be a sign that johanna want I to help she -- that 's she name , johanna -- and turpin that of she guardian . a judge of some sort ... Todd and Mrs. lovett exchange a quick glance as Anthony continue : ANTHONY ... I have meet he , Mr. Todd , and he be - - unnatural ... once he go to court , I be go to slip into the house and release she -- and beg she to come away with I . tonight . mrs . lovett oh , this be all terribly romantic . ( continued ) page 40 . 27 continued : ( 3 ) 27 ANTHONY yes , but -- you see -- I do not know anyone in London -- ( to Todd ) -- and I need somewhere safe to bring she till I have hire a coach to take we to plymouth . he look at Todd deeply : ANTHONY if I could keep she here , just for a hour or two , I would forever be in you debt . Todd stare at he , he mind racing to figure out how this new twist might aid in he plan . it be Mrs. lovett who smoothly reply : mrs . lovett bring she here , dear . ANTHONY thank you , mar 'am ... ( to Todd ) ... Mr. Todd ? a beat . todd the girl may come . ANTHONY ( take he hand ) thank you , my friend . he go . mrs . lovett seem like the fate be favor you at last , Mr. T. ( Todd grunt , unhappy ) what be it , love ? you will have she back before the day be out . todd for a few hour ? before he carry she off to the other end of England ? ( continued ) page 41 . 27 continued : ( 4 ) 27 mrs . lovett oh , he ? let he bring she here and then , since you be so hot for a little -- ( make a throat - cut gesture ) -- that 's the throat to slit , dear . Todd move again to he post at the window , he stare out , deep in think . meanwhile , she happily move around the shop , straighten thing up and try to make it all a bit more cozy : mrs . lovett poor little johanna . all that year without a scrap of motherly affection . well , we will soon see to that ... todd ( alert , see something ) what 's this ? Mrs. lovett join he at the window . below , they see pirelli approach with Toby in tow . mrs . lovett look at that face , he 's up to mischief . todd go -- keep the boy below with you . she nod and scurries out . we go with she ... 28 ext . pie shop -- day 28 ... Mrs. lovett quickly move down the step outside the barber shop to greet pirelli and Toby as they be about to ascend . we see a new sign on the stair : " sweeney Todd 's tonsorial parlor . " pirelli signora , be Mr. Todd at home ? mrs . lovett ply he trade upstairs , do n'tcher know ... ( she stand on the staircase , block they way , look at Toby ) ( more ) ( continued ) page 42 . 28 continued : 28 mrs . lovett ( cont would ) ... would you look at it , now ! do not look like it 's have a kind word since half past never ! toby ma'am ...? mrs . lovett ( to pirelli ) you would not mind if I give he a nice juicy meat pie , would yer ? pirelli ( impatient ) yes , yes , whatever you like . pirelli climb the stair , as she take Toby by the hand and lead he toward the pie shop door : mrs . lovett come with I now . you tooth be strong , I hope ? they go into the pie shop . 29 int . barber shop -- day 29 Todd be stand , arm fold . wait . pirelli enter . pirelli Mr. Todd . todd signor pirelli . pirelli ( reverting to he natural irish ) call I Danny . Daniel higgins ' the name when it 's not professional ... I would like I five quid back , if and ya do not mind . todd why ? pirelli because you enter into we little wager on false pretense , I friend ... and so you might remember to be more forthright in the future , you ' will be hand over half you profit to I , share and share alike ... ( continued ) page 43. 29 continued : 29 Todd shake he head , amused , and begin to turn away when pirelli say : pirelli ... Mr. Benjamin barker . Todd freeze . 30 int . pie shop -- day 30 Mrs. lovett hand Toby one of she grisly pie , he devour eagerly . mrs . lovett that 's my boy , tuck in . but she attention be almost entirely on the roof above ... the muffle voice .... the sound of shoe walk ... her eye keep darting up as she chatter distractedly with Toby : mrs . lovett like to see a man with a healthy appetite . remind I of my dear Albert , like to gorge himself to bloatation , he do . he do not have you nice full head though -- toby to tell the truth -- ( he pull off the wig which cover he own short - cropped hair ) -- it get awful hot . 31 int . barber shop -- day 31 pirelli be expansively strolling around the shop , take it all in , savore every second : pirelli ... yes , this will do very nicely ... you do not remember I . well , why should you ? I be just a down and out irish pug you hire for a couple of week -- sweeping up hair and the like -- ( he pick up one of Todd 's razor ) but I remember this -- and how could I ever forget you , Benjamin barker ? ( more ) ( continued ) page 44 . 31 continued : 31 pirelli ( cont would ) I would sit right there and watch you , and dream of the day I could be a proper barber meself ... you might say you be a inspiration to I . Todd glare at he . pirelli so , do we have a deal , or should I run down the street for I pal beadle bamford ? what do you say to that now , Mr. sweeney t--? without a word of warning -- like a thunderbolt -- Todd be on he . he leap across the shop and brutally grab pirelli by the neck -- violently strangling he -- pirelli be surprisingly strong and put up a desperate struggle -- they thump awkwardly around the shop -- 32 int . pie shop -- day 32 Mrs. lovett hear the muffle sound of the struggle above . she nervously begin to shift and clang some thing around as she clean the counter , try to cover the sound , chatter : mrs . lovett my my my , always work to be do . spic - and - span , that 's my motto . cleanliness be next to whatever - it - be . so , ah , how do you end up with that dreadful eyetalian ? toby ( still eat happily ) get I from the workhouse 'e do . be there since I be bear . get no mum , get nobody . a waste soul , that 's what I be -- ( a sudden , urgent think ) -- oh God ! he 's get a appointment with he tailor -- he bolt up , clearly terrify of pirelli -- toby if he 's late , he will blame I --! ( continued ) page 45 . 32 continued : 32 mrs . lovett wait --! but he be go -- 33 ext . pie shop -- day 33 Toby vault up the stair to the barber shop -- 34 int . barber shop -- day 34 Todd be stand calmly when Toby burst in -- toby signor , you get a appointment ... he stop when he realize pirelli be nowhere to be see . todd signor pirelli have be call away . you better run after he . toby oh no , sir . I better wait for he here or it will be a lash . he 's a great one for the lashing . he move past Todd to the large chest and sit -- only now do we see one of pirelli 's hand protrude from the chest , dangle limply . Toby do not notice it . Todd at this moment , however , do . he smile nervously . todd so , hmmm , Mrs. lovett give you a pie , do she ? toby she 's a real lady . model of all true Christian virtue . then pirelli 's hand ... twitches . Toby do not notice . Todd do , stare at it anxiously . todd that she be ... that she be . but if I know a grow boy , there 's still room for some more pie , eh ? ( continued ) page 46 . 34 continued : 34 toby I would say , sir -- ( pat he stomach ) -- a aching void . pirelli 's hand begin to twitch more desperately now , perilously close to where Toby 's hand rest ... todd then why do not you run downstairs and wait for you master there ? there will be another pie in it for you , I be sure ... pirelli 's hand be twitching closer to Toby 's now ... toby no , I should stay here . todd ( a sudden inspiration ) I know -- why do not you tell Mrs. lovett I say to give you a nice big tot of gin ? toby ( leap up ) gin , sir ?! thanking you kindly , sir ! you be a Christian indeed ! he race out happily and clatter down the stair . a beat as Todd get he breath . then he go to the trunk , lean down to open it , the camera follow he down and up again , when he rise -- the gentleman be stand right behind he ! Todd turn . the gentleman 's face be completely impassive . he be not spectral . he do not disappear . he just stand there . Todd look at he . then the gentleman 's eye slowly move to a counter ... Todd follow he look to see ... his large razor . a long beat as Todd look at the razor . ( continued ) page 47 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 the point of no return . Todd stride to the razor and he snap it open with a sharp , quick flick of he wrist -- then he move to the chest and -- with great ferocity he haul pirelli up -- pirelli 's eye snap open -- and Todd slashes he throat -- the pierce factory whistle scream -- Todd remain stand over pirelli as the painful whistle echoe into music ... we see that the gentleman be still stand there , watch Todd ... gentleman his hand be quick , he finger strong . it stung a little but not for long . the dash Oxford Student be now lean against a wall , arm fold , look at Todd ... student and that who think he a simple clod be soon reconsider under the sod ... the Tourist stand by the window ... tourist consign there with a friendly prod from sweeney Todd , the demon barber of fleet Street . gentleman , student and tourist see you razor gleam , sweeney , feel how well it fit as it float across the throat of hypocrite . the last word echoe to silence as we cut to : a high - angle shot of the room . the ghost be go . Todd stand alone over pirelli 's body . blood drip from he razor . drip. drip. drip . page 48 . 35 int . old bailey -- day 35 judge turpin lurk over the proceedings . he sit , the personification of power , very high at the bench . he glare down a waste wretch of a boy . the beadle stand next to the boy . judge this be the second time , sir , that you have be bring before this bench . though it be my earnest wish to ever temper justice with mercy , you persistent dedication to a life of crime be a abomination before God and man . he place a black cloth on he head : judge I therefore sentence you to hang by the neck until you be dead and may the Lord have mercy on you soul . the wretch boy collapse in sob . the beadle be pleased with the verdict . the judge remove the black cloth and toss it casually on he desk : judge this court be adjourned . 36 ext . -- STREET -- outside the old bailey -- day 36 the judge and the beadle walk away from the impressive edifice of the Old Bailey . beadle thank you , you honor . just the sentence we want . judge be he guilty ? beadle well , if he do not do it , he 's surely do something to warrant a hang . judge ( quietly ) what man have not ? ( continued ) page 49 . 36 continued : 36 beadle Sir ? judge no matter -- come , walk home with I . I have news for you , my friend . in order to shield she from the evil of this world , I have decide to marry my dear johanna . beadle ah , sir , happy news indeed . judge strange , though , when I offer myself to she she show a certain ... reluctance . the beadle proceed with exquisite and obsequious delicacy : beadle Excuse I , my lord , May I request , my lord , permission , my lord , to speak ? forgive I if I suggest , my lord , you be look less than you best , my lord , there 's powder upon you vest , my lord . and stubble upon you cheek , and lady , my lord , be weak . as they round a corner , the judge feel he chin : judge stubble , you say ? perhaps at time I be a little overhasty with my morning ablution ... beadle ( cheerily ) fret not though , my lord , I know a place , my lord , a barber , my lord , of skill . thus armed with a shaven face , my lord , some eau de cologne to brace my lord and musk to enhance the chase , my lord , you will dazzle the girl until she bow to you every will . judge a barber , eh ? take I to he . ( continued ) page 50 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 beadle I be honore , my lord . his name be Todd ... sweeney Todd . and he be the very last word in barberin' . they head off . 37 int . pie shop -- day 37 Mrs. lovett be pour Toby a glass of gin , not he first . he gulp down the gin between ravenous bite of another meat pie as she nervously glance up to the ceiling , wonder what the hell be go on up there . mrs . lovett you ought to slow down a bit , lad . it will go to you head . toby wean on the stuff , I be . they use to give it to we at the workhouse , so 's we could sleep . not that you would ever want to sleep in that place , mar 'am . not with the thing wot happen in the dark . mrs . lovett that 's nice , dear ... I think I will just pop in on Mr. Todd for a tick . you will be all right here ? toby leave the bottle . she go . 38 int . barber shop -- day 38 Mrs. lovett enter . Todd be methodically clean he razor . mrs . lovett gawd , the lad be drink I out of house and home , how long until pirelli get back ? todd he will not be back . mrs . lovett ( instantly suspicious ) Mr. T. , you do not ! ( continued ) page 51 . 38 continued : 38 he casually point the razor toward the chest . she lift the lid and see pirelli 's body at the bottom of the chest . mrs . lovett ( spin on Todd ) you be bark mad ! killing a man wot do you no harm ! todd he recognize I from the old day . he try to blackmail I -- half my earning . mrs . lovett ( relieved ) oh well , that 's a different matter ! for a moment there I think you would lose you marble ! she look into the chest again . mrs . lovett ooooh ! all that blood ! enough to make you come all over gooseflesh , be not it ? poor bugger . oh , well . she start to close the chest , then have a idea . she reach in and rummages around the body . pull out pirelli 's chatelaine purse , then drop the lid of the chest . mrs . lovett ( look through purse ) Three quid ! well , waste not , want not , I always say ... ( she tuck the purse into she dress ) ... now what be we go to do about the boy ? todd send he up . she stop , look at he . mrs . lovett oh , we do not need to worry about he , he 's a simple thing . I will pawn he off with some story . ( continued ) page 52 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 todd ( cold ) send he up , woman . mrs . lovett ( quickly ) now , Mr. T. , surely one 's enough for today . do not want to indulge yourself , after all ... ( she busily start to straighten up the room ) ... ' side , I be think about hire a lad to help around the shop , I poor knee not be what they use to be . Todd sigh and move to he familiar post at the window : todd anything you say . mrs . lovett ' course we will have to stock up on the gin , the boy drink like a barbary sailor -- Todd suddenly gasp -- a great , shocking intake of breath as he whole body tense like iron -- Mrs. lovett spin to he -- todd the judge . Mrs. lovett hurry to the window -- below , they can see the judge and the beadle approach . they see they exchange a few word and then the beadle move off as the judge approach the shop -- Todd whisper , he eye blaze : todd justice ... justice . Mrs. lovett give he a quick kiss and then very quickly leave . a beat as Todd prepare himself . he turn from the window and look around the shop , shifting nervously . now that he great moment of revenge be at hand , he do not quite know what to do with himself . ( continued ) page 53. 38 continued : ( 3 ) 38 he snatch up he large razor , coil by the door , ready to attack . no . he want to savor this . he quickly move and put the razor down . finally he just stand . all he demon settling into a bizarre sort of calm . he hear the judge 's footstep approach on the stair . then the judge enter . judge Mr. Todd ? Todd slowly turn : todd at you service ... a honor to receive you patronage , my lord . judge you know I , sir ? todd ( a polite bow ) who in this wide world be not familiar with the honore judge turpin ? the judge grunt and glance around the shop : judge this premise be hardly prepossess and yet the beadle tell I you be the most accomplish of all the barber in the city . todd that be gracious of he , sir ... ( indicate for the judge to sit ) ... sit , if you please , sir . sit. the judge settles into the parlor chair as music begin ... todd and what may I do for you today , sir ? a stylish trimming of the hair ? a soothing skin massage ? judge you see , sir , a man infatuate with love , her ardent and eager slave . so fetch the pomade and pumice stone and lend I a more seductive tone , ( continued ) page 54 . 38 continued : ( 4 ) 38 a sprinkle perhaps of french cologne , but first , sir , I think -- a shave . todd the close I ever give . he whip a sheet over the judge , then tuck the bib in . the judge hum , flick imaginary dust off the sheet ; Todd whistle gaily . judge you be in a merry mood today , Mr. Todd . todd ( mixing lather ) ' tis you delight , sir , catch fire from one man to the next . judge ' tis true , sir , love can still inspire the blood to pound , the heart leap higher . both what more , what more can man require -- judge than love , sir ? todd more than love , sir . judge what , sir ? todd woman . judge ah yes , woman . todd pretty woman . the judge hum jauntily , Todd whistle and start stropping he razor rhythmically . he then lather the judge 's face . still whistling , Todd stand back to survey the judge , who be now totally relaxed , eye close . Todd go to he razor and pick it up , sing to it gently : ( continued ) page 55 . 38 continued : ( 5 ) 38 todd now then , my friend . now to you purpose . patience , enjoy it . revenge can not be take in haste . judge ( open he eye ) make haste , and if we wed , you will be commend , sir . todd my lord ... ( go to he ) and who , may it be say , be you intend , sir ? judge my ward . a shocked tremor through Todd -- as the judge close he eye again and settles in comfortably ... judge and pretty as a rosebud . the music rise ... todd pretty as she mother ? judge ( mildly puzzle ) what ? what be that ? todd oh , nothing , sir . nothing . May we proceed ? the music build as he step behind the judge - - he razor ready -- we be sure the great moment have come -- the music still build -- Todd finally put the razor at the judge 's throat -- then -- with a easy flick of he wrist , he just begin to shave the judge , as : todd pretty woman ... fascinating ... sipping coffee , Dancing ... ( continued ) page 56 . 38 continued : ( 6 ) 38 pretty woman be a wonder . pretty woman . sitting in the window or stand on the stair , something in they cheer the air . pretty woman ... judge silhouett ... todd stay within you ... judge glancing ... todd stay forever ... judge breathe lightly ... todd pretty woman ... both pretty woman ! blow out they candle or comb out they hair ... they sing simultaneously : judge then they leave ... even when they leave you and vanish , they somehow can still remain there with you , there with you . todd even when they leave , they still be there . they be there . both ah , pretty woman ... ( continued ) page 57 . 38 continued : ( 7 ) 38 todd at they mirror ... judge in they garden ... todd letter-write ... judge flower-pick ... todd weather -watch ... both how they make a man sing ! proof of heaven as you be live -- pretty woman , sir ! the music approach a feverish crescendo as Todd prepare to finally kill the judge and they sing simultaneously : judge pretty woman , yes ! pretty woman , sir ! pretty woman ! pretty woman , sir ! todd pretty woman , here 's to pretty woman , all the pretty woman -- just as the music reach a climax , Todd raise he arm in a huge arc and be about to slash the judge 's throat when -- suddenly -- Anthony burst in -- ANTHONY Mr. Todd ! I have see johanna ! she say she will leave with I tonight --! the judge jump up , away from Todd -- judge you ! -- there be indeed a higher power to warn I thus in time -- he tear off the sheet as he advance savagely on Anthony : ( continued ) page 58 . 38 continued : ( 8 ) 38 judge johanna elope with you ? deceive slut ! -- I will lock she up in some obscure retreat where neither you nor any other vile creature shall ever lay eye on she again --! he spin with venom to Todd : judge and as for you , barber , it be all too clear what company you keep . service they well and hold they custom -- for you will have none of mine . he stride out . Todd stand , freeze . ANTHONY Mr. Todd -- you have to help I -- I have talk to johanna and --! Todd suddenly turn on he with a ferocious roar : todd out ! out , I say ! utterly stunne at he friend 's ferocity , Anthony back away , leave the shop . Music begin , very agitate , as Todd stand motionless . in shock . his mind crack apart . Mrs. lovett hurry in : mrs . lovett all this shouting and run about , what 's happen --? todd I have he -- and then -- mrs . lovett the sailor bust in , I know , I see they both run down the street and I say -- Todd interrupt wildly : ( continued ) page 59 . 38 continued : ( 9 ) 38 todd I have he ! his throat be bare beneath my hand --! mrs . lovett there , there , dear . do not fret -- todd ( spin on she violently ) no , I have he ! his throat be there , and he will never come again ! mrs . lovett easy now . hush , love , hush . I keep tell you -- todd when ?! mrs . lovett what 's you rush ? todd why do I wait ? you tell I to wait ! now he will never come again ... the music become ferocious as Todd 's wrenching insanity , always close to the surface , finally explode : todd there 's a hole in the world like a great black pit and it 's fill with people who be fill with shit and the vermin of the world inhabit it -- but not for long ! he suddenly look to Mrs. lovett -- she start back -- alarmed by the pure madness in he eye -- todd they all deserve to die ! tell you why , Mrs. lovett , tell you why : because in all of the whole human race , Mrs. lovett there be two kind of man and only two . there 's the one stay put in he proper place ( continued ) page 60 . 38 continued : ( 10 ) 38 and the one with he foot in the other one 's face -- look at I , Mrs. lovett , look at you -- he suddenly lurch and grab Mrs. lovett tightly -- todd no , we all deserve to die ! even you , Mrs. lovett , even i. because the life of the wick should be -- ( slashes at the air violently ) make brief . for the rest of we , death will be a relief -- we all deserve to die ! he clutches she to he very tightly as he suddenly keens , a howl of pure agony : todd and I will never see johanna , no , I will never hug my girl to I -- he hurl Mrs. lovett away from he -- todd finish ! we suddenly slash to -- 39 ext . STREET -- day 39 -- in Todd 's mind . we be move with he as he stalk relentlessly , hold he razor , stride down a busy street like a tiger . the many pedestrian he pass do not even notice he . he be invisible to they , a wolf among the sheep , as he beckon -- todd all right ! you , sir , how about a shave ? come and visit you good friend , sweeney --! page 61 . 40 ext . another STREET -- day 40 Todd continue to stride , beckone to another man : todd you , sir , too , sir -- welcome to the grave ! I will have vengeance , I will have salvation ! 41 ext . another STREET -- day 41 Todd continue to stride , beckone to another man : todd who , sir ? you , sir ? no one 's in the chair -- come on , come on , sweeney 's wait ! I want you bleeder ! 42 ext . another STREET -- day 42 Todd continue to stride , beckone to another man : todd you , sir -- anybody ! gentlemen , now do not be shy ! not one man , no , nor ten man , nor a hundred can assuage I -- I will have you ! 43 ext . another STREET -- day 43 Todd continue to prowl ... todd and I will get he back even as he gloat . in the meantime I will practice on less honorable throat -- 44 ext . another STREET -- day 44 Todd suddenly fall to he knee , keen in anguish -- todd and my Lucy lie in ash and I will never see my girl again , but the work wait , I be alive at last ( continued ) page 62 . 44 continued : 44 ( a final exalt cry ) and I be full of jooooooy !! he raise he razor high on the soar last note as we pull back ... we view be suddenly obscure by a strange , frenzied flutter of black wing ... we continue to pull back ... we discover the black wing be pigeon , thousand of they , fly up in a great cloud ... we continue to pull back to finally discover that Todd be kneel in the heart of a church square ... empty but for he . as he cry end we slash back to -- 45 int . barber shop -- day 45 -- Todd be kneel , sweat pour through he clothes , panting for air . Mrs. lovett stand , look down at he intently . mrs . lovett that 's all very well , but what be we go to do about -- ( kick the chest ) -- the dear depart ? Todd remain kneel , motionless . she go to he , firm : mrs . lovett listen ! do you hear I ? get a hold of yourself ! she slap he cheek -- he look up at she , barely see she . mrs . lovett oh , you great useless thing , come on -- she haul he up and drag he out ... 46 int . pie shop -- day 46 she pull he in . mrs . lovett sit down . he thump down , still in he own dark world . she quickly glance around for Toby and then go into she parlor ... page 63. 47 int . parlor -- day 47 she discover Toby be asleep on the sofa before the fire . she quickly snatch up a bottle of gin from the sideboard and return to the pie shop ... 48 int . pie shop day 48 she pour Todd a tumbler of gin , hand it to he : mrs . lovett there , drink it down -- all the way -- that 's right ... ( he do so ) ... now , we get a body molderin ' away upstairs , what do you intend we should do about that ? todd later on , when it 's dark , we will take he to some secret place and bury he . mrs . lovett well , yes , of course , we could do that . I do not suppose he 's get any relative go to come poke around look for he ... a chord of music . a beat . a idea . he look at she uncomprehendingly . mrs . lovett well , you know I , sometimes bright idea just pop right into my head , and I keep think ... seem a downright shame ... todd shame ? mrs . lovett seem a awful waste ... such a nice plump frame wot 's-his - name have ... have ... have ... nor it can not be trace . Business need a lift -- debt to be erase -- think of it as thrift , ( continued ) page 64 . 48 continued : 48 as a gift ... if you get my drift ... ( Todd have no idea what she be talk about ) no ? ( she sigh ) seem a awful waste . I mean , with the price of meat what it be , when you get it , if you get it -- Todd suddenly understand : todd ah ! mrs . lovett good , you get it . ( she warm to the idea ) take , for instance , Mrs. Mooney and she pie shop . Business never better , use only pussycat and toast . and a pussy 's good for maybe six or Seven at the most . and I be sure they can not compare as far as taste -- todd Mrs. lovett , what a charming notion , the music build as they sing simultaneously : todd eminently practical and yet appropriate as always . Mrs. lovett , how I have live without you all this year I will never know ! how delectable ! also undetectable . how choice ! how rare ! mrs . lovett well , it do seem a waste ... it 's a idea ... think about it ... lot of other gentleman ' will soon be come for a shave , ( continued ) page 65 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 wo not they ? think of all they pies ! a triumphant waltz theme begin : todd for what 's the sound of the world out there ? mrs . lovett what , Mr. Todd , what , Mr. Todd , what be that sound ? todd that crunching noise pervade the air ? mrs . lovett yes , Mr. Todd , yes , Mr. Todd , yes , all around -- todd it 's man devour man , my dear , they sing simultaneously : todd and who be we to deny it in here ? mrs . lovett then who be we to deny it in here ? Music continue under : todd ah , this be desperate time , Mrs. lovett , and desperate measure be call for . she go to the counter and come back with a imaginary pie : mrs . lovett here we be now , hot out of the oven ... she hold the imaginary pie out to he with a sly and wick smile . ( continued ) page 66 . 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 todd what be that ? mrs . lovett it 's priest . have a little priest . todd be it really good ? mrs . lovett Sir , it 's too good , at least . then again , they do not commit sin of the flesh , so it 's pretty fresh . todd ( look at it ) awful lot of fat . mrs . lovett only where it sit . todd have not you get poet or something like that ? mrs . lovett no , you see the trouble with poet be , how do you know it 's decease ? try the priest . todd ( " taste " it ) mmm. heavenly . mrs . lovett not as hearty as bishop , perhaps , but not as bland as curate , either . Mrs. lovett present another imaginary pie : mrs . lovett lawyer 's rather nice . todd if it 's for a price . ( continued ) page 67 . 48 continued : ( 4 ) 48 mrs . lovett order something else , though , to follow , since no one should swallow it twice . todd anything that 's lean . mrs . lovett well , then , if you be british and loyal , you might enjoy Royal Marine . anyway , it 's clean . though , of course , it taste of wherever it 's be . todd ( look past she to imaginary oven ) be that squire on the fire ? mrs . lovett mercy no , sir , look closer , you will notice it 's grocer . todd look thicker . more like vicar . mrs . lovett no , it have to be grocer -- it 's green . Todd laugh as the glorious waltz theme return : todd the history of the world , my love -- mrs . lovett save a lot of grave , do a lot of relative favor ... todd -- be that below serve that up above . mrs . lovett everybody shave , so there should be plenty of flavor ... todd how gratify for once to know -- ( continued ) page 68. 48 continued : ( 5 ) 48 both ( indicate barber shop above ) -- that that above will serve that down below ! the music continue under : mrs . lovett since marine do not appeal to you , how about rear admiral ? todd too salty . I prefer general . mrs . lovett with or without he private ? -- " with " be extra . Todd chortle as Mrs. lovett offer another pie with a particular , flamboyant panache : todd what be that ? mrs . lovett it 's fop . finest in the shop . or we have some shepherd 's pie pepper with actual shepherd on top . and I have just begin . here 's a politician -- so oily it 's serve with a doily -- have one ? todd put it on a bun . ( she look at he quizzically ) well , you never know if it 's go to run . mrs . lovett try the friar . fry , it 's drier . todd no , the clergy be really too coarse and too mealy . mrs . lovett then actor -- that 's compacter . ( continued ) page 69 . 48 continued : ( 6 ) 48 todd yes , and always arrive overdo . ( he be suddenly dark and purposeful ) I will come again when you have judge on the menu ... the music vamp deliciously as : mrs . lovett true , we do not have judge -- yet -- but would you settle for the next best thing ? todd what 's that ? she offer he a butcher 's cleaver : mrs . lovett executioner . he take the cleaver , feel the heft of it . feel good . then he pick up she wooden roll pin , hand it to she , as the music build into the triumphant waltz : todd have charity towards the world , my pet -- mrs . lovett yes , yes , I know , my love -- todd we will take the customer that we can get . mrs . lovett High - bear and low , my love . todd we will not discriminate great from small . no , we will serve anyone -- mrs . lovett we will serve anyone -- both and to anyone at all ! the music build to a climax as they joyously brandish they " weapon . " page 70 . 49 int . johanna's room -- evening 49 small , white hand ... remove some clothes from a drawer ... put they into a portmanteau ... lock the case ... johanna , wear travel clothes , be pack to leave when a voice surprise she : judge so it 's true . she turn . the judge stand in the doorway . johanna Sir ... a gentleman knock before enter a lady 's room . judge indeed he do ... but I see no lady . he enter , dangerously quiet . and terrifically hurt . judge I tell myself the sailor be lie ... I tell myself this be a cruel fiction ... that my johanna would never betray I . never hurt I so . he move toward she . she stand she ground . johanna Sir ... I will leave this place . judge I think that only appropriate . since you no longer find my company to you like , madam , we shall provide you with new lodging . he stand very close to she . still she hold she ground . judge until this moment I have spare the rod ... and the ungrateful child have break my heart . now you will learn discipline ... the large form of the beadle fill the doorway . she glance to he , disquieted . ( continued ) page 71 . 49 continued : 49 judge when you have learn to appreciate what you have , perhaps we shall meet again . until then ... think on you sin . he nod to the beadle -- the beadle surge forward and grab johanna brutally -- she scream and fight like a tiger -- to no avail -- the beadle cover she mouth with one of he huge hand and haul she out -- 50 ext . turpin' mansion -- evening 50 Anthony be racing toward the front of mansion when he see -- a hansom cab be just pull away -- johanna 's terrify face look at he through the window -- ANTHONY johanna ! Anthony see the beadle pull she away from the window as the carriage clatter off -- judge turpin stand on the step of the mansion -- Anthony go to he in a murderous rage : ANTHONY where be you take she ?! tell I or I swear by god--! the judge spin and roar -- a hellish howl that echoe -- judge would you kill I , boy ?! here I stand ! Anthony 's eye burn into the judge -- but he be no killer . he turn and race after the hansom cab . it round a corner and be go . the judge watch as Anthony pursue the cab , disappear around the corner . and we fade to ... 51 ext . fleet STREET -- day 51 ... the face of the beggar woman . ( continued ) page 72 . 51 continued : 51 she sit , crouch on she haunch , peer up from under she few greasy lock of hair . she be watch something intently . a few pedestrian move quickly down the sidewalk past she , excited . they chatter back and forth eagerly ... the beggar woman uncoil and follow ... and we finally see what the beggar woman have be watch so intently ... 52 ext . pie shop -- day 52 Mrs. lovett 's wretch establishment have be transformed ! she have create a modest outdoor eat garden with table , surround by glow chinese lantern . a fresh coat of paint , a few bush in pot and bird in cage add to the feel of upward mobility . a new sign hang proudly over the entrance to the pie shop : " mrs . lovett' world famous meat pie ! " and then in smaller letter : " like mother used to make . " the eat garden be already crowded , the bench at the table be fill and other customer stand and mill about . all eat , eat , eat ... ... the most delicious look meat pie you could ever imagine . crispy crust . thick , luxurious gravy . tart and tangy meat . the customer take great , hungry mouthful ; the steaming gravy ooze down greedy face . chomp . chomp . chomp . the beggar woman stand across the street , ravenously hungry . she finally get the nerve to approach when -- Toby -- wear a spiffy new outfit with apron -- burst from the shop and circulate through the customer : toby lady and gentleman , May I have you attention , perlease ? be you nostril aquiver and tingling as well at that delicate , luscious ambrosial smell ? yes they be , I can tell ... ( continued ) page 73. 52 continued : 52 he move through the greedily eat customer in the outdoor garden and toward the street as : toby well , lady and gentleman , that aroma enrich the breeze be like nothing compare to its succulent source , as the gourmet among you will tell you , of course . he arrive at the street and drum up some more business : toby lady and gentleman , you can not imagine the rapture in store -- ( indicating the pie shop ) just inside of this door ! there you will sample Mrs. lovett 's meat pie , savory and sweet pie , as you will see . you who eat pie , Mrs. lovett 's meat pie conjure up the treat pie use to be ! just then Mrs. lovett sweep from the pie shop with a tray of hot , steaming pie . like she shop , she have be transformed as well . she wear she somewhat gauche notion of a " fancy dress . " bucket of decolletage . and she hair have be dyed a rather unique aubergine color . mrs . lovett Toby ! toby come ! ( push past a customer ) ' scuse I ... mrs . lovett ( indicate a beckone customer ) ale there ! toby right , mum ! mrs . lovett Quick , now ! ( continued ) page 74 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 the customer suddenly exclaim they joy through awkward mouthful of pie : customer God , that 's good ! Toby scurries inside to get a jug of ale , whisk back out and start fill tankard as Mrs. lovett circulate grandly . she be a bundle of activity -- serve pie , collect money , give order , address the patron individually and with equal buoyant insincerity : mrs . lovett Nice to see you , dearie ... how have you be keep ?... cor , I bone be weary ! Toby --! ( indicating a customer ) one for the gentleman ... hear the birdy cheeping -- help to keep it cheery ... she spot the beggar woman approach and respond with unusual ferocity : mrs . lovett Toby ! throw the old woman out ! customer God , that 's good ! Toby shoos the beggar woman away , but she soon come skulking back . mrs . lovett ( continue to customer ) what 's you pleasure , dearie ?... no , we do not cut slice ... cor , I eye be bleary !... ( as Toby be about to pour for a drunken customer ) Toby ! none for the gentleman !... I could up I price -- I be a little leery ... Business could not be better , though -- customer God , that 's good ! ( continued ) page 75 . 52 continued : ( 3 ) 52 mrs . lovett knock on wood . she do . 53 int . barber shop -- day 53 Music continue as Todd work busily . sawing , drilling , screwing , hammer . do something we can not see to he barber chair . make adjustment , tinkering , building , feverish . happy . 54 ext . pie shop -- day 54 Mrs. lovett continue to circulate : mrs . lovett what 's you pleasure , dearie ? ( spill ale ) oops ! I beg you pardon ! just I hand be smeary -- ( spot a freeloader try to sneak out without pay ) Toby ! run for the gentleman ! Toby catch he , collect the money , as Mrs. lovett turn to another customer : mrs . lovett do not you love a garden ? always make I teary ... ( look back at the freeloader ) must be one they foreigner -- customer God , that 's good that be delicious ! mrs . lovett what 's my secret ? ( to a woman ) frankly , dear -- forgive my candor -- family secret , all to do with herb . thing like be careful with you coriander , that 's what make the gravy grander --! the customer be get more rabid now -- stuff in the gorgeous meat pie in great fistful -- ( continued ) page 76 . 54 continued : 54 customer more hot pie ! more hot ! more pie ! 55 int . barber shop -- day 55 Music continue as Todd make the final adjustment to he chair . he stand back . seem delighted with the result of he tinkering . the ratty old parlor chair have be transformed into a sleek , victorian barber chair -- with unique refinement . he leave the barber shop ... 56 ext . pie shop -- day 56 Todd stand at the top of the stair , watch the street hungrily . as , below , Mrs. lovett smile to another customer : mrs . lovett incidentally , dearie , you know Mrs. Mooney . sale have be so dreary -- ( she spot the beggar woman again ) Toby ! ( continue to the customer , about Mrs. Mooney ) -- poor thing be penniless . ( indicating beggar woman to Toby ) what about that loony ? ( to the customer as Toby shoos the beggar woman away again ) lookin ' sort of beery -- oh , well , get she comeuppance -- ( hawklike , to a rise customer ) and that will be thruppence -- and customer God that 's good that be de have you mrs . lovett so she should . customer licious ever taste smell such oh my God what more that 's pie good ! ( continued ) page 77 . 56 continued : 56 mrs . lovett and toby eat they slow and feel the crust , how thin I ( she ) roll it ! eat they slow , ' cos every one 's a prize ! eat they slow , ' cos that 's the lot and now we have sell it ! she hang up a " sold out " sign . mrs . lovett and toby come again tomorrow --! she spot a man in need of a shave approach : mrs . lovett hold it -- customer more hot pie ! mrs . lovett bless my eye --! she see the man go up to the barber shop . Todd be still stand at the top of the stair . he smile secretly to Mrs. lovett as he usher the man in . mrs . lovett Fresh supplies ! the man go into the barber shop as she happily take down the " sold out " sign and turn again to the customer : mrs . lovett how about it , dearie ? ( expect more pie ) be here in a twinkle ! just confirm I theory -- Toby --! God watch over we . do not have a inkling ... positively eerie ... toby ( simultaneous with above ) be that a pie fit for a king , a wondrous sweet and most delectable thing ? you see , mar 'am , why there be no meat pie -- ( continued ) page 78 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 customer ( simultaneous with above ) yum ! yum ! yum ! yum ! yum ! yum ! Mrs. lovett then spot the beggar woman approach again , she spin to Toby with truly shocking viciousness : mrs . lovett Toby ! throw the old woman out ! Mrs. lovett watch intently as Toby lead the beggar woman away . the customer , meanwhile , be building to a pure frenzy of mastication -- chew and gulp and snap at the heavenly pie : customer God , that 's good that be de have you licious ever taste smell such oh my God what perfect more that 's pies such flavor God , that 's good !! the music come to a rouse conclusion as Mrs. lovett stand at the door to she shop . triumphant . 57 int . barber shop -- night 57 Todd be alone . he sit in the barber chair , smoking a pipe . he be hold a old daguerreotype ; crease , stain and bleach - out . the image show he wife , Lucy , smile and hold baby johanna . the child 's feature be almost completely obscure by a stain on the picture . he look at it deeply . then church bell echo in the distance ... 58 ext . mayfair -- night 58 ... the church bell continue as we discover Anthony , search through the street for johanna . we see he in long shot as he move through the contour of the city . ( continued ) page 79 . 58 continued : 58 he start he search in a luxurious area of wealth . his journey through the city will take he lower and lower , into the darkest corner of London . ANTHONY I feel you , johanna , I feel you . do they think that wall can hide you ? even now I be at you window . I be in the dark beside you , buried sweetly in you yellow hair , johanna ... he continue walk ... 59 int . barber shop -- night 59 ... Todd gaze quietly at the daguerreotype : todd johanna ... and be you beautiful and pale , with yellow hair , like she ? I would want you beautiful and pale , the way I have dream you be ... 60 ext . dock -- night 60 ... we see the figure of Anthony , walk along the dock . todd ( v.o. ) johanna ... ANTHONY johanna ... 61 int . barber shop -- day 61 ... Todd shave a customer . we recognize the customer instantly : it be the gentleman . the daguerreotype now rest on the counter . Todd remain wistful , detach , dream-like . todd and if you be beautiful , what then , with yellow hair , like wheat ? I think we shall not meet again -- ( he quietly slit the gentleman 's throat ) my little dove , my sweet ... page 80 . 62 ext . spitalfield market -- day 62 ... we see the figure of Anthony , walk past hang carcass of the busy meat market . todd ( v.o. ) johanna ... ANTHONY I will steal you , johanna ... 63 int . barber shop -- day 63 ... the dead gentleman be slump in the chair . todd Goodbye , johanna , you be go , and yet you be mine . I be fine , johanna , I be fine ! he pull a lever on the newly adjust chair -- the chair become a slide -- and the gentleman disappear through a trapdoor in the floor , down a chute -- Todd pull the lever again and the chair return to its normal position . 64 ext . slum -- day 64 ... we see Anthony move past a crowded tenement , redolent of cholera . ANTHONY johanna ... 65 int . bakehouse step -- dusk 65 ... Music continue as Mrs. lovett descend a long and very claustrophobic series of step down to the bakehouse . she unbolt and pull aside a heavy iron door and enter . we remain outside . a fiery red glow spill out -- the roar of the oven within be thunder . 66 ext . fleet STREET -- dusk 66 ... the beggar woman stand on fleet Street . the hellish metropolis glow , the smoke from a thousand chimney create a great pall over the city . beggar woman ( in a dement rage ) smoke ! smoke ! ( continued ) page 81 . 66 continued : 66 sign of the devil ! sign of the devil ! City on fire ! ( to disgust passer - by ) witch ! witch ! smell it , sir ! a evil smell ! every night at the vesper bell -- smoke that come from the mouth of hell -- City on fire ! City on fire ... ( she begin to scuttle off ) mischief ! mischief ! mischief ... 67 int . barber shop -- dusk 67 ... the red glow of sunset fill the shop as Todd usher in another customer and prepare to shave he : todd and if I never hear you voice , my turtledove , my dear , I still have reason to rejoice : the way ahead be clear ... 68 ext . alley -- dusk 68 ... we see the figure of Anthony move down a dark alley . shadowy figure lurk along the alley wall . todd ( v.o. ) johanna ... ANTHONY I feel you ... johanna ... 69 int . barber shop -- dusk 69 ... Todd continue to prepare to shave the customer : todd and in that darkness when I be blind with what I can not forget -- it 's always morning in my mind , my little lamb , my pet ... 70 ext . graveyard -- dusk 70 ... we see Anthony move past a lonely graveyard . todd ( v.o. ) johanna ... ( continued ) page 82 . 70 continued : 70 ANTHONY johanna ... 71 int . barber shop -- dusk 71 todd you stay , johanna ... ( he quietly cut the customer 's throat ) the way I have dream you be . ( Todd notice dusk outside the window ) oh look , johanna - , ( pull the lever and the customer disappear ) a star ! ( toss the customer 's hat down the chute ) a shoot star ! 72 ext . graveyard -- dusk 72 ... Anthony continue to move past the graveyard . ANTHONY buried sweetly in you yellow hair ... 73 int . bakehouse step -- day 73 ... Music continue as Mrs. lovett emerge from the bakehouse with a rack of hot pie . she walk out of frame , up the step , as we push in on the crack in the door . the fiery roar of the oven within be overpower . 74 ext . fleet STREET -- day 74 ... the beggar woman be scuttling madly along fleet Street . beggar woman ( point to the smoke over rooftop ) there ! there ! somebody , somebody look up there ! ( the passer - by continue to ignore she ) do not I tell you ? smell that air ? City on fire ! she approach the pie shop , the agitate music match she increase frenzy . she grab a stunne Toby -- who be carry some package toward the pie shop : ( continued ) page 83. 74 continued : 74 beggar woman ( panicked ) Quick , sir ! run and tell ! warn them all of the witch 's spell ! there it be , there it be , the unholy smell ! tell it to the beadle and the police as well ! tell them ! tell them ! she spot Mrs. lovett emerge from the pie shop and explode in desperation , point madly : beggar woman help !!! fiend !!! City on fire !!! Toby pull away from she , as she begin to scuttle off : beggar woman City on fire ... mischief ... mischief ... mischief ... fiend ... she appeal to other pedestrian as she go : beggar woman alm ! ... alm ! ... Toby turn to consider the horrible black smoke belching from the chimney of the pie shop . something about the foul , ebony smoke trouble he . 75 int . barber shop -- day 75 ... Todd be stand alone , contemplative , slowly and methodically stropping he razor . todd and though I will think of you , I guess , until the day I die , I think I miss you less and less as every day go by ... 76 ext . limehouse -- day 76 ... we see the figure of Anthony trudging past the sinister opium dens and deprave tavern of the East end . todd ( v.o. ) johanna ... ANTHONY johanna ... page 84 . 77 int . barber shop -- day 77 ... Todd complete shave a customer . the customer 's wife and daughter be wait . todd and you would be beautiful and pale , and look too much like she . if only angel could prevail , we would be the way we be . johanna ... the customer pay . with a pleasant smile , Todd usher they out .. 78 ext . asylum -- night 78 ... Anthony wander past the high and impenetrable wall of a madhouse , the dement soul within can be see move about in silhouette behind bar window . ANTHONY I feel you ... johanna ... something make he stop . he turn to consider the asylum ... 79 int . barber shop -- morning 79 ... Todd shave another customer . a beautiful morning outside the window . todd wake up , johanna ! another bright red day ! ( he slit the customer 's throat ) we learn , johanna , to say ... Goodbye ... as the note continue , he pull the lever and the customer disappear down the chute ... 80 ext . asylum -- morning 80 ... Anthony stare up at the asylum . ANTHONY I will steal you ... page 85 . 81 int . barber shop -- morning 81 ... as the music conclude , Todd pick up the fade daguerreotype and again sit in he barber chair . he gaze at the picture , lose in revery . 82 ext . hampstead heath -- day 82 Mrs. lovett and Todd rest on a picnic blanket , just like any other couple out enjoy the fine day . the remain of a nice picnic lunch be scattered around they and Toby can be see fly a kite a bit away . Mrs. lovett watch happy couple move about ... dog and kid run hither and yon ... military officer squiring they lady ... nurse with pram ... Todd be distinctly ill at ease , brood , as she chatter : mrs . lovett ... which be not to say we could not get some nice taxidermy animal to bring a touch of gentility to the place . you know , a boar 's head or two ... ( glance at the unresponsive Todd ) Mr. T. , be you listen to I ? todd of course . mrs . lovett then what do I just say ? todd ( back in he somber reflection ) there must be a way to the judge ! mrs . lovett ( snap ) the bloody old judge ! always harping on the bloody old judge ! ( she massage he neck ) we get a nice respectable business now , money come in regular and -- since we be careful to pick and choose -- only stranger and such like wot will not be miss -- who 's go to catch on ? ( continued ) page 86 . 82 continued : 82 no response from Todd . she lean across and peck he on the cheek : mrs . lovett oooh , Mr. Todd -- ( kiss he again ) I be so happy -- ( again ) I could -- ( again ) eat you up , I really could ! you know what I would like to do , Mr. Todd ? ( kiss he ) what I dream -- ( again ) if the business stay as good , where I would really like to go -- ( no response ) in a year or so ... ( no response ) do not you want to know ? todd ( could not care less ) of course . mrs . lovett do you really want to know ? todd ( force a pain smile ) yes , yes , I do , I do . the music continue as she lean back comfortably , beginning to imagine a wonderful , domestic future ... mrs . lovett I have always have this dream of live at the seaside ... I get a picture postcard from I aunt nettie once . oh , it seem like such a grand place ... ( note Toby fly he kite ) and all that fresh aquatic air 's bound to be good for the lad 's poxy lung ... by the sea , Mr. Todd , that 's the life I covet ; by the sea , Mr. Todd , ooh , I know you would love it ! you and I , Mr. T. , we could be alone ( continued ) page 87 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 in a house wot we would almost own down by the sea ... todd ( grumble ) anything you say . mrs . lovett would not that be smash ? and we go to ... 83 ext . beach -- day 83 ... in Mrs. lovett 's mind . she and Todd sit in the exact same position as in hampstead heath . only now they be sit on a beach . they be wear what she imagine as fashionable seaside bathing clothes . Toby , who be not consumptively pale but overly rosy - cheek in she fantasy , be building a sandcastle nearby . Mrs. lovett be sit with she dream Todd , of course , so he have a bland smile on he face . somewhat unnatural . in fact , there be something vaguely unreal and stilted about all of this . mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) with the sea at we gate , we will have kippere herring wot have swum to we straight from the Straits of bering . every night in the kip when we be through we kipper , I will be there slippin ' off you slipper by the sea ... with the fishies splash . by the sea ... would not that be smash ? down by the sea -- todd ( v.o. ) anything you say , anything you say . page 88. 84 ext . boardwalk -- day 84 Mrs. lovett stroll with Todd on a boardwalk . artificially lovely couple , like rotogravure magazine picture , move about . Toby run along ahead of they . mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) I can see we waking , the breaker break , the seagull squawk : hoo ! hoo ! I do I baking , then I go walk with yoo-hoo ... ( she wave to Toby ) yoo-hoo ... 85 ext . boardwalk -- day 85 Mrs. lovett and Todd recline on comfortable deck chair , have tea and scone . mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) I will warm I bone on the esplanade have tea and scone with I gay young blade ... 86 ext . seaside cottage , porch -- day 86 Mrs. lovett 's notion of a fashionable little seaside cottage . crush in its bourgeois blandness . she be make Toby try on a sweater . Todd be write a letter . mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) then I will knit a sweater while you write a letter ... 87 ext . beach -- day 87 back on the beach , she cuddle into Todd : mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) ( coyly ) unless we get better to do -hoo ... todd ( v.o. ) anything you say ... page 89 . 88 int . seaside cottage -- night 88 Mrs. lovett and Todd snuggle into bed : mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) think how snug it will be underneath we flannel when it 's just you and I and the English Channel ... 89 int . seaside cottage -- evening 89 Mrs. lovett and Todd entertain some unnaturally jolly chum . mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) in we cozy retreat , kept all neat and tidy , we will have chum over every Friday ... 90 ext . beach -- day 90 back on the beach . mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) by the sea ... todd ( v.o. ) anything you say ... Toby pull Mrs. lovett over to examine he little sandcastle as : mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) do not you love the weather by the sea ? we will grow old together by the seaside , ( beckon to Todd to join they ) hoo ! hoo ! by the beautiful sea ! Music continue as Todd join they . he kneel with Toby to help he work on the sandcastle . Mrs. lovett stand , watch they , the picture of the dote mother . mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) it will be so quiet that who will come by it except a seagull ? hoo ! hoo ! we should not try it , ( continued ) page 90 . 90 continued : 90 though , till it 's legal , for two-hoo ! 91 int . seaside chapel -- day 91 Mrs. lovett and Todd get marry . this be she fantasy , after all , she wear white . Todd be in a constrict morning coat with a rakish top hat . Toby , the best man , watch proudly . mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) but a seaside wedding could be devise , I rumple bedding legitimize . they exchange vow and kiss . mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) my eyelid will flutter , I will turn into butter , the moment I mutter " I do -hoo ! " 92 int . seaside cottage -- morning 92 Mrs. lovett be place a plate of kipper on the table amidst a proper English breakfast . a guest stand , lean against a wall , wait to eat . mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) by the sea , in we nest , we could share we kipper with the odd pay guest from the weekend tripper , have a nice sunny suite for the guest to rest in -- a dark shape quickly move past the guest -- Todd -- then the guest slide down the wall -- a splash of blood on the wallpaper - mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) now and then , you could do the guest in -- 93 ext . beach -- sunset 93 back at the beach , Mrs. lovett , Todd and Toby sit comfortably . watch a unnaturally gorgeous sunset . a picture postcard of a happy family . ( continued ) page 91 . 93 continued : 93 mrs . lovett ( v.o. ) by the sea . married nice and proper , by the sea -- bring along you chopper to the seaside , hoo ! hoo ! by the beautiful sea ! the music conclude as she throw she arm affectionately around she two man . we cut back to -- 94 ext . hampstead heath -- day 94 -- Mrs. lovett be sit in the exact same position with Todd . silence . her smile fade as she consider he . the grim , brood reality be so clear next to she lovely dream . she watch he in silence as we fade to ... 95 int . barber shop -- morning 95 Todd be stand at he usual post , the window , gaze intently down at fleet Street . Mrs. lovett enter with a tray of food : mrs . lovett bring you some breakfast , dear , farm fresh egg and a dollop of lovely clotted cream , only the best for my ... she stop when he realize he be not even listen to she . her heart sink see he at the window , wear he obsession like a cloak . a beat as she look at he . mrs . lovett Mr. T. , might I ask you a question ? todd ( not turn ) mm ? mrs . lovett what do you Lucy look like ? he turn to she . ( continued ) page 92 . 95 continued : 95 mrs . lovett you hear I ... ( a beat ) ... can not really remember can you ? todd she have yellow hair . he turn back to the window . Mrs. lovett proceed with great sincerity : mrs . lovett you have get to leave all this behind you now . she 's go ... you keep look down into the grave , you be never gonna look up . and life will just pass right by ... life be for the alive , my dear . he do not answer . mrs . lovett we could have a life we two ... maybe not like I dream , maybe not like you remember ... but we could get by . he do not answer . mrs . lovett come away from the window . a long beat . he finally turn from the window . almost as if to leave he demon behind ... she smile quietly and hold out she hand ... she begin to cross to he ... suddenly revealing -- the gentleman ! stand right behind Mrs. lovett -- he be glaring at Todd , relentless and accusatory -- blood pour from he throat -- a shocking horror movie vision -- ( continued ) page 93. 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 then the bell ring outside the shop ... Todd turn ... the gentleman be go ... we hear footstep climb the stair ... Mrs. lovett remain stand , she hand out to he , as -- Anthony enter , absolutely exhaust . ANTHONY Mr. Todd ... Mrs. lovett , mar 'am ... ( sink into a chair ) ... seem I have not sleep in a week -- but it 's do -- todd what be it , Anthony ? ANTHONY ( bitter ) he have she lock in a madhouse . Todd 's head snap to Anthony , rivete : todd you have find johanna ? ANTHONY for all the good it will do -- it 's impossible to get to she . Todd begin pace , the tiger again , he mind be racing -- todd a madhouse ... a madhouse ... where ? ANTHONY fogg 's asylum . but I have circle the place a dozen time . there 's no way in . it 's a fortress . Anthony fade to a brood silence as Todd continue pace , think , think . Mrs. lovett watch he , concerned . Todd suddenly stop ... we see he settling into a inspire sort of calm , as if he can finally see the Promised land . todd ( a whisper ) I have get he . ANTHONY Mr. Todd ? ( continued ) page 94 . 95 continued : ( 3 ) 95 todd ( to Anthony ) we have get she ... where do you suppose all the wigmaker of London go to obtain they human hair ? bedlam . they get they hair from the lunatic at bedlam -- ANTHONY I do not understand -- Todd suddenly grab Anthony and haul he up -- hold he close , forehead to forehead -- he whisper intensity truly disturbing : todd we shall set you up as a wigmaker in search of hair -- that will gain you access -- then you will take she . ANTHONY yes ... todd you will not be deterr -- you will slaughter the world -- to bring she here . ANTHONY yes . Mrs. lovett watch , troubled , as Todd embrace Anthony closely . he hold he for a long beat . then Todd be all action , hurry to get some money and give it to Anthony , as : todd go and outfit yourself properly -- you be to be a gentleman wigmaker . when you return we shall dispatch a letter to this Mr. fogg announce you arrival . go -- quickly now ! ANTHONY ( clasp Todd 's hand ) Mr. Todd -- how can I ever --? todd go ! Anthony hurry out . ( continued ) page 95 . 95 continued : ( 4 ) 95 Todd immediately hurl himself into a chair and begin write a letter , he violent scrawl slashing across the page . mrs . lovett dear , I wonder if -- todd fetch the boy . mrs . lovett do not you think it 's time you -- todd fetch the boy . Mrs. lovett go ... 96 ext . pie shop -- morning 96 Mrs. lovett begin go down the stair outside the barber shop . then she stop . she stand for a long moment , disturb that Todd 's demon be again devour he . she look down and see Toby wash the table in the outdoor garden . Toby be serious about he work , vigorously scrubbing the table with soap and water . she watch he for a moment and then continue down the step : mrs . lovett Toby ... Mr. Todd require you . toby yes be . he go up the step . she just stand , deep in think . 97 int . barber shop -- morning 97 Todd be finish the letter as Toby enter : toby Mr. t.? todd ( still write ) you know where the Old Bailey be ? ( continued ) page 96 . 97 continued : 97 toby oh , yes , sir . not that I ever -- todd ( interrupt , fold up letter ) take this there and seek out a judge turpin . repeat that . repeat that . toby go to the Old Bailey . find judge turpin . todd ( hand he letter ) put this into he hand . only to he . do you understand ? toby yes , sir , and while I be out do you mind if I stop by the grocer and pick up the -- Todd pounce like a panther -- he suddenly leap up and grab Toby by the throat with shocking brutality -- todd don't chatter , boy ! you be not to stop ! you be not to speak ! you be to deliver this letter ! do you understand ?! Toby be stunne and terrify . it be the first time he have see this side of he friend , Mr. Todd . Todd release he . Toby race out . Todd immediately begin pace like a cage animal , back and forth , back and forth , whisper to himself neurotically , as day become evening ... 101 ext . pie shop -- evening 101 Toby walk back to the pie shop , upset . he stop when he see Todd at the window above , unblink , gaze like a falcon into the street . he continue on to Mrs. lovett , who be clear up the remain of a meal in the outdoor garden . ( continued ) page 97 . 101 continued : 101 mrs . lovett where you be , lad ? we have quite the luncheon rush ! I poor bone be ready to drop ... ( she look at he , note he dark expression . ) what be it , Toby ? he sit . she sit next to he . toby Mr. Todd send I on a errand ... and on the way back I go by the workhouse . and I be thinkin ' ... but for you I would be there now . or someplace worse . a beat . toby seem like the good Lord send you for I . mrs . lovett oh , love , I feel quite the same way -- toby hear I out , mum ... you know there 's nothing I would not do for you . say , if there be someone around -- someone bad -- only you do not know it -- mrs . lovett ( concerned ) what be this ? what be you talk about ? toby nothing 's gonna harm you , not while I be around . nothing gonna harm you , no , sir , not while I be around ... mrs . lovett what do you mean , " someone bad " ? toby demon be prowling everywhere nowadays . I will send them howling , ( continued ) page 98 . 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 I do not care -- I get way . mrs . lovett darling , hush now , there 's no need for this ... toby no one 's gonna hurt you , no one 's gonna dare . other can desert you -- not to worry -- whistle , I will be there . demon will charm you with a smile for a while , but in time nothing can harm you , not while I be around . Music continue : mrs . lovett what be this foolishness now ? what be you talk about ? toby Little thing wot I be think ... about Mr. Todd ... not to worry , not to worry , I may not be smart but I be not dumb . I can do it , put I to it , show I something I can overcome . not to worry , mum . he lean into she , she put she arm around he , but she expression be deeply troubled . toby be close and be clever ai not like be true , I do not need to , I will not never hide a thing from you , like some . Music continue as she nervously comfort he : mrs . lovett now , Toby dear , have not we have enough of this foolish chatter ? ... ( more ) ( continued ) page 99 . 101 continued : ( 3 ) 101 mrs . lovett ( cont would ) ( reach for she purse ) ... here , how about I give you a shiny new penny and you can fetch we some nice toffee --? she pull pirelli 's chatelaine purse from she dress -- toby that 's signor pirelli 's purse ! mrs . lovett no , no , love -- this be just something Mr. T. give I for my birthday -- toby see that prove it -- what I be thinkin ' -- ( he stand , urgently pull she hand ) we gotta go , mar 'am , right now -- we gotta find the beadle and get the law here -- she pull he down to she again , agitate , she mind racing : mrs . lovett hush now , Toby , hush ... here , you just sit next to I nice and quiet ... ( calming ) ... how could you think such a thing of Mr. Todd , who 's be so good to we ? he calm down a bit as she hold he . and she come to a painful , dreadful decision . mrs . lovett nothing 's gonna harm you , not while I be around . nothing 's gonna harm you , darling , not while I be around . ( he lean into she ) demon will charm you with a smile for a while , but in time nothing 's gonna harm you , not while I be around . the music continue as she hold he . there be tear in she eye . but we see that she gentle song have calm he . ( continued ) page 100 . 101 continued : ( 4 ) 101 mrs . lovett ( softly ) funny we should be have this little chat right now ... ' Cause I be just thinkin ' , you know how you have always fancie come into the bakehouse with I to help make the pie ? toby ( dreamily ) yes , mar 'am . she quickly dry she eye and then turn he to look at she . mrs . lovett ( smile ) well ... no time like the present . 102 int . bakehouse step -- evening 102 Mrs. lovett lead Toby down the claustrophobic , long stairway toward the bakehouse . toby my heart bleed for you havin ' to go up and down all this stair ! mrs . lovett well , that will be you job now . toby yes , mar 'am ! she arrive at the heavy iron door to the bakehouse . we can hear the seismic rumble of the bake oven within . she unbolt the door and usher Toby in . and we finally enter ... 103 int . the bakehouse -- evening 103 a macabre vision of Hell . the roof hang low in this subterranean chamber . the grisly tool of she trade be scattered about the place : a large , stain chopping block ; a meat grinder ; bucket of questionable viscous liquid ; cleaver and bone saw and meat hook ; wet sewer grate for the blood . a metal sheet , hinge at the top , have be attach to cover a open in the wall : the mouth of the chute from the barber shop above . ( continued ) page 101 . 103 continued : 103 and eeriest of all ... the thunder roar of flame come from a large industrial oven against one wall . Toby take in the cavernous bakehouse : toby coo , quite a stink , be not there ? she indicate the sewer grate : mrs . lovett that grate go right down to the sewer and the whiff come up , always a few rat go home to Jesus down there . toby so -- where do I start ?! she lead he across to the thrumm , fiery oven : mrs . lovett now this would be the bake oven ... ten dozen at a time . always be sure the door be close properly , like this . toby ( try to remember it all ) yes be , always close properly . she lead he to the meat grinder : mrs . lovett and here 's the grinder ... ( demonstrate it ) ... you pop in the meat , give it a good grind and it come out here . toby ( practice with the grinder ) good grind , come out there . mrs . lovett that 's my boy . smoothly , smoothly -- now I have get to pop upstairs , back in two shake , all right ? toby yes be . ( continued ) page 102 . 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 she begin to go . he stop she with : toby do you think I might have a pie while I wait ? she turn . he be stand at a rack of cool pie . mrs . lovett as many as you like , son ... as many as you like . she go and shut the door behind she . 104 int . bakehouse step -- evening 104 she lean against the bakehouse door , torment , gasp for air . then she slowly bolt the door . a120 105 int . fogg be asylum -- evening 105 a cacophony of madness . the rag inmate of the asylum be slam together in a series of cramped cell , the low ceiling press down . we discover Anthony , dress as a fashionable wigmaker , walk past the cell with the odious mr . fogg . fogg carry a large pair of scissors . fogg ... oh yes , sir , I agree it would be to we mutual interest to come to some arrangement in regard to my poor child 's hair . he move to one of the cell and unlock it : fogg I keep the blond over here . it be yellow hair you be look for , sir ? ANTHONY yes . fogg go into the crowded cell -- the inmate , all blonde woman , scurry back , clearly terrify of fogg . Anthony see johanna , wear a filthy straitjacket , hunch like a feral animal , cower in a corner of the cell . ANTHONY ( point ) that one have hair the shade I need . ( continued ) page 103 . 105 continued : 105 fogg go to fetch johanna , haul she to Anthony : fogg come , child . smile for the gentleman and you shall have a sweetie . johanna 's eye shoot wide when she see Anthony , but she say nothing . fogg ( prepare scissors ) now , where shall I cut ? before fogg can react -- Anthony pull a revolver from he clothing , grab johanna and push fogg back into the cell . he swing the cell door shut , lock fogg in . ANTHONY not a word , Mr. fogg , or it will be you last ... now , I leave you to the mercy of you " child . " he grab johanna and pull she away . Mr. fogg turn . he be lock in with the blonde inmate . they slowly begin to advance on he . menace . it be likely they be go to rip he limb from limb ... 106 ext . pie shop -- evening 106 Todd and Mrs. lovett be hurry down the stair from the barber shop , urgent . Todd have a razor . mrs . lovett ... I get he lock in -- but if he escape he will go to the law ! todd then he can not escape . mrs . lovett Mr. T. -- I do not know -- maybe we could -- todd the judge will be here soon ! I have no time , woman ! come on --! they turn a corner and walk straight into -- the beadle ! ( continued ) page 104 . 106 continued : 106 mrs . lovett Excuse I , sir ! -- you give I a fright . beadle not my intention , good madam , though I be here on official business . ( elaborately prepare a pinch of snuff ) you see , there 's be complaint . about the stink from you chimney . they say at night , it 's something most foul . Health regulation -- and the general public welfare , naturally -- be my duty , I be afraid I will have to take a look ... ( inhale the snuff , sneeze and daintily wipe he nose ) ... at you bakehouse . todd ( smoothly ) of course ... but first why do not you come upstairs and let I attend to you ? beadle much as I do appreciate tonsorial adornment , I really ought see to my " official " obligation first . todd a admirable sentiment -- but I must ask you , out of professional curiosity you understand , be that a cream or a tallow pomade ? beadle ( touch he hair ) oh , not a pomade at all ! I secret be a touch of ambergris . todd but , sir , hair that delicate require a genuine pomade ! come along , let I show you the difference . beadle ( consider ) well ... you be the expert in this matter ... ( continued ) page 105 . 106 continued : ( 2 ) 106 todd and we will finish you off with a nice facial rub of bay rum . beadle oooh , bay rum be brace . todd and all on the house , for my friend , beadle bamford . beadle well , sir , I take that very kindly ... lead on . todd ( bow ) I be , sir , entirely at you -- ( he eye flit to Mrs. lovett ) -- disposal . he lead the beadle away . Mrs. lovett allow herself a breath . 107 ext . pie shop -- evening 107 from across the street , we see Todd lead the beadle up the stair to the barber shop , chat with he easily . we realize we be see the perspective of the beggar woman , hunch across the street , watch they closely . 108 int . bakehouse -- evening 108 Toby be eat a pie as he slowly wander around the bakehouse . he stop to consider the many stain cleaver and bone saw , curious . then he bite on something hard -- stop -- he reach into he mouth and pull something out . look at it : it be a fingernail . to be exact , it be the severe tip of a finger . Toby drop it in horror and start back -- suddenly , a loud thumping and clanging make he spin , alarmed -- ( continued ) page 106 . 108 continued : 108 as -- the bloody body of the beadle explode suddenly from the mouth of the chute -- Toby scream and race to the door -- pull at it . lock . no use . he bang on the heavy iron door wildly : toby mrs . lovett ! mrs . lovett ! let I out ! mrs . lovett ! the thunder roar from the bake oven seem to rise to match he frenzy as -- in panic , Toby race to the sewer grate , yank it up and disappear down into the sewer as the shrill factory whistle scream and we cut to -- 109 int . barber shop -- evening 109 Todd stand by the chair , he razor high -- his eye blaze -- his face cover in a spray of blood -- lose in rapture . not for long . the gentleman , the banker , the General move into the frame with purpose , impatient . the gentleman flick out he handkerchief and begin to clean the blood off Todd 's face -- he be not gentle , the blood smear -- gentleman the engine roar , the motor hiss , and who could see how the road would twist ...? meanwhile , the banker pull off Todd 's stain barber tunic and hand Todd he jacket -- banker in sweeney 's ledger the entry match : a beadle arrive , and a beadle dispatch ... meanwhile , the General be clean up the blood on the barber chair -- ( continued ) page 107 . 109 continued : 109 general to satisfy the hungry god of sweeney Todd ... gentleman , banker and general the demon barber of fleet ... suddenly -- a sharp cry from across the room -- Todd spin -- other ghost ( o.s. ) sweeney ! gentleman , banker and general ... Street ! Todd see that more and more of the ghastly specter be move around the room -- multiply exponentially -- we see the tourist , the student , the priest and other . they be more intrusive than they have ever be -- touch Todd -- eagerly prepare he for the finale of he drama -- ghost ( variously ) sweeney ! sweeney ! sweeney ! sweeney ! sweeney ! by now the ghost be fully fury , dement and threaten -- ghost sweeney ! sweeeeeeneeeeey ...! the screeching music transform into a strange symphony of inarticulate moan and howl and chant , take we to ... 110 int . sewer -- night 110 ghost ( v.o. ) sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeneeeeeeeeeeeey ... sweeneysweeneysweeneysweeney ... Todd and Mrs. lovett be search for Toby through a horrible catacomb of decaye sewer . Todd carry a razor . they voice echo bizarrely : mrs . lovett Toby ! where be you , love ? todd Toby ! where be you , lad ? ( continued ) page 108 . 110 continued : 110 mrs . lovett nothing 's gonna harm you ... todd Toby ! mrs . lovett not while I be around ... todd Toby ! mrs . lovett nothing 's gonna harm you , darling ... todd nothing to be afraid of boy ... mrs . lovett not while I be around . todd Toby ... mrs . lovett demon be prowling everywhere nowadays ... todd Toby ... Music take we to ... 111 int . barber shop -- night 111 Anthony and johanna hurry into the barber shop . she be now dress as a scruffy boy , a cap hide she hair . she be distract and disturb . ANTHONY Mr. Todd ...? no matter . you wait for he here -- I will return with the coach in less than half a hour ... she gently touch Todd 's collection of razor ... ANTHONY do not worry , darling , in that clothes , no one will recognize you ... you be safe now . ( continued ) page 109 . 111 continued : 111 she pick up the large razor , look at it , a eerie echo of she father . johanna ( darkly ironic ) safe ... so we run away and then all we dream come true ? ANTHONY I hope so ... johanna I have never have dream . only nightmare . ANTHONY johanna ... when we be free of this place all the ghost will go away . she look at he very intensely : johanna no , Anthony , they never go away . he gently touch she face . ANTHONY I will be right back to you ... half a hour and we will be free . he go . she turn to the window , watch he go . her expression be sad : he will never fully comprehend she depth . then she see the beggar woman approach from across the street ... 112 ext . pie shop -- night 112 the beggar woman begin climb the stair to the barber shop : beggar woman beadle ... beadle ... no good hide , I see you ! be you in there still ? 113 int . barber shop -- night 113 johanna hear the beggar woman sing , climb the stair . ( continued ) page 110 . 113 continued : 113 beggar woman ( v.o. ) beadle ... beadle ... johanna look around urgently , see the large chest . she quickly climb into it and shut the lid as -- the beggar woman enter . beggar woman beadle dear , beadle ... the room have a strange effect on she , as if she be vaguely recalling some distant dream . she intone to pretty lullaby music ... beggar woman beadle deedle deedle deedle deedle dumpling , beadle , dumpling , be-deedle dumpling ... suddenly -- without warning -- like a thunderbolt -- Todd leap into the room -- todd what be you do here ?! beggar woman ( clutching at he arm ) ah , evil be here , sir . the stink of evil -- from below -- from she ! ... ( call ) ... beadle dear , beadle ! he look anxiously out the window for the judge : todd be quiet , woman ! beggar woman ( still clutching at he ) she 's the Devil 's wife ! oh , beware she , sir . she with no pity ... ( slow , look at he more closely ) ... in she heart ... todd out of here ! now ! ( continued ) page 111 . 113 continued : ( 2 ) 113 beggar woman ( really peer at he now ) hey , do not I know you , mister ? Todd suddenly see -- the judge ! -- walk toward the shop -- Todd have no time --! the music thunder as -- in one brutal motion -- he swing around and grab he razor - - fiercely slashes she throat -- toss she in the chair -- pull the lever -- she slide through the floor -- he pull the chair back to its normal position just as -- the judge enter . judge where be she ? where 's the girl ? todd below , you honor . with my neighbor . thank heaven the sailor do not molest she . thank heaven , too , she have see the error of she way . judge she have ? todd oh yes , sir , you lesson be well learn . she speak only of you , long for forgiveness . judge then she shall have it . she will be here soon , you say ? the music build , the pace increase : todd I think I hear she now . judge ( excited ) oh , excellent , my friend ! todd be that she dainty footstep on the stair ? judge I hear nothing . ( continued ) page 112 . 113 continued : ( 3 ) 113 todd yes , be not that she shadow on the wall ? judge where ? todd there ! primp , make herself even prettier than usual -- judge even prettier ... todd if possible . judge ( blissful ) ohhhhhhh , pretty woman ! todd pretty woman , yes ... judge ( straighten he coat ) quickly , sir , a splash of bay rum ! todd sit , sir , sit . judge ( settling into chair , in lecherous rapture ) johanna , johanna ... Todd get a towel , put it carefully around the judge , move to get a bottle of bay rum -- todd pretty woman ... judge hurry , man ! todd pretty woman be a wonder ... ( continued ) page 113 . 113 continued : ( 4 ) 113 judge you be in a merry mood again today , barber . todd ( joyfully ) pretty woman ! judge what we do for they sing simultaneously as Todd smoothes bay rum on the judge 's face and then reach for he razor : judge pretty woman ! blow out they candle comb out they hair -- then they leave -- even when they leave you and vanish , they somehow can still remain there with you there ... todd pretty woman ! blow out they candle or comb out they hair , even when they leave , they still be there , they be there ... the music build dangerously as : judge how seldom it be one meet a fellow spirit ! todd with fellow taste -- in woman , at least . judge what ? what 's that ? todd the year no doubt have change I , sir . ( more ) ( continued ) page 114 . 113 continued : ( 5 ) 113 todd ( cont would ) but then , I suppose the face of a barber -- the face of a prisoner in the dock -- be not particularly memorable . judge ( a horrify realization ) Benjamin barker ! todd benjamin barker ! the factory whistle scream a steady , terrible blast as -- Todd brutally slashes the judge 's throat -- sever he jugular -- the spray of blood drench Todd -- he pull the lever and send the body tumble out of sight down the chute . the music continue ... as Todd stand for a long moment , blood drip from he face , exalt . then he sink to he knee , overcome . the music stop . a long beat of silence . then Todd look at he razor deeply : todd Rest now , my friend , Rest now forever , sleep now the untrouble sleep of the angel . then silence as he reverently set the razor on the floor and look at it . we focus on he face . his quest be complete . his demon silence . the ghost be go . ( continued ) page 115 . 113 continued : ( 6 ) 113 it 's do . he just kneel there . no reason to move . no purpose in life . then ... a sound from the chest . a slight thump . his eye dart to the chest . he slowly pick up he razor and move to the chest . then suddenly wrench it open and haul out johanna -- todd ( darkly ) come for a shave , have you , lad ? johanna no -- I ... he toss she in the chair , throw back he arm , he razor ready -- todd surely , yes ! everyone need a good shave --! suddenly -- a piercing scream echoes up from the chute -- Mrs. lovett 's voice -- scream to raise the dead -- Todd rivet johanna , point the razor at she , a lethal warning : todd forget my face . he spin and bolt out of the shop , leave she sit in the chair -- 114 int . bakehouse -- night 114 Mrs. lovett be stand in horror by the mouth of the chute . the judge , still barely alive , clutches at she skirt -- she try to wrench herself away from he vise - like grip -- mrs . lovett die ! die ! God in heaven -- die ! the judge 's finger finally relax they grip ; he be dead . pant , Mrs. lovett , back away from he and for the first time notice the body of the beggar woman . ( continued ) page 116 . 114 continued : 114 mrs . lovett you ! can it be ? have all the demon of Hell come to torment I ?! she grab the beggar woman and start drag she quickly toward the oven as Todd race in : todd why do you scream ? do the judge live still ? mrs . lovett he be clutching , hold on to my dress , but he 's finish now ... she continue quickly drag the beggar woman toward the oven . todd leave they to I . open the door . he wave she toward the oven -- mrs . lovett no ! do not touch she ! todd open the door ! he shove she toward the oven and lean over to pick up the beggar woman 's body -- todd what 's the matter with you ? it 's only a silly old beggar -- then -- Mrs. lovett open the oven door -- the thunder roar from the oven crash through the room as the fiery light slashes across the floor -- clearly illuminate the face of the beggar woman . a chord of music as Todd realize who she be . Music continue and build as : todd oh no ! ... oh God ... " do not I know you ? " she say ... he look up to Mrs. lovett : ( continued ) page 117 . 114 continued : ( 2 ) 114 todd you know she live . from the moment that I come into you shop you know my Lucy live ! mrs . lovett I be only think of you ! todd ( look down again ) Lucy ... mrs . lovett you Lucy ! a crazy hag pick bone and rotten spud out of alley ashcan ! would you have want to know she end up like that ? todd ( look up ) you lie to I ... mrs . lovett ( desperately ) no , no , not lie at all . no , I never lie . todd ( to beggar woman ) Lucy ... mrs . lovett Said she take the poison -- she do -- never say that she die -- poor thing , she live -- todd I have come home again ... mrs . lovett but it leave she weak in the head , all she do for month be just lie there in bed -- todd Lucy ... mrs . lovett should have be in hospital , wound up in bedlam instead , poor thing ! ( continued ) page 118 . 114 continued : ( 3 ) 114 todd oh , my God ... mrs . lovett better you should think she be dead . ( passionately ) yes , I lie ' cos I love you ! todd Lucy ... mrs . lovett I would be twice the wife she be ! I love you ! could that thing have care for you like I ? todd ( a harrowing keen ) what have I do ?! Todd 's eye suddenly snap up to Mrs. lovett -- as the glorious " Little Priest " waltz theme return -- todd Mrs. lovett , you be a bloody wonder , eminently practical and yet appropriate as always , as you have say repeatedly , there 's little point in dwelling on the past . he step toward she , she step back , unsure , as they sing simultaneously : todd no , come here , my love ... not a thing to fear , my love ... what 's dead be dead . mrs . lovett do you mean it ? everything I do I swear I think be only for the best , believe I ! ( a heartbreaking plea ) can we still be married ? Todd step toward she darkly . ( continued ) page 119 . 114 continued : ( 4 ) 114 she know she be doom . but step into he arm anyway for a final , triumphant waltz : todd the history of the world , my pet -- mrs . lovett ( through tear ) oh , Mr. Todd , ooh , Mr. Todd , leave it to I ... todd be learn forgiveness and try to forget . mrs . lovett ( the lose dream ) by the sea , Mr. Todd , we will be comfy - cozy , by the sea , Mr. Todd , where there 's no one nosy ... he waltze she toward the roaring oven . she offer no resistance , fully aware of what 's come . the blaze , thunder inferno of the oven make it seem they be the damned , dance through Hell . todd and life be for the alive , my dear , so let 's keep live it --! both just keep live it , really live it --! the music reach a thunder crescendo as -- he fling she into the oven and slam the door -- we hear she scream . and bang on the oven door . Todd sink to he knee and cover he ear desperately as the bang and scream and music finally fade to silence . then he slowly drag himself across the floor to the beggar woman . he cradle she head in he arm . ( continued ) page 120 . 114 continued : ( 5 ) 114 todd there be a barber and he wife , and she be beautiful . a foolish barber and he wife , she be he reason and he life . and she be beautiful . and she be virtuous . and he be ... Todd fold himself over he dead wife . the only sound he deep , anguish sob . a long beat . then he become aware of something . he look over to see .... Toby -- stare at he from the open sewer grate . he have see everything . Todd watch as Toby silently pull himself up . Todd gently set Lucy down and then , still kneel , turn to face Toby . a long beat as they look at each other . then Toby slowly move and carefully pick up Todd 's razor . Todd look at he . then slowly unbutton he collar and expose he neck . he bend he head back , offer he naked throat . Toby slowly go to he and methodically slit he throat . Todd continue to gaze up at Toby as we hear the lonely sound of wind escape from he severe wind pipe . then Toby turn and leave the bakehouse . Todd lean forward , die . we cut to he point- of-view : the rough brick floor ... from the bottom of the frame ... a dark pool of blood slowly begin to spread ... move up the frame ... the fiery glow from the bake oven reflect in the blood ... ( continued ) page 121 . 114 continued : ( 6 ) 114 finally , the pool of blood fill the entire frame . we realize this be the first image we see in the story . Todd 's perspective . Todd 's blood . as he die . as before , the gentleman 's face appear , reflect in the pool of blood ... gentleman attend the tale of sweeney Todd , his skin be pale and he eye be odd . the banker emerge from the shadow of the bakehouse ... banker he shave the face of gentleman who never thereafter be hear of again . the General emerge ... and the Tourist ... and the Priest ... and the Student ... ghost ( variously ) he trod a path that few have trod , do sweeney Todd , the demon barber of fleet Street . then a new ghost ... a face we recognize ... the beggar woman ... beggar woman he keep a shop in London town , of fancy client and good renown . she be join by the judge ... judge and what if none of they soul be save ? they go to they maker impeccably shave . beggar woman , judge and ghost by sweeney , by sweeney Todd , the demon barber of fleet Street . the beadle and pirelli join the ghost ... pirelli and beadle swing you razor wide , sweeney ! hold it to the sky ! freely flow the blood of that who moralize ! ( continued ) page 122 . 114 continued : ( 7 ) 114 the ghost move around the bakehouse , consider the meat grinder and stain cleaver and chopping block ... ghost ( variously ) his need be few , he room be bare . he hardly use he fancy chair . the more he bleed , the more he life . he never forget and he never forgive . perhaps today you give a nod to sweeney Todd . the demon barber of fleet Street . hunting like predator , we begin to move urgently through the ghost . they long shadow tower bizarrely against the wall and ceiling of the bakehouse . the fiery red roar of the bake oven build in intensity ... ghost ( variously ) sweeney wish the world away , sweeney 's weep for yesterday , hugging the blade , wait the year , hear the music that nobody hear . sweeney wait in the parlor hall , sweeney lean on the office wall . no one can help , nothing can hide you -- be not that sweeney there beside you ? sweeney wish the world away , sweeney 's weep for yesterday , be sweeney ! there he be , it 's sweeney ! sweeney ! sweeney ! we tear through they with increase frenzy -- cut quickly , vertiginous angle -- as the music build -- ghost ( variously ) there ! there ! there ! there ! there ! there ! there ! ( almost a scream now ) there ! they move away -- revealing -- Todd and Mrs. lovett . facing each other . we circle they : ( continued ) page 123. 114 continued : ( 8 ) 114 ghost attend the tale of sweeney Todd ! he serve a dark and a hungry god ! todd ( sharply to Mrs. lovett ) to seek revenge may lead to hell . mrs . lovett ( coldly to he ) but everyone do it , if seldom as well -- todd and mrs . lovett -- as sweeney ... ghost as sweeney Todd ... the demon barber of fleet ... the ghost begin to disappear ... fade into the shadow of the bakehouse ... leave Todd and Mrs. lovett alone ... ghost ... Street ! the febrile music continue as Todd and Mrs. lovett stand alone , continue to glare at each other . finally she give he a grim little smile and disappear into the darkness . he stand alone . and we cut to -- a series of image from earlier in we story , cut to the music -- Todd 's life flash before he eye -- the image building as the music race toward its conclusion -- Todd sing -- slashing -- smile -- stride -- the final crash of music at the final image : Todd kneel , hunch over the pool of blood on the bakehouse floor . he fall ... into the blood . Dead . ( continued ) page 124 . 114 continued : ( 9 ) 114 snap to black . the end