sweet smell of success by clifford odet Ernest lehman work script for the sweet smell of success fade in : ext . int . globe newspaper build - dusk - n.y. a row of newspaper delivery truck be line up against the long load bay , wait for the edition . in the foreground a large clock establish the time as 8:10 pm . a rumbling noise warn the man to take they position ; a few second later the bale of newspaper come slide the spiral chute onto the move belt from which they be manhandle onto the truck . much noise and shouting . the front truck move out to the city street . as it do camera emphasize the big poster on its side . the design feature a large pair of spectacle with heavy rim - a trademark of hunsecker 's . ( it will later be see as the masthead of the gossip column . ) " go with the globe " read j.j. hunsecker " they eye of Broadway " ext . broadway - dusk - n.y. the truck start on its journey along Broadway . some shot be of the vehicle move through very heavy traffic ( take from a camera car ) . other be from the inside of the truck ; as it slow down , the delivery man toss the heavy bundle of papers onto the sidewalk . camera follow the truck , hold it in foreground against the blaze electric sign of Broadway and Times Square . ext . broadway - night the southeast corner of the intersection of Broadway and 46th Street , camera , fairly high , shoot north towards the impressive vista of electric sign , silhouett against the darken sky . very heavy traffic and crowded sidewalk . camera descend towards the Orange juice stand on the corner , pass the booth which sell souvenir hat . it move through the congestion of chatter passersby , steadily approach a smartly dress young man , who stand at the counter of the Orange juice stand . oblivious of the hub -bub around he , sidney falco be concerned only with he private problem . he turn sharply as a newspaper truck pull up at the curb behind he ; this be what he have be wait for ... closer angle - night the news truck delivery man toss a bundle out onto the sidewalk besides a newsstand . detail the bundle of newspaper . it hit the sidewalk with a smack . camera pull back as sidney falco cross the sidewalk . the owner of the newsstand , iggy , come to pick up the bundle ; he be a grizzle gnome with a philosophical sense of humor ; sidney snap he finger with impatience . iggy wear spectacle and be clearly more or less blind , he have to grope for the cord that bind the papers . iggy aw Lady , if I look like you , I would -- sidney c'mon ... c'mon ... iggy ( recognize sidney 's voice ) keep ya sweatshirt on , sidney . majestically take he time , iggy lift the bundle to he stand and cut the cord . iggy hey , Fresh , the Globe just come in -- hey , sidney , want a item for hunsecker 's column ? two roll get fresh with a baker ! hey , hot , hot , hot -- etc . annoy , sidney throw he a dime , seize a paper and return briskly to the orange juice stand . orange juice stand - night sidney 's place at the crowded counter have be take by newcomer . rudely , he recover he half - consume glass of orange juice and sandwich . he take they further down the counter to a quieter corner at which he can examine the paper . camera moving with he , pick up further snatch of overhear dialogue . ( see dialogue attach at the end of the scene ) we move close enough to see sidney 's hand open the paper expertly at hunsecker be column - identifiable by the picture of the spectacle eye . over scene there be a babble of offstage dialogue . close up of sidney his face be sullen as he eye run rapidly down the column . he be reacting to a not unexpected disappointment . ext . sidney' apartment - broadway - night camera shoot west on 46th Street , as sidney come down the side street from the newsstand in background . irritably , he jerk open the door of a shabby entrance . as the glass door close , sidney be see stride up the stair . first floor - outside sidney' apartment - night beside the top of the stair be the door to sidney 's office . on it there be a cheaply print cardboard sign which read : sidney falco publicity from inside come the sound of desultory type . sidney come up the stair two at a time and turn into the door . int . sidney' apartment - night sally be on the phone as sidney stride in . sally just a minute , Mr. weldon . I think ... sidney vigorously indicate that he do not want to take the call . sally ( to phone ) I be sorry . I think that be Mr. falco return . yes , I will tell he when he come in . I know he 's be try to reach you . she hang up . sally that 's the third time he 's call today . sidney he want I to break a leg ? sally ( literally ) no , a arm , he say . ( then ) I tell he you be sure the item would be in Mr. hunsecker 's column in tomorrow 's ... sidney ( interrupt , sharply ) it be not . I have just see the early edition . sally but ... sidney but what ? sally that make five day in a row that Mr. hunsecker 's cut you out of he column . sidney May I rent you out as a add machine . he have begin to change he clothes . sidney get I Joe robard . Sally go back into the outer room . sidney who else phone ? sally the rent agent and the tailor . sidney pay the rent . let the tailor wait . sally it will not leave much of a balance in the bank ... ( to phone ) Mr. robard ? could you locate he ? sidney , in a state of semi-undress , come to take the phone from she . sidney ( gloomily ) watch I run a fifty yard dash with my leg cut off ! very abruptly , he come alive on the phone . a real laugh boy . sidney ( effusively ) sidney , Joe . how do you like it ? I be run out of alibis ! no , I ask hunsecker to withhold the item , until he could give it a fine , fat paragraph . the column be run over and I do not want you kiss off with just a line ... int . robard club - night robard be a stolid , secure man , bald and with a moustache . he have a morose sense of humor . he be speak from a telephone on a little desk at the end of the bar . in background , the Club be open , but there be few customer as yet . some record jazz be be play while the musician be still arrive , strolling past in background , deposit they overcoat and music case in the little closet assign to they . robard ( in answer to sidney ) of course . ( he listen to protest from sidney ) what be this , sidney , a kissing game ? you be a liar - that 's a publicity man 's nature . I would not hire you if you be not a liar . I pay you a C -and -a- half a week wherein you plant big lie about I and the Club all over the map . ( a pause ) yeah , I mean in that sense . but also in the sense that you be a personal liar , too , because you do not do the work I pay you for . ( new protest on the other end of the line ) oh , stop it , sidney . you be from the country , not I . resume sidney Sally be watch he , unhappy on he behalf . sidney ( to phone ) now , wait a minute , Joe . when I see j.j. last night he say ... but robard have cut off . sidney hang up . a silence . Sally try to be comforting . sally I wish I could help in some way , sidney . sidney ( aggressively ) help I with two minute of silence ! Sally , hurt , say nothing . presently , he add : sidney go home , Sally . it 's late ... sally I hate to see you like this -- sidney , with another mercurial change of manner , begin some sarcastic clowning . sidney ( horsing around ) yes , but as a new subscriber you be under no obligation to take more than three book . and if you mail the enclose card within ten day -- sally ( pleadingly ) sidney , I know you by now . do not do a dance with I ... sidney ( still clowning ) you mean you do not want the extra free gift of a colorful giant map of the world ??? sally ( distress ) sidney , please , dear , if you feel nervous ... sidney be abruptly savage . sidney ( with cruelty ) so what will you do if I feel nervous ? you will open you meaty , sympathetic arm ...? sally ( break down ) sid ... you get I so ... I do not know what ... she be cry . sidney feel uncomfortable . not too generously , he relent : sidney you ought to be use to I by now . sally ( pathetically ) I be use to you ... sidney ( with a touch of bitterness ) no . you think I be a hero . I be no hero . I be nice to people where it pay I to be . I gotta do it too much on the outside , so do not expect I to kow - tow in my own office . I be in a bind right now with hunsecker so -- ( grimly ) every dog have he day ! ( go ) lock up and leave the key . the phone ring . sidney be dress by now . as Sally go for it , he make for the outer door . sidney if that 's for I , tear it up ! sally take a top coat . sidney and leave a tip in every hat - check room in town ? he be already go as she pick up the phone . sally sidney falco office ... oh , miss Kay , he try to reach you . no , he 's at the barber now . no , that 's hold over till the Tuesday column ... lap dissolve to : int . elysian room - night the quintet . as the dissolve clear , a clatter of polite applause greet the end of a previous number . camera be on the bandstand , move smoothly through the group of five musician as the rhythm of a new number be set up : first the leader ( a guitarist ) snap he finger , give the tempo to ... the bass , who " walk " with the beat , bring in ... the drum , which start a quiet , insistent wire - brush background for ... the cello and the flute , whose introductory phrase , set the stage for ... steve dallas ... the guitar , the leader again . it come in after this short preamble with the first statement of melody . ( the tune have a faint echo of significance because it be one of the theme of the film , already hear as a phrase in the background score of the title music . ) camera linger a moment on the guitarist , steve dallas . he be a youth of pleasant , intelligent appearance . he play with the intent air of the contemporary jazz musician who take he work very seriously indeed and affect a much great interest in the music and he fellow musician than in the listen audience . sidney a close shot . sidney have just enter the club , strolling into the vestibule near the entrance . he wear a expression of oddly unsuitable antagonism , as he look forward ... dallas see in long shot from sidney 's viewpoint . camera move to include sidney in foreground again . he turn as he be accost by rita , the cigarette girl of the club . she be a pert creature , attractive and not unaware of the fact . rita do not you ever get message , eyelash ? I call you twice . sidney ( irk ) I have be up to here . listen , honey , tell I something . you know Susan hunsecker ...? ( rita nod ) have she be in ? I mean lately , in the last coupla day ...? rita I do not think so . sidney you be sure . find out for I . rita ( with a nod ) sidney , can I talk to you a minute ? rita wear a injure air . sidney , preoccupy with other worry , callously ignore it . sidney be Frank d'angelo around ? rita at the bar - sidney ... but sidney have move away from she . d'angelo he be at the bar , listen with satisfaction to the music , watch the performer and study the audience . sidney come up behind he . we see sidney 's eye flick from d'angelo towards the bandstand and back again . then , as he take the stool next to d'angelo , he assume a different manner , a sulky resentment . d' angelo see sidney . d'angelo ( to the bartender ) Joe , give my nephew a drink . sidney ( sullen ) you nephew do not want a drink . d' angelo be still watch the quintet . the guitar can be hear again . another angle shoot past d'angelo and sidney towards the bandstand . d'angelo that 's a lollipop that , boy . the kid be only great . sidney and with ten percent of he future , you be great , too , Frank . d' angelo look quickly at sidney , sense the undercurrent . then he turn he back on the musician , remark in a quiet tone . d'angelo go over to Philly yesterday a ' see the folk ... it 's nice you send they the fifty a month ... sidney ( after a pause ) see my mother ? d'angelo ( shaking he head ) I only have a few hour . a glum moment . Frank sip he highball : sidney light a cigarette , animosity on he face . d'angelo thanks for the publicity spread you get the boy for the benefit tomorrow . sidney ( begrudgingly ) robard 's my client . I do it for he and he club , not you boy . Frank again note sidney 's resentful manner . sidney look towards the musician . sidney ( quietly ) Frank , I think maybe you lie to I . d'angelo ( quietly ) looka , sidney , you be my own sister 's son , but where do that give you the right to call I a liar ? sidney ( look towards Steve ) you tell I that you boy be wash up with susie hunsecker , do not you ? d'angelo yeah , and it 's the truth , to the best of my knowledge . and , frankly , I be glad . for Steve 's sake , I be glad , not yours . I manage this boy and I get they best interest at heart . Steve should not get mix up with no bimbo at he age . sidney ( narrowly ) you tell he that ? d'angelo not in that exact word - you know what a temper he 's get . a pause . sidney be think . sidney when do this hot-head boy of yours go on the road ? d'angelo coupla week . for eight week . sidney that 's a nice tour . all book ? ( Frank nodd ) when be susie around here last ? d'angelo four five night ago . that 's how I know the romance be off . also Steve 's in a very bad mood . sidney ( abruptly ) listen , Frank , you would better make sure you be tell I the truth . d'angelo ( annoyed ) I do not like this threaten attitude . when it come to it , what the heck be it you business what they do , this boy and girl ... rita locate sidney , she come up behind he . he turn away from d'angelo as she whisper to he . as she depart , sidney turn back . sidney if you know hunsecker as well as I do , you might understand why it 's my business . maybe you be walk around blind , Frank , without a cane . sidney get off he stool . casually , but to effect , he add : sidney ... and in case you do not know it , susie hunsecker 's out there on the back step right now . he turn away , glance towards Steve on the bandstand behind he . d'angelo he look disturb . int . / ext . backstage and courtyard from d'angelo 's point of view . camera look up at Steve . the quintet be now reach the end of the number , a drive rhythm of considerable excitement . a waiter pass in f.g. and the camera crane back through the curtain doorway to the backstage part of the club . this movement be continue as we see some other employee , include Jerry wiggins , the intermission pianist , who be wait in the corridor near the fire-exit . as he step out of the door to discard a cigarette , camera again continue its movement , craning back and downward into the little courtyard . here , it discover the figure of a young woman who be wait in the shadow near the step of the fire -escape , listen to the music . closer angle this be susan hunsecker . she wear a expensive mink coat . it be oddly in contrast with she personality ; the face be sensitive and intelligent , but childlike and tragic . a girl in adolescence already burden with problem beyond she capacity . over scene , the music continue . Susan shift she position , know that the session will soon be at a end and that the musician will be come backstage . int . elysian room Steve be play the last bar of the number ; the whole group now in unison . quintet the music come sharply , dramatically to its finish . there be some applause . the boy relax . Steve reach for the microphone and in the characteristically casual manner of the " cool " musician , announce the end of the set , thanking the audience , identify the quintet by name and introduce the intermission pianist . during this , carson , chico and Paul wander off the bandstand behind he . ext . backstage and courtyard chico , Paul and carson come through to the corridor backstage . as they do so , chico , glance out of the open door see Susan in the courtyard . he go out onto the fire -escape ; Paul follow behind . chico hi! susie ... susan hello , chico . Paul . chico ( to Paul ) throw a rope round this chick while I go get Steve . chico go swiftly back into the club . Paul remain with Susan . there be a momentary silence ; Paul be embarrassed because Susan be . Susan make a effort at conversation , she nod towards the club . susan full house ...? paul packin ' them in . int . club Steve have be trap by a young woman in spectacle , a much - too - earnest devotee of progressive jazz . devotee I be terribly interested in jazz -- serious jazz . you study with milhaud , do not you ? this be such a interesting fusion of the traditional , classical form with the new progressive style , I just want to ask you how you come to form the group ...- chico he come through the curtain of the doorway , pause as he see that Steve be involved with the intellectual Young woman . reverse angle Steve glance at chico over the shoulder of the intellectual Young woman . see that chico have something to say to he , he wriggle out of the young woman 's clutches by pass the buck to the unfortunate to Fred katz , who be descend from the bandstand behind he . steve well , we just sort of get together . ( turn to introduce Fred ) maybe if you ask Mr. katz ... he write the stuff , you know . fred ( blankly ) huh ? resume chico Steve join chico and they go through the curtain into the corridor outside . corridor chico , smile , explain : chico do not waste you time there , man . you have get something better wait outside ... ( as Steve look at he ) susie 's out there . steve his reaction betray some emotion . ( over scene the intermission pianist have begin to play a blue number . ) Steve move a quick step towards the door to the courtyard , then hesitates - almost as if he be afraid to go out . he meet chico 's eye again . steve what do she say ...? chico he be amused , but sympathetic . chico you propose to she , not I . ( slapping he on the back ) go get you answer ... courtyard Susan , wait at the foot of the iron step , turn as Steve come out on the fire escape above . Steve come quickly down the step towards she , slow down when he get a few pace away from she . susan she look up at Steve . steve a close shot . in he expression we read he mute inquiry ... resume susan quite deliberately , with she eye moisten by love and affection ... she nod . reverse angle great relief and happiness can be see in the boy 's face . after a moment , he move to she and she to he . they embrace swiftly , hold each other close and then kiss with passion . presently , when the kiss be over , Susan speak softly . susan ( in a whisper ) Steve ... I will ... I will try to make a good wife . Steve be still too choke with relief to speak . for answer , he clasp she more tightly to he . the beam of light which fall on the iron stair behind they , narrow and then be extinguish ... corridor Paul have close the door . turn , he share a look with the grin chico and Fred katz who have manage to escape from the young woman . before there be time for either of they to make a remark , sidney come through the curtain from the Club . sidney hi , fellow . where 's the Chief ? sidney 's manner be very friendly . but it be immediately apparent from the reaction of the other three boy that none of they like sidney . Fred be deliberately uncomprehend . fred who ? sidney ( who get the point ) Dallas . be he around ? chico 's back be to the close door which open onto the courtyard . chico nod in the opposite direction towards the stair . chico ( unhelpfully ) yeah , he 's around somewhere . upstair , maybe . sidney ( coldly , as he go ) thanks . courtyard Steve and Susan be still embrace . Steve be exultantly proud and happy . steve ( incoherent ) this be big , you know . very big ! let 's go out later , drink some firewater . with the boy . Fred can call millie and - susan Steve , I would rather you do not say anything for a day or two ... until I tell my brother ... steve his sober reaction show this be something important . steve ( gently ) you have not tell he yet ... susan susan I be tell he in the morning after breakfast . steve and susan turn she head , she make a little gesture , a unconscious movement , put she finger to she brow as if feel a headache . steve he be not go to like it . Susan say nothing . she look to Steve , smile , but the smile be not too confident . steve you sure you do not want I to be with you ...? Susan stoutly shake she head . defensively she reassure Steve : susan Steve , my brother be not as bad as he 's paint . he be not perfect , but - steve but he be not go to like this , susie . and he make you nervous , not I . no , I take that back - he make I nervous , too . but I would not give he a second think if not for you . the topic evidently make Susan uneasy . in a effort to dismiss something that she do not want to think about , Susan put she arm around Steve 's neck again . susan let 's forget he and - but Steve be not so ready to change the subject . steve his stooge , falco , be around - I see he walk in . ( soberly ) he 's be spying on I for week , susie . susan ( quickly , perhaps too quickly ) darling , I do not care - really I do not . sidney would have a secret crush on I for year , but nothing we do be he business - steve ( gently insist ) but he could be report back to you brother , could not he ? susan ( plead ) Steve , dear , please forget all of this . what can it matter after tomorrow ? now Steve respond . he grin , hold she closer . steve ( softly ) I have a message for you ; I love you . ( kissing she lightly ) May I dedicate the next number to you ?... and the next , and the next . every Sunday I will buy you a new bonnet - susan ( amused , but move ) if the store be open - steve and on Monday , I will take it off and stroke you light brown hair and - susan and on Tuesday - hasenpfeffer . steve ( abruptly grin ) how do you think I realize I love you ? susan I make you write a beautiful song ... steve no , you have I eat that chinese food !... they laugh and enjoyably ; but then , as the camera move , we realize that sidney be there on the fire escape above they ; he manner be affable . sidney can more than two enjoy this joke ... ( to Susan ) hello , susie , I do not expect to find you here . Steve say nothing . but he obviously resent the intrusion and find it difficult to conceal the fact . sidney come down the fire escape towards they . sidney where 's that glossy print you promise ? tonight 's the latest I can place they - steve ( barely polite ) well , thanks , anyway - let 's forget it . ( to Susan ) it 's cold out here , susie . Steve make a move to lead Susan back inside . it be a gesture which appear to dismiss sidney . sidney choose to take umbrage : sidney ( lightly sarcastic ) let I apologize for get you that press spread . it 's be a honor to serve you gratis . Steve turn to sidney ; he manner be quiet but challenging : steve ( levelly ) I get the feel , falco , that you be always snooping around ... susan ( quickly intervene ) Steve , stop it please ... another angle Frank d'angelo have follow sidney out onto the fire escape ; other member of the quintet have also appear . d'angelo what be you boy fight about ? aggressively indignant , sidney throw up he hand ; he knock on the metal of the fire escape . sidney ( sarcastic ) kill I ! find I a door somewhere - I walk in without knock ! sidney be try to needle Steve ; Steve 's temper would normally have explode ; but now he control it . steve I be feel too good to fight with you , but that be not what I say - I say you snoop . for instance , what be you do around my hotel the other night ? sidney ( needle ) begging you pardon , I have not be down the bowery in year ! d'angelo ( soothingly ) come on boy , break it up ... steve ( override d'angelo ) the next time you want information , falco , do not scratch for it like a dog - ask for it like a man ! sidney his face tighten ; he appear to be mortally insulted and control himself with difficulty . he turn he back swiftly on Steve , address Susan in a voice that have a sharp edge . sidney if you be go home , susie , I will drop you off ... sidney start quickly up the fire escape . this make Steve angry and he step forward to follow he . but chico contrive , without seem to interfere to obstruct Steve . chico ( easily ) time for the next set , Chief ... steve just a minute , chico . corridor sidney come inside . when he be out of sight or the group in the courtyard , he manner swiftly change . it 's obvious now that he indignation be assume ; now he look back towards the courtyard and there be shrewdness in he eye ; he be assess Steve 's temper . but , presently , see d'angelo and the boy return , he move back to the curtain into the Club . courtyard as d'angelo and the other boy go inside , Steve turn back to Susan . steve ( fondly ) just so you do not leave I in a minor key . int . club rita have succeed in recapture sidney near the entrance to the club . sidney , alert and interested , listen to she while keep he eye on the bandstand in b.g. where the intermission pianist be finish he performance and the quintet be return , ready to mount the bandstand again . sidney do not tell I you start a polka with Leo bartha ? rita ( shaking she head ) no . that 's what I mean - I be be fire for what I do not do . sidney be amused . rita continue in a confidential manner which be heavily load with sex appeal and not-very - convincing air of injury . rita ( soto voce ) he come in last week on a very dull rainy night . I know who he be , but I do not let on . ( emphatically ) he do not take he eye off I all night . listen ...? rita have mistaken sidney 's shrewdly calculate expression for inattention . sidney avidly . he be stare . rita ( continue ) stare . consequently , when he approach I on he way out I be not surprised , but I do not let on . sidney ( prompt ) he be write a special Sunday piece on ...? rita ( nodd ) ... cigarette girl ... and naturally - sidney you be thrilled to be interview . ( she nod ) be you " interview " ? rita in he apartment - sidney and where be he wife ? rita I do not know - it 's a big apartment . but I be not interview . in fact , I be totally unprepare for what happen . sidney ( grimace ) we be old friend , Chickie - quit it ! a big columnist come in this room , without he ball - and -chain and you make like a delicatess counter ! what do you think would happen in he house ? rita ( with a nod ) but , sidney darling , the man must be out of he mind - it be only eleven o'clock in the morning ! despite himself , sidney chuckle ; but she be distress . rita for a moment I be so take aback that I say anything that pop into my sleepy head . if I be not mistaken , I even order the man out of he own house . sidney 's eye have be catch by something at the other end of the big room . steve and susan from sidney 's viewpoint . Susan have come back into the club with Steve and seem to be take leave of he . she start to walk through the club on she way out . resume sidney and rita sidney , with half he attention on Susan and Steve , listen to rita 's rueful protest . rita ( rapidly ) he be furious and , by the time I could have put on a tropical Island mood , I be out on the street !... ( dolefully ) that night Mr. Van cleve call I into he office here . he 's get nothing against I , he say but he can not afford to antagonize columnist . I tell he I still have sonny at military academy , but Van cleve 's make of ice ... aware that sidney be move to leave she so that he can catch Susan , rita detain he with a appeal : rita ( tentative ) do you think you could do something , sidney ? sidney ( a quick nod ) that 's what I be think , rita . maybe ... rita be anxious to cement the offer . delicately , she ask : rita do you still keep you key under the mat ? sidney ( eyeing she ) can you be there by two-thirty ? she drop she eye , nod . sidney pat she arm and be go . she look after he . sidney and susan sidney overtake Susan at the front entrance in time to open the door for she . he have now revert to another mood in which he appear to be sulk over the insult deliver to he by Steve . he go out ahead of she . bandstand the quintet be resume they position on the stand . Steve linger a moment , he guitar already in he hand while he talk to d'angelo . steve Frank , I do not want any secret from you . I propose to susie tonight . d' angelo hide he feeling , ask : d'angelo do she accept ? steve you do not like it , do you . I think she will accept , but I be not sure . she may be too dependent on she brother . he mount the bandstand . d'angelo ( solemnly ) lot of good people in this town be dependent on she brother ... Steve sit on the stool , quietly give the beat to he group and begin at once the guitar open of a very simple and lonely melody . ( the Sage . ) another angle while d'angelo watch he , the boy continue . camera track slowly back through the club as the chatter and babble of the customer begin to diminish in appreciation of the quiet melancholy of the music . outside the elysian room Susan be stand beside the poster which feature Steve , listen to the music from inside the club . sidney come to join she . he be now pretend to be hurt . susan you be touchy , sidney - do not be so touchy ... sidney ( gruffly ) I be not look for a brawl . I come to bring he a present . ( then ) wanna bite to eat ? Susan shake she head . she look up as she hear the doorman 's whistle off screen . sidney move forward to escort she to the taxi . longer shot they cross the sidewalk and get into the cab . it start off and camera pan with it . inside cab Susan be relaxed , content but thoughtful . sidney flick she a quick , anxious look . finally , gloomily : sidney feel like a Monday night , do not it ...? susan ( softly ) not to I . sometimes , the world feel like a cage . then someone come along and open the door ... and it 's never Monday night again ... ( turn to sidney ) I wish you and Steve could like each other . sidney ( grimace ) we stick in each other craw . susan yes , but why ? sidney well , for one thing , he think j.j. be some kind of monster . susan quizzically , she study sidney . susan do not you ? sidney he look up sharply , ( he be momentarily startle at Susan 's insight . ) swiftly , he assume a protest air . sidney susie , you brother 's one of my best friend , and - resume susan she be not totally convinced by this performance . she smile skeptically . susan I know . but someday I would like to look into you clever mind and see what you really think of he - resume sidney and susan sidney make a show of indignation . sidney where do you come off to make a remark like that ? susan ( quietly ) who could love a man who keep jump through burn hoop , like a train poodle ? sidney do not immediately answer . Susan drop she eye , become absorb in she own problem . cautiously , sidney let the momentary silence continue . then : susan ( thoughtfully ) do you think j.j. like Steve ...? sidney ( glibly ) frankly , yes , to my surprise . he think he 's very gift - that boy will go a big mile , he think . Susan say nothing . sidney , watch she closely , probe further : sidney ( gently ) you feel pretty strong about this boy ? a pause . then Susan nod . she be not look at sidney and can not see the watchfulness in he face . sidney prompt again : sidney wedding bell , you mean ? again Susan nod . susan he want I to go on the road with they . it 's a eight month tour , all the way to Oregon ... sidney the news have considerable impact on he . but he hide it , say lightly : sidney well , congratulation . but do not go just for the ride ! or do not you accept the proposal ? resume susan and sidney Susan continue . susan I be go to discuss it with j.j. in the morning . a pause . each be concerned with private thought . Susan , relaxed , add quietly : susan ( softly ) it 's give I a big lift to know that some people want I for myself , not just because I be my brother 's sister . sidney Chickie , I will have to laugh at that - a attractive girl like you ...! Susan ignore he remark , continue thoughtfully : susan I hope that j.j. really like Steve , that it be not a act . sidney ( with a indignant edge ) why should he put on a act ? you brother have tell president where to go and what to do ! the taxi have pull to a stop . Susan sit for a moment before she remark . susan the act would be for my sake , not Steve 's ... realizing that they have come to they destination , Susan get up , move out of camera as she disembark from the taxi . camera catch a glimpse of apprehension in sidney 's eye . quickly , he decide to follow she . ext . broadway Susan , get out of the taxi , move past camera . sidney , follow she , instruct the driver . sidney ( to cabbie ) wait for I . I will be right back . longer shot sidney move after the girl , call : " susie ! " susan hear he , Susan turn back . sidney walk into shot to join she . sidney ( lightly ) it 's not my nature , susie , but I will talk to you like a uncle ... susan ( smile ) but I do not need a uncle , sidney . they move through the door . reverse angle sidney quickly correct himself , say earnestly : sidney no , I mean because I admire you - in fact , more than admire you - although that 's neither here nor there . ( quickly skip to the important point ) susie , do not sell you brother short . talk this over with he , I mean - you will find he a real friend . susan Susan look thoughtful , make no comment . resume sidney and susan carefully ( again probing ) he prompt she : sidney any message , in case I see j.j. later ? Susan turn away and walk out past camera . sidney watch she . susan she look back at sidney , quietly firm . susan yes . tell he for I that Steve Dallas be the first real man I have ever be in love with ... she turn away and walk through the inner door , go down the corridor towards the elevator in background . resume sidney the sincerity of the girl 's manner strike home to sidney . now that she back be turn we see the sharp twinge of pain with which he hear the statement of she feeling for another man . angere , he wheel , stride out of the door onto Broadway . ext . broadway sidney return to the cab , instruct the driver : sidney the twenty one Club . he climb in and the taxi drive off down Broadway . lap dissolve to : ext . twenty one club - night camera high , shoot west down 52nd Street , as sidney 's cab pull up , double parking in front of the 21 Club . sidney maneuver he way between the park car towards the entrance and the camera descend to shoot along the courtyard towards the entrance . we see the figure of Jimmy weldon and he girl friend come out of the Club . closer angle - night Jimmy weldon be come out of the Club accompany by a girl ; he be slightly tight . as he step through the outer door , weldon again spy sidney on the sidewalk ; he step to one side of the entrance way . sidney slip through the congestion , but just as he try to enter the Club , weldon 's hand shoot out , neatly ambush he , pull he aside into the narrow courtyard . sidney be instantly resentful of this manhandle , but have to adjust himself , assume a quick smile for the benefit of weldon . sidney Jimmy ! this be a coincidence . I be just go - weldon ( overlap ) yeah . a coincidence you should run into the very man you have be ducking all week ! ( to the girl ) this be my press agent , Joan . weldon , jibing at sidney , play he remark off the girl , who be amused ; sidney , of course , be not . sidney ( quickly ) I try to reach you twice - weldon ( overlap ) what do you do for that hundred a week . fall out of bed ? sidney Jimmy , I be on my way inside right now to talk to hunsecker . I can promise you - weldon ( horsing ) Joan , call a cop ! we will arrest this kid for larceny ! sidney flinch , he pride touch . sidney listen , when you band be play at roseland - weldon ( cut in ) that be two month ago . take you hand out of my pocket , thief ! the girl try to quiet weldon , who have go from horsing to loud contempt . the girl take it easy , Jimmy dear ... weldon ( indignantly ) why ? it 's a dirty job , but I pay clean money for it , do not I ? abruptly sidney burst out , give as good as he have take : sidney no more you do not ! what be this - you be show off for she ? they be suppose to hear you in Korea ? weldon ( smirk to the girl ) he 's intuitive - he know he 's get fire ! sidney if you be funny , James , I be a pretzel ! Drop dead ! weldon , shepherd by the girl , be already on he way across the sidewalk . weldon it be nice know you , sidney . not cheap - but nice . happy unemployment insurance . int . twenty one club - night sidney , enter the Club , thread he way through the crowded foyer , come up to camera near the foot of the staircase . there he meet a Captain who turn to he . captain how be you tonight , Mr. falco ? sidney ( nodd towards the restaurant ) be " he " inside ? captain but of course ... sidney alone or surround ? captain a Senator , a agent and something - with - Long - Red - Hair . sidney move past camera , come a couple of pace towards the door to the restaurant . he pause . reverse angle from sidney 's viewpoint . shoot through the doorway into the restaurant , we can see the group at the table . ( hunsecker 's back be turn to we . ) camera pull back to include sidney in foreground . he decide not to go into restaurant and turn away out of shot . int . lounge sidney come round the corner from the foyer and walk through the lounge to the door into the alcove where the phone booth be , camera panning . phone booths sidney move briskly past the girl at the switchboard , instruct she : sidney honey , get I Mr. hunsecker . the girl reach for a book of phone number , then remember : operator he 's right inside , Mr. falco . sidney ( from inside the booth ) so it be not Long distance . as the girl , shrugging , put through the call , camera move closer to sidney in the booth . he hear the connection make , speak at once . sidney ( to phone ) j.j.? it 's I -- we be close enough to the instrument to hear the sound of a voice on the other end . though the word be not distinguishable , it be quite clear that the speaker be not talk to the phone . sidney seem to relax , as if this be something that happen often . he wait , study he manicure fingertip ... presently sidney hear the voice on the other end become clearer . it ask : " yes ? " camera move closer as sidney say : sidney j.j. , it 's sidney . can you come outside for one minute ? hunsecker 's voice , filter through the sound of the telephone , be sharp and tiny ; but the word be now very clear . hunsecker ( o.s. ) can I come out ? no . sidney ( tensely ) I have to talk to you , alone , j.j. , that 's why . hunsecker ( o.s. ) you have something to do for I - you do not do it . sidney can I come in for a minute ? hunsecker ( o.s. ) no . you be dead , son - get yourself bury ! there be a click as hunsecker hang up . sidney , more slowly , also hang up . brood , he come out of the booth . int . twenty one club - lounge sidney come out of the door to the phone booth , walk through the lounge to the hallway . he turn towards the dining room . int . hallway sidney come to the door into the dining room , camera tracking with he . here he pause , look towards ... hunsecker from sidney 's viewpoint . hunsecker be seat at a table which be cleverly he habitual position . we see he only in semi-back view , a broad and powerful back . he be listen to a man who have pause at he table , stooping over hunsecker to whisper in he ear . as the columnist listen , he hand play with a omni-present pad and pencil which lie on the dinner table amongst a assortment of envelope , mimeograph sheet and a telephone . Beyond hunsecker and the man talk to he be the senator , the agent , and a attractive , if fatuous girl . hunsecker I will check it in the morning , low - thanks . the man leave ; hunsecker be scribbling a note on the pad . meanwhile the Senator whisper something to the girl , who giggle softly . reverse angle sidney come across to the table , nervous but deliberate . camera pull back to include hunsecker in foreground . sidney , without accost he , stand a few foot from the columnist 's elbow and deliberately light a cigarette . hunsecker , barely turn he head , see he . we have hear of hunsecker as a monster , but he be evidently in a mild phase of he metabolism , for he seem gentle , sad and quiet , as he turn he gaze casually to the Senator , totally ignore the young man who stand behind he . hunsecker ( softly ) harvey , I often wish I be dead and wear a hearing aid ... with a simple flick of a switch I could shut out the greedy murmur of little man ... sidney a close shot . sidney show no reaction to this insult . he step in closer , a indian fixity in he face . sidney j.j. , I need you ear for two minute ... reverse angle shoot across sidney , onto hunsecker . j.j. turn - but not to sidney . he raise he hand in a small gesture which summon a pass Captain , who step into picture at sidney 's elbow . hunsecker Mac ! I do not want this man at my table ... sidney ( quickly but quietly interrupt ) I have a message from you sister . the Captain be already there . but now hunsecker 's eye have switch to sidney 's face . for the briefest of moment , nothing happen . then hunsecker , seem to relax and ignore the Captain whom he have summon , turn back to casual conversation with the Senator as if nothing have happen . hunsecker forgive I , harvey . we be interrupt before - in foreground , sidney turn to the Captain with a carve smile , indicate that hunsecker 's change of topic be to be interprete as sanction for sidney to remain . the Captain , not entirely convinced , retreat . sidney find himself a chair , place it and take a seat which be near enough to the table to establish he presence . during this : senator ( who be mildly surprised and faintly embarrassed ) err ... the Supreme Court story , I be tell you - justice Black . hunsecker ( nodd ) yes , the justice , that 's right . but I think you have it in the column . sidney ( smoothly , casually ) last July , the lead item ... sidney 's interjection be quietly well - mannered . hunsecker totally ignore it . the other member of the party be a little astonished at the interplay . the girl , in particular , be fascinate ; she clearly admire sidney 's look . the Senator , note this , glance at sidney , accept the point : senator ( laugh ) and I believe that 's precisely where I read it , too . you see , j.j. , where I get my reputation for be the best - inform man in Washington . hunsecker now do not kid a kidder . the senator , the girl , and the agent the girl look again towards sidney . the Senator again see this , address sidney pleasantly . senator I do not think we catch you name , young man . reverse angle Group shot . the Senator in foreground , sidney beyond hunsecker in background , and the other on edge of shot . sidney sidney falco , sir . and , of course , everyone know and admire you , Senator Walker . senator ( humorously ) every four year I get less convinced of that . this young lady be miss Linda James . ( indicate the girl ) she 's manage by manny Davis . ( he indicate the agent ) sidney and hunsecker sidney nod pleasantly to the girl and the agent . sidney I know manny Davis . hunsecker ( quietly ) everyone know manny Davis ... ( as the phone ring on the table ) ... except mrs . manny Davis . hunsecker be pick up the phone , continue : hunsecker yes ? go ahead , billy - shoot ... reverse angle to intercut with the above . the Senator , the agent and the girl watch hunsecker . the agent 's reaction to hunsecker 's remark be a sickly smile . resume hunsecker he repeat aloud a story which be tell he over the telephone . hunsecker uh huh . Sports car in California be get smaller and smaller ... the other day you be crossing Hollywood boulevard and you be hit by one ... you have to go to the hospital and have it remove ... ( coolly ) you be not follow the column : I have it last week . during the speech , camera ease back to include sidney again . at the end , sidney look up in the direction of the Senator . sidney do you believe in capital punishment , Senator ? resume reverse angle the Senator , amused , ask : senator why ? resume hunsecker and sidney sidney glance sidelong at hunsecker . sidney ( point to the phone ) a man have just be sentence to death ... hunsecker 's face harden ; aware of sidney 's impertinence , he do not design to react directly ; he turn towards the agent . hunsecker manny , what exactly be the unseen gift of this lovely young thing that you manage ...? the agent and the girl the agent glance uneasily at the girl beside he . agent well , she sing a little ... you know , sing ... girl ( by rote ) manny 's faith in I be simply awe - inspiring , Mr. hunsecker . actually , I be still study , but - resume hunsecker he study the girl intently . hunsecker what subject ? resume the agent and the girl girl sing , of course ... straight concert and - resume hunsecker hunsecker 's glance flick between the girl and the Senator . hunsecker why " of course " ? it might , for instance , be politics ... as the girl betray herself with a nervous glance at the Senator beside she , camera ease back to include he . the Senator be unruffled ; gravely , he light a cigar . the girl laugh . girl me? I mean " I " ? be you kid , Mr. hunsecker ? with my Jersey City brain ? resume hunsecker again he glance link the girl and the Senator . hunsecker the brain may be Jersey City , but the clothes be trainor - norell . the senator , the agent and the girl the girl and the agent be both nervously uneasy . the Senator closely examine the tip of he cigar and , with deliberation , turn towards sidney . senator be you a actor , Mr. falco ? girl ( support the change of subject ) that 's what I be think . be you , Mr. falco ? sidney and hunsecker hunsecker , for the first time , half -turn in sidney 's direction , amused . hunsecker how do you guess it , miss James ? resume the agent , the girl and the senator they all look at sidney . girl he 's so pretty , that 's how . resume sidney and hunsecker sidney bitterly resent the adjective , but contrive to hide the fact ; he smile , gracefully accept the compliment . hunsecker ( who know what sidney feel ) be pleased ; he turn towards sidney expansively . hunsecker Mr. falco , let it be say at once , be a man of forty face , not one , none too pretty and all deceptive . see that grin ? it 's the charming street urchin' face . it 's part of he " helpless " act - he throw himself on you mercy . I skip the plead nervous bit that sometimes blend over into bluster . the moist grateful eye be a favorite face with he - it frequently tie in with the act of boyish candor : he 's talk straight from the heart , get it ? he 's get about half - a- dozen face for the lady , but the real cut one to I be the quick dependable chap - nothing he will not do for you in a pinch . at least , so he say ! tonight Mr. falco , whom I do not invite to sit at this table , be about to show in he last and most pitiful role : pale face with tongue hang out . in brief , gentleman and Jersey lilly , the boy sit with we be a hungry press agent and fully up to all the trick of he very slimy trade ! hunsecker have start he speech lightly , but it have build up to enough cold contempt and feel to embarrass and intimidate the other at the table . in conclusion , hunsecker , he eye on sidney , pick up a cigarette and wait expectantly ... hunsecker ( quietly ) Match I , sidney ... sidney ( coolly ) not just this minute , j.j .... amuse , hunsecker light he own cigarette , turn towards a man who come up to the table . hunsecker a single close up , to intercut with the above . sidney a match single ; sidney 's reaction to hunsecker and to the other at the table . the agent , the girl and the senator to intercut with the above ; they reaction of embarrassment . group shot a florid man come up to the table , obviously anxious to catch hunsecker 's attention . hunsecker , in the act of lighting , he own cigarette , scarcely look at the man as he dismiss he : hunsecker I know - that loafer of yours open at the Latin Quarter next week . ( more sharply ) say goodbye , lester ! the florid man retreat . to cover the embarrassment , the Senator make a sally in sidney 's direction . senator May I ask a naive question , Mr. falco ? exactly how do a press agent work ...? sidney and hunsecker sidney do not answer . hunsecker why do not you answer the man , sidalee ? he 's try to take you off the hook . sidney ( to the Senator ) you just have a good example of it . a press agent eat a columnist dirt and be expect to call it manna . resume the agent , the girl and the senator girl what 's manna ? resume hunsecker and sidney hunsecker glance spitefully at the girl . hunsecker Heaven dust . resume the agent , the girl and the senator the Senator continue to sidney : senator but do not you help columnist by furnish they with item ? resume sidney and hunsecker sidney lean forward , indicate to the Senator some of the item of paper that litter the table in front of hunsecker ; this be both handwritten note and mimeograph sheet , scrap of assort item from professional and amateur agent who supply the columnist . sidney finger some of they . sidney sure , columnist can not get along without we . only we good and great friend , j.j. , forget to mention that . we furnish he with item - sidney lift a mimeograph sheet , as a example . hunsecker what , some cheap , gruesome gag ? sidney ( to hunsecker now ) you print they , do not you ? hunsecker yes , with you client ' name attach . that 's the only reason that poor slob pay you - to see they name in my column all over the world ! now , as I make it out , you be do I a favor ! sidney I do not say that , j.j. hunsecker the day that I can not get along without press agent ' handout , I will close up shop , lock , stock and barrel and move to Alaska . the agent , the girl and the senator the agent make the mistake of try to agree with hunsecker . agent ( nodd ) sweep out my igloo , here I come . camera pull back as hunsecker lean forward across the table . he vent upon the unfortunate agent some of the annoyance prompt by sidney 's impertinence . hunsecker ( to the agent ) look , manny , you ride in here on the Senator 's shirt tail , so shut you mouth ! the Senator do not like this treatment of other and he manner and face show it . senator ( slowly ) now , come , j.j. , that 's a little too harsh . anyone seem fair game for you tonight . hunsecker ( not as harsh , but -) this man be not for you , harvey , and you should not be see with he in public . because that 's another part of a press agent life - he dig up scandal among prominent man and shovel it thin among the columnist who give he space . senator he find hunsecker 's manner disturbing , but address he frontally . senator there be some allusion here that escape I ... hunsecker hunsecker ( a edge of threat ) we be friend , harvey - we go as far back as when you be a fresh kid Congressman , do not we ? resume senator senator why do everything you say sound like a threat ? resume hunsecker he lean back , speak more quietly , enjoy himself . hunsecker maybe it 's a mannerism - because I do not threaten friend , harvey . but why furnish you enemy with ammunition ? you be a family man . someday , with God willing , you may wanna be President . now here you be , harvey , out in the open where any hep person know that this one ... agent hunsecker lean into shot point directly at the agent . hunsecker ( continue ) ... be tote that one ... hunsecker point to the girl and the camera make a slight crab movement to include the girl as hunsecker point in turn to she . hunsecker ( continue ) ... around for you ... another camera movement . now hunsecker be directly challenging the Senator . resume hunsecker he smile disarmingly . hunsecker ( continue ) ... be we kid or what ?... hunsecker rise . group shot as hunsecker stand up , sidney follow suit . the agent , very nervous , get to he foot and the girl do likewise . the Senator , whose face be sober , also rise from the table . hunsecker ( to the Senator , affably ) next time you come up , you might join I at my tv show . with sidney make way for he , hunsecker walk round the end of the table to the Senator . the Senator face hunsecker solemnly . senator ( quietly and cautiously ) thank you , j.j. , for what I consider sound advice . hunsecker match the Senator 's solemnity . hunsecker ( deadpan ) go , thou , and sin no more . hunsecker move out of shot . sidney murmur a " pleased to meet you " to the Senator ; then he follow hunsecker . the Senator remain look after hunsecker . behind he , the agent and the girl , watch he apprehensively . the Senator , he face now show the trace of guilt which he do not reveal to hunsecker , seem unwilling to turn back to face they . on the way to the foyer hunsecker and sidney . hunsecker address the Captain on he way out of the restaurant . hunsecker Mac , do not let the Senator pay that check ... captain I will take care of it , Mr. hunsecker . camera track with hunsecker and sidney as they move out towards the hat check stand . hunsecker ( murmure ) President ! my big toe would make a better President ! by now they be at the coatroom , hunsecker smile . attendant Mr. hunsecker 's coat , Joe . hunsecker find I a good one , Joe . he accept the profer coat as he move past camera . longer shot - night the doorman on the sidewalk have notice hunsecker , almost before the columnist have appear . the doorman wheel , snap he finger and signal towards the car park attendant , who can be see at some distance in the background under the light of the kinney car Park . the attendant be see to react with alacrity , run into the Park . hunsecker put on he overcoat , he address another of the captain who have escort he out of the Club . hunsecker Dan , anyone call , tell them I will be at the Morocco , maybe the ember . dan very good , Mr. hunsecker . sidney catch up with hunsecker as he move out onto the sidewalk . hunsecker where 's you coat , sidalee ? save tip ? sidney think of a impertinent reply , decide not to be draw and say nothing . hunsecker ( to sidney ) my curiosity be kill I ; what be you so rambunctious about tonight ? sidney again do not answer ; this time he point across the street ... sidney there 's you fat friend . longer shot - police car - night the car be frame in foreground ; we can read the sign police attach to the visor . two man in plain-clothes , detective , be in the front seat . the man nearest be harry kello . wanting to look like a prosperous business man , kello look soft , fat , mild and well - barber ; but he be dangerous ; he know it and enjoy it . with " big shot " he be playful and kid , always say just enough , not too much . he be very relaxed , and mild in manner , but underneath there be not only a animal energy , but a feral press at you . his voice be on the hoarse side . he measure situation automatically and instantly . the police radio be chatter . also in evidence be the telephone , the radio link with headquarters . the detective at the wheel nudge kello , point across the street . kello get out of the car and move to meet the columnist . hunsecker ( as he approach ) hello , Harry . kello ( cheerfully ) bonna sera , commendatore . come sta ? sidney follow a couple of pace behind hunsecker ; he be in no hurry to meet the detective , whom he clearly dislike . hunsecker ( turn to sidney ) you see , sidalee , that show that Lt. kello like you people . reverse on kello kello offer he hand to hunsecker . kello it 's my Brooklyn background , j.j. I be good on yiddish , too . hunsecker accept the handshake , wince with pretend pain at what be clearly a over-enthusiastic grip . hunsecker Harry , be I suppose to say " uncle " ? kello laugh , release the grip ; hunsecker stroll past he stoops to lean into the car listen to the police call on the radio . hunsecker anything fit to print , tonight ? ( to the policeman in the car ) hello , phil . how're the kid . the detective inside the car answer , respectfully . phil Fine , Mr. hunsecker . hunsecker any news fit to print tonight ? kello ( join hunsecker ) I just check " downtown " . quiet everywhere tonight . hunsecker incidentally , what happen to that doll ? - you give I the item last night . still alive ? kello yeah . at Bellevue . still hang on . but they still do not know if she be push . hunsecker she mighta jump . Love suicide ? ( to the policeman in the car ) check it for I , phil ... it 's a real heart throb . while phil lift the radio phone , call headquarters , hunsecker turn back to kello and sidney . another angle mischievously , hunsecker nod at sidney . hunsecker ( to kello ) say hello to sidney falco . tickle he - he 's be a bad boy tonight . he call you my fat friend . kello ( mildly ) I do not believe it . instantly aware that j.j. be toy with sidney , kello offer he large hand to sidney , who refuse it . sidney I know ... I know you be the strongest cop in town . kello ( with a laugh ) I call he the boy with the ice cream face ! hunsecker ( laugh ) say , that 's good - it 's nice - in fact , it 's apt , Harry ! kello ( modestly ) yeah , I get eye . I put thing together . hunsecker I remember once when you do not quite " put thing together " . Boy ! be the Mayor mad ! the memory of something unpleasant cloud kello 's face . kello citizen committee ! I do not mean to hit the boy that hard . yeah , that 's when a feller need a friend and I will not forget he initial , j.j. the policeman in the car stick he head out of the window . phil ( to hunsecker ) she die twenty minute ago , Mr. hunsecker . they be still investigate . hunsecker ( shaking he head with total dismissal ) that 's show business . thanks , phil. ( to kello ) see you . another angle - 52nd STREET - night kello get into the police car . kello ( as he do so ) hasta La vista , j.j. hasta luego . another angle - 52nd ST . - night the car move off eastward . sidney and hunsecker walk westward . sidney , fall into step with hunsecker , glance back at the depart police car . sidney spahish ... that must show he like " spig " , too . hunsecker I like Harry , but I can not deny he sweat a little . camera now shoot down 52nd Street . hunsecker , back to camera , study the evening , hearing the sound of a screech of female laughter from one of the group in the distance . a drunk be be throw out of one of the strip tease joint . hunsecker I love this dirty town . amuse , hunsecker turn back ; he signal across the street to the car park , indicate that the big black lincoln Continental should follow as he stroll with sidney . hunsecker . sidney following . hunsecker ( after a pause ) conjugate I a verb , sidney . for instance , to promise ! camera track with they in a close two shot . sidney be alert now . hunsecker ( continue ) you tell I you would break up that romance - when ? sidney ( hesitantly ) you want something do , j.j. , but I doubt if you yourself know what 's involved . hunsecker ( soft and sardonic ) I be a schoolboy - teach I , teach I . sidney ( carefully ) why not break it up yourself ? you could do it in two minute flat . hunsecker pause , halt . hunsecker ( harshly ) at this late date you need explanation ...? susie 's all I get - now that she 's grow up , I want my relationship with she to stay at least at par ! I do not intend to antagonize she if I do not have to . ( start to walk again ) now , be warn , son - I will have to blitz you ... sidney follow quickly . sidney frankly , j.j. , I do not think you get the card to blitz I . hunsecker I do not ? sidney correct I if I be wrong , but I do not think so ... hunsecker ( turn to eye he ) I will listen one more minute . sidney step in front of hunsecker , block he way for a moment . sidney ( very rapidly ) about a year ago , you ask I to do a favor . it be a thing - well , I never do a thing that dirty in all my life . hunsecker , totally disinterested in sidney 's problem of conscience , signal to he car again , walk past sidney , who continue rapidly : sidney awright , that bring we up to five week ago . " sidney , I get a nasty little problem here . " do I say no ? I be frank to admit - it do not jell as fast as we like ... but all of a sudden I can't get you on the phone no more ! why ?... and why , as of this date , be I freeze out of the column ... hunsecker ( scornfully ) be you finish ? sidney ( quickly ) no , lemme finish . I don't like this job ! that boy be dumb only on matinee day - otherwise he 's get a head . and Susan , like you say , she 's grow up . two head . what I mean , we get a slippery , dangerous problem here ! hunsecker ( incisively ) not " we " , sidney , you ! sidney ( gamely ) correct I if I be wrong - we ! because when I be out on this very slippery limb for you , you have to know what 's involved . hunsecker ( sardonically ) ha ! my right hand have not see my leave hand for thirty year ! sidney quickly move into j.j. 's path , desperate to hold he attention . sidney I will do it , j.j. - do not get I wrong - in for a penny , in for a pound . I will see it through , but stop beat I around the head . let I make a live ! hunsecker ( he mouth tight and mean ) what you promise - do it ! do not finagle around . it 's later than you think . hunsecker walk past sidney , now make for the car at which the attendant still wait . sidney ( as hunsecker pass he ) Excuse it , but it 's later than you think . that boy propose tonight . hunsecker hunsecker be hit : he stop in he stride ; he pause and he turn slowly to look at sidney . lower , he hesitates , mind click ... hunsecker susie tell you that ...? reverse angle - favoring sidney sidney , he eye bright , nod . hunsecker study sidney , then : hunsecker no wonder you have be so ' feisty ' tonight . a pause . hunsecker ( quietly ) can you deliver ? sidney nod . sidney uh huh . hunsecker when ? sidney tonight . before you go to bed . the cat be in the bag and the bag be in the river . hunsecker expressionless , he examine sidney . then he walk off toward the car . he tip the attendant , who thanks he , but instead of get into the back of the car , he make a small authoritative gesture to nikko ( double ) to move over so that hunsecker himself may drive . while nikko do so , hunsecker turn back to sidney , whom the camera now include . hunsecker ( quietly ) do not be a two time loser , sidalee . the sentence could be severe ... sidney he be satisfied . hunsecker hunsecker get into the driver 's seat beside nikko , the japanese houseboy . camera be close on hunsecker who do not look back but be clearly aware of the position of sidney as he put the car into gear , revving the engine ... sidney - night the big car accelerate with impressive power . in do so , it send a cloud of fume and a swirl of dust in sidney 's direction . he leap out of the way , too late . camera move closer to he as , with anger and ignominy he inspect he precious clothing for damage . but , as he look after the car , he face harden into grim humor ; he sense that this petty gesture from hunsecker be a indication of he vulnerability , not he strength . as , dusting he coat , sidney walk away , camera rise , watch he jaunty figure cross the street in the direction of 51st Street . quick lap dissolve to : int . toot shor's restaurant a long shot look over the round bar towards the entrance . sidney come in through the revolve door and come toward camera . his eye search among the crowd . closer angle reverse angle . a captain approach sidney . captain hello , sidney . wanna table ? sidney ( shaking he head ) just hopping tonight . Leo bartha be in ? captain yeah , have supper with the Mrs . she 's over there . the Captain nod towards a booth on the other side of the bar where Mrs. bartha be sit alone . see that bartha be not with she , the Captain look around the bar ... captain he 's somewhere ... sidney ( interrupt ) thanks , I see he ... sidney be look back towards the entrance hall , where ... bartha bartha come forward ( from the Men 's room ) pass the Captain and sidney . sidney move to intercept he . sidney hello , Leo . how go that Sunday piece on cigarette girl ? another angle a close shot on bartha as he turn towards sidney , stop . bartha ( cautiously ) who tell you about it ? sidney sidney smile at bartha , but the threat be clear . sidney the cigarettes girl ... rita . and she take out all she hairpin , too . resume bartha he throw a quick glance at he wife in the booth in background . camera pull back as sidney , who have note the look , move closer to bartha . sidney I never have the pleasure of meeting you wife . you know what I wonder , Leo ? could you use a hot little item for tomorrow 's column ? sidney be pull out of he pocket a pad on which to scribble the item . but bartha face he squarely , speak sotto voce but with emphasis : bartha what be this , blackmail ? beat it ! bartha turn on he heel and turn to walk towards he wife beyond . sidney sidney 's face tighten . after a pause , he make a decision and walk towards the booth . bartha and he wife bartha 's wife be read a tabloid and sip champagne while she husband resume eat a sandwich . this two be antagonist in a long war . sidney come up to the table , repeat : sidney Leo , I have never have the pleasure of meeting you wife ... bartha look up . what can he do ? begrudgingly : bartha Loretta ... sidney falco ... wife ( chatty ) how do you do , Mr. falco . if you know anything about horse , sit a minute . help yourself to a glass of this n.y . State champagne - that 's what my husband busy I . Mrs. bartha push the champagne bottle in sidney 's direction as sidney sit pleasantly ; bartha concentrate on he sandwich . sidney all the import wine be not what they be crack up to be . wife whose side be you on , Mr. falco , he or mine ? sidney frankly , Mrs. bartha , I be a neutral observer for the United Nations . wife Mrs. bartha laugh , enjoy he deftness ; then : wife what 's you first name ? sidney ( over scene ) sidney . Mrs. bartha turn to concentrate on the name in the racing column of the tabloid . wife ( search the column ) no horse run tomorrow by that name ... bartha , wife and sidney a angle favor bartha and sidney . bartha glower at he wife , resent the fact that she have permit sidney to join they . bartha you ought to stop this nonsense , Loretta , this two dollar bet . wife ( cheerfully ) it 's compensation , Leo , for the marginal life we lead . ( to sidney ) sidney , do you hear the story about the cloak - and - suitor who -- ? bartha ( sharply interrupt ) that 's right ! tell he , so I can read it in hunsecker 's column first ! wife ( to sidney , brightly ) oh , be you a spy for the other side ? sidney no , I actually sit down to give Leo a item . produce he pad again , begin to write on it . wife Leo , he want to give you a item - do not be sullen . bartha note sidney 's write . bartha ( to he wife ) will you mind you own business ! wife ( calmly ) Hitler ! she return to she paper , ignore they , sidney finish scribbling the item . sidney just in case you would like to print it , Leo . it 's a blind - no name mention . but for you private information , the guy 's name be Dallas . he push the item to bartha , who read it , briefly . meanwhile : wife ( concentrate on the tabloid ) there be not a single name here that give off vibration ... bartha push the item back towards sidney . sidney glance quickly at bartha 's stony face then , significantly , turn towards he wife . sidney anything there with a name like " cigarette girl " ? bartha raise he head , look squarely at sidney with contempt and anger . his wife be unaware of this reaction . still look at the paper , she murmur : wife mmmmmm ... " cigarette girl " ... no , no horse with a name like that ... sidney push the item back towards bartha . wife Mrs. bartha 's attention be attract by sidney 's gesture . she look up , make aware of this strange by -play . bartha and sidney a close two shot . sidney wait ; bartha be white - lipped , but push the item back again : bartha I do not print blind item . resume wife she look from sidney to she husband and back . wife what be this , chess or checker ...? resume bartha , mrs . bartha and sidney the three shot favor bartha and sidney . both sidney and bartha be now aware of Mrs. bartha 's curiosity . sidney ( pointedly ) neither do hunsecker . ( fractional pause ) he like to use the real name ... a moment of chill silence . then bartha get to he foot , signal for a waiter . as sidney rise also : wife where be we run ? what be I miss here ? bartha waiter , the check . ( to wife ) this man be try to hold a gun to my head ! wife ( abruptly ) that 's the horse ! shotgun - shotgun in the fifth ! she quickly study she newspaper again . as quickly , bartha lean across the table and snatch it out of she hand . in do so , he upset the glass of champagne , which contain only a few drop . sidney and bartha bartha turn challengingly to sidney . bartha ( sternly ) what do you want to tell my wife , sidney ...? wife she be brush she lap with she napkin . wife ( indignantly ) he want to tell I that you pour champagne all over my lap . resume bartha and sidney bartha ignore she , again challenge sidney . bartha go on , tell she , I be wait ! sidney ( flustered ) what be you talk about ? be you nut or what ? the waiter arrive in picture beside they , put the check on the table and go . bartha pick it up . resume wife still mop she dress with she napkin , she wait for she husband to speak . bartha he glance unhappily at he wife . bartha lorry , I can not let this man blackmail I ... mrs . bartha , bartha and sidney a three shot favor Mrs. bartha , she husband and sidney in foreground . wife blackmail ...? sidney decide to retreat . he turn , start to go . but bartha block he way , hold sidney and explain to the wife . bartha he want I to print a dirty smear item for keep he mouth shut a momentarily pause . then : wife about what ? resume bartha he be uneasy , ashamed of himself . bartha foolishly , lorry , and I hope you will understand ... this cigarette girl ... I be kid around with she ... this girl , I mean ... I be kid around and she take it seriously . it be a case of bad judgment , lorry , bad taste ... and I be just sorry , lorry , that 's all ... resume wife she say nothing . resume bartha , sidney and mrs . bartha the angle favor bartha and sidney , Mrs. bartha in foreground . bartha now turn on sidney . bartha you friend hunsecker - you can tell he for I - he 's a disgrace to he profession . never mind my bilious private life - I print a decent , responsible column - that 's the way it stay ! you man - there 's nothing he will not print if it satisfy he vanity or he spite ! he will use any spice to pepper up he daily garbage ! tell he I say so and that , like yourself , he 's get the moral of a guinea pig and the scruples of a gangster ! sidney try to brazen it out , sneering : sidney what do I do now ? whistle " the star and stripe forever ? " Mrs. bartha slide along the seat , reach for she fur . mrs . bartha camera pull back with she as she collect she belonging , slide out between the table and come forward , pass sidney to she husband . wife ( lightly ) what you do now , Mr. falco , be crow like a hen - you have just laid a egg . she present she fur to she husband , and turn she back , invite he to put it around she shoulder . bartha and wife another angle , favor bartha . he have not fully understand the significance of he wife 's gesture . he study she . she confirm he hope as she add : wife Leo , this be one of the cleanest thing I have see you do in year ... with the fur around she shoulder , she turn and take she husband 's arm with some pride . they walk away . camera erase back to include sidney . he be angry at himself - more for the failure of he effort at blackmail than any sense of shame at the attempt . otis elwell a medium long shot . at a booth on the other side of the bar sit a dapper gentleman with a twinkle of malice in he eye . he have be watch the altercation with keen interest and satisfaction . elwell give some instruction to a waiter who be serve he with drink , point towards sidney . sidney sidney 's face show a burn resentment . he glance about he to see how much of the embarrassing scene have be observe . as he move away , the waiter walk into shot , address he . waiter a waiter approach sidney . he have a message . waiter otis elwell want to see you , sidney . the waiter nod towards the other side of the circular bar . sidney , he humiliation and rage still burn , look off towards ... otis elwell from sidney 's viewpoint . elwell beckon . sidney he come round the circular bar . he show no eagerness to join elwell , but approach the table . elwell make a gesture , invite sidney to sit . sidney do not accept it . elwell ( pleasantly ) I see bartha give you cold tongue for supper . ( as sidney start to leave ) hey , wait a minute ! sidney ( hesitate ) I be late for a date with a dame . then , return , he lean over the table address elwell with quiet anger . sidney otis , if you be try to blow this brawl into a item for you column - forget it ! reverse angle across sidney and elwell . elwell be quietly enjoy sidney 's display of hurt dignity . elwell ( affably ) how be dear old j.j. by the way ? sidney ( he anger relapsing ) call he up and ask - he might drop dead with shock . elwell ( lightly ) if it be that easy , you would not find a empty phone booth for the next two hour ... sidney a close shot . while elwell continue , he be not look at sidney . elwell 's expression of dislike of hunsecker be not overemphatic ; but sidney sense , nevertheless , that it be very real - and this give he a new idea . elwell ( continue over scene ) ... talk of a wake ! - they would club each other to cater the affair for free ! resume elwell and sidney elwell look up at sidney as he continue . elwell ( happily ) by the way , do I hear something about j.j. give you the flit gun treatment - he shut you out of the column . ( amused ) why ? reverse angle sidney have rapidly resume he manner of resentment ( in order to exploit elwell 's dislike of hunsecker ) . sidney you do not know that lunatic yet ? whim - egotistic whim ! like the gag - when you get he for a friend , you do not need a enemy ! ( a pause , then : ) that 's what the fight with bartha be about . " Leo " , I say , " hunsecker froze I out . so I be eat humble pie this month - please print I a item . " elwell ( pleased ) and , instead , he print he heel in you face ? sidney ( morose ) I see you be full of human feeling ... elwell he have lose interest in sidney . elwell ( with a shrug ) like most of the human race , sidney , I be bored . I would go a mile for a chuckle ... elwell 's voice fade : he attention have be catch by ... reverse angle ... three people be pass the table , squeezing they way past ; a man with two very fetching young woman . elwell 's eye be rivete to the anatomy that be temptingly display . sidney ( note elwell 's preoccupation ) ... and two mile for a pretty girl ...? elwell he be unembarrassed at sidney 's all - too- accurate estimate . elwell ( lightly ) Three ... even four ... elwell turn back towards the papers on he table , a zippere document case and some publication among which a columnist might search for scandal ; among this be a magazine of semipornographic nature . elwell ( continue , casually ) then you be really wash up with hunsecker ...? reverse angle the nature of elwell 's read taste be also not lose on sidney . with he eye glance at the magazine , sidney now accept the original offer to sit down . he produce the slip of paper that bartha reject , offer it as illustration . sidney this be how much I be wash with j.j.... as elwell read , sidney continue give a pass scrutiny - apparently casual - to a picture of a girl on the magazine cover . sidney look , otis , I make no brief for my bilious private life , but he 's get the moral of a guinea pig and the scruples of a gangster . elwell show no undue enthusiasm for the item . elwell ( dryly ) a fine , fat dirty item . ( offer it back to sidney ) who 's it about ? but sidney do not take the paper back ; he explain : sidney a kid name Dallas , who run a dinky jazz quintet . ( he lean closer ) he keep company with j.j. 's screwball sister ... elwell this do get a reaction , a flicker of genuine interest . elwell read the item for a second time . sidney and elwell watch elwell read , sidney encourage : sidney it 's a real goody if , like I , you wanna clobber j.j.! now elwell lay the item down in front of he . clearly , he be consider it . sidney prompt again . sidney he 's get he tv tomorrow . he would read it just before rehearsals . elwell nod . but he be still reluctant . elwell ( cautiously ) mmm. trouble be I can not think of any good reason why I should print anything you give I . I can not even think of a bad reason . sidney sidney drop he eye to the magazine once more . he finger it in a preoccupy but significant way . sidney ( gently ) suppose I introduce you to a lovely reason , otis . one that 's good and bad ... and available ? elwell his eye go from the magazine to sidney ; he get the point alright . elwell I be not a unreasonable man ... elwell reach for the slip of paper once more . sidney and elwell in pick it up , elwell clearly imply he readiness to accept the item - on condition . sidney , in he turn , get this point . he turn towards the pass waiter . sidney waiter ! the check . lap dissolve to : int . sidney' apartment - night rita be in the bedroom . she appear to have some familiarity to the premise ... she hear the doorbell . she make swift adjustment to she appearance and take a swift gulp of a drink as she carry it through to answer the door . sidney' office the outer room be light only by one of the lamp on the desk . rita cross and go to the door . sidney 's shadow can be see through the frost glass . at the door , rita open it slowly and with a seductive manner . rita ( coyly ) hi! sidney step into the room . rita begin to close the door prior to step into he embrace . sidney put one arm about she . but now she react to ... another angle otis elwell stand on the landing outside . in most gentlemanly fashion , he take off he hat . rita this new arrival get a dismal reaction from the girl . sidney ( unembarrassed ) rita , say hello to otis elwell . rita ( with no welcome whatsoever ) hello . another angle elwell be not unaware of he cool reception . he glance at sidney as he come into the room . but he manner be suave . elwell Friends call I otis - sometimes tricky otis . sidney otis be outrage when I tell he Van cleve be go to fire you . tell he not to pay any attention to anything you - know - who say about you - know - what . ( to otis ) right , otis ? elwell right ! elwell sit down on the sette , stretch he limb , smile at the girl . rita still say nothing . sidney mistake she attitude for acquiescence . he swallow he drink , set it down . sidney I think you two could talk the whole thing over till I get back . rita look at he sharply . rita back ? sidney one of that business meeting , honey - always come up in the middle of the night . he grin at rita . she do not respond . turn , she go swiftly through the door into the bedroom . rita ( sharply ) hold on . you can drop I off on you way ... emphasize the asperity in she voice , she close the door behind she . another angle elwell look at sidney ; sidney look at elwell . elwell get up slowly from the settee . elwell ( amused by acid ) consternation reign ... sidney be uncomfortable , not sure how elwell be take the rejection . elwell glance at he wristwatch , lay down he drink . sidney ( quickly ) now , otis ... elwell shrug , remark pleasantly but with significance : elwell I hate j.j. -- but not that much at this moment ... sidney give I a chance -- he go into the bedroom , close the door after he . int . bedroom rita be in a flurry of indignation . sitting on the bed , she be fasten one high-heele shoe . sidney stand glaring at she . sidney do not you know who that man be ? rita ( bitingly ) yeah . otis elwell . the columnist . sidney ( nodd with emphasis ) yeah ! rita ( aggressively ) and he 's a perfect stranger to I . sidney ( explosively ) so take five minute ! get acquainted ! he 's a important man - he 's lonely - do not be dumb ! rita , who one shoe on , have begin to search for the other . rita what do you want all of a sudden - Lady Godiva ...? where 's my other shoe ? sidney what kind of a act be this ? rita jump to she foot . her righteous indignation be handicapped by the lop-side stance cause by the lack of one shoe . rita do not you think I have any feeling ? what be I ? a bowl of fruit ? a tangerine that peel in a minute ? sidney ( caustic ) I beg you pardon ! I turn myself inside out to help you and now I be a heavy . ( stooping swiftly as he discover she shoe ) here 's you shoe , there 's you coat , that 's the door ! contemptuously he thrust the coat and the shoe into she arm . the positive force of he manner give the girl pause . there be a silence . rita search for word to explain the offense to she sensibility . rita sidney ... i... I do not do this sort of thing ... sidney what sort of thing ? rita ( emphatic ) this sort of thing ! sidney ( as emphatic ) listen , you need he for a favor , do not you ! and so do I ! I need he column -- tonight . ( then ) do not you ask I to do something about you job ? do not you have a kid in military School ? a pause . sidney have strike brutally home . rita 's lower lip tremble . rita you be a snake , falco . you be a louse , a real louse . sidney 's manner become swiftly sympathetic - but still urgent . sidney ( persuasively ) honey - he 's go to help you ! you want to lose you job ? rita begin to waver , she moral indignation lose ground before sidney 's reminder of she dire necessity . rita ( remonstrate ) a girl need a little romance before she - sidney ( cut in ) next time I will call in a guy to paint silver star on the ceiling ! rita ( in a small voice ) what would you think of I if - sidney ( cut in to reassure she ) nothing I do not think of you before . rita ( dryly , with significance ) - that 's what I mean ! this attempt at humor signal to sidney that he have bring she round . he come to she , pat she in a encourage manner - to which she do not respond . he turn to the door , and pick up the glass she have set down on the table behind it . sidney ( as he open the door ) how many snort do it take to put you in that tropical Island mood ? sidney go out . sidney' office elwell overhear the last remark and as sidney pass he , he wink . while sidney pour another drink , elwell face the doorway . rita come into it , stand on the threshold . she be still far from enthusiastic . elwell ( a inspiration ) Havana ! that 's where we meet ! rita shake she head morosely . sidney come and put a stiff drink into she hand . elwell raise the glass toast the girl , encourage she to drink . rita respond dimly . rita ( to otis ) here 's mud in you column ! sidney laugh , more from relief than from the joke . sidney blessing on thee , the both ... well ... gotta run now . see you two kid later ! elwell ( lightly ) hurry back . at the door sidney take cheerful leave of they . sidney do not do anything I would not do . that give you lot of leeway . hallway outside sidney' apartment close the door , sidney seem pleased with himself . he go swiftly down the stair . int . sidney' office rita remain on the threshold of the doorway between the two room . there be a uncomfortable silence . elwell carry it off by come to the girl , offer she a cigarette . she accept it . elwell study she , smile affectionately . rita meet he eye , avoid they again , then quietly offer the information : rita Palm Springs . two year ago . elwell begin to laugh . whatever the memory , it seem to amuse he vastly because he continue to laugh . elwell ( delighted ) that 's right ! rita drink . she add glumly : rita do not tell sidney . elwell continue to laugh as we ... CUT to : orange juice stand - night shoot east on 46th Street walk sidney , come out of the entrance of he apartment , towards camera . he be pleased with himself , satisfied with he ingenuity in deal with rita and bartha . the street behind he be dark and empty ( it be about 3:00 in the morning ) . camera move with sidney as he step briskly into the orange juice stand and lift the receiver from the pay telephone . there be no other customer at the counter , but the man behind be squeezing orange halve for the day ahead , pile up a mountain of empty some of which fall at sidney 's foot . ext . hunsecker' penthouse - night camera shoot up at the penthouse on the roof of the brill bldg . the budweiser sign be extinguish , a black silhouette against the sky . a light burn in the window of hunsecker 's apartment . int . hunsecker' penthouse - night the ringing of the telephone be hear in the big room - a impressively furnish apartment which have a decor indicate that the owner think of himself in epic term . camera move to discover hunsecker in robe and pajamas , tapping at he typewriter . take he leisurely time , he pick up the phone and eventually answer it . hunsecker ( to phone ) yes ...? you sound happy , sidney . why should you be happy when I be not ? ( then ) I will see the papers when I get up . how do you spell Picasso , the french painter ? ( languidly write down Picasso on he scratch pad , answer a query , dryly ) it 's a item - I hear he go out with three - eye girl . orange juice stand - night camera shoot past sidney at the phone toward Broadway , which be now desert . a street - flush truck go by , move through the dead city . sidney ( to phone ) it would be nice if you mention r-o-b-a-r-d - robard 's jazz joint -- it 's he 20th anniversary . do not begrudge it to I , j.j. - I owe he lot of favor . ( glance toward the attendant to see that he have not overhear ) I think you understand , do not you , that the Dallas skull be badly dent ? oh , real bad ... start today , you can play marble with he eyeball . ( even coquett ) do not hold out on I , j.j. , mention robard . r.o. - ( hang up and walk to street ) hunsecker' penthouse - night hunsecker be write robard 's name on he pad , but he say into the phone : hunsecker we shall see what we shall see ... ( lazily ) and do not ever use this apartment phone again ; I have a nervous sister . he cradle the phone , look at it for a moment , switch he eye and then physically follow they , rise to stroll towards the glass door onto the terrace . he move out and turn aside to look in at the adjoin window , which belong to Susan 's bedroom . int . susan's bedroom - night camera shoot across Susan in foreground ; she be asleep , a tired , helpless , sweet kid . the figure of she brother be see - a dark shape on the terrace outside . he move away across the terrace . ext . terrace - night hunsecker turn from the window . camera be close on he brood face . camera track with he as he cross towards the parapet . at this height there be a wind which blow he hair and the movement of the camera emphasize a remarkable vista of the New York skyline . the building be now dark , only a few of the electric sign be leave on all night . camera come to rest look over hunsecker 's shoulder ; it tilt downward to a view of Broadway below , duffy Square in the distance . hunsecker - night a close - up ; hunsecker be look down on he " kingdom " . but there be little love in the man 's face , only authoritarian power . ext . from the terrace - night from hunsecker 's viewpoint . the street empty , except for a occasional pass taxi . the street flush truck come up Broadway from duffy Square ... lap dissolve through to : ext . from the terrace - day the identical camera set-up . through the dissolve the light change from night to day ; Broadway magically become a roaring stream of traffic . ext . globe build - day in foreground a news vendor . sidney come out of the exit of a subway , reach for he pocket as he approach the news vendor who offer he a paper . news vendor the Globe ? sidney ( shaking he head ) gimme the record . sidney busy and open the paper . camera move closer to shoot over he shoulder . we see the gossip column which bear a photograph of otis elwell at the top . smirk with satisfaction , sidney turn away from the camera and throw the paper into a trash basket before he disappear into the impressive entrance of a large office building . the sign above the doorway read : the new york globe . quick dissolve to : int . globe build Mary , hunsecker 's secretary , occupy a cubicle which be separate form the rest of the newsroom by a partition . from the big room beyond , come the hum and chatter of a big newspaper . the wall of the urgent murmur of the staff of a big newspaper . the wall of Mary 's cubicle be cover with photograph ; filing cabinet be pile high with unopen mail ; two wire service teletype machine click desultorily . Mary be plain but attractive , past 30 , a level - head woman with a sense of integrity . she be on the phone just now , bored with the insistent voice on the other end . beside she a earnest young lawyer wait with several papers in hand . mary ( to phone ) I have no power to retract , Mr. cumming ... I be only Mr. hunsecker 's secretary . no. nor can I agree that can retraction be necessary . thank you for call . sidney have come through the newsroom in background . he pause tactfully , see Mary occupy with the lawyer . lawyer ( huffily ) I fail to see what 's amusing about this papers . mary I will get the boss to sign they . lawyer ( give she the papers ) they be important . mary you have say that six time - that 's why I be smile . as the disgruntled lawyer leave , sidney come in , wear he most win smile . with a glance after the lawyer , make sure that he be not observe , sidney greet Mary , assume a brogue : sidney hello , Mary , I darlin ' and phwat be ye up to today ? sidney 's hand caress she shoulder with a gesture which indicate a certain intimacy between they . mary that 's a question I usually like to ask you . you secretary phone . sidney what about ? mary ( shrugging ) something about a Frank d'angelo try to reach you ... sidney reach for the phone . as he do so , Mary hesitates and glance at a copy of the record which lie on the desk open at otis elwell 's column . she pick it up . mary ( continue ) be that the man who manage susie 's boyfriend ? sidney murmur casually , " yeah . why ? " as he dial . Mary hold up the paper , indicate the item . mary have you see this ? in otis elwell 's column . ( read ) " the dreamy marijuana smoke of a lad who head a highbrow jazz quintet be give a inelegant odor to that elegant East side Club where he work . that 's no way for a card-hold Party member to act . Moscow will not like , you naughty boy ! " sidney accept the paper from Mary , examine the item while he talk to Sally on the phone . sidney ( into phone ) Sally ? I get the message . if d'angelo call again , tell he I will be at the office around noon . he hang up , continue to read . mary could this be that boy ? sidney ( casually ) Dallas ? could be . he do not look like a reefer smoker ... he discard the paper with a show of disinterest . Mary pick it up again . mary ( look at the record again ) if this be true , j.j. 's go to hit the ceiling ... sidney move around behind Mary . his eye be fix on a spike which sit on Mary 's desk . on it be impale a proof of hunsecker 's column . meanwhile , he remark : sidney can it be news to you that j.j. 's ceiling need a plaster job every six week ? insert from sidney 's viewpoint , hunsecker 's column . the shot be just too distant for we to be able to read the print . sidney and mary sidney be look at the column . Mary be concentrate on papers before she . without look up , she be clearly aware of sidney 's effort to read the proof . mary ( quietly ) sidney , you know that j.j. do not like people to look at the column proof in advance ... sidney , catch " in flagrante " , laugh . sidney Mary , I be not " people " - there 's falco blood , sweat and tear in that column . he turn away , change the subject ( apparently ) . sidney how about dinner tonight ? Mary turn to study he . mary bribe I again ? sidney ( uncomfortable under she scrutiny ) and why should I bribe the woman who hold most of my heart ? Mary be thoughtful . without malice , in a detach sort of way , she examine sidney . mary you be a real rascal , sidney . I would certainly dislike you if I do not like you . you be a amusing boy , but there be not a drop of respect in you for anything alive - you be too immerse in the theology of make a fast buck . not that I do not sometimes feel that you yearn for something better ... sidney find this analysis hard to take . again he try to laugh he way out of it . sidney ( cynical ) Mary , do not try to sell I the Brooklyn Bridge . I happen to know it belong to the dodger . Mary , smile , decide " to let he off the hook " . she take the spike and the column and pass it across to sidney 's side of the desk , as she return briskly to she business . mary ( affably ) I do not mind you look at the proof of the column in advance , as long as j.j. do not know . but do not do it like a boy steal gum from a slot machine . sidney do not like this ; but , on the other hand , he do want to look at the column . after only a momentary struggle , he pick the column off the spike and read . sidney who put this item in about the comic ? ( read ) " if there 's a more hilarious funny man around than herbie Temple at the Palace , you will have to pardon we for not catch the name . we be too busy scream . " do this Temple have a press agent ? mary no . it 's one of j.j. 's occasional beau gestes . evidently the fellow 's funny , so he give he a plug . he go to the door , grin . sidney what 's you favorite ribbon to go around you favorite chocolate ? mary let 's wait till Christmas - it 's more legitimate then . she look after sidney , think about he for a moment . then she type . ext . palace theatre - day sidney come down 47th Street from Broadway , make for the stage door entrance of the Palace theatre . he walk confidently into the alleyway , pay no attention to the old doorman gossipe with the shoeshine boy at the chair next to the entrance . the doorman turn , protest : doorman ( call out ) hey ! lap dissolve to : sidney , without halting , look back towards the doorman , address he with the patronize manner of a superior . sidney herbit Temple here yet ? doorman yeah , but you can not come in now ! sidney I be in , sonny Boy ! he be already on he way into doorway . int . backstage of palace theatre the movie will soon by finish and the comedian who open the stage show be ready and make - up in the wing . he sit with he agent , ( al evan ) a small , worried , bespectacle man , who wave a unlight cigar as big as himself . they converse in loud whisper , talk against the muffle and echoing sound of the film sound track , silhouett against the ghostly , distort image on the big screen see at a weird angle behind they . evan I do not waste word , herbie , take my word . I say , " look , figo , I be not sell you a dozen egg , I be sell you herbie temple " , I say , so do not gimme you lip ! the comedian , herbie Temple , look up . sidney come through a fire - proof door which separate the stage from the corridor to dress room . in background two chorus girl in costume be squeeze into a telephone booth . sidney join the comedian and the agent ; he smile to the comedian , while he address the agent . sidney hiya , Al ! the agent look from sidney to Temple , surprised and displease . evan since when do you two get acquainted ? sidney have clearly never meet Evans ; blandly he choose to regard the agent 's remark as a introduction ; he offer he hand with generous amiability . sidney how do you do , Mr. Temple ... the comic accept the hand doubtfully . evan ( uncertain ) delighted . sidney I be sidney falco . temple ( still dubious ) yeah , delighted ... Evans stand up , warn the comic . evan watch this guy , herbie , he 's a press agent . Temple 's smile congeal . temple you watch he , Al , I s...s ... stutter ! sidney ( in no way discourage ) Temple , I catch you act the other night and - temple do you now ? on which bounce ? sidney - and I just have to drop by and tell you how great I think you be . temple ( dryly ) cheer . what time be it , Al ? evan you get ten minute . ( to sidney ) hope you do not mind , falco : we be busy and if - sidney stand up . sidney no , I do not mind . I be busy too . temple ( scowling ) good ! we be all off to utica , so excuse I , Mr. frannis-on - the- portisan . sidney move toward the doorway onto the corridor . the chorus girl have now vacate the phone booth . sidney but can I ask one impertinent question here ? with no criticism intend , because I know , Al , you earn you ten percent , how come you let a sock act like herbie Temple tip - toe through town without a publicity build ...? smiling wise , Evans shake he head . evan we be not buy it , falco - no fish today . sidney press , as if annoyed . sidney I be not sell . I be just curious , that 's all . Temple turn away from sidney , leave he to Evans . temple answer the man , Al , if he ask you a question . Quick , before he think up another ! Evans move to sidney , try to shepherd he out the way he come . evan Mr. Temple do not believe in press agent - do that answer you something ? another angle Evans make the mistake of lay a hand on sidney 's elbow . sidney do not like people touch he . he react in anger , as we have see before - fix a burn eye on Evans . sidney take you hand off , lump ! ( more politely , to Temple ) no one believe in press agent , Temple , when they make claim they can not perform . I get nothing to sell - I do not come here to pedal - but if I tell a client that hunsecker will give he space , it 's not just talk ! sidney stop briskly up the stair into the corridor . Evans , angry , be stall for a moment of delay action by mention of the magic name of hunsecker . evan ( after hesitation ) listen , you bull artist - ! temple let he go , Al ... sidney but sidney have already step to the phone booth and be dial . sidney ( to phone ) hello ? Mary , let I speak to j.j. , please ... it 's sidney falco ... reverse angle shoot past sidney in foreground onto Temple and Evans beyond , they watch he , open-mouthed . sidney note they reaction . sidney ( to phone ) tell he it 's important ... int . sidney' apartment - day gloria be at she desk , bewilder as she speak into the phone . gloria what ? be this sidney ?... resume backstage of palace theatre sidney ( to phone ) sure , I will wait ... while do so , he glance back with disinterest at Evans and Temple . the comedian and the agent exchange look . Evans be uneasy ; he come up the step into the corridor to address sidney with a deflate manner . evan ( hesitant ) look , nobody hire you ! we do not talk any deal , and - with he hand over the mouthpiece , sidney address Evans with contempt . sidney relax , lump ! I tell you I be not sell fish ... ( abruptly reverting to the phone ) j.j... sidney !... how be you , sweetheart ? ( laugh ) yeah ... ( then seriously ) listen , I know it 's late , j.j. , but be it too late to add something important to the column ? ( grin ) no , not a relative , but important ... resume - gloria in int . of sidney' apartment shake she head , gloria place the phone down on the desk , look at it as it chatter away . she consider return to she type , but , worried , pick the phone up again . sidney 's chatter voice be barely audible : " you know herbie Temple , the comic ...? what about he ? he 's at the Palace and he 's great . that 's what about he . and you would do I a big bunny basket of a favor if you would say it in tomorrow 's column . resume backstage palace theatre Temple and Evans be now stare at sidney with considerable respect . reverse angle the comedian and the agent in foreground , sidney still on the phone beyond . sidney yeah , if you get a pencil there I will suggest a word or two . uh...uh ... the comedian and the agent in foreground , sidney still on the phone beyond . sidney ( to phone , continue ) if there 's a funnier man in the world than herbie Temple at the Palace ...uh... pardon we for not catch the name , we be too busy laugh . no , make that ' scream ' . ( then ) it 's sweet of you , j.j. , thanks . probably see you at twenty one tonight . no , for supper , late . right . ' bye ... temple speak to this lad , Al , ... to Mr. falco . sidney see I in my office . he turn and walk away down the corridor . as he vanish , Temple start after he . corridor sidney walk off in the direction of the exit -- ( not so fast that he can not be overtaken ) . Temple hurry into the corridor and come after he . Evans also follow , though not so eagerly . temple wait a minute . ( turn back to encourage Evans ) speak to he , al. ( to sidney , apologetically ) Al make all my deal . sidney permit himself to be detain . sidney ( coolly , look toward Evans ) I do not like a guy that 's quick with the hand . ( to Temple ) Temple , you have be three pass behind for twenty year . this could start you off big - t.v. and anywhere . Evans , not as wholly convinced as the comedian , come up to join they . Temple look at the agent . temple and it would cost a pretty penny , huh ? sidney ( to Evans ) you tell he , I stutter ! evan ( shrewdly ) uh ... why do not we wait till tomorrow ? sidney , shrugging , make a negligent exit . sidney ( as he go ) wait as long as you like - you know where my office be . they look after he . Evans face be cold and suspect , but Temple 's face contain fresh warmth . dissolve to : stair outside sidney' office - day sidney come briskly up the stair . outside he door he pause , listen , hearing the murmur of voice inside . then he walk in casually . int . sidney' office - day sidney step in , close the door . he pretend surprise as he see ... another angle ... Steve and d'angelo wait for he . sidney come into shot . Sally remain at she desk while Steve and d'angelo be silent , look at sidney . sidney ( perkily ) what be here , a wake ? d' angelo rise from the couch , crossing to sidney to hand he a copy of the tabloid , the record . it be fold open at elwell 's column . as he pass it to sidney , d'angelo mark with he thumbnail a item near the bottom of the column . sidney take the paper and read . ( he read a little too quickly . ) then he hand it back to d'angelo . another angle Steve note sidney 's too- perfunctory read . steve you read as you run , do not you ? sidney turn on Steve , coldly : sidney it 's a habit with I . so now I be brief . so what ? steve ( glance at d'angelo ) Frank think I should not have come here - d'angelo ( a quick correction ) Excuse I , Steve . I say namely you should not go around wild , blame people without justification . steve ( watchfully , to sidney ) I think you might have a faint idea of how this item originate . reverse angle favore sidney . he pause . sidney why I ...? steve why not you ? sidney that 's you idea of logic ? I tell the judge I do not murder the man - the judge say , " why not you ? " steve only two man in this town could be responsible for that smear - you or hunsecker or both . sidney ( explosively ) Dallas , ask you own manager - he 's stand here like a pain wolfhound - hunsecker and elwell be enemy to the knife . so how do you get he do j.j. a favor ? steve ( quickly ) it be a favor , be not it ? sidney ( as quickly ) accord to you , yeah . ( continue rapidly and with heat ) Dallas , you mouth be as big as a basket and twice as empty ! I do not like you , comma , but neither do I go along with this column say you smoke marijuana and belong with the reds . also , since we be talk repulsive , j.j. will not like this for two cent ! do not give I that look , Dallas - j.j. believe in fair play . and secondly , this could splatter he sister with rotten egg by implication - you she boyfriend ! resume reverse angle sidney 's manner be a little too vigorous . ( in adopt a aggressive tone , he be really try to needle Steve . ) Steve , though on the verge of lose he temper , be sharp enough to notice the point : steve you be talk very fast . sidney ( expostulate ) well , I will tell you what - excuse I for breathe , will ya ? ( wheeling to Sally ) how do you like it ? he come to my office and - d'angelo sense the danger , d'angelo move forward soothingly between they . d'angelo boy , this get nobody nowhere - you be over excited , Steve and - steve ( sharply ) do not apologize for I , Frank ! d'angelo ... excited with good reason , I want to say . ( to sidney ) because this endanger the future of the whole quintet ... sidney ( lightly ) should I cry ...? Steve , with a glare at both man , go to the phone on Sally 's desk . he dial . d'angelo ( continue ) ... people catch on quick to such a item . Van cleve already call I - he 's fire the quintet . sidney then what be you do here ? go over there and fight ! if Van cleve fire you boy , it give a lie the ring of truth ! in background Steve speak quietly into the phone : steve I want to speak to miss hunsecker , please . d'angelo ( replying to sidney 's question ) we be on we way there now ... sidney ( who have wheeled on Steve ) what be you call she for ...? steve sidney 's reaction to the mention of Susan 's name give Steve food for think . while he wait for Susan to be summon to the phone , he study sidney . steve ( to sidney ) I be the boyfriend , remember ? I hope one day she will be my wife ... ( into the phone , gently ) this be Steve , susie . do not be alarmed , susie , but I want you to look at elwell 's column in the record ...today ... no , about I ... int . hunsecker' penthouse - susan's bedroom - day Susan be on the phone . listen to what Steve say , she be frighten - almost too frighten ; it be as if , in some curious sense , she have be expect this blow . it bring a echo of a earlier tragedy . susan a smear ?... what ... what kind of smear ...? where be you ? int . sidney' apartment Steve be on the phone in foreground , the other watch he . in particular , Sally , who stand near Steve , be study he with obvious sympathy . she look slowly towards sidney . steve ( to the phone ) we be on we way to the elysian room to dicker with Van cleve - he 's fire we already . I will call you later , dear ... ' bye !... he hang up quietly , look at sidney and walk towards the door . steve come on , Frank . another angle as the door close behind Steve , Frank follow , more slowly . as d'angelo reach the door , he pause with he hand on the doorknob and turn back to study sidney . sidney he feel uneasy under d'angelo 's scrutiny . Sally , in background , be also watch sidney . sidney ( to d'angelo ) what be you look at ...? d'angelo he do not answer for a moment . the unspoken accusation in he look be very clear . then : d'angelo ( quietly ) the ugly world , sidney ... ( a pause ) if I tell Steve what I really think , he would tear you head off ... resume sidney he brazen it out . sidney ( sneering ) tell he . resume d'angelo d' angelo shake he head . d'angelo no. I be interested in he future . d' angelo go slowly out . resume sidney he hesitates before turn towards Sally ( because he realize that this exchange with d'angelo must have confirm Sally in she suspicion ) . sally her face show that sidney be right . Sally be deeply hurt , disillusion . another angle sidney turn to she , challenging . sidney what 's the matter ? sally ( not look at he ) nothing ... resentfully , sidney move about the room . sense the silent accusation against he , he be aggressive . sidney you know , Sally , sometimes I get the impression you think you live in Star -bright Park . this be life , kid - get use to it ! sidney come to the phone on she desk . he dial . then he glance swiftly at Sally and , carry the phone , walk into the bedroom , drag the long cord behind he . int . bedroom when the phone come alive , sidney push the bedroom door shut . the gesture be as casual as he can contrive to make it . keeping he voice fairly low so that it cannot be hear in the other room , he say : sidney ( to phone ) nikko , be Mr. hunsecker there ? this be Mr. falco . well , have he call I as soon as he can . it 's important . he set the phone down on the bedside table , look at it thoughtfully before he go back to the bedroom door , open it and go back into the office . int . office sidney stand on the threshold , study Sally . his manner be now more sympathetic as he ask : sidney do you send my folk in Philly the check ...? sally yes . leave the bedroom door open , sidney come up to she , watch she shrewdly , cautiously . sidney ( softly ) I put a lotta trust in you , Chickie ... sally ( low-voice ) I know you do , sidney . sidney do not judge a situation where you do not know what 's involved ... Sally be put paper in the typewriter , try to hold she head up . sally I be not judge ... sidney come closer to she . he put he hand on the nape of she neck , carrass she . under he touch , the girl be unhappy , and yet at the same time , responsive . sidney still have power over she but she be disturb by feeling of shame . feeling she relaxed , sidney bend and kiss she on the side of the throat with more than negligence , for something about she always excite he ; he aggression tune in with she submissiveness . sally ( pathetically ) I swear , sidney , I can not help it - sometimes I wonder what I see in you ... sidney ( murmure ) that 's no way to talk ... sally or what you see in I , for that matter ... sidney stay down town tonight . maybe we will take in a show , etc . sally if you want I to - the phone in the bedroom ring . sidney , reacting sharply , forget he advance to Sally as he turn towards the bedroom . sidney ( exhilated ) you see ? hunsecker 's gotta phone I ! he go into the bedroom , close the door as he go . Sally look at the close door . int . bedroom sidney have pick up the phone . sidney ( calmly ) hello , j.j.... I presume you see the elwell smear . ( smile ) no , no medal - not yet . oh , it 's worse than that - aunty Van cleve be fire they ... from the horse 's mouth ... they be just here - in a panic ... int . hunsecker' penthouse - the study - day hunsecker wear a dress gown as he sit at he breakfast table . behind he be the big glass window to the terrace overlook the Manhattan skyline . the papers be at hunsecker 's elbow ; he manner be crisp and cold : hunsecker who be just there ? ( then ) you will be the death of I . sidalee ! why ? do not you just tell I that they have already trace this smear to you ? all they have to do now be to put two and two together and I be a chicken in a pot ! resume sidney' apartment sidney smile confidently , answer calmly : sidney j.j. , peace on earth , good will to man - it 's work out just the way I plan . yeah , I guarantee this bomb will pop right on schedule , but you have to play you part - you be a Saint and let I be the Devil . but I wanna talk to you first ... resume hunsecker' penthouse hunsecker pause , eye full of cold voltage . hunsecker do not come here . susie be up and about . ( listen ) he call she ? you would better see I at the tv - three o'clock . he bang down the phone , tense think in he manner . int . sidney' apartment Sally be busy with she type again , but in a depressed mood when sidney come out of the bedroom to put the phone down on she desk again . he seem satisfied with himself , smug . Sally watch he for a moment . then : sally what be you go to do ? sidney prepare to leave the apartment . his tone be full of confidence , self - assertive . ( for once sidney be certain that he be smarter , more cun than even hunsecker ) . sidney ( the wise one ) Chickie , a lotta people think they be smart . you watch . they be dumb : they will do the work for I ! just watch . sidney make for the door , go out . int . cigar stand - lobby Susan busy paper - dolly with she - toward elevator - she get in . int . hunsecker' live room j.j. have not move ; he be thoughtful and morose . nikko , the japanese butler , come in to remove the breakfast table . hunsecker the table can wait . no call . I have to think about my tv show . nikko please to do . I will come back later . hunsecker ( abruptly ) do you put the bread out on the terrace for the bird ? nikko yes , but they do not come no more this time of year . smiling , nikko leave . hunsecker pick up a pencil and make a note on a pad , about bird no doubt . abruptly he look up , call : hunsecker susie ! come in a minute , dear ... she have be try to pass unnotice to she room . she come forward to he ; she manner be serious and wary . his act be one of a tasteful mammy singer , but he be watchful , too . hunsecker susie , you be very much in my thought today . susan why ? hunsecker what a question , dear , with that newspaper in you hand ... susan ( pause ) do sidney tell you about it ? hunsecker yes , he phone . I do not know this boy too well . anything in this charge ? she shake she head . hunsecker not be partial , be you ? susan ( with quiet certainty ) no , I be not . I be not ! he soothes , smile indulgent , but watchful : hunsecker susie , take it easy . I will trust you judgment - you do not have to protest with I . with a paternal gesture of affection , he hold out he arm , invite she into he comforting embrace . not want to , she walk into he open wait arm . hunsecker why be you tremble , dear ...? susan History repeat itself . everything that happen to Alan Leslie ... begin with a smear like this ... hunsecker consider this gravely , as if it be a new and troubling think . hunsecker yes ... she leave he arm ; he watch keenly . susan ( incoherent ) it 's just as if I have see a ghost today ... hunsecker ( quickly ) but that be not you fault , dear , what happen to Leslie . I have tell you that a million time ... he go to she gently ; she appraise both he and she wrench life with brood , frighten eye . susan then whose fault be it , j.j .? it be someone 's fault , be not it ? hunsecker ( gravely ) I would not have call the boy exactly balanced ... susan ( stronger ) Alan be not ... unbalance when I marry he . and he be not ...' indifferent to woman ' no matter what they say ! hunsecker ( simply ) I be not fight with you , puss ... she get up and walk around in considerable agitation . susan he never would have kill himself if I have not go through with the annulment . do not you see that make all the rumor seem true ? I should have stand up for he ... not run out . she turn to hunsecker , she manner firmer . sidney j.j. , I want you to get they back they job , Steve and the quintet . hunsecker ( " incredulously " ) you mean they have be fire already , on the basis of this crude smear ? he walk away with a wag of indignation , but turn , ask : hunsecker susie , you be sure there be not some fire where there 's this much smoke ? Susan shake she head emphatically . sidney ( earnestly ) I know Steve . no. hunsecker then maybe you can tell I if he 's as solid as you say , why do he rap I every chance he get ? susan ( involuntarily ) sidney be a liar ! hunsecker who say sidney ? susan ( defiantly ) I say sidney !... stare , he pause ; then he deftly change the subject . hunsecker you know , dear , we be drift apart , you and I , and I do not like that . susan I think we be talk about sidney ? hunsecker ( with rasp ) let I finish , dear . you have you say , now let I have mine ... susan ( interrupt ) I have not say anything yet , j.j. , but if - Susan hesitates . hunsecker wait for she to continue . but she be not yet sure enough of herself or of the point she mean to make . she turn away . hunsecker ( gently ) I start to say we be drift apart . a year ago , in you wildest dream , would you have walk by that door without take up this situation with I ? today I have to call you in ! susan I be take up the situation with you now ... hunsecker ( interrupt ) susie , I want to help you - - , there 's nothing I will not do for you . you be all I have get in the whole , wide world . hunsecker stride about , elaborately play on a note of disillusion and pain . hunsecker ( continue ) well , what have I get ? alimony to a pair of tramp ? they be of no concern to I . it 's you who count , but do not get I wrong - I do not intend to let you break you neck again ! sidney j.j. , you say you want to help I - prove it ! hunsecker ( quietly ) how ? sidney get Steve back he job ... please ... hunsecker ( pause ) he mean that much to you ...? sidney ( simply ) yes. ( then ) with you " prestige " it only take a minute - ten cent worth of american tel and tel . hunsecker you be pick up my lingo , hon . sidney ( levelly ) I read you column every day ... he look at she with purse lip and , for a change , some real interest . her level , straightforward manner have pin he down completely ; he show a slow , charming grin , as he go for a private phone book : hunsecker susie , I like this new attitude of yours . you be grow up and I like it ! I do not like it when you be limp and dependent , when you be odd and wayward . this give you a chance for real survival in a very lousy world . because , do not forget , dear , you will not always have I with you , will you ...? sidney no , I will not ... he cross to the white desk phone , delay dial for a moment : hunsecker this Dallas boy must be good for you . why not bring he around today , before the show ? this time I will clean my glass for a better look . Susan do not like this idea , be evasive : sidney I be not sure I can reach he in time . hunsecker ( easily ) sure you can if you want to , and I know you will want to ... ( then ) by the way , what 's you beef against little sidney ? susan ( steadily ) when I be certain , I will let you know ... hunsecker a man could not ask for a squarer shake . ( into phone ) let I have billy Van cleve ... ( then ) do not ever tell anyone , susie , how I be tie to you apron string ... ( to phone ) billy ! j.j .! what 's this about that boy ? what boy ? where be we , lug , in a draw room comedy ? you be brain be warming up , sweetheart - yeah , Dallas !... ( then ) no , do not explain you point of view , but ... ext . tv theatre - day camera shoot toward the entrance to the tv theatre . a line of people be queuing for hunsecker 's tv broadcast which be advertise by large poster beside the entrance . a taxi drive up in foreground ; Susan hunsecker get out . sidney sidney come up Sixth Avenue towards the theatre . as he reach the corner of the building , he halt , have see ... susan Susan be see in the act of pay the driver . as the taxi pull away , Susan walk camera leave . tv theatre Susan pause , decide not to enter the theatre ; turn she look about she and wait on the sidewalk outside . sidney sidney decide that this be not the moment to approach Susan . he glance down the sidestreet then move off in that direction . sidestreet sidney move down the sidestreet towards a stage entrance , through which be emerge some tv technician . he slip inside . int . tv station hunsecker be stand at a table , stop watch in hand , read aloud from a script which he be rehearse and timing . beside he sit Mary busy type more of the material from hunsecker 's handwritten note . Mary be calm , but he be irritable , try to concentrate despite the bustle around he . a old movie star , mildre tam , sit wait in one of the canvas - back chair supply for the guest on the show . burton , a manager , also wait , deadpan , at hunsecker 's elbow . hunsecker click he stop watch as he read : hunsecker " I be remind of it this morning , when I notice that the bird have go South . we want the same kind of freedom for ourselves - that 's what the man say ! ( he click the watch , pause to underline the phrase , continue : ) a man have the right to face he accuser ! that 's the american Way ! who say ? the man say ! from ... " he turn in exasperation to burton . hunsecker burton , do not stand around . if I go over I will cut some item off the tail ... burton depart . Mary whip a second sheet out of the typewriter , hand it to hunsecker . as he accept it , hunsecker look off towards the auditorium . sidney shoot towards the auditorium , from hunsecker 's viewpoint . sidney mount the step onto the stage . see that the columnist be surround but know that j.j. want to talk to he privately , sidney loiter so that j.j. can join he as soon as he choose to . camera pull back to include hunsecker . only momentarily distract by private consideration connect with sidney 's arrival , hunsecker return to the business of timing the script . he click the watch again ... hunsecker " from Washington through to jefferson , from lincoln and f.d.r. right up to today - the Democratic Way of life ! that 's what the man say ! nowadays it do not export to well ... ( then , conclude ) but you know ... and I know ... that we best secret weapon be d-e-m-o - c-r-a-c -y . ( drop to a modest tone ) let 's never forget it , lady and gentleman . " another angle sidney linger beside the old movie star who be listen , rapt , to hunsecker 's word . sidney be less impressed with j.j. 's eloquence . at the conclusion , mild applaud lightly . she stand up and move towards j.j. j.j. want to talk to sidney but be frustrated by the old movie star . mildre tam that 's grand , just grand , j.j.! ( then , anxiously ) be my makeup all right ? you know , despite the scad of movie I have make , I have never appear on tv yet ... hunsecker ( cut she short ) of course , mild . of course . you look fine . ( swiftly summoning Mary ) Mary , help miss Tam - anything she want ; she 's we star today . under the pretense of study the type script , j.j. walk away across the stage . sidney stroll after he . another angle a tracking shot . sidney come up beside hunsecker , fall into step beside he . as they cross towards a water cooler at the back of the stage , they talk in rapid undertone . hunsecker I get that boy come over here . ( a glance at sidney ) what 's so funny ? sidney ( who be smile faintly ) with a pocket fulla firecracker - good . hunsecker ( narrowly ) I think you louse this up but good . if I can trust my eye , and I think I can , susie know all about you dirty work . sidney ( shrugging ) can not hurt ... hunsecker ( incredulously ) can not hurt ? I have to get he back he job . sidney ( smugly ) I like that , too . ( closer , faster ) look , j.j. , we can wrap this up in one neat bundle , address to the dump - to oblivion . we be go great , but please play it my way . I case this kid . know he in and out ... he 's fulla juice and vinegar , just begging for some big shot like you to give he a squeeze . do little sidney a favor : squeeze ! - you know , j.j. - the porcupine bit - needle . hunsecker but it 's too late . I get he back the job ... sidney ( impatiently ) no , that 's the point - he will not accept you favor ! the manager yes , but not the boy . a pause . hunsecker renumerate . hunsecker well he 's get she in a tizzy , I will tell you that ! sidney sure , he steam she up - want she to stand on she own two foot and all that jazz ! hunsecker and who 's foot be she on now ? sidney presumably yours ... ( a hasty addition ) that 's accord to St. Dallas . hunsecker what 's this boy get that susie like ? sidney integrity - acute , like indigestion . hunsecker what do that mean - integrity ? sidney ( repeat as before ) a pocket fulla firecracker - look for a match ! ( grin ) it 's a new wrinkle to tell the truth ... I never think I would make a kill on some guy 's " integrity " . hunsecker give he certain slow begrudge admiration : hunsecker full of bean , be not you ? but you know that you will stand or fall by what you be do now ... sidney ( grin ; confidently ) calculate risk . only we happen to know , j.j. , that you like I . I be you star pupil -- I reflect back to you you own talent . hunsecker permit himself a faint smile . burton be approach with script in hand . hunsecker I would not like to take a bite of you ; you be a cookie full of arsenic . sidney smirk . he turn away and go off towards the auditorium in the background . ext . tv station - day Frank d'angelo pay a taxi out of which he and Steve have just emerge . Frank turn towards the boy , resume a conversation as they stroll across the sidewalk towards the entrance of the theatre . steve ( depressed ) I still think he 's responsible for the smear . d'angelo not that I be convinced , but you will never prove it in a million year . ( gently ) Steve , you will do what you want , but it can not hurt ; he offer you a olive branch - so today like olive ! steve I guess you be right , but - Steve complete the sentence with a slow shake of the head ; compromise be a gesture which he find very difficult . d'angelo d' angelo study the boy with a paternal affection . d'angelo Steve , sometimes it 's better not to look at you own honesty ; but to look the other man in the face . not because you be my meal ticket - which you be - but because I like you and the boy , please take my advice : we - d'angelo stop , halt by a expression which he see in Steve 's face . steve he be look through the glass door of the tv theatre , no longer listen to d'angelo 's word ; he face have harden in anger . int . tv theatre foyer from Steve 's viewpoint . sidney have come out of the curtain entrance to the auditorium . camera pull back to include Steve in foreground . with a movement that suggest he annoyance at discover sidney present , Steve jerk open the glass door and move in . another angle Susan be wait in the foyer . she be stand in a position where she have not be able to see Steve until he enter ; now she move forward to greet he . as soon as she be near he , she speak in a quiet , urgent manner : susan ( in a undertone ) Steve , before we go in - I would like to ... but she , too , be halt as Steve lay a hand on she arm . see he look over she shoulder , she turn ... sidney he be already strolling forward to join they . camera pan with he to include susie , Steve and d'angelo . sidney hey , susie - this be a real surprise -- not one but three . j.j. 's just finish up he rehearsal . stage hunsecker come forward to the front of the stage look towards ... steve , susan , d'angelo and sidney in the group that come down the aisle of the empty theatre . resume hunsecker he study they , then call out : hunsecker look like a wedding . reverse angle hunsecker back to camera in foreground ; he begin to whistle the wedding March to the rhythm of Steve and Susan 's walk . steve he break the rhythm of he stride , he face rigid . resume hunsecker he descend to meet they ; he manner be full of welcome . reverse angle Susan nervously make the introduction - Steve be nervous ; d'angelo hang behind warily ; sidney be in background . susan Steve , you remember my brother ... steve &amp ; hunsecker ( together ) of course . Steve shake the hand that the smile hunsecker give . hunsecker well , son , look like you go out and buy yourself a packet of trouble ... steve you have be very kind about it , Mr. hunsecker . hunsecker give susie credit for that . I take she word that there be nothing to the smear . matter of fact , I will have my say about smear on the show today . that 's why I would like you personal assurance , too . steve ( quietly ) Mr. hunsecker , there 's nothing to that smear . you have my sincere word ... hunsecker ( nodd judicially ) I will by that , son . now , you owe I a favor . ( pause ; to Susan ) be good to my kid sister ... sidney ( solemnly ) yeah , she 's have a peck of trouble for a kid ... hunsecker flick a look at sidney . no one else , warier by the minute , know what to say . hunsecker purr onward : hunsecker susie like to keep she girlish secret . but in she heart of heart I imagine , Dallas , that she fancy you in a uncommon way . now , what about you , son ? not just tom-catte around ... I hope ? susan ( quickly ) j.j. , Steve be not ... hunsecker cut she off with lazy good nature : hunsecker take it easy , susie . he would not be much of a man if he do not understand my concern . would you , son ? steve ( pause , quietly ) no , I would not ... hunsecker ( nodd ) serious as a deacon ... I like it . I like you style , son ! in a world of old rag and bone , I like it ! for instance , take sidney . hunsecker cross toward sidney . hunsecker ( cont 'd ) if sidney get anywhere near susie I would break a bat over sidney 's head ! ( smile faintly ) sidney life so much in a moral twilight that , when I say you be come here , he predict disaster . you would not take my favor -- you would chew up the job , he say , and spit it right back in my face ! ( sniff ) any truth in that ...? d'angelo , steve and susan Steve be throw for a loss momentarily ; Frank step in . d'angelo no , Mr. hunsecker , and if I can amplify -- hunsecker and sidney hunsecker ( motionless ) do not amplify . resume d'angelo , steve and susan d'angelo Steve wantsa thank you for this favor . he -- group shot sidney ( provocatively ) Frank , you do not listen ! j.j. just tell you to shut you mouth ! steve ( hotly ) do not you think it 's about time you shut yours ? who be you to tell a man like Frank d'angelo to shut up ?! d'angelo ( warningly ) Steve , that be not important -- but Steve , on a heat rip , have turn to hunsecker : steve do he have to be here in we hair ? hunsecker hunsecker why , have he bother you before ? steve , d'angelo and susan steve be it news to you ? hunsecker hunsecker Son , lot of people tell I I be a gift man , but I still can not see around corner . group shot hunsecker ( tolerantly ) just exactly what be you so hot about ? ( wait ) I mean , I know it 's a difficult thing to be a artist in this crudest of possible world , but -- steve ( impatiently ) nut ! I be not here as a artist ! I be here as a average Joe , who happen to love you sister susie ! hunsecker ( with ironic smirk ) well , just be careful you do not knock she down , huh ? Steve stop dead . then , strangely and dangerously , he pick up hunsecker 's smile . on each man 's face the smile broaden and grow up into a chuckle from each ; but the meanness still flicker around hunsecker 's mouth . Steve be out of the net ! hunsecker ( affably ) frankly , son , you lose I on that last hill . just give we the punch line ... steve ( agreeably ) no punch line . maybe I be just admire you know - how - -- yours and falco 's . hunsecker and sidney hunsecker why do you keep coupling I with falco ? steve , d'angelo and susan steve ( innocently ) he 's here , be not he ? do you think , sir , when he die he will go to the dog and cat heaven ? hunsecker and sidney even hunsecker smile . sidney like neither the ridicule or the turn of event . he move quickly past camera . sidney , steve , d'angelo and susan sidney come round the row of theatre seat to attack Steve . sidney let 's forget cat and dog and other pseudo- literary remark --- I will just lay it on the line ! what about that big rumpus in my office today ? you be there , Frank ! where , accord to St. Dallas , j.j. be responsible for the elwell smear ! hunsecker hunsecker do not go wild , sidney . group shot sidney Wild ? take a look at they and see who 's wild ... play along nicely , hunsecker look at Steve and Frank and slowly remove he arm from Susan ; he pause before ask Dallas : hunsecker what about that ...? d'angelo ( uneasily ) Steve be excited ... he do not mean it exactly the way it 's state here ... hunsecker ( to Steve ) how do you mean it ...? sidney susan what he like to --- j.j. , I do not want to say --- with a roar hunsecker take they both out of play ; he stand up . sidney , steve , d'angelo hunsecker enter from behind camera . hunsecker both of you keep quiet ! ( to sidney ) you have make more damage here in one minute than a plague of locust ! if you be tired , susie , sit down - -- this need investigation ! ( to Steve , quieter ) how do you mean it ...? ( wait ) come on , let 's go ! let 's go !... Steve be cornere , the other completely out of play . he pause : steve I do not take kindly to you and falco sell I ethic . who 's the injure party here , you ? hunsecker ( with contempt ) right now you be in no position to ask question ! and you snide remark --- steve ( stronger ) wait a minute , I have not hand over punish privilege to you yet ! put the whip down and I might respect what you be say ... switch he leonine tail , hunsecker look broodingly at susie . Frank say one beseech word , " Steve ... " , but no one hear he . hunsecker susie , do you know about this accusation ...? susan susan ( mutely ) no ... hunsecker hunsecker ( abruptly ) before you leave , son , I will answer you question --- Susan hunsecker be the injure party here ! ( balefully ) or will I be hearing next that I do not even have my sister 's welfare at heart ... steve and susan Steve hesitates defensively but can not resist a small smile ; he move nearer to Susan . steve Mr. hunsecker , you have get more twist than a barrel of pretzel . hunsecker ( unturn ) you hear that , susie ... ( to Steve ) continue please ... steve ( shaking he head ) I be afraid I can not cope with they . reverse angle Susan in foreground , Steve , hunsecker and sidney beyond . steve ( cont 'd ) ( simply ) you be too shrewd for I so I will just be honest . susie and I love each other , if I be not mistaken , and we want to get marry . hunsecker pause ; sidney throw in a stage whisper : sidney give he credit - -- the boy 's gall be gorgeous ! steve why do not we hear what susie have to say ? hunsecker ( sardonically ) that 's stout of you , Dallas , but susie may not care to air she dismal view in public ... Steve walk to susie , try to lift she with he hope and air of gentle urging and support . steve susie ...? susan she stare at the floor . resume reverse angle hunsecker do not like the drift of thing ; he mouth tighten and he speak to Susan with veile warning : hunsecker susie , as always , be free to say anything she think . go on , dear , say exactly what 's on you mind , dear . steve that " dear " sound like dagger . May I suggest that you stop daring she to speak ? hunsecker May I lift my eyebrow ? what be this ? what be you try to do ? steve ( strongly ) I be try to get susie to stand up to you . but you manner be so threaten that she 's afraid to speak ! hunsecker Son , you raise you voice again and you will be outa here on you golden pratt ! susan suddenly Susan let loose , with restrain nervous energy ; she be near to tear . susan Steve , if only for my sake , I want this stop ! and the same go for you , too , j.j .! hunsecker he interject . hunsecker ( contritely ) susie , I be sorry if --- resume susan susan ( bitterly ) sometimes I think all man be fool !... restraining tear , she run up the step to the stage . steve , hunsecker and sidney Steve look after she . sidney watch intently . hunsecker 's smile be frostily taunting : hunsecker you see , Dallas , a plague on both we house ... ( then ) we may have to call this game on account of darkness ... Steve turn a blank - eye stare at he . tension go , a slow mumble fatigue have set in . hunsecker play it light : hunsecker if look could kill , I be dead ... steve ( slowly ) no , I do not care about you -- you be fantastic . my whole interest , if it 's not too late , be in susie ... and how to undo what you have do to she ... hunsecker ( smile ) and what have I do to she , besides not buy she a new fur coat lately ? sidney , you be right -- the boy 's a dilly . steve ( stung ) why ? because I do not like the way you toy with human life ? - you contempt and malice ? because I will not be the accomplice of you sick ego - and the way it 's crippled susie ...? you think of yourself - you and you column - you see yourself as a national glory ... but to I , and thousand of other like I , you and you slimy scandal , you phony patriotics - to I , Mr. hunsecker , you be a national disgrace ! hunsecker ( blandly ) Son , I do not fancy shoot mosquito with elephant gun . so suppose you just shuffle along and call it a day ... he turn and stare away , but Steve stop he with --- steve but my day with susie be not over yet and -- hunsecker ( cold ) ten will get you fifty you be play hookey from a padded cell ! stage hunsecker come up the step from the auditorium , sidney follow closely behind . in background , beyond , Steve and d'angelo be walk up the aisle to the exit . camera track close on sidney and hunsecker . hunsecker 's face be rigid . sidney , close at he elbow , whisper : sidney ( softly ) you do it , j.j. , you do it good ... sidney be full of confidence . but hunsecker barely hear he ( hunsecker have be hurt very deeply by the boy 's attack ; in particular , by the appall fear that what Steve have say be the kind of thing which Susan may also secretly believe . ) another angle Susan be still stand in the wing . Mary be with she , obviously sympathetic . the girl be drying she eye with kleenex , and Mary glance at she employer with a look of reproach . hunsecker walk round the table , obviously try to approach Susan ; see this , Susan turn away and move further from he . hunsecker stop . hunsecker there be some emotion in he face as he look towards the girl . more gently , he move forward past camera ... susan sense the approach of hunsecker behind she , she move away again ; she be still cry , but be try to recover . presently hunsecker approach she again . he speak very gently , soothingly , comforting ... hunsecker ( softly ) you in a mood , susie , to run over to milgrim 's later and buy a few new frock ? susan ( a small voice ) no. I be go home . hunsecker again try to come nearer to she . hunsecker want sidney to drive you over ? ignoring the shake of she head , he call to sidney . hunsecker drive susie home . hunsecker again we see some emotion in he face as he study the girl . his eye flick towards the stage behind he where sidney stand watch . he move gently forward and then speak in a quiet voice which reveal how desperately he need she reassurance : hunsecker susie ... i... I would have to take it very much amiss if you ever see that boy again . susan after a pause , she turn towards he ; she look he straight in the face . susan ( levelly ) I will never see he again . resume hunsecker he seem to take this as a gesture of forgiveness from she . now he touch she . his need for she be apparent ; he try to reach she , try to find a excuse to embrace she . she submit to this very passively . susan a very close shot . we see the effort with which she be control herself . resume two shot satisfied with this crumb of affection from he sister , hunsecker let she go . Susan move away , still avoid he eye . then she go off towards the step down into the auditorium . sidney look at hunsecker , then after Susan and follow she . resume hunsecker he go back to Mary and the script . he instruct she : hunsecker call Van cleve . tell he he be right . tell he I say the Dallas boy be not worthy of he club . pore over the typewritten page , he sense Mary 's eye on he . he speak to she quietly without raise he head and there be still a undertone of feel in he voice : hunsecker ( without look up ) Mary ... for susie 's own good ... do not give she misplace sympathy ... Mary say nothing . hunsecker gather he papers and with a visible effort to resume he public personality turn towards the machinery of the television broadcast in background . int . tv theatre foyer Susan cross towards the door out onto the street . sidney come behind she , watchful as he overtake she near the door . he go past she to open the door for she . sidney I will get you a cab ... Susan stop dead . susan ( coldly ) get away from I . she go out into the street . Beyond , we see a crush cab . hesitate , sidney add : sidney j.j. ask I to drive you over and - but Susan have already move out of shot , hurry across the sidewalk to hail the taxi . resume sidney uncertain what to do , whether to follow she or not , he move after she . susan she have already open the door of the taxi . she turn to see sidney come up behind she . as he enter shot , she repeat : susan I tell you to leave ! I do not know if Steve will ever talk to I again and I be ready to blame it all on you ! she start to get into the cab ... sidney alert , he move to detain she ( anxious to know exactly the extent of she suspicion . ) sidney susie ...! another angle as sidney step up , he grasp at the door of the taxi , try to hold it open , but Susan pull it shut , catch he finger in the door . sidney step back in pain ... taxi it drive off down Sixth Avenue . sidney nursing the injury to he hand , he look after the disappear taxi . as he recover from the pain , he expression slowly change to one of thoughtful appraisal . ( Susan 's suspicion maybe of less importance than some other consideration . ) dissolve to : int . twenty one club washroom - night hunsecker and sidney be wash in adjoin basin . coat off , the former be in one of he punitive mood of silence . sidney , despite he throbbing , bandage finger , be feel satisfied and self - confident . he hum quietly . hunsecker throw he annoyed side - glance , but sidney refuse to " catch on " . the follow dialogue be space between the wash , the drying and hair-combing . hunsecker so that 's what " integrity " look like . well , I be always willing to learn ... ( later ) how be that slob , d'angelo , you uncle ? sidney no longer hum ; after a moment , he answer . sidney my mother 's side - - she brother . that remind I , j.j. , susie look run down . she can stand a vacation and so can you . people say , " oh , the great j.j. , he 's make of iron ! " , but you can use a rest , guy . sidney 's cheerfulness annoys hunsecker . hunsecker what be you so chipper about ? if I put a cross on every one of you mistake , you would look like a graveyard ! sidney ( smile ) but not for anything I do today ... hunsecker sidney , I know human nature . susie lie to I - she will see that boy again . hunsecker move out of shot . sidney you be right , j.j. - she will not give he up , but it do not matter . because the real " money ball " be the boy , not Susan . and if -- hear the sound of the door , sidney turn sharply . camera move to discover that hunsecker have go out . sidney , quickly , finish the brush of he hair , follow ... int . dine room - " 21 " club two waiter be fussing over hunsecker 's table at which place be already set for sidney and hunsecker . matre d' hand he a envelope as he pass . matre d' Mr. hunsecker this be to be deliver to you personally - when the columnist come up to the table , the waiter quickly pull out the table for he . sidney come to join he ; sidney get some attention , but considerably less . camera move closer . hunsecker this drink be warm . waiter you say you like to have they on you table . hunsecker what be you a critic ? waiter I will change -- hunsecker forget it . ( to sidney ) the real money ball be the boy ... sidney yeah , the boy ... we be on the verge of a farce , a real farce . as I see it , if susie have stand behind he today he might have prove a threat . but since primarily he 's wedd to he work , he 's not go to be able to take it . a waiter shift the position of the salad dish at hunsecker 's elbow . hunsecker ( to waiter ) stop tinkering , pal - that horse radish will not jump a fence ! the waiter retreat rapidly . sidney in brief , j.j. , it 's all over because any hour now the boy will give she up . be it a farce or not ? delicately salt he oyster , hunsecker look obliquely at sidney . hunsecker this syrup you be give out , sidney , you pour over waffle , not j.j. hunsecker ! what do you mean that lousy kid will give up my sister ? hunsecker , with a casual gesture , tug lightly at the end of sidney 's tie . hunsecker 's gesture be playful , but it inflict great injury to sidney 's dignity ; sidney can not bear to be touch ; he find this liberty on j.j. 's part as intolerable as anything he have experience , and only with great difficulty control himself . the shot favor sidney . sidney and hunsecker hunsecker continue : hunsecker be you listen ? sidney ( warily ) how do it matter who 's sister ? the main thing , they be through and - hunsecker from sidney 's viewpoint . without turn , hunsecker interrupt : hunsecker be I suppose to forget how that boy talk to I today ? resume sidney and hunsecker sidney sense a warning in hunsecker 's manner . he protest : sidney j.j. , be he worthy of a second glance from a man like you ? be he , I mean ?... hunsecker from sidney 's viewpoint . pause during the process of eat , hunsecker reach into a inside pocket . hunsecker brief epitaph : " the boy be talk when he should have be listen . " ( then ) bite on this . camera pull back to include sidney as hunsecker toss in front of he a envelope . sidney open it , extract two steamship ticket . sidney steamship ticket ? hunsecker ( as he eat ) for the next sailing of the Mary . Susan 's run down - she 's never be abroad and as you so cogently put it , I be not make of iron . sidney slowly push the envelope back to hunsecker , who leave it lie on the table before he . sidney that 's good . now that louse be outa susie 's hair for good . sidney he have a instinct to laugh ; but something tell he not to . hunsecker as sidney make no response , hunsecker slowly , carefully continue in a voice which be dangerously soft : hunsecker I want that boy take apart . sidney and hunsecker shoot across hunsecker onto sidney . sidney put down he fork . he see now that the issue be serious and must be face . sidney ( seriously ) why do something that would drive they right back into each other 's arm ? not to mention that this time susie would know who shot the arrow ... hunsecker ( interject quietly ) she know now . sidney ( quickly ) why give she real proof ? you nearly ruin she with she first husband - and you be right , j.j. , - but she almost follow he out the window . what do you want - a chronic invalid ? hunsecker he want no advice from sidney . he interrupt with quiet savagery . hunsecker I know how to handle susie . you just handle the boy , sidney ... ( scribbles on scratch pad ) ... preferably tonight . ( push pad across to sidney ) sidney and hunsecker shoot across hunsecker onto sidney . sidney feel sick . sidney why , what 's tomorrow - a holiday ? camera move closer as sidney pick scratch pad up . we can read two word : " get kello " . sidney I think I will go home - maybe I leave my sense of humor in another suit . hunsecker hunsecker finish eat . during the ensue speech , which he begin quietly and sensibly , hunsecker 's venomous feeling be unexpectedly betrayed . hunsecker you have get that god-given brain - learn to use it ! do you think it 's a personal matter with I , this boy ? be you tell I I see thing in term of personal pique ? do not you see that today that boy wipe he foot on the choice , on the predilection of sixty million man and woman of the great country in the world ! if you have any moral yourself , you would understand the immorality of that boy 's stand today ! it be not I he criticize - it be my reader !... camera pull back to include sidney . hunsecker manage to control himself ; he reach with nervous finger toward he scribbling pad . sidney sidney 's face have tightened . he have begin now to realize the extent of this man 's megalomania . after a moment he say : sidney I be leave , j.j .... hunsecker and sidney shoot across sidney onto hunsecker . hunsecker ( a quiet warning ) do not remove the gangplank , sidney ; you may wanna get back on board . sidney sidney feel the chill of despair upon he . hunsecker this crab gumbo - terrific ! hunsecker and sidney shoot across hunsecker onto sidney . a waiter have come to serve the next course . hunsecker appear relaxed , but sidney be sightlessly stare at the piece of paper in he hand . he speak with a quaver in he voice , for he have work hard to make a life which be now ready to relinquish : sidney j.j. , it 's one thing to wear you dog collar ... but when it get to be a noose ... I would rather have my freedom . hunsecker the man in jail be always for freedom . sidney begin to get up from the table . sidney ( as he rise ) except , if you will excuse I , I be not in jail . hunsecker look up at sidney . hunsecker from sidney 's viewpoint . hunsecker ( easily ) sure you be in jail , sidney . you be a prisoner of you own fear , of you own greed and ambition ; you be in jail . sidney from hunsecker 's viewpoint . sidney j.j . if you be try to - he lean over hunsecker and the camera pull back to include hunsecker in f.g. hunsecker ( interrupt ) you , little boy , do not know who you be ! talk around corner with the big shot , ten dollar dinner - fourteen suit and cashmere coat - you tell yourself that be who you be ! later you will not know who you be without a penthouse on upper Park ! but underneath it all , ratting around from day to day , you do know who you be ! you be a fearful , ignorant nobody - a poor wop kid from the slum of Philly - hope nobody else find it out ! sidney a close up . he know the truth of what be say . but he take refuge in quiet retaliation : sidney a little hunch occur to I - you have just paint a self - portrait . you know who you be because you scare people - that 's what you have get against this boy . he - hunsecker hunsecker be prepare to give it out , but not take it . hunsecker ( cut in ) I tell you what I want you to do tonight ! sidney he look down on hunsecker , lean over the table . sidney you be blind , Mr. magoo . this be a crossroad for I . I will not get kello . not for a life-time pass to the polo Grounds . not if you serve I ingrid bergman on a plate . camera have pulled back to include hunsecker , whose attention have return to he food . hunsecker ( over patient ) sidney , I tell you - sidney ( continue ) j.j. , I swear to you on my mother 's life , I will not do it . ( he lean even closer ) if you give I you column I would not do a thing like that ... but as he speak the last word , sidney 's voice falter because he have glance down at the table ... sidney we see that a idea have enter he head - a idea that take the wind out of he indignation . his eye lift rapidly to hunsecker 's face . hunsecker ( delicately touch the envelope ) and who do you think write the column while susie and I be away for three month ?... resume sidney he be quite speechless . over scene hunsecker 's voice : hunsecker ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... the man in the moon ? hunsecker and sidney camera shoot across sidney again onto hunsecker . hunsecker lean back , look at sidney . see that sidney have accept the proposition , he smile . hunsecker ( softly ) thank you , sidney . in a pleasantly affable way , he lean across the table to tap the hand with which sidney be lean on the table . hunsecker and , sidney , I will have that piece of paper back ... helplessly , sidney unclench a fist and reveal the slip of paper which he have mean to keep . hunsecker take it . with he eye on sidney , he slowly tear it up ... lap dissolve to : cigar stand and phone booth - evening d' angelo be buy a cigar at the counter . he turn as Steve open the door of one of the booth and come out . Steve be in a gloomy , irksome mood ; d'angelo be sympathetic and fatherly . steve she will be down in a minute . camera track with they as they come out into the hallway . they move towards the side entrance , away from the elevator . d'angelo what do she wanna see you about ? the boy shrug impatiently . steve she do not say . some passersby come down the hall and enter a wait elevator , barely glance at d'angelo and the boy . d' angelo feel uneasy . d'angelo I could think of better place to meet she , instead of here . he life on the whole top floor . steve ( carelessly ) I doubt that it matter any more . d'angelo he address Steve soberly . d'angelo Steve . you make a very dangerous enemy of he today . matter of fact , I be very glad we get the tour ahead . if I be any judge , you hurt he today where he life ... he will not forget it and he will not forgive ... resume steve and d'angelo Steve be silent . he hear the sound of the elevator door open and turn . Susan come out of the elevator , the one farthest from they , and look around . susan ( as she come forward to join they ) good evening , Mr. d'angelo . d' angelo acknowledge she greeting , touch he hat and retire tactfully . Susan face Steve . it 's a awkward meeting . each do not know where the other stand . she have throw she fur coat about she shoulder like a cloak ; it will keep slip off . he be faintly embitter , a little hurt and baffle , but he be sympathetic ; he be involved and concerned . mo . close two shot over shoulder - susan to steve susan hello , Steve . I be glad you could come . steve why do you call I ? susan would you buy I a cup of coffee ? in there ... reverse angle Susan nod in the direction of the door into the little cafe . steve sure . as he walk with she towards the cafe : steve we be on we way to robard 's for a benefit . I have only get five minute ... int . cafe as they enter the cafe , the counterman look up from count the day 's take at the far end . counterman too late for service . steve just two cup of java . counterman ( with a twinkle ) we serve here only moka coffee . steve ( smile faintly ) make it moke . the counterman go to the urn for the coffee . susan and steve a closer angle . they talk in quiet undertone . Steve wait for she to speak first ; she start slowly , hesitantly , with difficulty : susan Steve ... what you try to do today ... you try to take I up on a high mountain ... I could not go all the way ... I fail you ... ( a pause ) will you forgive I ? ( then ) have I lose you , Steve ? have I ...? steve well , maybe I be wrong , too ... but there 's no doubt , susie , that we have to face some serious thing ... susan no one 's ever stand up to my brother the way you do . steve ( quietly , to the point ) but you do not do much about it , susie . you walk out , and there I be ...solo ... and not too good at that . susan I just do not think that I could antagonize he , Steve -- for our sake , I mean . steve steve susie , I be there for our sake , too . but what a world it would be if we be all afraid to learn to walk and talk because it might offend poppa ! by the way , I think you brother be completely responsible for the smear ... susan this accusation be make lightly , in pass . but Susan react to it , try to interject : susan Steve , I ... steve ( override she ) but I do not care about that now . he know what he be do today . he be lay down the condition under which he might consent to we marriage - if I would bend to every whim of he , like sidney ! I could not do that , susie ... susan after a pause , she say : susan you be say goodbye , be not you ? susan and steve Steve flare up . steve no ! I be say that for you sake you have to make a clean break with you brother ! susan ( wrench ) but , please , Steve , please - one step at a time ! I be bear only yesterday !... steve ( pause , softer ) I tell you brother I could not be he accomplice . I can not be yours either , susie , and encourage he to go on pulverize you . I know what type - he 's my old man all over again ! Susan , pathetically despair , finger the handle of she coffee cup , which she have not touch . the coat slip from she shoulder ... another angle Steve stoops to pick it up , replace it on she shoulder . steve this beautiful coat be more than just a coat ... I hate it ! it 's a mink straight - jacket ! Susan turn to he . she be deflate , lack all will power . susan ( droop ) Steve , I feel exhaust ... what do you want I to do ? steve ( not sure of himself ) not what you be do now . at least do not ask I - do not ask he . you be fight for you life ! what do you want to do ? susan ( pause , woodenly ) you be say goodbye , be not you ...? steve he react vigorously , protest : steve ( impatiently ) that 's fish four day old ...! I can not buy it , susie ! right out of that mouth I love , like you be a ventriloquist 's dummy , you brother be say goodbye ! gee !... you want I to be honest , do not you ?! susan a despair cry : susan no , Steve , I do not . I do not . not if it kill I I do not !... susan and steve it take she a moment to recover . when she do so , she get up , leave the counter . susan ( without luster ) let 's not talk any more ... you have to go ... she move towards the exit into the hallway ; he follow . hallway d' angelo be wait for they . silently they come up to join he , very depressed . Susan look towards d'angelo , speak a little pathetically : susan Goodbye , Mr. d'angelo . take care of Steve . d'angelo ( softly ) I will , miss hunsecker . he walk a little way down the corridor , again leave they alone . susan and steve she smile at he , try to smile , try to make a joke . susan say something funny ... Mr. hasenfeffer . Steve step to she quickly , kiss she . then he turn and swiftly walk off down the corridor without a backward glance . he go past d'angelo , who walk quietly after he towards the exit in background . susan she remain just in the attitude in which he leave she . ext . brill build - night Steve come out of the door , pause without look back . d' angelo come up behind he . steve ( after a moment ) look back , Frank , see if she 's still stand there ... d' angelo look discreetly over he shoulder . susan from d'angelo 's point of view . she be still stand where Steve leave she . resume steve and d'angelo d' angelo turn back to Steve . d'angelo still there ... Steve , still without look back , walk up the street ; camera tracking with they . d'angelo ( with sympathy ) not that I do not like she - she 's a very lovely person , but who can tell ? a year from now you might thank you star that it turn out this way . ( change the subject ) by the way , robard say that ... Steve , he manner full of pain , stop . steve Frank , I do not want to make the benefit . they will be jammin ' all night , and the way I feel -- I would like to be alone -- I would like just to walk and walk and never come back . d' angelo take he firmly by the arm . d'angelo no . I do not leave you alone on a night like this . and , anyway , you promise ... Steve look at he , know that he can never shake off the devote Frank ; he shrug . they walk past camera . int . hunsecker' penthouse - night the heavy brass door of the elevator slide open and the Elevator man pull open the grille . Susan , still in the mood in which Steve leave she , stand in the elevator for a moment before she realize that she have reach the top floor . as she walk out , the Elevator man look at she anxiously . camera pan with Susan towards the door to the apartment . Susan fumble for she key . int . hunsecker' penthouse the apartment be dark as Susan enter . she do not switch on the light . she walk through the shadow of the big room , which have a grim and menace atmosphere . she kick off she shoe and , hugging the coat about she for warmth walk to the glass window of the terrace . after a moment she open they and step out . ext . terrace - night Susan walk across the terrace . at this height the wind be very strong . camera track with the girl , emphasize the dizzying panorama of New York at night . the girl 's manner be strange ; she move as if under compulsion , a sleepwalker . when she reach the stone parapet , she lean against it with she body slump , still hugging the fur coat as if it be some protection against she misery . ext . from the terrace - night vertically downward . from Susan 's point of view . the stone sidewalk of Broadway be a terrifying distance below . susan a angle , shoot sharply upwards against the night sky . wind blow the girl 's hair , as she look fixedly downward . her face be blank , expressionless . ( for a moment we may fear for she , afraid that she may have suicide in mind . ) but presently she lift she head look towards the horizon ... lap dissolve to : ext . robard club - night camera shoot past the entrance to robard 's Club , frame the outline of the bridge in sky in background . from inside come the sound of music -- the quintet . the taxi drive up ; sidney get out ; he glance at he wristwatch , look around and then make he way into the club . int . robard club - night Steve Dallas ' quintet on the stand . camera frame the group in foreground , shoot towards the entrance way . int . robard club - night sidney have come in through the entrance . he be take off he overcoat . he move forward past the hat check room on the leave , approach the recess in which several music case be stack beside a coat rack on which the musician ' overcoat be hang . detail as he hang up he coat , sidney identify the other coat , a black and white check raglan which he ( and we ) see Steve wear when he visit hunsecker at the tv Studio . sidney a close shot . the coat appear to have some significance for he ; sidney be under tension . a waiter , carry a carton of beer can , come out of the doorway just behind sidney , move between he and the overcoat . thus interrupt , sidney turn away . int . robard club - night robard be stand at the bar , surround by a group of he croney . drink be flow and there be a sentimental mood of celebration . as sidney arrive at the bar , order a drink , frank d'angelo be see come from the interior of the club where Dallas and the quintet can be see play ; d'angelo accost robard : d'angelo lew , Steve do not feel too good ... robard ( interject ) I be sorry to hear it . reverse angle camera shoot past d'angelo and robard in f.g. towards sidney , who overhear : d'angelo ( continue ) ... so , if you do not mind , he will leave after this set . in b.g. , sidney set down he drink , reacting to this information . robard clamp d'angelo on the shoulder , reassure he with warm emphasis : robard I like that boy , Frank . anything he do be okay with I ... sidney sidney , think rapidly , leave the bar , move unobtrusively but purposefully towards a telephone booth . he enter and close the door . phone booth a closer angle . shoot through the glass panel we see sidney dial . his manner be urgent . quick lap dissolve to : ext . robard club - night a long shot of the club exterior . a different musical number be now be play in the interior . ( goodbye baby ) . a black car come swiftly under the bridge , turn into the little square opposite the club , brake sharply . closer angle as the car come to a stop , camera shoot across the hood onto the windshield where we see the insignia : police . the occupant of the car be not visible . int / ext . robard club sidney linger near the doorway of the club . he be look across the square towards the car which can be see in b.g . now he turn and walk towards the coat rack , camera tracking with he . he take he own coat and , as he thrust he arm into the sleeve , contrive neatly to slip some unseen object into the pocket of Steve 's overcoat ; camera note the gesture , but only very briefly . overscene a voice address sidney : d'angelo ( o.s. ) hey !.......... sidney a close up . as he turn in swift apprehension , we note the moment of panic in he face . reverse angle camera shoot past sidney in foreground towards d'angelo who advance on sidney . d'angelo 's manner be unfriendly ; for a instant we feel , like sidney , that d'angelo may have see sidney tamper with Steve 's coat , but then we be reassure as d'angelo , deliberately use sidney 's surname , say : d'angelo ( continue ) Mr. falco ... I hate to give you this satisfaction - they break it off tonight for good . reverse angle shoot across d'angelo onto sidney , who now relax , he fear ungrounded . d'angelo ( continue ) tell that to hunsecker - tell he we agree - he 's a big man - he win all the marble ! sidney as d'angelo move away again sidney look after he . once more he face go tense . ( he ask himself , do this development - which he himself anticipate - change the situation ? ) he turn away , move out of shot . another angle camera move with sidney as he walk towards the doorway . there he hesitates again ; he look back into the club . dallas from sidney 's viewpoint . a long shot of Steve on the bandstand . camera pan deliberately towards the coatrack in f.g . a group of newly arrive musician walk into the shot , set down they instrument case and start to hang up they coat . ( clearly , sidney could not now return to the coat rack - even if he decide that he do want to undo he handiwork . ) resume sidney camera , shoot out across the square , frame sidney in f.g. facing the inevitable , sidney turn away , walk across the sidewalk . on the other side of the square the headlamps of the car blink twice . sidney walk towards it . police car a big man get out of the seat next to the driver . as he come round the hood of the car , the headlamps of a pass truck illuminate he , identify harry kello . camera pan as he walk to meet sidney . closer angle kello pause as sidney come up to he , ask affably : kello what 's all the rush ? you say three o'clock . sidney ( glance back towards club ) he 's leave early . after this " set " . he will be out in a couple of minute ... they wait for a moment , listen to the sound of the music in the distance . it be a blue number ( goodbye baby ) kello hum nonchalantly ; sidney glance at he with irritation , find something gruesome in he relaxed manner . int . police car there be two plainclothes policeman inside , one at the wheel , the other in the back seat . the latter lean forward to ask the former : 1st policeman what 's this deal tonight ? MURPH ( the 2nd policeman ) one of the lieutenant 's " surprise party " , I think . Murph 's tone show obvious repugnance . the 1st policeman brood for a moment ; he add in a quiet , but viciously resentful manner : 1st policeman one of this day I would like to turn in my badge and tangle with " popsie " myself - he 's no good . resume kello and sidney sidney , increasingly uncomfortable , turn to kello . sidney can not you wait up the block ? it 's not go to look so good , right in front of the club ... to kello this be a great joke . he laugh , enjoy sidney 's uneasiness . he begin to " cat and mouse " sidney . kello ( heavily humorous ) it 's nice , sidney , that you give I this tip ... sidney ( interject ) - he 's get they on he . kello ( solemnly nodd he approval ) ... and he 's get they on he . I appreciate a thing like that - I appreciate where you be look out for the virtue of the city . sidney , annoyed at this sarcasm , move past kello , not deign to respond . as he go by , kello grasp he forcibly by the arm . kello what 's you hurry , snook ? camera have panned to shoot towards the car out of which emerge a second detective . sidney ( revolt ) take you hand off , kello ... kello , hold sidney , turn towards the second detective in background . kello Murph , how do you like this face ? why , I will be darn -- it 's melting ! something get you scared , sidney ...? listen , rectify I a certain thing . be not you kid , snook , when you tell j.j. I be fat ...? sidney jerk he arm away , rapidly retreat a few yard , a safe distance from kello . camera pan with he to the bottom of the step . sidney sleep in peace , kello -- you be skinny -- but j.j. say you sweat ! another angle sidney in foreground , kello and Murph beyond . kello laugh ; but obviously he would like to be nearer to sidney . perhaps to detain sidney , kello drawl : kello be that a fact ? he 's a dilly , be not he ? by the by , what do he have against this boy ? sidney he go out with girl . kello well , I will be darn . and what do j.j. think he should do ? sidney ( impudently ) go out with different girl ! kello he move forward a little . kello ( softly now ) I get the peculiar impression , snook , that you do not like I . could I be wrong ? sidney he turn swiftly and go up the stair out of kello 's reach . sidney ( as he go ) you could be right , you fat slob ? another angle from half - way up the stair . sidney come up the step two at a time . kello and Murphy be see beyond . kello ( with a guffaw ) come back here , sidney ... I wanna chastise you !... from the bridge sidney reach the top . he come along the pedestrian walk up to camera , slow down he turn across the rail and look down towards the square . camera move to take in the scene in wide angle : sidney in foreground , the police car and detective below , the entrance to robard 's across the square . sidney wait . in the distance we can hear the music of Dallas ' last number come to a end . int . robard club the last bar of the number . enthusiastic applause . steve he respond to the ovation , nicely but a little wearily . he get down off the stand . there be too much noise to hear he parting word to he fellow musician , but it be clear that he be urging they to stay without he . he walk off towards the entrance to the club . d'angelo d' angelo leave the bar , in search of Steve . he see ... int / ext . robard club - night Steve be put he guitar away in the case , collect he overcoat . in this gesture he be arrest by the sound of d'angelo 's voice over scene . d'angelo ( o.s. ) ( urgently ) Steve ! Steve , mildly startle , look up . reverse angle shoot into the club . d' angelo come forward from the bar . he be a little drunk , a little emotional . he waddle toward Steve , then take the white carnation out of he buttonhole and put it in the buttonhole of Steve 's coat , say : d'angelo ( fondly ) Press this in you friendship book ... Love be a crooked thing , friendship not ... ( then , sheepishly ) you see , it come out in the wash of a few drink -- I be a very sentimental guy . resume robard club Steve be touch . steve I like it that way , Frank ... do not change . he pick up he guitar case and make for the door . d' angelo go a few pace with he , camera tracking . then it move past d'angelo , follow Steve out onto the sidewalk , where he stand under the light of the club frame against the dark background of the square . from the bridge camera pan from the small figure of Steve to include sidney big in foreground . below he kello and Murph turn towards the club . kello closer angle downward from sidney 's viewpoint . kello turn deliberately to look at the bridge above . resume bridge sidney see kello 's look ; he nod deliberately . below he we see kello and Murphy move swiftly to get into the car . sidney , as if shrink from a sight from which he do not wish to witness , draw back from the balustrade . he turn and begin to walk towards camera . police car a low angle shoot upwards at the car , the stair to the bridge in background . as the door of the car slam , it start to move forward and , abruptly , its headlamps be switch on , glaring into the lens . ext . robard club - night Steve , concerned only with he only melancholy thought , walk down the sidewalk under the bridge . the car headlamps illuminate he in they glare as they move across he . Steve , without undue , interest , glance back but continue on he way . camera shoot eastward towards the silhouette of the bridge . the Police car turn as it come out of the square under the bridge towards camera . it move slowly ; again its headlamps flare into the lens . camera pulling back include Steve in foreground . behind he the Police car slow down at the curb ; it barely stop as kello slip out of the off-side door ; then the car move forward along the curb leave he behind Steve . as the car go out of picture past camera , kello stroll across the sidewalk , follow Steve . Steve , look past camera , notice ... reverse angle camera shoot toward 2nd Avenue . the Police car slow down again at the curb and Murph get out of it , turn to face Steve . resume Steve , see the man ahead of he , note something slightly menace in he manner and slow down in he walk . then , instinctively , he realize that there be a second man behind he , turn to look at kello . kello approach . kello hey , fella ...! camera move closer and closer on Steve . in he face we see a grow sense of something wrong ... int . robard club a jump CUT . loud noise , chico Hamilton on the drum ... int . bar another jump cut in the sound track . silence . it be a empty saloon , occupy only by a solitary drinker at one end of the long bar , nursing a beer , and by the bartender who be make out a dope sheet . sidney enter , stride to the bar and throw down a jangling half dollar . sidney a bunch of nickel , mister ! while the change be make , sidney stand with cocked head , listen in reality or imagination to what be happen down the street . as the barman supplies the change , sidney go to the juke box and load it with nickel say over he shoulder : sidney a double johnny Walker Black . or whatever you get . scotch . sidney put both hand on the juke box as if lean on it . with a click , drop and whirl , the music box come to life ; music blare out . pause a moment , sidney turn back toward the bar . sidney he reach for he drink , downs it . he be shiver . int . robard club - night once more , a abrupt sound transition : the jam session at full blast . camera frame the musician in foreground , but move away from they towards the entrance in background . near the doorway there be some activity ; a attendant beckon to robard who be drink with d'angelo . robard move toward the entrance . int / ext . robard club - night camera start on d'angelo at the bar . he look off after robard . there be little concern in he face , but as he watch , curiosity grow . he stroll out after the proprietor . camera track with he as d'angelo come to join the little mob of two or three people on the sidewalk . panning , the camera now shoot toward 2nd Avenue . Beyond the bridge we can see the Police car . kello and Murphy be beside one of the open door ( into which Steve have be carry ) . Murphy turn back , walk a few pace across the sidewalk and pick up Steve 's music case , which he carry back to the squad car . he get in and the car drive off . bouncer hey , robard , somebody just pick up one of you boy . robard what sa -- wha -- reverse angle d'angelo 's face show a bewilder astonishment and dismay as he turn back to the couple of people who be talk to robard . d' angelo be a little befuddle with drink . he push towards robard . d'angelo ( daze ) whatsa matter , Lou ? robard ( turn to d'angelo ) I be try to find out myself . they just pick up Steve . loiterer ( blankly ) some fat guy ... 2 nd loiterer a cop , a couple of cop . loiterer they smear he all over the lot . d'angelo he turn to look back towards the direction in which the Police car have depart . he seem unable to comprehend what he have hear ; but a slow and terrible fear be dawn on he ... lap dissolve to : Susan open the door to discover Frank d'angelo in lobby . he speak at once : d'angelo I be look for you brother . be he home ? susan no. ( sense the seriousness of he manner ) Mr. d'angelo - be something wrong ? d' angelo have no wish to become involved with the girl ; he do not reply . d'angelo when do he usually get in , you night - owl brother ? susan seldom before five . ( again ) what 's the matter ? would you care to come in a minute ? d' angelo back away , shaking he head . d'angelo no ...no . thanks . he turn back to the elevator . Susan close the door , but slowly ; she be watch d'angelo . camera move with d'angelo as he go to the bell of the elevator and ring it . he remain in this position , wait for the elevator , but now ( believe himself to be alone ) he lean he head against the wall and begin to weep , quietly . surprisingly , Susan be abruptly at he elbow , she seize he forcibly by the arm , demand : susan ( taut ) something 's happen . to Steve . d'angelo , with he face contort in grief and bitterness , can no longer refuse to answer she . d'angelo ( in a break voice ) he 's in the hospital ... he 's under arrest , too ... they plant reefer cigarettes on he ... in he overcoat pocket . Susan be become hysterical . susan ( wildly ) where be he ... I want to go to he ... d' angelo recover he self control . there be force and authority in he voice as he insist : d'angelo miss hunsecker , if you see he again they might ... might kill he . Susan be sober by he seriousness . susan ( slowly ) who be " they " ? d'angelo do not ask foolish question . ( then ) tell you brother I be a sensible man . he understand only two thing - power-politics and homage - tell he I come tonight to pay homage ! int . hallway - hunsecker' penthouse the elevator door open and sidney step out : he cross to the door of the apartment , push the button . the bell be hear ringing inside . while he wait , sidney produce a handkerchief , dab he face , straighten he tie ; clearly he be try to sober up . he go to the bell push to ring again . now he notice something that have escape he before : the door be not quite shut . he push it open . int . hunsecker' penthouse from inside . sidney hesitates , enter tentatively . longer angle the apartment appear empty . only one light be light ; the place be eerie . resume sidney sidney close the door , go into the main live room , camera pan with he . something chill he , he call softly , " j.j. ? " another angle sidney walk towards the study , there be nobody there either . he go back towards the stair to the upper floor ; in do so he repass the door of Susan 's bedroom , see that it be half open , go to look in . int . bedroom from sidney 's viewpoint . the bed have be sleep in but be unoccupy . the room be empty . on the seat at the foot of the bed be a drawer that have be pull out of the wardrobe ; it contain a collection of miscellaneous object , a snapshot album , letter , souvenir , disarranged as if someone have be look at they . sidney he look at the empty room , disturb . resume bedroom the curtain of the window onto the terrace be blow : the window be open . sidney walk into shot form behind camera . he call : sidney Susan ? Susan step into the room from the terrace , confront sidney . she be dress , wear the fur coat over a skirt and blouse . her manner be very strange ; the effect of the drug , no doubt . resume sidney sidney be very uncomfortable in she presence ; Susan be the last person he want to have conversation with . sidney where 's j.j.? he retreat across the threshold of the bedroom , into the outer room . resume susan and sidney she walk forward . susan he be not here ... int . live room sidney stand back to let she pass . sidney but he call and say ... Susan come out of the bedroom , walk past camera . susan no , I call ... he study the girl , say nothing . longer angle she walk listlessly across the room , move like a somnambulist . susan Mr. d'angelo phone about Steve ... I go down to the hospital , but they would not let I in . he promise to keep in touch with I - Mr. d'angelo , I mean ... resume sidney he watch she cautiously , not sure of how to deal with she . sidney ( carefully ) it 's all over town about Dallas ... ( move towards she ) how be he ? susan a close up . Susan 's expression be blank ; she eye be unsee . susan he 's...unconscious ... there be a tone of great despair in she voice . presently , she recover , camera ease back to include sidney beyond . she glance at he . susan I ... I give Steve up ... ( then ) why do you and j.j. do it ? resume sidney sidney look at she , tensely . her voice be so calm , so certain that sidney find it difficult to play - act innocence . he protest a little too loudly : sidney susie , if I get you meaning , you be pitching very wild ball . what - resume susan and sidney Susan interrupt , with a simplicity which be damaging . susan do not bother to lie , sidney . ( move away ) I do not care anymore . longer angle sidney decide that it be wiser not to argue . he assume a tolerant sympathy . he move towards she . sidney listen , get a good night 's sleep - tomorrow 's another day . feeling sorry for yourself will not help . susan ( shaking she head ) I be sorry about Steve , not myself . I be even sorry for my brother . to be so lonely , without one real friend in the world - to have to hang on to a worthless rag of a girl like I because she 's he only real family - sidney ( move towards she again ) come on now , chickie , why do not you go to bed ...? now she turn to he . susan and I be sorry for you , too , sidney . you be go down with the ship . sidney what ship ? she walk past he , still aimlessly wander about the room ; then she turn back , indicate herself . susan this ship . she study sidney . susan do not you know how my brother will see you after tonight ? you will be the man who drive he little stainless sister to suicide ... reverse angle shaken , sidney decide to ridicule the imply threat . sidney honey , I will just have to smile at that . he walk past camera . resume susan sidney walk into shot , go past she on he way to the door . sidney ( as he go ) it 's late and I be go home ... Susan , in foreground , remain quite still , say nothing . in background , sidney slow down , he confidence fail he ; he look back at she . sidney he can not go . probably , she 's bluff . but he can not be certain . he be suddenly angry . resume susan and sidney he stride back towards she . sidney susie , whatever problem you have with j.j. - I do not invent they ! what be you blame I for ? if you learn to let out you hatred you would be better off ! susan like you ? sidney yeah ! like I ! I do not choke on my own gall - I fight back ! let they choke , not I ! susan I be not a man , sidney , I be - sidney I know that bit - you be a girl ; you need a man to give you strength ! so what do you pick such weak sister for ? do not you know yet that you fight fire with fire , not with tear drop ? susan I could almost forgive you if what you do to Steve come from jealousy and love ... sidney ( quickly ) I do not do anything ! susan ... but you do it for greed , sidney - and that 's pathetic . she move past he . he grip she , turn she around . sidney do not run away - I be always the man for you ! I be talk to you out of two year of silence - listen to what I say ! Inside of six month - susan ( helplessly ) please , sidney , I can not stand this - camera hold sidney and Susan in foreground . but it be now shoot towards the door of the apartment . a panning movement have include a figure at the other end of the big room ... hunsecker he be take off he overcoat near the door of the apartment . we do not know how long he have be there , how much he have overhear . without appear to be consciously spying , hunsecker be listen to sidney 's voice over scene . sidney ( over scene ) listen to I , lunatic ! all you life you have be do penance for crime you never commit ! I could change that , I would teach you , I would show you - ! camera pan round with hunsecker who stroll across the room , make he presence know . sidney break off , drop he hand , release the girl . Susan turn towards hunsecker . hunsecker lay he briefcase and papers on the table . he address Susan without look at she . hunsecker go to bed , susie . it 's late ... Susan make no move . hunsecker glance at she , see sidney but treat sidney as if he be invisible . hunsecker ( to Susan ) what be he do here ? Susan walk towards hunsecker . susan I call he . sidney move forward also . sidney ( carefully ) she be depressed - she hear about Dallas . hunsecker still ignore he existence , he walk past Susan carry he papers to the desk . Susan turn , watch he . hunsecker ( " control " he feeling ) that subject it might be better not to start I on . ( angry ) he 's make all the papers tonight . hunsecker study the item in the paper . susan she be stare at she brother . suddenly , she be unable to suffer he authoritative air ; she go to he ; he ignore she ... hunsecker and susan childishly , she snatch the paper from he hand , throw it to the floor . he look at she . patiently , as with a hysterical infant , he stoops , recover the paper . hunsecker ( " mildly " ) be there something you want to say ...? ( as she do not answer , continue with grow viciousness ) I have put up with a lot of you guff , susie , because you be a child . but you be a woman now and I suspect , despite my best intention , more than a bit of a slut ... susan her head come up sharply at the insult . hunsecker and susan and sidney hunsecker glance at sidney , clearly remind they of the compromise situation in which they be find . sidney move to answer . sidney ( quickly ) j.j. , if you think - susan ( cut in ) do not explain , sidney ... it do not matter now ... hunsecker ( continue ) whose arm will I have to pry you out of next ? not that I do not think you do not invite it ! I know that look of yours , that pose of be wronge - and how it arouse the crusade instinct in even a sidney falco - hunsecker 's rise tide of brutality be have some effect on Susan , and sidney , fear for she , try to intervene . sidney I be try to build she up , not tear she down - hunsecker ( viciously ) be that why you be romance she , you mutt ! ( turn back to Susan ) let 's call it quit , my dear . I would like it fine if you find another home . that mean the front door be open ! pack you thing , rent a move van and git ! ( pace the room ) and as for marriage , let I hit you with a few choice fact : you be not ready for marriage ! you be incompetent - a capricious and shaky frail with a sick fatality for frail and useless man ! Susan be stare sightlessly at the floor near hunsecker 's foot . after a moment she turn and move to the door of she bedroom ; she walk be a little unsteady ; she go inside , close the door in hunsecker 's face . int . bedroom with the door close , she lean against it as if afraid of fall . she grope for the door handle , find the key and turn it . int . live room - hunsecker and sidney hunsecker be study the close door . hunsecker ( to himself ) another crisis past . ( walk away ) she will be fast asleep in five minute , load with that headache pill ... sidney sidney seem not to hear this remark . he be concentrate on the door ; he move hesitantly towards it , apprehensive . camera include hunsecker in background . hunsecker now we will get to you , sidney . ( turn to sidney ) as far as the column be concerned - tonight you have forfeit every ethical consideration I ever feel for you ... much more concerned with he anxiety for Susan , sidney interrupt . sidney ( cut in ) look , j.j. , I will grant you anything you want . ( as hunsecker be about to interrupt ) susie 's off she rocker tonight ! go in and see what she 's do ! go in and talk to she quietly - unless you want a corpse ! sidney 's conviction be impressive . but hunsecker be unwilling to admit the danger , he continue . hunsecker ( acid ) let I finish what I start to say - see that hunsecker be not take he advice , sidney stride swiftly to the door of Susan 's bedroom . he knock on it . int . bedroom shoot toward the door . Susan be sit on the bed in foreground . in a methodical , hypnotic way , she be destroy the content of the drawer , tear letter into small fragment . sidney 's voice be hear outside : " susie ! " Susan appear not to hear it ; camera track closer to she . sidney 's voice be hear again , louder : " susie ! " Susan turn sharply towards the door . susan a close up . Susan rise to she foot , stare at the door . she begin to back away from it . resume reverse angle camera pull back as Susan glance down at the record player beside she . she turn the knob . we hear the clatter of a record drop and music begin . the tune be " the Sage . " int . live room close shot of sidney . he hear the music start . hunsecker hunsecker have come forward . but now , as he listen to the gramaphone record play in the bedroom , hunsecker relax , assume that this be a sign that sidney 's suspicion be unfounded . hunsecker ( come forward ) what a cornball you be , sidney ... camera track to include sidney . he do not share hunsecker 's confidence ; he knock again , call : sidney ( anxiously ) susie ! ( in grow fear ) susie ! camera track closer to sidney . as he try the doorknob , camera tilt down . sidney 's hand try the doorknob , find it lock , shake it forcefully . detail from inside the bedroom . we see the doorknob rattle . resume susan a close up . she realize that sidney mean to insist . she turn away towards the blow curtain in background . resume live room a detail shot . sidney 's hand be still shaking the doorknob . he release it . camera pull back to a two shot of sidney and hunsecker as sidney retreat from the door in apprehension . now hunsecker have begin to share sidney 's anxiety . he move to the door , knock and then pound on it . hunsecker ( with authority ) susie , this be j.j .! open up ! susan a close up . she come forward past the blow curtain . the wind whip at she hair . over scene we hear the rumble of the traffic on Broadway far below . resume hunsecker he be pound on the door again . camera make a quick pan to sidney who , in a split second , realize that Susan may have go out on the balcony . he turn , dash towards the study to look out on the terrace . resume susan she have now start to climb onto the parapet . sidney leap into shot , drag she bodily off the parapet and out of shot . we hear Susan cry out , a hysterical gasp . camera , look through the window of Susan 's bedroom , see the door fly open as hunsecker burst into the room . he look swiftly around , advance towards the open window . exasperate by the sound of the gramaphone , he switch it off ; he step out onto the terrace . camera pan with he as he turn to look back into the study where Susan 's inanimate figure be sprawle on the floor , half across the low upholster footstool . sidney , white and shaking , be stand over she . reverse angle camera at floor level . Susan be frame in foreground . the lower half of sidney can be see beside she . hunsecker be on the terrace in background . shock , he move quickly into the room . hunsecker a close up . he look down at he sister . he be badly shake . the sharp bite of terror produce a reaction of something akin to anger . but he swiftly control it . he move past camera . reverse angle hunsecker stoops into shot . tenderly , he lift the girl 's body to get it into the arm chair . Susan be quite lifeless , limp with the dead weight of a creature that have lose any instinct for self - preservation . but as she feel she brother 's arm , and as she recognize who it be , she break out in hysteria . susan ( wildly ) no! no ! do not touch I ! hunsecker ( sharply ) Susan !... but Susan strike at he , a vicious gesture of revulsion . hunsecker let she go . she fall into the arm chair , she face hide from he ; she begin to sob . susan ( she body shaking ) go away !... go away !... hunsecker would like to comfort she , but he dare not touch she again for fear of invite another rebuff . he be deeply hurt and wounded . embarrass that sidney should watch this moment , hunsecker rise . to cover he emotion , he walk to the tray of drink in background ; he pour a brandy and come back . stoop , he offer it to Susan . her only reaction be again to wrench herself away from he , face the opposite direction . susan ( sobbing bitterly ) go away ! hunsecker set down the drink , stand up . hunsecker ( in a choke voice ) talk to she , sidney ... sidney ( hushed ) talk to she yourself ... over scene the telephone ring . it be ignore . while hunsecker look down at the girl , helplessly , the telephone continue to ring . susan a close up . it be she who first become aware of the telephone . her weep have stop now . slowly , she raise she head . camera ease back to include sidney beyond she ; he note this movement , see in it a revival of the girl 's will to live ; he be move . another angle the telephone be frame in foreground , Susan beyond . it continue to ring . as hunsecker cross to he desk to pick up the instrument , camera pull back . hunsecker speak : hunsecker yuh ... yuh ... ( he listen ) just a minute ... ( turn back to Susan ) susie , it 's Mr. d'angelo - from the hospital ... resume susan a close shot . she raise she head higher , still weakly . we see in she face a mixture of terror and hope . reverse angle hunsecker come forward to set down the telephone in front of she , on the footstool . hunsecker and sidney watch . she reach a hand , which be still tremble , pick up the receiver . her voice as she speak to the instrument be barely audible . susan yes ...yes ...yes ... presently , she hang up . when she become aware that hunsecker and sidney be wait for a explanation , she tell they : susan ( speak with difficulty ) Steve ... be out of danger ... hunsecker hunsecker nod . he already know this . then : hunsecker ( soberly ) that mean a lot to you ? susan she do not look at he , she lower she eye but answer with a nod . and then , more positively : susan yes . resume hunsecker he study the girl . his face have harden . he move , beginning to pace . ( and also beginning he ' manipulation ' . ) hunsecker but I have to warn you , susie - for you own sake - he will still do time ... camera follows hunsecker . it now take in sidney who be stand beside he . sidney have begin to stare fixedly at hunsecker . ( he be now realize that hunsecker , although he have be face with this demonstration of the girl 's willingness to kill herself , have still learn nothing , be still continue in the old pattern . ) hunsecker ( continue , warming to he theme ) he 's a hop-head - that 's a felony in New York . I can try , of course , to ... sidney a close up . revolted , sidney break in : sidney you be unholy , j.j .! you would rather kill this girl than let she go ! group shot hunsecker wheel on sidney , bellow : hunsecker ( in blind rage ) get out of this house ! sidney , with equal heat , spin round to Susan , cry out before he have time to check himself : sidney ( impulsively ) susie , you get out of this house ! - get out before it 's too late ! sidney sidney have go too far now to pull back . inevitably , he continue . during the speech , camera pull back to include Susan and then hunsecker . sidney ( with sincerity ) listen with care - this will cost I everything , so you know I be tell you the truth ! hunsecker ( try to stop he ) you be incapable of the truth ... sidney ( who will not by stop ) susie , there 's nothing wrong with Dallas ! ( turn toward hunsecker ) you brother and I arrange it all . and if the Leslie boy be still a squooshy item in you life , forget it ! - you brother arrange that one , too ! I do not usually give away present ; but this be my gift to you : get out of here ! leave this man ! during the latter part of the speech , Susan rise slowly to she foot , stare first at sidney and then , with fearful significance , at she brother . hunsecker do not look at she ; he be concentrate on sidney . twice he have be about to demolish sidney , but he now stop , a thought in he head . hunsecker he be perfectly control , smile . hunsecker like most italian , sidney 's get a big gift for dramatics . I , however , prefer the cool and stubborn fact . sidney have not appear in my column in week - check that fact with Mary . that lead right to another fact : sidney have nothing to lose tonight ! to the contrary , dear - only he obvious greed to beat he way back into the column explain he accusation against I ! in brief , blackmail ! hunsecker pause impressively . group shot framing hunsecker in foreground , Susan and sidney beyond . Susan listen to hunsecker objectively , with a mount sense of he disease reason . hunsecker ( continue ) mind you , not that one true fact do not come out of sidney 's mouth tonight : self - admittedly , he commit a vicious crime of jealousy against Steve Dallas ! ( pause ) now we have to clear Dallas , do not we ?... but I will have to sacrifice he ... ( he indicate sidney ) ...to do it . ( turn to Susan ) be I do right ? susan she be look at hunsecker . hunsecker ( o.s. ) ( over scene ) yes or no , susie ...? slowly , Susan nod . reverse angle shoot across Susan onto hunsecker . hunsecker turn away from she and walk to the telephone . he pick it up and begin to speak . while the scene continue , we hear he voice off screen , speak to the phone , say : " this be j.j. hunsecker . I want you to get a message through to Lieutenant kello . ask he to ring I back . it 's urgent . " Susan back slowly away from hunsecker . then she turn into camera , which track with she and include sidney . Susan look at sidney and then , ashamed , avoid he eye . but sidney come nearer to she . Susan be deeply distress . susan ( very quietly ) he 's sick . she look again at sidney . deliberately , sidney nod . Susan walk toward she bedroom . int . bedroom Susan come into the room , find shelter from the revelation which have so appal she . inexorably sidney follow she . he come across the threshold , close the door . sidney ( quietly ) yes , he 's sick and you be the only idiot alive who do not know it . a pause . sidney move closer to she . sidney but what be you go to do ? there be some tear of pity in Susan 's eye . once more she move away from sidney . sidney sense that she compassion for hunsecker might easily lead she once again to slip back into the trap . he insist : sidney ( with emphasis ) you do not owe you brother a cup of water ! another pause . sidney again repeat : sidney what be you go to do ? she move away from sidney , camera follow she . after a moment , she answer : susan go to Steve . sidney sidney be move , have do he solitary act of chivalry . to hide he feeling , he be harsh : sidney ( sharply ) for Pete 's sake , straighten out the seam of you stocking - comb you hair - do not be so helpless all the time ! camera pull back to include Susan . from the other room , we hear the telephone ring . sidney turn and go quickly out . after a moment , Susan look back at the door through which sidney have disappear . int . live room hunsecker be frame in foreground , speak into the telephone . sidney be in background , outside the door of Susan 's bedroom . hunsecker be fully aware of sidney 's presence , as he say : hunsecker ( to phone ) no , he 's admit that , Harry . my kid sister 's a witness . sidney a close shot . he watch hunsecker with a curious detachment . produce a cigarette , he light it and then look up towards hunsecker . hunsecker ( o.s. ) ( over scene ) no , he admit he plant the stuff on the Dallas boy ... resume hunsecker and sidney hunsecker frame in foreground , sidney beyond . hunsecker have at the same time be tapping a cigarette on the desk . sidney walk across to hunsecker , offer the light match . hunsecker - reverse angle as he accept the light he continue speak to the phone : hunsecker yeah ... jealousy . resume hunsecker and sidney sidney turn on he heel , walk out of the apartment . hunsecker ( continue ) ... he 's be try to make my sister behind my back . cafe on broadway kello be in a phone booth . kello ( to phone ) oh , that 's serious , j.j. Real reprehensible ... kello lean out of the booth into the cafe signal through the window to the street outside where the squad car pull ahead to a position ready for he outside the door . kello ( to phone ) do not worry , I will get there . I be on Broadway now . kello hang up . hurries out . we see he get into the squad car which rapidly accelerate . int . hunsecker' live room hunsecker have hang up . he stare at the telephone for a moment . then he move towards Susan 's door , camera tracking with he . he come to the threshold , look at Susan who be stand in much the same position in which sidney leave she . susan unaware that she brother be watch she , she pick up the fur coat on the bed . ( she be about to start pack she belonging . ) she turn as she hear hunsecker speak . hunsecker ( over scene ) that 's a pretty coat . reverse angle shoot across Susan , towards hunsecker . hunsecker come into the room . hunsecker ( continue ) - but it 's about time you have a new one . Susan turn squarely to face he . resume susan she brace herself to tell he : susan ( soberly ) I be leave , j.j. resume reverse angle he do not sense any danger in the seriousness of she tone ( or , if he do , refuse to recognize it . ) hunsecker ( with a faint scoff ) do not kid a kidder . I will see you for breakfast around eleven . without wait for a response , hunsecker go out , close the door . Susan stare at it for a moment . then she move to get a small suitcase which she lay on the bed . terrace hunsecker open the window onto the terrace , come out and look over the parapet , ( look to see how far sidney have get , hope to see kello 's squad car . ) resume susan she complete she simple pack , close the suitcase . with a gesture that be obviously automatic , she start to put on the fur coat ; then she halt , realize what she be do . she pause ; camera move closer . now , deliberately she throw the coat back on the bed . camera pan down with the gesture . she look down at the coat , the discard symbol of she dependence upon she brother . camera pull back again as she take a quick look round , then go to take a duffle coat from the wardrobe . she throw this over she arm , pick up the suitcase , go to the door . int . live room Susan come out of the door . she move with a sober determination , expect to find hunsecker in the room . camera track with she . but then she realize that hunsecker have go out on the terrace . she take a step or two towards he , then pause . hunsecker from Susan 's viewpoint , shoot through the big glass window . hunsecker be at the parapet . he be impatiently look down into Broadway . susan a close up . she now realize that there be no point in say goodbye to he : she have already tell he that she be leave and , if she become involved in further argument with he , it can do no good . yet there be some emotion on she face as she take a last look at she brother ; she turn away . hunsecker framing he in foreground at the parapet . Susan can be see through the window before she disappear to the door . hunsecker react as he catch sight of a vehicle on Broadway below ... ext . broadway the squad car come down Broadway at speed . ext . duffy' square sidney be walk across the square . the squad car appear in foreground ; it pause hardly at all as kello slip out of it , and start to move after sidney . then the car accelerate round duffy Square to cut sidney off on the other side . sidney sidney come up towards camera . see something ahead , he halt ... squad car from sidney 's viewpoint . the car break to a stop . it 's door open and a detective get out slowly . it be phil . resume sidney sidney be frame in foreground , the squad car beyond . sidney know what this mean . he start to speak before he turn to look over he shoulder . sidney hello , Harry ... reverse angle kello , move silently up behind sidney , slow down , amused at sidney 's prescience . kello hi! ( come to join sidney ) I just be on the phone to j.j. kello 's manner be almost affectionate . he shake he head , admonish sidney . kello ( mildly ) you be a bad boy , sidney . j.j. 's go to write about you in he column tomorrow . reverse angle shoot across kello onto sidney . sidney 's smile be tired . sidney I think he would . kello yeah ... ( then ) and another thing - he 's gonna say you ' resist arrest ' ... ( as sidney nod ) you know j.j ....! sidney turn away to look back towards phil . then , take kello totally by surprise , he wheel , strike the cop viciously across the mouth . kello kello 's head jerk back . recovering at once , he guffaw , lurch into camera with a sudden vicious movement . there be a sharp guttural cry over scene . longer angle phil run forward towards the figure of sidney and kello see beyond he . in do so , he block the view so that we do not clearly see the violence with which kello strike sidney down . phil , in foreground , be see to relax . when he move aside , clear the view , sidney be writhe on the ground at kello 's foot . closer angle kello wipe he knuckle on he handkerchief . he signal to phil to help lift the body at he foot . phil enter shot and they raise sidney , half carry , half drag he out of shot . long shot the cop carry the figure of sidney falco across duffy Square ; they bundle he into the police car . the pigeon in the square , circle . hunsecker' terrace camera look down towards duffy Square in the distance . the police car can be see move off , circle the square and disappear southward on Broadway . camera pull back to include hunsecker in foreground . hunsecker a close shot , shoot sharply upward at hunsecker . he look down , quiet impassively , and there be a slightly insane grandeur , a paranoiac superiority in the way that he turn back , dismiss sidney from he thought . int . live room camera shoot towards the close door of Susan 's room . hunsecker walk into the shot , stop before the door . he begin to take off he tie and unbutton he shirt , clearly prepare to go to bed . as a after-thought , he come back to the door , address it : hunsecker ( gently ) susie ? ( get no answer ) be you in bed ...? camera move closer . it be at a low level , still emphasize the man 's dignity . he stroll for a few pace . hunsecker ( continue ) I do not have to tell you , of course , that I clear you boyfriend 's name ; I do not let you down ... camera have now move so that we be shoot past hunsecker onto Susan 's door . he get no answer except silence . hunsecker a close shot , reverse angle . we now see in he face a flicker of fear . with what be clearly a effort , he reassume a confident manner . hunsecker ... I be save this news for breakfast , but I think I will jump the gun ! i'm gonna give you and dallas the biggest wedding this town have ever see ! still no answer from inside the bedroom . hunsecker 's force expression remain unnaturally fix upon he face . he call out : hunsecker susie ...? int . bedroom the room be quite empty . camera shoot across the bed towards the door in background . Susan 's discard fur coat lie on the bed . and the door of the wardrobe be open . hunsecker 's voice can be hear continue over scene : hunsecker ( o.s. ) ( outside ) I be get the Mayor to perform the ceremony and - no , I think I will fly the Governor down from albany ... ( a pause ) do you hear ...? a pause . then , very tentatively , the bedroom door be open . hunsecker ( o.s. ) ( outside ) be you listen ?... now he open the door and come in . hunsecker a big close up . the sight of the empty room freeze he face for a moment . his eye look round . int . bedroom from hunsecker 's viewpoint . a panning shot , from the open door of the cupboard to the fur coat . camera pull back to include hunsecker . he step to the bed , pick up the coat . reverse angle there be a daze , incredulous look on he face . but , as he glance over he shoulder , camera zoom past he towards a little door in the wall behind he : it be ajar , show a couple of inch of light . resume hunsecker once again hunsecker reassure himself that Susan must be behind the door . but he voice be even more false as he declare : hunsecker ( a note of anger appear in he voice ) susie !... you will not threaten I !... nobody walk out on j.j. hunsecker ! camera now move closer and closer to hunsecker . the angle be a weird one , tilting grotesquely upward . hunsecker ( continue ) you need I - you all need I !... hunsecker , he fist clenching fiercely at the fur coat , walk towards the door . camera pan with he . he stand a few inch from the narrow open . he seem about to push the door open further , but be afraid to do so . int . bathroom camera shoot across the bathtub , show enough of the tiny room to make it clear that it , too , be completely empty . through the slit in the door , we can see only a glimpse of the movement of hunsecker outside . hunsecker 's voice continue : hunsecker ( o.s. ) " the Lord be my shepherd ; I shall not want " . ( a sneering laugh ) that 's bunk in a book ! I be the shepherd of million of little man and woman !... int . bedroom a downward angle , shoot past hunsecker to the door . as hunsecker retreat from the door , he be still clutching the fur coat . he stand alone in the middle of the room and he gesture be a little wild . camera rise higher to shoot down at hunsecker , alone in the little room . hunsecker ( continue ) ... I do not ask they to get on they knee , but they come to I for advice and guidance ! who be you to reject I ! with a increasingly eccentric manner , hunsecker stride out of the bedroom door into the live room again . int . live room a similar angle , shoot down on hunsecker as he come out of the bedroom . but as he start to roam the vast room , camera rise higher still , pull backwards and upwards to a long shot which hold the entirety of the big room in all its ugliness . hunsecker ( continue ) what make you fit to sit in judgment on a man like I . only a great person understand another great person , and that leave you out ! hunsecker be now address the whole of the apartment , no longer pretend even to himself , that the girl be still listen . he move off towards the window to the terrace where the curtain be now blow in the morning wind . he go out towards the terrace , he voice become more distant - a man shouting empty nonsense , address no one . hunsecker ( continue ) - that leave you all out ! you be pigmy ! you be all sick , weak midget ! I be proud to be alone !... ext . broadway camera shoot steeply up towards the top of the brill bldg . ( at this angle hunsecker 's terrace will not be visible but its position be establish in relationship to the budweiser sign . ) camera pan down to pick up the figure of Susan hunsecker as she push she way out of the brass door onto Broadway . closer angle Susan pause on the sidewalk . she stay there for a moment . she breathes in the fresh morning air , look around with the expression of someone who see the world with new eye . then she start up Broadway - away from the Times Square area . the girl 's step have a purpose in it ; she have confidence and courage . Music for the end title be quiet , simple and lyrical . end of picture