jon favreau 's " swinger " for educational use only swinger by jon favreau Dec. 13 , 1994 third draft 1 ext . hollywood - night 1 the soundtrack open with Frank Sinatra 's " fly I to the Moon " . a helicopter shot of the L.A. basin . the pool of golden light disintegrate into the thousand of point which constitute it as we rapidly draw closer to the city . we be just above the top of the high building as we approach Hollywood boulevard . below be neon and the icy thrust of search light rotate on the corner of Hollywood and vine . we continue west , then quickly north . there be the momentary appearance of the moonlit hollywood sign as we pass the blink red beacon of the Capital record building and drop into Franklin avenue and over the 101 . Architectural remnant of Hollywood 's past whip up . we be head east at treetop level . a warm glow in the distance quickly grow into a modest commercial strip which include cafe , bookstore , and a theater . we drop to eye level as we spy through the plate glass showcase window of the " bourgeois pig " coffeehouse , which hold the translucent reflection of the full moon . a cigarette wedge between knuckle smoulder . mike take the last drag with great effort , then crush it out . he sit in the window sprawle across a red velvet couch that once perfectly complement a faux spanish foyer . match CUT to : 2 ext . " bourgeois pig " coffeehouse - couch and table in front 2 window - night rob sit down next to Mike , pour himself some tea . mike and what if I do not want to give up on she ? rob you do not call . mike but you say I should not call if I want to give up on she . rob right . mike so I do not call either way . rob right . mike so what 's the difference ? rob the only difference between give up and not give up be if you take she back when she want to come back . see , you can not do anything to make she want to come back . you can only do thing to make she not want to come back . mike so the only difference be if I forget about she or pretend to forget about she . rob right . mike well that suck . rob it suck . mike so it 's almost a retroactive decision . so I could , like , let 's say , forget about she and when she come back make like I just pretend to forget about she . rob right ... or more likely the opposite . mike right ... wait , what do you mean ? rob I mean first you will pretend not to care , not call - whatever , and then , eventually , you really will not care . mike unless she come back first . rob ah , see , that 's the thing . somehow they do not come back until you really do not care anymore . mike there 's the rub . rob there 's the rub . mike thanks , man . sorry we always talk about the same thing all the time ... rob hey man , do not sweat it . mike ... it 's just that you have be there . you advice really help . rob no problem . mike Rob , I just want you to know , you be the only one I can talk to about she . rob thanks . thanks , man . dissolve to : 3 int . mike' apartment - night 3 Close up on answer machine . Mike push the button . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) hello , you have five message . Mike 's eye light up . he pace in anticipation as the tape rewind . answering machine ( male voice ) hey , baby . it 's trent . I hope you be feel better about you old girlfriend . I hope my advice help ... Mike fast - forward to next message . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) skip message . ( male voice ) whatsup , Mike . if you want to talk some more about Michelle ... ( synthesize voice ) skip message . ( female voice ) Mike , it 's Chris . feeling better yet about ...? ( synthesize voice ) skip message . tension grow with every inch of spool tape . do she leave a message ? answering machine ( female voice ) hi , Mike . do she call yet ? if she do not then she do not deserve ... ( synthesize voice ) skip message . the last one . it 's a long shot , but he 's get the faith . answering machine ( elderly female voice ) Michael , this be grandma . I want to know if you get the part on that television program . I tell the whole family and they be very excited to know if ... ( synthesize voice ) skip message . end of final message . mike ( lighting a cigarette , defeat ) shit . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) you have to put thing in perspective . mike ( unfaze by the sentient appliance ) I know , I know . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) you have be through worse . mike you be right . I know . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) ever since I have know you . mike I do not know about that . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) move here from New York be much more of a adjustment than this . mike it do not feel that way . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) that 's because it be a challenge . you have control over you be situation . it be hard , but you rise to it . mike okay . I will think about that . bye . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) you really should . life , after all , be really just a series of challenge ... mike ( grow irate ) enough . I have get to use the phone . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) be you call her ? mike no. stop , come on . the LED go black as the machine beep off . Mike pick up the phone and hit autodial . Machine beep off . phone ring again , then be answer . trent ( over phone ) hello ? mike S 'up trent ? trent lemme get off the other line , baby . we hear the click of call - wait - hold limbo . the silence be interrupt . answering machine ( synthesize voice over phone ) you should call you grandmother . mike shuddup . trent ( return to line ) that be Sue . we get two party tonight . one 's for a modeling agency . mike I do not know ... trent listen to I , baby , there be go to be beautiful baby there . mike trent , I do not feel like go out tonight . I get shit to do tomorrow ... trent listen to you . I get a audition for a pilot at nine and I be go . you gotta get out with some beautiful baby . you can not sit home think about she . mike I do not know ... trent I do not know , I do not know - listen to you . we be gonna have fun tonight . we gotta get you out of that stuffy apartment . mike we be gonna spend half the night drive around the Hills look for this party and then leave cause it suck , then we be gonna look for this other party you hear about . but , trent , all the party and bar , they all suck . I spend half the night try to talk to some girl who 's eye be darting around to see if there 's someone else she should be talk to . and it 's like I be suppose to be all happy cause she 's wear a backpack . half of they be nasty skank who would not be shit if they be not surround by a bunch of drunken horny asshole . I be not gonna be one of that asshole . it 's fuck depress . some skank who be not half the woman my girlfriend be be gonna front I ? it make I want to puke . trent ( beat ) you get it bad , baby . you need Vegas . mike what be you talk about ? Vegas ? trent vega . mike what Vegas ? trent we be go to Vegas . mike when ? trent tonight , baby . mike you be crazy . trent I will pick you up in a half a hour . mike I be not go to Vegas . trent shut up - yes you be . now listen to tee . we will stop at a cash machine on the way . a long thoughtful pause . mike I can not lose more than a hundred . trent just bring you card . half a hour . mike wait . trent what ? mike what be you wear ? I mean , we should wear suit . trent oh ... now mikey want to be a high roller . mike no , seriously , if you be dress nice and you act like you gamble a lot , they give you free shit . trent okay bugsy . twenty minute . mike wear a suit , I be tell you it work . trent be downstairs . you be beautiful . CUT to : 4 ext . mike' build - franklin avenue - night 4 Mike be dress to the nine in classic vintage thread . he 's try to look at ease as he straighten he cuff link . he approach trent who suavely lean against he wear down ride . he 's a tall , slim , good -look cat . his sharkskin suit hang well on he lanky frame as it taper to he ankle . Sinatra 's " come fly with I " on the tape deck add a elegance to the scene . they exchange a impish grin and depart without say a word . maybe this be not such a bad idea . CUT to : 5 int . trent's car - detail shot - speedometer - night 5 the needle be pinned . the gauge be blurred by the vibration of the poorly tune engine . the shot widen to reveal that the " oil " and " service " dummy light be both illuminate , cause a eerie red glow onto trent 's white knuckle . 6 ext . desert road - night 6 trent 's car be red-line . the swinger be Vegas bound . do not pass go . match CUT to : 7 int . trent's car - night 7 mike ( count bill ) I take out three hundred , but I be only gonna bet with one . I figure if we buy a lot of chip , the pit boss will see and they will comp we all sort of shit , then we trade back the chip at the end of the night . you gotta be cool though . trent I be cool , baby . they be gonna give daddy a room , some breakfast , maybe bennett 's sing . mike I be serious . this be how you do it . I be tell you . trent I know . daddy 's gonna get the rainman suite . Vegas , baby . we be go to Vegas ! mike Vegas ! you think we will get there by midnight ? trent baby , we be gonna be up by five hundy by midnight . Vegas , baby ! mike Vegas ! Mike twist up the Chairman of the board as we ... dissolve to : 8 int . trent's car - hour later 8 the two swinger be start to fray around the edge but be unwilling to admit it to each other or themselves . Frank have be replace by talk radio . trent Vegas , baby ! mike Vegas ! the needle be still bury . dissolve to : 9 int . trent's car - many hour later 9 sleep deprivation and desert static radio . trent Vegas . mike Vegas . dissolve to : 10 int . trent's car - later that night 10 Mike be sleep in the passenger seat . trent wake up , baby . mike ( stir ) whu ? trent look at it , baby . Vegas , baby ! trent point out a mountain range . it be now the only thing separate they from they destination . the surreal glow of the desert sky be accentuate by the loud slashing of the cobalt and ruby laser emanate from a source mask by the craggy peak . Mike slowly stir from he slumber . he be transfix by this affrontation of nature . it be he first glimpse of the city without God . mike ( in reverie ) Vegas . CUT to : 11 ext . vega strip - night 11 the shrill cry of basie 's fat brass section herald the arrival of the young swinger . they eye drink every watt of golden light as Sinatra 's croon urge they on . Mike have either have enough sleep or so little that it no longer matter . either way , there 's no turn back . they roll up to a casino valet . tilt up to a skull and crossbone which loom overhead . CUT to : 12 int . treasure island casino - night 12 the two guy walk and talk down a fluorescent hallway . it be well past midnight and the only patron at this hour be tourist too drunk to sleep and compulsive gambler who snuck out of they room without waking they wife . it be a weeknight and it be beginning to become painfully obvious that we boy be overdress . the decor be nautical plaster . casting of bearded man with primitive prosthesis clutching dagger between they tooth be everywhere . all of ye olde promenade shoppes be close . mike ( the first budd of crankiness ) Pirates of the fuck Caribbean . trent this be the hot new place , besides , you love pirate . tell I mikey do not love pirate . mike this be fuckin ' post - pubescent disneyland . trent you gotta love the pirate , baby . the pirate be money . the corridor empty into the equally kitch casino . mike this place be dead . I think this be the city that never sleep . trent that 's New York , baby . you should know that . look at the waitress . I be gonna get I a peg-leg baby . mike they be all skank . trent baby , there be beautiful baby here . mike tee , the beautiful baby do not work wednesday midnight to six . this be the skank shift . trent what be you talk about ? look at all the honey . trent contort he face at a cute waitress pass by with a tray of drink . trent arrrrg ! the waitress crack a smile as she cross away . Mike be visibly embarrassed . mike cut that shit out . trent she smile baby . mike that 's not cool . trent do she , or do she not smile ? mike it do not matter ... trent I be tell you , they love that shit . mike you be gonna screw up we plan . trent we be gonna get laid , baby . mike first let 's see what happen if we play it cool . trent what ? you think she 's gonna tell she pit-boss on we ? mike do not make fun , I think we can get some free shit if we do not fuck around . trent who 's fuck around ? I be not make fun . let 's do it , baby . mike the trick be to look like you do not need it , then they give you shit for free . trent well , you look money , baby . we both look money . Mike point to a semi-curtained , semi-rop - off area near the baccarat table . the clientele be classier , but they be still obviously overdress . mike ( point ) that 's where we make we scene . trent you think they be watch ? mike oh , they be watch all right . they be watch . CUT to : 13 int . treasure island casino - the classy section - night 13 Mike be at a blackjack table with trent at he side . the game have pause to observe the newcomer as Mike draw a billfold out of he breast pocket . they be pull it off with only slightly noticeable effort . mike I do not know , I guess I will start with three hundred in , uh , black . Mike try to hand the dealer a handful of twenty after count they twice . dealer on the table . mike sorry ? dealer you have to lay it on the table . mike uh , I do not want to bet it all . the other player grow impatient . dealer you be not allow to hand I money , sir . you will have to lay it on the table if you want I to change it . mike ( hastily lay down the bill ) oh ... right . the dealer lay out the bill such that the amount be visible to the camera encase in the black glass globe overhead . trent and Mike look up at it open-mouthed like turkey in the rain . dealer black ? Mike 's attention be recapture by the dealer , but trent continue try to peer through the smoke glass . mike huh ? dealer you want this in black chip . mike sure , that will be fine . the dealer chirp out a unintelligible formality and the pit boss chirp the response . trent 's focus whip away from the camera as both he and Mike stare at the pit boss ten foot away . the dealer plunk down the measly three chip which represent Mike 's entire cash reserve . not quite the effect he have hope for . the swinger stare at the chip . the player stare at the swinger . the dealer stare at the pit boss . mike do you have anything smaller ? dealer yes , but I be afraid this table have a hundred - dollar-minimum bet . perhaps you would be more comfortable at one of we lower stake table . the dealer indicate a five -dollar table across the room where a Hispanic woman deal to a bluehair , a biker , and a couple in match siegfry and Roy t-shirt . the swinger look back to the dealer who be now flanke by the pit boss . the tense silence be break by ... waitress drink ? ( then to trent ) how about you , cap and ? trent look over to see that it 's the same waitress who flashed he a smile earlier . at first he begin to smile , then , remember that he be lock in a high stake battle of will , subtly shake she off . she smirk and start to leave until she be interrupt by Mike hold up a finger . it 's a balsy move , but everyone 's watch . the kid 's go for break . mike ( to the waitress , but never break eye contact with the dealer ) I will have a vodka martini , straight up , shake not stir , very dry . smooth . trent be impressed , but mask he pride . waitress ( under she breath cynically as she write it down ) one " James bond " . ow . she exit . mike ( regain composure ) no. black will be fine . Mike throw a chip in the circle . trent be shocked . that 's a hundred buck . Mike and trent share a look . the dealer and the pit boss exchange glance . bet be all down and the card be meticulously deal . the dealer have a two show . Mike have be deal a five and a six - eleven . trent ( hushed tone ) double down . mike ( even husheder ) what ?!? trent double down , baby . you gotta double down on a eleven . mike I know , but ... trent you gotta do it . mike ... but that 's two hundred dollar . this be blood money ... trent if we do not look like we know what we be do , then we may as well ... everyone 's wait for they . mike I know . the dealer , the pit boss , and all the player look on as Mike drop another black chip in the circle with a barely audible , yet deafen , thud . mike ( with all the nonchalance he can muster ) double down . a bead of sweat . the sharp snap of a deal card . it 's a seven . eighteen . disappointment twist they face . finally the dealer flip over he card . it 's a king ! twelve . here come the bust ... flick - four . sixteen ! here come the bust ... flick - five . twenty one . groan all around , except for the swinger who watch they chip slide away in silence . Mike break the spell with a plucky smile from the pit of he stomach . mike ( to the pit boss ) sure could use some dinner about now . smash CUT to : trent and Mike be wedge between the bluehair and the biker at the five dollar table . they share a pile of red chip . trent I be tell you , baby , you always double down on a eleven . mike yeah ? well obviously not always ! trent always , baby . mike I be just say , not in this particular case . trent always . mike but I lose ! how can you say always ?!? in the meantime , the bluehair have be deal a eleven . this capture the swinger 's attention . bluehair hit. four. Fifteen all together . bluehair oh ... I do not know ... hit . two. seventeen . Dealer have a seven show . bluehair what the hell - hit . four ! twenty one . dealer ( with a warm smile ) twenty one . polite applause from around the table which the bluehair humbly wave off . Mike look at trent. dagger . trent shrug . a different pit boss approach . pit boss would you care for some breakfast , mar 'am ? bluehair well ...? no , I should not . maybe later . thank you , though . mike ( to trent , under he breath ) I be gonna fuckinkillyou . CUT to : 14 int . treasure island casino - cashier' window - night 14 Mike be present a stack of twenty by the cashier , who count they out . trent look on . cashier ...eighty ... one hundred ... one hundred and twenty dollar . we hope to see you back on the high seas soon . ( polite smile ) Mike throw she a disgust look , then turn to go . trent struggle to cheer he up . trent what 's that ? one twenty ? you be up twenty buck , baby . Mike throw he a disgust glare . trent ... well , you know , not count the first table . mike thanks for clarify that . trent hey , man , I be down too , you know . mike yea , how much ? trent I do not know , what ? thirty , forty maybe . mike do not give I that shit . you know exactly how much you lose . what would you drop ? trent twenty ... but I be down at least fifty . I be sorry , I get hot at the crap table . mike you win . there 's nothing to be sorry about . you be a winner . I be the fuckin loser . I should be sorry . trent baby , do not talk like that , baby . mike let 's just leave . trent baby , you be money . you be the big winner . mike let 's go . trent ( condescending ) who 's the big winner ? Mike look away , shaking he head in disgust . trent ( lift Mike 's reluctant hand from the wrist like a box champ ) mikey 's the big winner . mike ( shaking he head to hide a smirk ) what a asshole . trent okay , tee 's the asshole , but mikey 's the big winner . the same waitress from before approach the swinger as they be about to leave . waitress there you two be . I walk around for a hour with that stupid martini on my tray . mike sorry . we get knock out pretty quickly . christy ( sarcasm ? ) a couple of high roller like you ? mike could you believe it ? christy wait here , I will get you that martini . mike Nah , I do not really want it anyway . I just want to order it . christy can I get you something else ? I mean , you should not leave without get something for free . mike no thanks . why ruin a perfect night . trent ( condescending ) bring a James bond for I and my boy mikey , and if you tell the bartender to go easy on the water ... ( hold up a half - dollar ) ... this Kennedy have you name on it . now run along , I be timing you . the waitress smile in spite of herself , shake she head , and walk away . mike what a asshole . trent that be money . tell I that be not money . mike that be so demean ... trent she smile , baby . mike I can not believe what a asshole you be . trent do she , or do she not smile . mike she be smile at what a asshole you be . trent she be smile at how money I be , baby . mike let 's go . I be not pay for a room , and if we do not leave now we will never make it . trent leave ? the honey - baby 's bring we some cocktail . mike what be you , nut ? you think she 's come back ? trent I know she 's come back . mike I do not think so . trent baby , do you hear she ? " you should not leave without get something for free . " she want to party , baby . mike you think so ? trent you gotta give tee one thing . he 's good with the lady . mike I be too tired for this . let 's just go . trent baby , this be what we come for . we meet a beautiful baby and she like you . mike she like you . trent whatever . we will see . daddy 's gonna get she to bring a friend . we will both get one . I do not care if I be with she or one of she beautiful baby friend . mike I do not know ... trent you gotta get that girl out of you head . it 's time to move on . you be a stylish , successful , good look cat . the lady want to love you , you just gotta let they . mike that 's bullshit . trent it 's not . you be money . any of this lady would be lucky to pull a cat like you . mike it 's just that I have be out of the game so long . trent , I be with she for six year . that 's before aids . I be scared . I do not know how to talk to they , I do not know ... trent you can not think like that , baby . it 's hard , I know . I have be there . not for six year , but I know . you just gotta get back out there . mike it 's just tough , after sleep with someone you love for so long , to be with someone new ... who do not know what I like ... and you gotta wear a jimmy ... trent ... gotta ... mike ... and then I be struggle to impress some chick who 's not half as classy as my girlfriend , who I be not even really attract to ... trent oh fuck that . you do not have to try and impress anyone . you think I give a shit ? you think I sweat that skanky whore waitress ... tee be interrupt by the waitress who , thank God , barely miss he comment . trent ( recover , look at watch ) ... one fifty - nine , two minute . waitress two vodka martinis , straight up , shake not stir , very dry , easy on the water . trent beautiful . what time be you off ... ( read nameplate ) ... christy ? waitress six . Mike can not believe it . tee be just make it happen . trent call a friend and have she meet the three of we at the landlubber Lounge at 6:01 . ( trent throw the half - dollar on she tray ) smash CUT to : 15 int . treasure island casino - coffee shop - same night 15 trent and Mike be look at menus . they be smoking at the table because the can . mike that be so fuckin ' money . it be like that " jedi mind " shit . trent that 's what I be tell you , baby . the baby love that stuff . they do not want all that sensitive shit . you start talk to they about puppy dog and ice cream . they know what you want . what do you think ? you think they do not ? mike I know . I know . trent they know what you want , believe I . pretend be just a waste of time . you be gonna take they there eventually anyway . do not apologize for it . mike I be just try to be a gentleman , show some respect ... trent respect , my ass . they respect honesty . you see how they dress when they go out ? they want to be notice . you be just show they it 's work . you gotta get off this respect kick , baby . there aint nothing wrong with let they now that you be money and that you want to party . the coffee shop waitress approach the table . she 's cute , but not nearly as hot as christy . waitress be you ready to order ? mike coffee ... ( point to trent , who nod ) two coffee . it say " Breakfast any time " , right ? waitress that 's right . mike I will have " pancake in the Age of enlightenment " . it go over like a lead balloon . waitress and you ? trent I will have the blackbeard over easy . waitress I will be back with the coffee . she take the menus and go . trent ( genuinely ) Nice , baby . mike I should have say Renaissance , right ? it go over she head . trent baby , you do fine . mike ( disgust with himself ) " Age of enlightenment " . shit . like some waitress in a Las Vegas coffee shop be go to get a obscure french philosophical reference . how demean . I may as well have just say " let I jump you ignorant bone . " ... trent ... baby ... mike ... it 's just , I think " Renaissance " be too excaliber , it 's the wrong casino . she would have get it , though ... trent you do fine . do not sweat she . we be meeting we honey soon . you know christy 's friend be go to be money . mike I hope so . ( check watch ) we gotta go soon . trent baby , relax . it 's just down the hall . she 's gotta change ... we will be fine . mike we do not do so bad after all . trent baby , we be money . Mike try to catch the attention of they waitress , who be pass with a huge platter contain a breakfast banquet . mike Excuse I . we be in a bit of a hurry . waitress hang on , voltaire . she pass they table and set the entire feast in front of the bluehair from the casino who sit alone . bluehair I say two lox platter . this be not thirty dollar worth of food . I have a thirty dollar voucher . this be not my first time in Vegas , you know . CUT to : 16 int . treasure island casino - landlubber lounge - same night 16 christy be at the bar wear acid -wash jeans with a match denim top . she 's sexy in a pathetic mid-eighty sort of way . she 's sit next to a pretty brunette , lisa , dress in a similar fashion . there be something bizarre about she appearance . her hair be tie into long pig-tail with powder blue ribbon . her makeup job be almost theatrical , with bright pink / red lip . she can not be that out of it , or can she ? the girl have already be flanke by a herd of potential courtier . the swinger saunter up to the girl in a smooth , slow -motion shot . the girl notice they . the courtier sense they rejection and part like the Red Sea for the swinger in perfect slow- motion choreography . christy hi , boy , we almost give up on you . trent oh , be we late ? there be no clock in this town . christy well , no harm do . this be Lisa . I be sorry , I never get you name ... mike I be Mike ... ( with contempt ) and this be my friend " doubledown trent " . trent ( work the bit ) stop . ( then to the girl ) lady , do not you double down on a eleven ? christy always ... lisa no matter what ... like split ace . mike whatever . trent hello , Lisa . I be trent . what a lovely makeup job . christy Lisa work at the mgm Grand ... lisa ( apologetically ) I be a " dorothy " . trent ( try to sell she to Mike ) oh ... a dorothy . mike well ... we be not in Kansas anymore . another lead balloon . uncomfortable silence . christy what do you guy do ? mike I be a comedian . more uncomfortable silence . lisa do you ever perform out here ? I would love to see you . mike no ... lisa you should . a lot of comic play Vegas . mike well , I be afraid it 's not that easy ... lisa why not ? mike there be different circuit ... it 's hard to explain ... you would not understand ... lisa who 's you book agent ? mike ( flustered ) oh ? you know about book agent ... I do not , uh , actually have a west coast agent as of yet ... lisa well , who represent you back east ? mike actually , it 's funny you ... I be actually , uh , between ... lisa what do you do , trent ? trent I be a producer . both girl wow ... oooh ... ahhh ... Mike roll he eye at how full of shit he be . christy listen , I be not really allow to drink here . we should go someplace else . how 's my place ? the swinger exchange a glance . beat . trent & mike sound good to I ... Fine ... sure CUT to : 17 ext . christy's trailer - early morning 17 establish shot of a airstream trailer dig into the desert on chock . trent 's car and two El caminos be park out front . 18 int . christy's trailer - same 18 the foursome , now somewhat more intimate , sit huddle around the fold - out table . they have be drink whiskey and long - neck bud , judge by the recyclable . the pairing seem to be trent / christy , Mike / Lisa . the cramped compartment be fill with secondary smoke and laughter . trent no ... no ... the worst be when I go in for this after -school special and I be sit in the wait room with all this little kid . I see they be all sign in for the same role as I ... christy they be audition for the same role as you ? trent wait ... wait ... listen ... so , I check the time and place . I be where I be suppose to be . I call my agent ... she say they ask for I specifically ... mike what be the part ? trent oh ... " I love you ... I can not believe you be do this ... drug be bad ... " whatever . after - School bullshit . the role be brother . mike " Big brother " , " Little brother " ? trent wait ... wait ... just " brother " . so I go in . " hello ... hi ... we love you guest spot on baywatch ... blah blah blah ... " whatever . so , I start to read , and , mikey , I be money . I prepare for a week . it 's a star role . I be cry ... the casting director , she start cry ... mike no ! trent yes ! lisa oh my God . christy do you get it ? trent wait ... she 's cry . I finish . I hold up my finger like " wait a second " . they sit in silence for , like , at least five minute . I look up and they all start clap , and now they be all cry . even the camera guy . mike no ! not the camera guy ! trent I be tell you ! lisa so what happen ? trent so , I swear to God this be exactly what he say . the producer say to I ... now he 's still cry ... he say to I that I be great , that that be exactly what they be look for ... mike ... so give I the fuckin part ... trent right ? ... that I nail it ... whatever . then he say it 's just that I be a little old . I be like " how old be the brother ? " . he 's like , he say this with a straight face , I swear to God , he say " eleven . " mike so , what would you say to he ? " double down . " ? they all crack up even more . trent it 's like , you look at my tape . you see my picture . why do you call I in ? you know I be twenty - four . christy what a asshole . mike I believe it . the room die down . the girl settle into the arm of they man . there 's a lot of body language and pheromone , but not a lot of word . christy how rude of I . I have not give you the tour . she get up and lead trent into the sleep compartment to the rear . the door slap shut . Mike and Lisa , in all she make - up glory , look into each other eye . CUT to : 19 int . christy's trailer - sleeping compartment - same 19 trent be already at work . he 's smooth . a cascade of stuff animal tumble off the bed with every thrust . clothes start to peel off . trent take a breather . he take a step to the door . trent let I just check on my boy . christy do not worry . he 's in good hand . trent crack the door and peer through . the light be dim , but he can make out that they be start to neck . he close the door , satisfied . christy ( coyly ) what a good friend . I can use a friend like you . ( she beckon he back to bed ) CUT to : 20 int . christy's trailer - front room - same 20 what seem like neck be actually Lisa and Mike huddle tight have a intimate conversation . lisa ( reassure ) I be sure she will call . six year be a long time . you do not just break it off cleanly after six year . mike I know , but she do . she 's with someone else now ... lisa already ? you poor thing . it will not last . mike why not ? lisa it 's a rebound . mike we be a rebound , and we last six year . lisa yeah , but how long be the relationship she be rebound from ? mike six year . beat . mike can I check my message ? I have a call card . lisa sure , I guess . the phone 's in the back . Mike get up and approach the door . mike sorry , it 's just that ... lisa I understand . Mike lightly knock on the door . mike trent ... ( knock knock ) tee . the door crack . mike sorry , man , I need ... trent poke a condom through the door . mike no , man . I need to use the phone . trent what ? mike I gotta use the phone . trent baby , you will check they tomorrow . mike please , tee . I have to use the phone . sorry , man . trent hold on . the door close . mike ( to Lisa ) I hope I be not interrupt anything . they be not in there that long . Lisa reassuringly shake she head . beat . christy walk out wear only trent 's sharkskin jacket as a robe . trent follow with a towel wrap around he waist . trent glare at Mike as they pass . dagger . mike ( apologize to christy as she exit ) I have get a call card , there 's no charge to you phone . CUT to : 21 int . christy's trailer - sleeping compartment - same 21 Mike dial . back to : 22 int . christy's trailer - front room - same 22 half naked trent and christy sit with fully clothed Lisa . christy ( to Lisa ) the poor thing . six year ? lisa ... and she 's with someone else . christy the poor thing . I will make some coffee . trent be not happy . back to : 23 int . christy's trailer - sleeping compartment - same 23 Mike be on the phone . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) she do not call . disappointment pull at Mike 's brow . back to : 24 int . christy's trailer - front room - same 24 the girl clean up the bottle and ashtray . the coffee be brewing . the shade be up . it 's officially morning . trent 's chin be in he hand . he radiate the blue tinge of glandular congestion . he will have no part of any of this . christy he 's so sweet . he really say that ? lisa I believe it too . he really just want she to be happy . christy he be so sweet . Mike enter . the girl immediately stop they chatter and look at he in anticipation . Mike shake he head " no " . the girl walk to embrace he in consolation . both girl awwww . trent just shake he head . he will have no part of any of this . CUT to : 25 ext . desert road - day 25 establish whot of trent 's car head back to L.A. on the northbound I - 15 . the speed car be dwarf by the expansive badland . 26 ext . trent's car - desert road - same 26 mike she ask I what I be think about ? what should I have do ? lie ? trent you do not have to get into it , baby . mike sorry about interrupt ... trent do not worry about I , baby . I just want you to have a good time . mike christy be nice ... trent I do not even like she , to be honest . mike she be hot . trent she really do not do it for I , baby . how would you like dorothy ? mike I do not know . the whole Judy garland thing kind of turn I on . do that make I some kind of fag ? trent no , baby . you be money . mike she do not like I , anyway . trent she think you be money . mike I do not think so . trent I hear they talk . they both think you be money . mike yeah , a good friend . trent baby , you take yourself out of the game . you start talk about puppy dog and ice cream , of course it 's gonna be on the friend tip . mike I just do not think she like I in that way . trent baby , you be so money you do not even know it . mike tee , girl do not go for I the way they go for you . trent Michelle go for you , right . mike that be different . trent how ? mike I be young ... it be college . you do not go to college , you do not know what it 's like . you screw chick you have no business be with . they be young , they do not know any better . trent that 's just plain silly . you self - esteem be just low because she 's with someone else . but think about it and talk about it all the time be bad . it 's no good , man . you gotta get out there . the lady want to love you , baby . mike I just need some time ... trent why ? so you can beat yourself up ? sitting around in that stuffy apartment . it 's just plain bad for you , man . it 's depress . you have come so far . remember the first week ? after she tell you ? you could not even eat . mike do not remind I . trent you just sit around drink orange juice . now look at you . look how far you have come in just a few month . you get that part in that movie ... mike ... a day ... trent ... whatever . it 's work . you be do what you love . what 's she do ? mike selling scrap metal . trent ( smile ) see ? and what do this guy she 's with do ? mike he drive a carriage . trent what ?!? mike ( smile ) I hear he drive a carriage around Central Park or something . trent please . and you be sweat he ? you be " all that " and you be sweat some lawn jockey ? mike I hear she 's get real fat . trent baby , she 's the one who should be think about you . sound to I like you cut loose some dead weight . trust I , mikey , you be better off . trent crank some Frank . " you make I feel so Young " . Mike be finally , genuinely , smile . he turn down the music enough to talk . mike I be gonna try . I be really gonna try . trent just smile and crank Frank back up 27 ext . desert road - same 27 trent 's car drive off into the distance . a sign read : " Los Angeles - 270 mile " . dissolve to : 28 ext . pitch and putt golf course - los feliz - day 28 establish shot of mike and rob tee off with nine iron . Rob wear a Yale sweatshirt . Mike wear one from queen College . a Met cap shade he eye . neither have shave and , odd be , neither shower . they each carry a loose nine blade and putter as they wander to they lie . rob I do not think I be gonna take it . mike I 's a gig . rob I mean , I need the money . mike you be a actor . find the Zen in the role . rob it 's definitely a step back for I . mike look , there 's not much of a call for Shakespeare in this town . rob there 's just something about be " goofy " . any other Disney character would be fine . there 's just this stigma associate with the character . mike what do you want ? you be tall . rob do you realize how hard it 's go to be to tell my parent ? I still have not tell they I do not get the pilot . mike you test over a month ago . I be sure they figure it out by now . rob it 's like " hi , Mom . I be not go to be star in that sit-com and , oh by the way , I be goofy . send more money . " they split up and both over - chip the green miserably . CUT to : 29 ext . putting GREEN - pitch and putt golf course - same 29 Mike and Rob putt . mike have not you notice I do not mention Michelle once today ? rob I do not want to say anything . mike why ? rob I do not know . it 's like not talk to a pitcher in the midst of a no hitter . mike what ? like , you do not want to jinx it ? rob kinda . mike I do not talk about she that much . rob oh no ? mike I do not mention she once today . rob well , until now . tend the pin . Mike pull out the flag for Rob 's putt . he miss . mike the only reason I mention she at all be to say that I be not go to talk about she anymore . I think you would appreciate that . rob I do . good for you , man . mike I have decide to get out there . ( be : the ball ) go ahead . play it out . Rob putt the " gimme " . he miss by a inch . mike I be not make any more excuse for myself . Rob tap it in . he tend the pin or Mike , who miss . rob good to hear , mikey . Mike putt again , and miss . mike you want to hit the town tonight ? rob I should not , Mike , it 's a weeknight . mike what do you have ? a Pluto call back ? rob sure . kick I when I be down . Mike plunk it in . mike Count them up . the two of they count and recount as they revisualize each shot in they head . throughout the process they count under they breath and point to different part of the fairway and green . the two of they revolve , point , and mumble for a absurdly long amount of time until finally ... rob how many stroke ? mike I do not know . eight or nine . rob I will give you a eight . ( write score ) mike what would you get ? rob a eight . mike look like we be in a dead heat after one hole . this be turn into quite a rivalry . Rob point to the far-off crowd of a dozen irate golfers wait to tee off . rob you better replace the pin , chi -chi . the native look restless . CUT to : 30 int . sue' apartment - hollywood boulevard - evening 30 first of all , sue be a guy , and a tough guy at that . he be wear a L.A. king home jersey . his sweater bear the sacred number " 99 " . Sue be loung in front of the tv in army surplus khaki cutoff and untied Doc Martin boot . Sue brushes back a shock of straight , greasy , dirty blonde hair as not to obscure he view of the screen . his face glow with the reflection of the sega hockey game on the set . Sue and trent be lock in a heavily contest battle of motor reflex . nothing move but they eye , thumb , and mouth ... sue bitch ... you little bitch ! trent chelios to roenick ...! mike look on . he be more captivate with the simulate sport event than the clipper game on the tv across the room . electric guitar blaze over the stereo . the room , like the guy , could use a spring clean . pizza box , beer bottle , and full , full ashtray . you can taste the smoke . sue you little bitch ! mike hey Sue . gretsky 's on he ass again . trent because he 's a bitch . sue that 's so bullshit . this be so bullshit . mike you should play another team . the king be bitch in this game . sue hey , man . I take the king to the Cup . trent ... against the computer . sue they be a finesse team ... trent they be a bitch team ... score ! roenick ! sue fuck !!! that be so bullshit ! mike give it up , Sue . the phone ring . Sue pick it up and balance it on he shoulder as he play . sue hello ? ( be : game ) shit ! ( back to phone ) yeah . the elevator do not work . ( he let the phone drop . then to Mike ) it 's pink dot. buzz he in - hit nine . Mike pick up the phone off the matte shag carpet . he push " 9 " , listen , then hang up . trent I wish the game still have fight so I could bitch - slap Wayne . mike this version do not have fight ? trent no. do not that suck ? mike what ? that be the best part of the old game . sue I do not know . I guess kid be hit each other or something . trent you could make they head bleed , though . sue yeah ... if you hit they hard they head bleed all over the ice and they leg convulse . mike no . trent yeah . sue it 's kinda money , actually . mike make someone bleed . sue no , man , we be in the play-off . trent I will make gretsky bleed , the little bitch . the delivery man knock on the door . sue pause it . ( trent pause the game ) mike give I the money . I will get it . while Sue give Mike the money , trent unpause the game and check gretsky into the board , leave he writhe in a pool of red pixel . sue you bitch ! Sue dive onto trent . they wrestle a little too rambunctiously for indoors . trent pull the hockey sweater over Sue 's head and start wail on he back . Mike cross . the camera follow he down a shallow hallway to the door . he unlock it . a delivery man of eastern- hemispheric decent be out of breath from four flight of stair . he hand Mike a twelve - pack of Bud can and three pack of marlboro red . he can hear , but not see , the chaos ensue in the live room . CUT to : 31 int . sue' live room - continuous 31 trent and Sue be flushed . they pause long enough to torment Mike . trent ( feign homosexuality ) be he cute ? ask he if he want to stay for a cocktail ! sue ( follow suit ) ... be he brown ? back to : 32 int . sue' doorway - continuous 32 Mike force a apologetic smile . he be embarrassed . the delivery man do not seem to understand any of this . Mike , out of guilt , hand he a four dollar tip . this he seem to understand . he smile and leave . Mike cross back to the main room . mike you guy be such asshole . trent ( continue the gag ) aww ... he get away ? sue ( untangle himself from trent ) gimme my red . I have be jonese for a hour . Mike throw he a pack of smoke , which he unravel with surgical precision . can of beer be toss around and crack . mike what time 's this party tonight ? trent it start at eight ... sue ... which mean no one will get there ' till ten . mike so , what ? eleven ? trent & sue Midnight . mike I be gonna bring and old friend who just move out here . trent who ? Rob ? mike yeah . you meet he once . trent ( approvingly ) yeah . he 's a " rounder " . sue what 's he do ? mike he 's try to be a actor . trent what a surprise ... sue ... how novel . CUT to : 33 ext . dark alley - off of hollywood blvd . - seedy - night 33 mike and rob walk down the dirty desert alleyway . Mike be wear baggy slack , Doc Martin shoe , and a oversize eisenhower - cut jacket with a vertical stripe inset . the collar be large and pointy , but definitely not seventies . his ensemble have more of a early sixty vibe . Rob have not be at it quite as long . he 's wear wear - in levies over wear - in boot and , the ninety standby , a untucked flannel . Mike walk with purpose . he intermittently try to pull open lock steel door along the alley . Rob look confuse . rob so , if the party start at eight , why be we first go to a bar at ten ? mike to get a drink before we meet the guy for a bite at eleven . rob oh. ( beat ) where be this place ? mike ( pull handle ) it 's one of this . for some reason , cool bar in L.A. have to be very hard to find and have no sign out front . rob that do not sound too good for business . mike ( pull ) it 's kinda like a speakeasy kind of thing . it 's kinda cool . it 's like you be in on some kind of secret . you tell a chick you have be some place , it 's like brag that you know how to find it . the only way you could know where a place be be if someone who know bring you there . you have to have someone come before . there be a direct line connect you back to the original , unequivocally cool , club patron . it 's kinda like Judaism ... rob sound more like aids ... mike ... that 's probably a more appropriate analogy . at this point they come upon a unmark black metal door , which Mike successfully pull open to reveal ... 34 int . " the room " - hollywood bar - same 34 a smoke - fill , windowless , black - wall room . there be several round padded booth lining the wall . the place be pack , and the funk standard " Brick House " throbs over the p.a.. a handheld shot as the two guy serpentine to the mirrore bar at the far end of the room . enshrine in its center be a frame photograph of sinatra smile in approval as he preside over the evening 's activity . Mike proudly point out the photo to rob. mike kinda money , huh ? rob ( smile ) classy . Mike catch the attention of a cute female bartender . mike I will get a dewar rock ... ( look to Rob ) rob bud. mike ... a dewar on the rock and a Bud , please . she go . rob I can not get over how cute the girl in this city be . mike I know . it 's like the opposite of inbreed . the hot one percent from around the world migrate to this gene pool . rob darwinism at its best . mike I have be around here six month and I still can not get over it . rob it 's like , every day I see a beautiful woman . I be not use to that . I be use to see a beautiful woman , I do not know , once a week . I can not handle it . mike wait till summer . I swear , you can not leave the house . it hurt . it physically hurt . rob I can not wait till I actually get to touch one of they . mike ah , there 's the rub ... rob there 's the rub . the bartender serve they they drink . charle ( o.s. ) whassup mikey ? Mike turn to see charle . a young black man with a tight dolomite for . he wear a black leather blazer over a black turtleneck . just look up " cool " in the dictionary . a handshake turn into a hug . mike Charles ! what 's up , man ? charle oh . you know . mike do you , um , do you get that pilot ? charle no , man . I know you do not get it ' cause you would not have ask I . it be not that funny anyway ... mike ... piece of shit . listen , Charles , this be my friend Rob from back East . shake . charle hi. rob my pleasure . mike Charles and I go to network on this pilot together . rob I just test for one ... mike ... yeah , a month ago . charle oh , I be sorry . how would you folk take it ? rob I have not hear a official " no " yet . charle you have not tell then , huh ? rob no . charle I still have not tell my folk I do not get " deepspace 9 " . you would think they would ' a figure it out by now , but Mom keep ask ... mike ... and boy do it hurt when they ask . charle I do not even tell they about anything I be close on anymore ... mike ... not until you book it ... charle ... and even then ... mike ... you might get cut out . rob I be consider take a job as a " goofy " . charle hey , man . at least it 's Disney . mike you want to come with we to a party at the chateau marmont ? they get a bungalow and lot of beautiful baby . charle ( yell over the roar of the wall to wall crowd ) why not ? this place be dead anyway . CUT to : 35 int . " swinger diner " - beverly blvd . - later that night 35 mike , trent , sue , charle , and rob sit around the round scotch - plaid corner booth of the retro-hip coffee shop . all of we boy , with the exception of Rob , be classily dress . they wear a lot of black , brown , and gray with a splash of gold and maroon . the camera revolve around the table in a repeat " reservoir dog " style over the shoulder 360 degree pan . trent ... no , baby . I get a better one . you gotta admit the steadycam shot in " goodfella " be the money ... rob ... through the basement of that restaurant ... mike ... the copa , in New York ... trent ... through the kitchen ... charle ... I hear it take four day to light for that shot ... rob ... four day ..? sue ... I do not know about four day ... charle ... that 's what I hear ... mike ... maybe . I mean you gotta hide all the light ... trent ... it look money . sue ... not as money as the shot from reservoir dog ... rob ... which one ? sue ... in the beginning . when they be walk in slow motion ... mike ... how can you compare they ? tarantino totally bite everything from scorsese ... sue ... he 's derivative ... trent ... you gotta admit , it look money ... charle .... I hear they make that whole movie for ten grand ... rob ... what 's the big deal ? everyone steal from everyone . mike ( check he watch ) well , let 's hit that party . CUT to : 36 ext . sunset boulevard - headlight and neon - night 36 the five swinger walk down the boulevard in a slo -mo shot which be extremely " derivative " of the " reservoir dog " credit sequence . the scene be choreograph to bennett 's big band arrangement of " o sole mio " . CUT to : 37 ext . chateau marmont bungalow - outside the party - midnight 37 muffled music seep through the door . the swinger turn the knob and enter ... 38 int . the party - chateau marmont bungalow - same 38 the huge sink live room be pack with people congeal into circle of conversation and sip cocktail . everything stop when they enter . the music , the conversation , all movement , everything . everyone in the room stare at they stand in the doorway . beat . the music start back up and everyone return to they conversation . the swinger weave they way through the crowd to ... 39 int . the bar area - the bungalow kitchen - same 39 the swinger fix themselves drink from a assortment of bottle clutter the table . the shamelessly paw at the top shelf brand . mike who throw this party , anyway ? sue damned if I know ... trent ... beat I ... charle ... I come with you . with that , the three of they peel off to work the room . rob what 's that guy 's name ? Sue ? mike Sue . his dad be big johnny Cash fan . rob oh , like that song ... mike ... " a Boy name Sue " . I think that 's why he 's such a bad cat . rob him ? mike he 's a mean dude . I have see he smash a guy 's face into the curb . he knock out he tooth ... blood ... he be just like boom , boom , boom ... fuckin nasty shit , man . he 's a nice guy though . CUT to : 40 int . live room - bungalow - same 40 trent and Sue be scout some lady across the room . one wear a funky oversize hat . intermittent eye contact have be establish . trent oh , it 's on , baby ... sue ... it 's on . back to : 41 int . live room - bungalow - same 41 Mike and Rob have come back into the room . they scout the terrain . mike there be so many beautiful woman here . rob it 's unbelievable . mike I get to at least try once . rob you be a better man than I be , Charlie Brown . mike no , I just promise myself I would give it a try . I gotta get out there sooner or later . rob go for it , man . Mike spot a pair of beautiful blond in black . they be wear stretch bell - bottom and top that expose they mid- drift . the seventies never look so good . mike ( indicate the lady ) I be go in . will you be my wing - man ? rob I will be you winger . they make the approach . with a great deal of effort , Mike catch they attention ... mike good evening , lady ... ... only to be interrupt by the party stopping to check another entrance . beat . the party resume and the blond redirect they attention to Mike . he be a little put - off but , God love he , he get back in there . mike how be you lady do this evening ? blonde what do you drive ? mike I be sorry ? blonde what kind of car do you drive ? mike oh ... a cavalier . the blond immediately enter back into they conversation as if they be never approach . Mike and Rob exchange defeat glance . one more try . mike ... it 's red ? CUT to : 42 int . live room - bungalow - continuous 42 trent and Sue be try to look like they be not pay attention to the group of lady they see across the room . trent be she look at I , baby ? sue no . trent now ? sue no . trent be she look now ? sue no ! she 's not look at you . she have not look at you once . will you stop ask if ... wait , she just look . trent see , baby ? Mike and Rob walk up to trent and Sue . mike how you guy do ? trent it 's on . mike which one ? trent ( indicate the group of girl with a subtle head move ) minnie Pearl . Mike and Rob stare directly at the girl like a deer in the headlight ... a big no - no . mike the one in the hat ? she 's cute . trent and Sue react with frustrated disappointment . trent what be you do ? mike what ? trent you look right at she , baby . mike she do not notice . sue yes she do . trent damn . now I gotta go in early . mike I be sorry . trent do not sweat it , baby . this one 's a lay - up . trent cross away . sue how 's it go for you two ? mike not well . sue rejected ? rob shaqe . Mike 's p.o.v. of trent pass near and the girl in the hat . he say something , smile , and point to she hat . she laugh . sue well , just watch the t-bone and learn . CUT to : 43 int . live room - trent's conversation - continuous 43 trent be have a sensitive one - on - one with the girl in the hat . girl in hat ... I have always want to be a actress , at least as long as I could remember . I go to ... under trent 's affirmative response we hear the first haunt tuba pulse of the jaw theme : trent ( nodd in agreement ) uhhhh ... huuuhhh . CUT to : close up of mike' face as he look on in horrified awe from afar . back to : 44 int . live room - trent's conversation - continuous 44 girl with cigar ... then one day after class my drama teacher , the one who direct the play , say he think I should ... the second tuba pulse accompany trent 's sound of agreement : trent uhhh ... huuhh . back to : extreme close up of mike' horrified eye . back to : 45 int . live room - trent's conversation - continuous 45 girl with cigar ... I meet with a agent last week and I be wait to hear ... the third , and progressively faster , tuba pulse sound under trent 's response as the jaw theme begin to speed up and fill out : trent uh- huh , uh- huh , uh- huh , uh-huh ... CUT to : Mike , Rob , and Sue look on . sue here come the kill ... match CUT to : the group 's p.o.v. of the conversation . the jaw theme reach its violent crescendo as the girl look into she purse . trent wink to the boy . smooth . she come up with a pen and write we she phone number . trent cross back as the music die away . use he body as a shield so the girl can not see , but so he boy can , he rip up and drop the number as he approach they . trent be I money ? mike I do not know . it be kind of a dick move if you ask I . trent why , baby ? what would I do wrong ? mike you ask she for she number , and then you tore it up . trent she do not see . mike that do not matter . sue that be pretty cold , dude . trent what be cold about it ? the door open . the party pause to look , then resume . trent she offer I she number . what should I have say ? " no " ? that would have hurt she feeling . this way she feel like the winner . trent smile and wave to she across the room . she coyly wave back and make a " phone sign " with she hand . trent nod and smile . trent tee can not roll with that , she 's " business class " . rob " Business class " ? sue ( explain to Rob ) Big butt ... you know , can not fly coach . mike I can not believe you . Charles approach the crew . charle they be out of glenlivet . mike what else be go on ? trent we could hit the dresden . overhead long shot of the swinger entrench in the crowded party . sue yeah . this place be dead , anyway . CUT to : 46 ext . sunset boulevard - outside the chateau marmont - night 46 the swinger have leave the party and be head to they car . they be all park in a row , one behind the other . they each climb behind the wheel of they own car . they pull out in unison . they travel like a train with they bumper almost touching . CUT to : 47 ext . hollywood street - night 47 shot of the car - train drive and make turn . " o sole mio " reprise . dissolve to : 48 ext . the dresden - vermont ave . - hollywood - night 48 the car-train break up to nose - in park behind the bar . they all " club " they steering wheel . CUT to : 49 int . " the dresden room " - same 49 the swinger lounge in a booth against the cork - panele wall , sip cocktail . they watch marty and elayne , the resident lounge act , perform a jazz fusion cover of " stay alive " on synth and upright bass . the seventies be alive and well here , but they be start to yellow around the edge ... the room be busy , but not pack . the swinger have all have a few . charle I know what you be say , man . I do not know what to tell you ... rob ... I mean , do it have to be " goofy " ? I be play hamlet off - Broadway two month ago , for cry out loud ... trent and Sue be involved in a different conversation . they be observe two hot girl at another cocktail table . the girl be wear short plaid skirt with black stocking pull up to midthigh . it 's the " catholic-school - girl - go - bad " look . the girl be a little too touchy - feely with each other , suggest a certain sexual open-mindedness . trent it 's on . sue you think ? trent baby , I know it be . it 's a black diamond trail ... sue ... double diamond ... trent ... but it 's worth the risk . true or false : it 's worth the risk . sue true . as they get up to leave ... mike God bless you guy . they cross to the lady . Mike 's p.o.v. the girl seem at first cold , the receptive . trent and Sue join they table and share some laugh . Mike half - heartedly look on . he be obviously not happy with where he stand on the bell - curve of masculinity . Mike , look for any kind of escape , cross to the bar . CUT to : 50 int . bar - dresden room - same 50 Mike unsuccessfully try to catch the attention of the middle age bartender . mike ( to himself ) I can not even get this guy to notice I ... a cute blonde sit at the bar chuckle at he comment . Mike be at first self - conscious , then push ahead . mike you like laugh at the misery of other ? blonde I be sorry , I could not help it . let I make it up to you . she raise she finger and the bartender immediately approach . bartender what can I get you ? mike I will have a dewar on the rock . he go to fix it . mike thanks . blonde I have see you somewhere ... where have I see you ? mike you ever go to the kelbo 's ? on pico ? blonde ... maybe ... mike ... Monday night ? I host a open mike ... blonde you be a comedian ? mike yeah . blonde what 's that like ? mike ( try to bluff , not a ounce of sarcasm ) well , you know , it 's tough . a lot of travel . a lot of hotel ... but , you know , it 's a dream ... and the money 's really good . I think I might buy another really expensive import car after my next gig in Vegas ... blonde ( politely interrupt ) I know ! Starbucks ! I serve you a espresso at Starbucks . mike be you sure ? maybe ... blonde yes ! remember ? you ask I for a application ? I introduce you to the manager ? mike ( try to pull out of the dive ) oh , yeah ... Boy , that must have be a while ago . blonde I would say about two week . mike probably a little longer than that , but , whatever . blonde ( smile at he ) you better pay the man . Mike notice the bartender , who have be wait patiently with the drink . mike ( fumble with the money ) oh ... sorry . she chuckle . he pay and throw down a two - dollar tip apologetically . mike ( tactical retreat ) well , thank you ...? blonde nikki . mike thank you , nikki . he walk away kick himself . he be interrupt by trent and Sue , who both hold up cocktail napkin with scribbles . trent we get the digit , baby . mike what a surprise . trent what 's wrong ? I see you talk to that beautiful blonde baby . sue she be cute . mike she do not like I ... I make a fool of myself ... trent baby , do not talk that way , baby ... sue you be so money , and you do not even know it ... trent that 's what I keep try to tell he . ( to Mike ) you be so money , you do not even know ... mike please , do not mess with I right now ... trent we be not mess with you ... sue ... we be not ... trent you be like this big beer with claw and fang ... sue ... and big fuckin ' tooth ... trent ... and tooth ... and she 's like this little bunny cower in the corner ... sue ... shiver ... trent ... and you be just look at you claw like " how do I kill this bunny ? " ... sue ... you be just poke at it ... trent ... yeah . you be just gently bat it around ... and the rabbit 's all scared ... sue ... and you get big claw and fang ... trent ... and fang ... and you be like " I do not know what to do . how do I kill this bunny ? " ... sue ... you be like a big bear . beat . Mike smile . mike you be not just , like , fuck with I ? trent no , baby ! sue ... honestly ... trent ... you be money ... sue ... you be so fuckin mmmoney . trent now go over there and get that digit . sue you be money . trent ( pull he aside , dead serious ) now when you talk to she , I do not want you to be the guy in the pg - 13 movie that everyone 's pull for . I want you to be the guy in the rate R movie who you be not sure if you like . Mike nod and , energize by the bombardment , cross back to the bar and right into the fray . trent and Sue rejoin the other swinger . swinger 's p.o.v. of Mike decisively engage she in conversation . she laugh . out come the pen and the cocktail napkin . bingo . Mike cross back to the swinger ' table and , use he body to shield nikki 's view , pretend to rip the napkin . this break the guy up . Mike sit down and , after admire the blotchy numeral , delicately fold the napkin and pocket it . trent see , baby . it 's not that hard . charle 818 ? mike 310 . everyone react favorably to this area code . mike how long do I wait to call ? trent a day . mike tomorrow ? trent no ... sue ... tomorrow , then a day . trent ... yeah . mike so , two day ? trent yeah . I guess you could call it that . sue definitely . two day . that 's the industry standard ... trent ( to sue. shop talk ) ... I use to wait two day . now everyone wait two day . Three day be kinda money now , do not you think ? sue ... yeah . but two 's enough not to look anxious ... trent yeah , but three day be kinda the money ... mike ( interrupt sarcastically ) why do not I just wait three week and tell she I be clean out my wallet and find she number ... charle ... then ask where you meet she ... mike yeah , I will tell she I do not remember and then I will ask what she look like . ( pause ) then I will ask if we fuck . how 's that , tee ? be that " the money " ? the guy laugh . trent laugh all you want , but if you call to soon you can scare off a nice baby who 's ready to party . sue do not listen to he . you call whenever it feel right to you . mike how long be you guy gonna wait to call you honey ? trent & sue six day . CUT to : 51 ext . the dresden - parking lot - out back - night 51 the swinger be leave through the back door . the doorway be congest with another group of guy who be enter . a bald guy with a goatee brushes by Sue . sue watch where you be go , asshole . bald guy what would you say , bitch ? sue I say watch where you be go , bitch ! that 's it . now they be squaring off in the empty parking lot . all the bald guy 's boy fall in behind he . all the swinger fall in behind Sue . the swinger be not happy with Sue at all . the two clique contrast each other in every way . the bald guy all have facial hair and multiple pierce extremity with the odd neck -tattoo throw in for good measure . baggy denim and boot . pot leave and pumas . Long , heavy key chain . vintage 1994 whiteboy faux - gansta . they do , however , look big and mean next to we boy . the early sixty style sweater jacket and blazer over button down shirt and taper slack do not quite have the same fear factor , but the boy do look classy . the word " bitch " be growle out by the two of they a half dozen more time until ... Sue pull a pistol out of he belt . everyone be scare . especially the swinger . sue now what , bitch ? now who 's the bitch , bitch ? the bald guy hold up there hand and slowly back up to they ride . bald guy hey , man . I be the bitch . I be you bitch , okay ? we be just gonna leave . okay ? I be the bitch . I be such a bitch , I can not even begin to tell you ... they jump in the car and speed away . Sue belt the gun and stand tall like clint . trent what the fuck ..? mike what a asshole . do not you see " boy in the Hood " ? now one of we be gonna get shot . sue he 's a bitch . he be not gonna do nothing . mike you asshole . trent you dick . sue what would you want I to do ? back down ? he call I a bitch . we keep we rep . charle fuck rep , I have get a callback tomorrow . Charles leave . rob yeah , I gotta be up early tomorrow . Rob leave , shake up . mike you asshole . why be you carry a gun ? what ? in case someone step to you , snoop dogg ? sue hey , man , you be not from here . you do not know how it be . I grow up in l.a.... trent ... Anaheim ... sue ... whatever . thing be different here . it 's not like New York , mikey . mike yeah . here it 's easier to avoid trouble . it 's not like you like in compton where bullet be whizzing by you head every day . nobody 's mugging you on no subway . in New York the trouble find you . out here you gotta go look for it ... sue ... people get carjack ... trent ... oh , who would jack you fuckin k - car ? he 's right , Sue . you do not need no gat . sue listen . just because I be the only one with the ball to stand up to they ... trent ... oh yeah , like " cypress Hill " be gonna do anything ... mike you live in such a fantasy world ... sue what about you , mikey ? at least I get ball . you be always whining about some bitch who dumped you a year ago ... mike ... it be six month , and she do not dump ... sue ... whatever . you be like a whining little woman . Big deal . you get a fuckin ' number . whoopee ! you will fuck it up ... trent ... Sue ... sue have you get laid once since you move here ? do you fuck once ? trent ... shut up , Sue ... sue I know for a fact you have not , because you never shut up about it . you like a little whiney bitch ... trent Sue ! mike no , trent . he 's right . Mike walk to he car . trent mikey ! it 's too late . he 's leave . Sue start to open he mouth . trent do not even talk to I . ( pause ) you asshole . CUT to : 52 int . mike' apartment - later that night 52 Mike open the door and flick on the light in he sparsely furnish single . he drop he key on the table and make a bee line to the answer machine . he push the button . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) she do not call . Mike collapse into he futon and light a smoke . beat . he pull out the cocktail napkin . he stare at the number . he look at the clock . 2:20 am . he look at the napkin . he think better of it , and put the napkin away . beat . he take out the napkin and pick up the phone . answering machine ( synthesize voice ) do not do it , Mike . mike shut up . he dial . it ring twice , then ... nikki ( record ) hi. this be nikki . leave a message . ( beep ) mike hi , nikki . this be Mike . I meet you tonight at the dresden . I , uh , just call to say I , uh , I be really glad we meet and you should give I a call . so call I tomorrow , or , like , in two day , whatever . my number be 213-555-4679 ... ( beep ) Mike hang up . beat . he dial again . nikki ( record ) hi. this be nikki . leave a message . ( beep ) mike hi , nikki . this be Mike , again . I just call because it sound like you machine might have cut I off before I give you my number , and also to say sorry for call so late , but you be still there when I leave the dresden , so I know I would get you machine . anyway , my number be ... ( beep ) Mike call back right away . nikki ( record ) hi. this be nikki . leave a message . ( beep ) mike 213-555-4679 . that 's all . I just want to leave my number . I do not want you to think I be weird , or desperate or something ... ( he regret say it immediately ) ... I mean , you know , we should just hang out . that 's it . no expectation . just , you know , hang out . bye . ( beep ) he hang up . beat . he dial . nikki ( record ) hi. this be nikki . leave a message . ( beep ) mike I just get out of a six - year relationship . okay ? that should help to explain why I be act so weird . it 's not you . it 's I . I just want to say that . sorry . ( pause ) this be Mike . ( beep ) he dial again . there 's no turn back . nikki ( record ) hi. this be nikki . leave a message . ( beep ) mike hi , nikki . this be Mike again . could you just call I when you get in ? I will be up for awhile , and I would just rather talk to you in person instead of try to squeeze it all ... ( beep ) he dial yet again . nikki ( record ) hi. this be nikki . leave a message . ( beep ) mike hi , nikki . Mike . I do not think this be work out . I think you be great , but maybe we should just take some time off from each other . it 's not you , really . it 's I . it 's only be six month ... nikki ( live , in person . she pick up the line ) Mike ? mike nikki ! great ! do you just walk in , or be you listen all along ? nikki ( calmly ) do not call I ever again . mike wow , I guess you be home ... ( click ) she hang up on he . he 's freeze . he hang up . beat . he pull the comforter off the futon and curl up in the corner of the room . long dissolve to : montage flashback : the follow sequence be m.o.s. over billie holiday 's " maybe you will be there . " 53 int . college classroom - queen college - day 53 younger mike catch he first glimpse of michelle . she do not see he look at she . she be pay attention to the lesson . dissolve to : 54 int . study hall - queen college - day 54 Mike approach Michelle for the first time . she look beautiful when she look up at he for the first time . dissolve to : 55 ext . flushing meadow park - spring afternoon 55 they be have a picnic with white wine , cheese , prosciutto , and french bread . Mike play a ukulele . dissolve to : 56 ext . shea stadium - queen - establishing shot - day 56 CUT to : 57 int . shea stadium stand - same 57 Mike and Michelle sit with a lap full of food . they be laugh about something . Mike lean in for he first deep , passionate kiss . the crowd jump up to cheer a daryl strawberry home run which the lover do not notice . they stay seat , kissing , and be lose to the camera in the crowd . dissolve to : 58 int . mike' bedroom - new york apartment - night 58 they first sexual experience . Mike be obviously nervous as he lie undress under the cover . he sporadically adjust he hair and strike pose as he wait for Michelle to come out of the bathroom . this be intercut with shot of the close bathroom door . dissolve to : 59 ext . new york CITY STREET - in front of " radio CITY " - night 59 Mike and Michelle be Christmas shopping in the snow . it 's like a story book . a newspaper , barely noticeable on stand in b.g. , read " vito corleone fear murdered " dissolve to : 60 int . mike' apartment - new york - night 60 Mike and Michelle lethargically lay across the couch . they half - heartedly watch a rent video as they shovel chinese take - out into they bloat face . dissolve to : 61 int . LA guardia airport - day 61 Mike and Michelle say good bye . they hug and cry . he board a plane for l.a.. fade to : 62 int . mike' apartment - day 62 shot of answer machine . answering machine ( trent 's voice ) ... pick up .... pick up , mikey ... be you home ? he be . he be sit in the same corner , smoking , with a two day beard . he be surround by full ashtray and empty tropicana container . billie holiday 's " maybe you will be there " draw to a close on the C.D. player . answering machine ( trent 's voice ) ... I guess you be not home . why do not you come out tonight , baby . we have not see you for two day . we be gonna play hockey at Sue 's house till ten thirty then we be either go to the lava Lounge for Sinatra night , or the derby for the Royal Crown . we might also check out swing night at the viper . if we be not there we will be at the Three of club . so come meet up with we . we will see you there , gorgeous . ( beep ) dissolve to : 63 int . mike' apartment - night 63 he have not move . the phone ring . he look to the answer machine hopefully as it pick up after one ring . answering machine ( Rob 's voice ) mikey ...? it 's rob. pick up , buddy . his shoulder slack with disappointment . it 's not her . answering machine ( Rob 's voice ) ... I be downstairs . buzz I in . I know you be home . you light be on and you car 's here . come on , buddy . open up ... Mike pick up the phone , push " 9 " , and hang up . he light a cigarette . a knock at the door . Mike open it , and Rob walk in with a brown bag . he survey the scene . he 's see this before . he move some laundry off a armchair and sit down . he pull a pepperoni and a loaf of seminola out of the bag . he hand Mike a pint of orange juice . mike thanks , man . rob no problem , buddy . you eat anything today ? Mike shake he head , " no " . rob yesterday ? Mike shake he head again . rob you have not be drink , have you ? mike no. just O.J. Rob cut into the pepperoni with he swiss army knife . Mike drink he juice . mike sorry about what happen at the dresden . I have no idea ... rob do not sweat it . now I get a L.A. gun story . you should hear the way I tell to the guy back home . he have a uzi. Mike half -smile . beat . rob you want to talk about it ? mike what 's the point ? rob it 's be two day . you should call that girl nikki ... Mike grab he head in pain . mike uuuuugh ! rob oh boy . mike I be such a asshole . rob she be not you type anyway . beat . mike I think I be gonna move back East . rob well , that 's dumb . mike what 's dumb about it ? rob well , you be do so well ... mike how be I do well ? I host a open mike and I play a fuckin ' bus driver in a movie . Big fuckin ' deal . I be with a agency that specialize in fuckin magician . how good be I do ? rob at least you do not get turn down for goofy ... mike they turn you down ? rob they go for someone with more theme park experience . I woulda kill for that job . Mike let it sink in . rob see , it 's all how you look at it . if you life suck , then mine be God awful . I mean , I move out here partially because I see how well you be do . you get in the union , you get a agent . I think if you could make it , maybe I could too ... mike I do not make it ... rob that 's you problem , man . you can not see what you have get , only what you have lose . that guy be right . you be " money " . Mike smile , then ... mike ( start to cry ) then why will not she call ...? rob because you leave , man . she 's get she own world to deal with in New York . she be a sweet girl but fuck she . you gotta move on . you gotta let go of the past . the future be so beautiful . every day be so sunny out here . it 's like manifest destiny man . I mean , we make it . what 's past be prologue . that which do not kill we make we stronger . all that shit . you will get over it . mike how do you get over it ? I mean how long ' till it stop hurt ? rob sometimes be still hurt . you know how it be , man . I mean , each day you think about it less and less . and then one day you wake up and you do not think of it at all , and you almost miss that feel . it 's kinda weird . you miss the pain because it be part of you life for so long . and the , boom , something remind you of she , and you just smile that bittersweet smile . we see that Mike have be gnawing away at Rob 's pepperoni and semolina as he listen intently . mike you miss the pain ? rob ... for the same reason you miss she . you live with it so long . mike wow . ( finish the loaf ) you wanna grab a bite ? rob ( smile ) sure . he help Mike up . rob by the way , the guy back home say she put on some weight . mike ( smile ) you always know the right thing to say . CUT to : 64 int . sue' apartment - outside the door - night 64 trent open the door . he see Mike stand there dress for trouble . his face light up . trent mikey ! guy , mikey 's here ! guy ( o.s. ) ( from the live room ) mikey ! Mike hear the sound of a hotly contest sega match . sue ( o.s. ) bitch ! you little bitch ! the camera follow Mike and trent into the ... 65 int . live room - sue' apartment - night 65 Mike 's jaw drop when he see that Sue have be play hockey against the bald guy from the dresden . bald guy bitch ! you bitch ! the room be fill with the bald guy crew . they greet Mike as they take hit off they forty ouncer . sue trent . take over . they do a high -speed " controller handoff . " Sue cross to Mike . sue I be so sorry , man . you be so right . I get rid of the gun mike what be they do here ? sue we run into they that night at roscoe 's . tee clear it up , I apologize , buy they some chicken and waffle . they fuckin love tee . that boy can talk . all the baldy howl and slap hand at something funny tee say . sue but most important , man , I be sorry about what I say . I be drunk ... my adrenaline be go ... mike do not sweat it , man . I need a kick in the ass . we be better friend for it . sue thanks , man . ( they hug ) I have be hat myself for the last two day . mike believe I , I know what that 's like . ( then to trent ) yo , double down ! what time be we leave ? trent five minute , baby . hey , it 's be two day . you should call nikki and see if she want to meet you there . CUT to : 66 ext . " the derby " - hollywood nightclub - night 66 the three swinger be wave pass the line by the doorman in a scorsese-style steadicam shot which continue up the stair and through a curtain doorway into ... 67 int . " the derby " - hollywood nightclub - night 67 they enter the dome decco lounge and the full house part for they and greet they in perfect scorsese choreography . they pass the billiard table and the circular brass rail bar . the six piece swing band deck out in zoot suit wail on stage as the crowded dance floor whirl . the swinger eventually settle into a dark curtain - off onstage booth . Sue thrust a scotch into Mike 's hand . 68 int . " the derby " - motage - night 68 montage of smoking , drink , and carouse . the parquet floor be pack with swinging hepster dress in Hollywood 's take on forty thread . the dance be full - blow overcrowded slam swing . the floor be full , and everyone be damn good . this definitely aint amateur night . 69 int . bar area - the derby - night 69 Mike step up to the bar to refill he drink . he see a brunette sit at the bar . she 's cute . Real cute . she glow . there 's something fresh about she . she 's dress nice , but different . she definitely be not a regular . she throw Mike a half -smile , then look away . he look away . should he ? he shake he head to himself . no. beat . he look over at she again . Mike 's p.o.v. of a white bunny sit on the bar stool . he smile , shrug , and cross to her . when he get to she she have revert back to human form . mike hi. brunette hi. mike I be Mike . brunette hi , Mike . I be lorraine . mike like the quiche ? brunette ( smile ) yes . like the quiche . mike I like quiche . brunette I think real man do not like quiche . mike my reputation seem to have precede I . brunette why ? you be not a real man ? mike not lately . match CUT to : trent point the conversation out to Sue from across the room . trent and Sue 's p.o.v. of Mike and lorraine have a unforce , enjoyable conversation . trent it 's on ... sue ... it 's on . match CUT to : back in the trench : brunette ... so I think , what the hell , they make movie in L.A. , not in Michigan , so I move here . mike just like that ? brunette well , it be not the simple , but yeah . mike how be it hard ? brunette well , I leave someone very special behind . mike tell I about it ... brunette you too ? mike yeah . brunette ( light up ) I think I be go to die . mike it 's be six month and I be just start to get over it . brunette oh , God . that 's two more than I . tell I it get better . mike ( smile ) it do . brunette how ? mike well , it still suck , but you start to see that there be advantage to be single . brunette ( coyly ) like what ? mike what what ? what advantage ? lorraine you say there be advantage to be single . I want to know what the advantage be . mike ( play along ) well ... you can talk to a beautiful woman at a bar without worry if anyone 's watch you . CUT to : trent and Sue be watch from across the room . trent it 's on . sue ... it 's definitely on . back to : brunette what else ? mike what else ...? let 's see ... you have complete freedom . brunette to do what ? mike I do not know .... to grow , to go out . whatever you want . brunette anything ? mike anything . brunette like if I meet a handsome young man and I want to ask he to dance ? I can do that ? mike uh , if the guy want to . brunette you do not think the guy would find I attractive enough to dance with ? mike yes . I mean , no . I mean , maybe he would find she , I mean you attractive . maybe he do not like to dance . maybe all he like to do be just stand around and drink and smoke and look cool with he buddy who do not dance either ... brunette maybe it do not matter if he 's a good dancer cause it 's a slow song , if that 's what he 's afraid of . mike ( smirk ) no ... maybe that 's not the case . maybe she should not be such a smug little shit because she would be surprised at what a good dancer he really be , but it 's be a long time and he do not know if he 's ready to ... brunette Mike ... she get up . she 's beautiful . she be beautiful . brunette ... will you dance with I ? she 's in great shape , and look how classy she vintage dress look . a vision from the forty . she 's too good for this place . she belong on the nose of a B - 52 . what can he say , but ... mike sure I will . he awkwardly lead she to the unusually empty dance floor . they start to dance . it 's a slow song and they boringly rock back and forth . Mike be self - conscious , but she touch . oh she touch . CUT to : trent and Sue watch in disbelief . sue it be on . trent ... it be so on . back to : the couple 's dance be cut short as there be only a few bar leave of the slow ballad . Mike smile politely in relief and begin to lead lorraine off the floor . she pull he back . he 's not get off that easy . she want a whole song . he politely hold she , poise for another slow number . they be alone on the floor . much to Mike 's dismay , the song begin with a drive tom tom solo . this cue every hep cat in the derby that the big one 's come . they all flood the floor for the last dance of the night . Mike pleadingly shake he head at lorraine . it 's too fast . her eye narrow as she grip tighten . no sympathy here . the band break into the full - tilt swing number and the dance floor writhes around they . they stand motionless for what seem like a eternity . gut check . fuck it . sink or swim . Mike grab she like a man grab a woman . it 's just a simple six - count swing step , but they be in perfect harmony . Mike and lorraine look into each other eye . it 's on , baby . as Mike 's courage grow , the move start to flow . a spin at first . then a double twirl . it 's not long before he 's throw she through combination that stand out even among the pro . CUT to : trent and Sue , mouth agape . back to : Mike be whipping she smoothly through violent - look combination without a trace of hesitation , and , boy , can she follow . the set end with a flourishing crescendo . they be freeze in a final dip , panting through a glaze of clean sweat . Mike and lorraine smile and look into each other 's eye . the smile slowly disappear . will they kiss ? they be close . really close . lip almost touch . Mike try to muster - up the courage , but it 's be so long . he can not do it . he let she up . the floor clear . exhausted dancer push past they . forget it . the moment 's go . what the hell . they have a great time . what 's the hurry ? soft CUT to : 70 ext . LA brea avenue - outside the derby - night 70 Mike be walk lorraine to she car . they come upon a park escort . lorraine well ... this be it . mike listen . I have a great time . lorraine I too . mike I would love to see you again sometime . lorraine I will be around . mike that 's not good enough . I want to make plan to see you . lorraine let I get a pen out of my car . ( open the door ) do you have something to write on ? Mike hand she a business card . lorraine ( look at it ) you be a comedian ? mike yeah . and a actor . lorraine I will have to come see you sometime . mike if and when I get a real gig I will call you . lorraine it 's not go to well ? mike when I live in New York they make it sound like they be give out sit-com to stand - up at the airport . I get off the plane in L.A. six month ago and all I get to show for it be a tan . lorraine do not you tell I to be patient with my career ? mike ... yeah , but entertainment law be not something you just jump into ... lorraine neither be act . not if you be serious about it . ( she write she number on the card . ) can I have one of this ? mike why , you like the duck with the cigar ? ( hand she a card ) lorraine yeah . Nice touch . it 's the logo from " you Bet you life " , right ? mike good eye . not one club owner get it . they all ask I why I get Donald duck on my card . lorraine hey , at least it 's not goofy . beat . lorraine well , I should be get ... mike ... it 's really get late . lorraine ... home . it 's get late . yeah . beat . lorraine can I give you a ride to you car ...? mike ... Nah . I be right across the street ... lorraine ... which one ...? mike ... the red piece of shit over there ... lorraine ... well , it suit you ... mike ... get the hell outta here already ... Mike lean in and slowly give she the sweetest , softest , most innocent kiss . he back up . she 's get that goofy look as she unlock she club and start the car . lorraine bye . she drive off . he watch she go . dissolve to : 71 ext . sunset boulevard - night 71 Mike be drive trent and Sue home in he car . CUT to : 72 int . mike' car - sunset boulevard - same night 72 trent you be off you ass back there ! where the hell do you learn to do all that twirly whirly shit ? mike I take a ballroom class with Michelle . I never dance with anyone but she , till tonight . that lorraine chick be good . trent you be good . do you see how she be vibing you ? sue sorry man . trent yeah . you probably coulda hit that tonight if you do not have to drive we home . sue ... definitely ... mike it 's not like that ... trent do not give I that ! she like you , man . mike I know she like I . I mean , it 's not like I want to do anything with she tonight . sue good for you , man . he 's be smart . mike she 's really special , guy . trent the bear 's get he claw back . sue be smart about it . trent I be tell you . wait three day ... sue you do not have to wait three day ... trent ... okay , two ... sue ... just be smart about it . mike guy ... guy ... I get it under control . trent oh . he 's get it under control ... sue ... well , then , I guess we do not have to worry about he anymore . trent we little baby 's grow up ... trent and sue pretend to cry and hug each other . Mike look at they in the rear view mirror . he smirk and shake he head . mike you guy be such asshole . back to : 73 int . mike' car - sunset boulevard - night 73 trent and Sue scream at the top of they lung as they cruise down sunset . alcohol be a terrible drug . dissolve to : 74 int . mike' apartment - night 74 Mike be stand in the middle of the room look at lorraine's number on the back of the business card . he look at the clock . 2:45 a.m. he look back at the number . beat . he think better of it . he wedge it into a crack in the answer machine and unbutton he shirt for bed ... answering machine ( synthesize voice ) good move . Mike smirk . fade to : 75 int . mike' apartment - the next morning 75 Mike wake up and roll out of bed . he walk to the phone and pull the card out of the crack . he look at the clock . 12:10 pm . he stick it back in the crack . he make a " x " on a day of he calendar . CUT to : 76 int . mike' bathroom - mike' apartment - day 76 Mike brushes he tooth . he look at the card clipped into the frame of the bathroom mirror . he turn the faucet , allow exactly one drop of he precious Los Angeles water supply to drip onto he toothbrush . he resume brush . CUT to : 77 ext . " bourgeois pig " coffeehouse - late afternoon 77 Mike sip espresso as he stare at the card . dissolve to : 78 int . mike' apartment - night 78 Mike be play solitaire with the card lay above all the play card . the phone ring . Mike rush to get it , then force himself to wait another ring and a half exactly . mike hello ? female voice hi Michael . mike Michelle ? michelle how 's it go ? it 's be a while ... mike ... six month . michelle how be you do ? mike Fine ... I guess . you ? michelle good . ( pause ) I think about thing . mike yeah ? michelle yeah . mike what kind of thing ? michelle you know , we . mike I think you meet someone else . michelle it do not matter . I think about you every day . mike really ? michelle I miss you , Mike . mike why do not you call ? michelle I could not . do you know how hard it 's be not to call you ? I pick up the phone every night . whenever that commercial come on ... mike ... the micheline commercial ... michelle ... yeah , with the baby in the tire . one time I start to cry right in front of Pierre ... mike Pierre ... that 's he name ? Pierre ? be he french ? michelle no , he 's not ... listen I do not want to talk about he . that 's a whole other headache . I call because I hear you might be move back to queen ... the beep of Mike 's call waiting . mike hang on . let I get rid of this call . he click to the other line . mike hello ? lorraine hi , Mike ? mike lorraine ? lorraine be you on the other line ? mike yeah , hold on . lorraine I can call back ... mike no , no . hold on . he click back to the other line . mike hi. michelle I hear you might be move back ... mike yeah , uh , I do not think that 's gonna be happen any time soon ... listen , can I call you right back ? I gotta take this call ... michelle I be not home and go out of town tomorrow for a week . can not you talk for five more minute ? mike I really want to catch up with you , but I have gotta take this call . they be hold . I will talk with you when you get back in town . bye . michelle Goodbye . I lov ..... ( click ) Mike switch line , cut Michelle off mid-sentence . mike hi. sorry about that . lorraine you do not have to get off the other line . I would have call you back . mike that 's okay . I want to talk to you . Mike hold he palm over the receiver and look at the answer machine . beat . mike ( to answer machine ) do you realize that I have be wait for that call for six month and I cut she off ? answering machine ( synthesize voice ) you be money , baby . Mike smile . back to lorraine . medium shot of Mike through he window as he look down onto Franklin avenue and talk on the phone . mike hi , lorraine . thanks for hold on . lorraine listen , Mike . you really do not have to get off the line . I just want to ask you one thing . I know I should not have call , I mean , my friend say I should wait two day ... oh God , I probably sound like such a schoolgirl ... it 's just that it 's tonight only ... I mean , it 's Sinatra 's birthday and they have this thing every year at " the room " . do you know where that be ? it 's impossible to find if you have never be there . I do not understand why none of the club in Hollywood have sign . anyway , I be so bad at this , if you be not busy I think you might ... Mike smile as the camera pull back from the window and backwards down Franklin Avenue in a reverse of the first shot of the movie . the soundtrack kick in with Sinatra 's " here 's to the loser " .... frank here 's to that who love not too wisely , no , not too wisely , but too well ... to the girl who sigh with envy when she hear that wedding bell ... to the guy who would throw a party if he know someone to call ... here 's to the loser ... bless they all ... ... we rise and pass the glow Hollywood sign . it 's still a full moon ... frank here 's to that who drink they dinner when that lady do not show ... to the girl who wait for kiss underneath that mistletoe ... to the lonely summer lover when the leave begin to fall ... here 's to the loser ... bless they all ... .... past the blink red beacon of the Capital record building ... frank hey Tom , Dick and Harry ... come in out of the rain ... that torch you carry ... must be drown in champagne ... ... up and over Hollywood boulevard . High above the city ... frank here 's the last toast of the evening ... here 's to that who still believe ... all the loser will be winner ... all the giver shall receive ... here 's to trouble - free tomorrow ... May you sorrow all be small ... here 's to the loser ... bless they all . ... it 's all just a pool of beautiful golden light . fade to black .