swordfish by skip Woods January 2001 final production draft for educational purpose only 1 blackness 1 we hear over ... gabriel ( v.o. ) you know the problem with Hollywood ? they make shit . unbelievable , unremarkable shit . I be not some grungy filmmaker - wannabee search for existentialism through a haze of bong -smoke . it 's easy to pick apart bad act , short - sighted direct , or the purely moronic string together of word many of the studio term as prose . no , I be talk the lack of realism . realism . not a pervasive element in the modern american cinematic vision . fade in : int . starbucks coffee shop - morning Three man sit at a window booth drink coffee and talk . two of the man sit on one side of the table ; stanley be in he early thirty , agent robert , early forty . both wear suit , the young 's be fairly expensive and well cut , the other 's be polyester , enough say . the man across , however , be quite different . he be what they use to call a " cool -cat . " gabriel ( man ) take Dog Day afternoon for example . arguably pacino 's great performance , except the godfather , part I , and scarface , of course . a masterpiece of direct , easily lumet 's best . the act , the script , cinematography , all top notch . but , they do not push the envelope . what if in Dog Day , sonny really want to get away with it ? what if , and here 's where it get tricky . what if they would start kill hostage ? no mercy , no quarter , meet we demand or the cute blonde in the bell bottom get one in the back of the head , bam , splatter . what ? still no bus ? ( more ) ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 gabriel ( cont 'd ) how many innocent victim would they let get spray across the window before the city reverse its policy on hostage situation ? and this be 1976 . no c.n.n. , no C.N.B.C. , no m.t.v. no Internet . fast forward to the present , same situation . can you imagine the feed frenzy of the modern media ? in hour it would be the top story from Boston to budapest . all catch in 150 millimeter zoom , computer enhance , and color correct . you would practically taste the brain matter . six hostage die . ten. twelve . twenty . thirty . relentless . one after another . all over a bus , a plane , and a couple of million dollar that be federally insure . he sit , let the picture sink in , then : gabriel just a think . I mean it 's not really within the realm of conventional cinema , but what if ...? robert you know , this movie of yours , I do not think it would have work . gabriel really ? how come ? robert ( shrug ) audience love happy ending . gabriel pacino escape . with the money . boyfriend get the sex change operation . they live happily ever after . stanley shake he head . gabriel no ? ( continued ) 3. 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 stanley no. gabriel homophobia ? stanley shake he head . stanley bad guy can not win . it 's a morality tale . one way or the other , he 's gotta go down . gabriel oh , well . life do tend to be stranger than fiction . ( look at watch ) well , guy , gotta jet . this place be kinda dead . camera pan around the coffee shop . not a soul in the place . we continue to pan around 270 degree to the front door , which be open . outside the open doorway be crouch a squad of heavily body - armored swat member , pack together , and aim automatic weapon inside . angle on gabriel gabriel thanks for the coffee . he get up . in he leave hand , which have be hide by the table until now , he be hold a strange - look spring - load grip . Gabriel be look back at they . smile . gabriel rene descartes be sit in some bar in Paris . bartender say , ' hey , you want another drink ? ' descartes say , ' I think not . ' and disappear . he smile at he own joke , then turn and walk over to the front door . gabriel move . no one even twitches . gabriel I will not ask again . ( continued ) 4. 1 continued : ( 3 ) 1 he lift up the device in he leave hand . angle on robert who nod he head . the swat team move back , let Gabriel out of the coffee shop . gabriel thank you . Gabriel look back at Stan sit in the booth . gabriel stanley ... you come ? Stan slide from the booth as Gabriel exit the coffee shop -- 2 ext . starbucks coffee shop - day 2 silence -- no sound on the soundtrack . Gabriel and stanley stop just outside the doorway . Gabriel don a pair of hip little shade , then continue across the sidewalk and into the street . he nonchalantly look up . suddenly the thump of helicopter and the wail of siren dominate the soundtrack . pandemonium . helicopter rip the sky , L.A. County PD and a bunch of news vulture . squad car block off both end of the street while swat truck , news van , and looky - loos be pack together into the distance . sharpshooter lean out of window and sniper be position on every open rooftop . hundred of weapon be point at this man who saunter across the street as if he 's on he way to Sunday service , without a care in the world . slowly , stanley follow Gabriel into the street . Gabriel step up on the far sidewalk , a huge armored bus block most of the window . he walk beside the bus , under a huge " world banc " sign , and through the glass front door , which shut in our face . 3 int . bank - closeup - gabriel - day 3 he turn away from the window and we follow he . ( continued ) 5 . 3 continued : 3 the interior of the bank look like New Orleans on fat Tuesday . Three hummer sit in the middle of the floor , surround by break glass . between they rest a bright red Ferrari f50 ( Gabriel 's ) . all but one of the front window of the bank , the one with the door in it , have be weld over with 3 / 4 inch plate steel . over two dozen hostage lie face down on the floor , arm cable- tie behind they back . something have be duct - tape around they chest and each be wear what appear to be a dog collar . the other occupant of the room be nine man . all of whom would look as if they be attend the fashion event of the year be it not for the automatic weapon each one carry . gabriel how we doin ' ? one of the armed men finish put a collar on a young , normally good - look - but-now - cover - in -mascara , whimper blonde girl . marco ( armed man ) done . gabriel good . take she out . superimpose : friday , october 18 8:41:22 ... the front door open and one of the suite man drag out the pretty blonde from earlier . she be sobbing and be in such grief she can not even walk . 4 ext . bank - day 4 on the sidewalk , the suite man , he automatic weapon sling , hold she up for everyone to see . 5 int . bank - day 5 Gabriel grab he cell and dial . 6 int . starbucks coffee shop - day 6 Roberts sit in the Starbucks which have be transformed into a high - tech command center read a newspaper . ( continued ) 6. 6 continued : 6 we can not see the headline . Federal and state officer scramble around handle problem . the phone ring . Assistant director Bill Joy ( a.d. joy ) , a older - look guy who look more like a accountant than a assistant director of the FBI , be hand the phone . a.d. joy be everyone in position ? swat leader almost , sir . robert ( look up from paper ) what be you do ? we pan around . a.d. joy ( to swat leader ) get she at you first opportunity . swat leader ( into mike ) High ground one and two . you have a green light . robert I have see what this man be capable of -- a.d. joy the f.b.i. do not negotiate with terrorist . I assume you would be aware of that . ( answer phone ) Joy . Roberts pick up a extension . gabriel ( v.o. ) do not talk , listen ... when I make my Dog Day afternoon analogy , I be not speak metaphorically . we have 22 hostage . each have be wrap with 20 pound of C - four explosive . CUT to : 7. 7 ext . bank 7 swat guy make they way to the roof of the bank . gabriel ( v.o . ) on top of that we have tape 15 pound of stainless steel ball bearing -- 8 int . bank - angle on gabriel 8 gabriel -- make they the world 's large walk claymore mine . CUT to : 9 ext . bank - sharpshooter 9 aim down at Gabriel 's merc . the merc be hold up the weep girl so everyone can see what Gabriel be talk about . unbeknownst to he , red laser aim dot appear on gab 's merc 's chest . 10 int . bank - day 10 stanley be be hold by two of the well - dress man . closeup on gabriel gabriel around she neck be a radio - frequency electronic dog collar -- 11 int . starbucks - day 11 Roberts stop short as he hear this . he and Joy both look at each other . 12 int . bank - day 12 gabriel Dog walk out of he yard , he get the shit shocked out of he . 13 int . starbucks - day 13 hear this , Roberts stand back up . ( continued ) 8. 13 continued : 13 robert stop they -- in slow motion , a.d . Joy jump for he radio . gabriel ( v.o. ) same thing -- 14 int . bank - closeup - gabriel - day 14 gabriel -- they yard be this bank . so , do not fuck with I . 15 ext . bank - same time 15 swat member move into position along the peripheral . the merc turn toward they . the momentum swing he shoulder weapon upward in slow motion . 16 int . starbucks - day 16 a.d. joy ( into mike ) hold you -- 17 ext . bank - same time 17 the swat sniper take this weapon movement as a aggressive act and FIRE into the merc , the bullet ripping into he . he drop . a swat - armored vehicle rush in -- one of the team jump out , in a attempt to rescue the woman . 18 int . bank - day 18 stanley no! noooo !! 19 ext . bank - day 19 hysterical , the hostage run back toward the bank , confusing the swat guy try to rescue she . he reach for she but she fight he . finally , he grab she around the waist and carry she on he shoulder into the street as she scream toward the bank for help . ( continued ) 9. 19 continued : 19 closeup - he foot ( slow motion ) as he step off the sidewalk . angle on girl ( slow motion ) she be scream nooooo ! closeup - he foot ( slow motion ) as it continue its stride . closeup - radio dog collar ( slow motion ) around she neck . the green light blink to red . beep . normal speed . kaboom ! ball bearing ricochet against the plate steel of the bank . 20 ext . starbucks coffee shop - day 20 the ball bearing bounce across the street and tap against the coffee shop . 21 int . starbucks coffee shop - day ( slow motion ) 21 everyone in the coffee shop look at each other like , " what just happen ? " 22 ext . starbucks coffee shop - day 22 as ball bearing roll back into the street . fade to black . fade in : title sequence : 23 int . custom ( lax ) - closeup on axl torvald - day 23 superimpose : 3 day earlier ( continued ) 10 . 23 continued : 23 axl torvald enter custom . a thirty -someth european who could easily pass for a season regular on " sprocket . " we pull back . torvald be watch anxiously as he bag be tear into like Christmas day at the griswald . the two custom agent eye he three laptop suspiciously . torvald ( heavy finnish accent ) please be careful -- -- one of the Agents cut off he plea with a glance . torvald ( to himself , almost inaudibly ) -- that equipment be quite expensive . torvald be wary of time . after several moment he bag be be repack when another passport be find . the custom official hold up two passport . another custom official take they and walk over to torvald . another custom official Mr. torvald . could you step over here , please . torvald glance at he watch . 1:45 pm . torvald how long be I go to be delay ? another custom official it will be just a moment . torvald stand to the side , while two custom official compare he passport . they step over to a computer terminal and punch in some data . it 's 1:50 pm . torvald notice a custom department employee wheeling a cart of confiscate item out of a nearby service elevator . he push the cart out of the oversize elevator . torvald shoot a glance back to the two official discuss he situation . torvald casually pick up he computer case and coolly walk over to the elevator . ( continued ) 11 . 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 torvald walk in just as the door close . the custom official confer look around . torvald be go . one of they look up and see the number change above the elevator . the custom official race up to the escalator to the -- 24 int . mezzanine level 24 torvald exit the elevator -- and coolly make he way to the pedestrian walkway . he 's halfway across it , when -- multiple security team appear and converge on he from both end . he 's finally wrestle to the ground . dark suit # 2 ( flipping a badge in torvald ' face ) axl torvald . you be under arrest . CUT to : 25 int . boardroom ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - day 25 senator jame reisman -- R. ( Georgia ) stride confidently into a small , windowless boardroom . senator reisman this better be important , you pull I out of session . darwin kaplan , the President 's aide and one of the four man in the room , definitely the most intense , smile thinly . kaplan Senator , I would not have ask you to come here if it be not . the Senator start to sit down . Kaplan turn toward the Senator . kaplan Senator , we just receive a communication that axl torvald be intercept enter the continental U.S . ( continued ) 12 . 25 continued : 25 senator reisman when ? kaplan within the last two hour . accord to we source inside the f.b.i. , he be nab come through custom at l.a.x. alone ... senator reisman do they know who they be deal with ? kaplan it be unlikely , sir . it be a routine check and torvald freak out . they just get lucky . senator reisman this be not good , boy . the vortex have use torvald before . what do the fed know ? kaplan nothing as of yet . he 's refuse to speak English and the finnish consulate have already contact the State Department ... senator reisman so we have not be compromise ? kaplan we be not sure . we be work on that right now . senator reisman you better get sure real quick , son , ' cause someone 's cock 's liable to end up on the block on this one . and I promise you it will not be mine . kaplan Senator , I think we will be okay here -- senator reisman I do not fuck pay you to think , Kaplan . I pay you to keep I inform . I know the vortex . that 's why I vote against use he on american soil . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 senator reisman ( cont 'd ) it 's like use the ebola virus to cure a cancer patient . Son , what do you think 's go to happen if he start tie up loose end . they look at each other . kaplan yessir . I understand . CUT to : 26 ext . middle of nowhere - day 26 we be indeed in the middle of nowhere , no nothing as far as you can see . we continue to crane up , a $ 140,000 Ferrari modena fly down the road in a cloud of suspend gravel toward stanley 's dilapidate , piece - of '- crap trailer . 27 ext . trailer - roof - day 27 Stan stand on the roof of he trailer , which be a dilapidate shack in the 1950s and now be a lot worse . a chain but scruffy - look rottweiler run around in front of the trailer . Stan look completely different than he do in the open sequence . he have not take very good care of himself . his hair be long , and right now stand on end . he be wear nothing but a dirty towel , and be slice golf ball off the roof . whack . as the Ferrari drive up he begin hit golf ball at it , but he just be not very good . nevertheless , after a dozen bad hit , a lucky shot ricochet off the aluminum hood . closeup - ferrari hood clang ! back to scene Stan smile as the car slide to a halt in the gravel driveway , and turn back to he " work . " ( continued ) 14 . 27 continued : 27 angle on stanley as we hear the door shut and someone come up the aluminum extension ladder . a few moment later , in slow motion , ginger appear at the top of the ladder and step onto the trailer 's roof . Stan turn around . she be what the hack writer of the thirties would call a vision . thesauruses could be exhaust search for adjective that do she justice . in the low -rent light of stanley 's white trash haven , she be , by definition , a goddess . stanley who be you suppose to be ? whack ( slice ) . she light a cigarette , inhale deeply , then exhales . ginger hello , stanley . she know he name . ginger I be Ginger . stanley be that right ? whack ( slice ) . ginger for someone the n.s.a. have list as the most dangerous hacker in America , you sure do not look like much . whack ( slice ) . ginger do not look so surprised . I know everything there be to know about you , Stan . from you mom 's maiden name to how big you ... she glance downward then back up . ( continued ) 15 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 ginger Bank account be . stanley how would you get past my dog ? ginger ( cute ) boy like I . stanley great . what be you sell again ? whack ( slice ) . ginger do I say I be sell something ? I be here to help you , Stan . look at you , you be a mess . whack ( slice ) . ginger my employer want to meet you . whack ( slice ) . ginger you be not very good at this , be you ? stanley you be fuck up my chi . ginger can I see that ? begrudgingly he hand she the club . she tee up a ball , pull up she skirt far enough to reveal thong , and whack , hit a ball that Tiger Woods would envy . clang . she smile , hand he the club back and pull down she skirt . ginger you need to straighten you leave arm . you be bend it . he look at she . ginger trust I . ( continued ) 16 . 27 continued : ( 3 ) 27 he do and the ball go fly 200 yard , perfect , whack a fridge with " 200 yard " paint on it . clang ! Stan look at the club , then toss it to the ground , climb back down a aluminum extension ladder that lead up through a makeshift hatch on the roof . 28 int . kitchen 28 she follow but Stan ignore she and walk into he bedroom . she walk over , open , and reach into the fridge -- ginger this be not a nice place you have here , stanley . -- and pull out a beer -- ginger I have only be here a few minute and I be already start to feel sorry for myself . she walk into : 29 int . live room - day 29 Stan walk back in , look for semi-clean clothes . stanley you be waste you time . I even touch a computer , I go straight to Leavenworth , do not pass go , do not collect 200 dollar . whatever I be ... stanley , pull on he pants , let the sentence hang , unfinish . he 's put on he shoe . she squat down in front of he , rest she hand on he leg . ginger stanley , think about it , they still teach you technique at m.i.t . she smile up at he , then take a long drink of she beer . Stan stare at she a moment , then ... ( continued ) 17 . 29 continued : 29 ginger I be not here to suck you dick , stanley , you can sit around do the martyr thing as long as you like . he will pay you just to meet you . stanley ( smile ) I gotta go to work . ginger oh that 's right , and fine work it be , too. ( beat ) stanley ... ( beat ) have you speak to Holly lately ? she just drop a 20 megaton thermonuclear warhead into stanley 's universe . 30 ext . stanley' trailer - day 30 stanley practically pitch she down the step of he trailer and slam the door . ginger shit ... 31 int . malibu house - day 31 a telephone ring in a multi-zillion dollar malibu beach house . a woman , late twenty , grab the receiver . her voice be of perfect timbre and accentless . melissa ( woman ) hello . ( continued ) 18 . 31 continued : 31 stanley ( v.o. ) Melissa ... ( beat ) Holly home ? melissa ( New York start to invade she accentless accent ) stanley . why be you call here ? 32 int . stanley' trailer - angle - stanley 32 on phone . he stand in front of he now close fridge . it be cover with picture of he daughter , Holly . stanley I want to talk with Holly . intercut between the two . Melissa 's accent continue to travel eastward from Midwest flat to full tilt Long Island . melissa it 's ... ( look at she watch ) it 's twelve - thirty , stanley . she 's in school . you know it 's illegal for you to talk to she . stanley do not do this , mel . it 's not good for Holly -- melissa how the hell would you know what be or be not good for my daughter ? you have spend the last two year in prison . stanley mel -- melissa stop call I that , stanley . stanley I just want to see my baby . ( continued ) 19 . 32 continued : 32 melissa well , she do not want to see you , stanley , and I swear to fuck God , if you contact she , I will have Larry 's attorney throw you into a hole so deep and dark it will make Leavenworth seem like two week in Vegas ; during which I will personally pay two ball - busting skin-head to -- stanley wow , mel , you can take the girl out of the trailer park , but you can not take the trailer park out of the girl . she regains control . her voice be accentless once again . melissa ( exhaling ) I will not let myself be manipulate by you , stanley . Larry 's she father now . stanley Larry 's the porn king -- melissa Larry 's a film financier , a good husband , and a astute businessman . what film he 's involved in be a function of profitability and none of you business . she be now downright icy . melissa get help , stanley , get into a program , get a therapist , get a dog , but whatever you do , stay away from my child . stanley you child ? she 's we child . melissa she will never be you child . you will never have the kind of money to match Larry 's lawyer in court . forget Holly . ( continued ) 20 . 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 click . the phone goe dead . stanley freak , beat the receiver against the fridge , again , and again . then , he calmly hang up the phone . 33 ext . stanley' trailer - day 33 stanley walk down the step of he trailer . Ginger sit on the hood of she car in all she estrogenic glory , smoking and petting Stan 's dog . stanley what be you do here ? stanley 's dog lean against she , happy . stanley ( to dog , like " traitor " ) juda . ginger hello , stanley . she smile at he . he smile back , about ready to stick she in the trunk of she car . stanley look , I be beginning to lose my sense of humor about -- ginger let 's cut through the bullshit , Stan . if you ever want to have a chance in hell of get you daughter back you will shut up and listen . unless of course you want to stay here in you pathetic , loser life while she learn what it 's like to be a fluffer in one of she new daddy 's video . ( continued ) 21 . 33 continued : 33 stanley do I the courtesy of not confusing you own childhood with my daughter 's . ginger look at you situation , stanley . for twenty month you have be in court six time , each time you custody case have be throw out . you situation do not look good , sweetheart . she blow smoke at he , think , then whip out she trump card . ginger how much would it cost to retain the best family lawyer in the country and regain custody of you daughter ? stanley all the way through the jury trial ? ginger yeah . stanley a lot . she pull out a large manila envelope . open it and dump the rubber - band stack of hundred onto the ground . ginger this should get you start . stanley just stare at the money . he look up at Ginger . ginger whattaya have to lose ? just meet he . one time . that 's it . you do not like the setup , walk away . stanley that 's it ? ginger that 's it . and you keep the money . ( continued ) 22 . 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 she smoke , let it all sink in . she put out she cigarette . they just stare at each other . she smile . fade to black . fade in : 34 int . FBI interrogation room - night 34 torvald sit at a table in a room with a two - way mirror . to he leave , a three - piece suite euroweasel ( obviously he lawyer ) nurse a steaming cup of coffee while provide air cover from the two interrogate FBI Agents . the table be cover with empty coffee cup and cigarette carcass . Roberts ease quietly into the room in mid - interrogation . torvald say something in finnish to he lawyer . agent # 1 what do he say ? torvald again speak to he lawyer in finnish . agent # 2 you client be want on 24 count of electronic crime in seven different country -- lawyer Finland do not recognize this allegation as crime . you law -- agent # 1 do you see a finnish flag hang on the wall , Ikea boy ? torvald speak to he lawyer . agent # 1 what do he say ? lawyer he say Ikea be swedish . agent # 1 he understand English ? the FBI agent 's head be now close to implode . ( continued ) 23 . 34 continued : 34 robert okay ... guy , why do not you give I a few minute here ? they turn to see Roberts smile . agent # 2 uh , sir ... robert it 's okay . just a couple of minute . agent # 1 yessir . agent # 2 you have fuck up now , hamlet . robert ( never take he eye off torvald ) and michael . agent # 2 yessir . robert hamlet be a dane . agent # 2 adane ? robert forget it . Roberts sit down in a chair face torvald . he stare at he a moment , just smile , then ... robert why would the number one cracker in the world risk life imprisonment to enter the continental u.s.? lawyer my client have repeatedly reserve he right not answer any question at this time . torvald look at Roberts ' badge and say something in finnish , the only recognizable word be " Roberts . " the attorney and torvald both laugh . Roberts look at the attorney . ( continued ) 24 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 lawyer he tell I to tell mister Roberts that he be quite fond of ' the X - file . ' again they smile . Roberts look at the lawyer 's cup of steaming coffee and with one finger push it over into the lawyer 's lap . robert you need another cup of coffee -- lawyer ( jump up in great pain ) goddammit ! Roberts grab he by the collar and slam he into the wall , then push he out the door with a kick in the ass . he grab the briefcase and toss it out after he and lock the door . he turn on torvald , smack he across the face . he push he into the wall and hold he badge in front of he . robert until a year ago I be head of the large task force on cyber - criminal in the entire world . but , I burn out . it happen . I snap . I shot a suspect in the fuck hand . Accident . do you know how hard it be to work a keyboard with one hand ? torvald whatever you can do to I , he can do worse . I be already dead . the only place I stand a chance be back in my country . I have friend there . robert I tell you what , you tell I what I want to know and I guarantee you will be on the next flight to Finland . first class . courtesy of the U.S. government . torvald think quietly . 25 . 35 int . viewing room - night 35 two FBI agent ( bad agent # 1 &amp ; 2 ) watch the interrogation through a two - way mirror . one of the agent look surprisingly like Gabriel 's merc that carry the young blonde girl kill outside the bank earlier . torvald ( v.o. ) ( over speaker ) I will tell you what I know . the Agents look at each other . bad agent # 1 dial he cell phone . bad agent # 1 ( into he cell ) yes , this be Assistant director Joy , would you find agent Roberts . it 's important that I speak with he as soon as possible . thank you . int . FBI interrogation room - night robert who be he ? 36 ext . prague nightclub - night 36 a yellow lamborghini Diablo drive up . in slow motion Gabriel step out of the car , wind whipping he full - length , black gucci overcoat . torvald ( v.o. ) he exist in a world beyond you world . what we only fantasize , he do . he life a life where nothing be beyond he . 37 int . interrogation room - night 37 torvald but it be all a act . 38 ext . prague nightclub - night 38 Gabriel walk through the crowd as if a celebrity -- ( continued ) 26 . 38 continued : 38 torvald ( v.o. ) for all he charisma and charm . for all he wealth and expensive toy . -- exchange kiss and the linger of hand , as he slide through parting seas of beautiful people . torvald ( v.o. ) beneath it all he be a drive , unflinch , calculate machine , who take what he want , when he want , then disappear -- CUT to : 39 int . interrogation room - angle on torvald - night 39 torvald -- it work like this . 40 ext . empty sky - night 40 torvald ( v.o. ) I fly to where I be to meet he . he send one of he people to meet I . a boeing 777 scream overhead . we tilt down . stanley and Ginger walk out of lax . a white limo idle directly in front of they . stanley be wear a black T-shirt which proclaim in large white letter across he chest , in true scarlet letter fashion , " loser ! " torvald ( v.o. ) he tell I what he need . I do my job , I be pay . 41 int . prague - night 41 upstair on a lavish balcony Gabriel look at the crowd . push into -- closeup - gabriel smile . torvald ( v.o. ) and I leave . 27 . 42 int . FBI interrogation room - night 42 robert that 's a real nice story . but you have not give I shit . torvald know this and smile at Roberts arrogantly . the door open , a FBI agent stick he head in . agent # 1 Excuse I , sir ... you have a call . robert so , take a message . agent # 1 it 's Assistant director Joy , he say it 's important . robert at least it 's not my wife . ( to torvald ) you need to think about what else you know . ( then , to agent # 1 ) watch he . Roberts walk out of the room . the FBI agent position himself outside the door . 43 int . hallway - night 43 Roberts walk out of the room . torvald ' attorney be there . lawyer you will be hearing from my gover -- robert shut up . Roberts walk down the hall . the attorney , piss , walk back into the interrogation room . 44 int . viewing room - night 44 one of the two Agents watch the door , the other , bad agent # 2 step over to the two - way mirror . ( continued ) 28 . 44 continued : 44 torvald talk to he attorney in finnish . apparently he attorney be try to convince he of something . torvald , unfaze , walk over to the one - way mirror . pull back from torvald to reveal bad agent # 2 calmly screwing a silencer on to he .45 . torvald lean closer to the glass . bad agent # 2 stick the silence barrel of the gun up against the glass -- right between the eye of torvald . bad agent # 2 move the barrel up and down between torvald face and neck . 45 int . interrogation room - same time 45 torvald look smugly into the glass . he lift he hand , hold up he middle finger . 46 int . viewing room - night 46 bad agent # 2 move he aim to torvald ' tonsils . he depress the trigger slightly . 47 int . interrogation room - same time 47 torvald , middle finger in the air , smile . unbeknownst to he however , a tiny red aim laser have zipped through the glass and be now position as a dot on torvald ' throat . 48 int . viewing room - night 48 satisfied with the placement he pull the trigger ... thump ! thump ! thump ! thump ! 49 int . hallway - night 49 Roberts walk down the hall and turn right into -- 50 int . coffee room - night 50 Roberts pick up the phone . robert this be Roberts , I have a call from a.d. Joy . ( continued ) 29 . 50 continued : 50 FBI operator ( v.o. ) hold , sir . finally -- a.d. joy ( v.o. ) Joy . robert Roberts . you need I . a.d. joy ( v.o. ) what do you mean ? robert you do not call I ? a.d. joy ( v.o. ) you just call I ... realization slowly hit he , he drop the phone and run from the room . 51 int . hallway - same time 51 Roberts run down the hall and into : 52 int . interrogation room - night 52 Roberts find torvald and he attorney dead . Roberts look into the mirror . six clean bullet hole perforate he reflection . robert shit ! 53 int . prague nightclub - night 53 a huge , lavish , convert theater in downtown Los Angeles . a 21st century version of 54 on equal overdose of steroid and acid . 54 int . VIP section - night 54 stanley and Ginger walk into a large area with individual private booth in small room around the perimeter . the room have the ability to be close off by draw huge , thick velvet drape . ( continued ) 30 . 54 continued : 54 ginger I wish you would let I buy you a suit . stanley I be happy with what I be wear . ginger you have no self -esteem , stanley . stanley ( dryly ) I know . they walk into one of the booth in the back . sitting around a large , oval table be we antihero , Gabriel shear , surround by a handful of he crew and a gaggle of beautiful model - type . Ginger kiss Gabriel and with a healthy exchange of fluid , then ... ginger miss I ? Gabriel smile , then look back at stanley . ginger Gabriel , stanley . stanley , Gabriel . Gabriel just stare . gabriel ( very familiar ) Big Stan . Nice suit . stanley thanks . gabriel you know , they say it 's the clothes that make the man ... stanley you buy it ? gabriel hope not . ( then ) buy you a drink ? ( continued ) 31 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 stanley I fly fifteen hundred mile for this meeting , how ' bout we get to the point . gabriel actually you fly 1500 mile for 100 grand . but that 's not the point . stanley sit down . Gabriel pour Stan a glass of Crown . gabriel I hear this story about this young hacker who make a virus that break the f.b.i. 's carnivore program that be actively read every subscriber 's e-mail and scramble the system . he do what the federal judge would not do and keep the government out of we privacy . stanley I think I hear that . Story be he go to jail and the federal carnivore program be back in full swing . it be a real tragedy . what can I do for you ? change the subject . gabriel stanley , meet helga . Gabriel smile . the beautiful woman to stanley 's right slide closer . helga ( woman ) ( heavily accented ) hi , stanley . stanley look at she , she 's a knockout ; artificially perfect . he look back at Gabriel . stanley look , I do not have a lot of patience for this -- gabriel stanley , we have a problem , maybe you can help we out . ( continued ) 32 . 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 Stan look around ; everyone be smile . helga move closer to he . gabriel take a look at this . he be hand a open laptop , it glow . he set it on the table and spin it around in front of stanley . stanley ( like a alcoholic face with a fifth of tequila ) you know I can not touch that . helga pour a shot of tequila . helga you like tequila , stanley ? helga shoot the tequila , then turn to stanley , place she lip against he . the gold liquid drip from they lip as she spit it into stanley 's mouth . he push she away , break the liplock , and swallow the tequila . she lick it from he face . gabriel no need for modesty , we be all friend here , stanley . stanley this be bullshit . I come -- gabriel you want something from I , amigo , I want something from you . d.o.d . d base , 128 bit r.s.a. encryption . whattaya think ? impossible ? stanley 's have a little trouble concentrate on Gabriel . stanley nothing 's impossible . helga begin suck on stanley 's finger . he pull they away . gabriel so it can be do ? maybe slide in a trojan horse hide a worm ? ( continued ) 33. 54 continued : ( 4 ) 54 stanley something like that . be this a interview ? gabriel sort of . Marco , let 's give he some incentive . the drape close . two of Gabriel 's crew step out . Marco yank out a .40 caliber Glock and quickly screw a well - use silencer onto the end . Marco walk around behind stanley . stanley ( now totally confuse ) what be you do ? helga smile , then drop she head into stanley 's lap . we hear he pant unzip . gabriel relax , stanley . he have to go with it . gabriel I have be tell the best cracker in the world could do this in sixty minute . unfortunately , I need someone who can do it in sixty second . stanley you be kid ... gabriel ' fraid not . Stan realize now no one be smile . he grab the blonde by the hair but can not pull she up . gabriel forty -five second . time be a waste , big guy . the silencer be press into the back of he head . stanley try to focus on the screen . stanley suck air through he tooth , try to focus . gabriel you have thirty second , stanley . ( continued ) 34 . 54 continued : ( 5 ) 54 stanley give up on try to get she up and he hand start fly over the keyboard . we intercut the action with a closeup of stanley 's hand work the keyboard , and a closeup of Gabriel , and a closeup of the lcd screen which read in flash red letter -- " access denied . " gabriel she 's very good , be not she , stanley ? tension build as stanley continue to work the keyboard . " access denied . " gabriel c'mon , stanley . 20 second . " access denied . " gabriel Fifteen . " access denied . " gabriel ten ... nine ... faster and faster . " access denied . " gabriel Three ... two ... " access denied . " he grab she head . she do not come up . the screen flash : " access denied . " gabriel too bad , stanley . ya gotta die . Marco put the silencer to he eye . stanley wait ... ! click . the gun be empty . stanley try to catch he breath . helga lift up she head . everyone laugh . Gabriel walk around the table . ( continued ) 35 . 54 continued : ( 6 ) 54 gabriel I be just fuck with you , Stan . stanley be piss . helga , smile , kiss he on the cheek . stanley try to calm down . he get up , shoot someone 's half - drank drink , zip he pants , then -- stanley so be I . stanley hit the enter key and spin the computer around . closeup - computer screen " access granted " appear , and the Department of Defense logo scroll across the screen . wider stanley give they all a " fuck you " smile , then stomp out through the curtain . closeup on gabriel who smile . 55 int . club - rest room - night 55 stanley push into the bathroom . he kick the wastebasket across the room . stanley shit ! he push a club kid out of the way of the sink . he turn on the water and wash he face . slowly he lean he forehead against the mirror . Ginger appear behind he . stanley what be you look at ? ginger relax , stanley . you can do this . ( continued ) 36 . 55 continued : 55 stanley get away from I . ginger I want to help you . stanley help ? help what , squeegee my brain off the ceiling ? ginger it be just a test , Stan , you pass . Ginger pull out a cigarette and a lighter from she plastic overcoat . stanley a test ... I do not know why I let you talk I into this . I can not believe how desperate I be . she exhales toward stanley . ginger I think you be here save you daughter , stanley . he turn around . stanley ( piss ) look ... I would do anything to get Holly back . but , if I end up in a box or back in jail , then I really can not help she , can I ? what I should do , be take my money and go back to court . ginger back to court ? back to Melissa 's gladiator ? you throw a hundred grand at she , she will throw five back at you . it 's not about Holly , it 's about beat you . you know that . think , stanley . stanley what I be think about be that you be willing to put a gun to my head to see if I can hack -- suddenly three club kid come busting into the bathroom . ( continued ) 37 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 Ginger interrupt he by slamm Stan between the urinal and ramming she tongue into he mouth with the kind of wet , aggressive action that take a movie from pg - 13 to a R. when the kid realize that the urinal be occupy , they leave . slowly Ginger take she tongue out of Stan 's mouth . they look at each other . she smile at he . ginger ( coyly ) sorry ... a beat , for a moment there exist something between they , then bam , she 's all business again . ginger so , let I sum it up for you , stanley . you live in a trailer . ( beat ) you be a felon , work a dead - end job . you want to get Holly back , Gabriel 's you only shot . angle on stanley as he realize she 's right , he 's get nothing to lose . slam ! he smack the mirror with he fist , then walk out of the rest room . Ginger slowly lift the cigarette . she exhales , then slowly smile . she 's get he . 56 ext . prague valet - night 56 next to the valet stand , Gabriel lean over the hood of a evil- look , bright - yellow lamborghini Diablo roadster , a gameboy chirping in he hand . stanley walk into the frame . without miss a beat , Gabriel look up -- gabriel Big Stan . I be afraid we lose you . Gabriel stand up and walk toward Stan . stanley tell I what the deal be . ( continued ) 38 . 56 continued : 56 gabriel let 's go up to the house . I be have a little get-together . I will explain it to you there . Gabriel smile . fade to : 57 int . FBI lab - night 57 Three geeky computer-type sit in front of a huge array of crt . they look up when Roberts stalk into the room . he yank off he jacket , crumble it and throw it across the room . they just look at each other . robert tell I you have some good news for I . FBI computer geek # 1 actually we have a small ray of hope in the vast darkness that be you life , sir . check this out . on one of the 25 - inch screen we see a terminal at lax with hundred of people stream by at 20 x speed . torvald be be apprehend . he freeze it . FBI computer geek # 1 see this two guy ? he point at two man watch this action from the sideline . he pull another monitor forward . FBI computer geek # 1 now watch this ... he fast - forward through the crowd until the two guy show up again . he freeze it . FBI computer geek # 1 recognize that two , same guy , next day . question be -- he slowly move the action forward -- FBI computer geek # 1 -- who 's that ? the footage stop and zoom in on one of two traveler who the two man be meeting . ( continued ) 38a . 57 continued : ( A1 ) 57 it be stanley . robert stanley jobson ... the computer guy look at each other . one hand Roberts a open copy of wire magazine . FBI computer geek # 1 wire 's man of the year , 1996 . pretty much a burnout but he be the hacker Zeitgeist of he day -- ( continued ) 39 . 57 continued : 57 robert I know who jobson be . I bust he . ( to Stan 's image ) why be you in l.a .? Roberts look at it . then at the screen . a pop - up screen show stanley 's history . FBI computer geek # 1 his ex - wife life in malibu . FBI computer geek # 2 the new husband own backdoor film , a shady porn production house in chatsworth . decent production value but they only shoot on video . his wife actually star in a couple of he video . apparently she 's a ' actress . ' Roberts move the mouse to see Ginger . robert who 's the chick ? FBI computer geek # 1 we do not know yet , sir . FBI computer geek # 2 serious piece of talent . FBI computer geek # 3 Way outta he league . something 's up . FBI computer geek # 2 you know he also have a ten-year - old daughter , who he 's not suppose to see . maybe that 's why he 's here . Roberts look at he like he 's a idiot . FBI computer geek # 2 or maybe not . robert I want to know who that girl be . pronto . Roberts stand . robert and stake out he daughter . 40 . 58 ext . gabriel be house - pool - night 58 the house be at the very top of the hill and the pool hang off the side of the cliff , way below the house . the outer edge appear nonexistent , like the water hang freeze in air . a very hip but very nasty soiree be in progress . more ibiza than Hollywood Hills . stanley sit in a chair beside a pool contain a half - dozen beautiful un - clad model - type . Gabriel be mingling through the crowd . closeup - stanley stanley stare off into the glitter light of L.A. widen . gabriel ( smile ) so Stan , tell I . how would you do it ? stanley do what ? gabriel break the code . at the club . you break the entire encryption , a silencer against you eye and you cock in someone 's mouth , all in less than sixty second . how ? stanley I use a logic bomb , drop it through the trap door -- ginger no , you do not . you do not have time . gabriel c'mon , you can do better than that . how would you do it ? stanley I use a password sniffer . Gabriel glance at Ginger who shake she head . ginger uh uh . ( continued ) 41 . 58 continued : 58 stanley yes , I do -- gabriel c'mon , stanley . how'd -you-do-it ? stanley I do not know exactly . I see the number . in my head . all my life . I do not answer equation , I just see the answer . same with code . I can not explain --- Ginger ease over to where Stan be sit . she run she hand across he shoulder as she move around he , dance to the music . ginger mozart always say he do not write music ; he just write down what he hear in he head . so do faulkner , just with word . gabriel ( drink wine ) you definitely have a gift , Stan . the most powerful people on the planet be like you . with a laptop and a phone line you can make God look like a thirteen - year- old with a stack of playboys and a lack of imagination . ( beat ) c'mere , Stan , let I show you something . 59 int . gabriel live room - night 59 stanley and Gabriel stand in Gabriel 's primo design pad , stare at a array of supercomputer . stanley stand in front of the six huge flat panel , link together , in complete awe . gabriel pretty impressive , huh . ( beat ) so ... stanley so ? ( continued ) 42 . 59 continued : 59 gabriel here 's the deal . I need a worm , stanley . a hydra , actually . a multi-head worm to break a encryption and then sniff out latent digital footprint throughout a encrypt network . stanley what kind of cypher ? gabriel vernam encryption . stanley a vernam 's impossible . its key code be destroy upon implementation . not to mention be a true 128 bit encryption . gabriel actually , we be talk 512 bit . stanley it 's impossible . gabriel tell ya what , I will pay you ten million dollar . that should be enough to get you daughter back ... ( beat ) ... unless of course it 's impossible . Stan think about it . stanley nothing 's impossible . they shake hand and Gabriel head toward the back of the house . long shot - gabriel walk up the stair toward he room . Stan look over to see Ginger stare at he . stanley what ? Ginger pull herself up on the desk , spread she leg on either side of the keyboard . ( continued ) 43. 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 ginger c'mon , Stan . let 's get to work . she turn on the computer . he back away . ginger it will not bite you , I promise . stanley I do not know . it 's gonna be pretty hard without a gun to my head . she reach out and pull he to she . ginger well , let 's put a gun to you head . she kiss he and slowly he respond . she smile . ginger tell I about you worm , stanley . they kiss . ginger you surprised that a girl with real breast and a i.q. over 70 can give you a hard - on ? Stan shake he head . stanley I think you be Gabriel 's . she look at he a moment . she smile at he and slowly bend forward to whisper in he ear . closeup - ginger' mouth at stanley 's ear . ginger ( very slowly ) I be not what you think I be . angle on ginger and stanley as she lean back . she stare at he a moment then slide off the desk . ( continued ) 44 . 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 ginger you be a smart guy , stanley . you figure I out . she hand he the bottle of expensive wine she 's be drink , and then grab Stan by the belt - buckle , pull he casually behind she toward the pool house . fade to black . fade in : 60 ext . pool - day 60 loung by the pool be none other than we heroine , Ginger , topless , wear nothing more than tiny , oblong , green-tint shade , a skimpy t-back , and a little silver ring through she leave nipple . she 's read Steven hawking ' a brief History of time . a shadow fall over she . the shadow move . Ginger glance nonchalantly up , then : ginger ( sit up , grin ) do not you have that just - fuck - the -neighbor 's - cat look this morning . she reach over , light a cigarette , and inhale deeply . he smile , look she up and down . ginger Problem ? stanley pretty impressive . ginger I think we go over all that last night . stanley ( beat , then like " stupid " ) the book , Ginger . ginger ohhh. ( hold it out ) look , no picture . get out of my light . ( continued ) 45 . 60 continued : 60 they stare at each share a moment of god-only - know - what , then both break into smile like two giddy seventh - grader at the local skate rink . stanley nervously clear he throat . she 's get he . stanley can I borrow you car ? there 's something I need to do . she reach down beside the chair , grab she key and toss they to he . then : ginger if you be go to see you daughter , you might want to reevaluate the way you look . ( go back to she book ) just a think . he look at she with open mouth amazement . in just 24 hour , she already know what make he tick . she look up from she book and wink at he , then return to she read . 61 ext . newton montessori school - day 61 a school bell ring and three hundred scream kid of all age come run from the door . angle on holly not you average ten-year-old . even deck out in bell - bottom and sandal there be something about the way she carry herself that be older ; wiser ; sadder . she walk into a closeup and scan the driveway . reflected in she tiny , round lavender shade we see the circular driveway of the school jam - pack with bus and parental type in they m-series mercede and they Lexus suv . she sigh . we crane up , panning left . Holly walk to the edge of the street oblivious to the mayhem . she look up and down the street then slowly drop she backpack and sit down on the curb . she pull a well - wear copy of William Gibson 's neuromancer from she backpack , and turn up the raging electronica from she walkman . dissolve to : 46 . 62 same scene - later 62 now there be much less pandemonium . no more bus . we crane down to a medium of Holly still in the exact same spot . Holly sigh , pull back she headphone and grab she startac from she backpack . she open the phone and dial . 63 int . malibu house - day 63 the phone ring and we pan around the seemingly empty house , finally coming to rest on the back of the couch . we jib up and tilt down . Melissa be pass out in a pool of she own drool . the phone continue to ring . 47 . 64 ext . newton montessori school - day 64 Holly hit the phone and then press speed dial . we see " yellow cab " scroll across the phone . she hit " send . " man ( o.s. ) can I give you a lift ? holly look , creep , I do not think so -- she stand up , ready for a fight . and there , next to she be she father ; transformed . under he arm be a three - foot - tall stuff giraffe wrap with a big red bow . holly daddy ? ( recognition ) daddy ! she run to he and wrap she arm around he . stanley hey , sweetheart . holly daddy ... what be you do here ? I miss you so much . stanley I too , baby . I bring you something . he hold the stuff giraffe to she . holly oh , daddy . if Mom find out you be here she 's gonna have you throw back in jail . stanley it 's okay , baby . let I give you a ride home . he grab she stuff . stanley c'mon . he walk toward Ginger 's silver mercede clk which he 's borrow . Holly run and jump on he back . they laugh as he carry she to the car . 48 . 65 ext . malibu house - day 65 they sit in the clk , park down the street from Holly 's house . stanley you believe in I , right ? holly of course , but -- stanley I have find a way to get you back , sweetheart . it 's my one shot and I be take it . just give I a couple of day . holly ( cry ) I do not want anything else to happen to you , dad . stanley Holly , everything 's go to be okay . you just have to trust I . holly ( cry ) I love you , daddy . Holly quickly kiss he , jump out and run , cry , from the car at full speed , with the giraffe . stanley , tear roll down he face , slap the steering wheel , try to figure out how he screw up he life so badly . suddenly , the passenger door open and a man in a dark blue suit and fed-issue shade get in . stanley who the fuck be you ? dark suit # 1 ( flipping out he badge ) friend of a friend . let 's take a ride . he motion toward a black Taurus , now park across the street . in the back , he see a face he recognize . ( continued ) 49 . 65 continued : 65 closeup on robert back to stan stanley shit ... the man kinda smile at Stan . dark suit # 1 ( be a dick ) gotta suck to be you . stanley yep . stanley whacks the feed with he elbow across the bridge of he nose and jump out of the car . int . taurus Stan run across the hood of the Taurus and just jump over the railing . 66 ext . sheer cliff - day 66 we realize what Stan do probably be not the smartest move in the world . the cliff be just barely on this side of 90 degree and drop off about five hundred yard straight down to the pch . Stan fall in slow motion about thirty foot before the cliff face angle out enough to break he fall . he begin a combination of slide and tumble down the bluff . 67 ext . malibu house ( STREET ) - day 67 Roberts run to the railing and see stanley slide / fall down the hill . ( continued ) 50 . 67 continued : 67 robert ( to he man ) cut he off at the bottom . Roberts then hop the railing , as he man scramble for the car . 68 ext . sheer cliff - day 68 Roberts hang in mid-air a moment , then he too begin the roll fall down the hill . angle on stanley as he try to keep he balance , be be beat and batter by the sharp , rocky ground . finally , he shoot off a outcropping and free-falls for fifteen foot . then it really get bad . clear plastic sheet have be stretch across the hill to help control the erosion . to stanley however , it be the world 's large slip and slide . he be no longer able to control , even badly , he descent . now , he be fly down the cliff face , only the rock and bush that slam into he body , slow the descent . Roberts , above he , be do little better . long shot on cliff face as Stan and Roberts slide toward the eight lane of blaze afternoon traffic on the pch . finally , Stan bounce onto the black - top road . he run headlong into the traffic . car screech , horn blaring , as they slide into each other . stanley do not lose the single - minded focus of escape . Roberts , now at the bottom himself , watch as a car slide sideways into Stan , flipping he over it . Stan , not stop to feel the pain , run across the hood of a freshly - stop car . 51 . 69 ext . beach - day 69 on the other side , Stan run down to the beach and run down the sand at full - tilt , look for any escape route . Roberts have make up some time due to the auto-pedestrian accident which slowed he down a little . Stan however be faster . Stan do he best Jerry Rice , as he run down the beach at full speed . suddenly , the Taurus come tear - ass across the beach at stanley . Stan veer , now run through the surf . the Taurus veer as well , and Stan be force to slide across the hood to keep from get whacked . the Taurus break leave , and slide further into the surf . the FBI driver hit the accelerator and bog the Taurus down , tire spin , throw sand . Stan continue to run as Roberts make it to the Taurus . robert fuck this . he pull he .40 cal . from he shoulder holster and fire it into the air . Roberts bend over try to catch he breath . stanley stop , put he hand up . dark suit # 2 why do not you do that earlier , sir ? Roberts look at the agent . dark suit # 2 sorry , sir . robert go get he . Three of the agent bring stanley over . Stan slide down by the back wheel . robert what be you do in L.A. , Stan ? stanley ( catch he breath ) vacation ... ( continued ) 52 . 69 continued : 69 robert why be you run ? we just want to talk . stanley be you arrest I ? robert for violate you parole by leave Texas without permission or for evade a federal agent and almost get I kill in the process ? Stan just look at he . robert no , I be not . stanley then why be we talk ? robert do not know the court lift the sanction prevent you from see you daughter . stanley fuck you . robert you just want to cut through the pleasantry and get down to business ? Fine . I can help you with you daughter , Stan . help I , I will help you . stanley you will have to forgive I , the fact that you put I in jail for 18 month do not inspire a lot of trust . robert whether I agree with what you do or not , you break the law , stanley . stanley I guess we be both do what we have to . this be a nice trip down memory lane , but if you be not arrest I ... ( continued ) 53. 69 continued : ( 2 ) 69 robert so , why be it you be in L.A. again ? stanley I tell you -- robert -- vacation . that 's right . ya know it 's funny . axl torvald be just here for a vacation , too . be not it odd that the two best hacker in the world be here at the same time . stanley I be a sucker for disneyland . ( get up ) tell torvald I say hello . robert if you be not careful you can tell he yourself . he 's dead . stanley look at Roberts . robert ( to he man ) give he a card . they do . Stan look at it . robert in case you think of anything else you want to tell I . Stan turn to walk off . stanley ( to the agent he elbow ) sorry about you nose . robert hey , Stan . Stan turn . robert you know , you be in way over you head here . ( continued ) 54 . 69 continued : ( 3 ) 69 stanley ( walk off ) I know . robert it 's a long walk back up the hill , stanley . you want we to give you a lift ? Stan lift he middle finger behind he and begin the long journey back up the hill . Roberts collapse into the passenger seat . robert follow he . random agent yessir . closeup on robert watch Stan walk away . CUT to : 70 int . gabriel be house - ginger be room - day 70 Ginger walk in and close the door . she walk over to the dresser and take off she earring . then she reach under she dress and unVelcros the modify 10mm . Glock and its thigh holster , drop it on the dresser . she then pull off the hip , little designer dress she be wear , revealing the fact that she be wear a tiny transmit receiver tape between she breast . she stare at herself in the mirror for a moment , then slowly start to untape the bug . stanley ( o.s. ) I have to hand it to you , Ginger . you look good wear anything . even a wire . Ginger grab she Glock and spin around , the holster drop away with the touch of a button . she level it on the dark corner of the room where stanley sit wait , drink a bottle of Gabriel 's expensive wine . stanley you gonna kill I ? ( continued ) 55 . 70 continued : 70 ginger I be think . ( beat ) what be you do here , stanley ? stanley I should probably ask you the same question . he lean forward into the light . ginger what happen to you ? stanley Little accident . ( toss she she key ) sorry about you car . I have have a pretty shitty day so far . look like it just get worse . ( beat ) who be you , Ginger ? ginger I can not tell you . stanley ( incredulous ) you can not tell I ? well , that 's just fuckin ' peachy . ginger think , stanley . stanley ( loudly ) who be you ? ginger he will kill I . CUT to : int . hallway Gabriel walk down hallway . ( continued ) 56 . 70 continued : ( 2 ) 70 int . gabriel house - ginger be room - day stanley that 's not my problem , be it ? you be ask for a lot of faith here , ging , without givin ' I any . you -- ginger -- stanley -- stanley -- bring I into this mess -- ginger ( pleadingly ) -- stanley -- stanley -- I deserve to know who 's play I , Ginger . ( hit each word ) who the fuck be you ? CUT to : int . hallway - angle on gabriel near Ginger 's room . int . gabriel be house - ginger be room - day ginger ( quietly ) I be d.e.a. , stanley . Stan and Ginger hold a moment , as : gabriel ( o.s. ) Ginger ...? stanley , in one quick think movement , rip the wire from Ginger 's chest and fling it behind the bed just as the door swing open . Gabriel stand stare at they . Ginger topless , weapon in hand and stanley who look like he have the shit kick out of he . Ginger and stanley both stare at he . gabriel well , ging , do not this look friendly . ( continued ) 56A . 70 continued : ( 2a ) 70 ginger I be a friendly girl . stanley look at Ginger for a beat . stanley actually ... Ginger stare at stanley , who turn to look at Gabriel . Gabriel look at Stan , wait . stanley think maybe you would like to see I get you you hydra . gabriel get ? ( continued ) 57 . 70 continued : ( 3 ) 70 Stan walk toward Gabriel . stanley c'mon . Gabriel walk into the hall . stanley look back at Ginger who mouth the word " thank you . " stanley ignore she . Ginger reach down and grab a shirt off the bed . gabriel ( o.s. ) you look like shit . Ginger kick you ass ? stanley ( o.s. ) ( deadpan ) funny . Ginger sigh and toss she gun onto the bed , then follow they . 71 int . gabriel be house - live room - day 71 stanley , look a little rough , sit in front of the huge array of flat - panel . he work quickly . the nitrogen system , a array of hose wind across the live room floor , intermittently shoot jets of gas upwards , drop the temperature to a livable 85 degree . Gabriel sit next to Stan . Ginger walk in . she stand behind Stan as he work . ginger miss I ? stanley terribly . computer the screen show the MIT University logo . then " access denied . " his finger work the keyboard . CUT to : 72 int . MIT basement - night 72 as he talk , we track down a old , concrete stairwell and down a long , dank hallway . ( continued ) 58 . 72 continued : 72 stanley ( v.o. ) my senior year at m.i.t. , I create the source code for the worm that I have be use for year . we track around a corner . stanley ( v.o. ) in the basement and through a file room be the only p.d.p. - 10 still active and on the internet , although only a few people know this . it 's a i.t.s. machine and keep online just for historical sake . I hide my worm inside it where no one would ever think to look . we dolly into a closeup on a large , ominous , dark mainframe . 73 closeup on stanley' finger 73 hit a key . 74 angle on pdp - 10 74 as it hum to life . 75 closeup on computer screen 75 as it fill with line of code . angle on stan who turn around , a cocky grin on he face , like a proud parent , she smile at he . Gabriel walk in . stanley now I just have to modify the code . ginger he 's fuck amazing . gabriel yes he be . ( continued ) 59 . 75 continued : 75 she run she hand affectionately across the side of he head and walk out . gabriel I see you have a groupie . stanley ( ignore that ) you know , it would be a lot simpler if you would tell I exactly what the hydra be go to be use for ? push in on Gabriel as he think about it . 76 int . lamborghini - moving - day 76 gabriel have you hear of operation swordfish ? stanley nope . 77 ext . starbucks - day 77 the lamborghini pull up in front of a Starbucks . gabriel you will appreciate the irony here -- Gabriel get out of the car , still talk . stanley follow . gabriel -- in the early eighties the d.e.a. set up a network of dummy corporation as a government front to launder drug money and gather evidence . Problem be , the front company start make money . lot of money . by 1986 , when operation swordfish be terminate , there be close to 400 million dollar in the d.e.a. 's account . 78 int . starbucks - day 78 Gabriel and stanley walk through the door and sit down at a window table . ( continued ) 60 . 78 continued : 78 stanley money that just sorta disappear . gabriel it do not disappear . it just sit in that account earning interest , it 's be 15 year . you have any concept how much money we would be actually talk about today ? billion , brother . that 's nine zero . ( beat ) look , this be a sweet deal . we go in over phone line . pop the firewall , drop in the hydra , and just sit back and wait for the money . stanley before we can tap into the secure cluster , you have to find one of the bank on the backbone of this network . do you know how many bank there be in the u.s.? it could take year . gabriel no problem . ( beat ) look behind you , Stan . stanley turn and look out the window . they be sit directly across from the World banc . 79 ext . gabriel be house - long shot 79 Gabriel and stanley walk toward the house . the camera pan left and we can now see Gabriel 's house , poolside . we pull back , through a window into : 80 int . trailer - day 80 a small trailer across the canyon from Gabriel 's house . robert who be he ? FBI computer geek # 1 we do not know that yet , sir . ( continued ) 61 . 80 continued : 80 FBI computer geek # 2 there 's definitely something go on . there be two t-5 trunk go into the house . that 's serious bandwidth . thermal scope indicate a huge heat - load in the main live area . could be from mainframe , although they must have a genny ' cause power consumption be right on par . FBI agent # 1 some of this fellow might be dress in armani , but they definitely have the swagger of ex - military . maybe bodyguard but they seem more like merc to I . FBI computer geek # 1 from here we be have trouble pin any of they down . sure would be nice to task a satellite , sir . robert I be work on it . send what you have up - line , maybe we will have one by the end of the week . Roberts walk out of the trailer . 80a int . gabriel be house - day 80 a stanley work at the computer . 80b int . trailer - day 80b Roberts look out the window through a camera with a huge lens . 80c long lens Pov 80c Gabriel stand by the pool , he back toward US . slowly , Gabriel turn around . he be stare directly at US . 80d int . trailer - day 80d Roberts instinctively jerk he head up . slowly he look back into the eyepiece . ( continued ) 62 . 80d continued : 80d robert who the hell be that ? he press the switch and the camera' shutter whirl . 81 int . senator reisman' house ( WASHINGTON d.c . ) - day 81 kaplan Senator . senator reisman Close the door . he do . kaplan we have a problem . ( walk toward desk ) look at this . Kaplan spread out the surveillance photo on the desk . the Senator look up at Kaplan . 82 omitted 82 83 int . reisman' house - day 83 reisman , who now stand in a windowless room . the only furniture be a desk on which rest a small laptop and what appear to be a speaker . a operator sit at the desk , while Kaplan hover in the b.g . reisman we have he yet ? communication ( operator ) he 's come online now , sir . ready . as reisman speak the communication guy type . reisman we have a problem -- 84 int . gabriel be house - day 84 Gabriel and Marco sit at the same type of apparatus , a merc at the laptop . reisman 's dialogue come out of the speaker , but it be no longer reisman , it be a computerize voice . ( continued ) 63. 84 continued : 84 reisman ( v.o . ) -- seem you have get yourself in a predicament . gabriel I be not exactly follow you . 85 int . reisman' house - day 85 reisman transfer the picture . 86 int . gabriel be house - day 86 Gabriel look at the surveillance photo as they come up . we intercut as they speak . gabriel ( irritate but respectful ) Senator , I sincerely hope you do not contact I and jeopardize the safety of I and my man for this . reisman goddamn right I do . you know where I get that ? from the deputy director of the f.b.i . he think I might be interested . gabriel Sir , with all due respect . do you think there be any aspect of this operation I be not fully aware of ? reisman we be abort the operation and secure alternative mean of finance elsewhere . gabriel what ? reisman we be abort this operation . take a vacation . gabriel a vacation ? have I ever fail you , sir ? ( continued ) 64 . 86 continued : 86 reisman that 's not the point . gabriel it 's my point . Senator , this operation be go forward . reisman you understand what you be say ? gabriel everything be under control . he disconnect . 87 int . reisman' house - day 87 reisman turn to Kaplan . reisman ( regretful ) do it . terminate the vortex . kaplan yessir. ( beat ) Sir , he do work for we . reisman Excuse we . ( as the communication guy leave ) Son , let 's say you have a 200 - pound rottweiler . he love you , and it 's he job to protect you . but if he ever bite you , even once , you gotta put he down . you can not have a uncontrollable weapon run uncheck in you back yard . he become a liability . you never know who he might bite next . kaplan yessir , I understand . 88 int . gabriel be house - live room - night 88 stanley work at the keyboard . he reach for he glass of wine and it be empty . he grab the bottle . it , too , have be drain . he sigh and walk into the kitchen . 65 . 89 int . gabriel be house - kitchen - night 89 Stan walk to the fridge . open the door . no wine . he sigh . he close the door and walk off toward the wine cellar . 90 int . gabriel be house - wine cellar - night 90 in the wine cellar , Stan look around . he open one door , close it . he open another , same thing . the third , he pull out a bottle . keeps it . he pull on another door and it be lock . he pull again . nothing . the glass door of the temperature - control reach - in wine cooler be opaque with condensation . he bend close . stanley swipe off the condensation inch from he nose . extreme closeup - on face lean against the glass from the other side . it 's Gabriel 's . angle on stanley stanley fuck !! he drop the bottle of wine . crash , it shatter . reverse angle Gabriel 's body be wedge into the 32 - degree white wine cooler . stanley Jesus Christ ! stanley look at the body for a moment , realize something really bad be go on and haul ass upstairs . 91 int . gabriel be house - live room - night 91 stanley run around the corner . Gabriel be stand in the doorway , directly in front of stanley . Stan damn near fall down . gabriel Stan ? Stan can not say a word . ( continued ) 66 . 91 continued : 91 gabriel what 's wrong , stanley , you look like you have see a ghost ? Gabriel look in and see the empty wine bottle at the computer station . gabriel c'mon , stanley . let 's talk . stanley ( uneasy ) okay ... gabriel let 's go . stanley why can not we talk here ? gabriel ' Cause I do not want to talk to you in the house , stanley . Gabriel walk out . stanley slowly follow . gabriel let 's go . Stan slowly follow . 92 int . lamborghini - moving - night 92 gabriel how you do , stanley ? stanley ( obviously not fine ) Fine . gabriel something you need to say to I ? stanley ( freak ) what the hell be go on here ? gabriel ( totally cool ) you know anything about Harry houdini ? Stan definitely do not get the point . ( continued ) 67 . 92 continued : 92 gabriel he use to make a elephant disappear in a theater full of people . you know how he do it ? Gabriel unwrap a piece of gum -- stanley how ? -- and stick the piece in he mouth . gabriel misdirection . Gabriel whip right down a side street and drop the hammer . he blow through a stop sign , then another . car crash . he be calm , cool , but continue to glance in he rearview mirror . stanley what be you do ? gabriel we have a tail . ( beat ) hope you have a light lunch , Stan . Gabriel slide leave into a alley , get it under control and scream toward the other side . a black suburban pull up , close off the alley . he slide to a stop and slam it into reverse . backward at 60 - plus mile per hour . gabriel hold the wheel . Gabriel reach in the passenger floorboard and pull up a duffel bag . he unzip it , and withdraw what the Marines call a saw -- a belgian - design machine gun , compact but with 1500 round of swiss cheese action per minute , powerful enough for the U.S. to replace the m - 60 . stanley shit , it 's block . Gabriel look behind they , another black suburban have block they in . the one from the other side and a third come toward they down the alley . gabriel keep it straight . ( continued ) 68 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 the speedometer needle be peg at 0 as they scream backwards . Gabriel unfold the stock and then withdraw a 100 - round box wrap in white tape and print with ap . he clip it and pull back the bolt . he grab the wheel from Stan . gabriel it 's just rough when you grow up lovin ' James bond movie . do not worry , stanley , it will be over soon . angle on lambo as the Diablo slam backwards into the suburban at sixty mph . bam . Gabriel unbuckle himself and stand up through the open roof and unload full - auto into the suburban . the armor - pierce shell penetrate the armalite glass , ripping the occupant to shred . Gabriel turn , firing at the other suburban . gabriel drive , drive ! stanley slide under Gabriel as Gabriel step into the passenger side . the wheel spin , the lambo be wedge under the suburban . gabriel go , go ! Gabriel continue to blast full - auto , tear the suburban to shrapnel . stanley I be ! finally the mortally wounded but still kick lamborghini tear free of the suburban and rocket head - on toward the other . stanley drive like a maniac . Gabriel rip it on full - auto , meatloaf the driver . the suburban veer into the wall . smack . stanley whip beside it and Gabriel strafe down the side , open it up . Stan whip right onto a main street . ( continued ) 69 . 92 continued : ( 3 ) 92 more suburban head at they . Stan scream leave into another alley . through the cross street whipping by at 100 mph , we see suburban parallel to they . Stan crank he wheel right . stanley shit ! gabriel ( change out a clip ) keep you cool , stanley . the lambo roll to a stop and Gabriel hop out , run at the suburban . after a moment of all - out GI joe-style blitzkrieg , it 's over . Gabriel walk to a body lie in the street . he turn over the body and look at the face . gabriel goddamit . I know it . Gabriel walk back to one of the burn suburban where stanley stand . gabriel get in the fuck car , stanley . stanley I be not go anywhere until you tell I what 's go on . Gabriel pull out he h&amp ; k , point it at stanley . gabriel you be on my good side and you want to stay there . stanley , I like you , but do not confuse kindness with weakness . so , get in the fuckin ' car . I need my hydra . fade to black . fade in : 93 omitted 93 70 . 94 int . gabriel be house - live room - night 94 stanley be work at he terminal . ginger stanley ? you alright ? stanley what do you think ? I just watch that maniac murder ten man in the street . I be just fuck great . it do not matter if I get my daughter back if I be dead . even if I do survive this , who 's gonna keep I out of jail ? you ? she walk over to he and kneel down , place she hand on he leg , look up at he . ginger I will not let anything happen to you , stanley . you have to trust I . stanley trust you ? two hour ago I find out you be d.e.a . the fed be crawl up my ass and there 's a dead body in the basement that look just like Gabriel . she do not move . ginger stanley , if we do not find out who he 's work for then we be just go to have to do this all over again . stanley you little slush fund be not my problem . I be pull the plug on this rodeo . Roberts may be a asshole , but he be definitely the lesser of the two evil . ginger I have be work on this thing for eight month , and I will not let some jarhead feed fuck up my operation . please , I know what I be do . ( continued ) 71 . 94 continued : 94 ginger c'mon , stanley . you have twelve hour . do what he want . finish the worm . stanley you be start to sound just like he . they look at each other . stanley turn toward the computer screen . fade to black . fade in : 95 omitted 95 &amp ; &amp ; 96 96 97 closeup - fly -fishing reel 97 as it quickly unwind . ext . river - morning reisman , dress in you average , fly-fish garb , stand in the shallow water of a wide river , think he have contain the situation , be do what he enjoy most . he rewind the reel and flick it out again ; the hook sail into the distance . a huge cohiba cigar hang from he satisfied grin . faintly , we hear the whine of machinery . Jim hear it , too , odd since we be so far in the boony . he look around , then up and we push in to a closeup . reisman' Pov a evil - look , camouflage gunship suddenly crest the hill directly above he , rotors thumping . back to scene reisman ducking , he cigar fall from he mouth , have to fight to hold on to he ridiculous fishing hat . ( continued ) 72 . 97 continued : 97 angle from above helicopter Water spray everywhere as it hover . slowly it drift over to the bank and lower where it touch down briefly , the side door slide open . angle ( slow motion ) as Gabriel step out and walk toward we . the copter lift off behind he . back to scene reisman drop he rod and dig into the fishing box at he right . Gabriel saunter toward he as the helicopter disappear over the rise . reisman be not happy . gabriel ( sniff in air ) ahh , the great american outdoors . I will never understand the appeal of fly - fishing , Jim . a little too much like masturbation for I , without the payoff . Gabriel look around , suddenly realize something . gabriel this 's a catch - and -release stream , be not it ? reisman that 's right . Gabriel start to laugh . reisman do not catch the joke . gabriel oh c'mon , Jim . you gotta see the irony in the chairman of the Joint sub-committee on crime , fishing in a catch - and -release stream . closeup - reisman grimace , not think it be funny . ( continued ) 73. 97 continued : ( 2 ) 97 wider gabriel how could you do it , Jim ? after all we have sacrifice . all the blood , all the death ... I have change my identity so many time , I do not even know what I look like anymore . how could you turn on I when we be so close ? reisman you do this to yourself . gabriel you bring I in to get the job do and you do not want to know about the consequence . reisman the f.b.i. be watch you -- gabriel I tell you there be nothing that I be unaware of -- reisman that 's why we be here . you be too arrogant , too aggressive -- gabriel you have misplace you loyalty , Senator . you have sell America out . I be a patriot , and patriotism do not have a four- year shelf life . unfortunately , politician do . Gabriel pull out he h&amp ; k , dangle it by he side . reisman ( arrogantly ) and what be you go to do with that ? gabriel Thomas jefferson once shot a man on the White House lawn for treason , Senator . you try to execute I in the name of politics , now I execute you in the name of the people . Gabriel shoot reisman in the chest . he fall into the water . 74 . 98 int . gabriel be house - live room - morning 98 stanley continue to work . Marco walk in . marco you be up , mate . stanley great . marco get you shit , we be headin ' out . his hand fly across the computer key , he slide in a zip disk , transfer the file , and run for the door . 99 ext . gabriel be house - morning 99 outside , Marco wait in he black porsche turbo ready to roll . stanley walk out of the house . 100 omitted 100 through through 103a 103a 103b int . parking garage ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - night 103b a snazzy , sweat - suite Kaplan walk out to he shiny new silver porsche , racquet ball racquet flipping in hand . he 's so downright happy in he confidence that he be on the fast track to political valhalla , due to he handle of this Gabriel shear debacle , he be whistling . he click the porsche key , unlock the driver 's door , toss in he racquet and climb in . 103c int . kaplan' porsche - night 103c he shut the door and slide the key into the ignition . before he crank it , he catch himself in the rearview and wink at himself . smiling , he turn the key . boom . the claymore mine hide under he seat rip the car apart , shrapnel tear upward through he body and out the roof . 75 . 103d int . parking garage ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - night 103d the thousand piece of shrapnel divet the concrete ceiling and then bounce across the parking garage floor . 104 ext . downtown theater - morning 104 stanley be get out of Marco 's car . Gabriel walk out of the theater back door . gabriel ( over shoulder ) make sure that bus do not top out over fifteen -seven . merc ( o.s. ) yessir . Gabriel turn and see stanley . gabriel Stan , how be you ? stanley Fine . gabriel have you finish ? Stan pull out the zip disk and hand it to Gabriel who dial he cell phone . gabriel here . stanley what ? ( into phone ) hello . operator ( v.o. ) hello , Mr. jobson . this be kristine jorgenson of credit suisse in Grand Cayman . ( more ) ( continued ) 76 . 104 continued : 104 operator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I need to verify you new account information and have you choose a personal password . stanley why ? operator ( v.o. ) Mr. jobson , there have just be a transfer of ten million U.S. dollar into you account . Stan look at Gabriel who smile . gabriel just like I promise , stanley . stanley then let I go . I want to see my daughter . gabriel soon , stanley . walk with I . 105 ext . alley - morning 105 gabriel I be about to do something against my better judgement . I be go to tell you something I never tell anyone . I be go to tell you who I be . stanley do not bother . I know who you be . gabriel do you ? you think I be a bank robber . really , I be just like you . stanley like I ? you be a murderer . gabriel that I be . and worse . much worse . I be force to operate on a different plane than you . but , I have ethic . rule to which I must adhere . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 . 105 continued : 105 gabriel ( cont 'd ) 200 year ago Thomas jefferson write a letter to madison because he be concerned that the freedom of the constitution would be ignore . stanley I do not understand why the fuck you be tell I this . gabriel listen to I and you will . in the 1950s , armed with this letter , J. Edgar Hoover create a organization to protect the freedom of this country at all cost . stanley I do not care about any of this . all I care about be my daughter . gabriel I be talk about you daughter . stanley my daughter ... gabriel yes . you , you daughter and 200 million other Americans who take they freedom for grant . you do not understand what it take to protect that freedom . that 's my job , stanley , to protect you way of life at all cost . stanley so you and you band of lunatic be really steal all this money to protect I . gabriel that 's right , stanley -- he open the theatre door . gabriel -- ' cause war cost money . ( continued ) 78 . 105 continued : ( 2 ) 105 int . theatre - morning Stan inside . it 's as if he 's just teleport into Beirut . weapon , hummer , a huge armored bus be jack up at one end of the theatre . Gabriel 's man go about readying themselves . one of the merc walk over to Gabriel to show a modify electronic dog collar . stanley ( realization hit he ) you be go into the fuck bank . gabriel that 's what I be tell you , stanley . we be at war . stanley War ? who be we at war with ? gabriel anyone who infringe on America 's freedom . terrorist ' state , stanley . someone must take they war to they . they bomb a church , we bomb ten . they hijack a plane , we take out a airport . they execute american tourist , we tactically nuke a entire city . we must make terrorism so horrific that it become unthinkable to attack Americans . stanley I be out . I be not do this . you be insane . gabriel maybe . I want you to do this because you want to , because we need man like you , but we time table 's be move up . just relax and it will all be over in twenty - four hour . you be rich , stanley . pretty soon Holly and you will be bask in the sun on the deck of some eighty - foot scarab , eat bon bon and live the good life . he turn to walk off . stanley look around . he spot a generator and move toward it . stanley reach down to the power board on the generator and give a large dial a twist . ( continued ) 79 . 105 continued : ( 3 ) 105 suddenly , the hundred of light in the rack begin to arc . in a shower of glass they start exploding from the huge amperage shoot through they from the generator . Gabriel turn to see Stan stand next to the generator . he move toward he just as the room go black . in a moment the secondary light come up . no stanley . gabriel ( to himself ) pretty slick . marco ( walk over ) you want to send a team after he ? gabriel no . he will be back . we gotta move . load up . intercut with : 106 ext . STREET ( somewhere in santa monica ) - morning 106 early morning in Los Angeles . people go peacefully about they early morning business . suddenly , three red , white and blue hummer crest a hill and tear toward we down the street . halfway down the street , they veer right , jump the curb , and smash through the front plate -glass window of the World banc . 107 int . cab - morning 107 stanley ride in the back of a cab as the cab haul ass to he ex- wife 's house . 108 int . bank - morning 108 as the hummer roll through the furniture and fly glass , the side door fling open and well - dress man in italian suit and sunglass jump out . customer scream and try to flee but be quickly corral with machine gun burst . 80- 85 . 109 ext . STREET ( somewhere in santa monica ) - morning 109 a red ferrari f50 whip around the corner at light speed , scream down the street toward we and screech to a halt outside the bank . it shift into reverse and slowly back over the curb and into the bank . a huge armored bus roll down the street , through two park car , and up onto the sidewalk , effectively sealing off the front of the glass bank . merc begin welding metal plate around the armored bus . we hear the approach siren of a fleet of cop car . 86 . 110 ext . malibu house - morning 110 the cab pull up in front of Melissa 's house . stanley jump out and run up to the front door . 111 int . bank - morning 111 several of the merc finish put some sort of collar on several hostage , include a young , normally good - look - but-now -cover - in-mascara , whimper blonde girl . 112 int . malibu house - morning 112 stanley bust into she house . in the live room , Melissa and the infamous Larry the porn King be both face - down in a pool of blood . Stan freak . he run from room to room yell Holly 's name . the house be desert . stanley burst through the door into Holly 's room . the room be empty and in disarray . closeup - stanley as he look out the window toward LA and pull out Roberts ' card . fade to black . black screen superimpose : friday , october 18 8:45:33 ... 34 ... 35 fade in : 113 int . bank 113 through glass door , we see the woman slam into the lock door . the swat guy pull she into the street . 114 ext . STREET 114 kaboom !!! the explosion rip the swat guy and the girl from the beginning apart . this time we see it from another angle . ball bearing ricochet against the plate steel of the bank . 87 . 115 ext . starbucks coffee shop - low shot - day 115 as the ball bearing bounce across the street and tap against the coffee shop . 116 int . starbucks coffee shop ( slow motion ) - day 116 everyone in the coffee shop look at each other like , " what the fuck just happen ? " 117 ext . starbucks coffee shop - day 117 as ball bearing roll back into the street . 118 int . bank - day 118 stanley be stand in the bank . Three merc in donna Karen suit point modify m - 16 at he head . he stare at the ground , shaking he head . Gabriel toss he frappacino against the wall . gabriel get that son-of - a-bitch on the phone . Gabriel walk towards the window , slinging he fn - fal , and pull on he headset . a.d. Joy answer . gabriel if you need to test my resolve then God help you . you have 25 minute . that plane better be on the runway . he click off . he turn to Stan . gabriel get my money , stanley . stanley not until I see my daughter . Gabriel snap he finger and a ballistic cloth duffel bag be throw to Gabriel . Gabriel be very unhappy . he look at stanley who be terrify of its content . closeup - duffel bag as he unzip it . ( continued ) 88. 118 continued : 118 back to stanley stanley almost can not bear to look . closeup - duffel bag as Gabriel slowly reach in and ... pull out we buddy the giraffe . wider stanley 's heart almost stop . he sigh as Gabriel toss he the giraffe . gabriel do you really think I want it to come to this . do you ? I be not a psychopath , stanley , but I tell you , I will sacrifice as many life as it take to protect we country , include my own . ( beat ) now get I my money . stanley will you let Holly go once you have the money ? gabriel both of you . you have my word , stanley . c'mon . they walk past a merc sit at a desk , a laptop open in front of he . Marco be pay very close attention to Stan . 119 int . bank - day 119 a merc sit at a desk with three laptop and four tiny extra monitor , all wire into a large bundle of cable that run across the floor . gabriel we okay ? the merc look up . on the monitor and laptop screen be present- time shot of all angle of the building and the surround area . the image constantly change as the merc toggle through the image . ( continued ) 88a . 119 continued : ( A1 ) 119 marco look at the cover pattern they have set up . the right hand do not know what the leave 's do . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 . 119 continued : 119 marco ( cont 'd ) look at this bozo . if the shit drop , he 's gonna cap he buddy in the back of the head . idiot . stanley sit down at the computer console and bring up the bank 's mainframe . stanley I need the disk . a merc hand it to he and stanley slide it in the computer . his hand work quickly . 120 int . coffee shop - day 120 it be 9:15 . dissolve to : 121 int . bank - day 121 now it be 9:35 . stanley almost do . suddenly the light flicker , Stan 's screen blank out momentarily , then blaze back to life , he code scramble . Stan instinctively jerk he hand away from the keyboard . stanley whoa ! what the hell just happen ? Gabriel look at the light as they flicker back on , the huge portable generator spring to life . gabriel they just cut the power . forget it . how long to transfer the money ? stanley couple of minute . which account ? gabriel National Bank of Zurich . spread it evenly over this account . it will not be there that long . ( continued ) 90 . 121 continued : 121 stanley ( dryly ) great . gabriel good job , stanley , I get someone who want to see you . they bring Holly out . stanley Holly ! stanley grab she and pull she close to he . stanley be you okay ? Holly nod yes . stanley and Holly be escort toward the door . Gabriel stand in front , hold he fn - fal . he be speak in french to several of the merc . gabriel hold up . stanley stop . Gabriel walk down the step and unhook Holly 's collar . Stan be about to freak . gabriel ( to stanley ) told you I be a man of my word , stanley . he walk back . Marco unlock the door . stanley and Holly look at each other . Holly start to cry . stanley it 's okay . I love you , baby . Marco stare at stanley as they walk out . marco see ya around . stanley I doubt it . he start to walk out ... cypher merc # 3 Sir , the money just disappear . gabriel what ? ( continued ) 91 . 121 continued : ( 2 ) 121 cypher merc # 3 the money , it 's go . Gabriel turn around to look at stanley . we zoom into a closeup . he 's piss . gabriel what do you mean , go ? wider we see stanley . he look like he just get catch with he hand in the cookie jar . stanley shit ! run , Holly ! gabriel get she ! Marco pull he assault rifle but stanley waylay he . they both hit the ground . 122 ext . bank - day 122 Holly haul ass into the street . once the FBI swat guy see she be off the sidewalk , they scoop she up . 123 int . bank 123 Gabriel jerk out he weapon and jam it against Stan 's head as he and Marco roll around on the ground . stanley wo not do you any good . the money jump every 60 second from one numbered account to another and will for the next ten year . ' course it be not suppose to happen for another six hour . the power surge must have scramble the internal clock . but , you kill I and you never get a single dollar . Gabriel ease up , wheel spin at million of rpm . ( continued ) 92 . 123 continued : 123 stanley you let the hostage go and then I will tell you where and when you can extract the money . we all walk away , nobody get hurt . the account be encrypt with a 1024 bit cipher . even I can not break through the fire wall . it 's my act of God policy . ( beat ) deal ? gabriel I be think . a very tense moment pass . Gabriel look around . he have a idea . gabriel tell ya what . no deal . Marco pull a length of towing cable from one of the hummer 's winch and throw the line over one of the 30 - foot-high ceiling buttress . Gabriel grab the cable as it come down as two merc rush in and grab stanley , one place a knife to he throat . gabriel Marco ! grab agent sculley ! Marco grab Ginger and drag she kick , fight , over to where Gabriel stand , brandish the cable . stanley no , do not do this . stanley struggle like there be no tomorrow . Gabriel hook the end into a noose with the tow hook , and put it over Ginger 's head , pull it taut around she neck . he cut the cable - tie loose . she dig at they with she finger . two merc rush in and grab stanley , one place a knife to he throat . stanley struggle like there be no tomorrow . ( continued ) 93. 123 continued : ( 2 ) 123 gabriel in all reality , Stan , she have you to thank for this . that first night in Prague you break the d.o.d. database that contain she true identity . she 's d.e.a. , Stan , but without you , I never would have know . stanley ( freaking ) what be you do ? stop ! gabriel string up the d.e.a. bitch . Marco hit the power switch . Ginger be yank up into the air , hang twenty foot above the floor . stanley just let she down . I will do whatever you want . gabriel then get I my money , Stan . stanley look up at Ginger , valiantly struggle for she life . stanley I be not do shit until you bring she down . I be serious . let she down . now ! gabriel okay . Gabriel yank out he .40 cal . h&amp ; k , turn and shoot the hang Ginger . stanley nooo ... stanley look at she lifeless body as they lower she . he look up at Gabriel and run at he . Gabriel slap he in the throat , spin he , and grab Stan around the neck in the crook of he arm . ( continued ) 94 . 123 continued : ( 3 ) 123 gabriel ( close and very serious ) take a moment , big guy . do not make I put you in a wheelchair . in the b.g. two merc zip Ginger 's body into a black body bag and carry she out . stanley you do not have to kill she . gabriel I do not Stan , you do . but we be not do yet . ( to Marco ) Marco ... Marco yank a seventeen - year- old girl up from the floor and put a gun to she head . gabriel there be a lot of hostage here . I care about Ginger , can you imagine what I could do to someone I do not care about . how long before the money jump ? stanley sixty second . gabriel they better hope you install a back door or it could be a long day . somebody get I a laptop . a laptop appear . Gabriel hand it to stanley and nod to the merc who drop he . stanley drop to he knee , place the computer on the ground . stanley have logge onto the net via modem and we hear that familiar pulse as he do . he connect onto a encrypt site on the net . his finger hum over the key . computer merc ( look at a screen ) money just jump . gabriel ( look at he watch ) okay , Stan . sixty second . ( continued ) 95 . 123 continued : ( 4 ) 123 sweat roll down stanley 's face as he work on the machine . number scroll across the screen . five column of number scroll . gabriel forty -five second , stanley . stanley I need another laptop , logge on ! he try to keep from look up at the cry hostage . the column decrease . another laptop appear . gabriel twenty second , Stan . his finger still fly . Three column now . he work on the other laptop with he right hand . gabriel Fifteen . she 's gonna die , stanley . stanley shut up ! two . then one . stanley c'mon , c'mon . it scroll down to one number . gabriel ten . the home page for Grand Cayman banc appear on the other laptop . " account number " appear . gabriel nine ... eight ... Seven . stanley have type in the account number and access the account . he fly through the transfer information . account balance . 6.9 billion dollar . stanley I need you account number . someone hand he a legal pad . he type it in . gabriel four , three , two ... ( continued ) 96 . 123 continued : ( 5 ) 123 " transfer ? " -- " yes " -- transferring . gabriel one . stanley let she go . stanley jump up and run over to Marco . Gabriel put he gun to the back of stanley 's head . stanley now , goddammit , it 's do . let she go ! Gabriel look at one of he boy who be check it with a different laptop . he nod . Marco drop the girl . gabriel well , that be fun . a merc hold a cell phone . merc Joy say the plane be ready . gabriel well , ' bout time for we to leave . stanley they will never let you escape . you have go too far . gabriel au contraire . do you hear that ? ( beat ) that 's the sound of America watch . 123a ext . bus 123a we move up through the roof of the bank , the sky be fill with the thumping of news helicopter . 124 int . bus - day 124 they lead the hostage , include stanley , onto the bus . he be push down into the back . gabriel ( to the driver ) let 's roll . ( continued ) 96a . 124 continued : 124 the driver pull the door lever and it close . the bus pull into gear and slowly move forward . the cop and FBI agent just stare vacantly at the bus . 124a omitted 124a 125 int . starbucks coffee shop - day 125 robert you just gonna let they drive the fuck on outta here ? ( continued ) 97 . 125 continued : 125 a.d. joy there be not a free cop in a hundred mile that be not on he ass . he want a plane . he will get a plane . 125a ext . santa monica airport - day 125a a g5 sit wait on the tarmac . swat team move in to cover position around it . 125b int . starbucks coffee shop - day 125b a.d. joy he will not get away . we will take they at the airport . let 's go . they exit . Roberts toss the paper he be read down on the table and walk out , shaking he head . closeup - newspaper the headline read , " U.S. senator jame reisman ( georgia ) found dead , victim of freak fishing accident . " 125c ext . starbucks coffee shop - day 125c Joy and agent Thomas jump in a wait car , ready to head toward the airport . Roberts watch they , then com - mandeer another vehicle , tear ass after the bus . 126 ext . bus - day 126 the bus roll down the street . slowly one by one , car with flash light after car with flash light pull up behind it until a convoy rivaling that of the sugarland Express have build up . chopper drop out of the air , shadow the bright yellow school bus . 126a ext . bus - day 126a Gabriel 's voice boom from speaker on the exterior of the bus . gabriel ( v.o. ) I do not think any of we want a repeat of this morning . keep at least a hundred yard from this bus at all time and I want the airspace for five mile clear . 98 . 127 int . bus - moving - day 127 gabriel ( drop the mic and turn to the hostage ) lady and gentleman , we will be in you life for approximately 55 more minute . this bus have just become you new yard . so sit back , think happy thought , and this will be over before you can say ' cat in the hat . ' Gabriel , smile , turn to stanley . gabriel whaddaya think , stanley ? stanley you will never get away . even if they have to kill everyone on the bus . gabriel really ? five hundred buck say I do . tell ya what , stanley , I will even spot you the five bill . Gabriel walk to the front of the bus , put on a headset , and key a mic . 128 omitted 128 through through 132 132 99 . 133 int . bus - day 133 we be move through the city . behind the bus , a huge caravan of police car and swat truck follow . gabriel Stan , c'mere . Stan slide out of the seat and walk to the front with Gabriel . all the hostage ' eye be on he . at the front he look at Gabriel . gabriel take a look . cop block off side street as the convoy , ala the gauntlet , roll through l.a . Gabriel seem to be in complete control , despite be surround by every law enforcement officer within a hundred mile . 133a int . bus - day 133a Stan turn to Gabriel , angry . he grab he , push he . stanley how the fuck can you justify all this ? gabriel you be not look at the big picture . Gabriel push he backward against the hand rail . gabriel stanley , here 's a scenario . you have the power to cure all of the world 's disease . but the price for this be that you must kill a single , innocent child . could you kill that child to save the world ? stanley no. gabriel you disappoint I , stanley . it 's the great good . silence for several beat . stanley how about ten innocent ? ( continued ) 100 . 133a continued : 133a gabriel now you be get it . how about a hundred ? Gabriel become intense . gabriel how about a thousand ? not to save the world , but just to preserve we way of life . stanley no man have the right to make that decision . you be no different than any other terrorist . gabriel you be wrong , stanley . some man be put here to shape destiny , to protect freedom , despite the atrocity they must commit . I be one of that man . thousands die every day for no reason at all , where be you bleed heart for they ? you give you twenty dollar to greenpeace every year and think you be change the world . what country will harbor terrorist , when they realize the consequence of what I will do ? do you know I can buy nuclear warhead in minsk for forty million each ? I buy half a dozen , I even get a discount . the driver , look at he watch , say something to Gabriel in french . Gabriel reply to the driver , also in french . closeup - driver as the driver shift down . closeup - driver' foot press down the accelerator . ( continued ) 100a . 133a continued : ( 2 ) 133a closeup on speedometer nudging toward eighty . stanley what the fu -- gabriel I see sugarland Express , Stan . do not like the way it end . we see a sign that say " lax . " the bus turn off before they get to the sign . 134 omitted 134 135 int . bus - day 135 stanley I think we be go to the airport . gabriel misdirection , stanley . the bus hurtle down a road toward a bridge over the LA river . closeup on one of hostage's eye wider one of the merc in the front speak french again . Gabriel look around . he smile . gabriel listen ... faintly , we can hear powerful rotors approaching . gabriel gentlemen ... stanley look out the window as two of the merc scramble through hatches in the roof . 136 omitted 136 100b . 137 ext . sky - day 137 a huge black sikorsky sky crane drop out of the sky . it have match speed with the bus drag four crane cable under it . 137a ext . bus ( moving ) - day 137a within moment , as the bus speed onto the bridge , the merc on the roof have hook the cable to the four hard - point weld into the bus ' substructure for just this purpose . the merc drop back into ... 138 int . bus - day 138 gabriel hold on . 139 ext . STREET - day 139 the bus be lift from the bridge into the air . 139a int . car - day 139a Roberts , haul ass after the bus , see the sikorsky . robert well why the fuck not . 140 omitted 140 140a ext . santa monica airport - day 140 a the swat team sit and just continue to wait for Gabriel , who will never show up . 101 . 140b omitted 140b 140c ext . santa monica airport - day 140c Joy and agent Thomas come screeching up at the airport . agent Thomas 's phone ring and he answer it . Joy walk over to the swat leader . a.d. joy everything in place ? agent torre we be ready , sir . a.d. joy good -- agent thomas ( run up ) -- sir ... a.d. joy yeah ? agent thomas I do not think they be come . a.d. joy what do you mean you do not think they be come ? agent thomas ( listen to the phone ) the bus be just lift off the street by a giant helicopter . a.d. joy ( freaking ) what ?!? 141 int . bus - day 141 gabriel ( laugh ) the only way to fly , huh , stanley . Gabriel say something in french into the radio . 142 ext . L.A. sky - day 142 the sky crane / bus head toward downtown . a101a . 143 int . bus - day 143 the bus fly through the canyon of the downtown building as it continue to lift . 101a . 144 ext . bus - day 144 suddenly the bus crest a smaller building , and a large sign loom directly in its flight path . 145 int . bus - day 145 gabriel Bank right ! 146 ext . bus - day 146 the sikorsky swing right but not fast enough . it smashes through the sign and head directly at a huge glass building . 147 int . huge glass build - day 147 broker in a bullpen go about they trading business . one look up as the bus fly toward the huge plate glass window . broker Holy sh ... his cohort look up just as the bus slam into the build , shatter the window . 148 int . bus - day 148 everyone hold on for dear life . 149 ext . L.A. sky - day 149 the bus fall on one side . the result tension snap the slice cable and the entire rear section of the bus dangle . 150 int . bus - day 150 Chaos . hostages slam into each other as the bus fall . one of the hostage fly down the center of the bus , collide with Marco , and both go out through the back window . 151 ext . L.A. sky - day 151 forty foot from the bus they explode . 102 . 152 int . bus - day 152 the concussion blows out every window of the bus . the hostage scramble to hold on . 153 ext . L.A. sky - day 153 the bus now hang suspend perpendicular to the ground . the sikorsky start to climb again . 154 omitted 154 &amp ; &amp ; 155 155 156 int . bus - day 156 Gabriel turn to the merc drive the bus , who be wear a headset . gabriel we okay ? driver ( listen to he headset , then ) we will make it , sir . 157 ext . L.A. sky - day 157 the sikorsky fly upward to the top of the high skyscraper . 158 ext . downtown L.A. street - day 158 Roberts chase after the bus . he look up , realize where they be go and veer off , short - cut toward the skyscraper . 159 ext . skyscraper roof - day 159 the sikorsky attempt to set the bus on the rooftop . the back wheel miss the rooftop and the entire bus start slide toward the edge . the sikorsky lift the entire bus back up into the air and then gingerly set it on the rooftop on all four wheel . the cable be cut loose from the helicopter , and drop down onto the roof with a loud clang . 160 ext . downtown L.A. street - day 160 Roberts rush to the building . 103 . 161 ext . sky - day 161 the helicopter then disappear upward into the sky . on roof mercenary begin to pile off the bus . 162 int . bus - day 162 Stan watch . 163 ext . build - day 163 swat truck pull up and swat guy roll out . 164 int . build - day 164 Roberts rush into the skyscraper . 165 omitted 165 166 int . build - day 166 swat commando hit the stair and elevator . 167 ext . skyscraper roof - day 167 sitting there on a helipad be a evil- look , matte - black , explorer helicopter . Gabriel and he man walk off the bus toward the wait helicopter . Gabriel turn back to stanley who be stand on the stair of the bus . we hear the sound of hundred of siren approaching . gabriel well , stanley , gotta fly . take care of that little girl . maybe I will see you again one day . stanley it can not end like this . you can not get away . ( continued ) 104 . 167 continued : 167 gabriel c'mon , Stan . everything do not always end the way you think it will . ( beat , then ) ' side , audience love happy ending . Gabriel stride away . we hear the whine of the explorer as it do its final power up for lift off . stanley look around the bus futilely for some way to stop Gabriel . Stan can hear the cavalry about to arrive . the explorer slowly lift upward . 168 ext . skyscraper roof - day 168 the explorer shoot upward into the sky . 169 omitted 169 169a int . bus 169 a Stan look around , all the hostage look back at he . stanley see one of the stinger missile launcher , break free of its box . 169b ext . bus 169 B Roberts run onto the roof and see stanley who have the stinger to he shoulder . he hit the " on " switch and it whine to life . he sight through the scope as the explorer scream away and pull the trigger . the missile rip out of the tube and fly toward the explorer . boom . the missile explosion combine with the fuel create a tremendous fireball . Roberts run and tackle stanley to the ground . suddenly , swat guy dress in full combat gear include mask that cover they face surround they . they cuff they . one of they almost step on stanley 's face . ( continued ) 105 . 169b continued : 169b robert I be f.b.i ... swat guy ( ignore he ) check the rest of the hostage , we will come back for they . ( continued ) 106 . 169b continued : 169b stretcher and emt medic run into the bus . we crane up . and see the absolute pandemonium of ambulance leave and police car arrive . fade out . fade in : 170 int . forensic lab - night 170 we see doctor micheal lean over what be leave of Gabriel 's barely recognizable burn upper torso and head . Stan and Roberts walk into the room through the metal door and stop at the end of the table . Dr. micheal nervously look up at stanley and step back . stanley look down at the body . stanley be we sure this be Gabriel ? micheal walk over to a light - board on the wall and flick it on . a full dental X - ray glow . micheal hang another over - top of it . doctor micheal the body 's dental exactly match the dental the israeli government send we for a ex -mossad agent name Gabriel shear . closeup on face it be indeed Gabriel a.k.a. Gabriel shear . wider robert it sure look like Gabriel shear . what the hell be he do in that bank ? stanley what about Ginger ? torre we searched all the hospital and morgue but we have not be able to find she body yet . stanley you can not find she body ? ( continued ) 107/108 . 170 continued : 170 torre no , sir . robert keep look . body just do not fuck disappear . Roberts ' voice slowly fade as we push in on stanley , internal wheel spin . stanley ( to himself ) disappear ... fade to : 1910 stock footage houdini 's favorite elephant trick go on inside Stan 's head . int . big top - day a large crowd of people surround houdini and pale-suited assistant in front of a large elephant in the center ring . gabriel ( v.o. ) houdini make a elephant disappear in a room full of people . his assistant pull a curtain all the way around the elephant . gabriel ( v.o. ) you know how he do it ? CUT to : int . curtain - day gabriel ( v.o. ) elephant suit . fill with he assistant . we see he assistant jump out of the elephant and hang the suit inside the curtain . gabriel ( v.o. ) assistant jump out . blend in with the other . ( continued ) a108a . 170 continued : ( 2 ) 170 int . big top - day houdini 's assistant pull back the curtain , meld with the assistant inside , unbeknownst to the audience of course . gabriel ( v.o. ) voila . the elephant be go . houdini throw up he hand . gabriel ( v.o. ) no more elephant . 171 flashback - swat guy 171 in black urban assault gear , push Stan to the ground . CUT to : 172 omitted 172 173 closeup - stanley ( present ) 173 realization sink in . 173a int . gabriel be house - ginger' room 173a Ginger look at he , hold she Glock , a wire tape between she breast . ginger I be d.e.a. , stanley . closeup - ginger ginger trust I . 108a . 173b closeup - stanley - present 173b gabriel ( v.o. ) -- so advanced nowadays you could probably pilot it from you trailer . CUT to : 174 flashback - gabriel 174 gabriel ( smile ) misdirection ... 175 int . gabriel be house - wine cellar - day 175 Gabriel 's " face " smoosh against the glass door . 109 . 176 back to robert ( present ) 176 Roberts look at he inquisitively . angle on stanley as a wry Indiana Jones smirk slowly cross he face . he slowly shake he head . robert cheer up , Stan , we get he . you be a hero . stanley yeah that 's I . hero . they walk to the door and out . robert I be wrong about you , stanley . I want you to know that . you know , you should take you daughter on vacation . relax a little , you be lucky to be alive . stanley slap Roberts on the arm and walk out . fade out . fade in : 177 int . credit suisse ( monte carlo ) - day 177 a woman who look surprisingly like Ginger with blonde hair and dark shade saunter into the credit suisse main bank in monte Carlo . she walk up to a desk and sit down in front of a young female bank executive . both woman speak in french with subtitles . woman I would like to transfer money between my employer 's account . bank executive certainly . May I have you employer 's account number and password , please ? the woman slide a piece of paper across the desk as she casually light a cigarette . ( continued ) 110 . 177 continued : 177 bank executive ( look at the account number , realize who she be deal with ) oh , of course . you realize , how should I say , there be a substantial amount of money in that account . the sexy woman smile . woman that 's why I be here . my employer do not like draw attention to himself . he like to keep a low profile . the Bank executive key in the account number . bank executive of course . would you feel more comfortable deal with the bank president ? woman ( exhaling ) would you ? bank executive yes ... woman get he . bank executive right away . a glass of cristal while you ... wait a moment ... woman what ? bank executive there seem to have be a series of large withdrawals out of this account . woman that 's impossible . the woman spin around the terminal . the executive and the woman look at each other in astonishment , then both look back at the screen . ( continued ) 110a . 177 continued : ( 2 ) 177 the balance now read $ 500.00 . we push into a closeup of the terminal . then through it . 111 . 178 terminal 178 we push into a closeup of the terminal . then through it . we shoot through the system of wire and microchip , down and through t1 line , across the world at light speed , and exit the computer world from ... 179 int . diner - somewhere in arizona - day 179 the screen of stanley 's laptop . holly ( o.s. ) everything okay , dad ? stanley , sit at a booth , look up from he laptop at Holly who be study a road map of Arizona . stanley everything 's fine . just make the last of some charitable donation .. stanley finish , shut down laptop . stanley how about you , almost do ? holly ( fold up road map ) yep . get it all figure out . stanley well , let 's do it . they leave table . ext . diner - somewhere in arizona - day they exit diner . make they way to a new suv with a thirty foot trick out airstream trailer stretch out behind it . stanley by the way , where exactly be we go ? holly the petrify Forest . stanley the petrify Forest . stanley open the driver side door of the suv . ( continued ) 111a . 179 continued : 179 holly right . and I be drive . Holly climb into the vehicle , as if to take the wheel . stanley slide in next to she . stanley scoot over , you . wide shot we crane up and away as the vehicle pull out of the desert truck stop ... holly ( v.o. ) know why they call it the petrify Forest ? stanley ( v.o. ) no . why ? ... and drive off down the road . fade to black . 112 . fade in : 180 ext . credit suisse ( monte carlo ) - day 180 a man , whom we have not see before but do maintain a certain " Gabriel " air about he , hide behind shade , lean against a three - hundred - year- old column read a newspaper . she walk toward he and he signal for the valet . woman from bank you be not fuck gonna believe this . stanley -- man -- how much he leave ? woman from bank 500 buck . he take the $ 500 in cash from she hand and hand she the paper . they walk down to the dock , where a 50 - foot off - shore cigarette boat wait , a valet stand next to it . he hand the valet the $ 500 . stepping down into the cigarette boat , he grin up at Ginger . ginger ( woman ) ( steppng in next to he ) you do not seem that upset . man do you ever see the maltese falcon ? she look at he as he crank up the cigarette and back away from the pier . man 1941 . nominated for three Academy Award , lose , but what the fuck do the Academy know anyway . John Houston 's first film and probably bogey 's best . he turn the boat around and power out of the bay . man at the end , when they realize the bird 's a fake , and all they have go through and sacrifice be for nothing , gutman , the bad guy in the movie , say , ' well , sir , what do you think , shall we stand here , shed tear , and call each other name , or shall we go to Istanbul ? ' ( continued ) 113. 180 continued : 180 ginger Istanbul ? what 's in Istanbul ? man the , ah , stuff dream be make of . ginger huh ? they both smile as the cigarette disappear toward the horizon . fade out . the end