syriana written by Stephen gaghan base on the book " see no evil " by Robert baer Exile be not a material thing , it be a spiritual thing , all corner of the earth exactly the same . and anywhere one can dream be good , provide the place be obscure , and the horizon vast . victor hugo if a triangle could speak it would say that God be eminently triangular . spinoza fade in : 1 ext . tehran , iran - morning 1 the minaret of shi 'a mosque dot the skyline . the sun rise through the smog . keen siren call the faithful . a group of bearded , turban men in white robe carry koran walk down a empty street . as the religious man pass a nondescript metal door , a thumping SOUND rise ... the door crack open and three muslim women in full black sack emerge . the door shut quickly behind they . stay with the three muslim women as they walk away . click click click on the cobblestone . we hear giggle . supertitle : tehran , iran one of they reach down and remove stiletto high - heel , which disappear under - the black cloth . 2 int . private nightclub - morning 2 down two flight of crowded stair , there 's a bar , dance floor , low couch , minimal lighting , waste people . wealthy young iranian sit at a table litter with ice - bucket and bottle of absolut and johnnie Walker . and with they be bob baer , 40' , professionally nondescript , he could be anything , a salesman , a high - school teacher . his face be ever- change and he eye miss nothing . Bob be the only american in the place and still you almost would not notice he . arash amiri , 20' , a confident young iranian , yell over the music . beside he be he brother . arash amiri have you ever try liquid mdma ? Bob 's forehead be sweat and he hair be stick to it , which he wipe away as he sip he scotch . bob liquid mdma ? no , I never try it . the music be louder . arash proudly shout over it -- arash amiri Tehran be the world capital ! ( continued ) 2 2 continued : 2 Bob do not respond . arash shout again -- abash amiri ( cont 'd ) so , how 's the kid ? bob great . he 's great . arash just stare . Bob sip he drink . bob ( cont 'd ) be we gonna do this ? a girl begin to dance in front of arash . abash amiri after prayer -- 3 ext . tehran rooftop - day 3 distant Pov down to the street as two car pull up . Bob get out of one , walk to the rear , open the trunk -- 4 ext . tehran STREET - day 4 the trunk slam . Bob carry a wear attache case . the amiris get out of they car , oblivious shiite party boy . Bob walk , happy . dour men at cafe table miss nothing . 5 int . kebab shop - day 5 corrugate metal shutter close , sealing out the light . arash usher Bob through the gloom toward two military case . Bob expertly flip one over and open it . Inside : a stinger missile , neatly disassembled . he find the serial number : 3j16w4921. a smiley face be scratch into the metal of the stinger . Bob try to activate the stinger . it 's dead . arash and he brother perspire . Bob be perspire . Bob think he hear faint mouth breathing from behind the curtain close off the rear of the shop . Bob open he attache case . he remove a pouch . the pouch hold a battery . the battery have a serial number . Bob find : 3j16w4921 . a perfect match . he remove the dead battery and replace it with the live battery . he activate the missile . it work . everyone be relieved . ( continued ) 3 5 continued : 5 Bob move to the next military case . he replace the next battery and activate the second missile . arash and he brother share a celebratory glance . arash suddenly take one case and drag it through the curtain . Bob hear low voice . he turn questioningly to arash 's brother who just stare and smile like a idiot . then arash reappear , pass by Bob . bob you say they be both for you . arash toss a envelope at Bob -- arash amiri what do you care ? Bob glance in the envelope . behind he , the amiris be pick up the other case . Bob move toward the curtain . in the back of the shop Bob 's eye adjust . several robe shape , ghost in grey light , carry the case out a door . the barrel of a gun touch the side of Bob 's head . the SOUND of a shell chambered and a mouth breather . Bob raise he hand . the barrel slide around to he forehead and Bob be stare into the blue eye of mohammed sheik agiza , 40' , bearded , and calm . bob ( farsi ) I be look for the bathroom . MSA seem remarkably serene , then he scream in Arabic . bob ( farsi ) ( cont 'd ) you do not speak farsi , do you , you son of a goat ? MSA scream again , tightening he finger on the trigger , then he back out the door , never lose aim on Bob . 6 ext . tehran rooftop - day 6 the high Pov down to the street . the amiris exit the kebab shop carry the remaining military case . camera adjust to incorporate someone's hand on the rooftop . and next to it , a remote - control trigger device . 4 7 ext . tehran STREET - day 7 as the amiris carry the case toward they car , Bob appear in the doorway and head up the street toward we . behind Bob , in the distance , the amiris get into the car . Bob glance up at the roof and nods once , continue to walk toward camera as -- the car explode . Bob walk on as if nothing happen . 8 int . tehran cafe - day 8 tight on the game of asteroid . the version from the 70' . Black and white triangle " spaceship " spin , shoot white dot at drift " rock , " break they up , only to create more rock . a hand rapidly hit the fire button . robby baer , 16 , concentrate , hit hyper space , smile , remember he have a retainer , hide he smile . he glance over at a cafe table where Bob and margaret baer , 40' , frank and guard in a way that be compelling , be have morning coffee . we realize that all around they be iranian , that a crowd be mass in the street outside , and that Bob clearly do not want to have this conversation . margaret if you go back you get promote . which could open door later . for consulting . bob that people back there do not know what 's go on . they do not wanna know . margaret have you think about college ? have that make it onto the radar screen ? bob and it 's not like anybody else could roll in here . it 's not like it 's just read report . margaret I take Pakistan because of the hardship pay . the private school tuition -- ( continued ) 5 8 continued : 8 Bob 's expression , not unkind , but familiar to she , say he know exactly why she take Pakistan . margaret ( cont 'd ) I believe in what I be do , too . they look at each other . bob well , then here we be . margaret here we be . in the street it 's turn into a full - blow protest . bob let 's say , somehow , I get a branch or even a Group , then what ? will you come ? will you bring robby ? now , Margaret look away . a student-leader be up on a platform brandish a Coke bottle , shout in farsi into a bullhorn . margaret what 's he say ? bob he 's against the ban on coca-cola . he say you have to fix you soul , which be not something you can put on a soft-drink . we see the face of the protester , silently stare , they mouth cover by black tape . CUT to : 9 int . woodman house - morning 9 at a kitchen table , riley , almost 3 , put he hand in a bowl of dry cheerios , squish it around , then throw a handful on the floor . bryan ( o.s. ) you be a cheerio dissemination device . yes , you be -- pull back to find he father , bryan woodman , american , late 20' , in a shirt and tie . blonde and blue-ey like a modern t.e. lawrence , he 's lose in the child , share he sense of wonder . ( continued ) 6 9 continued : 9 julie ( o.s. ) do not let he do that , please . his wife , julie woodman , 28 , sleepy american , very fit in sweat , cook bacon at a older range . they have the worst house in the best neighborhood and have yet to properly furnish it . bryan . a evolutionarily perfect machine for the spread of import cheerios to all corner of the kitchen . the toddler smile at he . Julie put four plate down . they both notice the empty place set . just then , a golden boy , max , 6 , enter the kitchen . max mommy , I want bacon . julie you have bacon . Max sit at the table . max I want real bacon . julie you have real bacon , only it 's make from soy bean . Max look at he plate . max I want pig bacon . 10 ext . geneva waterfront - day 10 bryan drive a BMW wagon along Lake geneva , the fountain spout into the sky . a kite be wedge upside down in the foot well . supertitle : geneva , switzerland on every building sign advertise watch company . 11 int . mini tv studio - day 11 a brightly - light bryan listen to a ear-piece in front of a colombe suisse de banque banner . ( continued ) 7 11 continued : 11 bryan we position be that there be at least twelve dollar of instability premium in the market . protest in Iran . threat of more strike in Venezuela . the Turks still make noise about Russian crude through the bosphorus . ( listen again ) you be welcome , Rebecca . 12 int . colombe suisse do banque - geneva - day 12 across the small trading floor , bryan be seal off in a mini tv studio , then the light switch off and bryan leave the booth -- tighter on bryan as he walk past trader stare into computer while talk into phone -- trader ( o.s. ) Long and strong on demand number , protest in Iran and , what else be new , the ven be threaten strike . place be en fuego -- trader # 2 ( o.s. ) people want it warmer , colder , they leave they tv 's on when they drive to the video store . twelve buck of premium -- vincent , 30' , depressed , handsome french trader in a beautiful suit , work two phone , see bryan -- vincent hey -- bryan wave he off , keep walk . vincent ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) market 's on its way up . just think you should know . ( take call ) done. yep . bring he in now . tell he he 's do and bring he in . ( yell to bryan ) woodman , I need you -- Vincent see bryan disappear into he office , door shutting behind he . a small sign read : research . 8 13 int . bryan' office - day 13 soundproofed office . peaceful . diplomas . Three tvs play : CNN ; a black and white image of a pinch old man ; army tank roll through Iraq in night vision . bryan be on the phone . we hear a three year - old voice -- riley ( over phone ) hello , daddy . I be play . that 's my job . play . on bryan' desk , mound of research , book , report , number . in the phone bryan can hear Julie laugh . bryan ( into phone ) that 's a very good job to have . julie ( over phone ) tell daddy you love he . a abrupt three year - old hang - up . bryan look up and see he british boss hold a fancy invitation . boss the emir 's summer party . in marbella . any interest ? bryan ( be : he pile desk ) I can not . I have get all this -- boss I be not really ask . bryan it 's Max 's birthday . we have get stuff all weekend . Vincent stick he head in the door -- vincent September t- I tick up fifteen cent and be rebound . where 's the next resistance level ? bryan read my report -- vincent ( notice the invite ) the emir 's party ; I will take that . Vincent try to snatch the invite . ( continued ) 9 13 continued : 13 boss through much finagle we have a audience with the emir . he write the strategy and he 's not slick . ( to bryan ) in fact , take you child with you - a birthday weekend for Max . the towelhead love child . on tv : JOHN D. rockefeller in a safari hat lead a group in baptist hymn on a croquet lawn while the tank roll through Baghdad . CUT to : 14 ext . tundra - kazakhstan - day 14 tundra see from the air in the ex - Soviet republic . a giant ditch cut the landscape . in the giant ditch be a giant pipe lead to a ramshackle oil " facility " of shipping container scattered around a derrick . 15 ext . near atyrau , kazakhstan - day 15 a herd of goat scamper out of the way of agiant bulldozer with wheel as big as a house . 16 supertitle : tengiz , kazakhstan 16 march music come from a tin speaker on a wooden pole . Animal piece roast on a grill make from oil drum . oilmen cluster around makeshift wooden table . bennett holiday , 35 , African - american , a clean - cut lawyer , maybe horn rim , start to grey , sit at a table with russian oil execs . the leader eat rib with tiny tooth . bennett be you a director or executive of this company ? the leader gnaw on a bone . bennett point down to a mess of contract and legal papers in front of he . bennett ( cont 'd ) be this you fax number ? the leader speak rapidly in russian . bennett be baffle . finally , a underling translate . underling he say , we eat every part of the pony ! ( continued ) 10 16 continued : 16 bennett ask he if he 's be receive fax 'at this number ? ask he if this be he phone number ? ( to the leader ) be this a number to reach you ? again , the leader speak in rapid Russian . underling he say , the weather in siberia be very cold ! bennett I be ask you about this payment . who be this person on the account ? bennett notice a Russian , oskar werner -type , wear thick - framed glass , smoking and stare at he . another russian glance at the paperwork . underling Bank be no more . bennett I know bank be no more . I be try to find out where the asset go . the Russians nod to the music come from the pole . now the leader speak in surprisingly good English . leader this be march music compose for stalin . inspiring for worker . the leader smile at bennett . it 's a scary smile . the thick - framed glass guy be still stare . leader ( cont 'd ) the investment dollar that matter be one that have army behind it . we be very good friend of United States . who you want argue for you in the hague ? Argentina ? the leader spread he arm expansively to take in the mile of empty tundra around they . leader ( cont 'd ) ( proudly ) from right here we light and heat Europe for next fifty year . killeen and Kazakhstan - partner forever ! ( continued ) 16 continued : ( 2 ) a distant shot of the small cluster of humanity in the vast steppe , march music drift across it . CUT to : 17 int . connex oil boardroom - day 17 tommy ( o.s. ) you be not take this seriously . you do not think this be a problem . one wall be a map of the world except where there should be jag country boundary be perfectly straight resource line . it 's color code : the world divide into energy corporation : exxon / mobil , british petroleum , shell , connex , killeen , total , gazprom , lukoil ... tommy ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) a U.S. Attorney be look into you relationship in Kazakhstan and the U.S. government be hold up approval of we merger ... at one end of a long table in a corporate boardroom President tommy barton , 50' , a hatchet - man of Zen-like corporate efficiency , head a group of executive . a small placard label this faction - connex . supertitle : connex world headquarters - houston , TEXAS tommy ( cont 'd ) the board think it 's a problem . Mr. janus certainly think it 's a problem -- jame " jimmy " pope , 50' , a powerful presence leaven by Connecticut minor chord , speak from the far end where a oppose faction be label : killeen . jimmy be the Caspian a lake or a sea , Thomas ? tommy that 's a important legal point -- jimmy oh give I another lecture on subsurface rights , Thomas . Jimmy stand . he be impose in a lyndon Johnson visit Congress sort of way . ( continued ) 12 17 continued : 17 jimmy ( cont 'd ) if the Caspian be a sea , you can make deal with the stan , but if it 's a lake , then the rights be share equally by all country , include Iran . and by a act of we Congress it be illegal to trade with Iran , so we can not be in business with any of that country , even though they have oil and we sell it . this be we business , Tommy , sell oil , not find it . anyone can find it . it 's everywhere . Jimmy motion out the window -- jimmy ( cont 'd ) a monkey can stick a straw in the ground , slurp it out and boil it , right , Thomas ? but you wanna make it commercial , you wanna turn it into a commodity , then you gotta be able to move it and to move it , you gotta have relationship . ( beat ) take the Gulf -- tommy that 's enough , Jimmy . jimmy no , I want to talk about the Gulf and how a goddamn e-mir , what be a e-mir anyway -- tommy King . it 's a king -- jimmy how some podunk King toss you out on you ass . Jimmy pull out a sharpie , walk to the resource map and deface it , draw the outline of a actual country , Kazakhstan , in Central Asia , home of the tengiz field . jimmy ( cont 'd ) every company in the world want into Kazakhstan , into the tengiz , but killeen get it and then connex want killeen and here we be . I make investment . investment that will bear fruit for this company . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 jimmy ( cont 'd ) Hell , Tommy , we have all get the foreign corrupt practice Act commit to memory . I have get a little copy tape to the wall of my head ... up here . tommy thank you , Jimmy . you know how much we appreciate hearing you point of view ; however , Mr. janus and I have ask connex 's Washington counsel , Sydney hewitt , to come down here and talk about strategy for the next thirty day . the eye all shift to sydney hewitt , . 60' , Alabama smooth accent and ever-so-certain . sydney in a way I feel like Switzerland and I would like to remind everyone in this room that they have sign confidentiality agreement . polite laughter . sydney ( cont 'd ) and allow I to introduce my associate , bennett holiday , who will be , how should I put it , building consensus day to day . bennett , the only African - american in the room , take in the face now all stare at he . all the white face . 18 int . plane - day 18 Business class cabin . bennett look out the window . his Pov of cloud and farmland and the Mississippi River . Sydney emerge from first with a scotch and sit . sydney you just visit what someday soon could be the most profitable corporation in America . bennett provide the government approve the merger -- sydney provide we do not start run car on water . provide there 's still chaos in the Middle - East . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 18 continued : 18 sydney ( cont 'd ) this be not the SEC anymore , son , and maybe you get a couple scalp on you belt from you time over there - Enron , World com - but now the job be find the problem , fix the problem . and if you do not find a problem , then there be no problem . bennett notice that Sydney wear a mickey mouse watch . sydney ( cont 'd ) and when the government approve this merger it 's gonna buy a lot of house out on the vineyard , maybe even yours , so , of course , it 's delicate all around . who 's this U.S. Attorney , Donald farish the 3rd ? what 's he agenda ? who 's behind he ? be it a political force ? another corporation ? be he a glory boy make a name ? bennett I know he . he teach a class of mine at georgetown Law . Sydney know this , of course . Sydney look bennett over , then he chuckle , the effect of which be unsettle . sydney well , there you go , he teach a class of yours at georgetown Law . Mr. . white do say to I , I have a feel about this young man . he say , he can position himself . Sydney stand . sydney ( cont 'd ) hold this guy in a circle . ask the careful question . I do not need to tell you this be a hell of a opportunity for you to catch that peer who have spend , how should I put it , less time on the government dole . ( beat ) and get rid of that fancy watch , it make you look like a Jew . Sydney disappear back up into first class , carefully pull the curtain in place behind he . CUT to : 15 19 ext . natural gas liquefaction plant - the gulf - day 19 Bright sunlight beside the gulf. 200 foot tall load tank with portrait of the emir . this facility be under construction by pakistani and filipino laborer . angle on : saleem ahmed khan , 40 , heavy set , with glass , and he son , wasim , 17 , tall , bright , wear electric blue jumpsuit while painting a brown handrail green . a van stop beside they team and someone yell in urdu . 20 int . van - day 20 they drive with other worker across the refinery . 21 ext . refinery - day 21 a huge sign in mandarin declare the project fund by china gas and electric - the chinese oil conglomerate . supertitle : natural gas liquefaction plant - persian gulf chinese engineer in white have round up a group of Pakistanis who stand together sweat in the extreme heat , a image not much change since colonialism . engineer ( in mandarin ) you service be no longer need here at the China Gas and electric facility . a pakistani translate into urdu for the-group . find saleem and wasim in the crowd -- saleem ( in urdu ) what do they say ? I can not hear . wasim they be let we go . saleem the whole group ? wasim the whole group . in the distance , the engineer be dron on . ( continued ) 16 21 continued : 21 engineer we know you have work hard and wish to thank you for that hard work with a small cash bonus which you may collect on you way out of the facility . saleem what do he say ? I can not hear . I can not hear . wasim he 's tell we to scram . saleem scram ? what do you mean , scram ? angle on : the engineer point toward the exit of the facility . he turn to another engineer nearby . chinese engineer ( sotto ) look at they stand there . like blue cow . shit . get they move . 22 ext . liquefied natural gas facility , persian gulf - day 22 wasim and saleem cross the desert near the LNG facility . saleem the chinese be smart people , but such bad driver . they should not be allow even to wash car . wasim do not say anything . they walk in silence . then -- saleem ( cont 'd ) when I be you age , in Pakistan , there be always in the distance -- saleem / wasim ( simul ) snow cover mountain . saleem that 's right . Three hour away , but right there , white across the sky , like you could reach out and touch they . snow cover mountain . ahead be transient worker housing . wasim take in plywood fencing surround identical hut . ( continued ) 17 22 continued : 22 saleem ( cont 'd ) as soon as we can , we will get a real house and bring you mother here . I promise . wasim just look at he dad who put he arm around he . the refinery and power line shimmer behind they . 23 int . foreign worker compound - persian gulf - day 23 sterile , white trailer in neat row with laundry hang out of window . men wash at a communal shower . wasim begin stripping off he grimy uniform . saleem shout to a few men bat a cricket ball around . 24 ext . power line in desert - persian gulf - day 24 massive power line drape from steel pyramid to steel pyramid . a group of teenager , include wasim and farooq , 16 , a self - style leader , drink home - ferment alcohol from a styrofoam cup . they wear jeans , t-shirt , cap . ragged , unbathed , they be waste . farooq take a gulp , make a face , swallow , shout -- farooq ow , ow , ow , ahhh -- he throw up . the kide laugh . he come up compose -- farooq ( cont 'd ) a announcement . a announcement . if man be make in God 's image , then God be deeply mess up . farooq shove the cup at wasim . he try to push it away . farooq ( cont 'd ) you afraid ? afraid of the buzz ? wasim I be afraid of you breath . wasim point at a silent kid hang back from the group . wasim ( cont 'd ) hakim have not have any . and hakim wear jewelry . farooq he think that little bracelet 's gonna get he girl . ( continued ) 18 24 continued : 24 they start chant hakim , hakim , hakim in encouragement . hakim , sphynx - like , just look at they . wasim ( to another kid ) what 's wrong with you brother , anyway ? hakim look to he brother , then lift up he shirt . there be a recent scar where a kidney would be . farooq you can drink with one . you do not need two . group hakim , hakim , hakim . hakim be not sure . wasim ( to farooq ) I want to talk to you uncle about work . group hakim , hakim , hakim . wasim farooq . you have to introduce I . farooq there be not any work . quit pester I . hakim , hakim -- finally , hakim sip and hold he side . the boy ' cheer be thin and vulnerable in the immense desert . in the distance a luxury car be park . and U.S. military officer snap a picture - " Native boy in Desert . " 25 ext . beltway - day 25 a line of commuter traffic from inside a car . Bob 's eye appear in the rearview . he sit in traffic . franks ( v.0 . ) Bob 's freaking out about this other missile . where 's the missile ? who have the missile ? he write a memo . CUT to : 19 26 int . division chief' office - day 26 the division chief , a woman in she 40' , patrician and smooth , stare out of the glass box office toward the tree . fred franks , 30' , a saltine dip in milk , continue -- franks . I just finish convincing the . brit and french Intel we have nothing to do with the amiri job . now what do we say : remember that thing we have nothing to do with , well , there 's something miss . the division Chief finish listen patiently . division chief okay , here 's something . put he up for a promotion . Bob 's a good guy . he save we ass in Beirut in ' 85 . franks ( beat ) great . Terry like he . we will get he a audition downtown . CUT to : 27 ext . beltway - day 27 division chief ( v.0 . ) you will get he a audition downtown -- Bob exit into downtown d.c , the traffic lighten . he go through a tunnel . CUT to : 28 int . division chief' office - day 28 the idea of promote Bob gain traction -- franks Bob 's a hero . they will give he something good . he be a Iran expert . division chief Fred , Bob 's never have a desk job , never do nine - to-five . can he show up to work everyday ? can he stay on message ? ( continued ) 20 28 continued : 28 franks yes , absolutely . I will prep he . CUT to : 29 int . hallway outside situation room - white house - day 29 Bob wait in a hard back chair . it 's a spare , functional , highly polished place . Marines like statue stand guard . voice come from a partially open door across the hall . marilyn ( v.0 . ) imagine gasoline ten dollar a gallon at the pump . or heating oil that cost twenty - five hundred a month for a two - bedroom apartment . if oil go to a hundred a barrel , the U.S. turn into a third - world country . that be a fact . terry GEORGE ( v.0 . ) do you have any analysis to back up that fact ? supertitle : WASHINGTON , D.C. distinguished voice ( v.0 . ) in the next fifteen year , the North Sea and Alaska dry up . two million barrel a day to the U.S. go . that be a know fact . 30 int . situation room - white house - day 30 the deputy meeting . a small room with recess lighting fill with the rung below the top-tier of Washington bureaucracy . navy steno guy record the conversation . terry GEORGE I need data support know fact . because what I know be that in the entire region when we even whisper we support , that people be delegitimize . terry GEORGE , 40' , deputy CIA Chief , quite a good guy to that in power , speak to a distinguished gentleman , 60' . through the partially open door , one third of Bob be visible . distinguished gentleman Iraq have no establish ethnic majority . ( more ) ( continued ) 21 30 continued : 30 distinguished gentleman ( cont 'd ) it 's like try to organize Louisiana . Iran , on the other hand , be Persian -- the deputy National Security advisor , marilyn richard , 40' , sculpt hair , with the soul of a seventy year - old white , Republican male , be in charge -- marilyn there have be some good news concern Iran lately . right , Terry ? terry GEORGE for Iran , yes -- marilyn the President be very interested in Iran , Terry . Marilyn take in the presence of the distinguished gentlemen sit near she . Terry slide a file across the table to she . terry GEORGE I know that , Marilyn . in fact , we just pull one of we officer out and I take the initiative to ask he to come down here . he infiltrate Hezbollah in Beirut in the eighty , win himself some nice medal . we be think about give he a station . marilyn Beirut in the eighty , be that a resume builder ? polite chuckle follow Terry George to the doorway . 31 int . outside situation room - white house - day 31 Terry George appear , crook a finger . as Bob pass -- terry GEORGE do not chomp down on any bait . he loom over Bob , pointedly tap Bob 's file -- terry GEORGE ( cont 'd ) we be fine . Iran be fine . Fine . 32 int . situation room - white house - day 32 Bob sweat slightly as he plow on , read from note . ( continued ) 22 32 continued : 32 bob and we analysis seem to be on the mark ... and we be get good satellite coverage . Bob be clearly work from a script . Terry George be pleased and give Bob the slight of approve nod . bob ( cont 'd ) and we be reprogramming resource into Iran . we next review will show that --- marilyn thank you for come over , Mr. baer . welcome back and forgive I if I wade right in , but forget for a second you bureaucratic checklist , I be try to get undigested information , so if you could give I a read of the temperature over there ? Bob glance at Terry . exasperate , Marilyn continue . marilyn ( cont 'd ) India be now we ally . Russia be we ally . even China will be a ally . everybody between Morocco and Pakistan be the problem . fail state and fail economy , but Iran be a natural cultural ally of the U.S. the Persians do not want to roll back the clock to the 8th century . I see student march in the street . I hear khatami make the right sound . and what I would like to know be if we keep embargo they on energy , then someday soon be we go to get a nice , secular , pro-western , pro-business government ? the steno guy type away . a long beat on Bob . bob it 's possible . it 's complicated . marilyn of course it be , Mr. baer . thank you for you time . Bob look to Terry who nod . Bob start to leave . ( continued ) 23 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 marilyn ( cont 'd ) ( sotto , to the room ) Intelligence be the misnomer of the century . Bob stop . he can not help himself -- bob they let young people march in the street and then the next day shut down fifty newspaper . they have a few satellite dish up on roof , let them have my two dad , but that do not mean the ayatollah have relinquished one iota of control over that nation . the steno guy hand be freeze . distinguished gentleman Mr. baer , the reform movement in Iran be one of the President 's great hope for the region and crucial to the petroleum security of the United States . terry GEORGE ( a warning ) this gentleman be with the cli . Bob have no idea what this be or whether he should answer . distinguished gentleman the Committee for the Liberation of Iran , Mr. baer . bob we have have Iran in embargo for almost thirty year , we back they neighbor , a neighbor we invade twice , in a ten year war against they , we be hang on by a thread with a massive occupation force , so I get news for you ... Thomas jefferson just be not that popular over there right now . silence except for the steno guy click away , then complete silence . Terry George stare at Bob a long beat . terry GEORGE that will be all , Mr. baer . CUT to : 24 33 ext . capitol hill apartment - morning 33 bennett exit a cab , walk up the step with a overnight bag . a man , 60' , tough and well - preserve , in a dark suit and tie , wait on the stoop with a fold paper . danny dalton ( v.0 . ) I hear phrase throw around like " the corrupt influence of money " or " the evil influence of dollar in politics , " when more money be spend on the syndication rights to Seinfeld than on the whole of the last presidential election . bennett just walk past he to open the door . 34 int . bennett' apartment - morning 34 a nice three bedroom that be part of the quiet gentrification movement not yet reflect in the street . cable news play silently in the live room . there 's a goldfish in a small aquarium . through a door , bennett and the man be in the kitchen . 35 int . kitchen - continuous 35 a SMALL tv : play C - span testimony on campaign Finance Reform . danny dalton , 40' , a " oilman , " testify . danny dalton last election cycle I spend three hundred thousand . I get picture of myself with the President that I use all over the world . people do not know Danny dalton , but they know the President of the United States and they see that I know the President of the United States ... bennett have shower and change . he make coffee . the man sit at a dinette . he light a cigarette . bennett I be not make this coffee for you . I be make it for I . you I be make oatmeal and then you sleep . bennett senior you look like shit . ( continued ) 25 35 continued : 35 bennett just stare for a moment . bennett take the oatmeal off the stove , set a bowl in front of the man whose fingernails be black , whose dark suit be filthy . bennett be you work ? bennett senior I have a little trouble at work . bennett grab he travel coffee and start away -- bennett there 's some beer in the fridge for after you wake up , so you do not die on my floor of the dt 's . and no smoking in my house . bennett leave the kitchen . the man yell after he . bennett senior I do not need you goddamn hospitality . the front door slam . the man glance up at a photo of bennett Jr. at he Howard University graduation . and next to it , the man , bennett sr. , graduate 25 year earlier . on tv : old , white senator listen judiciously . danny dalton ( on tv ) in we country we do not stuff dollar into ballot box . what we do be turn money into vote and what turn money into vote be free speech - the ability of a candidate to get he message out - and that take money , real money , meaning , not so loosely translate : money be speech ! and last time I check , speech in the USA be protect . you can not limit my advocacy just because it work . I have a sovereign , inalienable right to petition my government . tilt up to find bennett senior , part of a six pack dangle from two finger , stare at a wall cover with a intricate matrix of killeen oil 's limited partnership and strategic alliance all over the world . ( continued ) 26 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 danny dalton ( cont 'd ) the money I give the President be the best investment I have ever make in my business . next election cycle I plan to double it . ( beat ) and why be it some dirty little secret that it 's in America 's interest to do business overseas ? bennett sr. stare up at the wall . he pop a beer . CUT to : 36 ext . emir' estate - marbella - day 36 bryan and Julie and the kid arrive at the manicure entrance of a vast , impressive estate , they rental wagon anomalous among bentley and roll . a arab valet open Julie 's door . the kid be excited . 37 ext . garden - day 37 a geometric sculpture garden . giacomettis and Henry moore . a tv monitor play video of garden and flower . guest cluster together . you could almost tag label on they : arm dealer , ambassador , Minister of tree . bryan and Julie and the kid wander into the party . bryan . I be probably the tenth guy this month to pitch something like this . it 's like the godfather . emir , I come to you on this special day . Vincent be riding motorcycle through Cambodia , through land -mine . some charity thing . julie that 's guilt not charity . he 's Catholic and can not view himself as a shallow model f.u.c.k.e.r , which he be . and when war break out in some energy produce country , he 's the first one into work . bryan look at she . julie ( cont 'd ) honey ... you be a man who support he family , not a boy . ( continued ) 27 37 continued : 37 bryan I think you like he . Vincent . julie I do , honey . for you , I like he very much . she take he hand as they walk . voice ( o.s. ) please , attention please , you host , he majesty , the emir ... on a tv monitor : the emir , hamad al - subaai , 60' , bearded , overweight , sit in front of greenery , he two son behind he , address he party guest . emir ( on tv ) it be my pleasure to personally welcome each of you to the casa De Las palmas , we oasis of palm in the south of Spain . 38 int . emir' private office - day 38 the emir , he two son , prince meshal , late 20' , weak - chin , effeminate , with longish hair , and prince nasir , 30' , handsome , with large expressive eye , close - cropped hair , powerful and serious , be across a table from chinese oil executive . the emir 's prerecorded speech drone on -- emir ( on tv ) and symbolic of the affection of my people for each of you . at nine o'clock , we will have wonderful music from the London philharmonic . please eat and socialize and enjoy . the emir ignore himself on tv and turn to business . he recently have a stroke and be film from he good side . emir ( cont 'd ) ( a slight slurring ) I be happy to welcome the chinese to my country and optimistic you will not be nearly as greedy as the Americans . assiduous nod from the chinese oil executive as the King 's young japanese secretary slide contract across . 28 39 ext . pool pavilion - day 39 bryan and Julie watch Max tentatively approach the pool . nearby , riley have introduce himself to a arab family . julie Arabs be very family orient , as a people . be that racist ? Max , a book -orient , rather than water- orient , child be afraid to jump in . bryan ( watching - max ) not if what you be say be positive . a bigger boy fake like he might push he in . bryan start to he foot -- julie do not . let he work this out . it 's important for he autonomy . Max find he courage , jump , and disappear beneath the surface , then bob up happily . Julie smile . bryan hedge strategy be tough for this guy . oil go up the people wonder why that extra billion be not in the treasury . price go down , no one 's thanking they for save a few buck . Julie look at she husband to determine whether he 's testing he " pitch " or in need of encouragement . julie make a game of it . pretend they be six year - old and you have to get they to eat carrot and all they want be dessert . make it about good parent . 40 int . emir' private office - dusk 40 emir the house be a genius -home . one of my son have it wire by expert from the United States . ( continued ) 29 40 continued : 40 the emir sort of wilt , fade out . Prince meshal foist a remote control on he father . the other son , Prince nasir observe he father and brother . the emir rouse . he press a few button . the monitor show the estate : lawn ; squash court ; guard house . prince meshal watch ... on tv : the image of a rear guard house . suddenly , the gate slide back , stop , slide the other way . chinese oil executive you highness , that be incredible . ( to Prince nasir ) Prince nasir , be not that amazing ? prince nasir ( dismissive ) fascinating . the emir press the remote . on tv : seven swim pool . meshal proudly share the moment with he father . prince meshal oh , look , it 's get dark , better turn on the light -- on six of seven monitor : pool light turn on , shimmer turquoise . one pool remain dark . the emir notice the dark pool . he press the device . on the monitor : the light go off . he press again . six pool light up , but one be still dark . the emir ignore he son and speak for the room . emir send a fool on a fool 's errand . meshal frantically try to make the pool light come on . on the monitor : one be still dark -- 41 ext . pool side - dusk 41 child scream , shouting , play tag in the crepuscular light beside the dark pool . Max be among the child . 30 42 ext . under water - dark pool - dusk 42 the SOUND of electricity . we push toward a darken pool light . the cover be crack and the light be fill with water . closer . Blue light arc inside the cover . the SOUND of electricity be louder . 43 int . emir' antechamber - night 43 picture of the emir with Nixon , Carter , Ronald Reagan , poppy Bush , Clinton , Bush ii . two gulf businessmen , rep of the emir , appear and address bryan who be wait . gulf businessman we regret that his highness will be unable to see you . however , we be authorize to hear you proposition on he behalf . bryan here ? they nod . bryan look around . it 's awkward . bryan ( cont 'd ) well , okay ... the real worry face you guy be another year of record pricing . there be no more elephant field . not even in Natural Gas . as structural alternative be more fully realize you will need a new strategy to maximize every penny from you exist resource , particularly in a climate of fall price . one businessman turn to the other -- gulf businessman ( arabic ) . there be two kind of people in the world : that who control subsurface mineral rights and that who want to steal from they . bryan do not understand a word . 44 ext . pool - dusk 44 the kid be organize a game of " shark and minnow . " a older kid explain to Max -- ( continued ) 31 44 continued : 44 older kid you be the shark and you try to tag we as we swim across . Max be uncertain , eyeing the dark water . from somewhere distant the london philharmonic begin to play . older kid ( cont 'd ) you jump in and count one , two , three , then we all try to get to the other side . Max stare at the dark water . it 's not invite . finally , he jump . he hit the water and go rigid , almost skitter across the surface , flopping uncontrollably . 45 ext . estate lawn - night 45 bryan walk back across the lawn when scream come from the pool area ahead . bryan hurry , then run . 46 ext . pool - night 46 the voltage be audible as Max roll onto he back , float lifelessly . security prevent people from diving in . a bystander yell -- bystander cut the power ! cut the power ! bryan enter the area . he see Julie be restrain . and a body in the water . as the estate go dark , bryan dive and hold Max , wading to the side with the lifeless body . CUT to : 47 ext . desolate oil field - day 47 a donkey train pass a derrick under a gather sky . on the back of one donkey the stinger crate bounce along . the donkey move through the antaean field as lightning cut the distant cloud . CUT to : 32 48 ext . riverfront - persian gulf - day 48 freight boat and water taxi plow up and down a river , back and forth , back and forth , as wasim enter along a wall in the foreground . he wear he best clothes and look freshly scrubbed as he pick he way along . he duck down a alley , stop . nervous , he catch he reflection in a shard of glass of a board - up window . wasim ( practicing ) Abu khalifa , thank you for this opportunity . I be a hard worker . I will not let you down . 49 ext . riverfront warehouse - day 49 a scraggly warehouse , the most basic of operation . worker carry goods in and out . wasim walk with abu khalifa , 42 , a gruff foreman . abu khalifa ( arabic ) two of my wife 's kid get deport for not have work . wasim ( halting arabic ) you do not have to pay I . let I show you how hard I work . and then decide whether to pay . for a moment it seem like this offer may win the day . abu khalifa I be sorry . I already have a long list for that , too . ( gruff again ) and if you want to work in this country , learn how to speak the language . wasim try and fail to hide he disappointment . CUT toâ €¢ 50 ext . cemetery - day 50 a mound of dirt under a blanket . a small mound . a Episcopal Minister say something soundlessly . the mourner be bryan and Julie 's age which mean they have small child . mourner hold child . ( continued ) 33 50 continued : 50 bryan hold riley and Julie stand beside they . Julie be weep . she notice bryan be completely stone - face . Julie watch two boy chase each other through the crowd , play tag , stifling they laughter . CUT to : 51 int . trailer - foreign worker compound - day 51 tight on johnny and ponyboy just before they run to catch the boxcar in the outsider . boy ( o.s. ) why be they run after he ? wasim ( o.s. ) maybe he have a knife or commit a crime or something . wasim , farooq , other man and boy watch a small tv in a cheap trailer , housing for immigrant labor . supertitle : foreign worker compound - persian gulf wasim sit with farooq watch the film . yunus , 6 , watch wasim , he older brother , with reverence . farooq they give we french fries at the madrassa . wasim 's father , saleem , enter with a few grocery . wasim papa , close the door . another friend his sister have a thing for you . wasim his sister have a big ass . ( to farooq ) of course , at the madrassa you do not have to worry about that . farooq and lamb . we get skewer of lamb . yunus I like lamb . the child 's face be light by the tv's glow light . 34 52 ( omit ) 52 53 ext . government plaza - day 53 against a wall , young men be frisk by police who tap they leg apart with baton . above they a watchful portrait of the emir , in epic pose , astride a stallion . a line of pakistani and filipino men wind out of a building . people be paranoid . no joke . eye darting . as more men arrive , police in riot gear watch they , shouting in Arabic into a bullhorn . yunus watch wasim and saleem . he mimic how he brother stand . a old man try to talk to they . old man hot today . can not remember the street this hot . saleem look around , see if anyone be listen , then take the old man 's arm . saleem you do not want to talk here . suddenly , a policeman shove saleem from behind . saleem turn to the officer , already apologize , but wasim step between they . the cop push wasim with he baton . policeman tough guy ? be that right , tough guy ? what 's you name , tough guy ? wasim do not say anything . yunus watch he father and brother . the cop poke wasim again with the stick -- policeman ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? wasim johnny . the policeman swiftly bring he club down on wasim 's head , drop he to he knee . other policemen close . saleem get in the middle , but be beat down . wasim try to reach for yunus who be scream and hit at the policeman 's leg . a club come down on wasim 's head -- CUT to : 35 54 ext . princeton university - day 54 perfect calm at a beautiful , rural ivy League campus with student strolling between building . 55 int . administration build - day 55 tight on note card of " conversational topic " and reminder to be " natural . " a perfect mother and father coach they perfect nervous daughter . nervous daughter I learn the value of diversity in my time at the model U.N. and , across the rich leather and wood anteroom of a Princeton admission office , Bob and robby also wait . robby maybe you will get make ambassador to somewhere cool , like France or Italy or Ghana . what 's you dad do ? he 's ambassador to Ghana . that 's so cool . I know . Bob look over at he son like he do not really know who this person be , which he do not . bob how 's you mom ? robby ( forced gaiety ) great ! she 's great ' . the perfect family glance over at they . after a beat -- robby ( cont 'd ) do you know what mom 's job be ? bob she 's a secretary . robby what do she do when you meet she ? bob she be a secretary . ( beat ) robby , be you nervous ? indignant robby speak loudly for the perfect family -- ( continued ) 36 55 continued : 55 robby I have be airlift out of foreign country and I speak three language because I have to . they will feel sorry for I . a admission officer signal to robby who disappear through the door . 56 int . kebab restaurant - day 56 a college dive restaurant . the worker be all lebanese immigrant . Bob and robby eat at a small table . robby I know it 's a year away but I will have to have a car . a decent car . nothing fancy , but it have to run . so I can get into Boston and New York . they have a great crew . that 's what they tell I . I say , crew of what ? ha , ha . they say , row . so ...if I want to row ... Bob quickly finish a glass of cheap , white wine . bob robby , you know , I live ... where do I live ? maryland . I live in maryland . meaning you have residency there . in maryland . for the University . of maryland . robby liberally use the hot sauce . two lebanese men at another table nod in approval . robby fire off Arabic . robby ( arabic ) lebanese be like vanilla . you want hot , try Pakistan . the man can not believe this kid speak Arabic . robby turn back to Bob and say what 's really on he mind . robby ( cont 'd ) I just want a normal senior year . I want to live in a normal house . I want cinemax and prom . you know what prom be like in Pakistan ? prom suck in Pakistan . Bob look at he kid with love , the real thing . ( continued ) 37 56 continued : 56 bob robby , it 's complicated . I may have really screw up at work . robby how ? bob I be suppose to keep my mouth shut and do not . robby be disappointed and angry . robby what do Mom do again that we have to live in Islamabad ? bob she 's a secretary . robby turn back to the arab man -- robby ( arabic ) both of my parent be professional liar . Bob and robby be the only occidental in the place . CUT to : 57 ext . U.S. attorney' office - D.C. - day 57 bennett exit a cab in front of the justice Department building . the FBI loom just down the street . 58 int . donald farish office - day 58 donald farish III , 60' , longer hair than you would expect , talk on he cell phone , foot kick up on the desk . two Assistant U.S. attorney stare at bennett . farish ( into phone ) hey , how bad be it ? ouch . when a volvo dealer say that . okay , you be honorable decent guy . farish click off the cell phone , turn to bennett . farish ( cont 'd ) my wife and we narrow driveway . ( beat ) how the hell be you ? ( continued ) 38 58 continued : 58 bennett you know , can not complain . farish that 's not good , kiddo . that 's suffer quietly . married ? kid ? bennett shake he head . farish look he over like a good diagnostician inspect a patient . then -- farish ( cont 'd ) there be no way a company like killeen pull off a deal like this without pay somebody off . bennett shrug . look at the asst . they do not smile . bennett why do not you tell I what you have so I can respond ? farish look at he guy . they all choke back laugh . farish I use to think something be wrong here . now , I know something 's wrong here . he stand , tall , imperious . walk around he desk . perches on the edge , tower over bennett . farish ( cont 'd ) either you do not find anything because you do not know how to look . or you do and they carve you out and light you on fire . ( to he guy ) that 's gotta be the play , right ? bennett do not say anything . farish pick up a file , scan it : bennett 's particular therein . farish ( cont 'd ) you be so under- qualified it 's laughable . Sydney hewitt 's new boy . how many of that have I see ? they be all go ; he 's still Sydney Fucking hewitt . bennett I guess you guy really have a handle on the angle . the U.S. Attorney team share a moment at he expense . ( continued ) 39 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 farish let 's talk about we old friend the holder memoranda . in charge a corporation or -- bennett sentence a company after a guilty plea , cooperation will be factore in , which include wave the privilege afforded they attorney . farish ( dawning ) right ... I remember you now . strong a in Environmental Law . bennett ( to the assistant ) he be a easy grader . farish not anymore . 59 int . squash court - day 59 the sharp sound of squash . look through the opaque square of plexiglas in the door to a squash court , Sydney and bennett grunt and lunge and sweat . sydney I take a bit of a temperature read . the other associate seem to like you . that 's not really a good sign . bennett I be sorry , Sir . high angle - down to the fishbowl aspect of the court . Sydney have a very good serve . as they talk he win three point in a row , bennett lung at the spin ball . bennett ( cont 'd ) Sir , I do not want to get ahead of myself , but Kazakhstan ... you get capitalist with a k -- Point . sydney six apiece . ( continued ) 40 59 continued : 59 bennett you get banker gangster , gangster banker . the Federal prosecutor be a good man . smart . honest -- sydney inherite a ton of dough -- Point . sydney ( cont 'd ) Seven . - six . already get he mind make up . get he tooth in it like a little terrier . as Sydney be talk , he win the point . sydney ( cont 'd ) eight - six. Match point . bennett I think they have get someone inside the deal . somebody they can squeeze . , sydney like a informant ? bennett yes , sir. like a informant . just my feel base on they overconfidence . Sydney ace bennett . sydney Match ! he turn and hold out he hand . 60 int . club room - day 60 the casual bar of a fancy , D.C. Men 's Club . very old money . lot of power . membership include one woman , one Jew , and Vernon Jordan . bennett and Sydney eat lunch . sydney if people in oil deal talk to U.S. attorney , there would be no oil business . dean whiting , 60' , congenial , but powerful in build , a ex -marine , a insider for forty year , wander over . ( continued ) 41 60 continued : 60 sydney ( cont 'd ) Dean , you know bennett holiday . bennett good to see you again , Sir . sydney we have be discuss the connex - killeen merger situation . whiting will they get approval ? helluva large company if they do . I mean , client . bennett I do not know , Sir . the tengiz field , killeen 's large asset , be be look at pretty heavily by the U.S. Attorney 's office . Sydney hewitt nod to another club member . bennett turn to see donald farish III join a far table . whiting well , bennett , as they say in the bible , there be many , many way to light Europe . CUT to : 61 int . bedroom - woodman house - night 61 a light switch on . bryan and Julie be both awake listen to riley crying down the hall . it 's unnerve , but neither one move right away , perhaps hope he will fall back asleep . julie I wish I could just believe he 's float around on a cloud or in the corner watch we . Julie want bryan to comfort she , but he do not . bryan that minister eulogize we child make I sick . how do you eulogize a child ? he be great at play . he love popsicle . she roll into he and he hold she , but he 's stare at the ceiling as the child 's cry echo down the hallway . 42 62 int . riley's bedroom - night 62 bryan open the door to he son 's bedroom . riley be stand in he crib , cry inconsolably . riley ( he voice catch ) I want to look out the window . he hold up he arm for he father who lift he . they walk to the window . riley stop cry instantly , as child will , and shimmy out of he dad 's arm . at the window , they stand together , silhouett against the dark night and distant street light . CUT to : 63 int . corridor - day 63 Bob and Fred franks walk down a institutional white corridor . franks nothing like the straight poop to wake them up on the 7th floor . and the amiri brother . darn nice work . darn nice . how're you find everything ? must be a little slow - pace , a little dull ? bob Intelligence work be not training seminar and little gold star for attendance . franks what do you think intelligence work be , Bob ? they turn a corner which give way to another institutional white corridor . bob it 's two people in a room and one of they be ask a favor that 's a capital crime in every country on earth . a hang crime . another corner . another white hallway . ( continued ) 43 63 continued : 63 franks no , Bob . it 's assess the information gather from that favor and balance it against all the other information gather from all the other favor . franks smile . open a door to a white , windowless room . 64 int . white , windowless task force room - day 64 it 's so white it 's hard to see the line of anything . people around a conference table . division chief , a woman in she 40' , patrician and smooth , at the head . easel with picture : Prince nasir , MSA - the egyptian with Blue eye . the egypt chief be talk . Bob sit . division chief welcome , bob. good news . we have something for you , something we think you will like , that make use of you specific skill set . egypt bureau chief . in the past he have be harbore as a guest of the royal family . a photo of the dedication of a new Water Ministry administration Building . see nasir and meshal and , in the background , the egyptian with blue eye . division chief ( addressing bob ) you know this guy ? the division Chief point to Prince nasir on a street . bob Prince nasir Al -subaai . franks his money 's in a lot of dark corner , pay for weapon that could be use against the USA . franks slide Bob a thick file on Prince nasir Al - subaai . franks ( cont 'd ) paperwork on the polygraph . Wire transfer to Qaeda front . letter instruct he Water Ministry to employ Mohammed Sheik agiza , the guy who have you missile . ( continued ) 44 64 continued : 64 division chief he 's travel to Beirut . you have some experience in Beirut , do not you , Bob ? bob it 's a great city . everybody chuckle . division chief this be a bad guy and we need he off the table . who know , maybe you will even find you blue- eye egyptian . franks I gotta get go a little early , my daughter 's soccer tournament . the division chief pass behind Bob 's chair -- bob do you see my report on the missile ? I reset guidance to blow ten foot off the ground -- division chief Bob , you just do not get it . nobody want to hear about a miss missile , not right now . besides , the ragheads will never be able to figure out how it work . she lean down , tap the nasir file , whisper . division chief ( cont 'd ) this be top of the director 's list . hit a walk - off home run and you will get any desk you want . 65 int . t.j. o'toole be - day 65 happy hour at a mall pub . Bob and stanley " stan " goff , 50' , moustache , glass , windbreaker , ex-number three in CIA , smarter than he look , drink beer and watch tv . stan how 's Margaret ? divorce yet ? bob we be not get divorced . Stan look at he like he 's kid himself . ( continued ) 45 65 continued : 65 stan I be tell you , Bobby my boy , number three be the charm . bob what about this c.l.z . - Committee to liberate Iran ? stan patriotic man donate they time , whose only goal be the full employment - and personal safety of every american . Bob glance sideways at he . stan ( cont 'd ) in that order . bob my goal be always to own a bar in macau , before macau get ruin like everywhere else . stan there 's nowhere leave in the world to own a real bar , Bobby my boy , but I will tell you one thing , you could quit right now , I will get you hire back tomorrow as a. private consultant . you will be do the exact same job , sit in the exact same office , only at double the salary . bob I be not do anything sit in that office . that 's the problem . ( to the bartender ) bourbon rock -- Bob glance up at the tv . on tv : financial news , bryan woodman in front of the trading floor at he company . bryan ( on tv ) if on Monday khatami refuse the i.a.e.a. inspector , look for crude price to spike yet again . push into the television -- CUT to : 46 66 int . mini - studio - day 66 bryan under the light , listen . on closer inspection he look tired and he tie be loosen . bryan it 's not like it 's any secret Iran will refuse the snap inspection . ( after a pause ) okay . thank you , Rebecca . bryan nod and the light go off on bryan . he stare -- boss ( o.s. ) go home . bryan it be a stupid question , Henry . vincent ( o.s. ) the Prince 's man call again . ( defensive ) I be just tell he . CUT to : 67 ext . mall parking lot - night 67 Bob and Stan drunkenly exit t.j. O'Toole 's into the standard suburban mall parking lot . there be a bright multiplex sign . family and teenager stroll . stan I like consulting . no , I love it . Love it . and I will say this for it , private business be efficient . there I say it . Fucking cliche . and the CIA be like what , a thirty billion a year business . so anybody want to sell anything , a pencil , a computer , they gotta interface through a security clearance -- do not give I shit -- I get two kid in college and we be do we kitchen . bob Stan , I get a chance to go back . I want to go back . be it safe for I ? ( continued ) 47 67 continued : 67 stan you talk about with you wife or the wackos ? Bob do not say anything . he look away . stan ( cont 'd ) clear it with Hezbollah ... shit , I be late to pick up Sue . Stan hit he remote lock and leave Bob stand there . Wide shot of Bob alone in the mall lot gently sloping to ikea cobalt blue in the distance . CUT to : 68 ext . campfire - night 68 the bolt action of a gleam hunt rifle . Danny D. , the " oilman " whose congressional testimony be broadcast on cspan , sight a weapon . danny D. be the Caspian a lake or a sea ? bennett sea. Caspian Sea . like seashore . danny D. look like Lake Michigan . size of Lake Michigan . the Red Sea open into the indian Ocean -- Jimmy Pope and other hunter drink and clean thirty ought six , they face light by firelight . jimmy Caspian 's surround . like a pond . Caspian pond . danny D. France and Russia want it to be a pond , that 's for damn sure . the Caspian , I mean . in some court somewhere right now . ( beat ) moot point , hopefully . a animal carcass rotate on a spit over the fire . ( continued ) 48 68 continued : 68 jimmy ( to bennett ) Mr. janus , Chairman of connex , and Dean white , founding partner of you firm , be proud member of the Committee to liberate Iran . Danny D. here be , too . danny D. D. be for dalton . I be on the other side of the tengiz deal . bennett the other side ? jimmy El presidente nazerbayev 's best pal in the whole world . danny D. it 's a beautiful field . goddamn , be it a beautiful field . Danny hand a clean , check rifle to bennett . danny D. ( cont 'd ) I guarantee we will let the air out of some tomorrow . 69 ext . 777 ranch - hondo , TEXAS - day 69 a herd of zebra trot across a field and distant gunshot crack through the pine forest . this be a private game preserve , 10,000 acre of " conservation . " a large sign show a buck in cross-hair and ` 777 ranch - experience Wildlife from four continent in Texas . " danny D. ( o.s. ) I believe in get inside they personal space . so it 's you and he and nothing else . that 's eighteen yard for a tiger or rhino ... bennett and Jimmy ride in the back of a " wagon , " a modify shoot platform pull behind a Jeep . Â€¢ jimmy six billion barrel of oil , a billion of natural gas liquid , fourteen trillion cubic foot of gas -- ( continued ) 49 69 continued : 69 Danny D. 's conversation float up from a lower platform . danny D. ( o.s. ) man , I mean to tell you , by the end , you get blood of lion , baboon , rhino on you dungaree . bennett , wear a orange vest over he casual clothes , seem uneasy . Jimmy yell down to he friend . jimmy that 's kenya , Danny , not one of this turkey shoot . danny D. bred animal kill , too , Jimmy . Jimmy continue he think to bennett . jimmy fuck connex . Fucking slant - driller . do not know why I ever sell them my company in the first place . here , take you pick . he hand bennett a thick catalogue . angle on catalogue : page of animal you can shoot with picture and description . addax -- " this large African antelope be white with a gray mask face . it 's horn corkscrew up make multiple twist in both sex . large male can weigh 275 lb . both male and female make handsome trophy . jimmy ( cont 'd ) the tengiz be the Holy grail . you get into that stream , nobody in you family will ever have to clean a toilet again . bennett I have a feel this U.S. Attorney have a source . jimmy like somebody who do not get into tengiz and be piss off about it . bennett any idea who that might be ? Jimmy look at bennett like he be just bear . ( continued ) 50 69 continued : ( 2 ) 69 jimmy how ' bout every other oil company in the world . ( be : the catalogue ) what 's you fancy ? bennett randomly pick a animal from the list . jimmy ( cont 'd ) the kudu . good choice . ( call to driver ) floyd . kudu . bennett see in the distance " beater boy , " mexican man in orange jacket , flush quail for a party of hunter . 70 ( omit ) 70 71 angle later 71 in the distance a massive kudu , tame as a house cat , unafraid of gun or people , stand near a feeder . danny ( o.s. ) ( whisper ) kudu . Big bull . bennett hesitates . Jimmy look at he . bennett I be not sure -- jimmy Jesus H. Christ . kudu be rare . get that gun up . bennett lift the rifle . through the cross -hair the kudu be gigantic and unaware of the hunter . danny D. ( o.s. ) he 's get 52 inch horn . maybe 54 . the kudu look at bennett . a uncomfortable beat -- jimmy ( o.s. ) come on , son . he will not wait all day . finally bennett pull the trigger . the gun be loud . he stare , then slowly pull back from the scope . danny D. ( o.s. ) lung shot . he 's gonna run a bit . 51 72 ext . thicket - 777 ranch - day 72 the sound of they foot - tromp , tromp , tromp - as Jimmy and bennett move through dense thicket look for the wounded animal . jimmy my granddaddy be a wildcatter . same with my daddy . that 's how I get my start . luck and hard work . nobody hand I shit . now , I get library and park name after I . and I will probably ruin the grand - kid . you wear a wire , bennett ? bennett no . jimmy mind if I pat you down ? Jimmy check for a recording device . he 's clean . jimmy ( cont 'd ) we all tell ourselves little storey , bennett . sometimes I be the flame burn in the jefferson Memorial . other time I be a guy with he nose press up against the window of a whorehouse -- suddenly there 's a rustling as a large animal pass somewhere close . bennett freeze . Jimmy look at he . jimmy ( cont 'd ) boar . ( beat ) this deal snap the light on in the kitchen and the rodent all scurry . now you be stand there under the light try to point to where they all go . ( beat ) do not be the one catch out in the kitchen . Jimmy unsling he rifle and motion to where , obscure in the thicket , a pair of intense die eye stare back . jimmy ( cont 'd ) what would you daddy do , bennett ? ( continued ) 52 72 continued : 72 bennett I do not know who my father be . on bennett as Jimmy fire -- CUT to : 73 int . taxi - beirut - day 73 Bob ride in a taxi through the street of Beirut , a city that be once the Paris of the Middle - East : dust , noise , construction crane , and knock - off designer clothes . supertitle : beirut , lebanon they turn off the wide airport road into a warren of narrow street . the cab stop and the driver turn -- cabbie Southern suburb . Bob happily wave he on . street narrow . people stare . bob how can you tell if you be talk to a shiite or a sunni Muslim . ( beat ) if you feel like shee-ite you pants you know . the driver glance at Bob in the rearview . outside a man have a gun stick in he waistband . another man on a roof have a rifle . a paranoid , guard place . they turn and suddenly a metal gate be across the road . men pour out around the car . flannel shirt , olive drab army shirt , beard , no beard , gun in waistband . Bob 's door be open and he be yank from the cab . bob ( cont 'd ) I be here to see Said hashimi . they roughly frisk Bob . bob ( cont 'd ) hashimi . Said hashimi . they take he pen , remove he belt , check he passport : it 's canadian . Bob 's picture . the name be seymour risen . they check he license : the name be seymour risen . ( continued ) 53 73 continued : 73 Bob be push into another vehicle . someone pull bill from Bob 's wallet and flip they to the cabbie . the gate rise . the car pull away . the gate drop . the cabbie be leave stand there hold the bill . 74 int . anterior room - hezbollah complex - day 74 1970 's arab architecture . large room . Wide doorway . Wide hallway . Wide stair . no direct sunlight or sight - line . local farmer , worker wait . flannel cross to olive drab . both have gun in they waistband . they talk quietly , then laugh . Bob sit on a low couch . opaque glass separate two room and shadow move behind it . someone offer Bob hot tea . a door open and a man signal for Bob , who get up , hold he pants . 75 int . hashimi be room - day 75 dim light . a air-conditioner hum in the wall . say hossein hashimi , 80' , tolstoyan grey beard , turban , rheumy eye , the spiritual leader of the Hezbollah , sit in a high - back chair in a corner . Bob sit in a high - back chair near hashimi . the young man revere hashimi and guard he carefully . say hashimi I have a good feel about american people , Bob . a good people . a welcoming people . there be ten million Muslims in the U.S. I have over 300000 follower in Detroit alone . bob thank you for this audience . I have a business proposal for mussawi . one that benefit everyone . hashimi nod magisterially . say hashimi mussawi be a energetic young man . ( beat ) you Arabic be very good . ( continued ) 54 75 continued : 75 the power cut out . the air-conditioner slowly die out . it 's near dark in the room . the guard move nervously toward Bob and Said hashimi . bob I think it would also be prudent to say , I have no interest in Hezbollah . this be business and it do not concern Hezbollah . in the distance a dog bark and chicken cluck . after a beat , hashimi turn he rheumy eye on Bob . hashimi if what you say be true , consider yourself welcome in Lebanon . the generator come on with a distant whir . the light come on . a man cross to the air-conditioner , reach up and trip the circuit breaker , bring it back to life . CUT to : 76 int . grotto - beirut - day 76 a ancient grotto where the early Christians use to hide , be discover , and execute . a tourist attraction , it 's a cool , vast , dimly light , subterranean space . Bob read a description of a stalactite formation . he be alone , wait for someone . the grotto echoes . in the distance , two arab school child , play with the echoe , do a little dance step and rap out , in break English , a well - know american song . mussawi I gotta ask you one question . Amin shehab ... car accident ? Bob turn to look at mussawi , 30' , closely - shave bullet head , seemingly good - nature , a businessman , he speak English with a New Jersey accent . bob yeah , sure . only one of they be propel by gas and the other by C - 4. mussawi the papers say heart attack . Bob nod pleasantly . ( continued ) 55 76 continued : 76 bob he see a engine come at he at 27,000 foot per second and he heart stop . this settles a beat . mussawi rumor of Bob , but never Bob . it be Bob , right ? what be it you tell people you do this day , Bob ? bob I be between State Department and Defense . Bob surreptitiously look around to see if mussawi be alone . it 's clear Bob make he nervous as well . mussawi just I , buddy , as request . Bob reach inside he jacket . mussawi reach in he . bob I be get some information , Jimmy . mussawi my name be mussawi . Bob hand a picture to mussawi . bob okay , Jimmy . mussawi glance down at the picture . it surprise he . angle on the picture of prince nasir crossing a street . Bob have a small pad on which he scribbles a dollar figure . mussawi glance at the number . he 's impressed . mussawi he 's travel to Beirut . it 's dangerous to travel . he will disappear . bob I want you to drug he , put he in the front of a car and run a truck into it at fifty mile a hour . mussawi it 's good to have you back in town , Bob . ( continued ) 56 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 mussawi turn and walk away , sing some familiar song . CUT to : 77 ext . CITY - persian gulf - day 77 drifting above tall glass building . construction crane everywhere . 78 int . shangri -la HOTEL room - day 78 tall glass building rise out of the white desert . Pan and find bryan woodman stare out the window . he 's on he cell phone . bryan ( into phone ) there 's a arrow on the ceiling point the direction of Mecca . ( beat ) the Bin Laden group air - condition Mecca . one of they big project . they make billion and billion . no response on the phone . bryan ( cont 'd ) woman be cover head - to-foot walk five foot behind the man . ( beat ) it 's humid . 125 degree and humid . I walk out of the airport and it be like a wall fall on I . all the Arabs in white sheet . it say , it 's hot and I do not have to work . I would like to see they play baseball dress like this . he dwindle away . silence on the other end of the phone . bryan ( cont 'd ) Fine . I be fine . ( beat ) no , I be fine . ( beat ) how be you ? more silence . he look down at the swim pool of the luxury hotel , a peaceful blue aberration in the desiccate landscape . 57 79 int . lobby - shangri -la HOTEL - day 79 bryan stand alone under a vault atrium . a arab man in white separate from a group and usher he outside . 80 ext . desert drive - day 80 tapioca dune drift away for mile . a oryx nest with two of its young . a Range Rover split the dune . 81 ext . nasir' desert house - day 81 on the deck of a elegant desert house compose mainly of tent and sail a supplicant beseech a favor from Prince nasir who read a newspaper and watch tv . supplicant you generosity be bigger than a mountain that shade we from the burn sun . I humbly ask for my citizenship expiry date to be extend . the Prince nod he assent . across the deck bryan sit with the princess al - subaai , 30 , a westernize young woman with dignity beyond she year . they watch as nasir be serve coffee by servant who make sure not to block he view of the financial news . the supplicant stare at the princess . princess al-subaai they hate I be here , dress like this . my husband tell they , she 's a medical doctor , she will examine you child , but only without a veil . a secretary check a list and usher another supplicant forward . supplicant # 2 the money give for my child 's education be spend on farming and camel , but you benevolence be like the shade of palm tree in a oasis . nasir nod then make he way over . bryan watch the princess smile . her husband kiss she cheek . nasir sit . prince nasir my father have order the marbella estate to be raze . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 81 continued : 81 prince nasir ( cont 'd ) there will be a park . to lose a first bear son ... nasir do not know what to say . princess al-subaai we be very sorry for you loss . prince nasir a house main be run in the wrong place . the cover for the wiring have deteriorate . bryan just stare at he . prince nasir ( cont 'd ) you be very angry . I understand . bryan you can not possibly understand . 82 ext . desert ruins - day 82 tight on a falcon 's face . heat ripple across flat , white desert . it 's hallucinogenic . nasir a ancestor of mine own this bird 's ancestor before Christ be bear . the falcon catch a updraft and rise effortlessly . nasir ( cont 'd ) six more North field block will be available for development . we would like to offer you firm the right to represent they . bryan six block . which phase ? nasir phase three . bryan ( calculating ) twenty -seven , twenty - eight million cubic meter per day . we will be in the stream for what , ten one hundredth of a cent , which be , roughly ... seventy - five million dollar . nasir nod . ( continued ) 59 82 continued : 82 bryan ( cont 'd ) great . that 's great . seventy - five million dollar ... ( beat ) how much for my other kid ? Prince nasir stare at bryan . bryan ( cont 'd ) if I be you economic advisor I would tell you it 's not the dumbest thing you have ever do , but it will probably be the dumbest thing you do today . probably . ( beat ) but why would you need a economic advisor ? twenty year ago you have the high gnp in the world and now you be tie with paraguay . you second biggest export be second - hand goods . follow by date on which you lose five cent a pound . ( beat ) you want to know what the business world think of you . they think a hundred year ago you be chopping each other 's head off in the desert and that 's exactly where you will be in another hundred . so , yes , on behalf of my firm , I accept you money ... nasir okay , fine . I will have the money forward to you firm immediately . ( beat ) and I will give you another hundred million for the other kid . they look at each other . nasir ( cont 'd ) ok . so now that you be my economic advisor ; tell I something I have not hear . bryan stare a beat , think . bryan okay . you want a idea , here 's a idea . ( continued ) 60 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 he draw in the sand : he draw nasir 's kingdom , the Persian Gulf , Iran . Turkey . and Europe . bryan ( cont 'd ) you kingdom be here . the North field be here . Europe be here . because of trade restriction and outdated alliance , you have be sell you gas for peanut , load it on ship , and wave as it sail away . ( be : the stick ) but , pretend for a second this be excess iranian pipeline capacity . he lay the stick across the circle in the sand like a overland pipe run to Europe . bryan ( cont 'd ) here be you route . overland . through Iran . you commoditize it , you control it , you take it right to the front door of every home in Europe . you profit just go up by a factor of three , possibly four . I think that 's a pretty good idea . overhead the falcon spiral higher and higher , chase . each other in the sky . the rise murmur of amens -- CUT to : 83 int . suburban mega church - day 83 a cavernous mega church , a religious Wal - Mart with 8500 worshipper in stadium seating . reverand stewart , 30' , intelligent and sincere , wear a headset -- reverand stewart and when Jesus have be baptize , just as he come up from the water , suddenly the heaven be open and he see the Spirit of God descend like a dove and alight on he . and a voice from heaven say , " this be my Son , the belove , with whom I be well pleased . " let we pray : 0 God , open we heart to you word and open you word to we heart . amen . amens . Danny dalton , he wife and child sit in good seat up front . Danny have a flag pin on he lapel . ( continued ) 61 83 continued : 83 reverand stewart ( cont 'd ) this be the third in we four week series on luke 2:52 . and Jesus continue to grow in wisdom , stature , and in the love of God and that who know he . the task be not get more of God , but let God get more of we . High above the pulpit , dead center of the auditorium be a giant american flag wave under the cross . slowly the murmuring rise of different prayer . CUT to : 84 int . mosque - persian gulf - day 84 a long narrow mosque pack with man kneel shoulder to shoulder chanting prayer . most of they be under thirty . they movement be unify and ecstatic . the cleric ( v.0 . ) they will try to disguise the difference , to make Muslims who speak about religion appear to be fanatics or backward people . 85 int . madrassa - day 85 boy study at small desk . boy chant . boy line up . even smaller boy at smaller desk . 86 int . SMALL room - madrassa - day 86 a circle of teenager , round - shoulder , melancholy , include farooq and wasim , sit at a table eat lamb and french fries . the cleric ( v.0 . ) they will tell we the dispute be over economic resource or military domination and if we believe that we play right into they hand , with only ourselves to blame . there be a remarkable contrast between the set at the government barrack ( sterile , poor ) and the mosque ( warm , rich ) . the teenager wear serious expression and try / fail to be respectful as they gorge . ( continued ) 62 86 continued : 86 the cleric ( cont 'd ) no . the divide between human nature and modern life cannot be bridge by free trade . no. it can not be cure with deregulation , privatization , openness or lower tax . no. the cleric , 40 , be a serene man whose beard and glass make he appear older than he age . wasim watch as he talk in hypnotic cadence , make eye contact with each boy in turn . the cleric ( cont 'd ) the pain of live in the modern world will never be solve by a liberal society . the cleric 's sympathetic gaze fall on wasim who be bruise with black eye from he beat . the cleric ( cont 'd ) liberal society have fail . Christian theology have fail . the West have fail . he serve more lamb and vegetable to wasim 's plate . wasim begin hungrily eat again . 87 ext . madrassa communal farm - day 87 boy pull a plow in the field . the sound of bee . the cleric ( v.0 . ) the divine and the worldly be but a single concept and that concept be Koran . they walk past bee hive space across the desert . farooq and wasim and two other be with he . the cleric ( cont 'd ) no separation of religion and state - Koran . instead of king legislate and slave obey - Koran . they stand in a corn field grow in the desert . the boy be impressed with themselves as only young , uneducate man can be when discuss philosophy and politics with a learn man . ( continued ) 63 87 continued : 87 the cleric ( cont 'd ) the true confrontation be over Islam . they must eradicate Islam in order to rescue they own doctrine from extinction . true Islam will end up partial Islam . and partial Islam can not exist . the cleric bend down to pull a weed . the cleric ( cont 'd ) do you believe I when I tell you this ? wasim watch farooq nod emphatically . they be full and the cleric seem to know everything in the world . the cleric survey the boy with quiet exaltation , he tenderness and compassion begin to affect wasim . the cleric ( cont 'd ) now , who would like sweet before prayer ? 88 ( omit ) 88 CUT to : 89 ext . government hall - beirut - day 89 a banner read : union of arab nation - beirut , lebanon Wide step in a wide plaza . a crowd watch as important men , include Prince nasir , sweep down the marble stair to microphone . the PRESS snap photo . prince nasir we begin the process of empower a new generation of Arabs with the skill and training necessary to succeed globally ... bryan clap dutifully . but he 's on the phone , the cord dangle from ear to blackberry which read " work . " bryan ( into phone ) he invite I to come with he . I think he think he 's somekindof reformer . he 's get a nice jet . okay , very nice . hold on a sec -- he glance at the blackberry screen . another call -- julie home . he hit " ignore call . " ( continued ) 64 89 continued : 89 bryan ( cont 'd ) Julie 's fine with it . prince nasir we 13 point document be a agreement on principle call for great political freedom , good governance and transparency , advanced civil liberty and human rights , woman 's rights , and judicial reform . bryan 's phone vibrate again - julie home . he turn the phone off . prince nasir ( cont 'd ) however , unlike Washington 's Greater Middle East initiative , we respect each country 's right to move at its own pace . applause . one leader after another solemnly shake hand with nasir as a photographer record the moment . angle - a weathered man in the crowd with a student 's backpack at he foot . prince nasir move down the step . bryan and the rest of he entourage join he head toward black limousine . weathered man pick up he pack , move around the crowd , slip past a barrier . weathered man ( arabic ) ( to Prince nasir ) you be a good man . I want to shake you hand . the bodyguard and police start shouting in Arabic . guard ( arabic ) stop . do not move -- weathered man wear a serious expression head straight for nasir who turn and see he -- weathered man ( arabic ) you be good man . like Sadat , you will shake my hand . good man . the guard be scream . people start scatter -- the weathered man be reach in he backpack -- ( continued ) 65 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 bodyguard grab nasir , hustling he toward a limo . bryan lung after they -- the weathered man be tackle and pummele . the limo race away , siren blaring , flag fly . the weathered man be hold and searched . they find pen and pad . his spill bag hold book . 90 int . limousine - day 90 nasir and bryan in a stretch with bodyguard as they race away with siren blaring and flag fly . bryan be pale . he watch Prince nasir settle back into he seat . a aide fire Arabic at he . aide ( arabic ) you highness , do you still want to meet and greet ? prince nasir ( arabic ) everything as schedule . nasir look out the window . he switch to English for bryan but be speak more to himself . prince nasir ( cont 'd ) respect the right to move at they own pace . respect the right to do nothing be more like it . except condemn Israel and strengthen the conservative religious movement . 91 int . albergo lobby - day 91 Prince nasir and he party enter the hotel and sweep through the lobby . they approach the elevator . bryan and Prince nasir and one bodyguard enter a elevator . 92 int . elevator - albergo - day .92 the elevator tone at another floor . the elevator stop , the door open and bob stand there . prince nasir american ? bob canadian . nasir motion for they to squeeze together for Bob . the gate close . the lift creak and begin to rise . ( continued ) 66 92 continued : 92 nasir be look at Bob . prince nasir do not see many occidental this day . Bob do not say anything . prince nasir ( cont 'd ) it 's too bad . Bob nod again . as the elevator move higher more light flood in through the wire mesh . Bob 's eye meet nasir 's . 93 ext . rooftop garden - albergo - day 93 Prince nasir , bryan , and bodyguard sit with a larger party across the rooftop garden . Bob sit by himself eat a sandwich . from below there be the distant thumping of a car stereo . a little bird dance along the railing watch for crumb . all of Beirut be spread out below . push past the bird over the railing where seven floor below a Toyota land cruiser pull around the hotel . 94 int . albergo lobby - day 94 a employee approach another employee at the desk and furtively pull she away . angle through a door to the front of the hotel , which be now completely empty , except for the Toyota land cruiser with dark tinted window and five antennae . the stereo be thumping some odd american song . 95 ext . rooftop garden - day 95 Bob put down bill for he check . the waiter be nowhere to be see . there 's no one behind the bar . no one at the waiter 's station . Bob glance over at Prince nasir who be laugh at something in the Wall Street Journal . 96 int . albergo lobby - day 96 Shots of the empty lobby , someone dinging the bell . everyone have disappear . 67 97 int . albergo hallway - day 97 Bob outside he hotel room door . the hallway be empty . 98 int . bob be HOTEL room - day 98 Bob enter he room , chain the door . he turn and three men with gun be stand there . he 's slam against the door . Duct tape around he mouth , he arm tape back , he leg wrap . a black duffel bag go over he , swallow the light . 99 ext . land cruiser - day 99 the duffle be heave into the back of the land cruiser with a thud . the trunk gate be slam -- match CUT to : 100 ext . SMALL warehouse - day 100 the door of a ups truck open . box load on a dolly . follow the dolly into -- 101 int . SMALL warehouse - day 101 a small warehouse . Roll past a few desk , some lamp . the dolly stop . tilt up to find -- bennett finish a file and start another . and beyond , a dozen paralegals and the mountain of box hold 1.3 million page of document . bennett 's phone vibrate loudly . he check the number . 102 int . bar - day 102 tight on a hand write " business " card that say , " if you find I , call my son , bennett Jr. , at this number . " bennett take the card from a bartender and find he father slump in the corner of a seedy bar . CUT to : 103 int . bare bulb apartment - day 103 a rundown kitchen . the window be seal . in another room three men eat lunch , share a two liter bottle of Mecca cola , gossipe in Arabic . ( continued ) 68 103 continued : 103 on a wooden table be a generator , a homemade shocking device the size of masonry brick with a long wire to the generator , and a thick pair of rubber glove . Bob be duct - tape tightly to a chair . his face be batter . his mouth be crack . he 's severely dehydrated . his hand and foot be dark purple and swollen . a door open . footstep . mussawi 's voice -- mussawi ( o.s. ) Bob , what do you know about torture method use by the chinese on the falun gong ? number one method ? what 's you guess ? Water dungeon ? do - you guess water dungeon ? impractical here . Bob 's Pov of mussawi crossing to the generator . he use the hand crank , which make a grind SOUND . mussawi ( cont 'd ) number two method ? number two : twist arm , put face in fece . not interested in two . number three ? number three they call pull nail from finger . what do you think , Bob ? do number three sound good to you ? he let go of the generator and pick up a evil- look pair of plier the size of bolt-cutter . Bob 's Pov over he own hand as mussawi approach . mussawi ( cont 'd ) the purpose be to get they to recant they belief . mussawi circle behind Bob who try to speak but he throat be too dry . other men hold the chair steady . mussawi ( cont 'd ) what if I have to get you to ' recant ? that would be difficult , right ? because if you have no belief to recant , then what ? Bob wiggle he hand as if they could escape . someone mash Bob 's right hand flat , splaying the finger . mussawi ( cont 'd ) you be fuck be what . the plier fix on the nail of he pinkie . ( continued ) 69 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 mussawi ( cont 'd ) Bob , you be gonna give I the name of every person who have take money from you . Bob stare at he . say nothing . slowly mussawi pull with the plier . Bob 's eye half - close . mussawi jerk away . there 's a fingernail in the plier . mussawi retch . mussawi ( cont 'd ) ugh . that 's disgusting . Bob be daze . they throw water in he face . mussawi ( cont 'd ) come on , Bob . help I out here . as water drip down Bob 's face he hold he tongue out and drink . his voice return . bob ( re : MSA ) Jimmy , you be not one of this Koran thumper . the plier attach to another nail . mussawi the name be mussawi . tight on the plier and nail as , ever so slowly , it be rip from Bob 's hand . 104 angle - later 104 bob 's'pov - as he eye open , water in they again , he hand in the foreground -- all the nail be gone . mussawi lean in tight , furious . mussawi you fuck fuck , fuck fuck stupid fuck , what the fuck . this be war you fuck . you be a p.o.fuckingw . give I the fuck name . from Bob 's Pov mussawi lose he shit . he start batter Bob , blood fly in rope , the chair slide across the floor . the man watch without expression . ( continued ) 70 104 continued : 104 the force of a blow knock the chair over and Bob 's Pov be tilt against the floor . he hear he heart and rag breath . from this angle , he see mussawi cross to the table where he pick up a handsaw . mussawi ( arabic ) ( cont 'd ) I be cut he fuck head off . his foot approach Bob . then a door slamm open . and more foot , sandale , in jalabas . Bob 's Pov of hashimi be men enter the room . they shout . hashimi be men ( arabic ) the say be very angry with you , mussawi . the Said keep he word . you be we guest , too , mussawi . 105 angle -- later 105 a empty Mecca cola plastic bottle and other refuse , then Bob , freed from the tape , appear to be dead . his eye-lid flutter ever so slightly . he twitches . jerk into consciousness . his eye fix on a postcard lean against a cola bottle . his Pov of the picture on the card : a orphanage with Said hashimi 's picture inlaid . and , write on the card : consider a donation on you way out of beirut . CUT to : 106 ext . riverfront - persian gulf - day 106 the stinger crate be pass from one ancient vessel to another as we slowly pull back to reveal hundred of boat in a beehive of unregulate trade . CUT to : 107 a fuel truck 107 roll up next to a private jet . the fuel begin to tick , thousand of dollar spin by on the pump . bryan and Prince nasir and other pass by and climb the step to the plane - CUT to : 71 108 a hospital room 108 Bob in a six bed room . nobody visit . no card or flower . his hand be bandage . CUT to : 109 a Mass of body 109 fill a street and intersection , thousand of Muslims praying , genuflect , as far as the eye can see . farooq and wasim among the praying man . they genuflect -- match CUT to : 110 int . SMALL warehouse - night 110 bennett sprawle over he desk , asleep . it 's night . there 's no tell how long this guy have be here . a paralegal , hold a piece of paper , wake he . paralegal I find this . wire transfer . bennett snap awake . he look at the document . bennett Russian . I do not read Russian . get it translate . ( beat ) man , I be dream about something good , too . 111 angle - later 111 bennett wander over to the desk of another paralegal . on one side there 's a big stack of a papers he 's move to another stack . in the corner of the desk be a tiny stack . bennett what be this ? paralegal # 2 orphans . stuff that do not make any sense . bennett idly finger a piece of paper - a receipt . paralegal # 2 ( cont 'd ) oh , that one 's kind of interesting . the lily School . ( more ) ( continued ) 72 111 continued : 111 paralegal # 2 ( cont 'd ) a board school in Switzerland . paid by wire transfer . bennett scan the paper , then turn to the room . bennett everybody stop what you be do . they look up , bleary . bennett ( cont 'd ) we be start again . I want you to ignore any document that do not pertain to vidak limite . v.i.d.a.k. everyone groan . someone toss a file in the air . bennett go to he desk , look up a number , dial the number . a voice answer in russian . bennett ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) hello ... hello. English ? ( to the room ) do anyone here speak Russian ? the paralegal just stare . someone in the back shout -- paralegal yeah ... fuck you . CUT to : 112 ext . the song of roland - night 112 the fantail of Prince meshal 's yacht , song of roland , one of many beautiful boat , anchore off Juan Les pin . a dinner party in progress . the tinkle of crystal and music . candle flicker . glow people . 113 int . private salon - night 113 cognac swirl . a gold cigar cutter slice off the tip . Dean white , meshal , and reza barhani , a middle - man , light expensive cigar in a book -line study on the boat . reza barhani capitalism can not exist without waste . on the wall picture of meshal as a child with Reagan , qaddafi . as a teenager with Clinton , King fahd , mitterrand , chernomyrdin . ( continued ) 73 113 continued : 113 reza barhani ( cont 'd ) we should write thank you note to Mr. white and . the USA for produce one quarter of the world 's garbage and one quarter of the demand . whiting you be certainly welcome . ha , ha . we pleasure , really . bonhomie galore . but meshal be either wary or stupid or both . reza point to a glass case where a huge leather - bound book be display . reza barhani Prince , that be a rare treasure . ( to whiting ) the first arab edition of Dr. Johnson 's dictionary . meshal stare . it 's he , but mean nothing to he . whiting Prince , be there anything we can do for you ? the Prince think about this for a beat . prince meshal Americans be very happy to drill hole in other people 's country . ( to whiting ) I have hear of you . the cat 's paw of the Saudi prince . white and reza exchange a quick glance , but this be what Dean white life for . whiting I know you brother , the foreign minister . very bright . I know you father , too . he throw the second creepiest party I have ever be to in Washington . and from what I can tell you could probably use a bit of a cat 's paw yourself . second bear son so beat down by he family he can not even tell I what he want when he 's ask straight out , a grow - up baby who hate he brother and maybe want to be king , maybe . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 113 continued : ( 2 ) 113 whiting ( cont 'd ) well , Prince , be you a king ? can you tell I what you want ? the Prince be at first take aback , but then take a beat to consider the offer . white and the Middle - man wait . prince meshal I do have one small dream , a selfless dream . at my house I have a perfect one - third replica of hyde Park . I have duck and deck chair from the real hyde Park . ( beat ) I wish for a monument to the success of the moor in Europe in the 8th century . reza barhani that already exist . it be call the alhambra . prince meshal a replica in my country to inspire the people and a new cordoba Valley from which to view it . it take the master a hundred year , but I believe we can do it in ten . ( beat ) by the way , do you know that my brother do not believe in God ? white sip he cognac and , consider the Prince , do indeed look like a cat digest a canary . CUT to : 114 ext . madrassa cornfield - day 114 wind ripple across the leave of corn . wasim 's hand pull weed grass . farooq smile mischievously . 115 ext . madrassa " yard " - day 115 wasim , farooq play soccer . farooq be a natural athlete . wasim the spider be a symbol of the sin of man . he bite the finger of Peter parker who be now half dark and half light . ( continued ) 75 115 continued : 115 farooq a real spider capture , then sting and immobilize , then watch as the prey take day to die . wasim they would never show that . suddenly they stop . mohammed sheik agiza , the blue - eye egyptian , have be watch they . they be embarrassed . farooq be we in trouble ? MSA smile a patient , charismatic , spooky smile . they already know each other . mohammed sheik agiza look around you at you family ... in a OPEN AIR classroom the cleric lead young child in recitation of the Koran . boy walk to class . boy plow a field . mohammed sheik agiza ( cont 'd ) look around you at you brother united by faith in God almighty and submission to he law . a bull sleep in the shade . farooq wasim be still a virgin . wasim lightly shove farooq . mohammed sheik agiza that be good because fornication be a serious crime . farooq I be a virgin , too . ( by rote ) it be a attack on honor and show contempt for sanctity and encourage profligacy in society . the call to prayer sound across the madrassa . they wash before prayer . ( continued ) 76 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 mohammed sheik agiza when God almighty have choose we for important work , we have no choice but complete submission . spread prayer mat on the ground where they stand , they begin to pray . in the field , the boy pull the plow have begin to pray . CUT to : 116 ext . CIA - smoking area - day 116 the division chief enjoy a cigarette in a leafy courtyard of the CIA office park . Fred franks hurry toward she . he stay upwind of the cigarette . franks we just receive a dispatch from Damascus , eight minute old . mussawi 's shopping a story that we send Bob to Beirut to assassinate Prince nasir . the division Chief drop she cigarette in a coffee can . 117 int . high corner office CIA - day 117 Terry George look up from papers on he desk . he 's get he hand over the phone , and he be not happy . terry GEORGE can we get this guy ? I mean now - real time now . franks mussawi ? terry GEORGE yes. mussawi . ( into phone ) I will call you back . Terry hang up the phone . the division Chief and franks exchange a glance . division chief practical answer be no . not before he go into another mosque or newspaper and this story gain traction . ( continued ) 77 117 continued : 117 terry GEORGE he 's get Bob 's name ? division chief not he real name . but he 's shopping photo of they do the deal , long lens . photo of Bob be hold . he 's lucky he 's alive . franks the whole contact be a set-up . mussawi apparently now work for Iran . first , he torture we guy , then pedal the CIA connection . this be not good at all . after a moment to think , he spit this out , quickly : terry GEORGE put some air between we and bob. Bob have a long history of entrepreneurial operation . we have not really have a handle on Bob for year . after nine one one , some people get too much leeway , let they emotion get the best of they . this be complex time . there 's already a active investigation into Bob 's action in , help I out here -- they begin to spin the line together . franks Tehran ? the amiri brother job ? terry GEORGE . we be try to find out who , might have hire Bob for the amiri brother job . could the same people be behind the nasir job ? a lot of people seem to want this Prince nasir dead and Bob know a lot of people . ( do ) fill in the rest , send I everything . be that it ? Fred be impressed . you do not get to be Terry George without some skill . CUT to : 78 118 int . hallway - walter reed hospital - day 118 at the end of a depress hallway , Bob sit in a chair , he bandage hand in front of he . CIA security officer ( o.s. ) you first establish contact with the amiri brother in 1998 ? bob yes . CIA security officer ( o.s. ) you meet they at a party in the South of France ? bob yes . Bob be frame by two , not - bright CIA security officer . CIA security officer Party give by reza barhani ? bob yes . CIA officer # 2 be you aware they be involved in the illegal arm trade ? bob of course I be aware . it 's why I go after they . CIA security officer # 2 be you aware this two man be iranian Intelligence officer ? Bob can not believe the question . bob what do you think ? CIA security officer # 2 Mr. baer . this be a diplomatic incident . two man be murder . we have be task with the damage Assessment . CIA security officer we will need you to turn you passport over to we . ( continued ) 79 118 continued : 118 CIA security officer # 2 passport . 119 int . hospital room - walter reed - day 119 Bob in he bed . he stare out the window at a red brick wall , a fragment of sky . he see margaret in the doorway . margaret in they helpful way they tell I you be at one of six place but since you be a number and not a name do I happen to have that number . no . no be the answer to whether I have you number . she rest she hand on the railing of the bed . on the verge , she look away , then back again . margaret ( cont 'd ) they would not give I any information . I do not know how to find you , what I would find ... he pull she close , careful of he bandage hand . bob I be okay . I be fine . hey -- margaret ( into he chest ) they would not tell I a thing . not one thing . he hold she . as she become aware of the bandage on he hand , as she worry have be abate , anger have ineluctably fill in behind . margaret ( cont 'd ) where be you , Bob ? he look at she ; he can not tell she the truth . margaret ( cont 'd ) be you back in Beirut ? he just stare . this be infuriate . margaret ( cont 'd ) Bob , please tell I where you be and tell I what happen . please . Bob motion for she to come closer . ( continued ) 80 119 continued : 119 bob I see this Shiites sell a egyptian a missile . in Iran . I have a feel about this guy , a sunni nut - job , but I be back here where I get on the wrong side of Terry , then a opportunity just happen to come up involve someone I work with before , not a radical , I mean , he go to Rutgers , only now he flip , want to cut my goddamn head off . and now they get I isolate away in here and they send this suit around ask I nonsense question about bad people who be no longer with we , no longer with we on they goddamn order . so you tell I what happen . you tell I , Margaret . Margaret do not know what to say so she say nothing . CUT 'to : 120 int . / ext . geneva - day 120 Arabs strolling along the street . nasir and hisfamily shop in a expensive jewelry store . 121 int . HOTEL president wilson - day 121 Arabs stare out window at the rain . Doors be open . people mingle . smoke be in the air . a young woman walk by , hold the hand of a much older man , laugh at something he 's say . 122 int . HOTEL suite - night 122 bryan play Monopoly with a group of young arab men . they be use real money . the " bank " be stack of hundred and fifty and twenty . they smoke and drink . a arab youth move the silver top hat . arab youth shit. Park place . shit -- Park place with hotel . bryan hold Park place . the arab youth take off he diamond encrust rolex and toss it toward the bank . arab youth ( cont 'd ) where be you from in the States ? ( continued ) 81 122 continued : 122 bryan El segundo . no one have hear of it . bryan ( cont 'd ) it 's near Los Angeles . arab youth Movie star , convertible ? bryan El segundo be like Saudi Arabia with a surf break . they hoot and protest . they do not believe he . bryan ( cont 'd ) it 's a desert town on a ocean control by a oil company . tankers line up offshore . there 's this smell in the air . they pass out flyer to family move in . this town be a quiet town where everyone work and we family be happy . if you have a problem with it or if you do not like the smell , you can leave . arab youth if anyone work , it can not be Saudi Arabia . they all laugh loudly , then the laughter fade as they realize Julie and riley be in the hotel room . Julie eye the money and the asian girl in the corner . julie he want to say good night to he father . riley go over and stiffly give bryan a hug . CUT to : 123 int . vending area - CIA - day 123 a vend machine hiss fill a cup . Bob press the extra dark button , bandage on the tip of he finger . Bob look over and see people stare . they look away . 82 124 int . division chief anteroom - CIA - day 124 Bob stand in front of a assistant be desk . assistant she 's in a meeting . bob what about Fred ? assistant he 's in a meeting . 125 int . bob be office - day 125 Bob behind he desk . he turn to he computer . on the screen : CIA proprietary software . he bring up a search for prince nasir al - subaai . he hesitates . finally , he hit return . on the screen : prince nasir al - subaai - blacktape file . access denied . Bob carefully type with he damage finger . on the screen : handling agent for mussawi . mussawi - blacktape . access denied . handling agent - blacktape . access denied . Bob take a sip of coffee . the wall clock read : 10:10 . on the screen : mohammed sheik agiza . blacktape file . access denied . angle - later Bob at 'his desk . the clock read : 10:40 . he hear a distant tone . tone , tone , tone . it 's a computer pop - up tone . and it 's get closer . angle - through the glass box at distant office . worker turn , check they computer , one after another . tone , tone , tone . Bob 's computer tone . he turn . on the screen : a pop - up box read - this computer be be audite by the inspector general staff . 126 ext . fred franks ' neighborhood - evening 126 a middle - class suburban neighborhood so new the landscape be still tie to stake . half - build house at the end of street . kid play wiffle-ball . 83 127 int . / ext . dodge k- car - day 127 Bob pull up on the quiet street . he check the rear-view where a car with two men be follow he . Bob pop a book on tape in and wait . it 's Anna karenina in farsi . Fred franks pull into he driveway and get out of the car . his wife appear at the front door and he kid gambol around -- exactly the tableau Bob have never have . Fred do not see Bob until Bob be right on he . bob Fred . Fred turn and see Bob , look around uncomfortably . bob ( cont 'd ) what 's go on , Fred ? fred franks ( to he wife ) honey , take the kid inside , would you ? I will be in in a sec . Bob and Fred watch the family go up the walk . fred franks ( cont 'd ) Bob , FBI 's get it . nothing I can do about it . you know that . it 's a criminal investigation . two man be kill . this bureaucratic defense send Bob over the edge -- bob I be almost kill , Fred . my hand be mutilate . and they be ask I about the amiri brother ? about Tehran ? fred franks you gotta understand . this wreck career . I should not even be talk to you . bob I type in Prince nasir Al - subai and my computer get seize . fred franks I be advise you to drop it . ( continued ) 84 127 continued : 127 bob where do this Prince nasir job come from ? why be I torture . why be I be investigate ? why be I send ? neighbor stare . Fred 's kid look out the window . fred franks Goodbye , bob. lift up to see Bob isolate in the grid of identical , treeless house . CUT to : 128 int . mandarin HOTEL - ballroom C - day 128 the secretary of defense project onto a giant screen . secretary of defense ( on screen ) in whatever lie ahead , the United States will remain a friend to the iranian people ... a large ballroom at a Washington hotel . it 's a lunch meeting of the committee to liberate iran pack with Washington hawk - middle - age white man in gray suit . secretary of defense ( cont 'd ) they have suffer year of brutal repression , year of domestic terror from they own ruler . at the head table : reza barhani ; Tommy Barton of connex ; rep of Halliburton , Bechtel , Danny dalton , Dean white . secretary of defense ( cont 'd ) a new regime would bring deliverance for Iran . iranian resource be abundant , its culture be rich , its citizen be talented . and give a chance , there be no limit to what the iranian people can achieve . 129 int . mandarin hallway - day 129 on the other side of the door , bennett stand with three HOTEL security guard . the Secretary of Defense 's voice travel through the door , muffle . ( continued ) 85 129 continued : 129 HOTEL security guard you be not on the list . you do not have a badge and you do not have a wristband . bennett look at the three guard . he pull out a card and scribbles one word on the back . bennett take this to Sydney hewitt . now . ( beat ) please . inside the room the guard make he way to Sydney hewitt and hand he the card . secretary of defense they hope be the same as all people in every land : to lead life of dignity in a nation at peace . and America will help they . applause as Sydney look up sharply . at the head table : Dean crutcher , reza , and Tommy clap along heartily . match CUT to : 130 int . connex boardroom - day 130 Tommy , he personal lawyer at he ear , -- tommy not to my recollection -- bennett and Sydney square off against Tommy , Jimmy , they personal lawyer , one apiece . bennett killeen oil through Daniel dalton and petroka Energy consultant create assetless shell company own by the heir of President nazerbayev . this be . discuss ... ( check he note ) at the upstream division meeting hold in January of 2003 in Sun Valley , Idaho ? tommy I be at the meeting , but I do not focus on that kind of detail . ( continued ) 86 130 continued : 130 bennett wherein it be describe that killeen bore all financial risk , but President nazerbayev 's child , while attend the lily School in Switzerland , be entitle to all of the profit - seventy million dollar . Tommy 's personal lawyer lean in and whisper in he ear . tommy I attend the meeting but , as I say , I do not focus on that kind of detail . bennett Daniel dalton Jr. and petroka Energy consultant -- tommy' lawyer a firm retain by killeen well prior to connex 's involvement -- jimmy oh , fer chrissake , Tommy , we both get letter from the Grand jury , it 's not you own private little pity party -- bennett a good faith purchaser be in good faith only if they do not know about the problem at the time of the purchase -- tommy this be the oil business we be talk about , right ? jimmy the lowliest little shareholder know we deal with some of the most stank place on earth -- bennett it be illegal to offer gift , money or the promise of money or anything of value to influence foreign official -- ( continued ) 87 130 continued : ( 2 ) 130 jimmy oh , be it ? I have personally see a bill from this law firm to the government of Saudi Arabia for 36 million dollar . a one line bill for service render . bennett the business of white , sloan be not under discussion at this time . jimmy well , it oughta be . Danny 's a good man . he 's a friend of mine . CUT to : 131 ext . lake front - geneva - day 131 the arab youth exit the hotel and run across the wide waterfront square . he cut for a lone figure sit on wall . he run up to bryan . arab youth they have sue the emir on the Isle of Jersey and freeze he money . he be in bulgari and he credit card stop work . 132 int . nasir be suite - day 132 Prince nasir toss a newspaper at bryan -- prince nasir some people , cousin of mine actually , sue my father in the commonwealth alleging that he break agreement to repay fund transfer from the State . bryan follow nasir . he glance at a photo of aggrieved arab leave court with dean whiting look protective . bryan a mareva injunction ? prince nasir aggrieve royal . aggrieve about what ? that he try to cut they allowance from one hundred thousand a month to eighty . they pass wife , child , hanger - on . room after room . ( continued ) 88 132 continued : 132 prince nasir ( cont 'd ) there be 300 year of corrupt layer in the middle - east and you have to break the ice . there must be structural change . I tell they , with just one of you boat you could revolutionize Yemen , build desalinization plant . the man with the 200 foot boat need a 250 foot boat . the man with 250 . now need 300 . they dead - end in a small office . the emir 's japanese secretary half -rise . prince nasir ( arabic ) ( cont 'd ) I want to see my father . the secretary shake he head . nasir be furious . prince nasir ( cont 'd ) my cousin be not bright enough to be anything but finger - puppet . my brother have faith only in he own cun . then again , what should I expect , he mother be a whore . and he 's hire american lawyer . ( to bryan ) what do you suppose they be think , my brother and this american lawyer ? bryan take in the hanger - on in expensive suit peek from the doorway , the view to Lake geneva . it 's surreal . bryan what be they think ? they be think we be run out . we be run out and ninety percent of what 's leave be in the Middle East . so if you look at the whole progression from versaille , through Suez , 1973 , Gulf War one , Gulf War ii , it 's really shaping up as a fight to the death . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 132 continued : ( 2 ) 132 bryan ( cont 'd ) so what they be think be keep play , keep buy you toy , keep spend fifty thousand dollar a night for you hotel room , but do not invest in you infrastructure , do not build a real economy , so when you finally wake up , they will have suck you dry and you will have squander the great natural resource in history . the Prince remain impassive . after a beat -- prince nasir come with I , please . 133 int . a quiet room - HOTEL suite - day 133 nasir speak privately with bryan . prince nasir I study at Oxford . I have a phd from georgetown . I want to create a parliament . I want to give woman the right to vote . I want a independent Judiciary . I want , to start a new petroleum exchange in the Middle - east and cut the speculator out of the business . why be the major oil exchange in New York and London anyway ? I will put all of we energy up for competitive bid , I will pipe through Iran to Europe like you propose , I will ship to China , anything that achieve efficiency and maximize profit for my people , profit which I will then use to rebuild my country . bryan that 's great , that 's exactly what you should do . prince nasir exactly , except you President call my father , say , I have get unemployment in Texas , Kansas , Washington State . one phone call later we be steal out of we social program to buy overpriced airplane . we owed the Americans , but we have repaid that debt . ( more ) ( continued ) 90 133 continued : 133 prince nasir ( cont 'd ) I accept a chinese bid , the high bid . and suddenly I be a terrorist . I be a godless communist . nasir hope take the newspaper out of bryan 's hand . prince nasir ( cont 'd ) Dean white . tight on : Dean white with the aggrieve royal . prince nasir ( cont 'd ) who represent not only this aggrieve royal but also connex oil . they be pressure my father to invalidate the chinese contract . they underestimate he . this be about he legacy to he people . CUT to : 134 ( omit ) 134 135 ext . madrassa - day 135 wasim sis study , slowly , sounding out the word . he write crudely form letter . he see farooq goof around with friend . mohammed sheik agiza ( v.0 . ) we be a small group , the one who carry conviction and ambition . and a even smaller group from this group , be the one who flee from the worldly life in order to spread and act upon this ambition . Mohammed Sheik agiza lead the boy through underbrush on the communal farm . they approach a small farm shed . mohammed sheik agiza ( cont 'd ) and a even smaller group from this elite group be the one who sacrifice they soul and they blood in order to bring victory to this ambition and principle . 136 int . farm shed -- day 136 MSA pull mat aside revealing a hatch in the floor . he open the hatch . a stinger missile case be hide below . he drag out the case . they help he set it on a table . ( continued ) 91 136 continued : 136 mohammed sheik agiza so you be the cream of the cream of the cream . it be possible for we to achieve glory only by traversing this path . MSA open the case and , as he show off the stinger , we notice a smiley face scratch into the metal . mohammed sheik agiza ( cont 'd ) american - make . good quality , but nearly impossible to hit anything . MSA lift out another device : a conical shape charge . mohammed sheik agiza ( cont 'd ) by shaping the charge , this will send a blast of molten copper through thirty inch of steel . the boy be wide - eye . this be the coolest pocket - knife they have ever see . CUT to : 137 int . multiplex - mall - day 137 death fist III ! brosnan be bond ! Bob walk past poster in a air-condition theater lobby . a bored concession stand worker ignore he . bob ( v.0 . ) Stan , why do mussawi double - cross I ? why do no one care that a sunni radical name Mohammed Sheik agiza have we missile ? and why do they open a damage assessment on the amiris ? and on I . for do my job ? 138 int . theater - day 138 a empty matinee . Bob sit next to Stan goff . stan question two and three seem obvious to I . missile be everywhere . Christ , casey give ' they out like party favor . this damage assessment , well , let 's just say nasir be not a home run . they be worried . about fall - out . ( more ) ( continued ) 92 138 continued : 138 stan ( cont 'd ) they be worried you may want to talk about it . but if you be already under investigation ? bob what about mussawi ? stan mussawi 's a soldier . he 's just like you . Bob stare at Stan who continue . stan ( cont 'd ) maybe he find God . maybe he be have a bad day . maybe Americans should not travel this day . bob do Prince nasir hide Mohammed Sheik agiza in the Water Ministry ? do he fund terrorist organization ? stan tell people what they want to hear and they have a better chance of believe you . people be pay to lie , coach on they polygraph . single source spread through different intelligence agency that do not communicate with each other . you know how it 's do . bob who 's worried about the nasir job ? Stan , who 's worried about I talk ? on the screen : a loud , action beat . Stan lean over and whisper -- CUT to : 139 ext . ENERGY department - day 139 hulk structure in concrete like Albert speer 's vision of heaven as Danny D. rant at bennett -- ( continued ) 93 139 continued : 139 danny D. some trust fund prosecutor , get off - message at Brown , think he 's gonna run this up the flag pole , make a name for himself , maybe get elect some two - bit , no - name congressman from nowhere , with the result that Russia or China can suddenly start have , at we expense , all the advantage we enjoy here . no , I tell you . no . ( mincing ) but , Danny , this be sovereign nation ... sovereign nation ! what be a sovereign nation , but a collective of greed run by one individual . but , Danny , they be codify by the U.N. charter . legitimize gangsterism on a global basis that have no more validity than a agreement between the crip and the blood ! pass people shoot sidelong glance . a group of man in suit be clearly wait for Danny D. danny D. ( cont 'd ) corruption charge . corruption ? corruption be not nothing more than government intrusion into market efficiency in the form of regulation . that 's milton friedman . he get a goddamn Nobel prize . we have law against it precisely so we can get away with it . corruption be we protection . corruption be what keep we safe and warm . corruption be why you and I be here in the white - hot center of thing instead of fight each other for scrap of meat out there in the street . ( beat ) corruption ... be how we win . Danny D. wind down . finally -- bennett you break the law , Mr. dalton . danny D. oh , who give a shit ! ( continued ) 94 139 continued : ( 2 ) 139 bennett you have 37 million dollar hide away and the only question I can see of any relevance be whether you will get to keep any of it . the two man be tiny against the architecture , the nation 's capitol go on with it 's day around they . 140 ext . capitol hill -- WASHINGTON , d.c . - day 140 Sydney approach bennett who eat he lunch outside the law office of whiting and sloan . sydney how would it go ? think you will get invite on any more hunt trip ? bennett he have kid . he 's get a wife . sydney he break the law . Sydney hold out a golden envelope to bennett . sydney ( cont 'd ) Mr. janus himself want I to extend a invitation to oilman of the Year . he 's be honore so it should be a nice weekend . relax . get a massage . congratulation . perhaps the slight flicker of distaste cross bennett 's face . on the reverse the Capitol Building be so close you could reach out and touch it . CUT to : 141 int . emir be suite - geneva - day 141 a vast hotel suite , silent until the emir 's electric wheelchair roll into sight . he roll across marble , through room , until he approach Prince nasir and Prince meshal . a long beat before the emir speak in Arabic . emir I be tired . prince nasir father -- ( continued ) 95 141 continued : 141 the emir raise he hand . nasir get control of himself . prince nasir ( cont 'd ) who will be emir ? the emir look away , then back at Prince nasir . emir you brother . Prince nasir look from he father to brother and back . prince meshal I would ask you to remain as foreign Minister . Prince meshal stick out he hand . nasir ignore it and speak to he father . prince nasir you can not do this . he be barely qualified to run a brothel much less a country . emir ( vaguely ) I like Europe , the precipitation . I will be happy to stay here . my decision be final and I ask you to support you brother . prince nasir I can not do that . 142 ext . geneva lake front - day 142 the roar of water as the fountain cascade down . riley play along the low wall beside it . bryan and Julie hover nearby . around they people speak german and french . bryan sure , it look like just hang around in a hotel but that 's how this people do business . it 's world historical stage time . with the delivery deal we can make in Europe , transport through Iran , this guy might be able to revolutionize not just he country , but the whole region . ( more ) ( continued ) 96 142 continued : 142 bryan ( cont 'd ) his dad 's about to keel over and Prince nasir could be like mossadegh in Iran in 1952 , with a real democracy spring up organically . I mean if we could just be a part of one of this country get a parliament , help they find efficiency , show they how real incentivize capitalism can do its job -- julie stop it ! look at I . the fountain shoot up and cascade down . riley lean toward the water and for a second he foot lift up . bryan start up , but then riley be play again . bryan Julie , the little trading company I work for be now the chief economic advisor to Prince nasir . do you know what this mean ? it 's like someone put a giant ATM on we front lawn . julie here 's a question : how do you think it look to profit off the death of you six year - old ? this get through , but then -- bryan fuck you . I change the diaper and put cream on rash and give bottle in the night and go to doctor 's check - up and worried about percentile ... I do everything right . I do everything right . they look at each other and , for a second , it seem he may melt and hold she , but he do not and it 's cruel . julie bryan , we be go back to America . bryan good . ( continued ) 97 142 continued : ( 2 ) 142 she head for riley who let go of a balloon . it float up past the watch sign plaster on the building . CUT to : 143 int . bedroom - georgetown mansion - night 143 a phone ring a mute electronic beep . Dean white answer the phone . whiting ( sleepy voice ) hello . alarm company hello , be this Mr. why - teeng ? this be hometech Security . he reach for the bedside light and snap it on . Mrs. white be a lump on the far side of the bed . whiting this be Mr. white . alarm company we be show a motion sensor failure in you downstairs study . whiting yes . white glance at the wall readout on he alarm -- downstair study flash . alarm company like I say we be get a failure message . you want I to stay on the phone with you while you walk around or send a car ? white reach under he bed and pull a gun box . he flip the combination . Three pistol . he select the large and switch off the light . whiting I will walk around . 144 int . hallway - night 144 white close the bedroom door and switch on the hall light . lot of close door . he walk down the stair . 98 145 int . downstair - night 145 he reach around a wall and hit the live room light . he cross the live room and library , hit light as he go . then a kitchen . the house be quiet . whiting ( into phone ) everything 's fine . 146 int . downstair study - night 146 white 's study , unlike the standard , upper-crust , decorate of the rest of the home , have a specific Middle - Eastern flair . Persian antique . picture of white on a camel , with Persian friend at oxford in the sixty . white be a arabist . the motion sensor light be on . white try a window . alarm company how're we do , Mr. why - teeng ? it 's secure . he try another one . it 's secure . whiting ( into phone ) everything 's fine . there 's a slide glass door that lead to a patio and pool . white try it and it slide open . whiting ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) the slide door be unlock . he turn slowly . the room look different . there be a alcove with a wet - bar and walk - in closet . alarm company do you leave it unlock ? whiting send a car , you imbecile . he look at the alcove and closet . just then , the desk phone ring , startling he . the phone ring and ring . on the wall behind white 's head be beautifully frame photo with kissinger , Clinton , King fahd . Rack focus off white and slowly zoom to ... a old photo ( continued ) 99 146 continued : 146 of Dean white and the old emir , nasir' father . whiting ( cont 'd ) ( finally answering ) hello . 147 int . denny' restaurant - night 147 it 's early morning . a couple of drunk at the counter . Bob be at a booth with a mug of coffee . Dean white appear outside the window , enter the restaurant , sit . bob you be in Beirut in ' 84 . whiting I lose friend there as I be sure you do . ( beat ) I get a peek at you file . you be a good man , one whose experience be narrow and deep . you entire career you have be use and probably never even know what for . bob I do not use to need to know . a Grand slam Breakfast be set in front of Bob . whiting in this town , you be innocent until you be investigate . Bob look up and squint at the waitress ' name - tag . bob Bacon look perfect , deborah . Bob put syrup on the pancake . eat a piece of bacon . bob ( cont 'd ) innocent until investigate . that 's nice . it have a nice ring to it . I bet you have wear some mile on little say like that . very wise , give the listener the sense of law be write as it 's speak . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 100 147 continued : 147 bob ( cont 'd ) if anything happen to I or my family , a accident , a accusation , anything , then first you son will disappear , he body will never be find . then you wife . her body will never be find either . this be guarantee . then , whatever be the most dangerous thing you do in you life , it might be fly in a small plane , it might be walk to the bank , you will be kill . ( beat ) do you understand what I be say ? I want you to acknowledge that you do understand so that we be clear and there will not be any mistake . after a beat , white nod . whiting Beirut rule , Mr. baer ? white love the game . Bob look tired , maybe a little sad . bob I have make decision that result in death , but I never lose a night sleep . never . I kill people , but I always have about 500 page of U.S. law behind I , law that I believe in , and that be good enough . whiting you still do , Mr. baer . you still do . Bob stare at he . bob I want my passport back . CUT to : 148 ext . D.C. - day 148 tight on bennett as he run through a downtrodden neighborhood . sweat drip , breathe heavily , he run faster and faster . people on stoops watch he go . he 's oblivious to the unmarked car follow he . finally the car race up beside he . the window roll down and Donald Parish III 's face appear . ( continued ) 101 148 continued : 148 farish bennett , hey . come on . take a ride with I . bennett keep jogging . farish ( cont 'd ) bennett , I know you know about the crime fraud exception to attorney client privilege ? bennett I do , don. very well . farish then , you also know you client be into some shady stuff and it 's start to look like you could be involved in hide the true nature of the transaction . bennett stop . farish 's car stop . bennett be panting . bennett that 's quite a statement , don. 149 int . unmarked cruiser - day 149 bennett ride with farish . a long beat . finally -- bennett one word . dalton . farish Danny dalton ? bennett defraud the government of Kazakhstan of fund to which it be entitle , defraud the people of Kazakhstan of the right to the honest service of they elect and appoint official . Seven year , do three , maybe two point seven , on you recommendation . out the window the bad neighborhood be give way back to the develop neighborhood where bennett life . farish and let I guess : this be a solo act , without the knowledge of connex or killeen oil , of Mr. Lee janus or Jimmy Pope . ( continued ) 102 149 continued : 149 bennett dalton 's a bit of a rogue , it 's true . farish and he will have a nice little trust fund wait when he get out . bennett not so little , I imagine . ( beat ) Don , we can spend the next five year in court to get back to this very place we be right now . they will fight tough . they will fight dirty . they will pressure you boss . they will pressure the people who appoint you boss . they will pressure the wife of the people who appoint you boss . you will not ever hit them any harder than this . and you know it . bennett wait . after a beat farish shake he head . farish I be sorry , bennett . I do not think dalton 's enough . CUT to : 150 int . bennett' live room - day 150 bennett use the claw end of a hammer to pry the front off a large wooden crate . his father sit across the room read the paper . the side of the box come down . bennett stare -- angle - the stuffed head of a kudu . bennett sr. stare , then light a cigarette . bennett ( be : the cigarette ) what be you do ? bennett sr . the question be what be you do ? ( continued ) 103 150 continued : 150 bennett really . well , I will tell you what I be not do : I be not run a shelter . you go back to work ? no answer . bennett ( cont 'd ) what happen at you job anyway ? another jerk ? another white asshole ? what ? you think you get where I have get and there be less of they ? you think I do not want a fuck drink ? you have no idea what I be do , what be actually go on with I . the only way you can change this shit , all this shit , be from the inside . I be try to get inside . which a fuck loser like you will never understand . bennett sr. put down , he paper , stub out he cigarette and start for the door . bennett ( cont 'd ) good . the door shut behind he dad -- bennett ( cont 'd ) ( yell after he ) I love this country . it 's a great country , if you be not a quitter . and don't come back ! slowly bennett calm . he turn , look at the kudu . he think and the sound of a grill sizzling begin to rise CUT to : 151 ext . jimmy pope' backyard - houston , TEXAS - day 151 rib on a fancy bbq grill . a wide expanse of lawn . no other house in sight . teenager splash in a pool . bennett dalton 's not enough . so they will sit on he until he explain the how and why and the who , and they will be force to unravel this merger . Jimmy turn from the grill . ( continued ) 104 151 continued : 151 jimmy pope I would be real careful . you dig a three foot hole , you will find one body , but you dig a six foot hole and you might find twenty . bennett dalton 's not enough . jimmy pope we use one quarter of the oil in the world , bennett . you house be light and warm and my house be light and warm , but what if it be that way half the week , or none of the week . Hell , China 's economy be not grow as fast as it could because they can not get all the oil they need . I be damn proud of that fact . bennett give he nothing . a beat . jimmy pope ( cont 'd ) what if it involved someone at you firm ? someone way the hell above you . we would have to have a understanding . bennett if he 's as big as you say then when he go down the merger will be approve . despite himself , Jimmy be impressed -- jimmy pope just like that . bennett we be look for the illusion of due-diligence . two criminal act successfully prosecute give we that illusion . Jimmy hand bennett a plate of rib and smile . jimmy pope call I Jimmy . CUT to : 105 152 int . shed - day 152 on television : grainy video of a suicide bomber 's videotape " will . " the bomber , 19 , stand in a field of dry rubble and flower , be both nervous and confident , a backpack anything but innocuous at he foot . suicide bomber ( on video ) I wish for everyone who hear this to fear God and to follow God and he prophet . when I die I want the people who inherit my possession to do the follow : a group of twenty or thirty boy , include wasim and farooq , watch the video in a makeshift shed . suicide bomber ( video ) ( cont 'd ) one : the people who prepare my body should be good Muslims so this will remind I of God and he forgiveness . two : I do not want anyone to rip they clothes or slap they face because this be a ignorant thing to do . Mohammed Sheik agiza watch the boy watch the video . mohammed sheik agiza his influence on that leave behind grow . there be no sense of loss , since he continue to live and inspire , he fame spread . wasim impassively stare at the video . suicide bomber Three : I do not want a pregnant woman to come and say good bye to I because I do not approve it . 153 ext . the bee - day 153 Golden honey flare in sunlight drip off a comb into a collection jug . wasim replace the comb into a hive . in a line of square wooden hive , farooq remove a comb and begin drain the honey . wasim pull out another comb . wasim ow -- ( continued ) 106 153 continued : 153 wasim look down . a bee be on he arm . he brushes it off . wasim and farooq look at the bee on the ground as it drag ' itself around in a circle . wasim ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) if I truly lack faith , then I be not the right person . he look to farooq who seem very young at this moment . farooq the question mean that you have faith and make it stronger wasim that 's a lot of shit , I think . farooq look around to see if anyone be listen . farooq we will get to intervene in the affair of family member . we will be able to help they with whatever they need . ( beat ) you will be able to get you mother here . wasim look at he friend then look away . on the ground , the worker bee stop struggle and die . CUT to : 154 ext . desert - day 154 Pan across the desert to find nasir stare into space . prince nasir twenty seven tribe in my country and we all hate each other . my father arrest the malcontent . he crush the religious zealot . try reason with people who have one foot in the afterlife , he say , as he levele village after village . another angle and bryan be approach . behind he be the desert house make mainly of tent and sail . dignitaries wait on the deck and watch nasir . ( continued ) 107 154 continued : 154 prince you know what place my child love most on earth ? my child love Colorado . I could easily live in Colorado while my brother preside over a civil war . I could be very comfortable . bryan watch nasir . bryan I do not see you move to Colorado . 155 int . bedouin tent - day 155 the tent be crowded with tribal and military leader . worried and suspicious , they . sit on rug and recline against pillow . nasir enter and take he seat . prince nasir for century Islam have be rule by people with no respect for law , monopoly hand out for the thing that people want , commerce stifle , young people unable to find job , critic jaile or put to death , woman be second - class citizen -- he be interrupt by a bedouin leader . bedouin leader tomorrow be the coronation . you brother have the support of the United States . and 10,000 of they troops be station in we country . prince nasir this be true . my father be ill and weak and unwilling to fight the Americans . but other be willing . and when a country have five percent of the world 's population but do fifty percent of its military spend , then the persuasive power of that country be on the decline . the crowd be unmove . rallying the man will not be easy . CUT to : 108 156 int . zurich airport - morning 156 Bob ride up a escalator , change plane in the early morning . he see he wife watch he . 157 int . zurich airport departure lounge - morning 157 Bob and Margaret sit in uncomfortable , connect chair . bob if I tell you I know of something that be go to happen to someone and that I feel I have to try and stop it even though it will probably cost I my job , what would you say ? she really look at he . margaret you can not tell I any more ? no , of course not . she look away . outside the window a huge plane be pull away from the gate . margaret ( cont 'd ) I want you to do what you think be right . ( beat ) and maybe for you to want the same for I . after a beat , she reach over and take he hand . a wide shot of Bob and Margaret hold hand in the lounge , the plane lift off behind they -- CUT to : 158 int . palace - persian gulf - day 158 tight on medal on a military uniform . hand reach down to pin another row . Prince meshal Al - subaai be look into a mirror as he buckle he ceremonial sword . prince meshal al-subaai if I liberalize , the general would overthrow I . if I relax my authority , the mob would tear I limb from limb . but , of course , I be aware that democracy and human rights be good idea . ( continued ) 109 158 continued : 158 he stare long into he own royal reflection . 159 int . palace great hall - day 159 Prince meshal and advisor walk toward brightly - light double door . the sound of a large crowd cheer come toward he as he disappear into silhouette . CUT to : 160 ext . worker' compound - persian gulf - day 160 it 's a holiday as a am radio blare Prince meshal 's coronation celebration . saleem and other worker play cricket on a makeshift pitch just outside the gate . saleem I want to be on a bobsle in the Olympic . I want to drive . that be my dream . the man have no idea what he 's talk about . he see wasim walk toward he . saleem ( cont 'd ) wasim ! bobsle ! ( to the man ) wasim know what a bobsle be . wasim can I borrow bus fare , papa ? saleem wasim , tell they about the bobsle . wasim it 's a little car that go down a track of ice and snow . saleem pull some change from he pocket and hand it to he son . saleem oh , how snow sparkles , the crunch of it under you foot , the quiet and calm it bring -- wasim suddenly hug he father who be surprised but hug he back . then wasim walk away . ( continued ) 110 160 continued : 160 wasim glance back . saleem wave ... and wasim wave back . then saleem turn back to the cricket . CUT to : 161 int . mitsubishi suv - day 161 on the edge of the city , Bob sit in a traffic jam in the glaring sun , heat wave flicker . his Pov of a white bus full of migrant worker in blue jumpsuit . CUT to : 162 int . CIA - night 162 Fred franks stare at the window of a vend machine try to decide between dorito or frito . he press e8 and dorito drop . franks ( to himself ) man down . I be go in . he snatch the dorito . 163 int . CIA task force room -- night 163 this room be now crowded , fill with audio-visual surveillance equipment . palpable excitement in the air . franks return with he coffee and chip . willy , 24 , a technician , buzz cut , recent 5th year senior at Hamilton College , fill he in . willy just hear from Tampa , the j-star be tracking and we should have a image from the predator in a few second . franks great . he eat some chip , offer some to another guy . franks ( cont 'd ) be it night there still ? willy Morning . CUT to : 111 164 ext . bedouin tent - morning 164 the tribal leader have bargain through the night . outside the tent everyone else be wait , include bryan whose ear piece dangle to he blackberry . bryan ( into phone ) ( not excite ) we have a contract to establish a new petroleum exchange . no firm we size have pull off anything like this . bryan cross to the chinese oil executive . bryan ( cont 'd ) he 's a visionary , like faisal or attaturk , and the people love he . by Monday , he will be run the country . the chinese seem unconvince . finally , the tent open and the leader file out . Prince nasir address the crowd . prince nasir the Middle - East and the arab people have see empire come and go in six millennia . the pax romana , the pax ottomanica , the pax brittanica , be nothing more than invasion and occupation that end ... the pax americana will end , too . his wife and daughter proudly watch . prince nasir ( cont 'd ) we have endless patience for history , but a man starve to death while sit on a chair make of gold can no longer afford to be patient . the time for democratic , arab self - determination have arrive . the crowd cheer . and as Prince nasir , he family and supporter move toward the vehicle , find nasir 's bodyguard whisper into a cell phone -- bodyguard Silver hummer -- ( continued ) 112 164 continued : 164 as nasir and bryan enter a silver hummer . CUT to : 165 ext . liquefied natural gas facility - morning 165 the liquefy Natural Gas facility have change hand . the china gas and electric signage be now connex-killeen signage . the chinese engineer be now american engineer . Native musician entertain a small crowd of hard hat , local official and visit dignitaries . someone break a bottle across a huge color pipe . the chief engineer signal . he throw a huge lever -- a powerful whisper build , hurtle through the pipe toward they and past they to the LNG carrier , a thousand - foot - long tanker , dock alongside . CUT to : 166 int . elevator - night 166 the door open . sydneyand bennettenter , wear tuxedo . Sydney insertsa plasticcard allow accessto the upper floor . sydney his wife will be there . pat. butter would not melt in she mouth . the elevator tone on every floor . sydney ( cont 'd ) this be good . you do good . the watch the floor light up . 167 int . presidential suite - night 167 the door open and PAT janus , 50' , Nancy Reagan suit and coif , open the door . she take in the man , smile -- mrs . janus Sydney , how be you ? and you must be Mr. holiday ? she shake he hand . give Sydney both cheek . they cross the large suite , one wall of which be floor - to- ceiling window give a dazzle view of mid-town Manhattan . ( continued ) 113 167 continued : 167 in a sit area , leland " lee " janus , 60' , a vigorous pit-bull in tux shirt and bow-tie , turn from the tv -- mr. janus syd ! bennett ! Lee janus ! how're we do ? janus be stand with he hand out -- mr. janus ( cont 'd ) that number cruncher can get a little over - zealous , can not they , but Christ , when we write the gaap rule like some kind of abstract painting . stare at that liability hard enough and before long it will turn into a asset . CUT to : 168 int . CIA - task force room - night 168 a small black and white image of a room full of general and support staff move silently around . pulling back to reveal they be on a small monitor , title , " US central command , tampa , florida . " the division Chief , franks , other Group Chiefs huddle over another , blank , monitor . angle : on the blank monitor , suddenly , a image pop on -- desert see from seven mile up . a wide shot of sand and more sand . the room let out soft yeah as the image shift , find a distant highway cut through it . willy ( v.0 . ) image from predator . Seven mile up . let 's go in . God , I love the uav 's . fred franks ( v.0 . ) what ? willy unman aerial vehicle . I love them . fred franks and it 's quiet , right ? ( continued ) 114 168 continued : 168 willy baby cruise at eighty knot , about as audible as the cloud . CUT to : 169 int . hummer - day 169 bryan watch the desert fly outside the window . nasir stare ahead . the hummer slow . bryan see a vast flock of sheep move diagonally across the desert in front of they , block the road . 170 ext . desert road - day 170 in the middle of thousand of sheep , shepherd on camel , and sprinkler truck mist water over the flock move with ancient slowness across the road . CUT to : 171 int . four season presidential suite - night 171 Mr. janus in the comfy chair . bennett perches on the edge of the couch . Sydney be next to he . bennett the lawyer be say , hey , if you can not trust a Big five accounting firm . and the accountant be say , hey , we be not lawyer . legal do not understand . account do not understand . nobody understand anything . the regulatory body have to scratch they head for a minute that nobody at connex or killeen be at fault , but this merger be so balance - positive for american consumer that ultimately justice want it , the Federal court want it . everybody want it . we real client be US , the american people , and we be building we presence in Kazakhstan , so we have to give they a little something meaningful and they get out of we way . Mr. janus glance at the tv where a pro golfer sink a long , undulate putt . ( continued ) 115 171 continued : 171 he look back at bennett , just a glance , but it 's clear he recognize in bennett someone who understand the way the world work and the pressure that he , Mr. janus , be under . mr. janus something besides dalton ? bennett unfortunately , yes . and the best option seem to be a secret deal for excess iranian pipeline capacity that I uncover during the diligence , a side deal benefit the lead lawyer involved in the connex - killeen merger approval process . a slow dawn on Sydney 's face -- sydney what do you think you be do ? bennett of course , it 's illegal for a american to control this rights -- sydney stop. right . now . bennett and Mr. janus look at Sydney . mr. janus be there something you want to tell I , syd ? CUT to : 172 int . CIA task force room - night 172 on a monitor : the image of the distant desert slowly swing around . franks ( v.0 . ) what be we look at , folk ? willy ( v.0 . ) we will get there . they find a lone car travel like a ant in the road . willy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I gotta do some travel . I have never even get out of the USA . ( more ) ( continued ) 116 172 continued : 172 willy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) before grad school , I be definitely get down to Mexico . the image tighten . it 's a suv see from heaven . CUT to : 173 int . / ext . mitsubishi suv - day 173 Bob be drive fast now . the modern city be behind he . lift up to see the mitsubishi head into the desert , a eight lane highway head to nowhere . CUT to : 174 ext . LNG tanker - persian gulf - day 174 the needle disengage from a container with a swoosh . voice ( over speaker ) the latest vacuum seal protection and worker train in the Taiwan and the United States of America . men in blue jumpsuit watch the needle lift in the sky . 175 int . LNG bridge - day 175 a functionary talk into the microphone . people pass this way and that sip champagne . the view down the length of the boat past the containment bubbles be strike . functionary each container hold over 20 million U.S. dollar of fuel , that 's 100 million in total , quite a haul ... a wide of the beautiful harbor . Fire boat spray water . and far away , a flotilla of native fishing boat , dhow and sambuk and boum , make its way out to sea . 176 ext . fishing boat - day 176 fisher -folk perform task they have be perform since time begin . a fisherman look up -- follow he view to another dhow as wasim and then farooq drift into view . music swell across the water from the terminal . more of the flotilla of fishing boat be reveal . ( continued ) 117 176 continued : 176 and behind they the shoreline be dot with oil storage tank still paint with image of the old emir . CUT to : 177 int . presidential suite - night 177 Sydney on he foot , stand aggressively over bennett . sydney in we line of work , the guy with the document be usually the guy who steal the document . bennett finesse . strategize . advise . but do not own . you word . sydney you be not go to hurt I , bennett . you will wash out of the private sector . fact , you be already go . you will end up work public defender case . you will make 1/50th the money . you could have be on the board of fortune five hundre company . you could have be a advisor to president . you could have help we win like Roman instead of sit on the sideline hope we do not turn into visigoth . ( beat ) you jump that turnstile , sir , but do not worry , we will get you off at trial -- Sydney take the document out of bennett 's hand . sydney ( cont 'd ) ( calming ) we expect you kid to try and kill the father . we encourage it . just maybe not so soon . Sydney sense something and see donald farish III and FBI agent have enter the room . Sydney turn back to bennett , a flash of true venom -- sydney ( cont 'd ) ' you ungrateful , pissant , nobody . FBI restrain Sydney . Pat look up from she needlepoint . ( continued ) 118 177 continued : 177 bennett a piece of advice syd , one attorney to another ... bennett lean close -- bennett ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) get rid of that watch . it make you look like a nigger . angle - on Sydney 's wrist be the mickey mouse watch . and then a handcuff be slip over it and click tight . Sydney now appear completely relaxed again . he look at Donald farish III and nod -- sydney Don . not the perp walk , Don -- farish nod as if to acknowledge they be barely out of round one . and they begin lead Sydney out . across the room , silhouett by the window , Mrs. janus help Mr. janus slip on he tux jacket . they see bennett stand awkwardly in the middle of the room . Pat extend she hand for he to join they . 178 ext . presidential suite balcony - evening 178 the three be silhouett against the skyline . Mr. janus look out at the valley of Manhattan . mr. janus I be a straight shooter , bennett . I think it be trollope who say the best capitalist be someone who 's greedy and honest . we can not forget that second part . mrs . janus it be trollope , honey . mr. janus we be create a lot of job this quarter , bennett , a lot of job . we be building a business and that 's what America 's all about . CUT to : 119 179 int . CIA - task force room - night 179 on the monitor the convoy be in the smudge of sheep . willy ( o.s. ) Silver hummer , silver hummer where be you silver hummer ? on the monitor the image tighten , zoom in on the silver roof of nasir 's hummer . it lock -- relief on the face of Bureau Chiefs and technician . willy ( cont 'd ) there 's a phrase . you know what I mean . what 's the phrase ? target something -- someone else target acquisition . on the monitor the silver roof unmove in the desert . willy right . target acquisition . that 's what we get here . CUT to : 180 ext . convoy - day 180 nasir 's child be laugh as sheep pass . the parent be laugh , too . pan and find bryan watch they . nasir 's wife smile kindly . bryan open the door for she . bryan you guy should ride together . nasir and bryan exchange a glance then nasir help he wife into the vehicle . bryan hand the baby up to they . 181 int . bryan' vehicle - day 181 bryan look out and see a shepherd show he son how to use the staff , tapping the sheep , guide they . the convoy move out , sheep like parte water on either side of the highway , sheep close behind as they pass . CUT to : 120 182 int . mitsubishi suv - day 182 Bob speed toward the sheep who be again block the road . he pull up to they and honk . nothing happen . shepherd on camel stare . he inch the car forward . Bob 's suv be steadily engulf by sheep . then he can not go any further . he force the door open and get out . 183 ext . sheep crossing - day 183 cacophonous sheep bell and sheep sound , hoof in sand . the sun be brutal . Bob climb onto the hood . he Pov ahead in the desert , beyond the sheep , of Prince nasir 's convoy be rapidly disappear . and the highway curving to the right . 184 int . mitsubishi suv - day 184 Bob slam the car into reverse and begin back out of the sheep . it 's slow go . sheep get bump , baaing loudly , as Bob reverse . CUT to : 185 ext . predator drone aircraft - day 185 a metal plane , like a giant , grey insect , drift silently above the earth . the horizon be bright and curve . the predator have no pilot . the control adjust on they own with robotic smoothness . 186 int . / ext . mitsubishi suv - day 186 Bob get free of the sheep . he turn off the highway and drive out into the desert , go around the giant flock , so that he can cut the convoy off at a angle . a wizen shepherd on a camel watch the suv go . the water truck continue swish , swish , swishing . CUT to : 187 int . hellfire BAY - day 187 the bay where two hellfire missile wait . the hatch begin open . ( continued ) 121 187 continued : 187 the desert floor appear far below , just a blank canvas , the detail out of reach of human eye . CUT to : 188 int . prince nasir' hummer - day 188 the baby be scream and a child can not get its juice box to fit in the hummer cup holder . the square corner hit the circular open . and again . and again . nasir 's wife ready a bottle . the child slam the juice box . nasir reach and fit the juice box in the holder . the baby keep scream . CUT to : 189 int . banquet hall - oilman of the year - night 189 laughter fill the room at a sumptuous award dinner . sir david have white hair and a black bow tie . sir david I would like to say , in make we selection of the recipient of this award , John Brown can not win every year . it would be like formula one with schumacher and Ferrari win over and over . and I do not need to tell you whose fuel they be use . face in the crowd , eat and laugh -- sir david ( cont 'd ) this be not to crown a career . you be a young man and , unlike I , have many year of toil ahead of you . this year 's oilman of the Year , Mr. leland janus of connex - killeen . the crowd give leland " lee " janus a stand ovation as he walk to the podium . all the big oil company have table . bennett holiday be next to Dean white . Mr. janus shake hand with Sir David and accept a engrave crystal oil derrick . mr. janus thank you , Sir David . thank you . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 122 189 continued : 189 mr. janus ( cont 'd ) it 's not a secret vote , so we can see who be voting for themselves . it 's all right to vote for yourself . I do not vote for myself . the rapt face of oil man listen to a oil man . mr. janus ( cont 'd ) I vote this year , as I do every year , for Ali naimi , the Saudi oil Minister , who have do more for shareholder value than all of we combine . laughter as a smile saudi accept a round of applause . mr. janus ( cont 'd ) and that be certainly not a criticism of any of we in this room . my father tell I when I be young , never criticize a man until you have walk a mile in he shoe . this be something I have try to live by , because , if you do criticize , you be already a mile away and you have get he shoe . laughter , people glance ... who know he be so funny ? CUT to : 190 int . hellfire BAY - day 190 a missile shift , roll sideways , a slow mechanical movement of impersonal machinery ... and then one of the hellfire missile silently drop and fall rapidly away from the plane . CUT to : 191 int . mitsubishi suv - day 191 Bob race across the white desert . ahead , through the windshield , the convoy angle along the highway . CUT to : 123 192 ext . fishing boat - day 192 Fire boat shoot water in the distance . as wasim make he way to the prow of the boat , slowly . the huge LNG tanker slide into frame , fill the sky . the name -- the condoleeza rice -- appear . wasim push fishing net aside , revealing a stinger missile fashioned into a shape charge and fitte to the prow of the boat . a smiley face scratch into the surface of the stinger , the same missile Bob intend to explode in the beginning . CUT to : 193 int . mitsubishi suv - day 193 Bob be close on the front of the convoy , maybe a hundred yard off . he can see Prince nasir . he pull a white shirt from the backseat and start wave it out the window . CUT to : 194 int . CIA task force bunker - night 194 people stare at the monitor , tense and restless . angle - monitor the toy-like convoy snake across the desert . franks ( o.s. ) somebody tell I what the hell be go on . willy ( o.s. ) the plane be just really high . and there 's delay on the video transmission -- franks how long ? willy I do not know . I can find out . I think from Yemen to here be like four or five second . CUT to : 124 195 int . bryan' vehicle - day 195 bryan stare ahead . his Pov up the length of the convoy . the hum of the highway . he turn and see , out the window , the mitsubishi suv cut toward they . CUT to : 196 int . CIA task force bunker - night 196 angle - monitor the toy-like convoy snake across the desert . another car enter the frame , angle toward the convoy . franks ( o.s. ) what 's that other car ? CUT to : 197 int . prince nasir' hummer - day 197 the scream baby take the bottle and quiet . Prince nasir make eye contact with he wife and smile . a bodyguard in the front hear something over the radio and point out to the desert -- nasir turn and look at Bob 's car fast approach -- CUT to : 198 int . mitsubishi suv - day 198 Bob angle the car in tighter , wave the white flag . nasir 's bodyguard point they weapon . CUT to : 199 int . prince nasir' hummer - day 199 Prince nasir see he . they make eye contact -- a bodyguard begin shouting into a walkie-talkie . other vehicle race forward and surround Bob 's car , force it to stop . 200 ext . desert highway - day 200 Soldiers with they weapon on Bob . he step from he car hold the white shirt in front of he . ( continued ) 125 200 continued : 200 bob it 's okay . it 's okay . Bob slowly . approach Prince nasir 's vehicle . they stare at one another . nasir lower he window . prince nasir I remember you . you be the canadian . tight on Bob . he start to speak -- a white flash match CUT to : 201 int . CIA task force bunker - night 201 angle - monitor a tiny poof of white smoke . and vehicle scatter in crazy direction . then a rush of black smoke . angle - the room the crowd of Chiefs and technician erupt into celebration , handshake and high -five . angle - monitor the tendril of black smoke be spread into a black cloud . the vehicle be stop . CUT to : 202 int . banquet hall - oil man of the year - night 202 the room be silent . Mr. janus stare into the crowd . mr. janus I accept this award on behalf of the employee of connex - killeen , we people , the finest in the world ... ( move ) guy , could I get you to stand up for a moment ? at the connex table , Tommy and Jimmy and the other get to they foot . the crowd applaud . bennett applaud Jimmy who see he clap and applaud he right back -- CUT to : 126 203 ext . desert highway - day 203 the Prince nasir convoy be scattered like toy . people break with shock and awe . debris be still fall . find bryan move forward through smoke and overturn vehicle , the only sound the buz / ringing in he ear . bryan 's Pov of a burn crater in the road . nasir 's car and family be completely incinerate . and nearby Bob 's car be a massive ball of flame . CUT to : 204 int . banquet hall - oil man of the year - night 204 Mr. janus'holds out he hand to still applause . mr. janus I want to thank we strategic friend from around the globe who be here tonight . more applause . emir meshal Al - subaai give a little wave to both side of the room . mr. janus ( cont 'd ) I hope I be not give away trade secret when I say liquefy Natural Gas truly be the fuel of the future . Mr. janus raise he crystal derrick in a toast . mr. janus ( cont 'd ) and to everyone else who help make this the most exciting and important and profitable industry on earth . the crowd again begin clapping for itself . Light catch the crystal oil derrick and refract -- CUT to : 205 ext . desert - day 205 bryan stagger away . we be on he back as he slog , then we come around ... bryan 's face be tight in half the frame while behind he the wreckage and people and smoke trail away . ( continued ) 127 205 continued : 205 bryan wipe at a tear , and another . then suddenly , he 's weep , lose it completely . he stumble blindly on . bryan wander through the desert , a hazy form merge with the heat shimmer horizon . CUT to : 206 ext . fishing boat - day 206 tight on farooq 's eye . farooq be terrify . he stare at wasim who be watch the tanker where worker and touring dignitary pay no attention . on another boat a father and son fisherman go about they business . the father smile briefly at wasim . wasim see that farooq be freeze . wasim shout at he in urdu . farooq hesitates a moment longer , then he hand push the throttle forward . the dhow accelerate , break free of the flotilla , head straight for the condoleeza rice ( LNG carrier ) . at the bowsprit , wasim have the wind and sunlight and spray in he face . wasim' Pov of the containment bubble which have a cover of freeze , sparkling condensate and look exactly like snow cover mountain . on wasim 's face a slow , almost beatific smile begin to spread . he seem completely at peace as he pass into the shadow of the tanker . on the condoleeza rice sailor become alarmed , run in different direction , but it 's too late the little boat speed for the side of the tanker and just as it make impact -- CUT to white : fade in : 207 ext . madrassa - day 207 sprinkler water a green field in the middle of a desert . 208 ext . wasim' videotape " will " - day 208 wasim appear against a plain background . he look very young . he address the camera . ( continued ) 128 208 continued : 208 wasim during the funeral I want everyone to be quiet . and I should be lie on my right side . 209 int . woodman house - USA - day 209 riley play with a Thomas train set . Julie read in a comfortable chair . pack box be still unopen . wasim ( v.0 . ) ( continuing ) you should throw dust on my body three time while say , from the dust we create you and to dust you will return . riley see he mother look past he . he turn , see he father , and run toward he . bryan gather he son up in he arm . wasim ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) from the dust a new person will be create . bryan look through the room at he wife who have take a few step toward he . she hesitates -- CUT to : 210 int . bob be office - CIA - day 210 a man clean out Bob 's office , put file into box . another man put photo into a box . angle - photo bob with a friend , smile . another photo of bob with coworker be place on top . tighter on this picture of Bob -- wasim ( v.0 . ) ( continuing ) everyone should mention that I die pure of heart and that the next world be the true life ... CUT to : 211 ext . bennett' condo - D.C. - night 211 bennett get out of a cab . his father be slump over on the front stoop . ( continued ) 129 211 continued : 211 wasim ( v.0 . ) . the next world be the true life . bennett walk up the step and pause beside he father . bennett ( gently ) come on , man . come on ... leave the beer . his father rouse . bennett help he inside and the door shut behind they . CUT to black : the end