terminator 2 : 3-d battle across time by James cameron and Adam bezark January 11 , 1995 exterior / entrance as we stroll down the elegant Hollywood boulevard at universal studios Florida , one particular facade catch we eye . it 's a 1940s hollywood office build that might have be commission by Howard Hughes in he prime . the sign over the entrance read : cyberdyne system the graphic style be hi-tech modern , indicate that cyberdyne must be a new tenant . but even more compelling be the sign that " morph " out of the concrete in front of the building . rising on a pylon , the sign let we know what we be really here to see : t2/3d we walk through the door into the dark , chilly lobby . interior queue : cyberdyne lobby once inside the building , it 's as though we have step into another world . all trace of the gracious 1940s design have be obliterate by the current tenant . the cyberdyne lobby be a ultramodern statement in polished gray concrete , with a rustic terrazzo floor . the cyberdyne system logo hang on the back wall . a smaller sign inside the lobby read : cyberdyne system special project division - authorize personnel only today' schedule : demonstration of New Technologies invite guest only we enter the queue area , a cheerless world of polished gray concrete and brush stainless steel accent . a number of smoke plastic dome hang from the ceiling , presumably conceal surveillance camera . video monitor suspend from the ceiling carry a endless cycle of information program . this depict the history of cyberdyne , the history of cyberdyne 's robotic development program , and so forth . the video be both serious and humorous . Beyond the lobby , we find the entrance to another room . a sign over the entry read " mile bennet dyson Memorial auditorium . " presently a cheery p.r. drone voice address we . p.r. drone voice lady and gentlemen ; Senators , congressman ; invite guest . welcome to cyberdyne system , America 's lead supplier of future technology for consumer product and defense . you be about to enter we demonstration Center for a classified preview of we most incredible new technology . please remember that all information present today be strictly confidential . finally , cyberdyne system cannot be responsible for personal injury sustained due to radiation exposure or high energy tachyon field . thank you , and enjoy the presentation . as we leave the indoor queue , we pass a unattend kiosk which contain custom - design safety visor -- we 3-d glass . we pick up a pair as we walk into the pre-show . pre -show : video wall prologue enter the pre -show area give we a strange sense of compression . claustrophobia , even . it 's a narrow , rectangular chamber with a angular ceiling . High -tech , ultramodern wall finish and carpete floor give we the sense of enter the inner sanctum of a powerful corporation . four large video wall bear down on we , embed in the slopping ceiling . a cantilever platform at the far end of the room feature a speaker 's podium ; it hang in front of the farthest video Wall . as we enter , carry we 3 - D glass , the cyberdyne logo float across the video wall . we hear the glossy p.r. voice again as we file into the room . p.r. drone voice ( v.o. ) welcome to the cyberdyne demonstration Center . please do not put on you Safety visor at this time . improper use of this glass can result in disorientation , dizziness , or minor chromosome damage . thank you . the room light fade to half , as the video wall spring to life with a cyberdyne promotional video that spread across the screen . it 's a slick , polished presentation with lot of fancy video effect , trendy cinematography , punchy MTV editing . the actor be a politically correct ethnic balance , and all look happy . wealthy . perfect . we narrator voice be warm and fatherly : hal holbrook , John mahoney , Dennis weaver . it 's a parody of that AT&T " you will " ad , but with a slightly sinister cyberdyne overtone . and it go like this : show start fade in ext . meadow - day a graceful butterfly flitter across a golden field of daffodil . it land on a flower in the foreground . narrator ( v.o. ) imagine a world ... where butterfly run on battery . tight on the butterfly : we see it 's actually a tiny flying machine of plastic and chrome . miniature hydraulic cylinder power its delicate wing . int . schoolroom montage - day scrubbed , happy kid listen eagerly to the day 's lesson . narrator where child in Chicago ... Detroit ... Los Angeles ... and Seattle ... in each schoolroom , the eager student gaze at hi-tech flatscreen monitor build into they desk . a single teacher appear on all the monitor . narrator ... all learn exactly the same lesson . from exactly the same teacher . at exactly the same time . every day . int . live room - day a little old lady sit in a rock chair , deftly manipulate the world 's most complicated remote control . a huge video wall dominate she live room , the screen divide into sixty different individual image . narrator where a grandmother can choose from five thousand television channel . and if she can not , she television choose for she . all sixty screen cut to " murder , she wrote " -- or other innocuous mca show . the Lady smile . int . operating room a high - tech surgical procedure be in progress . robot - guide lasers move across the patient , make ultra - precise incision . a video camera look down at the procedure , next to a video monitor display a surgeon be face . narrator where a neurosurgeon can remove a brain tumor ... ext . beach front house - sunset the other end of the video link : the same surgeon sit on a rustic porch overlook a sunset - drench beach . a laptop computer sit on the arm of he chaise- lounge . the content look surgeon deftly manipulate a pair of robotic remote control handle that be connect to the computer , while watch the result of he surgery on the little monitor . narrator ... without miss the sunset . the surgeon reach over and sip a pina colada . int . HOTEL room - night a smile mommy look into a picture phone , whisper a lullaby to she daughter . she grasp a robotic remote control handle just like the one the surgeon use . narrator or a mother can tuck she baby in at night ... int . nursery - night the other end of the video link : angle on the sleepy daughter as mommy 's video face coo gently from the picture phone . responding to the mother 's command , a shiny mechanical claw grasp the little girl 's blanket and pull it up to she chin . narrator ... from halfway around the planet . pow ! smash CUT to extreme cu , move across a fantastic computer chip . narrator it 's happen . pow . closer on the chip . narrator today . pow . closer . narrator at cyberdyne system . pow !! smash CUT to the cyberdyne logo . then ... fade to black . in the darkness , we hear drive industrial music . then , screen by screen , the video Wall come back to life with image of hi - tech manufacactur . narrator that 's right . cyberdyne . we be back , bigger and better than ever . and we be ready to lead the world down the information superhighway . we goal : complete global communication leadership . montage - various location we see happy people use cyberdyne 's high - tech product in a variety of glossy setting . that robotic arm be show up again . Painting car , weaving basket , assemble detonator . narrator we have pioneer new breakthroughs in artificial Intelligence ... neural Network processor ... plus advanced robotic system for Medicine , consumer product ... and Defense . tomahawk missile streak through the sky , create brilliant trace of light . the visual come faster now . more military image mix with the industrial / commercial visual . Music begin to build , accelerate urgently . narrator but we great challenge lie ahead . and now we see technician labor over something dark , omniscient . a NASA space shuttle orbit the earth , release a satellite . narrator or rather ... above . six hundred mile above , in geosynchronous earth orbit . today , this cyberdyne satellite protect we from enemy attack . but soon , they will go even farther . satellite in space . Department of Defense stratigic Defense initiative satellite footage . narrator imagine every computer on earth ... every television ... every telephone ... and eventually , every live person ... united . in the ultimate global network . you have hear of the information highway ? welcome to the information skyway . image of people and computer network . people carry nifty -look personal communication device . caption : " pending fcc approval " narrator imagine the ease ... the speed ... the fun ! you will be able to reach any person , anywhere on earth , any time you choose . a consumer consult she newton-style personal communication device . it flash a series of message : " Judy : call Mom " ... " come to Ed blumberg 's Auto mall ! check out we new minivan ! click here " ... " past due : $ 62.94 to skynet Communications , Inc. -- click to authorize fund transfer . " the image come faster . music be pound . narrator this be the future of communication . the future of National Defense . the future of a new global society . lady and gentlemen ... this be skynet . the skynet logo form on screen . suddenly the video image twitches , then explode into static . a computer - generate status line appear in the upper leave corner of the screen . it say : signal interrupt . unauthorized transmission . auto - override : fail . a angry voice no !!! a instant later the static scatter , revealing a shaky close circuit video image . int . a dark place two people be stand in a small dark room : one of they reach toward we , adjust a unseen video camera . the other twiddle the control on a small electronic box . but this people do not look like the well - groom cyberdyne employee we have see so far . they wear battle fatigue and carry a small arsenal of weapon and electronic gear . we be look at two fugitive from history . sarah connor . and she son JOHN . John have grow since we see he last . now about sixteen year old , tall and whipcord lean , he 's keep in shape by constant exercise , travel and vigilance . he 's tougher than before , harden by loss . but still a boy , really . prone to outburst of youthful enthusiasm . Sarah , though , look much the same . year of combat training have keep she in top physical condition . Hair pull back in a tough ponytail , eye hide by dark glass . she 's not quite as wire as she be in 1991 , but she 's still not someone you would want to piss off . and right now , she 's pretty piss off . sarah how dare you ?! how dare you !?! this stupid cutesy - pie corporate video make I sick ! skynet be not we defender . it 's we downfall ! everyone of you death monger cyberdyne bloodsucker should be barbecue in you own -- JOHN Mom ... mom ! the mission , remember ? ( to we ) she 's a little tense . Sarah take a second to calm down . John step forward and address the camera . JOHN um , okay . attention , everybody . this be a warning . to all civilian inside this building . cyberdyne system be a menace . the skynet project threaten the future of humanity . we be go to stop it . you have get five minute to get out . and now , in the pre - show theater , cyberdyne start to react to Sarah 's uninvite broadcast . as Sarah 's narration continue , we hear a quiet beeping , and a little light begin to flash from a operation panel on the raise dais . a door open behind the dais , and we see a silhouette move in the dark . a cyberdyne employee walk up to the dais . she stand in front of the video Wall , a dark silhouette against the giant flicker image . this be kimberley duncan , a cyberdyne " marketeer " who we will meet in a minute . she watch the pirate broadcast for a moment . though she try not to show it , we can tell that she 's upset by the transmission . kimberley pick up a telephone handset hang from the ops panel . she whisper into the phone , try to keep we from hearing . kimberley Security ? it 's they . ( hiss ) the connor , you idiot ! they be crash we show . yes , there 's a audience here . ( angry ) I do not care . shut they down . now . kimberley slam down the phone . meanwhile , back on the video screen , the connor 's pirate transmission continue : Sarah remove she sunglass and stare at we . sarah ( to we ) now listen very carefully . John punch a tape player . the word " initiate program " flash for a instant on the screen . static . then : a nightmare vision of the future . vision - montage we be watch a flashback sequence of scene from the movie " terminator 2 : judgment Day " . in contrast to the chic , soft look of the cyberdyne video , this image be sharp , bold , flood with brilliant orange and blue . a desolate landscape : the ruin of Los Angeles . camera come to rest on a skull half - bury in the rubble . hold on this image as : a metal foot crush the skull like china . tilt up , revealing a humanoid machine hold a massive battle rifle . it look like a chrome skeleton ... a high - tech death figure . it be the endoskeleton of a Series 800 terminator . and now , for the first time , we hear the terminator theme music . dark. urgent. militant . cut to assort shot of the future war as Sarah speak : sarah the skynet project be doom . one month after its completion , the skynet computer will turn against its human creator , and launch a all - out war against mankind . the conflict will last over thirty year , with the fate of the human race at stake . sarah appear in a inset frame , address the camera . sarah how do I know this be go to happen in the future ? ( solemn ) trust I . angry streak of lightning flicker across the screen , and a black time sphere appear in a parking lot . the sphere vanish , revealing a crouching , naked man . sarah skynet send mechanical assassin back in time , to destroy anyone who might oppose it . the t-1000 walk into view , frame by dance flame . sarah this " terminator " threaten my life ... and the life of my son . wham ! CUT to a lightning - fast collection of action clip from the movie . the t-1000 pursue young JOHN . the t-1000 stalk JOHN through a mall , break into a run . the t-1000 pursue JOHN down a riverbed . Three - ton tow truck versus eighty - pound minibike . the t-1000 fire he pistol at John with alarming speed . sarah but resistance send a lone warrior . a protector for John . heroic shot of the terminator . sarah ( v.o. ) another terminator , program to defend human life . terminator aim he shotgun directly at John . terminator get down . John duck ; terminator open fire on the T -1000 , shield John with he back . sarah ( v.o. ) and despite certain ... reservation ... that I have about this particular model , he defend we to the very end . sacrifice he own existence to save the future . terminator lower himself into the molten steel pit . sarah ( v.o. ) and then John and I be alone again . sarah and JOHN embrace in they final shot from " terminator 2 , " gaze down into the molten steel . terminator theme music end . pop ! we be back with JOHN and sarah in the present day , transmit from they secret location . John monitor the jam equipment , increasingly jumpy . sarah ( onscreen ) I think we would prevent judgment Day . but now ... it 's all start again . JOHN Mom , we gotta go . like now . sarah skynet must never be complete . static start to obscure the image . Sarah be a giant now , she blaze eye fill the video screen . sarah get out of the building . you have be warn . you have five minute before we -- video static overwhelm the image . Computer data scroll across the screen : unauthorized transmission : manual override . color bar fill the screen ; the word please stand by be superimpose . then -- a instant of static , and we be back to : cyberdyne promo video -- which , oblivious to the connor 's interruption , be now building up to its stir conclusion . flag wave against flash laser graphic ; child laugh across digital chat network ; soldier march and smile from hi - tech tank ; a pair of grandpparent kiss via two - way television . it 's big and soppy and sentimental , with a slight military edge . narrator ( v.o. ) -- make the future safer and friendlier for everyone . one of the image that flicker by : cyberdyne scientist , wear Safety visor like ours , labor over a silhouett chrome skeleton . narrator and you will witness perhaps cyberdyne 's great breakthrough . a incredible new technology that will change you world today ... and tomorrow . meanwhile , kimberley duncan re-enter and watch the screen . she pick up the phone , dial as she watch the cyberdyne video finale . kimberley right . that take care of it . ( impatient ) I do not know how they do it . that 's suppose to be you job . ( a beat ) do what you have to . double the security on the door . just keep they out . she bang down the phone and wait in the dark for the video to end . ext . children' playground - day a idyllic playground overlook Los Angeles . child and mother play on the swing , the slide , the roundabout . the mechanical butterfly land on a swingset , next to a beautiful little girl . its wing move slowly back and forth . we push in on the creation , into extreme close - up . a tiny red LED light glow in the center of each wing . narrator the future . it 's happen . today . at cyberdyne system . and as we fade out , the butterfly 's outline seem for a moment to resemble the red-ey chrome skull of a terminator endoskeleton . we fade to black . a moment later , the cyberdyne logo fade in , white letter against black : cyberdyne system we be the future after a moment of silence , we ... fade out a moment of darkness . then ... a spotlight rise , illuminate the person stand on the dais . the kimberley duncan who greet we now act completely different from the shadowy , angry person we hear a moment ago . kimberley well , hi , everybody ! it sure be nice to see so many friendly face here today ! ( a fresh start ) welcome , lady and gentlemen , to cyberdyne system . my name be kimberley Duncan , cyberdyne 's director of Community Relations and media Control . today you be go to see a classified presentation of out latest , most exciting technology . I will tell you this much now : you will need the Safety visor we distribute when you enter . do anybody need a pair of glass ? please ask we attendant as you enter the demonstration Center . everybody ready ? okay , then . follow I ! the automatic door swing open . kimberley step down from the dais and lead we into the MAIN show theater . MAIN show act I cyberdyne demonstration we enter the cyberdyne presentation CENTER through multiple door at the back of the theater . the spacious auditorium feature wide , carpete aisle and comfortable seat . a broad stage span the room , its various platform level reach down to the audience floor and up to a large curtain . the walk -in music continue the hip , you be - go - to - love - this flavor establish in the pre-show video . a speaker' podium / control console stand stage right , bear the cyberdyne logo . the Control Console wrap around behind the podium , form a little space where a person can stand and either address the audience , or turn upstage to operate a array of high - tech control panel and digital display . a vertical video projection screen lie embed in a structural column , stage right of the podium . the same dron voice from the pre - show chime in . p.r. drone ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman : welcome to the cyberdyne visitor Center . we special presentation of classified technology will continue in just a moment . please do not put on you Safety visor at this time . wait until instruct by you cyberdyne host or hostess . kimberley duncan , the cyberdyne spokesperson , lead we into the theater . she hop up onto the stage and direct we . kimberley please step in quickly , lady and gentleman . find a row and move all the way to the end , make room for everyone . because this auditorium be precision design by cyberdyne engineer , rest assure that every seat will give you a excellent view of we presentation . kimberley busy herself at the Control Console , press a sequence of button . kimberley and now , if everybody be settle , let 's continue with we presentation . kimberley press a button , and the house light fade to half . a spotlight fade up on she . behind kimberley , the curtain open , revealing a hi - tech wall emblazon with a large chrome cyberdyne logo . the video projection screen carry a live image of kimberley as she speak from the podium . kimberley lady and gentleman : armed combat have enter the age of the think machine . and today , it give we great pleasure to introduce the ultimate think machine ... we hear the faint whirring of servos all around we . then , with a startling pchsssssh , six large pneumatic hatch open around the room . liquid nitrogen fog spill out of the hatches . kimberley ... the mechanical soldier . and as intense music build , a group of cold metal object start to rise from the six open hatches around we . fog light shine up through dark metal grating below , casting eerie shadow up the theater wall . kimberley cyberdyne system be proud to present ... the future of modern defense . this thing be creepy . at first we might mistake they for missile rise out of they silo ; but then we realize that this be gleam chrome robot . kimberley the cyberdyne Series 70 automate Fighting infantry unit . or , as we call they ... ka-chunk ! the robot finish they upward travel and lock into place . they eye light up with a blood -re glow . kimberley ... the terminator . and that 's what they be . they're the deadly endoskeleton from the movie . that same skull face and chrome body , but a little larger -- this model be nearly eight foot tall . the machine be " alert " now , scan the audience as if look for trouble . they carry huge attack rifle . the video projection screen switch to image of the T - 70 around the room . a spotlight rise on kimberley . her cheery spiel contrast with the endoskeleton lethal appearance . kimberley lady and gentleman , you be look at the most advanced fight machine in the world today . and now ... let 's see just what they can do . please put on you Safety visor -- the special glass you receive outside . she put on a pair of visor just like ours . house light down . kimberley observe . kimberley push another button on the console . six hanging target descend from the ceiling and hang over the audience . they be hi-tech version of standard police target , show stylize outline of a human profile . computer voice Automatic targeting system active . the t-70s suddenly SNAP to attention like hunt dog on the trail . each terminator pick out a target and watch it descend into position . computer voice laser designator active . from each t-70s rifle a bright red laser beam appear . they crisscross the theater in sweeping arc until they lock onto they designate target . computer voice prepare to fire . lock and load . commence fire . and the room fill with thunder . the t-70s OPEN FIRE on the target . the gun blaze with Automatic Fire , rattling off six hundred round a minute . they shoot be laser perfect at first : the gun punch precise cluster through the heart and head bullsey . kimberley calmly put she finger in she ear , watch the demonstration with a placid smile . then , as the sequence progress , the robot aim deviate more and more . they start to hit the target 's arm , leg , groin . scrap of paper flutter down from the target . bullet tear up the target frame , send SPARKS fly and cause piece of the frame to break loose and dangle from the target . the gunfire stop as suddenly as it begin . the t-70s return to attention . silence . it 's be only ten or fifteen second , but it feel like the normandy invasion . the room be fill with smoke and ruin target and little drift bit of char paper . kimberley jump right in with a win corporate smile . kimberley the cyberdyne Series 70 , lady and gentleman ! house light up to half . kimberley but raw firepower be just the beginning . within five year , this incredible fight machine will completely replace U.S. combat troops in all -- thpow ! ptoom ! a pair of explosion shake the air overhead . the ceiling ventilation duct burst OPEN at two different place with a flash of light and a cloud of smoke . rappelling cable drop from the duct into the theater . then , zipping down the line from above , we see a pair of live actor : JOHN and sarah connor . they be heavily armed and ready for action . JOHN Mom ! they have already start ! sarah move ! the Security system go nut . alarm and siren SOUND all around the theater , as the video surveillance system try to get a fix on the two intruder . the video projection screen cut away from kimberley , to show the two intruder . kimberley suddenly spring into action . she completely drop she civilized facade , and become a snarling , take - no-prisoner cyberdyne mercenary . she grab for the security phone on the Control Console . kimberley ( into phone ) get I security -- now ! I have get the connor in the theater ! sarah John ! the alarm ! JOHN on it ! they pause in mid-descent and OPEN FIRE , expertly blast the alarm . John blast the alarm on the side column ; Sarah destroy the phone kimberley 's hold . they finish they zip -slide and land in the theater . they unclip they harness and run toward the stage . on the video projection screen , we can see they face more clearly . sarah ( to kimberley , indicate the t-70s ) shut that thing down ! kimberley no way , connor . this be a High - security -- pkow ! Sarah fire a shot just over kimberley 's head ; it hit the cyberdyne logo on the wall behind she . sarah right now ! kimberley ( cave in ) okay -- d- do not shoot -- kimberley fumble with the control , try to comply . but as she do , we hear a weird liquid sucking sound behind she . and the bullet hole in the cyberdyne logo heal . where the bullet enter a moment earlier , it leave a large chrome " crater . " but now , the metal logo shift and ripples like soft butter , smoothing over the hole until there 's no trace of it leave . and then , as Sarah cross to the console , the logo lose its shape and begin to peel off the wall . JOHN ( notice ) oh , no . it can not be . sarah now let 's get this thing -- as ominous music build , the melting logo drop to the ground , landing in a formless chrome blob on the top step . it cast a " shadow " on the " wall " behind it . JOHN Mom ! look out ! Sarah turn and see the bizarre chrome thing , which shift and change under its own power . sarah John ! take cover ! the connor dive off the stage , into the audience , and take refuge in the crowd . suddenly a portion of the chrome mass stretch away from the stage , extend out into the theater . the liquid metal form a mirrore face that reach out toward we , almost close enough to touch ; we can see the audience reflected in its smooth chrome feature . kimberley point a shaking finger at the chrome blob . KIMBERLY my god -- what be that ? but the connor already know what it be : the deadly cybernetic organism send by skynet to destroy John and Sarah . the t-1000 . the robot assassin scan slowly back and forth , look for John and Sarah . t- 1000 ( a eerie , filter voice ) Sarah connor ... John connor ... the metal face thrust toward we one more time ; but as it push forward , the chrome surface change to skin tone , a snake shed digital skin . the T -1000 's " human " face be almost fully form now . the head back away from US and retract toward the wall as the remain chrome mass transform into the black fabric of a policeman 's uniform . the creature pull itself into shape of a human figure . and in one final transformation , the creature morph into the T - 1000 's familiar motorcycle cop persona , complete with sunglass and helmet . the t-1000 cross the stage , never take its eye off the audience where it know John and Sarah be hide . kimberley see it come and panic . kimberley wh- what be you do ? you can not just hrgkh -- with a casual effort , the T -1000 grab kimberley by the throat and toss her behind the console . John and Sarah run up to the edge of the stage , desperately try to take cover behind a piece of equipment onstage . the t-1000 turn to the Control Console and efficiently punch a few button . computer voice ( overhead ) Automatic designator active . the hanging target ascend out of sight , as the t-70 robot come back to life . they swing around and they laser targeting system start to converge on John and Sarah . computer voice laser designator active . the t-70 laser scope sweep red beam toward the connor , who be completely expose to the chrome robot . John notice the t-70s zeroing in on they . JOHN uh , mom. Mom , this be not good . Sarah turn around and see the t-70s . they be trap . computer voice prepare to fire . lock and load . they exchange look . Sarah grab John 's hand . a last goodbye ... the quiet be shattered by a bolt of blue - white lightning that rip across the stage . tzzzakt ! another bolt appear , then another . they dance across the screen , clutching at the side column and floor as though look for a place to " land . " the lightning bolt begin to converge at a single point , across the stage from the control console . heavy metal thunder shake the theater ; and somewhere in the surreal background we hear the revving of a enormous motorcycle , get louder . t-1000 stop before he hit the fire button , look around , momentarily distract . suddenly a jet-black sphere open up in the middle of the lightning bolt , appear out of dead - ass nowhere . this be the time sphere effect from " t2 , " . through this ' time vacuole " we see fleeting , static -shadow image of another world . and with a roar of light and thunder , a leather -clad figure on a black harley - davidson explode out of the sphere ! the bike hurtle out of the void , fly through the air as though it have just arrive in mid-jump , and soar across the stage in a blaze meteor- trail of white lightning . the entire theater be lit by the glare as the bike come roaring through . it land on the stage floor , bounce heavily on its suspension . trail crackling electric discharge . it disappear for a moment behind the Control Console and reappear a instant later . the bike screech forward , accelerate toward downstage center . as it pass the console , the harley smashes into the T - 1000 , send the " cop " flying across the stage . the bike fishtail slightly and skid to a halt near the connor . the big machine thunder menacingly as its rider revs the engine . the figure on the machine be massive , dress all in black riding leather , he severe face make more threaten by the familiar black glass . enter terminator . terminator I say I would be back . the t-70s turn to follow terminator , the laser targeting beam sweeping toward he . but terminator do not waste a moment . he unsling a sawed - off ten - gauge lever action winchester from the bike 's saddle - bag and -- poom ! poom ! pump two round into the control console , which explode in SPARKS . the t-70s go dead . they descend into they silo . the t-1000 jump back to he foot and begin to advance toward they . terminator hold out a hand to John . terminator come with I if you want to live . Sarah be between John and the T -1000 . she raise she weapon and fire . it jerk with the impact , staggering but advance . dripping MERCURY crater appear in its chest with each shot . Sarah shout to John , who be hesitate ... sarah go with he ! go get skynet ! John leap onto the motorcycle behind terminator . Sarah fire again . t-1000 stagger back , then advance . sarah get out of here ! go !! terminator gun the throttle on the motorcycle . it pop a wheelie , the back wheel spinning and smoking . the T -1000 be come toward they . JOHN hit it , lugnut ! vrroooooommm !! the motorcycle take off , straight for the back wall . the time sphere , which have be flicker slowly from leave to right , now hover in the dead center of the stage . the harley hit the bottom step and leap into the AIR , and with a burst of crackling ENERGY , the motorcycle fly right into the time sphere ! the world turn inside out . as the terminator 's motorcycle enter the time sphere , a blinding glare of electrical ENERGY flash all around the bike and sphere . a cloud of tachyon particle swirl like tiny glow cinder in the bike 's wake . the time sphere expand , grow bigger and move toward we . the mysterious world behind it rush forward as well , so we be actually follow the motorcycle . the crackle sphere grow until it fill the entire 3-d film screen . at the same time , the stage and theater go dark , and all object on the stage descend into the stage , leave we look at a pure 3-d film . act ii future run the terminator and John blast through the time sphere as tachyon particle fly out in 3 - D at the audience , revealing the nuclear nightmare world of los angele 2029 . the city lie in ruin . Little fire dot the shattered landscape . strange chrome aircraft fly through the darken sky , rapid-fire plasma blast . grotesque hunter-killer tank tread the rubble landscape in the distance . as the motorcycle hit the ground and screech to a stop , the camera rush up to it , move in tight on terminator as he lean the weight of the machine on one leg and turn to look back . off he look we whip pan 180 degree , look back the way we just come ... revealing the time sphere , see from the future side . Beyond the outline of the window be the audience , still seat in the auditorium in 1996 ! before we have too much time to think about this out - of - body paradox , the T -1000 leap through the window and run right toward we . the camera push in , rush toward the evil T - 1000 , give he a sense of enormous speed . the T -1000 reach out with he right hand -- we see that it 's change into a cruel metal hook -- and then swipe at we with he leave arm , which be now a extended metallic blade . angle on terminator as he extend the 10 - gauge with one hand and point right into camera . boom ! he fire right between the t-1000 be eye . the T -1000 's head split ( saucehead effect ) as he fall back and collapse to the ground . this moment of victory be interrupt by the thunder SOUND of a approach fhk , even as plasma blast begin explode nearby . back to terminator and John as a flying hunter killer swoops into view . terminator revs up the bike and take off just as a massive plasma blast punch a three - foot crater in the ground , right where the bike be second before . we burst through the smoke and fire of the explosion following the bike as terminator swerve with machine precision , avoid the barrage of purple blast . John shout over the action . JOHN what the hell be go on ?! where be we ?! terminator you future , John connor . unless we stop they . now . JOHN ( realize ) oh man . you be head for skynet . before terminator can respond , a major big - time plasma blast explode directly in front of they . ka-blammm ! the bike hit the explode rubble , launching they into the air . in slow motion terminator grab John and spin in the air like a cat , come down on he back on the pavement -- k-wham !! he skid on he back on the concrete , throw a comet - tail of spark behind they . before he have even come to rest he be roll to he foot , pull John up next to he . behind they , the fhk circle around and come in for the kill . terminator grab John and pull he as they rush for cover . terminator this way . Quick . they rush to a large burn - out parking structure , darting under its protective cover . the massive fhk fire several plasma blast at they , but too late : its intend victim be safely inside . the fhk can not get to they . JOHN that be close . terminator it 's not over . they move into the shadow as the fhk sweep overhead again , its move searchlight seek they out . tight on the flying hk as door open in its belly , release three chrome disk as they come to life , rocketing downward towards the parking structure . they be mini - hunter : single rotor anti-personnel drone about a foot in diameter . fast , short range death - frisbee , they each carry a front- mount automatic - weapon about as powerful as a uzi . they whine like evil bee as they swarm down into the shadow , splitting off in three direction with keen precision . we track with one of they as it zip through the war tear landscape . tracking with JOHN and terminator as they sprint through the ruin of the crumble parking structure . the mini - hunter attack . angle following the lead disk as it close on the run target . terminator pull John in front of he , shield he with he body as -- the mini-hunter open fire and -- terminator 's leather jacket be rip to shred as round riddle he back . shelter John , he whip around with the 10 - gauge , fire one - hand right into camera . mini-hunter # 1 be blow into shrapnel right in the foreground . terminator pull John behind a concrete column as -- the other mini-hunter fire and -- the concrete be riddled with hit , and -- terminator and John dodge out of the garage structure and through the ruin , and -- the two remain mini-hunter fly aerobatics , swoop around , through and under the jumble ruin to stay in pursuit . the last two mini -hunters whine around a mound of debris , close . mini - hunter # 2 fly in , its gun target terminator . John see it first and dive for cover . JOHN look out ! terminator swing around , bring up the shotgun , pull the trigger -- click ! empty . as the mini-hunter fire , stitching round into he chest , he flip the gun in he hand , hold it by the muzzle and -- swing it like a bat . crack ! Grand slam ! the mini-hunter spin away , out of control , smoking and throw off bit of shrapnel . wailing plaintively and out of control , it corkscrews past the last function mini-hunter . the remain mini-hunter follow with its optical sensor as it go by , " watch " it until we hear a off-screen explosion . then it turn back toward its target and revs up angrily for a attack . following the last mini - hunter as it zip at blind speed through the ruin , follow John and terminator as they run and dodge . it lose sight of they and bank , double back -- Zigzagging through column , burnt - out doorframe , empty window -- it catch a glimpse , home in and -- lose they again . the whining disk hover one way , then the other . its sensor spin , search . huh ? perplex , it edge past a column and -- wham ! a hand shoot out of the darkness and grab it in a vice- like grip . terminator step from behind the pillar , hold the angry drine . it wriggle savagely in he hand . its miniature gun rotate , try to fire . its little rotor scream shrilly as it struggle . terminator smashes it against the wall . terminator quit you whining . it do . a skeletal silhouette with glow red eye step out of a char doorway behind they . a t-800 terminator endoskeleton ( endo ) raise its plasma rifle toward they as it move in . the t-800s be the first stage in the creation of the cyborg . we reprogrammed hero , terminator himself , start as one of this , before he be complete as a human-infiltration unit . terminator spin , hurl the dead mini-hunter like a discus , right into the chest of the T -800 . the mini- Hunter explode , blast the Endo into cartwheel chunks of metal . out of the fiery explosion , the dead Endo 's metallic head come fly out , directly at US , in horrific 3 - D . John jump backwards as the skull hurtle toward he -- the head hover for a moment -- its eye glow red as it seem to stare at we -- then it explode right in we face -- JOHN Nice shootin ' , tex . a friend of yours ? terminator he be my roommate in college . JOHN now what ? terminator hand John a backpack as he pick up the heavy plasma rifle from the dead Endo . terminator now we take on skynet . JOHN I be afraid you be go to say that . John follow terminator to a blacken doorway , camera following , revealing ... a enormous bunker . squat and brutal in its design , like a mesa of burnish metal , its side angle up hundred of foot to a flat top . it give the impression of be only the tip of a vast structure under the earth , which it be . JOHN ( awed ) oh , man . set into the face of the implacable bunker be numerous set of massive door , some close , some open to allow hunter killer to come and go . the nearest door yawn wide as a flying hunter killer emerge onto the kill plain . Beyond it , several door down , a huge track - vehicle ( tank hunter killer ) be enter the bunker . John take a peek inside the pack give to he by terminator . Inside be metal cylinder the size of a thermos ... a futuristic version of german " potato - masher " grenade . JOHN satchel charge . cool . terminator let 's bust a move . they sprint towards the door , right under the jetwash of the depart fhk . ahead , the enormous door be grind close . let I tell you about this door : they be big . big . bigger than the wizard of Oz 's door . bigger than the door in " War Games " . this be the spruce Goose of door . John and terminator run full - out toward the door . they be not go to make it ... terminator 's stride lengthen and he get there first , in time to wedge himself between the enormous door . like samson between the pillar of the temple , he hydraulic arm hold the door apart . there be a grumble roar from the hide mechanism as the door strain to close . just as John make it through , the powerful cyborg release the door , diving out of the way as they slam together with a thunderous clangggg ! plunging US into absolute blackness ... act III skynet showdown the gong-like echo of the door close die away along with the fade sound of the hk explosion . JOHN where be we ? terminator Home . a pale shaft of light filter down through the darkness , and into it walk JOHN and terminator . kawhunnk . a low , powerful hydraulic motor come to life beneath we . and then the theater begin to drop . with a hefty unlatching sound , the wall of the theater start to rise . we be on a giant elevator , the size of the entire theater . descend into the bowel of the earth . John look around in awe as the room descend . JOHN skynet . terminator affirmative . as we descend , the wall of the shaft reveal a larger vista . we be descend through the heart of skynet 's operation . this be not a place intend for human use . this be a facility design by machine for machine . the architecture be alien , without aesthetics , without even such human basic as light switch and door knob . girder and conduit crisscross the space around we . we notice dozen of tiny red " eye " scattered throughout the chamber . this be automatic video cameras ; they constantly scan the complex , look for trouble . a bank of security scanner check the elevator for intruder . this be blue fan of light that sweep across the elevator and into the theater . John and terminator duck to avoid they . a sequence of electric SPARKS throw eerie pop light from below . John and terminator brace for trouble , but it 's just a t-800 endoskeleton welding some mechanical component ; it pay they no notice . JOHN pretty intense security . terminator we be approach the final level . skynet 's Central core . terminator start load he plasma rifle , check the satchel charge : prepare for the final battle . and we descend into the high , deep , widest chamber ever build . the central core be a vast , gleam steel corridor that seem to go on forever : a cold , mechanical environment , some kind of thermal - insulate manufacturing facility . liquid nitrogen move through translucent wall and stream down from vent and piping that line the wall and ceiling . catwalk and conveyor belt crisscross the chamber at weird angle . to the leave and right , huge side tunnel branch off , nearly as vast as the central corridor . on the leave we see a gigantic video wall . the video Wall stand thirty of forty foot high and several hundred foot long , recede down the corridor . from here , skynet monitor every aspect of its empire . in the right hand tunnel , two massive truncated cone converge from above and below . a catwalk extend from the platform into the gap between the cone . a immense chrome pyramid , perhaps thirty foot high , dominate the center tunnel . while the rest of the skynet system be interconnected with duct and cable trays , this gleam metal stand strangely remove . bdoooom ! the elevator come to a stop . we have reach the bottom of the huge elevator shaft . John and terminator quietly start to explore the space . in contrast to the thunderous noise of the Act ii motorcycle - and - foot chase , the only sound here be a faint hum of powerful machine all around we and they echoing footstep . the room be cold . sterile . tomblike . JOHN so ... what 's the plan ? terminator ( indicate the huge pyramid ) we destroy the central processing unit . then we activate the time generator ... ( indicate the twin cone to we right ) ... and you go home . JOHN hmmm . well ... at least we be past all the security system . but what he do not see be that the video camera have already spot they , and they image appear on the stage right video wall . and now , a bad sound . that same metallic sucking we hear when the cyberdyne logo heal up . only a whole lot bigger . terminator all but one . there 's movement as the massive chrome pyramid begin to melt . it ripple down , form a huge donut of liquid metal on the ground . the slithering chrome reveal a smaller object underneath : a impose electronic pyramid cover in undecipherable pattern of light . JOHN ( look around , nervous ) okay ... do not tell I ... ( look at the cabinet ) that 's the Central processor ... suddenly the entire chamber seem to come to life as the liquid metal mound begin to change shape . with the horrifying sound of bend , twist , shriek metal , giant spider - like arm slice up and out of the liquid metal moat . a metallic head grow from the center . razor- sharp chrome leg extend from the shape -- and it rise into the air . JOHN ... and we be about to meet the night watchman . John back away as the deadly creature continue morphing , grow in size by the second . as the creature come to life , its head and arm reach out towards we . John and terminator back away , momentarily unsure what to do . with a deafening roar the metal complete its transformation into a horrific techno - organic chrome creature ; a kind of " steel spider " nearly thirty foot high . revealing a cruel set of razor - sharp metal teeth , the creature ( call it the T - 1,000,000 ) let out a shriek of FURY straight from the cauldron of hell . JOHN do something quick ! terminator stand clear . without miss a beat , terminator open FIRE with the plasma rifle as John dive out of the way . the shot have no effect on the creature . John and terminator run to stage left -- and the creature reach out its arm for they . terminator fire another plasma blast and this time manage to blow off one of the creature 's chrome arm . the wriggle tentacle merely dissolves and re-merges with its body once again . terminator and John rush to the other side of the stage . the T - 1,000,000 block they with its arm while metallic jaw snap at they . they move off the platform as the creature try to get at they . the metallic head hover over the audience as it search for John and terminator . 3-d image be coming at US now from all three screen . suddenly , John and terminator leap onto the platform at stage right . the creature 's head snap in they direction and it scream loudly as its arm extend toward they . JOHN any idea ? terminator get down ! terminator aim at the wall behind the creature and fire blindly into it . ptwoooossssshhh ! the side of the wall blows OPEN , release a spectacular cloud of liquid nitrogen across the stage . the fog fill the screen and stage , obscure the T - 1,000,000 for a moment . the creature 's hideous metallic cry be silence . a moment later , the smoke clear . John and terminator stand as before , still ready for they attack . but now we see the T - 1,000,000 be frozen solid , cover with sparking frost . crystallize . terminator raise the plasma rifle . JOHN wait ! the terminator spray the crystallize creature with gunfire , and the T - 1,000,000 shatter like glass . it 's blow into a million silvery fragment ; the razor sharp metal shard fly through the air in all direction . a large cluster of fragment fly right toward we eye . they hover in front of we , tinkling against each other with a music sound like a million wind chime . we feel tiny sprinkle of ice water on we arm and face as the piece shatter toward we . John and terminator look up in awe at the galaxy of metal flake float overhead . John look around , uneasy . JOHN I be not sure that be a great idea . he 's right , of course . already the fragment hover in front of we begin to soften and melt . they turn into float blob of liquid metal that start drift back towards the center of the chamber . the larger piece shift , move to join the float blob . as we heroes watch , the shattered piece melt and merge together ... terminator we do not have much time . terminator grab the satchel charge from the backpack on John . he set the timer and set the trigger . we hear it beeping as the bomb begin count down . terminator thirty second . follow I . terminator and John head to the stage leave column , where a metal structure lead to the upper platform -- and start to climb . the T - 1,000,000 be slowly reassembling itself . and now it be really , really piss . JOHN oh , man ... this be not good ... this be definitely not good ... terminator reach the service platform first , and rip OPEN the big Junction box . SPARKS jitter inside the box as terminator jigger the wire . tzzzzzzzakkktt ! the huge cone on we right suddenly flare to life . familiar lightning bolt crackle , and a time sphere appear between the cone , identical to the one terminator use in Act I . John reach the platform . the noise be building : the T - 1,000,000 rise and undulate violently , extend its razor - sharp arm out as it reform . terminator ( indication the time sphere ) go John ! now ! JOHN no ! the creature 's head be reforming now . terminator grab hold of a hanging cable and test it for strength . he wrap it around himself and grab the bomb in one hand . the beeping of the bomb have become rapid -- there 's only about ten second leave . JOHN no ! I will not go without you ! terminator six second ! go ! thing happen really fast now . terminator launch himself into the AIR , swinging on the cable . as he swing toward the cpu cabinet , terminator shout back to John : terminator go !!! John realize what 's happen as he see terminator swinging towards the T - 1,000,000 -- he turn and race down the catwalk -- and leap into the time sphere -- there 's a flare of electrical ENERGY as he disappear -- the head of the T - 1,000,000 reform and scream a blood - curdle digital howl , twist we attention back to the center screen -- its mouth open , flash chrome dagger as terminator swing toward it -- terminator kick and spin , narrowly avoid the T - 1,000,000 in mid-gnash -- the beeping of the bomb turn into a continuous high - pitch " this -is - it " tone -- terminator reach the end of the cable 's swing -- the T - 1,000,000 freeze in its track : it know it 's screw . and in the split instant before it blow , every surveillance camera in skynet turn and focus in on terminator . his grim face fill the massive video wall in a heroic close -up . terminator hasta la vista , baby . and terminator hurl the bomb into the cpu . kablalawhooooooooooom !!!!!! a massive explosion blows the cpu to shred -- it triggers a huge fireball that blows straight toward US -- and blows the t- 1,000,000 to slivery vapor ! and as the rumbling , roiling fireball blows off the screen and reach out towards we , a huge cloud of liquid nitrogen smoke thunder into the audience , obscure everything -- -- and for one terrifying instant , our seat suddenly drop out from under we -- -- and the world go black . epilogue in the darkness that follow , the terminator theme music begin again . we can make out the trapping of the cyberdyne presentation CENTER in the dim light . a light fall on JOHN and sarah . John have return from the battle drain and forlorn . Sarah fold he into she arm as she gaze out into the darkness . we hear sarah' voice overhead . sarah ( v.o. ) and so the battle continue . on the 3-d film screen above they , a final image appear : the burn red eye of a terminator endoskeleton . it move slowly out toward we , flame reflect in its chromeskull . sarah ( v.o. ) and once again I find I owe my son 's life to the heroic action of a machine . and then , as the endo skull hover directly in front of we , it fade into the solemn visage of Arnold schwarzenegger . a red glow appear in one eye behind he sunglass . sarah ( v.o ) a terminator . thunder drum roll ... blackout . end show cycle