taken by luc besson & ROBERT MARK kamen OPEN to a home video of a five year old birthday party where bryan mill , at 32 , and he wife lenore make a big fuss over they daughter , kim . it seem like the happiest of family , open present , blow out candle , husband and wife loving with one another , and with they daughter . the video run to black . the sound of a man 's labor breathe replace the image . a light be switch on and we be in ... int . bryan' live room - night bryan at 48 , look year young , in good shape , wake suddenly from where he have doze off on he couch in he small non descript , generically furnish , anonymous two bedroom apartment . the instruction manual for a karaoke machine he be read fall to the floor . we realize that this be not a home movie , but a dream . bryan take a moment to clear he head , look around at he anonymous surroundings , he eye focus on a picture of a 12 year old girl on a horse in full dressage , Kim , he daughter , grow up . he breathes out heavily , he heart hollow . he pick up the manual from the floor , look at it . all be not right in he world . it show in he eye . ext . los angele - day bryan drive he innocuous three year old Nissan past the Hollywood sign , pull into a modest strip mall . Parks in Front of a small appliance store . exit the car with the karaoke manual in hand . enter the store . int . SMALL appliance store - day bryan enter the cluttere store , which be jamme from floor to ceiling with every type of electronic gadget . he be greet by the owner , singh , a turbane sikh . singh Mr. Mills , how be you ? bryan I be fine . how be you , Mr. Singh ? '' ingh very fine . I suppose you want to see it again ? bryan if you do not mind . singh a educate consumer be a happy consumer ... you know where it be . bryan walk over to a karaoke machine . singh you know if I charge you a dollar for every time you come in to examine the machine , you would already own it ... twice over . bryan I be look over the manual and I notice on page seventeen there be a auto record feature , but I do not remember see it ... Singh press a button and a disc slot open up . singh Auto record . bryan examine the machine along with the manual . singh not for anything , but you know it 's the one all the pro use . mariah . beyonce . gwen stefani . bryan really ? ( beat ) who 's beyonce ? Singh look at he . bryan only kid . I will take it . int . paper shop - day bryan be studiously compare a dozen different decorative wrapping papers . clerk May I help you ? . bryan just want to make sure I be pick the right one . keeps examine the different papers . detail orient be a description that fit bryan toa T . int . bryan' live room - day bryan be wrapping the karaoke machine with a wrapping paper that read young . brightly color , with balloon and confetti . he cut the paper precisely , make the corner match just so . as with everything else , he be meticulous . the way he fold it be unique , use no tape . his phone , on speaker , be ringing a number . the party on the other end answer . voice ( accented ) James residence . bryan this be bryan Mills . I would like to speak to my daughter . voice one moment please . bryan pick up , expect he daughter . he answer with a brightness in he voice ... bryan hi honey ... that fade when he realize it be ... lenore v.o . it 's I bryan . a bit of distance in she voice . bryan stare at the picture of Kim on he desk . bryan oh hi . how be you ? lenore v.o. busy prepare . bryan be Kim there ? lenore v.o. her stylist just arrive . bryan ( disappointed ) oh. listen , I know the invitation call for two , but I be go to ask if I could come over at one . lenore v.o . you know , for a person who be such a stickler for detail , you would think you would read the invitation a little more closely . two for she friend . Three for the adult . bryan I read it . I just think maybe I could spend some one on one time with she , y'know , before thing get busy . lenore v.0o . bryan , you miss so many of the event in she life , what difference do a hour make ? bryan ( point of pride ) I have never miss a birthday . lenore v.o. I will alert the media . ( pause ) sorry . that be not necessary . I be just in the middle of a lot here . the flower come and they be the wrong pink . the dj be stick in traffic ... bryan I will see you at three . bryan hang up , feel shut out . he look at he watch . int . car - day the clock on the dashboard read one minute to three . pull back to bryan . sitting in he Nissan , watch the clock , closely . when the clock hit exactly three pm , he put the car in gear , look through the windshield , at a wall compound , where a line of mercede , bentley , ferraris , porsch , be pass the security at the gate of ... ext . jame mansion - day bryan surrender he car to a valet in the courtyard of the magnificent mansion , remove the wrap karaoke machine from the back seat of he car , follow the rest of the adult toward the front door . everyone else be dress designer , bryan be strictly off the department store rack . int . jame mansion - day bryan enter to a scene out of Homes of the Rich and famous , complete with the adult cast of character . Beyond , through the french door , in the vast grounds that stretch to the ocean , a no-expense - spare party be in full swing . a endless buffet attend by a dozen wait staff be set up under a expansive tent . on a dance floor laid over the lawn , teenager hold sway , dance , flirt , junior version of they parent . off to the side , people line up to leave they gift , which be neatly organize into a small mountain by a may . bryan ignore the line when he see kim in the back yard . not the twelve year old in the picture on he desk , but a young woman of seventeen . tall , beautiful , full of life . a golden girl , who carry privilege easily , surround by Friends , amidst a swirl of waiter , and photographer , videographer . ext . backyard - jame mansion - day bryan exit , be immediately intercept by ... security uh , sir excuse I , but the adult party be inside . bryan I be Kim 's father . security Excuse I , but I work for she father . bryan her real father . security oh ... and then ... lenore it 's alright cyril . the Security back off as lenore , the woman in the home video / dream , older , but still beautiful , dress rich / casual , the mistress of the exquisitely appoint mansion , appear . lenore ( cool ) hello bryan . bryan hello lenore , the moment be awkward , at best . bryan I just want to give Kim she present . lenore we be let the kid have they own space . you can put it with all the other . she point to the pile of present inside . bryan I want it to be more personal . lenore still have trouble follow the rule , I see . bryan oh come on lennie ... lenore I have ask you not to call I that please . bryan Excuse me.t ( point ) lenore . kim hi ... he turn to he daughter . bryan hello darling . happy birthday . he hand she the box . kim thanks ! she hug he . lenore I be just tell you father we arrange to have all the present ... . bryan open it . lenore sweetie , I think it 's bad manners to open one and not ... bryan here ... he take the bow off , pull one end of the wrapping . the whole paper come away neatly . kim cool . bryan no tape . I learn it in Japan . lenore ( bemuse ) a karaoke machine ? the diminish tone in she voice sting . bryan ( apologetic ) I figure she want to he a singer , lenore when she be twelve bryan . we have move on . bemusement mix with a barely contain disdain . kim thank you daddy . she hug he . and whisper in he ear . kim I still want to be a singer . just do not tell Mom . a bit redeeme , bryan take out a disposable camera . bryan ok . one for the book ... lenore we have a professional photographer . bryan ignore lenore 's roll of the eye . bryan Big smile . Kim stand next to the machine , flash a 24 karat smile . and just as bryan snap the picture , a commotion from the far side of the property draw she attention to ... stuart jame , rich , polished , impeccably dress and coif canter a magnificent specimen of a horse through the gate . the crowd part , and then , follow the horse and rider as they head right for a astonished Kim , a delighted lenore , a chagrine bryan . Stuart pull on the rein and come to a abrupt halt right in front of Kim , lenore and bryan . he leap off the horse , hand the rein to Kim . stuart happy birthday darling . kim oh my god ! oh my god ! she throw she arm around he neck , pepper he with mad kiss . kim I love you ! I love you ! bryan wince involuntarily , each word , each kiss a small nick on he heart . stuart give he a try . Kim put a foot in the stirrup , and with a boost from Stuart she be in the saddle . her seat be excellent , she command of the huge animal impressive . she jerk the rein , the horse respond , wheel around and take off at a canter across the lawn . lenore Stuart , you be impossible . stuart I know . hello bryan . bryan Stuart . the two man shake hand ; Stuart with all the confidence of a man who know he be ahead on point ; bryan with the feel that he be lose ground rapidly . 9. Stuart look over to Kim put the horse through he pace on the far side of the vast expanse of lawn . stuart she 's not a little girl anymore , be she ? bryan I guess not . stuart stay for lunch ? bryan | no . I just want to come by and wish she a happy birthday . stuart I be sure she appreciate it . bryan smile thinly . lenore take Stuart 's arm . lenore darling , now that you have make you grand entrance , come mingle . stuart good to see you , bryan . bryan you too . as lenore and Stuart walk off , arm in arm , bryan look over to where Kim be surround by she friend admire she horse . he look down at he sorry little karaoke machine , feel outflanke . isolate . , int . sav - on drug store - evening all neon and sale item . a clerk at the one hour develop booth hand bryan a packet of photo . int . bryan' live room - night close up the picture of Kim with the karaoke machine . a photo album cover mark happy birthday kim . pull back to bryan . paste the picture in a album . he turn the page backwards . every page be mark with the year and Kim 's age over a birthday picture . bryan linger over each and every picture , regret mingle with the pleasure of relive the moment . 10 . the door bell ring , interrupt bryan . he put the album aside , rise , head for the door . he answer to three man . SAM , bernie , and casey . in they hand , beer , wine , on they face the knowledge that ... SAM you forget . bryan stand there , chagrine . he do . ext . bryan' patio - night on the cramped cement patio , bryan be tend steak on a small barbecue . while Sam prep some potato , casey open the wine , and bernie toss the salad . SAM it 's not like I do not call to remind you . LA ? third Saturday in May ? Red meat , red wine ? sound familiar ? casey he probably have a lot on he mind . bernie yeah . the busy life of a retiree . every day a new adventure . SAM so what do one do in retirement ? take nap ? play golf ? chase rich widow ? casey that take care of the morning . bryan go on , make fun . you know why I be here . casey how 's that go ? bryan ok . we have she birthday today . seventeen . bernie lennie still have a hard on for you ? bryan she 's not lennie anymore . she 's lenore . SAM she still have a hard on . 11 . casey and the husband ? bryan the same . perfect . SAM you dig deep enough , there 's always shit . casey you want we to dig ? bernie what ? you think he have not do that ? Mr. attention to detail . casey how 's Kim ? bryan good . she 's good . SAM she spend the night yet ? bryan we be work on it . the man trade a know look . casey do she appreciate the fact that you give up you life to be close by ? bryan what life do I give up ? bernie hey , you remember that time we be in Beirut after the Chief disappear , and bry be deep under with that crazy fuck Sheik from Hezbollah ? the one who be gonna get we inside , and then he disappear ? casey and we be sure you cover be blow and they be , like , pull you fingernails out one by one . SAM and we be scramble to get the fuck outta dodge before we get take down . and where the fuck be you ? bryan I promise she I would never miss a birthday . SAM that go down well at langley when they find out you fly the coop to attend you kid 's birthday ... nine thousand mile away . where do you say you next posting be ? the Arctic circle spying on penguin , I believe it be . bernie penguin be in Antarctica . bryan what 's the point here ? SAM we still get a space open , bry . all you have to do be say the word , it 's yours . bryan who like theirs rare ? he lift a steak off the grill . ext . bryan' apartment - night bryan be see he friend off . Sam stop at the door as the other walk to they car . SAM look , all kid aside , we think it 's a great thing what you be do , try to make up for lose time with you kid . but tomorrow 's job ? right here . twenty five hundred buck for four hour work . just for take some pop diva to and from she concert . we be one short . bryan a singer ? SAM I do not know if you could call she a singer exactly . more like a cash cow . twenty million record . get as many death threat as marriage proposal . bryan ( quick ) ok . 13. SAM really ? bryan really . SAM perfect . it will be like old time . bryan better . no one get kill . ext . los angele - night the downtown skyline glitter on a crystal clear night . ext . arena - night the lead car , follow by a suv with black out window , swing around the rear of the arena , enter through the rear entrance , wave through by the Arena Security . int . arena - night the two car stop . the door open and the diva , a golden tress pop goddess , exit with she entourage , surround by bernie , Sam , casey , and bryan . the press corp , keep at a distance , pop they flash . a handful fan scream she name . the diva flash she widest smile , wave to the fan . SAM ma 'am if we can keep move . diva my mother be ma'tam , if you do not mind . and as if to show whose boss , she stop , wave to the fan , vamp for the photographer , before move on into the dress room . SAM bernie , you and casey be out here . I will be up front . bry , you be in the room . bryan enter . int . dressing room - night as the diva be fuss over by she hair dresser and she make up person , she warm up the pipe with gio , run scale . she sure can sing . she hit the last amazing high note , hold it forever . bryan stand in the corner . as she finish ... 14 . bryan that be amazing . for the first time the diva notice bryan . diva thank you . what do you say you name be ? bryan bryan . bryan Mills . diva Nice to meet you bryan Mills . she hold she hand out . he shake it . a knock on the door . voice you be on ! the diva tense a bit . everyone get jump up . victor let 's do it darling ! the entourage start for the door . bryan Excuse I ... everyone stop . bryan ( awkward ) my daughter want to be a singer ... I be wonder ... if you have any tip ... diva ( short ) I do . tell she to pick another career . the diva sweep out , bryan be leave in the room , feel a bit chagrine for ask . int . backstage room - night with the mute sound of the concert beyond the door , bryan , Sam , casey and bernie play card . bernie so we be up on this ridge , right ? twelve thousand foot in the middle of bum fuck nowhere kyrgyzstan . ( more ) 15 . bernie ( cont 'd ) look down on this shit hole mud and straw compound the target 1s hole up in . freeze we ass off because it 's like 15 degree . wind blow like a motherfucker . the damn camel be farting away like the tubas in the Rose bowl parade . we be eat fry sheep ass for three day . we be wait on the air strike , and we be wait and we be wait . and my cell phone ring . and it 's the guy we be look to terminate . he 's call to ask if we want some tea send up to keep warm because he just hear the air strike be call off due to inclement weather . I mean , come on ... a cell phone ring . bryan' . bryan hello ? ( brighten ) oh hi honey . ( to the guy ) Kim ... he fold he card , stop the game . casey hey ! come on ! I get a hot hand here ! bryan could not care less . he shrug a " I be sorry " , exit the room . int . backstage - night the music be blaring in the bg as bryan step out of the room . bryan the noise ? at a concert . you recognize the song ? right . that 's she . no , I be not attend . just help out some friend with the security . of course I meet she . who do you think 's guard she ? no , she 's not a bitch . yes . she 's very nice . I be glad you be impressed . hey , I be happy you call . lunch ? tomorrow ? bryan 's heart leap at the possibility . 16 . bryan sure . I know the place . see you then . Love you too . bryan hang up , buoy by the call . int . backstage room - night bryan step back in , a smile on he face . SAM and ...? bryan she want to have lunch . ( beat ) just the two of we . guy alright ! there 's progress ! a date with you daughter ! will wonder never cease ? bryan smile sheepish , take the kid , but be so pleased . later the show be over , entourage be stream back stage . the diva be take one last curtain call . the car be line up , ready to go . Sam and he team be at the ready , when all of the sudden , from the side of the arena , a door burst open and a wave of frenzied fan come run . SAM who leave that door open ? just then the diva appear . the mob see she . mob there she be !! as they surge , the diva seem to freeze , panic . SAM ok . let 's get she out of here . bry . take the lead . more people come surging from the stage now . bryan this way ! Sam , bernie and casey cover the rear as bryan lead the diva towards the wait car . suddenly the situation deteriorate . more fan press in past the barrier . 17 . fan she 's there ! bryan , keep she in front of he , keep he eye over he shoulder do not see a lone man in a long coat , suddenly lung out of the shadow . as he turn , he reaction kick in . he leap in front of the terrify diva just as the knife be about to plunge into she . in the blink of a eye , he grab the knife hand , twist it back in one swift movement , turn the coat sleeve inside out on the knife , deliver one swift blow that put the assailant on the floor . bryan casey ! casey pin the guy down . casey go! bryan spin the diva around , push she into the car , jump in behind she ... bryan go! slam the door . the car zoom out . int . suv - night the car blast out of the arena . the diva , alone with bryan in the back of the car , be shaking like a leaf . bryan here , drink this . hand she a coke . bryan the sugar will ward off the shock . she drink , gulp . stop to take a breath . and then break down , start sobbing . she drop onto bryan 's chest , sob and sob . bryan let he arm wrap around she , awkward , but gentle . bryan it 's ok . you be safe ... do he best to comfort what be now a hysterical , scared little girl . 18 . ext . diva' suite - hallway - night Sam be hand each man he cash . hand the wave the just then head out , SAM casey ... bernie ... cash to bryan . SAM rambo ... bryan hey ...c' mon ... bernie seriously , bry . you should think about come with we . you still get the edge . lot more of this to be have . cash . SAM next year she go to college , right ? bryan right . SAM you know you lose she . bryan that give I a year to find she . the diva 's door open , a somber Victor stick he nod to bryan . victor she would like to see you . int . diva' suite - night bryan enter to a very subdued diva . diva you say you daughter want to be a singer ? bryan since she 's five . diva you know it 's not what everyone think it be . 19 . bryan I be sure it 's not . diva after the glam wear off it 's just lot of airport , lot of hotel . everyone kissing you ass , tell you what you want to hear ... worry that the next record hit . because if it do not , there 's the next you just wait in the wing . bryan tt 's what she want . the diva give he a card . diva the first number be gio , my voice coach . he have the best ear in the business . if he say she can sing , she can sing . he will give she the voice coach she need . his fee be on I . the second number be my manager . if gio clear she , he will make sure she get the shot . ( beat ) I be sorry for the way I behave before . I be not bring up that way . bryan nod , acknowledge she apology . hold up the card . bryan thank you . diva no. Mr. Mills , thank you . she kiss he on the cheek , disappear into she bedroom . bryan stand there , alone in the huge suite , can not help but fee ] thing seem to be go he way . he look at the card . close up on the card , int . coffee shop - day bryan sit , turn the card over in he hand , feel very pleased , excited at what he have to offer . he look up to ... kim hi! but he smile die as he also see ... 20 . lenore hello bryan . bryan hi. his excitement subdue , he palm the card . lenore do not look so excited . bryan I be just surprised . I think it be just go to be ... y' know ... he point to the two of they . kim I ask Mom to come . as they take they seat , Kim just bubbles with excitement . kim guess what ? you know my £riend amanda ? her cousin invite we to stay with they over vacation . ( beat ) in Paris . how cool be that ? bryan be less than thrilled to hear this . bryan ' why do you want to go to Paris ? kim dad ! hello ? the Louvre , the impressionist museum . the Picasso Museum ? bryan I do not know you be so into art . kim be you kid ? I have be to the moma , like , a hundred time . amanda go last summer and she come home she could practically speak french ! now bryan get the reason for the lunch . he deflate a bit . bryan ( tightening ) and because you be under eighteen you need my permission to leave the country . 21 . kim please daddy . I really want to do it ! they have this , like , sick apartment overlook the river . bryan just you and amanda . kim and she cousin ! lenore do not make a big deal out of this bryan . just sign the paper . she put the paper out for he , with a pen . he do not move . lenore what ? bryan I be not comfortable with it . kim daddy ! bryan I know the world sweetie .. kim it 's not Iraq ! bryan it 's seven thousand mile . it 's another country . kim daddy please ! bryan T be sorry sweetie . I do not think a seventeen year old should be travel alone . kim I will not be alone ! bryan two seventeen year old . kim amanda 's eighteen ! bryan consider for a moment . a 2 . bryan well , how about this ? how about I go along ? Kim roll she eye . bryan you will not even know I be there . I be very good at invisible . lenore as you have so amply demonstrate for most of she life . the bite in she word make he tighten even more . lenore just sign the god damn paper bryan . bryan look from lenore , to Kim , to the paper , and back to Kim again . bryan let I think about it . lenore that 's a no. ( to Kim ) I know this be a waste of time . ( to bryan ) I tell she . Kim bolt up . bryan Kim ... there 's something else ... he bring up the card . kim I do not want anything else ! Kim run off . lenore you know , I do not get you . you sacrifice we marriage in the service of the country . you make a mess of you life in the service of you country . can not you sacrifice a little this one time for you own daughter ? bryan I would sacrifice anything for she . lenore then what be you problem . 23. bryan T be not comfortable put my daughter at risk . lenore : put you daughter at risk ? by go to Paris ? you be pathetic . she follow Kim out . bryan be leave look at the paper , and the diva 's card in he hand . close up a hand knock on a door . ext . jame mansion - day the door be open by a puffy eye Kim . she look at bryan , suspicious , see the paper in he hand . bryan Three condition ... Kim 's suspicion begin to melt . bryan I want the address and phone number where you be stay . her smile begin to build . kim ork . bryan if you move , I want to know where and with whom you will be stay . kim ok . the smile grow . bryan you call I when you land . you call I every night before you go to sleep . he hand she a phone . bryan it 's international . my number be program in . kim ok . 24 . the smile be ear to ear . bryan and I want you to let I take you to the airport . kim ok . ok . bryan hand she the paper . she leap on he neck . kiss he . hugging he . kim thank you ! thank you ! I be gonna go call amanda ! she run off . a second later she be back . hug bryan again . kim I love you daddy !!! off she go , pass lenore , who have just come to the door . kim he sign it ! wave the paper in front of lenore , bolt off ; leave bryan and lenore look at each other . lenore would not it have be easier just to sign the first time around ? bryan would not it have be easier if you and I talk about it first ? she have no answer to that , close the door . int . bryan be car - day bryan and Kim on the way to the airport . Kim be wear a jean jacket with a heart of red sequin embroider on the Front . bryan there be certain area in Paris that you should avoid . I have write they down ... he hand she a piece of paper . kim daddy , we be go to be spend , like , ninety percent of we time in museum . you do not have to worry . 25 . bryan that 's like tell water not to be wet . kim Mom say you job make you paranoid . bryan my job make I aware . kim I always use to ask mom what you job be that you be away all the time . she would tell I to ask you . but when ever I see you I be afraid to ask . bryan why ? kim I do not know , maybe because I be afraid to find out . that it be something I would not like . bryan I work for the government . kim you be , like , a spy , right ? bryan I be a preventer . kim what do you prevent ? bryan bad thing from happen . kim so that be a good job . bryan yes it be . kim do you miss it ? bryan I miss you more . Kim lean over . kiss he on the cheek , as the car enter lax . 26 . ext . lax - day bryan be lift she suitcase out of the trunk , when Kim see ... kim there 's amanda ! a pretty blonde girl wave to she from inside the terminal . bryan go ahead . I will bring you bag . Kim go run into the terminal . bryan watch she go , see the word dollface in sequine script across the back of she jacket . it make he smile . he go to grab the smaller hand luggage out of the trunk , see a map in the side pocket . know better , but not be able to resist , he take the map out . bryan 's Pov a map of Europe , with different city circle in several country , with date next to each one . he do not like what he see . he put the map back , be about to lift the luggage , when a chauffeure roll royce pull right in front of he . he give a small grimace . and sure enough , the chauffeur open the door and lenore exit . stuart Charles ... call to the chauffeur . lenore give Mr. Mills a hand . bryan I can manage . bryan pick up both bag , slam the trunk with he elbow . lenore head for the door . bryan lenore . can I talk to you a minute ? she stop . bryan do you know about this ? he take out the map . 27 . bryan she 's not just go to Paris . lenore I know . bryan this be bullshit . lenore no bryan , what 's bullshit be she can not be honest with you because of you bullshit . | bryan my bullshit ? lenore the rule and condition ... bryan what be it ? refer to the map . lenore it 's U2 's european tour date . bryan she 's follow a band around Europe ? lenore all the kid do . Stuart get she the ticket , we have arrange for she to stay in good hotel . bryan ( piss ) good hotel ? you know , you live in you little bubble here , behind you wall , with you chauffeur and maid and stylist ... he catch himself as he contempt build . bryan you have no idea what the world be like lenore . lenore and neither will she unless she go out and experience it . and do not you tell I I do not know what the world be like . for five year I would wait for a phone call that do not come for week at a time . ( more ) 28 . lenore ( cont 'd ) for a knock on the door tell I there would be no call anymore . I become a expert on foreign affair . I read the paper every day bryan . Beirut , Teheran , bogota . Damascus . look for a hint , a glimmer of light behind that curtain you pull over what you do . bryan I do it to protect you . lenore from what ? worry ? you think not know make I worry less ? you think be shut out of you life protect I ? she catch herself , check she anger , take a breath . lenore I know we have we issue . but I be go to give you a piece of advice . you move here to try and build some sort of relationship with you daughter . you be not go to do that by smother she . let she live or I promise you , you will lose she . ( beat ) and for god 's sake , do not ruin this for she . lenore turn and enter the terminal , leave bryan to deal with the bag and the information he cannot act on , leave he frustrated , impotent . int . airport security - day bryan , and lenore be wave goodbye as they daughter and amanda pick up they knap sack on the other side of the x ray machine . the girl wave goodbye , with they barely containable excitement sparkling in they eye . bryan stand off to the side , a force smile on he face . wave to Kim , hold he hand up to he ear like a phone . Kim smile , nod , wave , mouth a " jt love you " . bryan snap a picture of Kim and amanda mugging with he disposable camera . and then they run off down the concourse . free . the last thing bryan see as Kim disappear in the crowd , be the back of she jacket and the word in glisten sequin : dollface . 29 . bryan I love you too . Said to she . Heard by no one . ext . lax runway - day the Air France flight lift off . ext . paris airport - day bustle with arrival off flight from all over the world . amanda and Kim come rush out of custom , laugh , delighted to be free and in Paris . they burst through the door to ... ext . taxi stand - paris airport - day Kim and amanda wait on line for a cab . use she cell phone , Kim be snap a picture of amanda point to a sign overhead that say taxis . peter need some help ? the girl turn to cute , shaggy haire , peter , 22 , knap sack sling over he shoulder , with the most charming Euro accented voice . he point to the cell phone . peter one with the two of you ? amanda sure . Kim hand he the phone . kim top button . she and amanda mug under the sign . Peter click one . peter one more . he click one more . hand the phone back to Kim . peter where be you from ? amanda California . 30 . peter ( sing ) I wish they all could be California girl ... the girl giggle , instantly flirty and smitten . peter T be Peter . amanda I be amanda . this be kim. kim ( a bit shy ) hi. peter go into Paris ? amanda yes . peter the taxi be so damn expensive here . want to share ? girl or . they load they luggage in the trunk . int . sav - on on drug store - night bryan be look at picture the clerk just hand he of Kim at the airport , while he listen to he cell phone . a voice prompt come on . voice to check arrival please press one . bryan press one . voice please enter the flight number . bryan do . voice Flight 288 arrive in Paris Charles De gaulle at 8 am local time . bryan hang up , begin to worry . 31 . ext . twenty rue do LA pompe - paris - day Peter help amanda and Kim carry they luggage to the front door of the very fashionable apartment building . peter Nice address . amanda it 's my cousin' . they be on vacation in Madrid . we have the place all to ourselves . how cool be that ? kim ( nervous ) I do not know that . amanda no biggie . amanda take out a piece of paper , begin to punch the code on the keypad outside . peter you be live a dream . Nice life . amanda it be , be not it ? the door buzze open . peter well , I have to be go . Nice to meet you . kim you too . Peter go to walk away . then turn . peter hey ... the girl be almost inside . peter there 's a party tonight at school . want to come ? amanda sure . kim ( whisper , nervous ) amanda . we do not even know he ! 32 . amanda what 's to know ? he 's hot . peter [ I will come pick you up around nine ? amanda or . peter what apartment ? amanda it 's the whole fifth floor . peter and the code ? amanda read off the paper . amanda 26432a . peter 26432a . see you tonight . girl bye ! the door close . as soon as it do , Peter take out a cell phone , dial . peter twenty rue de la pompe . fifth floor . 26432a , int . paris apartment - day Kim and amanda enter a amazing full floor apartment , a mix of contemporary art and antique furnishings spread out in room after room , amanda be this sick or what ? kim I wish you would have tell I they be not go to be here . amanda what 's the difference ? kim I tell my father they be here . 33 . amanda you tell he you be go to museum too . suddenly lie be not feel so good to Kim . amanda oh come on ! he 's not go to know ! ( beat ) I be go to sleep with he . kim who ? amanda peter. kim you just meet he ! amanda I hear french guy be amazing in bed . maybe he have a friend ... kim no thank you . amanda you have get to lose it sometime . might as well be in Paris ! how cool would that be ? lose it in Paris . to a artist ! from the look on Kim 's face , not cool at all . amanda pop open a antique chest to a fully equip sound system . pop a disc into the CD player , crank the sound way up . Music start blast , she start dance , gyrate sexily . amanda Party ! Kim smile weakly , clearly nervous . int . bryan' apartment - night bryan be pace , nervous . the clock read two am . he can not take another minute . he pick up the phone , dial . int . paris apartment - day the music be blast , amanda be dance all around the apartment , sing at the top of she lung . Kim shout . kim where 's the bathroom ? 34 . amanda ( shouting ) what ? kim I have to pee ! amanda point down the hall . int . bryan' apartment - night bryan let the phone ring and ring . int . paris apartment - day close up on Kim 's hand bag , sit along with she luggage in the hall . her cell ring and ring , can not be hear over the blast music . int . lenore's bedroom - night the phone ring next to the bed . lenore answer from a dead sleep . lenore hello ? int . bryan' apartment - night bryan it 's bryan . do Kim call you ? int . lenore's bedroom - night lenore bryan , she 's seventeen , she 's in Paris . give she some space . she will call . take a xanax , have a drink . good night . she hang up . int . bryan' apartment - night bryan stare at he phone . bryan will you call , god damn it . int . bathroom - day Kim finish pee , flush . exit . 35 . int . apartment hallway - day Kim exit , hear she phone ringing . she know who it be . answer with a knot in she stomach . kim hi daddy . intercut int , bryan' apartment - night as much as he would like to , bryan can not contain he anxiety . bryan you be suppose to call I when you land . kim sorry . bryan take a deep breath , pull back . bryan ok . I think maybe something be wrong with the phone . kim it be such a rush at the airport ... bryan that 's alright . if I would have have the number where you be stay , I could have just call there . you have the number ? kim I ...1 I do not have it . bryan well , let I talk to the cousin , T will get it from they . kim daddy ... it all come tumble out . kim : they go to Spain . I do not know , I swear ... bryan take a deep breath , try to be reasonable , hat not be in control . hating the sound of a situation that , to he , be go downhill fast . 36 . bryan be there anything else you want to tell I Kim ? int . paris apartment - bedroom - day Kim stand with the phone to she ear , fear etched on she face , in she eye , as she stare through a window , across a courtyard , into the other side of the apartment ... int . bryan' apartment - night bryan get no response . bryan Kim ? int . paris apartment - day when Kim do respond , it be in a choke , terrify whisper . kim there 's someone here ! as she stare across the courtyard at three man crossing the hallway head for a oblivious amanda dance up a storm in the salon . intercut bryan her cousin ? kim ( shocked ) no ! oh my god ! as she see amanda be grab by the man . kim they get amanda ! ( terrify ) daddy !!! bryan 's worst nightmare quickly come true . bryan alright . listen to I . his voice be very calm . he move to a closet . kim T be sorry I lie to you daddy ! bryan we ' ] l ] 1 deal with that later . 37 . bryan extract a black case from the closet . : kim daddy ! I be scared ! bryan I know you be sweetheart . I be go to help you . but first I need you to help I . you have to stay focus . do you meet anyone on the plane ? kim no . bryan open the case . it contain all manner of thing : a gun , several electronic device , cash , multiple passport . bryan in the airport ? kim no . begins to lose it , begin to cry , stifles the tear . recompose . kim yes . Peter . bryan Peter who ? kim I do not know . bryan american ? kim no . bryan do he know where you be stay ? kim yes . he take a cab with we . bryan grimace , know a set up when he hear it . he extract a electronic device from the case , attaches it to the phone . switch it on . it amplify Kim 's voice , and all the sound around she . Kim watch the window , as the man drag amanda away . kim daddy ! they take she ! they take she ! 38 . she start to lose it , start to cry . bryan 's apartment be now fill with the sound from the apartment in Paris . bryan Kim . you have to hold it together . how many people be there ? be precise . Kim do she best to pull herself together . kim Three . four . I do not know . bryan where be you ? kim bedroom . she begin to sob . the music be blast . Kim see three man cross one of the window in the connect hall , head towards she . open door along the way , search . kim they be come ! bryan ( calm ) climb under the bed . tell I when you be there . bryan do he best to contain he rise anxiety , to stay calm . Kim be now under the bed . kim T be here , bryan now , the next part be very important . they be go to take you .. kim oh god ... Kim stifles a terrify cry . bryan Kim . stay focus baby . this be key . you will have five , maybe ten second . very important second . leave the phone on the floor . you must concentrate . shout out everything you see about they . Hair color , eye color , tall , short , scar . anything you see . you understand ? 39 . just then footstep enter the room . bryan they be there . I can hear they . remember . concentrate . bryan wait . Kim wait . footstep circle the room . bryan can hear they , the wait be excruciate . bryan put the phone closer so I can hear . Kim see the shoe , see they circle the bed . she hold she breath . hear voice in a language completely unfamiliar . bryan listen , not move a muscle . Kim watch the foot move towards the door . bryan hear the footstep recede . Kim see the foot leave the room . she breathes out in complete silence . kim ( whisper ) they be leave ... bryan listen closely . Kim begin to relax . kim ( whisper ) I think they be ... and then a set of hand grab she leg , violently . she scream . kim daddyyyyyyy !! ir ! int . bryan' apartment - night Kim 's scream reverberate through the room , shaking the wall , shock bryan . and even though it reach into he very core , he do not move . he call on all he experience to stay focus on the task . he listen to he daughter struggle . and shout out ... kim v.o. mustache . six foot . ( more ) 40 . kim v.o. ( cont 'd ) tattoo on right hand . Moon and star ... dadddyyyy !!!! dadddyyy !!!!! the sound of glass shatter . and then she voice be silence . bryan still do not move , sit very still , listen ... close on a hand take Kim 's phone from under the bed . on bryan he hear the sound of breathe come over the speaker , fill the room . after a moment ... bryan I do not know who you be . I do not know what you want . if you be look for a ransom , I can tell you , I do not have money . but what I do have be a very particular set of skill acquire over a very long career in the shadow , skill that make I a nightmare for people like you . if you let my daughter go now , that will be the end of it . I will not look for you , I will not pursue you . but if you do not , I will look for you , I will find you . and I will kill you . there be a long silence . just breathe come over the line . voice ( accented ) good luck . on bryan hear the two word fill the room . voice good luck . and then the shrill sound of a phone be smashed . the line go dead . int . bryan be car - night bryan drive at breakneck speed , phone to he ear . bryan Sam , it 's I . ( more ) 41 . bryan ( cont 'd ) I be go to download something . I need it analyze . now . bryan plug the recording device into he phone . Hit a button . ext./ int . jame mansion - night the door open to lenore and Stuart , both rouse from sleep . both very unnerve . bryan she 's be take . bryan move right past they . man on a mission . head up the stair . lenore oh my god ! bryan keep go . lenore and Stuart follow . bryan any enemy overseas Stuart ? stuart why would I have ... bryan because you do business overseas through three shell corporation register to dead drop address in Liechtenstein , Monaco and the Jersey Islands . because you be involved in a oil deal with a bunch of Russians that go south five year ago . stuart how the hell do you know ... bryan because I be not go to let my daughter live with someone without know everything about they . stuart I be not without my source too : ok ? do not think you be the only one with access to ... bryan cut he short , with the coldest voice he have ever hear . a voice that shake he . 42. bryan now 's not the time for dick measure Stuart . I be go to ask you again . do you have anyone who would be look to hurt you ? stuart ( shake ) not that I know of . bryan come to the top of the stair , and half a dozen close door . bryan which one ? lenore I want to know what happen ! bryan I get a call from she , she say there be someone in the apartment . then she be take . lenore oh my god ! bryan what be you go to ...? bryan every minute I stop to answer you question be a minute I lose in get she back . which one lenore ? lenore that one . she point to a door . bryan go through to ... int . kim' bedroom - night the room of a rich girl , fill with all the accouterment . bryan begin a thorough search . bryan find a picture of himself and five year old Kim bury in a drawer . pause for a moment . stuart what can I do ? bryan you have a lease agreement with netjet through you bahamian umbrella company . Stuart wonder : be there anything bryan do not know ? 43 . stuart I do . bryan get I a plane for Paris . stuart for when ? bryan a hour ago . exchange a look with lenore . stuart T will make the call . Stuart exit . bryan continue search , find a condom in a drawer . hold it up . lenore I give it to she . ( beat ) just in case . ( beat ) she 's still a virgin . be you go to be able to save she ? bryan first I have to find she . bryan 's phone ring . bryan get it ? he look across the room to Kim 's computer on she desk . bryan yes . I have access . plug the cell phone into the computer with a wire from he pocket . the computer boot up fast . Sam come on screen . bryan go. SAM they be speak albanian . the accent come from a district call skopje . the man speak , he name be marko . the tattoo be a group id . Sam pause . 44 . SAM be you by yourself ? bryan lenore 's here . SAM hi lennie . lenore hello Sam . again a pause . bryan she need to hear it Sam . SAM the specialty of the gang come out of there be trafficking in woman . lenore gasp . bryan keep go . SAM they previous m.o. be to offer woman from the emerge East european country like Yugoslavia , Romania , Bulgaria job in the West . Maids , nanny . once they smuggle they in , they would addict they to drug and turn they into prostitute . lately , they have find it be more economical to just kidnap young woman travel . save on transportation cost . lenore let out a strangle scream ... lenore oh god ! bryan what else ? SAM base on what they know about the way this group operate , the analyst Said you probably have a ninety six hour window from the time she 's grab ... bryan to what ? 45 . SAM to never find she . Hit bryan like a thunderbolt . int . private jet - night bryan be the only passenger , he sit with the recording device , listen to the record conversation with kim. hear ... kim mustache...tattoo ...moon and star ... hear she scream . fast forward . hear himself ... bryan I do not know who you be . I do not know what you want ... fast forward to ... voice good luck , Plays this over several time , listen very carefully to the voice , etching it in he memory . voice good luck ... good luck ... good luck ... ext . paris airport ~- morning the private jet land . ext . twenty rue do LA pompe - morning close on a hand ring the bell . the door open . concierge ( curt ) yes ? bryan ( french ) the morel please . concierge the morel be away . officious and cold , as only a french concierge can be . bryan yes , I know . in Spain . ( more ) 46 . bryan ( cont 'd ) they cousin and my daughter be stay in the apartment while they be away . you have see they , yes ? two american girl ? he hold up the picture he take at lax of Kim and amanda mugging for the camera . conclerge no . I do not . Excuse I . he close the door . bryan ring again . again the concierge , open . concterge if you continue I will be oblige to call the police . before the word be out of he mouth , bryan knock he out with a well place knuckle blow to he neck . he catch the fall body , step through the open door . int . twenty rue do LA pompe - paris ~ day bryan prop the unconscious concierge in he booth , head into the building itself . int . hallway - day bryan be at the door to the morel apartment . he try to pick the lock , cannot . look around , see a small window in the hall . int . AIR shaft - day bryan squeeze he body out the window into the air shaft , scale he way across the narrow shaft , use every available foot hold and hand hold . several time he hand slip , he foot lose they traction , but bit by bit , he make he way across the shaft until he come to a set of small window . bryan punch out one of the pane , open the window , squeeze inside . int . paris apartment - day bryan land in the bathroom . look around , exit . bryan move from room to room . in the room where amanda be seize , he see a overturn chair , a up end corner of a rug . he kneel down , examine the room from that angle . 47 ] . flash of amanda be grab by man whose face be obscure . of the chair be overturn as she struggle to break free . end flash bryan move through the apartment , take everything in . he see the girl 's luggage , untouched . look through both suitcase . move on . until he come to ... int . bedroom - morning bryan look out the window across the open courtyard . he switch on he tape recorder . begins to hear what he be see . flash see what Kim see . Three man grab a struggle amanda . close on bryan , with the recorder play . bryan go under the bed . look under the bed , then slip under the bed , put himself in Kim 's place , look out . the recorder keep play . flash see what Kim see , hear what she hear . foot enter the room . flash tt be now bryan look out . then ... flash it be Kim see the foot , see the man reach under the bed , grab she leg . Kim scream . bryan , shocked , be out from under the bed now , see a shatter on a mirror . flash see Kim lift off she foot by a unseen man , and in she struggle , have she head smashed into the mirror . the sound be sickeningly loud . bryan wince . 48. he approach the mirror , examine the spot of impact . you can feel he pain as he carefully remove a hair and some dry blood , put the sample in a bag . his jaw tighten , he eye turn murderous . and then he notice something toss in the corner : Kim 's smashed cell phone . bryan remove the chip from the back of the smashed phone , examine it . close up the chip be insert into a machine . pull back to int . electronics shop - day bryan be look at the screen of the machine . he see : picture of amanda and Kim vamp and mugging in the LA airport , on the plane , in the Paris Airport . each picture be of one or the other . except the last one , where they be both mugging for the camera on the taxi line . bryan start to manipulate the frame of the picture until he catch a glimpse of a reflection in a security mirror of the person take the picture . bryan keep manipulate the frame , discover more and more of the reflection , until a face appear , fuzzy , out of focus . bryan keep push button , until the entire reflection of the person take the picture come clear : Peter . close on Peter , leaf through a magazine . a voice announce . voice Flight seven twenty arrive from Barcelona . pull back to int . paris airport - day Peter stand by the magazine kiosk , just outside custom . he look over to a big black guy stand near the custom exit . the Black guy nod to a cute blond girl in she late teens exite from custom with a back pack and a swiss flag on it , head for the exit . 49 . ext . taxi stand - paris airport - day the blond girl be wait on the taxi line when ... peter hi. I be Peter . girl ingrid . peter on holiday ? gird yes . peter I too . as a cab pull up . peter the cab here be so damn expensive . want to share ? girl sure . Peter hold the door of a taxi open for the girl , smile , flirt . the girl be about to get in , when ... bryan Excuse I . bryan hustle Peter past the astonished girl , push he into the cab , follow , slamm the door behind he . int . taxi - day peter ( struggle ) hey ! what be you ...? bryan bury a sharp knuckle into he rib , knock the breath out of Peter , double he over . bryan lift he head . bryan the two girl from yesterday . peter I do not ... driver what be you do ? 50 . bryan drive . Peter try to escape . bryan drive he knuckle into Peter 's rib again . the taxi Driver flee the cab . bryan the next rib I drive into you lung . the Driver run out of the car . peter the two girl . where be they ? suddenly , the door behind bryan be yank open and two large black hand drag he out by he leg . ext . taxi stand - paris airport - day bryan hit the pavement hard . before he can get up , the big Black guy pound on he . smash he over and over . passenger run , scream . the guy grab bryan , yank he up like a sack of potato . except this sack of potato be a lethal weapon . before the guy know what have happen , bryan have grab he wrist , rip they down , bashed he forehead into the guy 's nose , double punch he in he expose throat . the guy fall , face gush blood , hand grasp he throat , unable to breathe . bryan turn back to the cab , only to find the other passenger door open and Peter go . bryan see Peter run up the road , hold he damage rib . voice arretez ! arretez ! bryan turn to see three police officer run towards he , with the taxi driver trail they . bryan leap into the taxi , jam it into gear , rip a u turn and rocket off after Peter . ext . roadway - day Peter run , desperate to escape , he rib on fire with every breath . he look over he shoulder , see the taxi gain on he . he cut off onto a one way ramp with traffic stream down towards bryan . int . taxi - day through the windshield , bryan see Peter run up a ramp that have nothing but car come at he . 51 . unable to negotiate the narrow ramp pack with oncoming traffic , bryan leap out of the cab , block the road , snarling traffic to a stand still . ext . roadway - day bryan take off at a dead run up the ramp , run against the traffic , zig zag through the cacophony of blaring horn and irate driver . angle on Peter . at the very top of the overpass . his breath come in jag burst , the pain in he side increase with each step . he look back , see bryan gain on he . almost on he . he be run out of room , out of breath . he look down to a roadway below , where the traffic be very sparse . he look back at bryan , close fast . look down at the roadway . make a choice . jump . land . bryan reach the top of the overpass , look down . Peter look up at he , victorious , safe . and then get slammed by a truck that come out of nowhere at forty mile a hour . ext . directoire securite build - day jean -claude , the picture of a middle age french bureaucrat , exit the building and cross the street to a news stand . he busy a paper , continue walk . he pass a cafe . a man be read a newspaper . a moment later , the newspaper come down . it be bryan . he rise , atart walk after Jean -claude . ext . busy STREET - day Jean - Claude have stop to look in a window . he walk on . a moment later , bryan 's reflection walk past the window . | ext . champ elysees - day Jean - Claude wait for the light to change . bryan come up alongside he , neither man acknowledge the other . the light change , they walk to the middle of the street , where the second light be red . both wait . jean - claude just like the old day , eh ? Jean - Claude look straight ahead , seem to talk to no one in particular . bryan do not look at he . 52 . bryan would you have it any other way ? jean-claude between you and I ? no . but now that I sit behind a desk , the world look different . bryan you mean look boring . jean - claude I mean different . ( beat ) ok . a little boring . but be be retire any more interesting ? bryan it be not . ( beat ) until my daughter disappear in Paris yesterday . Jean - Claude be catch unawares . bryan she and a friend be mark by a spotter at the airport . albanian take she . jean - claude how do you know this ? bryan I be retire . not dead . jean - claude I assume you do not want to go to the police . bryan I be tell I have ninety six hour . that be sixteen hour ago . by the time I fill out the miss person report ... get interview by some clerk ... jean - claude first , we should find the spotter . bryan I find he . Jean -claude register surprise . bryan he 's dead . 93 . jean - claude you find he that way ? bryan say nothing . jean - claude bryan , you can not just run around tear down Paris ... bryan turn , and face jean-claude . bryan Jean - Claude , I will tear the fuck biffel tower down if I have to . jean - claude do not forget who you be talk to . bryan I think I be talk to a friend . J ean ~ claude you be . but please remember you friend have a desk now . Jean - Claude hand bryan a card . bryan ( read ) deputy director . Internal Security . very impressive desk . ( beat ) the albanian . jean - claude they show up from the East six , seven year ago . Fifteen , twenty of they . now there be hundred . we do not even know how many . and dangerous . they make the Russians look like a bunch of schoolgirls . bryan where can I find they ? jean - claude the best place to start be Porte De clichy . bryan head of €£ . jean - claude bryan . he turn . 54 . J ran-claude try not to make a mess . bryan say nothing , walk off . Jean - Claude wait until he have turn a corner , take out he phone . Hit one speed dial key . jrhan - claude Mills , bryan , american , fifty , hair brown , eye blue . know the game . destination . Porte De clichy . report come to I directly . ext . employment agency - day through the second story window : bryan talk to a man behind a desk , who take note . ext . car rental agency - evening bryan drive out of the lot into the parisian night . int . jean -claude's home - children' bedroom - night Jean -claude sit on the edge of a bed read a story to he two young child . jean ~ claude ... and then the minimoy see that Arthur mean they no harm ... the door open , isabelle , he wife appear , hold the phone . lsabelle you assistant . Jean - Claude take the phone . assistant v.o . he visit a employment agency . he rent a car . we have someone on it . jean - claude keep I inform . assistant yes sir . Jean - Claude hang up the phone , resume read . jean - claude where be we ? the minimoys like Arthur ... 25 . ext . STREET - porte do clichy - night Cars with man behind the wheel cruise the dimly light street as hooker ply they trade . the whole area have a edgy , dangerous feel to it . a man , gregor , in he mid forty , struggle to maintain whatever shard of dignity he have salvage from a life interrupt , in a proper , if wear suit , carry a briefcase , stand on a street corner , look very ill at ease in the ominous surroundings . a car approach , the window roll down . : bryan gregor milocivic ? | gregor ( relieved ) yes . yes . I be gregor . bryan I be Mr. Smith . get in . bryan open the door , gregor enter the car , grateful to be off the street . int . car - night gregor hand bryan a sheet of paper . gregor here be my resume . the employment agency say we would be do translation . bryan yes. albanian to English . you do speak albanian ? gregor albanian , serbian , croatian . macedonian , although it be very close to albanian . I be a teacher of language in pristina before the war begin , so naturally ... bryan what 's you rate ? gregor my rate ? usually it be twenty five a hour for the first three hour and then ... bryan hand he a handful of bill . 56 . bryan here 's for ten hour . wait here . bryan go to exit . gregor uh , Mr. Smith . I do not understand . what be the job ? bryan right now the job be wait here . bryan exit the car , lock the door . gregor watch he walk toward the gather of hooker down the street . ext . STREET - porte do clichy - night bryan approach one of the hooker . bryan bon soir . hooker bon soir . you want a date ? bryan I love you dress . what be that ? silk ? hooker I do not know . you want to know the price ? bryan just the way it fall . it must be silk . you know the way it compliment the natural curve of you body ... a car pass by , slow , look at the hooker , then move on to another girl . hooker you want to fuck ? it 's forty euros . suck be thirty . Hand job be twenty . bryan twenty ? for a hand job ? must be a hell of a hand do the job for twenty euros . ha , ha , get it ? Hand , job ... hooker listen , if you be not buy , piss off . 57 . bryan I do not say I be not buy . MI just like to get comfortable before I purchase , like this karaoke machine I just buy . I read the manual erom front to back ... hooker I do not give a shit about you karaoke machine . you be gonna get I in trouble , you do not buy . bryan trouble ? really ? with who ? hooker fuck off . she start to walk away , bryan follow . bryan ok . let 's say I want two of the three , do I get a discount ? another car pass , the girl try to wave the driver down , but bryan stand in front of she . bryan or how about all three ? sort of a package deal . the car drive on . hooker you cost I two now ! bryan my name 's bryan ... but she be not listen to he , because over he shoulder she see a car approach . hooker ( scared ) oh god ! you better leave ! bryan I think we be negotiate ! the hooker step back as a flashy suv roll up . a big , brutish thug , anton the albanian , step out of the passenger side , approach bryan . hooker Anton ! I swear it 's not my fault ! I tell he to fuck off ... 58 . Anton put a finger on she lip . anton shhh ... she quiet immediately . anton ( to bryan ) why be you bother the girl ? bryan what 's it you business ? anton she be my business . he crowd bryan , tower over he . anton and if you be not spend money , you be cost money . bryan I be negotiate . anton there be no negotiate . the price be the price . and now you also owe I for two that get away . angle on gregor in the car . watch the little drama , not understanding what be go on . bryan I do not owe you ... Anton grab bryan by the front of he jacket , slam he against the wall . bryan grab onto the lapel of Anton 's jacket . close up bryan 's hand . attach a small , almost imperceptible , bug on the inside of the lapel . anton fifty euros or I kick you ass . bryan ok , ..ok ... bryan reach into he pocket , extract some bill . 59 . bryan here 's fifty . Anton grab the bill , take a additional few . anton and another fifty for be a asshole . he shove bryan hard . anton now get the fuck out of here . I see you again , I kill you . bryan stumble away , hurry off . over he shoulder , Anton be make like he be go to slap the hooker , who cringe . int . bryan be car - night bryan be enter the car to a shake gregor . gregor Mr. Smith . I do not know what kind of job I be suppose to do for you but ... bryan you be hire to translate . bryan take a device out of he bag . gregor yes . but translate what ? bryan switch the device on . voice start come out . bryan that . they both look out the windshield as Anton be speak to the man drive the suv . a astonished gregor hesitates for a moment . bryan translate . gregor begin to translate . gregor they be talk about you . bryan what about I ? gregor they be say not nice thing . 60 . bryan be specific . gregor they be say , excuse I , what a asshole you be . ( beat ) please if you can explain why we be do ... bryan just translate . gregor one of they say the sausage give he heartburn ... bryan close he eye , no sleep in twenty four hour be start to catch up with he . bryan keep go . gregor the other be suggest something he grandmother use to give he for the same thing . ( beat ) do you really want to hear all this ? bryan every word . gregor now they be talk football . you be american ? bryan yes . gregor it be different from what we call football here . we play with the foot . bryan I know that . now what be they say ? gregor still about football . they be talk about the game between lazio and marseille . they lose money on the betting . ( more ) 61 . gregor ( cont 'd ) now they be talk about someone they know who make fifty thousand on one game and then lose it . perhaps if I know what the purpose be ... bryan you be better off not know . be it still football ? gregor one be on the phone . he have to go to a job at the freeway . something about the fresh merchandise give problem . bryan 's eye open , suddenly engage . gregor I do not understand any of this . bryan see Anton 's suv pull out down the street . bryan you be not suppose to . thank you . bryan lean over , open gregor 's door . bryan good bye . gregor look at he askance , be about to exit the car . bryan I ask for a English albanian dictionary . do you bring it ? gregor hand he a book . bryan thank you . gregor exit the car . he be barely out , when bryan jam he foot on the accelerator and zoom off . ext . porte do clichy - night gregor watch as bryan speed away . Pov someone else also watch both bryan and gregor . angle on a figure , shroud in shadow , in a car , watch through the windshield . 62 . ext . freeway construction site - night a huge construction project operate twenty four hour a day , seven day a week . with all the attendant mountain of mud and grit and massive earth move equipment . ton of earth be move , ton of cement be produce , mile of steel be weld . Day and night , the work never stop , shift of man come on , other go off . but the work never stop . giant crane stand like creature from another planet , move under the glare of oversize brace of construction light . under which a hundred man labor at the backbreak work of highway construction . surreal be the only way to describe the scene . line the shadow perimeter of the site be row and row of trailer , some office , most dormitory , long mobile caravan , housing the transitory work force of ( mostly ) immigrant laborer . angle on Anton 's suv . wait outside a very long trailer where thirty workmen wait ina line to enter . a huge albanian thug stand guard at the door , a card board box next to he . as a man exit the trailer , buttone up he work suit , he hand a plastic card with a number on it to the albanian , who beckon the next man in the line to step forward . the man hand he money , the albanian hand he the number , and a small towel from the cardboard box . the man step into the trailer . a moment later Anton come out , joke with the huge albanian , take a wad of money from he and walk off towards he car . as he pass the line of worker , one man close to the front of the line , turn away . as Anton enter he car , he turn back . it be bryan . in worker 's clothes . two worker come out of the trailer . albanian next ! . bryan and the man in front of he step up and take a number , and a towel , enter the trailer . int . trailer - night bryan enter the trailer , and what he see be : a long aisle with five cubicle on either side . Long wire with blanket hang from they afford dubious privacy to each cubicle . number be pin to each blanket . 63 . bryan look at he number . find the corresponding blanket , go behind it . what he find be a young girl , lay ona cot with soile sheet , drugge up , dull , wear nothing but a unbuttone blouse . half a dozen discard small towel fill a small cardboard box in the corner . next to the bed , bryan 's eye go to a bucket , with a half dozen use condom in it . the girl look up at bryan , hold a condom up ina lazy , indifferent hand , and mechanically spread she leg . bryan fights back he revulsion , retreat . back out in the corridor , bryan collect himself , use all he will power to keep from throw up , remember why he be there , go to the next blanket , pull it aside , see ... another girl lay on a cot , naked , with dull drugge eye , and a man just unbuttone he pants . man hey ! bryan let the blanket drop . he move on to the next blanket , pull it aside to another daze , naked girl , lay on a soile cot , and another man , just pull he pants on , use the towel to wipe himself off . bryan quickly withdraw . bryan pull the next blanket aside : a man fuck yet another girl , who just lay there , a far away glaze in she eye , while he pound away . out in the corridor again , bryan move on . pull the next blanket , find a man about to mount another of the glaze over girl , whose face he cannot see . be about to withdraw again , when he see , on the floor by the bed , a Jean jacket , with the word dollface , sequine on the back . flash bryan see Kim rush off with amanda down the plane concourse . the light reflect off the sequine word dollface on the back of she jacket . bryan spring forward , grab the man by the back of he shirt , pull he off the girl ... what the ...??? before another word can come out of he mouth , bryan have knock he out with a sharp blow to the jaw . bryan turn immediately to the girl expect to find kin , but instead find a complete stranger . 64 , bryan lift the jean jacket to the girl 's unfocus eye . bryan where do you get this ? the girl look at he , uncomprehend . bryan see a series of fresh needle track on she arm . her response be to hold up a condom , spread she leg . bryan take the soile sheet and cover she . bryan where do you get this ? try to get she to focus . girl ( garble ) I be good ... bryan who give it to you ? the girl lapse into she drugge state . bryan who give this to you ? girl I be good ... suddenly , the blanket be rip aside , and the huge albanian be stand there . before he can say a word , bryan have lash out with a kick that send he staggering back . the albanian fall back , crash into the blanket on the other side of the corridor , grasp onto the wire hold the blanket , pull down the whole row . the man behind the blanket start to yell . the naked girl begin to stir from they daze state . bryan get the girl up , grab she discard clothes . the albanian rise from the floor , draw a gun from he jacket , be about to fire , when bryan take the bed sheet and whip it toward he hand . the gun fly from he hand . Men leap from the cubicle , pull on they clothes , run for the exit . the girl rise and stagger about , lose , stone . the albanian charge bryan . bryan side step and with three lethal move put the man out for good . he then turn back to the girl , lift she from the bed | girl I be good ... 65 . bryan yes you be . now come on . I be go to take you someplace safe . bryan get the jacket around she . she can barely stand . he start to head for the door , shepherd the girl through the crowd of naked , stone woman , wobble around , through the man rush for the exit . when three more albanian come charge through the door . see the chaos , they key on bryan and the girl under he arm . they attack . bryan put the girl aside and meet the first attack , dispatch the man with one chop to the throat , he spin into the second , with a palm hand to the nose . the third have draw he gun , fire , hit a woman in front of bryan . as she chest explode , bryan leap , take the man out with a Flying kick . int . another trailer - night Anton and three other albanian thug be play card , when they hear the gunshot . int . trailer - night bryan run back for the girl , who have now go unconscious . he lift she in he arm , head for the exit . ext . trailer - night worker be run off into the night , half a dozen stone woman be wander about . bryan hustle the girl out , and into the back seat of a suv . he lay she down , strap she in with both set of seat belt , be about to hop in the front seat , when he see a can of gasoline by the side of a shed . bryan tear the sleeve off he construction outfit , stuff it into the top of the can , light the make shift fuse , take a run start and fling the can with all he might . the can sail through the air , rag / fuse leave a flame trail behind . the can hit the trailer , explode . the security man , the gather construction worker , even some of the stone girl , jump as the entire trailer go up in flame . a real attention getter that . bryan be about to get into the suv , when a shot shatter the side window . he look up to four very bang up construction Site suv 's' , lead by Anton 's unblemish one , racing towards he . | 66 . Anton hang out the window , fire he gun at bryan . who jump into the suv , take off . ext . construction site - night the bang up suv 's push past Anton 's , training they headlight on bryan 's vehicle . Anton 's suv veer off , out of sight . bryan race across the muddy rutte terrain , with the suv 's racing after he like a pack of predatory jackal . one of the suv 's shoot past the other , come right up on bryan 's rear , bryan look in he rear view mirror , see the man in the suv pull a gun , bryan turn the wheel sharply , head down a impossibly steep grade , spew gravel and mud . the suv jump off the grade , follow . bryan 's car veer sideways as he struggle to control the wheel . the suv gain on he . bryan see the grade bottome out , spin the wheel so the car be straight . as he hit the bottom , he hit the brake hard . stop abruptly . the suv so close , do not anticipate . smash right into the rear of bryan 's car . the driver fly right through he windshield , shatter both the window and he face . bryan gun the suv , take off again because the other two suv 's have come around the side of the grade and be close fast . bryan look ahead , see up above on a plateau , four massive earth mover push ton of dirt and rock down into a depression . bryan race right towards the landslide about to happen . the suv 's race to catch he . bryan keep watch the movement up above . slow down just enough for the suv 's to come closer , maneuver right under the landslide of earth come down . the dirt start to hit he windshield , make visibility precarious . he slow even more . check the suv 's in the mirror , see the man on they pull they gun , not look up , just intent on they prey . and then , just as the suv 's have bryan in range , a rumbling distract they and they see a landslide of earth come down . bryan gun he suv , rocket just ahead of the massive slide , drive blind in the cascade debris and dirt . the suv 's , catch in the middle of the slide , unprotect by glass and steel , be doom . 67 . the first earth hit they , blind they , and then bury they . bryan drive blind , but manage to come out the other side of the slide . only to see , right in front of he , bear down , Anton in he suv , lean out he window , fire he gun . bryan 's windshield take two hit ; Anton 's suv show no sign of slow . to avoid the head on collision , bryan veer off to the leave . Anton skid hard , follow . bryan race into a series of crane lift large steel beam . Anton follow he . spin he wheel around the giant crane and they swinging load , bryan kick up mud and gravel , splattering Anton 's windshield , make it hard for he to see . bryan see a load of steel beam be lift off the ground , swinging leave to right . he cut hard around they . tip they with he front fender . the beam spin around fast . Anton , barely able to see through the debris and mud splattering on he windshield , do not see the beam end that crash through he windshield , until it be too late . it crush he chest . bryan look back , see the beam jamme through Anton 's windshield , look over at the back seat at the unconscious girl . siren be sounding in the distance . bryan look up and see the flash light of police car approach . he drive off in the opposite direction . angle on a car park in the shadow . the driver watch , put he car in gear , follow bryan . int . all night pharmacy - night bryan roam the aisle , read label for ingredient , buy various medicine , pick up a iv kit . ext . all night pharmacy - night bryan exit , head for the suv , notice a car park down the street , a man behind the wheel . bryan enter he car , drive off . the car follow . int . suv - night bryan look over at the girl sleep in the back seat . his eye fix on the dollface jacket cover she . 68 . flash bryan be ina store , shopping with Kim . bryan hold up a jean jacket with the word dollface in sequin on the back . Kim 's eye light up . end flash bryan look in he rear view mirror , see the car that have be follow he be two car length behind . bryan look up ahead , see a traffic light turn red , see two car ahead of he . just as the light turn red , bryan accelerate , cut around the two car between he and the light , make a tire screeching u turn , cut off the traffic come the other way , head up the other side of the avenue , see the car that have be follow , catch , trap . see the driver , talk frantically into he cell phone . bryan give he the finger , make he first sharp right turn into a smaller street , disappear . ext . SMALL STREET - night on a quiet , desert street , the suv be park next toa smaller car . bryan be at the door of the smaller car , jimmy the lock . returns to the suv , pick the girl up off the seat , deposit she in the smaller car . bryan hot wire the car , drive off , disappear at the end of the street . int . SMALL seedy HOTEL - night behind the desk of a seedy hotel where cash be all you need for a room , and no id be require , gille , a rumple , wizen , night clerk doze , stir to a soft knock . look up to ... clerk ah! monsieur Allen ... bryan hello gille . how be the wife ? clerk still in charge . it be a very long time since I have see you . bryan yes . but here I be . clerk the usual accommodation ? 69 . bryan plus one . int . HOTEL room - night in cut bryan gerry rig a intravenous unit up . crushes the various med he buy to powder . concoct a solution . insert the iv needle into the girl 's arm . bnd cut as the intravenous drip into the unconscious girl 's body , bryan take Kim 's jacket , brushes it off , remove some grit from it , hang it up , smoothing it out . linger over the touch of the material in he hand . flash Kim try on the jacket in the shop , twirling around , modeling it for bryan . here excitement bring a smile to he face . end flash Fighting down he darkest fear , bryan be unable to staunch the tear that form in the corner of he eye . he sit down heavily in a ratty side chair , fatigue overwhelming he . he have not sleep in three day now . his eye begin to close , he body begin to unwind ... when he cell phone ring . ext . park - dawn Jean -claude , wear a almost imperceptible ear piece , wait impatiently by a statue in a park where a few early morning jogger circle the green , and a group of old chinese man and woman do tai chi in unison on the grass oval . his cell phone ring . Jean - Claude already know who it be when he answer . jean - claude bryan . angle on bryan . stand on a rooftop talk into a walkie talkie , peer through a pair of binocular . bryan you can tell they to stop jogging now . intercut between 70 . J ban - claude ( catch ) they could use the exercise . look at the man jogging past he . exchange know glance with they . they stop jogging . as they appear in the barrel of the binocular ... int . van - dawn agent / technician monitor the call with sophisticated tracking equipment , try to get a location on the origin of the signal . agent vectore . search for location . Jean - Claude hear this in a ear piece . bryan you do not really think I be go to come down there , do you ? jban - claude I do not think you be go to make such a méss . the monitor in the van lock on a location . agent / tech we have he ! bryan I do not have time to worry about neatness . jean ~ claude I know . you have seventy hour . bryan have . now I have fifty six . jean - claude no . now you have none . ext . STREET - morning Cars fill with agent race through the street . jean-claude my chief want to arrest you . I convinced he to send you home . Air France oo1 . he hold a airline ticket over he head . jean - claude leave today at two . first class . courtesy of the french government for past service render . ext . STREET - morning the agent 's car converge on one street . bryan and what about my daughter ? jean-claude I tell you , I sit behind a desk now . I take my order from someone who sit behind a bigger desk . four murder , three in hospital , a building burn to the ground . total chaos at the airport . he want you ass in chain . it 's the best I could do . I be sorry . bryan sorry do not cut it . ext . STREET - morning 71 . the agent 's car come to a screeching halt . the agent leap out of the car , run into a building . jban - claude you can not beat the State bryan ! you know that ! bryan I be not try to beat the State . I be try to save my kid . ( beat ) and it be a trailer , not a building . bryan see the agent burst onto a far roof top with he binocular . jean - claude do you have he ? ext . rooftop - dawn the Agents be stand by a walkie talkie position next to a cell phone sit on a crate . ext . STREET - dawn bryan step out of a alley , toss the walkie talkie into a garbage can , and walk up a street , right past the empty car of the agent . 72 . int . HOTEL room - morning the girl wake slowly , groggy . she look up at the intravenous . look at a very sleep deprive bryan who be copying something onto a piece of paper from the dictionary he get from gregor . he stick the paper in he pocket . the girl reach up for the intravenous needle , weakly . bryan it 's fluid ... her still cloud eye focus on bryan , who have stop she hand from remove the needle in she arm . bryan and medication to counteract the drug . she seem to relax . bryan where do you get this ? he hold up Kim 's jacket . girl ( accented , still drugge ) the boy be very nice . Said come to a party . bryan where do you get the jacket ? do you get it from this girl ? he hold up a picture of Kim . the girl nod . girl it be cold . she give it to I . the girl start to cry , quietly . . girl I be good . I be good . bryan where do she give you the jacket ? girl the house . bryan what house ? girl with the red door . 73 . flash a red door open to a innocuous house , like any other house on the street . the girl , escort by a pleasant look man , be flirty , at ease until she enter , be confront by six albanian thug . suddenly the reality of what be about to happen hit she . fright fill she face , she go to run , they grab she . girl he say it be a party ... flash held down by three man , struggle , she be handcuff to a bed as . a fourth man inject a syringe into she arm . another man stand by with what appear to be a gynecological instrument . the man rip off she skirt , spread she leg . the man with the instrument come closer . girl I be good girl ... flash a man fuck the handcuff girl as she lay in a semi conscious state . flash another injection be administer to the semi coherent girl , aman in the background begin to unzip he pants . girl first the shot , then the man . flash the same thing occur in rapid succession . shot administer , man fuck she . girl over and over . she begin to cry . girl I be good girl ... bryan be shake to he very core . he wipe the girl 's tear . bryan what about she ? hold up Kim 's picture . 74 . bryan what about this girl ? flash the girl lay on a bed shaking . Kim be push into the room . Kim see she pitiful state , lay she jacket over the girl . bryan do they ... he can not even bring himself to think about the possibility . bryan what happen to she ? flash Kim , drugge , semi conscious , be hold down on the bed , she jeans be rip off , she leg be spread , the man with the gynecological device approach . bryan do you know where the house be ? girl paradise ... flash the girl be in a car , under the influence of drug , she eye open and close , she vision be blurred . flash a street sign in close up rue paradis ext . rue paradis - day a house with a red door , just like any other house on the street , innocuous , well keep , quiet , set back from the street . on the small porch , two albanian thug play card , come to attention when ... bryan good morning . clean up , look very official in a suit , enter the yard . albanian I help you ? bryan I be here to see you boss . 75 . albantan no boss . bryan hand he the card he take from jean-claude . the thug look at it . be a bit take aback . albanian we be do nothing wrong here . bryan take out he cell phone , have he finger poise over the keypad . bryan I push one button and thirty agent will be here before you can scratch you worthless ball . now stop fuck around , before I shut you down for waste my time . albanian ( rattle ) wait here . he enter the house , leave bryan under the watchful eye of he cohort . bryan scan the house , take note of the detail : window , door , utility . the first thug reappear . albanian you have weapon ? bryan you be hold it . he allude to the card . int . house - day bryan be lead down a narrow hallway toward the kitchen . on the way , he pass a room where four man be play card . he pass a staircase , where a man be descend , buttone he pants , another be ascend . bryan look past the man descend , to the top of the stair . then he lock eye with the man . man ( challenging ) what ? it be all bryan can do to reach up and rip he throat out . but he do not . he move on . 76 . int . kitchen - morning the man who lead he in stand by the stove . four other albanian sit at a table drink coffee . all have mustaches , all have tattoo of a crescent and a star on they right hand between the thumb and the forefinger . bryan Black , one sugar , please . allude to the coffee pot . one of the man at the table nod to the thug who bring bryan in . he get the coffee . man 1 what be it you want ? he speak with a lisp . bryan I be here to negotiate the rate . man 1 we have already negotiate the rate with Mr. macon . bryan Mr. macon have move to another division . I be here for the be negotiation . the Men say nothing , look at each other , then back at bryan , who take a sip of the coffee . bryan very nice coffee . ( beat ) unless you think I be be unreasonable , let I explain we position . we have you under satellite surveillance twenty four hour a day . the Men all look up to the ceiling , out the window . bryan we hear everything you say , we know everything you do . do you have any idea what it cost just to change the angle of the lens on a satellite orbit 200 mile above the Earth ? and that cost have go up . we cost go up , you cost go up . it be only logical . ( beat ) by the way , which one of you be marko ? he speak 77 . man 2 why do you want to know ? with a very high voice . bryan I be tell marko be in charge . man 1 we be all marko . bryan marko from skopje . man 2 we be all from skopje . bryan if that be the game you want to play , the rate just go up ten percent . man 2 if you be try to make extortion on we because we be immigrant , we know the law . bryan I be extort you because you be break the law . now which charge would you like to be arrest for ? the drug ? the kidnap ? or the prostitution ? the man look from one to the other . again the bryan you come to we country , take advantage of we system , and think because we be tolerant , we be weak , and helpless . you arrogance offend I . and for that , the rate just go up another ten percent . man trade a look . bryan you want to get down to business ? or you want to keep play ? the atmosphere grow more tense by the moment . bryan stare at the albanian , the albanian stare back . the thug behind bryan have he hand tuck into he coat . then the tension be break by ... man 1 how much ? 78 . bryan better . twenty percent . the man blink . bryan and you have my word it will not go up ( beat ) for a year . bryan go to scoop sugar in he coffee from a pot on the table . address the third man . bryan how do you say sugar in you language ? man 3 ( albanian ) sugar . his voice be very deep . bryan repeat the word . man 1 and what do the extra twenty percent buy we ? bryan it busy you the future . again the man look at each other . man 1 pull out a wad of bill , count some bill , put they on the table . bryan you have make a very good investment . he take the money , pocket it , finish he coffee ... bryan see you in a month . get up to go . then , as if forget something , he take a piece of paper out of he pocket , the paper he copy word on from the albanian dictionary . he turn to the fourth man , who have say nothing . bryan a friend give this to I . it 's albanian . you mind translate it for I ? the man stare at the paper , suspicious , look at the other . the other shrug . he read from the paper , translate ... man 4 good luck . 79 . flash the mustach mouth say : voice good luck . flash voice good luck . into Kim 's phone . same voice . be replay on bryan 's recorder over and over : voice good luck . bryan you do not remember I . marko look at he , uncomprehend . bryan we speak on the phone three day ago . marko do not understand . bryan I tell you I would find you . now marko remember . he reach into he jacket . in the flash of a eye , before he can get he weapon out , bryan lash out , chop he throat . the other man go for they weapon . but bryan be like lightning . he grab the two knife from a plate where they be previously cut sausage and cheese , fling they simultaneously . one knife catch one man in the heart , the other man through the eye . the third man have he gun out . bryan break he neck before he can get a shot off . | bryan take the gun . deliberately fire a shot into the ceiling . int . house - day in the front room , the man play card hear the shot . 80 . int . upstair - day two man come run out of room , pull up they pants , pull out they gun . int . kitchen - day the man from the front room come rush in to find body , blood everywhere . but before they can understand that there be one more body than there be man in the room , one of the body rise . bryan shoot so fast , the man be dead before they know it . bryan head out of the kitchen . int . hallway - day the two man from upstairs come run down the stair , run to the kitchen . find the body . hear a noise of foot run up stair behind they . int . hallway - day the two man come run back the way they come , the footstep still sounding on the stair . as they turn the corner to head up the stair , they come face to face with bryan , stamp he foot on the stair in the cadence of someone walk . they momentary surprise be ail he need to shoot they dead . bryan turn and head up the stair . int . upstair ~- day cautiously , bryan come to a line of close door . his nerve keen , he move forward to the first door . he open it slowly . find a half naked woman , out of it on drug , handcuff to a bed . he open another door . find another girl in the same condition . his stomach knotting , he open a third door . in the dim light , bryan can not make out the face . the woman bear a similarity to Kim , bryan hurry over to she , turn she head into the light . it be not Kim . bryan rush out . in a series of quick cut : bryan knock down door after door , find naked , drugge , bound woman in various state of ravage . none of they be kim. b81 . bryan kick down one last door , and find ... bryan amanda ! amanda , hand tie to a post behind the bed , she eye open , stare into eternity . foam drip out of the corner of she slack mouth . a syringe be still insert in she arm . she be dead . a blur come into focus . close up Kim 's picture . pull back to marko 's face . stare at Kim 's picture . pull back further int . basement - day Light seep in through the floor board , create a mix of light and shadow . marko be truss , spread eagle , naked on a rack that look like some sort of S&M sex device . two wire run from he groin to a light switch on the wall . bryan 's hand be on the switch . bryan where be she ? marko fuck you . bryan stick a cloth in marko 's mouth , he hand hit the switch . a bare bulb go on , flicker with the flow of current . marko shriek into the cloth , in absolute agony , as current flow through he gonad . bryan turn the switch off . the room go back into shadow and strip of light . bryan ( calm ) you know we use to out source this sort of thing . but what we find be the country we out source to have unreliable power grid . very third world . sometimes you would turn the switch on , there would be no power for hour . ( more ) 82 . bryan ( cont 'd ) and then temper would get short , people would resort to thing like pull finger nail , acid drip on bare skin . the whole exercise would become ... counter productive . but here the power be stable , there 's a nice even flow . here you can flip a switch and the power stay on all day . he take the cloth out of marko 's mouth . bryan where be she ? marko I do not know . bryan stuff the rag back in marko 's mouth , hit the switch , leave it on . marko scream in unimaginable agony . bryan flip the switch off . marko have snot run from he nose , saliva from he mouth . bryan now I do not have any more time to waste marko from skopje . you either give I what I need , or this switch will stay on until they turn the power off for lack of payment on the bill . where be my daughter ? marko ( weakly ) we do not keep virgin . we sell they . bryan you sell my daughter ? marko nod . bryan to who ? marko I do not know . bryan go to stuff the rag back in he mouth . marko St. Clair ! bryan St. Clair . be that a person ? a place ? 83. marko | St. Clair . St. Clair . person . patrice St. Clair ! bryan where do I find this person patrice St. Clair ? marko do not know . bryan 's hand go to the switch . marko do not know ! do not know ! please ! do not know ! bryan I believe you . he give marko a pat on the back . bryan but it 's not go to save you . he do not bother to put the rag in marko 's mouth , just hit the switch . the light bulb keep flicker . bryan walk out of the room to the most horrendous scream ever to come from a human throat . ext . STREET - evening Jean - Claude walk down the street , a baguette under he arm . come to he house , let himself in . int . jean -claude's house - evening Jean - Claude enter he house . jean - claude I be home . remove he coat , hang it in the closet , proceed down the haliway . jean-claude I could smell the chicken all the way down the street ... enter a room ... int . dine room - evening where he find he two young child , in they pajamas , and he wife , sit at the dinner table , a chicken and assort side dish laid out . 84 . isabelle hook who drop by ... Jean - Claude take a moment , recover . jean - claude bryan . what a pleasant surprise . bryan yes . I think you would like it . tsabelle the child wait up for you . if you will tuck they in we can eat before everything get cold . bryan , will you do the honors ? hand he a cork screw and a bottle of wine . J ban - claude T will ] just be a minute . come on kid . Jean - Claude exit with the kid . track with Jean - Claude walk the kid down the hall . jean - claude go inside . get in bed . I will be right there . he nudge they to they bedroom , then slip into a small bathroom . int . bathroom - night Jean -claude reach under a sink and come up with a gun , which he hide in he pocket . int . dine room - night Jean ~ Claude enter . tsabelle I be just tell bryan how nice it have be since you leave the old job for the new one . Home every night for dinner , get to see the kid more . bryan yes . must be nice come home and see you kid every night , know they be safe . Jean - Claude be grow increasingly uncomfortable . 85 . isabelle bryan have be think of relocate . jean - claude really ? isabelle yes . to Paris . he 's be look at house . ( to bryan ) White or dark meat ? bryan Dark please . as she serve he ... jran - claude find anything interesting ? bryan . as a matter of fact I do . over in the eighteenth . on rue paradis . the people there know someone who work in you office , I think . a monsieur macon ? Jean - Claude tense . bryan see the reaction . bryan you know he ? lsabeluoe oh henri . I call he Mr. nervous . always look like he have be about to have a problem . carrot ? she hold up the serve plate . bryan thank you . : take a spoonful on he plate . bryan I get to the bottom of it Jean . I know everything . I hope you be not involved in this shit . isabelle what. shit ? jean - claude this be not the time or place bryan . isabelle what be you two talk about ? 86 . bryan be you involved ? isabelle involve in what ? will somebody tell I ... bryan because if you be ... Jean - Claude pull he gun , point it at bryan . tsabelle Jean ! jean - claude | my salary be X . my expense be y. I do not know where the difference between the two come from . as long as my family be provide for , I do not care where the difference come from . that be my entire involvement . bryan and what about my family Jean ? jean - claude I tell you I would help you as long as it do not cause trouble for I . bryan who be patrice St. Clair ? jean-claude I do not know . I do not care . I be drive you to the airport . itsabelle Jean ! please tell I ... jean - claude shut up isabelle ! just shut up ! to bryan . jean - claude let 's get go . dinner be over . bryan I be not finish . Jean - Claude menace with the gun . jean - claude yes you be . 87 . bryan open he hand , drop the bullet from the gun on the table . bryan no I be not . Jean - Claude pull the trigger . click click . bryan that 's what happen when you sit behind a desk . you stop pay attention to the detail . you forget thing . like the weight in the hand of a gun that be load and one that be not . in the flash of a eye , bryan take out he own gun . shoot isabelle in the shoulder . she fall to the floor scream . Jean - Claude go to move . bryan take he to the table with a immobilize arm lock , press the gun to he head . jean - claude you bastard ! bryan it 's a flesh wound . but if you do not get I what I need , the last thing you will see before I make you child orphan be the bullet I put between she eye . ( beat ) patrice St. Clair . close up the name patrice St. Clair be type into a computer screen . a dossier mark with the securite code come up for patrice ST . clair . the first page come up , a photo , obviously take clandestinely , of a very urbane look man , in he early fifty , exude a air of culture and a pampere life . pull back to Jean - Claude at he home computer with bryan over he shoulder . as the dossier roll out on the screen ... bryan you could have make this much less painful for everyone involved if you have be more concerned about my daughter , and less concerned about you fuck desk . ( beat ) please apologize to you wife for I . he shoot Jean - Claude in the thigh . 88 . closeup through a pair of binocular , patrice St. Clair in a tuxedo , warmly greet alt , a very culture , obviously refine , Middle Eastern man in he late thirty , also in formal attire , who be accompany by a not very refine bodyguard . wider view St. Clair lead Ali and he retinue through the front door of a mansion , where other elegantly dress guest can be see gather through the double story salon window . angle on bryan . lower the binocular from he vantage point on one of the bridge across the seine . in the distance , on the far shore of the river , be the St. Clair mansion . close up Jean -claude 's official id . with Jean - Claude 's name and position , but bryan 's picture . pull back to the Security scrutinize bryan against he id . satisfied , they hand he back the credential , step aside . bryan enter . int . mansion - night a formal party be in progress . bryan be the only one not dress for the affair . waiter circulate with hor d'oeuvre and flute of champagne . bryan move through the crowd , try to get he bearing , when he see St. Clair , across the room , accompany by two discreet security man , be admit through a secure door into a small elevator . int . mansion - secure door - night bryan approach the Security man at the door . security can I help you ? bryan yes , I be here to see Mr. St Clair . security you name ? bryan flash jean-claude 's id . the Security man consult a guest list . 89 . security I be sorry . you name be not on the list . bryan please look again . as the man look down , bryan bury a lightning fast knuckle punch to he temple , catch he before he fall . propping the man up , bryan open the elevator door , disappear inside . int . garage - night bryan exit the elevator to a garage and several luxury car . he leave the unconscious Security man , head through a door at the far end of the garage . int . circular hallway - night bryan emerge to a circular hallway , wrapping around a wall with intermittent door . from behind the wall he hear low voice , and then applause . bryan hear footstep come , turn to a waiter with a champagne bucket and a bottle of champagne , and a single flute . the waiter stop , look at bryan . waiter May I help you ? int . circular hallway - night Ali 's bodyguard stand before a door . he turn to see bryan approach with the bucket of champagne . bryan you champagne . security I will take it . as he go to take the tray , bryan jam the tray forward into he throat . int . room - night Ali , the sophisticated Middle easterner bryan see at the entrance to the mansion , sit ina comfortable club chair , in a tastefully appoint room , face a floor to ceiling window that look out on a stage where a naked girl of about nineteen dance , gyrate listlessly , while a man behind she watch . voice I have fifty thousand . a moment ... 90 . voice one hundred . Ali hit the button again . voice one £ifty . bryan watch , astound , bryan you champagne sir . krug Reserve 1985 . he display the bottle . Ali do not turn from the window . Hit a button on the desk next to he . voice I have two . bryan May I serve ? alt please . bryan open the bottle . begins to pour . voice I have two ... from he vantage point , bryan can see several other room just like the one he be in face the stage . a voice come over a loudspeaker . voice sold for two hundred thousand . applause come from behind the wall . the window go black . Ali make a note ina book . dial on he cell , speak in Arabic . voice the last item . the light come on . Ali 's attention turn to the window where the next girl be bring in . he drain he glass , hold it out for another pour , not take he eye off the window . bryan pour , but also keep he eye on the window . as before , the girl be wear a silk robe , she back be to the window . voice as usual we save the best for last . speak English . some french . certify pure. 91 . bryan hear this , and a ominous chill run up he spine . he hope against hope . ali hey ! bryan look down , see he have pour over the rim of the glass , soak Ali 's sleeve . bryan sorry . ali get out . he pay Ali no mind . because he worst nightmare have come true . the robe be remove , the girl be turn . stand there , with dull drugge eye , naked , for sale to the high bidder , be Kim . the music come on , Kim , prodd by the man behind she , start to dance listlessly . alt I say ... bryan pull a gun . put it right to Ali 's forehead . bryan I hear what you say . buy she . Ali hesitates . voice T have one hundred . a moment . voice one fifty . Ali lock eye with bryan , still do not bid . voice two hundred ... two fifty ... bryan chamber a round . Ali hit the button . voice Three , .. three fifty ... four ... the bid be fast and furious . voice four fifty ... there i8 a pause . 92 . voice four fifty ... four fifty ... Ali do not move . bryan hit the button . voice five hundred thousand ... five hundred ... five hundred ... no response . voice sold . as the applause come , the window go black . voice that conclude the sale for tonight . thank you all for come . you can collect you purchase directly . bryan let 's go . all you will never get away with this . bryan if you want to live , you will make sure I do . move . he push Ali toward the door . int . circular hallway - night the door open . Ali exit , bryan right behind he . because the wall be curve , bryan have no field of vision . no sooner have bryan step out , then two blackjack from both side of the curve wall come crash down on he head . int . mechanical shop - night bryan 's vision clear . he find himself in a tool shop , handcuff to a overhead pipe , face four Security man and ... ST . clair now mr... he look at bryan 's fake id ... ST. clair well , we know you be not Mr. Jean - Claude . he hold up the id , peel bryan 's picture off . 93 . sT. clair so what do we call you ? bryan say nothing . ST . clair do not matter what we call you really . what do matter be what you be do here . would you care to tell I what you be do here ? bryan the last girl . I be she father . this cause some disquiet among the man . ST . clair oh my . bryan give she to I . ST . clair it wish I could , honestly . I 'ma father also . two son and a daughter . but let I explain something to you mr... whoever you be . this be a business . a very unique business with a very unique clientele . bryan T will pay . ST . clair in this business there be no refund , no return , no discount , no buy back . all sale be final . besides discretion , it be the only rule we have . as a father , my heart go out to you . it really do . asa businessman , I must accept the reality . I be sorry . St. Clair turn to go . security what should we do with he ? at the door ... ST . clair kill he . ( beat ) quietly . I have guest . St. Clair exit with one of the Security man . the other three man look at each other . } 94 . then at bryan , who glare at they . man 1 gag he . man 3 take out a cloth , the other two take out knife . man 3 advance on bryan . as he get within range , bryan pull down with all he might on the pipe he be handcuff to , snap it . the open pipe spew a blast of steam right into man 3 's face . he stagger back , blind , scald . steam begin to fill the room . man 2 rush bryan , lead with he knife . bryan wrap the handcuffs around he forearm , spin halfway , break he arm . when , from behind , man 1 pull a garrote tight around bryan 's throat . bryan reverse fast , get he handcuffs around the man 's neck , pull hard , snap he neck like a twig . man 3 have recover and charge bryan with he knife draw . bryan reverse he with a swift deflection and drive he forward , right into the dangle steam pipe . the pipe pierce he back and protrude through he chest ; blood spray in every direction . as he die , steam shoot out of the pipe . bryan reach over , remove a gun from the holster of one of the dead man , shoot the handcuffs off . int . garage - night St. Clair be wait for the lift , when he hear the shot . ST . clatr would you please go and see which part of the word quietly they do not understand ? security yes sir . the Security man head back toward the rear door , when the door swing open and a burst of steam envelop he . out of the steam a gun fire , blow a hole in he face . St. Clair stare , stunne , as bryan emerge from the steam , armed . Fire in he eye . ST . clair ( panicked ) we can resolve this . bryan say nothing , keep advance . St. Clair back up against the lift door . ST . clair I know how you feel . we should talk . we will work it out . 95 . the lift door open , St. Clair stumble in , try to push the button . bryan fire one shot , wound he in he shoulder . St. Clair slump against the wall , bryan stand over he . ST . clair you have no idea ... bryan put a bullet in he other shoulder . St. Clair scream . bryan aim the gun at he leg . bryan where be she ? ST . clair please you must try to understand ... bryan put a bullet in he leg . ST . clair there 's a boat by the quay ! please understand . it be all business . it be not personal . bryan to you it be all business . to I it be all personal . he pump the entire clip of bullet into St. Clair . press the lift button . the door close . the lift rise . int . mansion - night the guest be mingling , chat , be so pleasantly social , when the lift arrive , open , and St. Clair 's lifeless , bloody body topple out . a real party ender . ext . mansion - night guest be rush out of the mansion , hamper the Security man try to rush in . suddenly ... crash ! one of the luxury car from the garage come smash through the garage door to the side of the main building , bryan behind the wheel . int . car - night bryan veer off , avoid hit the people scurrying around . the Security draw gun , try to get a bead on he , but bryan jerk the car to the leave , without take he foot off the accelerator , send the car crash through a high hedge . 96 . ext . garden - night bryan race the car through the formal garden of the mansion , destroy a large fountain , tear up the planting , obliterate several bench and a glass gazebo , smash through the wall surround the whole estate , before he careen onto the road . int . car - night bryan emerge onto the top of the Avenue , see in the distance , on the river below , a grand boat , build in the twenties , make all of wood and gleam chrome , light up , with several car approach . bryan hit the accelerator , take a road to the lower quai . ext . boat - night Ali and he bodyguard bring Kim and two other drugge out girl onto the boat . more bodyguard greet they on deck . eat . SMALL quai - night bryan race along the river on the lower roadway , see that the boat have leave the quai and move out into the river . bryan screech to a stop as the road dead end , throw the car into reverse , go barrel up the road the way he come . kat . roadway - night on the top of the roadway , traffic run in the opposite direction . out of nowhere , bryan 's car blow out of the lower roadway and onto the high quai road . against the flow of traffic , Cars screech , bang into each other . bryan see from he vantage point that the boat have pull away from the quai and be start to head out into the river . bryan jam the gear shift into low , and take off after the boat . against the flow of traffic . track with bryan as he race against the traffic , keep one eye on the boat cruise in the middle of the river , and the other eye on the car try to get out of he way as he barrel full speed right at they . Cars careen leave and right , slamm into each other , run up on the shoulder of the road , take out lamppost , guard rail . bryan pull even with the boat , still racing headlong into the traffic . oblivious to the mayhem he be cause , he look over toward the boat , see several crewmen on deck , but no sign of Ali or Kim . 97 . int . boat - night Ali enter a stateroom where a older man in traditional robe , sheikh rahman , be recline on a huge bed . ali ( Arabic ) they be be prepare sir . int . car - night bryan race down the road until he come to a bridge ahead of the boat . he brake hard , get out , and start run to the center of the bridge . he perches right at the rail , wait for the boat to come closer . on the quai road , the sound of police siren and the sight of flash light head right towards he draw bryan 's attention for a moment . int . boat - night Ali , walk along a corridor hear the noise outside , peer out a window , see the police car rush up the quai , think nothing of it , head for a door at the end of the hall . int . bridge - night bryan watch the boat pass underneath the bridge some thirty fee below . he take a breath , jump . int . room - night Ali watch as two Arabic woman be dress Kim and the two other space out girl in very chic , but very revealing gowns . ali show time ! and then he hear a loud thump on the deck above . ext . boat - night bryan have hit the deck hard , injure he ankle . take a moment to collect himself , he look up to see three crewmen run towards he , two have club , the third a shovel . bryan manage to find he foot just as they attack . the first man swing he club . bryan disarm he , crippling he with a blow to the throat . he raise the club just as the shovel come crash down , block the sharp edge of it and drive the club into the man 's jaw in one swift move . 98 . the third man catch he with the club across the back . bryan buckle a bit from the blow . the man be about to land another , when bryan kick out from the floor , shatter the man' knee . the man go down , scream in pain . bryan put he out of he misery with a reverse elbow strike to the face . int . boat - corridor - night Ali move through the corridor , the three daze girl be hustle along by two other man , when he see , through the narrow window above he , a man hit the deck , blood spurting from he mouth . ali you ! he motion to one man . ali come with I ! motion to the other . ali you deliver the girl ! Ali and one of the man run off . ext . boat - night bryan make he way along the deck , favor he injure ankle , when suddenly a door open behind he and two man rush out , one with a ax , the other with a machete . bryan grab the only weapon available : the oar from a life boat . bryan battle both man , skillfully use the oar to deflect the blow from the ax and the machete , spin , feint , block , strike , until the man with the machete snap the oar in two with one downward cut . just then the man with the ax swing at bryan . bryan block the blow with one end of the oar , jam the jag other end into he chest . in one swift circular move , bryan grab the ax , spin , and bury the blade into the chest of the machete wielder . bryan hear a noise behind he , turn just as two more man emerge , fire gun . bryan pull the man he just axed in Front of he . the bullet riddle he body . bryan spin with the corpse , grab the machete , swinging down at the shooter 's hand . chop one man 's hand clean off . sever the second shooter 's throat . 99 . another man emerge from the cabin , spraying with a automatic . bryan push the corpse into he , clamber up and over the cabin roof . on the other side of the deck bryan drop back down onto the deck , he ankle crumble underneath he . he rise , painfully , only to find another three crew , armed with club , and knife , charge . the first man attack with a knife . bryan let the knife pass inch from he side , then spin the man and drive the knife into the second man who be charge right behind he . the third man swing down with he club , catch bryan on the shoulder , send he staggering almost over the side of the boat . the clubber swing again , bryan roll over the rail , latch onto a rope attach to the side , use the rope to block the next blow . he wrap the rope around the man 's wrist and pull . the man fly over the rail , into the river . bryan clamber back onto the deck , barely have time to catch he breath , when a bullet smashes into the wall next to he head . he turn to the two gunman , and Ali , come over the top of the roof . with nowhere to run , he dive through the window lead inside the boat . int . boat - night bryan land in the interior corridor , just as two more man come around the corner , with automatic weapon . they fire . bryan yank open a door , which take the barrage of bullet . when the smoke clear , there be no movement from behind the door . the man rush the door , swing it open . there be no one there . | the man run forward , turn the corner , right into two grapple hook , that emb in they chest . each hook hold in one of bryan 's hand . bryan see a door at the far end of the corridor , grab one of the automatic weapon from the man he just dispatch , head towards the door as fast as he bum ankle will carry he . suddenly from outside on the deck , gunfire shatter the window , rake the corridor , tear the wooden wall . bryan run , return the fire through the window as he go . one man outside fall , another fall . then bryan take a bullet in the arm , lose he weapon as he hit the floor . 100 . bryan struggle up , he arm bleed , pull himself up on the shred wood of the wall , when Ali drop down the stair , pistol in hand . ali you ! he raise he pistol to fire . bryan 's hand , clutching the wooden wall , yank a board free , and just as Ali fire , he dive forward , somersault , and come up right in front of Ali , bury the board in he hand in Ali 's forehead . the expose nail pierce Ali 's brain . Ali 's eye stare into bryan 's , go lifeless . bryan push he aside , ignore he own wound , pick up Ali 's pistol and limp for the door at the end of the hall . just as he approach the door , a shot ring out from inside , pierce the door . bryan fall . the door open , and Sheikh Rahman appear , pistol in hand . behind he , Kim and the other girl be huddle on the bed . Rahman stand over bryan , regards he for a moment , then turn back to the room . he hear a noise . turn again to bryan , stand , bloody . bryan Party 's over . Rahman raise he pistol . not as fast as bryan . bryan drill one shot right through Rahman 's forehead . Rahman fall to the floor , dead . bryan step into the room , see Kim on the bed . she look at he with glaze , drugge eye . he go to she . bryan Kim . she look up at he , uncomprehend at first , then ... kim daddy ... her eye light with recognition . kim you come for I . she start to cry . kim you come for I . she wrap she arm around he , sob . 101 . bryan I tell you I would . he hold she close . fade to int . lax - day the door to custom open . Kim emerge , run into the arm of lenore . Stuart stand close . bryan emerge from custom a moment later , arm in a sling , lean on a cane , favor he ankle , face bruise and cut , slow to heal . stuart bryan ... he hold out he hand . stuart if there 's anything you need . bryan it have what I need . refer to Kim . lenore bryan . she hug he , awkward , but heartfelt . lenore thank you . the awkwardness persist . they separate . lenore come on darling . we be go to go home . lluisa 's prepare that chocolate souffle just the way you like it . we will rent some film , cuddle up . Marc will come over tomorrow for you hair ... kim Mom ... lenore stop . kim if it 's ok with you , I think I be go to spend the night at dad 's . lenore be stunne . but not as stunne as ... 102 . bryan honey . it 's ok . you do not have to . kim I know I do not have to . ( beat ) I want to . a small smile break across bryan 's lip , nothing in comparison to the one that fill he heart . Kim put she arm through he . they walk off , arm in arm . as lenore and Stuart watch they exit into the bright California day . 3-28-06