take shelter written by Jeff Nichols Grove Hill production release edit draft ext . laforche home - day Sun spike through the jostling leave of a maple tree . a strong wind bend they back , show they light green belly . this be a modest house in a row of modest house . propane tank and farmland at they back show this neighborhood to be more rural than suburb . curtis laforche ( 35 ) stand in he driveway . his eye , lock on the sky , narrow as he stare at ... a STORM cell stretch out on the horizon in front of he . it 's a bruise sky fill with a vicious mixture of black and gray cloud . they swirl in and out of one another send wispy tentacles toward the ground . curtis stand , awestruck . the cloud move fast overhead . he look up as they overtake he position . a light rain begin . the rain pat the ground . it make soft indention on he cotton shirt . he watch it hit the concrete , fall harder now . he notice something strange . the rain make dark spot on the sidewalk . he pull he shirt out and see dark spot form there . he hold he palm out flat in front of he . the rain pool . he rub the water through he thumb and finger . it 's a amber color , viscous , like fresh motor oil . curtis look to the sky , the rain pelting he face now . jag , angry cloud blankete overhead . the wind bend back the trunk of the maple tree . curtis stand alone at the base of the surging STORM cell . title : take shelter int . bathroom - day curtis hold he head under the run shower nozzle . cool , clean water rush over he face . int . kitchen - day samantha ( 29 ) stand at the stovetop stir egg in a pan . she 's still dress in she sleep attire , a oversize T - shirt and pajama bottom with cartoon frog on they . hannah ( 5 ) sit at the kitchen table tear up a piece of toast and feed it to the dog . 2 . Hannah be a blonde little girl with a large hearing aid wrap over she right ear . it clip into she hair near the back of she head . the dog 's name be Red , a rhodesian ridgeback that appreciate the attention . curtis enter the kitchen and kiss Hannah on the head . in the same motion , he take the piece of toast from she hand and set it on she plate . curtis ( take a seat ) no , no , no ... do not feed the dog darlin' . Hannah immediately pick the piece of toast back up and feed it to the dog . samantha bring the pan over and spoon egg out on everyone 's plate . curtis ( cont 'd ) thanks babe . samantha you sleep late . curtis yeah . I need to go . what you get go today ? samantha I have get to finish up some curtain for Saturday , and nat and cam be come over . curtis ( mouth full ) with the kid ? samantha yeah . cammie say she just need to get out of the house . samantha take she seat at the table . curtis tell nat to take it easy on she . curtis get up and go to Hannah . samantha cam can hold she own . we need to send in the deposit for the beach condo . he kneel beside he daughter 's chair and wait for she to make eye contact . she look over at he . he speak use sign language . Three broad , slow gesture . 3. curtis ( signing ) I love you . Hannah put she arm around he neck and he squeeze she . he stand and grab a sack lunch off the counter . on he way out , he kiss samantha on top of the head . curtis ( cont 'd ) just write the check , babe . okay . samantha okay . bye . samantha sip she coffee as Hannah feed more toast to the dog . samantha ( cont 'd ) ( as she sign ) no more food . you , eat . ext . laforche home - day curtis shoulder he way out the front screen door . key in he mouth and sack lunch in he hand , he make he way down the porch step and onto the front walk . he pop open the chain -link gate and head for the pick - up park on the street . clear blue sky overhead . ext . soybean field - day small soybean plant slouch in the noonday sun . a slight breeze pick up , jostling the leave , but the sound be drown out by a loud , mechanical rumbling . a spiral drill churn up dark soil as it dig deeper into the ground . curtis , wear work goggle , grab hold of the drill 's cabling system and yank down . curtis yeah , let 's keep go with that bit ! it will go another 10 foot ! he yell to dewart ( 36 ) , a big guy sit at the control of a diesel power well-drilling rig . the truck have a long rusted bed with metal scaffold raise high on its back . dewart we will not get the gravel pack down today ! curtis why not ?! 4. dewart that cloud ! we be gonna have to call it ! curtis look back to a potential STORM . Gray cloud form across the horizon . curtis happy hour start at five dewart ! dewart ( to himself ) not if it 's rainin ' ... ready ? curtis oh , yeah . int . laforche home - day samantha sit at a table run a long piece of sheer fabric through she sewing machine . she 's make curtain . nat ( 37 ) sip a screwdriver from a clear plastic cup design not to sweat . she 's a woman with rough edge . cammie ( 24 ) cradle a brown-haire baby on top of she pregnant , eight month belly . as nat speak , she look out a slide glass door at she two kid , dj ( 7 ) and sue ( 5 ) , play with Hannah . nat they be just drinkin ' and laughin ' and oh , my god ... it be like I be bein ' in a museum and I see the progress from ape to man . I see it . I see the future . dewart , that be he ... that be go to be he in 20 year . samantha oh my god . cammie laugh . nat let I tell you , you laugh . you laugh . but this little one in you arm be gonna be shufflin ' in a bar just like `em . yep ... ( glance outside ) Hannah ! samantha jump up from she sewing to see outside . Hannah , with she back to the house , bang a 2 X 4 with a rusted nail in the end into the ground . samantha be out the door . 5 . ext . backyard - continuous samantha walk briskly , talk to the other child . samantha you guy okay ? sue yeah . samantha take a wide line around Hannah , who continue bang the two - by-four into the ground . as soon as the child see she mother , she stop . samantha crouch in front of Hannah , gently take the board away from she . samantha sign with she hand and speak at the same time . samantha no . do not touch . Hannah tilt she head , look off to the side . samantha touch she chin bring she eye back around . samantha ( cont 'd ) ( signing and speak ) you understand ? Hannah nod once , " yes " . samantha ( cont 'd ) oksy . come here . samantha stand and take the board to a trash pile in the back corner of the yard . a STORM shelter be bury in the ground just behind the pile . it 's a grass cover mound with two rusted metal door angle toward the sky . she throw the board onto the heap and wipe she hand on she pants . stare at the pile , she let out a irritate sigh . Thunder rumble low in the distance . she look up at the approach cloud and call to the child as she walk back inside . samantha ( cont 'd ) hey , dj . bring the girl inside . ext . soybean field - day thunder strike . the drill bit spin as rain pelt the ground turn the dark soil into black mud . 6 . curtis hold a rain slicker over he head . he watch as the hole they be drilling fill up with brown water . he lift he boot , which make a suck sound as it dislodge from the mud . look at the horizon , he see no sign of the storm let up . he look to dewart , who smile at he from behind the control of the rig . dewart what ? it 's not my fault ! I tell you ! curtis yeah . all right ... all right ! I be callin ' it ! shut it down ! dewart gladly ease back on the lever at he knee . I /e. laforche home - late afternoon samantha hold the front door open as nat and cammie leave with they child pack up and in tow . it 's raining pretty hard outside . samantha bye guy . thanks for come over . nat I will call next week about the lion Club supper . samantha okay . Love you . cammie bye Sam . samantha bye cam . running for she car hold a jacket cover car seat . samantha close the door and listen to she quiet house . the rain outside be the only noise . she head to the kitchen . in the kitchen , Hannah be sit indian - style at the glass door watch the rain . samantha walk over and kneel down behind she . she wrap she arm around Hannah , who lift a hand to the glass . samantha ( cont 'd ) can you sign s-t -o-r-m ? 7. samantha put she hand onto the glass next to Hannah 's and sign " s-t -o-r -m " . Hannah turn to see she mother 's face , and samantha use both hand to make the sign symbol . finger , spread and bent , move downward . samantha ( cont 'd ) Storm . Hannah look back out the window . they watch the storm together . I /e. curtis ' truck / dewart house - night the blue top of a small cooler be knock to the floorboard as dewart fish the last busch tallboy out of icy water . he crack it open and take a extend sip . curtis , sit behind the wheel of he truck , look at he drunk friend . curtis I gotta get home . dewart nat and I be lookin ' into a threesome . we have be chattin ' with a girl online from canton . yeah . Big `ol girl . curtis what 's big ? dewart she 's about two fifty , two seventy five . she can not be no taller than 5 foot . dewart start laugh , which make curtis laugh . curtis shit man . the laugh subside . curtis ( cont 'd ) I do not see I and Sam gettin ' into something ' like that . dewart no . I do not guess you would . dewart be stare at curtis . dewart ( cont 'd ) you get a good life curtis . 8. curtis shrug . dewart ( cont 'd ) I be serious . I think that 's the best compliment you can give a man , take a look at he life and say , that 's good . that guy 's doin ' something ' right . curtis well . it be not always so easy . dewart Hell I know that . dewart see something out he window . dewart ( cont 'd ) ah shit . I gotta go ... manana . curtis good night . nat , in a house robe and slipper , weave she way through the maze of junk on they front lawn . dewart pass she without say a word . curtis watch as she follow he inside the house , still talk . he shift into drive and pull away . int . laforche home - night the light be out and the house be quiet . curtis ease open the front door and step inside . stand on the door mat , he slip off he mud-cake boot and gently set they aside . at hannah's bedroom door , curtis place he palm flat on the door and let it open . Hannah be curl up with the cover . he watch she sleep . samantha , barefoot and wear a sleep shirt , walk up behind curtis . he turn he head when she approach . curtis ( softly ) hey baby . she wrap she arm around he waist and he lift he elbow to make room for she . they whisper . curtis ( cont 'd ) she do all right today ? 9 . samantha she be fine . she 's still not playin ' with the other , though . she can not connect . honey , you gotta clean up that trash pile in the back . she fished out a board that have nail on it . curtis I will get to it this weekend . it 's quiet for a moment . curtis ( cont 'd ) I still take off my boot so I will not wake she up . she smile up at she husband . samantha I still whisper . he pull she tight . they stand together in the doorway . the house be silent . ext . laforche backyard - day curtis load piece from the trash pile into a wheelbarrow . he keep a eye on Hannah as she jump on a small , plastic playscape in the middle of the backyard . the dog , Red , pace by the back door . he 's agitate , but he movement be limited by the length of rope tie from he collar to a nearby post . he bark . thunder strike . curtis flinch at the loud boom . he look to the sky and see dark cloud twist overhead . Hannah play , unaffected by the noise . to get a better view , curtis move from beneath a tree in the corner of the yard and survey the large swath of farmland that run up to he property . chain-link fencing partition the yard from a deep concrete culvert that lead out to the open field . a giant STORM cell gather force on the horizon there . Red bark incessantly . he wince and strain against the rope tie to he collar . curtis flinch again as a bolt of lightning streak to the ground in the distance . spark shoot into the air leave a circle of scorched crop . another crack of thunder . 10 . a light rain begin . Red snap he head around and buck into the air . he gnashes at the rope . curtis collect Hannah off the playscape and turn back to the approach STORM cell . he hold up he hand and study the fall rain . it 's the thick , amber color liquid . with Hannah in he arm , curtis watch , awestruck , as wispy tentacles drip to the ground form a collection of three tornados out in the field . behind they , Red 's tooth fray the rope at he collar . he thrashes he head , the rope snap , and the dog fly toward curtis and Hannah . curtis turn to see Red charge they . he barely have time to set Hannah down before Red catch he by the forearm . they crash to the ground , tangle together . rain come down hard now . curtis yell and wave Hannah back . Red , snap , bury he tooth into the muscle in curtis ' arm . blood stream from the wound . curtis scream in pain . int . bedroom - day curtis bolt up in bed grab he forearm . he grind he tooth and double over in pain . it take a moment for he to find he bearing . his breathe slow . he gently rub he hand over the skin on he arm . sweat have collect around he collar and temple . from the bed , sheet in a twisted mess , he look around the room unsure of what just happen to he . int . kitchen - day egg cool on a plate . curtis sit at the kitchen table dress for work . he stare vacantly at he breakfast . he look up at Hannah . she sit on the floor surround by toy building block and play with the dog . she rub under Red 's chest and in turn he lick she face . she smile and gently push he away . samantha sit with she knee up drink coffee . 11 . samantha curtis ? curtis what ? samantha do you hear I ? you get to be home , shower , ready to walk out the door by six tonight . curtis stand up and go over to Hannah . he grab she off the floor and she begin to protest with kick and cry . samantha ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? curtis nothing . I just want she to eat she breakfast and stop playin ' with the damn dog . samantha she 's fine down there . she have toast already . curtis , against flail , manage to get Hannah in she chair . curtis back off , frustrated . Hannah climb down from she chair and go back to the floor and the dog . curtis Hannah . come here . Hannah . samantha curtis ? curtis what ? he stop and check he watch . curtis ( cont 'd ) I be late . samantha you do not eat anything ? head out . curtis it 's okay . curtis be go . samantha look at Hannah on the floor with the dog . 12 . int . delta agri - pro MAIN office - day the main headquarters of Delta agri- pro be house in a giant metal building . a row of cheaply build , 70 's style office with drop tile ceiling line the leave of a large warehouse that contain all manner of agricultural and construction equipment . tractor , backhoe , welding rig , etc . a group of men , many of which be represent at gator 's bar yesterday , sit in fold chair or stand in a semi-circle around jim thompson ( 53 ) . he speak , clipboard in hand . jim I do not say you have control over the weather Russell , what I do say be that the top shelf have to be clear by the 15th . that 's non - negotiable . dewart eat from a bag of sunflower seed . curtis stare down at he forearm . he rub the skin there . Jim run a finger down he clipboard . jim ( cont 'd ) umm , curtis . where we at on that east 82nd site ? curtis snap he head up , take a second . curtis yesterday slowed we down . we could not get the second pilot hole drill . Jim drop he head and the clipboard fall to he side . a melodramatic move . jim it rain for two hour yesterday . two hour and we entire schedule go in the toilet . we lose the permit if you be not out of there by end of day . curtis yes sir . jim end of day curtis . curtis nod . jim ( cont 'd ) all right . Valerie tell I that the father son pancake cook off ... 13 . ext . delta agri - pro MAIN office - continuous curtis and dewart walk to curtis ' truck . curtis hey , I gotta make a stop before we head out there . dewart think we get time ? curtis yeah . there 's time . int . home depot - day dewart stand by a flatbe cart with a prefab doghouse sit on it . curtis load chain -link fencing material onto the cart . ext . soybean field - day the wheel of the well - drilling rig be half sink into the muddy soil . curtis stand over the hole be drill . the turn metal pole suddenly seize up and stop . smoke begin to seep up from the hole . curtis sonofabitch . dewart jump down from the control panel to take a look . dewart we stripped that bit . curtis yeah . well , bring it up . we gotta re-set it . dewart walk back to he control . curtis head to the cab of the drilling rig and check he watch . curtis ( cont 'd ) shit . something catch he eye in the distance . clear past the rig , he walk out into the adjacent field . he remove he goggle , eye fix on the acre of farmland that stretch for mile in front of he . in the sky overhead , 14 . a enormous flock of bird roll in unison . hundred of they make up a black swarm that twist and shift in the air . they dive bomb then ascend in intricate , geometric pattern . curtis watch , mesmerize . dewart strain a wrench against a bolt as the drill screech in reverse . dewart curtis ! curtis acknowledge dewart but can not take he eye off the pattern of bird . they shrink and stretch from thick clump to long cylindrical tube . a choreography . curtis reluctantly head back to the rig , which be shriek with the SOUND of metal on metal . curtis you ever see bird fly like that ?! dewart ( hold he hand to he ear ) what ?! curtis look back , give the bird a final review . I /e. curtis ' truck / house - evening the sun have just set add a purple hue to the sky . curtis steer he truck up to the front curb of he house . through he windshield , he see samantha stand by she car , the back door open . she watch he pull up . Hannah be already pack into she car seat . curtis ( to himself ) shit . parked , curtis climb out and walk to the driveway . samantha come on we gotta go . curtis ah , Jesus . I could really use a shower . 15 . samantha be not have it . she climb in the passenger seat . curtis make he way to she car . int . special education classroom - night curtis ' work boot be encase in dry mud . chunks have break off and pepper the thin blue industrial carpet . his mud-stain finger tap on the top of a desk . dirt cake under he nail . teacher ( o.s. ) so if you continue with the basic vocabulary , this will allow you to communicate with you child better . curtis sit , filthy , at a school desk he do not quite fit into . a teacher speak to a room full of parent . teacher ( cont 'd ) between the age of four and seven the focus be more on the sign and then later we will begin add the alphabet as more of a support syster . now in asl ... curtis look over at samantha , who be sit in the desk next to he . she will not look at he . he crane he neck around to see toward the back of the room . a assistant teacher sit on a large , colorful rug with a group of child , all different age , play game that teach hand sign . Hannah actively participate in the group . teacher ( cont 'd ) ... the male sign be sign at the forehead area . for example , father be sign up here like this ... Father , very good . curtis turn back in he chair and make the sign for " dad " along with the other parent . int . special education classroom - night - later curtis , samantha , and Hannah sit on the floor in a circle atop the color rug . samantha turn over large flashcard with illustrate scene on they . they take turn make the corresponding sign . curtis stare at samantha , but she 's still give he the cold shoulder . finally , while hold up a card , she look at he . he sign , " I be sorry " . a fist move in a circular motion at he chest . 16 . samantha you be not sorry . curtis I be sorry . she look to Hannah and sign , " swim " . samantha well , you stink . you smell really bad . he smile . curtis I think I smell good . she smile , begrudgingly , and then sign to Hannah , " dad " and " stink " . curtis turn to some lady behind he . curtis ( cont 'd ) do I smell good ? samantha laugh and try to cover he mouth with she hand . curtis ( cont 'd ) see . maybe I should marry she instead . they continue to laugh . samantha stop . int . curtis ' truck - day curtis slam the door to he truck , sealing he off from the torrential rainfall outside . he shake water off , wipe he face . the window be smear by thick , dark rain . it 's hard to see out . he look over to Hannah sit in she car seat . it look odd on the front bench of the truck . he sign to she . curtis ( signing and speak ) you okay ? she nod . he crank the truck and turn on the wiper . the liquid on the windshield streak into long smudge . curtis lean forward to get a better view of the street . he check he blind spot and pull away . moving fast on a MAIN road , 17 . stop light blur into hazy red and green sphere . curtis check the rearview , but the back window be cover by the rain . he try roll down he window , but water blow in . he roll it back up and the smudge get worse . the truck shimmy from leave to right , push by the wind . a thunder strike rattles . suddenly , the shape of a person stand in the road . curtis ( cont 'd ) shit ! curtis stomp on the brake and turn the wheel . the truck hydroplane . crash ! curtis ' head bust against the steering column . the front windshield crack as the truck jerk to a stop . the hiss of a break radiator . curtis wince from the blow to he head . Hannah be cry . he reach over to she . curtis ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? Hannah physically look all right , but she continue cry . curtis reach out and place a hand on she head . he 's daze , mumble . curtis ( cont 'd ) you be okay . the truck be angle up slightly like the front end have inched up a pole . a cut on he forehead have begin to bleed . he see movement . a person pass by the hazy side window . a shape move past the driver 's window . the truck shift as weight be add to the bed . the SOUND of someone pull thing from the back of the truck . a moment . whack ! curtis flinch as a 2x4 pound the windshield . the truck jostle from the weight of someone jump on the hood . bump . bump . the roof cave in with two footstep . curtis look around frantically . he reach over to Hannah and begin to unstrap she from the car seat . 18 . smash ! a board break through the passenger window . a woman , pale and aggressive , stand in the rain storm stare through the break glass . she reach for the lock . curtis pull Hannah from the child seat and recoil against he door but be jolted as another board crash through the driver 's window . a hand yank curtis by he collar . he 's pull against the door . a pasty forearm wrap around he neck , choke he . he strain against the arm . suck air . need to breath . the woman at the passenger door grab for Hannah . curtis kick at she . a man 's boot kick out the back window . the man in the bed of the truck reach for curtis ' face . he flail and kick , unable to break free from the forearm at he door . the woman get hold of Hannah . the child be yank from curtis ' arm . he scream . curtis ( cont 'd ) Hannah ! Hannah ! hand claw at curtis ' face . scratch . blood streak . the woman have disappear into the storm with Hannah . curtis scream . finger swoop into he open mouth , grab hold of he cheek . they pull the cheek back . tearing . he yell in pain . int . hallway / kitchen - day samantha walk down the hallway hold Hannah 's shoe . Hannah trail behind she . samantha here honey . put on you shoe in the kitchen , samantha walk in . curtis be stand at the counter in he undershirt and boxer pour a cup of coffee . samantha ( cont 'd ) good , you be up . curtis do not turn to greet she . he just stir a spoon in the black coffee . samantha walk up to he and put a hand on he back . she notice that he shirt be soak with sweat . 19 . samantha ( cont 'd ) honey , you be soak . he turn , take a sip from the mug . she feel he forehead . samantha ( cont 'd ) be you sick ? curtis I have feel better . samantha I guess we could stay home if we need to . curtis where you goin ' ? samantha it 's Saturday , I be go to take Hannah to my booth . curtis oh. yeah . curtis walk to the table and take a seat . samantha you look really sick honey . curtis I be all right . it 's just a cold or somethin' . samantha let I get you some advil . she head for the hallway . curtis no . do not worry about it . ya will just go . I will be fine . samantha you sure ? curtis yeah . ( hold up the mug ) better already . samantha walk to she purse on the counter and root through to find a set of key . 20 . samantha okay . I get my phone if you need anything . do not forget Sunday lunch be here tomorrow . this reminder make curtis rub he face with a grunt . samantha ( cont 'd ) if you be sick , we should cancel . curtis I will be all right . samantha okay , we will talk later . she head for the door with Hannah . samantha ( cont 'd ) come on . let 's go . ( to curtis ) you sure ? curtis honey , please . samantha okay . samantha scoops up she bag and take Hannah by the hand . they leave the room . curtis notice the dog , Red , sit on he haunch look at he . curtis stare back , sip he coffee . ext . laforche backyard - day the reverse light shine as curtis ' pick - up rumble backward . curtis eye the side mirror as he maneuver the truck into he backyard . in the mirror , the trash pile come into view . just behind it , the STORM shelter door appear . the truck shutter to a stop . curtis study the shelter in the side mirror for a moment . a grassy bulge with angle metal door peek over the trash heap . he climb out . a blue tarp be pull from the bed of the truck , float down to the yard . curtis slip on a pair of work glove and continue to eye the Storm shelter . he yank a bale of chain - link from the bed of the truck and carry it to the back corner of the yard . he steal another glance back toward the shelter . 21 . drop the bale , he size up the space . he look to the sky . it 's a beautiful day . he begin count off step from the back fence line . int . flea market - series of image - day - a linen sheet float down over a fold table . - the hang bag be place on a portable clothes rod . - hand place a assortment of home sewn craft like napkin and embroider pillow out onto the table . - a tackle box be open revealing a tray of small bill and change . a calculator be remove . Hannah kneel in front of a fold chair behind they booth at a open-air flea market . she use the seat of the chair as a table for a tiny porcelain tea set . samantha stand over she display table smile and nodd at peruse customer . ext . laforche backyard - series of image - day - a mallet drive tall metal stake into the ground . - the cord hold together the bale of chain - link be snipped and a boot roll the fencing out flat . - chain-link be attach to the stake with a number of metal braid . - the prefab doghouse be set down in the back corner . curtis stand in front of he newly create dog pen . it 's waist high and about 7 ' X 10 ' , tuck in the back leave corner of the yard so that half of the pen be make up by the exist fencing . int . flea market - day samantha turn to see a large woman hold up a intricately embroider pillow . you can tell by the look of she that she 's a flea market pro , a bargain hunter ( 54 ) . bargain hunter how much you ask for this pillow ? 22 . samantha this pillow 's fifteen dollar . bargain hunter that 's more than I want to spend . samantha this be all hand stitched . it take a really long time . that 's why I charge that . bargain hunter I will give you seven for it . samantha look at the woman , who be almost dare she . samantha I can not go that low . bargain hunter well that 's my offer . the woman set down the pillow and begin look over other item on the table . samantha bite the inside of she cheek . she do not like to haggle . samantha how about 10 ? the woman do not look up . bargain hunter I will give you eight , but it 's in change . samantha force a smile and motion to Hannah . samantha that 's fine . the woman smile and remove a Ziplock bag of assort coin from she purse . Hannah take the bag . samantha ( cont 'd ) lucky for you she like to count change . Hannah open the bag and begin to turn it over . ext . laforche backyard - day - later curtis unlatch a piece of the braid wire hold a separate section of fencing that act like a gate . curtis Red ! come on . 23 . he open it and look down at Red , who sit at he foot . he speak gently to the dog . curtis ( cont 'd ) get in . Red walk into the pen . curtis ( cont 'd ) good boy . curtis close the gate , kneel and place he hand on the fence . Red approach so that he nose be touch curtis ' finger . curtis scratch he . curtis ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about this buddy . we just gotta work it like this for awhile okay ? curtis stand , wiping he hand off on he jeans . he see the Storm shelter poke up from behind the trash pile . he look down at Red . curtis walk to the shelter . clear past the trash pile , the shelter appear , the mound fully visible . curtis stop at the angle door . he study they . a rusted padlock be snap shut across the handle . he reach out and lift up the padlock . he yank on it , then let it fall . int . kitchen - day coin splash across the kitchen counter . curtis set a empty coffee can back on the shelf in front of he and begin sifting through the change . odd screw , button , then he get to what he 's look for . a small set of brass key on a match ring . he grab the key from the pile and exit . ext . laforche backyard - continuous curtis walk back out to the storm shelter , key in hand , long flashlight in he back pocket . he pull up the padlock that hold the two rusted door together . pop off the rubber cover , he try a key . the lock pop up . he unhook it from the door and let it fall to the ground . curtis strain to pull the first door open . it 's heavy and stick from lack of use . finally , with a creak , the door swing back . 24 . curtis hold he head to the side , a musty odor come from inside . he force the second door open . curtis stand in front of the shelter , a gape black hole angle up from the earth . he take the flashlight from he pocket and turn it on . it illuminate concrete step lead down . the dog , nose at the fence , watch from he pen on the other side of the yard . curtis enter the shelter . int . STORM shelter - continuous it 's pitch black inside . curtis make he way down the step and hold out the flashlight . a assortment of trash on the ground , empty can and water bottle , some candy wrapper . the whole shelter be only about 6 ' X 8 ' . his head fit fine , but he still duck like he might bump it . he shine the light on the back wall . a rotted , wooden bench be bolt into the concrete there . curtis walk to it and take a seat . he 's look back toward the step now . a shaft of light cut a strict beam through the open door , lighting only the concrete entry . curtis take in the quiet of the concrete box . he lean he head back on the wall and close he eye . he shut off he flashlight . Left in the dark , he take a deep breath . exhales slowly . int . den - night news anchor ( on television ) while rescue worker make several attempt to reach the family , walter Jacobs wife ... curtis sit in he lazyboy bent over a freeze dinner . he watch the local news on tv . samantha walk in with a glass of milk and some oreos , a magazine tuck under she arm . int . kitchen - night samantha take a tin down from the top of the fridge . it have design of starfish and other ocean creature on it . 25 . she set the tin on the counter next to the tackle box she use as a cash register and yell to curtis in the de . samantha but that 's what I do not understand . if he do not do anything why do you put he out back ? samantha count out the money earn at the flea market . she set a portion aside and close the tackle box . curtis say something , but it 's inaudible . samantha ( cont 'd ) what ? she open the tin and remove a envelope with the word " beach " write on it in black sharpie . samantha add the money to the envelope and put up the jar . she open the fridge and take out the milk . samantha ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? I say if he do not do anything why do you have to put he outside ? curtis ' attention be on the tv . samantha sit on the couch . curtis I just want he to be outside for awhile . samantha he 's you dog . he 's always be a inside dog . curtis he 's my dog , and that 's why he 's outside . right now with Hannah and everything I just think it would be better . samantha Hannah love Red . curtis hold on . curtis stare at the television program . samantha 's eye narrow . frustrate , she flip open she magazine . news anchor ... the gas cloud spread across they six acre property . ( more ) 26 . news anchor ( cont 'd ) the only way off they land be across the train track which be block by wreckage . walter jacob ( from a hospital bed ) I try use some wet rag and towel to breathe through but that just seem to make it worse . news anchor while rescue worker make several attempt to reach the family , walter Jacobs ' wife and brother - in - law die in the home . Jacobs survive despite endure eleven hour of exposure to the gas cloud before finally be fly out by helicopter . curtis you hearin ' this ? her nose still in the magazine . samantha it 's awful . curtis eleven hour . no way out . samantha shake she head . curtis watch the footage of walter Jacobs . he watch he red rimmed eye . the deep line in he face . int . laforche home - day it 's daytime , but the house feel dark from the storm blow outside . the SOUND of rain pelt the window and roof . curtis , dress for work , walk from he bedroom down the hallway . he pass the de and stop at its entryway . in the den , Hannah sit on the couch with she back to he . she 's on she knee look out one of the front window . a dull orange glow halos from the bank of window . what sunlight there be appear diffuse by the dark , thick rain smear down the outside of the glass . a thunder strike . 27 . curtis flinch . he show concern as heavier rain begin batter the house . the wind pick up make wood beam creak on they foundation . curtis Hannah . Hannah do not move . she continue stare out the window . the SOUND of the storm outside intensify . window begin to rattle in they frame . curtis walk over and reach for Hannah but be startle by the sight of a man' face just outside the window . Hannah and the man have be stare at one another . the man , hollow eye and pale , move out of the window and out of sight . curtis ( cont 'd ) hey ! Thunder crack overhead . curtis scoops Hannah into he arm and head out of the room . bang . the front door rattles . curtis stop and turn back . bang . bang . the SOUND of someone kick at the front door . the storm outside have grow to a deafen pitch . the power go out . the entire house vibrate , like a freight train run across the roof . the banging at the front door continue , frame give way , as the STORM reach its apex . curtis , hold Hannah , kneel and brace himself in the entryway to the de . he cover the back of Hannah 's head with he hand and squeeze she tight into he shoulder . then silence . a stillness . the rain stop . no more bang at the front door . the SUN move brightly though the front window . woosh . the furniture in the de lift off the ground . a couch , lazyboy , coffee table and lamp . it all hang in the air , float for a moment . quietly . curtis watch , eye wide . a rumbling . grow . the sunlight vanish . smash ! the sound of the storm be suck back into the room as the furniture crash to the floor , break apart on impact . 28 . the window blow out . curtis squeeze he eye shut and pivot he body , try to protect Hannah . shard of glass splinter across he face . int . bedroom - day curtis gasp for air . it do not come . gasp . he 's suck for a breath . hyperventilate . he rise up in bed , gasp . his face flushed and head soak in sweat . his eye dart around the room , frantically search he surroundings . one more gasp , and air enter he lung . he cough . more air . Long , deep breath . he 's calming down . his breathe come under control . his attention turn to something else . something under the sheet . curtis pull back the bed sheet . the mattress be soak in yellow urine . this scare he . his hand tremble as he reach out to touch he wet boxer . the toilet flush . footstep in heel . curtis quickly pull the cover back up . samantha enter the bedroom . she pull she hair into a tight ponytail and pick earring off a nearby dresser , she back to curtis . curtis Babe ? samantha yeah ? curtis you get the number for Dr. shannan ? she turn . samantha you be still not feel good ? curtis yeah , but you get the number ? samantha uh , yeah baby but he will be close today . she approach the bed and he hold he hand out . 29 . curtis right . yeah . I will call tomorrow . samantha honey if you be not feel good we take you in somewhere . she walk closer to the bed . curtis no. stop ! she 's take aback . samantha okay . do you want I to cancel lunch today ... curtis shit ... samantha what be that ? curtis I be sorry . I be sorry . it 's just I get a sore throat . I be sorry I be take it out on you . samantha I be gonna leave Hannah with you so I could go to church , but I be not go to with you like this . curtis it 's fine . I will be fine . samantha no . she need breakfast . curtis ( stern ) I have get it . samantha I be sorry that you feel bad but you need to drop the attitude . curtis come on . just go . samantha what 's wrong with you ? curtis I be sorry , I be sorry . just go . 30 . samantha Hannah 's in the de . we have cereal for she . samantha stomp out of the room . curtis sigh . he halfway lift the sheet then let it fall again . int . bedroom - later curtis strip the sheet off the bed . int . hallway - day the laundry room be a stackable set squeeze into a closet off the hallway . curtis load the sheet into the washer and press start . watch the clothes spin , a think . int . den - day curtis push Hannah 's shoe onto she foot . he stop with the shoe to concentrate . he move he index finger from one shoulder to the other and speak . curtis we be go out . confused , she slice she finger down a open palm . curtis ( cont 'd ) ( with open palm ) we be go out . okay ? it 's okay . ext . grafton public library - day curtis lead Hannah up the front walk of the grafton Public Library . it 's a one -story brick building with 1960' architecture . the parking lot be nearly empty behind they . int . grafton public library - continuous curtis hold the glass front door open for Hannah . they stop in the entryway and survey the library . there be only a few people , one of which be the librarian sit behind a central desk . it be a open room with cinder block wall paint in brightly color shape . 31 . curtis find the child 's section to the leave and lead Hannah over . she take a seat at a kid 's size table as curtis grab a dinosaur book from a nearby display . kneel in front of she , curtis show she the book and motion with open hand to the ground . curtis you stay put okay ? Hannah begin look through the book . curtis stand , he see a set of computer under a sign read , " catalogue " . at the computer , curtis take a seat in front of one of the two computer set up on a fold table . he eye the search screen . title , author , subject . he click on " subject " and type the word " dream " . he scroll through a list of title and write down a number . he look back for Hannah . she 's still flipping through she book . no one else be around . he begin another search . he type " mental illness " . at the book shelve , curtis scan the spine look for he title . he already hold two book against he chest . he pull out a thick hard cover book . the title read , " understand mental illness . " I /e. curtis ' truck / grafton street - moving - day Hannah be once again strapped into she car seat . she hold a big child 's book in she hand . they pass a grocery store . curtis turn as it go by . the truck pull a u-turn in the street and head for the store parking lot . int . grocery store - day curtis push a cart down the aisle . Hannah ride in the fold down metal seat . they stop at the bottled water section . curtis load several plastic , gallon jug of water into he cart . the cart be fill with a assortment of supplies : battery , can food , first aid supplies , match . 32 . int . laforche home / dine room - day samantha sit in the dining room at a fully dress table . steam rise off bowl of mashed potato and green bean . fry chicken pile on a platter . melvin ( 58 ) tap he finger on the empty plate in front of he and subtly check he watch . janine ( 57 ) smooth out the embroider table cloth . kathryn ( 37 ) and charlie ( 39 ) tend to they child , rex ( 3 ) . rex repeatedly jam a finger into the potato . samantha let 's just start . melvin let 's all join hand for the bless . the SOUND of the front door open . samantha get up and leave the room . by the front door , curtis have Hannah in he arm . he close the door . samantha appear behind they . she speak in a hushed , angry voice . samantha where the hell have you be ? curtis I know . I be sorry . I have to run a errand . samantha you be really late . curtis I know . samantha you do not even bring you cell phone . samantha head back to the dining room . curtis suck he tooth . int . laforche home / dine room - later potato dallop , chicken pass , the table be active with the family serve and eat . curtis watch it all , somehow separate from it . he 's exhaust . 33. melvin miss you at church this mornin ' curtis . samantha dad . melvin he know what to do if he want I to stop askin' . curtis look at he . curtis be it a good service ? melvin it be . it be good work . curtis nod . the family in front of he eat the meal . curtis I be think about clean up that storm shelter out back . they look at he . int . laforche home / hallway - evening Light from the open closet door cut a shape in the relatively dark hallway . curtis root through the back of the closet . int . STORM shelter - series of image - night - curtis sweep the concrete floor of the storm shelter . a coleman camp lantern sit on the wooden bench attach to the back wall . it cast a odd light up into the room . - curtis place can of food onto metal shelf . - curtis flip through key on he key ring . he add the two small padlock key to the ring . int . bedroom - night samantha sit on the bed in she pajamas apply lotion to she leg . she wipe the remainder on she knuckle and look at the empty spot on curtis ' side of the bed . 34 . int . kitchen - continuous samantha walk into the kitchen and turn off the overhead light . she pause , see something in the backyard . she stop at the back door and stare out at the storm shelter . the camp lantern 's orange light glow through the open metal door . she watch for a moment . int . STORM shelter - continuous the shelter have be clean up . the metal shelf hold can food , water jug and first aid supplies . blanket and pillow be stack on the other side of the room . curtis sit in the back corner of the shelter on the wooden bench . he flip through one of the book from the library . the cover read , " dream analysis and interpretation " . the book on mental illness sit by he foot . int . doctor' office / reception area - day the Doctor 's Office be a convert one-story residential house . curtis slouches in a faux leather chair group in the small reception area . he have nodd off . his head snap up . he suck air through he nose and sit up in he chair . he see a woman ( 25 ) read a child 's book aloud to she daughter ( 3 ) on a colorful rug in the corner . a door open and a nurse with a clipboard step out . nurse curtis ? curtis stand and follow the nurse out of the room . int . doctor' office / exam room - day curtis sit , fully clothed , on the edge of a paper cover bench in the exam room . doctor shannan , a older man with a smoker 's voice , enter smile and give a firm handshake . doctor shannan curtis , how you doin ' bud ? curtis hey doc. doctor shannan how 's my girl ? 35 . the Doctor turn to a small table in the corner and grab a wooden tongue depressor and a otoscope from a drawer . curtis she 's good . doctor shannan that 's good to hear . tilt you head back for I . the Doctor shine the otoscope into he nostril . curtis I do not have a cold . the Doctor pause and turn to check a chart on the table . doctor shannan oh . do she get that down wrong ? curtis no , I just tell she that . doctor shannan oh . so what 's the problem ? curtis I have be havin ' ... I have be have some trouble sleepin' . I be hopin ' you could give I something ' for it . Doctor shannan take a seat on a roll stool and process the request . doctor shannan how long 's this be goin ' on ? curtis ` Bout four night now . doctor shannan you be not sleepin ' at all ? curtis well some , but real restless . doctor shannan well , I think four night be a little too soon to tell . my advice would be to not eat or drink anything after 8 o'clock at night . cut back on any alcoholic drink , tobacco , caffeine ... get some daily exercise . 36 . curtis well , I think ... curtis be not sure how much he want to say . curtis ( cont 'd ) I think I may need to try some medication . doctor shannan why do you say that ? curtis ( still reluctant ) the reason I have be have trouble sleep be because of some dream I have be havin ' . I do not think it be anything at first , but then the other day I wake up and the bed be wet . doctor shannan you urinate in you bed ? curtis yeah . couple day before that I have a dream that my dog attack I and it take all day for the pain in my arm to go away . Doctor shannan lean he back against the table and think about this . doctor shannan you be to see you mother lately ? he swivel the stool around and write on a prescription pad . curtis it 's be about a month . he tear two sheet off and hold the first out to curtis . doctor shannan okay . this be a prescription for a pretty mild sedative . it 's non - habit form , but I be only give you enough for a few day anyway . take it and see if it help . in the meantime , ( hold up the other slip ) this be the number of a good friend of mine in Columbus . he 's a psychiatrist . it 's a drive , but he 's the best I know . 37 . curtis okay . doctor shannan I will give he a call and let he know you will be down to see he . curtis all right . ext . pump station construction site / farmland - day the construction site sit in the middle of open farmland but be considerably more involved than curtis ' last job site . dump truck , backhoe and cement mixer roll and beep across muddy ground . a 20 man crew operate throughout . near the well drilling rig , dewart push down a lever that activate the hydraulic lift for the drill . curtis appear behind he . curtis hey dewart ! dewart ( half turning ) what you say curtis ? curtis not much . curtis kneel at the ground beside the rig . sift dirt through he finger . dewart they want we to get a pilot hole drill by lunch . I figure worse come to worse we can eat on the rig . curtis yeah , we will get it do . weekend all right ? dewart yeah . same old shit . ext . pump station construction site / farmland - later it 's lunchtime . the man sit around in different group eat out of bag lunch . curtis eat a sandwich and watch the man . some bitching . other laugh . 38 . wind blow through a wood area nearby . he watch the leave move . he look to the sky . it 's a beautiful day . almost peaceful . ext . shepherd insurance office - day the insurance office sit in a row of small downtown building . insurance agent ( o.s. ) no . I need the name of the specialist whose diagnosis you ' will accept . int . shepherd insurance office - day a insurance agent ( 62 ) sit behind she desk with the phone to she ear . she 's a older woman wear a pant suit . samantha sit by a fake plant and sip a Coke . she watch Hannah play with building block from a plastic tub provide by the office . insurance agent ( into the phone ) no. look it . I have tell you this twice . please . just get I the name and or the approval code . ( beat ) okay . the agent write something down . insurance agent ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) all right . and the phone . well great . thank you very much . the agent hang up the phone and rip a piece of paper from the pad in front of she . she hand it to samantha . insurance agent ( cont 'd ) this be the name and number of the specialist who the insurance company approve of . just call and make a appointment . now if this doctor sign off , you should have the implant procedure fully cover . I be sorry it take so long . samantha look at the paper , impressed . samantha can I give you a hug ? 39 . insurance agent it 's fine . it 's fine . you know you husband 's company actually have very good insurance when it kick in . not a lot of job offer policy half as good . you be very lucky . int . grocery store pharmacy - day curtis stand in line at the pharmacy locate in the back corner of the grocery store . he approach the counter and hand over he prescription to a female pharmacist . she disappear behind a divider as curtis remove he wallet . he take out a insurance card and run he thumb over the bill . the pharmacist return with a staple white bag . curtis hold out the insurance card . pharmacist that 's okay . we have you insurance on file . that will be $ 47.64 . curtis what 's the co-pay ? pharmacist that be you co-pay . curtis study the small paper sack and remove three , 20 dollar bill from he wallet . int . laforche home - evening curtis enter the front door , close it behind he . he turn and be meet by samantha , who wrap she arm around he . curtis hey . she squeeze he . then kiss he . samantha I love you . curtis I love you too . samantha I have good news . 40 . int . kitchen - later curtis finish off a dinner of roast and potato . samantha set the piece of paper the insurance agent give she in front of he and begin clear the table . Hannah draw on a piece of construction paper at the other end of the table . samantha pick up a crayon and show it to Hannah . samantha Green ? how `bout a red ? she pretend to use the crayon as lipstick . samantha ( cont 'd ) it be like talk to a sane person for once . she make one phone call . that 's it . I have be try that 800 number for week . curtis it 's great . it 's great . ( to hannah ) hey , Hannah . Hannah do not look up . he stand and go over to she . touches she shoulder and kneel beside she . curtis ( cont 'd ) you excited ? huh ? we be gonna get you some help . curtis touch he finger to she chest then stop . he can not think of the sign . he turn to samantha . curtis ( cont 'd ) how do you say ... sign excited ? samantha like this . samantha show he the sign . curtis mimic . curtis excite . yeah ? Hannah nod . he kiss she on the forehead . he pick up a crayon and hold it up to she lip like lipstick . curtis ( cont 'd ) now I get to do you . 41 . int . bedroom - night samantha lie under the cover look at a real estate magazine . curtis take off he clothes by the dresser . he subtly remove a prescription bottle from he pants pocket and cup it in he palm . samantha oh , honey . look at this one . it 's a 2 - 1 and it sit directly on the beach . would not that be great ? we would not have to worry about Hannah crossing traffic . curtis walk over and lean in to see the page . they be rental photo of beach condo . curtis what 's the rent ? samantha eight ninety nine a week . curtis that sound real nice . samantha keep flipping through the magazine as curtis head to the bathroom . int . bathroom - continuous curtis turn the water on in the sink and shake two pill from the orange bottle . he stuff they in he mouth and chase it with water from the faucet . curtis look at himself in the mirror for a moment before cut out the light . int . bedroom - morning a crack in the ceiling slowly come into focus . curtis sit up in bed , rub he eye . he look around the room . he hear samantha in the kitchen . he take a deep breath , smell the breakfast cooking . curtis smile . int . kitchen - moment later curtis sit at the kitchen table as samantha dish up some egg . 42 . samantha you sleep well ? curtis yeah . I do . samantha you look like you be feel better . curtis nod and eat he breakfast . ext . pump station construction site / farmland - day curtis and dewart attach a drill bit to the rig . curtis you want I to come there and do it for you ? Jesus . curtis steady the large metal piece as dewart ratchet it down . curtis ( cont 'd ) hey , how much food do you think you would need to live on for a week ? dewart what do you mean ? curtis I mean to stay alive . what do you think you would need ? dewart not a lot . curtis you think ? dewart I do not know . you hear about people livin ' for day all the time offa bark and melt snow . curtis I have never hear of that . dewart shit I do not know . you ask the question . curtis it 's on there . it 's on . come on . 43. curtis step back from the arm of the drill . dewart tap the wrench on two bolt to make sure they be secure . a loud boom rattle . thunder . curtis flinch at the sound . curtis ( cont 'd ) dammit . dewart what ? curtis turn around and check the sky . it 's clear blue . not a cloud in sight . curtis it sound like thunder . dewart what sound like thunder ? boom . another thunder strike . curtis do not move . he watch dewart walk to the control of the drilling rig . more thunder . rolling now . curtis step back from the rig and check the horizon . nothing . it 's a beautiful day . dewart look down at he . curtis ' face be pale , scared . curtis look at he . not sure what to say . curtis turn and walk to he truck . dewart ( cont 'd ) where you goin ' ? curtis . where you goin ' ? by curtis ' truck , curtis stop and rest he hand on the bed of the truck . another thunder strike make he flinch . curtis vomit next to the back tire . he quickly stand , wiping he mouth . he check over he shoulder to see if anyone have see he . I /e. curtis ' truck / rural highway - moving - day curtis study he face in the rearview mirror as he sail down the rural highway . 44 . he rub he eye with the back of he hand and look in the side mirror . the horizon be still clear . curtis begin to hyperventilate . short breath accompany by cold sweat . suck air . he can not breath . he panic . the truck tire slide on the gravel shoulder as he abruptly slam on the brake and steer off the highway . Dust settles outside as curtis begin to get he breathe under control . he rest he head on the steering wheel and shut he eye tight . everything quiet down . his breathe . the road . no more thunder . curtis look out he passenger window . his truck have stop in front of a tractor trailer Depot . a rusted shipping container with giant white letter paint on it read , " container for sale " . curtis stare at this . he climb out of the truck . ext . trailer depot - continuous curtis walk around he truck to get a better look at the depot . the dirt lot be pile high with container . he study the " for sale " sign , then a smaller sign next to it that list available size . curtis turn back to he truck and rub he face , still shaking thing off . he look up at the sky . clear and blue . a think come to he . he check he watch . I /e. curtis ' truck / interstate - day curtis drive down a divide four-lane interstate . ext . pleasant grove apartment - day curtis ' truck pull into the parking lot of the pleasant Grove Apartments . it 's a well manicure , new construction facility . the word " a assisted live community " be write under the apartment name on the sign out front . int . assisted live apartment / hallway - day curtis stand by the door for apartment 212 in a interior carpete hallway . he knock . 45 . a pass attendant guide a elderly woman down the hallway . curtis nod to they . the door open . sarah ( 61 ) , a plainly dress woman much too young to live in a nursing home , look surprised . sarah curtis . curtis hey Mom . her eye light up and she wrap she arm around curtis . sarah come in . curtis sure . she lead he inside . int . sarah' apartment - continuous the apartment be small , but nicely keep . not much furniture or personal trapping . frame family photo mostly . curtis I be go to get some water . he fill he glass at the sink . take a sip . curtis ( cont 'd ) you want some ? sarah no . curtis enter the live area as Sarah stop in the kitchenette . int . sarah' apartment - moment later Sarah run she finger around the bent edge of a small photo of Hannah . sarah be not she lovely . curtis drop he head . he look uncomfortable . curtis Mom ? 46 . sarah yes . curtis I need to ask you somethin' . she look at he . totally open . curtis ( cont 'd ) do you remember what year we bring you up here ? to the first place . she have to think about it . curtis ( cont 'd ) it be ` 86 . sarah yes . because Kyle be go to be a senior . curtis I be 10 . sarah yes . curtis nod . curtis can you remember what happen before you get diagnose ? sarah what do you mean ? curtis I mean ... I just want to know how it all start . before you have to leave . Sarah settles in she chair , understanding the question . sarah oh , I do not know . I remember it be a real stressful time . you father be go a lot , and I could not handle thing on my own . curtis do you ever have any dream ? like bad dream . sarah no. nothing like that . there be always ... ( more ) 47 . sarah ( cont 'd ) ( search for the word ) there be always a panic that take hold of I . I think people be watch I or listen to I . I ... Sarah be remember . her face draw tight , frustrated . curtis it 's all right . it 's all right . it 's fine . Sarah look up and smile . her focus shift back to she son . sarah be you okay ? curtis yeah . yeah . I be fine . Sarah look back down to Hannah 's photo . ext . gas station - late afternoon the relatively new gas station sit just off the interstate . curtis stand at the pump fill up he truck . he watch the number next to the dollar sign roll higher . he look back at the busy freeway . Cars pass . the pump stop . the final amount read , " $ 68.79 " . he hang the hose back onto the pump and pull a cell phone from he pocket . he dial and wait . curtis ( into the phone ) May I have the number for Doctor George shannan ? ( wait ) thanks . curtis , phone still at he ear , turn and watch the horizon . the sun hang low in the sky . a reddish haze . curtis ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) hi , be Doctor shannan there ? May I speak with he ? this be curtis laforche . ( wait ) hey doc. yeah , sorry ... sorry to call you at home , I just do not think I can make it to Columbus to see that psychiatrist . yeah , it 's just too far . be there somewhere local you can send I ? 48 . int . bedroom - night curtis step quietly into the bedroom . the light be on , but samantha have fall asleep on top of the make bed . he empty he pocket on the dresser and samantha wake up . samantha hey . curtis oh , hey . sorry I wake you up . samantha it 's okay . where you be ? curtis I go to see mom . samantha sit up in the bed . samantha be she okay ? curtis mmm hmm . I just want to check up on she . samantha you shoulda tell I we would have go with you . curtis that 's okay . samantha lay back down , tucking herself under the cover . samantha come to bed . curtis I will in a bit . curtis finish empty he pocket . int . hannah's bedroom - night Hannah sleep soundly in she bed . curtis stand at the door watch she . he walk over and take a seat on the edge of the bed . he listen to she breath . ext . laforche backyard - night the backyard be almost pitch black . curtis stand in front of the storm shelter door hold out the coleman lantern . 49 . he survey the backyard with it . the trash pile have be remove leave the yard more open . curtis begin to count step out from the leave edge of the shelter door . he count to himself , three foot per stride . he begin to outline a rectangle . int . den - night the house be quiet and the de be light by a single lamp . curtis sit alone on the couch , hunch over the coffee table . he write on a yellow legal pad . it 's a list with the head , " remodel " . it read : - ship container , $ 1,800 - pvc , $ 475 - plumb and waste , $ 1,650 - bobcat , $ 1,750 - jackhammer with pneumatics , $ 800 - sealant , $ 150 - dirt , - $ 250 at the bottom of the list , curtis write the figure , " $ 7,500 " and circle it . he study the number , then begin draw a rectangular diagram below it . int . first national bank office - day curtis blow into a styrofoam cup and stare through the blind of a office window . outside , a flag snap at the top of a pole next to the first national bank sign . he look down at a newspaper laid out on a end table next to he . he flip it over and study the ad on the back . a big one in the corner catch he eye . it read , " cuyahoga gun and knife show ! " the ad list item for sell / trade : ... tactical gear , Gas mask , baton ... curtis focus in on the word " Gas mask " and tear the ad out . JOHN myer ( 34 ) enter with a set of papers in he hand . curtis quickly tuck the ad into he back pocket . myer take a seat in one of two chair in front of he desk and look over the papers . he take a pen out of he pocket as curtis sit down next to he . myer well you have keep up with the payment on the house . 50 . curtis we have be good about that . myer nod , but he carry a look of concern . he confide . myer I gotta tell you curtis , bank be not loaning money the way they use to . we have get you a loan today , but the interest rate be variable and we have to tie it to you house . curtis that 's fine . myer sit back , draw the pen to he lip and tapping it . myer curtis , I have know you a long time . we finance you house for you , two vehicle . I be tell you this be a risky loan you be take . curtis I need the money John . myer nod , then lean forward and click the pen . myer okay . ext . first national bank - day curtis open the door to he truck which be park in the bank 's lot . he unbutton he starch white shirt and place it on the truck seat . he pull out a dirty blue work shirt and begin buttone it . ext . pump station construction site / farmland - day dewart sit at the control of the drilling rig . he see curtis approach through the construction site . curtis wave two finger at he . dewart shut down the drill . curtis hey . dewart hey . curtis sorry I leave you yesterday . 51 . dewart hop down and the two approach the drill site . dewart seem sullen . dewart Jim come by . I cover for you . curtis thanks . dewart I need you help with the depth chart . curtis sure . ext . pump station construction site / farmland - later curtis and dewart sit on the drilling rig eat lunch . dewart fuckin ' nat put I in charge of fry oyster for that lion Club supper . curtis you need another burner ? dewart yeah , if you still get yours I could use it . curtis you think you could help I with somethin' ? dewart whatta you need ? curtis I be gonna build out the tornado shelter in my backyard . I could use some help . dewart the hell you wanna do that for ? curtis just need to be do . dewart eye he , unsure . dewart what do you need ? 52 . curtis I figure I will do it on Saturday , borrow some equipment from work . dewart you sure about that ? curtis I just need a backhoe , a hauler . I will rent the rest . dewart stare off into the distance . he notice curtis look at he , wait for a answer . dewart yeah . whatever . I will help . curtis thanks . dewart you all right man ? curtis what do you mean ? dewart I just do not wanna see you fuck up . curtis I be not . ext . trailer depot - late afternoon curtis stand and talk with a man in the middle of the tractor trailer Depot just off the highway . the man point to a row of shipping container and use he hand to mimic how one would be lower . they shake hand and curtis walk away . ext . community health CENTER - day the Community Health Center be a one - level , age brick building . int . community health CENTER / lobby - continuous curtis sit in the lobby fill out a clipboard full of form and questionnaire . Light traffic flow in and out . he flip a page over . the section head read , " family Medical History " . curtis begin to write . 53. int . community health CENTER / hallway - later curtis reference a slip of paper as he look for a room number in a long , linoleum tile hallway ; a book and note pad tuck under he arm . he find the correct door ajar and knock . kendra ( o.s. ) come in . int . kendra' office - continuous kendra ( 42 ) , a black woman with short hair , sit behind a public issue desk in a public issue office . a poster about flu shot hang on the wall . there be no personal decor . kendra hi. curtis hello . she half stand and offer a hand . kendra have a seat . I be kendra . curtis curtis . curtis shake and they sit . kendra open a manila folder . kendra I be gonna start by askin ' you some question . curtis okay . I already answer all the question on the form . kendra yeah , I know . I look at `em , but I need to get a profile start on you . curtis right . well ... curtis slide the yellow legal pad out of the book he bring . it 's the library book on mental illness . curtis ( cont 'd ) out of the five possible symptom need to be diagnose with schizophrenia : ( more ) 54 . curtis ( cont 'd ) ( read off the pad ) delusion , hallucination , disorganize speech , disorganize behavior , and the negative symptom , I have have two . delusion and hallucination . but they say it have to continue for six month to be diagnose schizophrenia and mine have not be goin ' on anywhere near that long . so , I take this quiz in the back of the book and I score a five out of a possible twenty . schizophrenia start at twelve . so , they say it might be a ... ( read off the pad ) brief psychotic disorder . whatever it be , I need to know what to do or what to get on to get this thing under control . kendra stare at he . kendra look . I be a counselor . certify , but I be not a psychiatrist . I can not prescribe anything to you . I can talk to you , I can recommend where to send you , but that 's it . curtis begin to gather he thing . kendra ( cont 'd ) now that say , if you want to talk , I will listen . for a lot of people that 's a good start . curtis hesitates . kendra ( cont 'd ) now you say here that you mother be diagnose with paranoid schizophrenia in she thirty . and you be at 35 . you wanna talk about that ? curtis settles in he seat . set he book on the floor . curtis yeah , I do not know my mother 's symptom . I be just 10 . my brother be 17 . and , uh ... I do not know . she just leave I in the car in the parking lot at the grocery store one day . and she do not come back . and then they find she a week later eatin ' trash out of a dumpster in northern kentucky . ( more ) 55 . curtis ( cont 'd ) my dad have to put she in the state hospital in Columbus . and she 's be in assist live ever since . yep . my dad raise I . he die last April . kendra nod , a pleasant look on she face . kendra so tell I `bout this dream . curtis study she face , bite at the inside of he cheek . int . special education classroom - night the class have finish . parent and kide trickle out . samantha stand off to the side speak with the teacher . samantha I do not know what we schedule will be , but ... teacher that 's all right . but I really do think you should continue with the sign language . and any additional therapy that kid need for the cochlear implant . samantha absolutely . teacher okay . good night . samantha good night . as samantha talk to the teacher , curtis look over flashcard with Hannah . he sign " sunshine " , a circle in the sky with the hand then come down , finger spread . I /e. samantha's car / interstate - night curtis drive while samantha and Hannah sleep in the back . surround farmland drop quickly into darkness join a purple sky in the distance . through the passenger window , a streak of lightning break across the horizon . then another . curtis , see this , reposition to get a better look through the window . it 's horizontal lightning that appear to leap from cloud to cloud . well define bolt that strobe the night sky silhouett tower thunderhead . 56 . curtis look back to samantha and Hannah , still asleep . he pull the car over to the shoulder of the interstate and continue watch . he climb out . on the shoulder of the interstate , Cars rush by as curtis gently close the car door . keeping he eye on the lightning storm , he walk to the shoulder . it 's a fantastic display of light . hurried and intense . a bolt of lightning reach down to the ground . spark pop off the earth in the distance . another bolt streak down , get closer . curtis see the traffic continue to pass by at full speed . curtis ( to himself ) be anyone see this ? curtis walk to the back window of the car and see samantha sleep inside . he reach out to knock but stop himself . he turn back to the lightning and watch . int . delta agri - pro MAIN office - day the giant roll door curl up in the Delta agri-pro warehouse . sunlight bounce off the finish concrete . curtis pull the chain for the door as dewart slam the tow latch down on the back of a dump truck . I /e. flea market / laforche home - series of image - day - the dump truck and tow trailer sit park on the street in front of curtis ' house . dewart stand at the back of the trailer with he hand on the ramp lever as curtis reverse a backhoe onto the street . - samantha work she booth at the flea market . Hannah neatly organize a collection of color bead on the floor . - a 20 foot rectangle have be outline in bright orange paint next to the storm shelter in curtis ' backyard . other color marking denote gas and water line . the bucket on the backhoe dig into the center of the dot rectangle . - dewart maneuver the backhoe 's bucket and drop a load of earth into the bed of the dump truck . Red , the dog , bark at the loud machinery from he pen . 57 . - curtis use a smaller trench digging machine on the backside of the yard , radiating out from the main dig site . he notice a neighbor watch he from they yard next door . - samantha tally cash from the tackle box she use as a register . Hannah count out the change . - dewart assemble a series of pvc pipe next to the trenches curtis dig . - curtis , work goggle on , stand in a head deep hole hold a pneumatic jack hammer up to the expose exterior wall of the storm shelter . he begin hammer . ext . laforche home - late afternoon samantha 's car pull up and park on the opposite side of the street from they house . she get out , puzzle by the backhoe and trailer park in front of she house . huge light brown track of dirt stripe the concrete driveway . lead Hannah by the hand , samantha follow the track to the backyard . in the backyard , samantha stop , mouth agape , stunne by what she see . a 20 foot by 8 foot wide hole that be 10 foot deep sit in the middle of she yard . smaller trenches lead out from it . dewart lean against the propane tank in the back corner of the yard . he dig dirt from underneath he fingernails with a pocket knife . see samantha , he wave a hand . curtis ' head appear from the hole . he stop when he see samantha . they stare at one another . he can see she surprise . he continue up the ladder and walk over to she . dewart watch from the back of the yard . curtis hey . it 's all right . calm down . samantha take Hannah into the house without say a word . curtis ( cont 'd ) samantha . samantha be you out of you mind ? she continue into the house . curtis turn , frustrated . dewart take this in , then go back to he nail . 58 . int . laforche home - night Hannah watch television in the de by herself . in the bedroom , samantha sit on the edge of the bed . curtis stand a few pace back . his hand dig into the back of he dusty jeans . samantha not a word . you do not say one word about this to I . do not you think you owe I that ? do not you think that you might respect I enough to at least consider what I have to say ? curtis I do not want you worryin ' about it . samantha well I be worried curtis . how be you pay for all that ? curtis I get a home improvement loan from the bank . samantha be stunne . she stand and get in he face . samantha how could you do that without talk to I ? you know the expense we have comin ' up . you want to waste money on a stupid tornado shelter ? curtis I be doin ' it ... I be doin ' it for we . I know you do not understand . samantha you be right . I do not understand . I do not understand half the stuff you have be doin ' lately . I do not understand you puttin ' Red out back . I do not understand you stayin ' up all night in that stupid tornado shelter . you do not come to bed half the time . you leave and do not tell I where you be goin' . explain that to I . please . tell I something that help I understand why you be bein ' like this . 59 . curtis can not look at she . he try to find word but fail . curtis there 's nothin ' to explain . samantha stare at he face , search for a answer . she 's on the verge of tear . curtis ( cont 'd ) I be gonna go put Hannah to bed . curtis walk out of the room . samantha can not hold back , tear run down she face . int . bathroom - night curtis stare at himself in the mirror . he open the bottle of prescription pill and shake out two . look at they . shake out another three . he pop the pill in he mouth and drink from the faucet . int . bedroom - night it 's dark and quiet in the house . samantha sleep on she side , she back to curtis . her head be jostle . more . the bed begin to vibrate . her eye open . she turn over to see curtis . he 's have a seizure . samantha reach for he . eye close , he body convulse violently . samantha quickly turn on a bedside lamp . samantha curtis ! she touch he arm . a small amount of blood begin to trickle from both side of he mouth . samantha ( cont 'd ) baby . oh , my god. baby ... oh , my god. baby . samantha jump off the bed and grab a cordless phone on the dresser . she dial , watch she husband continue to shake . samantha ( cont 'd ) I need a ambulance ! my husband 's have a seizure . 41800 tindale Road . hurry up . he 's bleed ! samantha go over to he . holding she hand out , cautious to touch he . 60 . samantha ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) okay . okay . samantha put the phone receiver down on the nightstand . the Operator 's voice still come through . she touch he arm . suddenly , the seizure stop . curtis ' body be still . samantha freeze . his eye open and he thrashes up in bed . samantha jump , trip and stumbling backward . curtis suck short breath into he lung . his head dart back and forth , eye wild . he see samantha stare up at he from the floor . he begin to calm down . curtis touch he mouth . see the blood there . samantha ( cont 'd ) honey ? samantha stand up and go over to he . she sit on the edge of the bed and touch he arm . she 's scared . samantha ( cont 'd ) honey ? be you okay ? curtis slowly nod . samantha ( cont 'd ) you be have a seizure . I call a ambulance . curtis see the phone on the nightstand and grab it . curtis ( into the phone ) no . it 's fine . it 's fine . do not send a ambulance . it 's fine . curtis click off the phone . samantha what be you do ? curtis wrap he arm around she . he hold she tight . the SOUND of ambulance siren approach from the distance . samantha speak , she voice tremble . samantha ( cont 'd ) baby what 's goin ' on ? 61 . ext . laforche home - night the ambulance light splash across the house . curtis escort two emt down the front walk . he favor he leave leg , walk with a slight limp . curtis I be sorry you fellow have to come all the way out . emt it 's what we do . now we can still take you in if you want a doctor to look at that cut in you mouth . curtis yeah . that 's all right .. I will see somebody on Monday . emt all right . curtis thanks . curtis shake they hand . he turn to walk back in the house and notice neighbor watch from they porch . int . kitchen - night curtis turn up a bottle of peroxide and swishes it in he mouth . it burn . he spit into the kitchen sink . samantha sit at the table watch he . concerned , scared . she hold a ball up tissue in she hand . curtis take a seat across the table . she wait for he to say something . curtis I have not be honest with you . I be sorry . samantha what 's goin ' on ? curtis I have be havin ' this dream . I guess they be more like nightmare . it 's why I have be actin ' like this . samantha listen with a furrow brow . curtis ( cont 'd ) they always start with a kind of storm . like a real powerful storm . ( more ) 62 . curtis ( cont 'd ) and there 's always this dark , thick rain . like fresh motor oil . and then the thing , people , it just make `em crazy . they attack I . sometimes they go after Hannah . first one I have Red nearly chew through my arm . samantha that 's why you put he out back ? curtis yeah . samantha what be the dream ? tonight . curtis it be dewart . we be at the job site . the storm start and something ' happen . his face . his eye be different . he come after I with a pick ax . and we fight . and he run it through my leg . curtis zone out for a moment . samantha say nothing . curtis ( cont 'd ) it 's hard to explain , because it 's not just a dream . it 's a feel . I be afraid something might be comin ' . something that 's ... not right . I can not describe it . I just need you to believe I . samantha 's eye be red . her nose . she nod slightly and dab the tissue at the corner of she eye . curtis ( cont 'd ) I have be to a counselor . I have see she a few time . this make samantha look up . curtis ( cont 'd ) you know what I come from . and I promise myself ... I promise myself I would never leave . and I be doin ' everything that I can to make that true . the room be quiet . samantha watch she husband . 63. int . otolaryngologist's clinic / ct scan room - day Hannah lie flat as the sled move she through the oval ct scanner . a red , light crosshair pass over she face . int . otolaryngologist's clinic / office - day samantha have Hannah on she lap . she and curtis listen intently to a attendant who sit next to they with a file . attendant since the doctor 's approve she for surgery , we just need to get she schedule . the next possible open be ... ( review a calendar ) the 21st of next month . that 's six week . curtis six week ? attendant be that okay ? samantha it 's wonderful . ext . pump station construction site / farmland - day curtis stand with Russell over the hood of a pick - up truck . they look over a roll of ground water chart . Russell talk and point to the map , but curtis ' attention be focus elsewhere . he watch dewart in the distance . russell ... this point just to the west . I do not think we will have any problem . we should be able to get twenty , maybe thirty in this next week . but we be look to see how that 's gonna shape up , so ... dewart smile and make broad gesture with he arm . he 's tell a story to Dave , who laugh hard . russell ( cont 'd ) curtis ? his attention snap back . curtis yeah . 64 . russell what do you think ? curtis yeah . that sound good . we will get it do . Russell roll up the chart . they walk toward the work site , toward dewart . int . delta agri - pro MAIN office / jim' office - day Jim fill out paperwork at he desk . there be a knock . jim come in . curtis walk inside . he stand in front of the desk . jim ( cont 'd ) what you need curtis ? curtis I need a favor Jim . jim what 's that ? curtis can you take dewart off my crew ? just reassign he someplace else . Jim set he pen down and lean back . jim what 's the trouble ? he not pullin' he weight ? curtis no , nothin ' like that . he 's a good worker . he 's a good man . he 's my friend . I think it would be easier not be in charge of someone I be so close to . Jim nod . jim you know , I understand . this be part of what it mean to manage people curtis . you be gonna have to learn that . 65 . curtis yes sir . I appreciate that but ... well it would just be very helpful in this case . jim okay . well , I can put he with Russell . anybody else you prefer ? curtis no . whoever you think 's right . jim okay . curtis thank you . curtis turn to leave the office . jim you be missin ' a lotta work curtis . curtis I know . my daughter 's have a lot of doctor 's visit . I have not let anything get behind . jim no . but do not . okay . curtis yessir . curtis show himself out . ext . laforche backyard - evening the sun have just set and a purple hue hang over everything . curtis stand in the very back of the yard and watch a man guide a long , flatbe trailer up the driveway . a 18 foot metal shipping container ride on the back . int . kitchen - continuous nat and samantha sit at the kitchen table go over a list of food in a note pad . samantha I know they just usually do oyster and fries but what if we do something healthier on the side ? 66 . nat what like slaw ? nat get up to refill she drink . she look out the back door and survey the construction zone . a forklift lower the ship container into the giant hole in the backyard . nat shake she head . samantha I do not know . maybe a vegetable or salad . nat dewart 's be tellin ' I how strange curtis have be actin' lately . I be so sorry . nat bring she drink back to the table and sit . samantha do not look up from she pad . nat ( cont 'd ) it 's not like you do not have enough on you plate with Hannah . nat put she hand on samantha 's . samantha move it . samantha thing be fine . we be fine . nat smile sympathetically . int . army navy store - day curtis meander inside . he see police tactical and survival gear behind the counter . Chief among they be a collection of gas mask hang on the rear partition . owner can I help you ? curtis yeah . can I look at one of this gas mask ? owner sure . which one you want to look at ? curtis the newest one . the owner of the store remove a mask and hand it to he . curtis fiddle with the mask . 67 . curtis ( cont 'd ) how much ? owner one seventy eight . curtis frown at the price . curtis anything cheaper ? owner no . that 's the cheapest one I get in the store . they go all the way up to two ninety . I do not know what you want to spend but a gas mask be not something you want to go cheap on . curtis you get any kid size ? owner no . kid can not wear that . they get a have a special thing , its like a hood . I do not fool with that . curtis nod . the peruse shopper listen in . curtis yeah . Ring I up a couple of `em . ext . army navy parking lot - day curtis stand at the driver 's door of he pick -up . the box sit on the seat in front of he . he open it and remove one of the gas mask . he stare into its vacant plastic eye . he drop the mask back into the box and shake he head . sigh , frustrated with it all . he check over he shoulder , scan the parking lot . ext . laforche backyard - later curtis stand on top of the shipping container that rest in the hole roughly a foot below the yard . wearing tinted goggle , he cut a circular hole in the top of the container with a small blowtorch . the spark stop and curtis raise the goggle to inspect he work . he kick at the weld with the heel of he boot and the metal fall into the container . 68 . he set down the torch and remove a roof turbine vent from a cardboard box and hold it up next to the newly cut hole . kyle ( o.s. ) what the hell be you doin ' ? curtis smile to himself . he turn to find kyle ( 42 ) stand at the edge of the hole . his hand be tuck into the back of he jeans and he 's size up the work . curtis step off the roof of the shipping container onto ground level . he hold out a hand and Kyle shake it , never take he eye off the unfinish shelter . kyle ( cont 'd ) what you get goin ' on here ? curtis just addin ' on to the storm shelter . kyle why ? curtis just `cause . Kyle notice the pvc piping run in the trenches . kyle you runnin ' water to it ? curtis oh , yeah . from we well . runnin ' sewer out to the city line . kyle how much you spendin ' on this thing ? curtis it 's not bad . kyle do not look it . curtis shrug . Kyle see he reluctance . kyle ( cont 'd ) you take you eye off the ball one minute in this economy and you be screw . you get the cash for this ? curtis yeah . 69 . kyle do not put nothin ' on credit card . that shit will eat you up . curtis I be not . Kyle be stare he down . curtis just look at the shelter . there 's a long silence share between they . kyle samantha call I . curtis I figure . curtis climb back onto the shipping container and continue install the roof vent . curtis ( cont 'd ) call you to come tell I to quit ? kyle she call `cause she 's worried . say you have be stress out . curtis do not answer . kyle ( cont 'd ) so ? curtis so what ? kyle you stress out ? curtis no . no more than anybody else . kyle work all right ? curtis uh , huh ... hey , look . you wanna come by and have dinner sometime , Kyle . that 's fine . we will have a beer and talk about the old day , but you get something ' to say just say it . kyle you can stop that shit right now . I will come over there and remind you what it feel like to get you ass whipped . curtis keep he head down , scold . Kyle relent . 70 . kyle ( cont 'd ) I be just come here to check on you . curtis well I appreciate it Kyle . kyle you be to see Mom ? curtis yeah . a few day ago . kyle she all right . curtis you should see she . take you girl . kyle yeah . I will get around to it . there 's a awkward moment as curtis work with he back to Kyle . kyle ( cont 'd ) you need a hand ? curtis turn and look up at he . shake he head . curtis no. I have get it . Kyle nod . kyle okay . call I if you need I okay ? curtis I will . Kyle look at he for a moment . he turn and walk toward the driveway . curtis ( cont 'd ) hey Kyle ? Kyle turn back . curtis climb onto the yard and walk over to he . curtis ( cont 'd ) actually you could do I a favor . kyle what 's that ? 71 . curtis you still look for a dog ? kyle sure . Kyle look at he . ext . laforche home / driveway - day curtis slap down the tailgate to Kyle 's truck , which be park in the driveway . Red , tail wag , hop up into the bed . curtis close the tailgate and set a leash and two bowl into the back of the truck . curtis rub Red behind the ear . curtis they get a good spot for you , okay bud . Kyle stand at the passenger door to the truck . kyle you sure ? curtis yeah . kyle I know it will make my girl happy . all right . Kyle walk around the truck to the driver 's side . curtis hey Kyle ? kyle yeah ? Kyle stop . curtis walk up and hug he . Kyle slap he on the back . curtis take care of yourself . kyle all right . all right . I will little brother . you take care of you family . handle you business . okay ? curtis nod . Kyle smile , shaking he head . 72 . kyle ( cont 'd ) all right . Kyle climb into the truck and crank it . curtis step back as he pull away . Red look back from the bed of the truck . int . bathroom - night Hannah , fresh from the tub , stand to let curtis rub she wet head with a towel . he finish and stand . curtis all right . bedtime . Hannah look up at he . curtis sign he hand like a pillow then touch he watch . they move out of the bathroom . int . laforche home / bedroom - morning curtis sit on the edge of he bed stare at the window in they room . he 's already dress for work . he watch as the thick , dark rain hit the window and streak . he have a curious look on he face . moving , down the hall . moving , past the de . moving , into the kitchen . curtis stop at the entry to the kitchen . samantha , wear a robe , stand with she back to he . she 's cooking something at the stove . curtis notice the back door stand open . hard rain slant down outside . he look down at the tile floor . wet footprint track inside . they lead to where samantha be stand . she turn to he . she 's pale with a vacant look on she face . her hair be soaking wet . curtis look at she , concerned . she stare back , emotionless . she slowly look down at the counter next to she . a kitchen knife rest there . curtis look at the knife . they look at one another again . 73. int . kitchen - morning curtis sit at the breakfast table across from Hannah . he look over at samantha . she cook , she back to he . Hannah climb out of she chair and go to look out the back door . samantha turn and dish egg onto curtis ' plate . samantha you okay ? she touch he hand . curtis flinch . they eye meet . he want to take it back , and she can see that . it begin to sink in for she . Hannah vocalize something behind they . samantha look at she husband , shake she head in disbelief . Hannah make another sound , pound on the back door . samantha turn and see a man stand in they backyard . she flinch . samantha ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? curtis stand to see out the back door . curtis ah shit . ext . laforche backyard - continuous Jim , curtis ' boss , stand with he hand on he hip look down at the plant shipping container . curtis approach . curtis hey Jim . jim curtis . dewart tell I you take equipment from work for a project at you house . Said that 's why you want he off you crew . I come out here to see it myself . curtis yeah . it be just a hauler and a backhoe . it be Saturday . I have `em back in less than 8 hour . jim you know that do not matter . I can not even tell you how many rule you break . ( more ) 74 . jim ( cont 'd ) what if you have a accident ? huh ? what if you run somebody over on you way out here ? lawsuit like that could bankrupt I . curtis well , I be sorry Jim . I have not think of that . thank God nothin' like that happen . you know ? I will do whatever I can to make it right . jim you can pick up you last check on Friday . you have get two week benefit . curtis nod . accept it . curtis do you fire dewart ? jim he 's on two week leave unpaid ... I be sorry curtis . you do this to yourself . Jim turn and walk out of the backyard . int . kitchen - continuous samantha clear the table . Hannah sit , watch she father walk in . curtis stop just inside the door , close it . curtis I have be fire . samantha continue clear the dish to the sink . she do not look up . samantha what about the health insurance ? curtis we get two more week . samantha slam the plate into the sink . they break . she hold she head back and stare at the ceiling . she walk over to curtis ... curtis ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... ... and slap he across the face . Hannah begin to cry . 75 . samantha turn and collect Hannah from the table . she grab she thing and walk out of the house . curtis stand alone in the kitchen . int . ar county community health CENTER / hallway - day curtis walk down the hallway to kendra 's office . the door ajar , he knock and enter . int . kendra' office - continuous curtis find andy ( 42 ) , a man in khakis and a button up , sit behind the desk . curtis oh , `scuse I . Andy rise from he chair . andy be you curtis ? curtis yeah . andy come in . kendra transfer out . I will be meeting with you today . curtis look at the man . he 's kind of mincing . andy ( cont 'd ) please , sit down . curtis take a seat . curtis what happen to kendra ? andy she get into a program at OSU so she will be transfer near there . I have split she case load with another counselor . it 's be kind of crazy around here lately . curtis huh . andy so I have look over you file . it say you mother be diagnose with paranoid schizophrenia in she early thirty . let 's start there . 76 . curtis look at the man for a moment , then stand and walk out of the room . ext . laforche home / driveway - day curtis ' truck be park in the driveway with the hood up and the engine run . curtis stand over the vibrate engine , study it . he look at the belt . he watch they move . int . STORM shelter - day curtis heft a porcelain toilet down the step of the shelter . a dull light glow through the new entryway that 's be knock out through the back leave wall . curtis go through it . in the shipping container section , curtis set the toilet on the floor . he pick up the camp lantern and hold it up to the space . the lack of light make it feel more cavernous than it be . two cot have be bring down as well as a assortment of supplies . can food , a small gas burner . curtis hang the lantern onto a hook on the wall and go about connect the toilet to a pipe stick out of the back corner . int . laforche home - day samantha walk inside follow by Hannah and a woman from the flea market . samantha I be so sorry . I completely forget . woman that 's okay . do not worry about it . samantha here . I hope you like they . samantha hand over the plastic bag . woman thanks . I bring cash . samantha that 's terrific . it 's fine . 77 . samantha take three twenty from she . samantha ( cont 'd ) call I if they do not work and I be sorry again . woman oh , it 's okay . thank you . samantha close the door . in the kitchen , samantha take the tin decorate with ocean creature down from the fridge . she remove the envelope with the word " beach " write on it and take out a stack of bill . she fold the bill over and stuff they into she purse before place the empty envelope back in the tin . she look out back and see curtis sit with Hannah . outside , the shipping container have be cover over with dirt . two rotate vent spin at either end of the brown mound . curtis sit on the freshly pack dirt signing with Hannah . he sign something that make she laugh . Hannah smack a muddy clump between she hand . curtis touch she nose , leave a dirt smudge . Hannah laugh . she touch he face , smudge it . in the kitchen , samantha watch through the back door . int . hannah's bedroom - evening samantha tuck Hannah into bed . she kiss she on the head and turn out the bedside lamp . samantha leave the room . ext . laforche backyard - evening samantha step out of the house . she walk over to curtis , who be stand on a grassy section of the yard over a assortment of auto part . they do not speak for a moment . samantha what 's that ? curtis that 's the alternator from the truck . ( more ) 78 . curtis ( cont 'd ) I be just try to figure out a way to charge enough battery to run light down there . ah , what the hell ? maybe I will hook it up to you old exercycle . samantha almost smile . curtis keep he eye on the part . curtis ( cont 'd ) you gonna leave I ? samantha look at he hand . they hang by he side . samantha you flinch when I touch you hand this morning . curtis I be sorry . samantha I be in one of you dream ? curtis nod . curtis yeah . samantha can you deal with that ? he hold open he hand to she . she take it . curtis yeah . samantha okay . then I make a decision . we cancel the beach trip . we have enough to cover bill for the next two month with you last check . I be go to get a job . you be gonna find another job . I be go to call to see if we can move Hannah 's surgery up . we will need to see what it cost to extend you policy to the end of the year . I want you to see a psychiatrist . not a counselor from the free clinic . someone good . curtis Doctor shannan give I the number of somebody . but , uh , I just do not think we can afford it . 79 . samantha we will find the money . also , the lion Club supper 's this weekend . I want you to come with I . curtis I do not want to see any of that people . samantha I want you to go . I need to do something normal . curtis all right . curtis nod . samantha let 's go of he hand and walk back to the house . curtis go back to study the auto part . int . lions club lodge - night the inside of the club be a musty banquet hall with wood panell wall and a drop tile ceiling . the place be pack . row of fold table fill the center of the room . a long line have form along the side wall that wrap to a serve station at the back . heated metal bin fill with fry oyster and french fries . curtis get in line with he family . at the serving table , curtis hold two paper plate . curtis how many piece do Hannah get ? samantha just one . curtis use tong to grab piece of fry oyster . look up , he can see back through the kitchen to a open door outside . dewart stand there over a butane fire fry pot . he wear a apron and stare at curtis . curtis move down the line . int . lions club lodge - later Lewis sit with cammie and they baby . he laugh and talk with another man . from a different table , Russell lean over to eye curtis . 80 . curtis sit at a table with he family . he load Hannah 's plate up with ketchup . a tap on he shoulder . curtis turn to find dewart stand over he . dewart what be you doin ' here ? curtis not here man . dewart tap he on the shoulder again . dewart I say what be you doin ' here . curtis stand and dewart take a step back . the general noise of the place start to quiet down as people take notice . a few stand . samantha curtis . dewart I tell people what you be doin' . curtis I know . dewart you cut I loose . everything we be through . curtis I know . I be sorry . dewart shove he in the chest . dewart you be not fuck sorry . you sorry you would not cut I loose . we fuckin ' friend ! this how you treat friend ? curtis place a hand on dewart 's chest . curtis come on . dewart punch curtis in the face . it sting . curtis ( cont 'd ) God dammit . 81 . samantha gather Hannah and move back . dewart shove curtis across the table . oyster and bottle go everywhere . the entire room be on its foot watch . curtis slip get up . dewart walk around the table , head for he . samantha stop it dewart ! curtis stand and kick dewart in the knee . it buckle back and he 's on the floor . he cry out and grab the twisted joint . he 's do . curtis pace over he , cover in ketchup and soda . he shout down at he . curtis I say not here ! GOD damnit ! he wipe at he face . see all of the people stare at he . address they . curtis ( cont 'd ) you think I be crazy ?! huh ! be that what he tell you ! curtis turn over a table . he point to the gawk crowd . curtis ( cont 'd ) well , listen up ! there be a storm comin ' like nothing you have ever see . and not a one of you be prepare for it . ( pacing ) you think I be crazy ? i'm talkin ' to you russell ! ( pacing ) lewis ! you think I be a thief ? Hannah watch . the SOUND mute . she look on as curtis pace , point and yell , red face at the crowd . curtis back off . curtis ( cont 'd ) sleep well in you bed . Cause if this thing come true , there be not gonna be any more . curtis look down at dewart . he turn to see Hannah . she 's tuck under she mother 's leg cry . this hit he hard . he stop . look at samantha , he eye fill with tear . 82. samantha , lead Hannah by the hand , walk to curtis . he stare at she , on the verge of break down . she take she hand and gently pull he head down to she shoulder . without another look toward the crowd , samantha lead she family out of the dining hall . ext . laforche home - day Hannah stand on a toolbox and rest she elbow on the side of curtis ' truck . the hood be open . she watch she father fiddle with re-installing the alternator . his finger cover in grease . Hannah step down from the toolbox and walk into the front yard . curtis pause , hearing a high -pitch , warbling SOUND in the distance . he notice Hannah be go . curtis Hannah ? he pull he head out from the hood and see Hannah stand on the curb . she look down the street . he run down he driveway , wiping he hand on a rag and watch the horizon . curtis ( cont 'd ) Hannah ! a flock of bird , fly in intricate geometric pattern , swarm above the house at the end of the street . they twist and bend into speckle black shape . Hannah , watch , walk into the street . curtis catch she by the hand . he turn away from the bird to see a STORM cell building on the opposite horizon . he scoops Hannah into he arm , step back from it . the SOUND of the bird grow louder . curtis pivot to find the mass of bird barrel down the street toward he . he turn away as the wall of bird crash past he . the force so powerful it knock he backward . he cover Hannah 's head , dodging the onslaught of wind and wing . the flock pass . curtis stand , he face cut and scrape . Hannah cry , cling to he chest . smash ! the windshield of a car park next to he shatter . curtis look at the break glass . a dead bird , it 's neck break , rest crumpled on the hood . smack ! 83. another bird crash into the asphalt just in front of he . then another . curtis look up . the flock of bird be circle overhead and diving down at he . more bird crash to the ground . curtis cover he head . the neighborhood 's tornado siren begin to sound . curtis rush Hannah toward he front door as dozen of bird plummet from the sky . the siren blaring . int . bedroom - night curtis wake to samantha shaking he by the shoulder . she 's nearly on top of he in the bed . samantha curtis ! wake up ! wake up ! tornado siren continue to scream throughout the neighborhood . curtis look to the window . rain and hail be batter the house . he jump to he foot and grab samantha by the arm . they rush out of the room . int . hannah's bedroom - night curtis burst into the room . Hannah be stand at the window look out . curtis scoops she up , scare she . she begin to cry as they run from the room . ext . laforche backyard - night wind blow fiercely as pellet of hail bounce off the ground . rain cut at a sharp angle . the tornado siren continue . curtis , Hannah in he arm and samantha close behind , exit the back of the house and head to the storm shelter . he pass Hannah to samantha and fumble with the padlock key . at the door to the shelter , samantha hold she robe up to shield Hannah from the hail . curtis get the lock and open the door . they go inside . int . STORM shelter - continuous curtis slam the door behind they . it 's pitch black until he get to the switch on the lantern . the room fill with the orange glow as curtis snap the padlock through the door handle . 84 . curtis come on . it 's okay . curtis lead they through the entry to the larger section of the shelter . samantha take Hannah and sit with she on one of the cot . she 's signing to she , try to calm she down . curtis ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . all right . come on . sit down . curtis go to a trunk in the corner and begin root through it . he remove two gas mask and a oxygen mask connect to a small tank . he go over and kneel in front of Hannah . he try slip the oxygen mask over she face . samantha grab he wrist . samantha no . do not do that . curtis it 's okay . it 's oxygen . here . put this on . curtis hand samantha a gas mask . samantha be you kid ? curtis please just do it . okay ? he look to Hannah and place a oxygen mask over she face .. curtis ( cont 'd ) there we go . all right . keep it out of you eye . okay ? he sign to she . curtis ( cont 'd ) hey . I love you . it 's okay . curtis ease on the knob at the top of the tank . he climb onto the cot and put he arm around they . he slip on he gas mask . samantha be hesitant . she look at she husband in the mask and lean back against the side of the container . Hannah look up at she . she touch she mother 's mask . samantha slip on the gas mask . 85 . the camp lantern on the floor cast long shadow up . the faint boom of thunder roll softly outside . the family sit huddle together on the cot , wear they mask . int . STORM shelter - later a crack of thunder rattles the shelter . curtis snap awake , still wear he gas mask . samantha have climb on the other cot and be asleep . Hannah sleep under curtis ' arm . he gently lay she down on the cot and stand to stretch . he walk into the original section of the shelter and grab a small flashlight off the metal shelving . he click it on and move over to the concrete step . he take a seat and listen . he place he hand onto the metal door . a boom of thunder . he can hear the rain and wind blow outside . int . STORM shelter - later samantha rub curtis ' shoulder , gently waking he . samantha wake up babe . curtis ' head move . he see that samantha and Hannah have remove they mask . curtis where 's you mask ? samantha we take they off . it 's fine . take it off . curtis no . curtis hesitates . samantha we be fine . take it off . curtis slip the mask off he face . worried , he take a breath . samantha ( cont 'd ) you need to open the door now . 86 . curtis do not move . he look at they . curtis ( mumble ) what if it 's ... what if it 's not over ? samantha what ? curtis what if it 's not over ? samantha it 's over . get the key . open the door . curtis slowly get to he foot . he see the dark entryway to the original section of the shelter . take the lantern , he walk to it . samantha and Hannah follow . curtis stop just inside . he hold the lantern up , illuminate the padlock metal door . he look back at he family , then climb the step . he place he hand on the door . he flinch . curtis it 's still storming . samantha no . it 's not . curtis I can hear it . samantha stare at he . the room be silent . samantha I do not hear anything . curtis put you hand on the door . you can feel it . he take samantha 's wrist and guide she to the door . he watch she face as she place a hand against the metal . she look at he , she eye get red , and shake she head " no " . curtis kneel in front of Hannah and mimic the sign from earlier . curtis ( cont 'd ) ( signing and speak ) Thunder ? do you feel it ? 87 . he flinch again . look to the ceiling curtis ( cont 'd ) ( signing and speak ) you feel it ? you feel it ? Hannah walk to she mother . samantha hold onto she . curtis step back from they . they watch he , they back to the door . he flinch and cover he mouth . curtis ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . samantha baby , there 's no storm outside . curtis I be sorry . samantha walk over to he . samantha curtis . I would not lie to you . we love you very much . please open the door . curtis be on the verge of tear . he slowly reach into he jeans pocket . he remove the key . he hold they out to samantha . curtis I be sorry . I can not . samantha look at the key , then at curtis . tear shake from he tremble face . samantha I love you , but if I open the door , then nothin 's gonna change . you will see that everything 's fine , but nothing will change . please . this be what it mean to stay with we . this be something you have to do . he look at Hannah , then samantha . curtis steady himself , try to control he flinching . he wipe he face with the back of he hand and take a deep breath . curtis walk toward the door . on the step , he reach up to the padlock . the key shake in he finger . he turn to samantha . curtis could you move Hannah back ? 88. samantha pick Hannah up in she arm and curtis watch they retreat to the rear wall . he go back to the lock . he insert the key . the padlock pop open . curtis remove it . he look back at samantha , then fling open the door . sunlight . it 's blind . curtis hold he hand up to cover he eye . he stare up at a crystal blue sky . samantha watch as curtis step out of the shelter . ext . laforche backyard - continuous curtis rise through the storm shelter 's entryway . out of the corner of he eye he catch , a man passing by . curtis be startle . he turn to see a crew of men from the power company hoist a ladder onto the pole at the corner of the house . a power line dangle overhead . he turn to see neighbor in they yard clear debris . leave and branch clutter the ground . the aftermath of a storm . samantha step out of the shelter hold Hannah . she survey the damage . curtis it 's fine . she walk over to curtis and hug he . he kiss samantha on the head . curtis look up at the sky . int . psychiatrist office - day curtis sit with samantha in the plush office of a psychiatrist ( 56 ) . curtis rub he hand over the soft leather upholstery on the couch . psychiatrist do you have any vacation time that you could use ? curtis I do not have a job right now . psychiatrist well , I know that time be hard , but I think it 's really important for you to separate yourself from that storm shelter . ( more ) 89 . psychiatrist ( cont 'd ) I think you need to break away from it for awhile . we can start you on some medication that I think will help , but that action alone would mean a lot . samantha we usually go on a trip to myrtle Beach every summer . we be gonns go this month . psychiatrist I think that would be okay if we start the medication now . it would give you all some time to prepare as a family , but I want to be clear , when curtis get back he will need to take more time than that . samantha what do that mean ? psychiatrist I mean that he will need hand on therapy at a real facility . curtis look up for the first time . curtis you mean I have to leave my family . psychiatrist I think you need to seriously commit to some treatment . curtis process this . samantha take he hand . ext . beach / condo - day curtis scoops handfuls of sand out of a foot deep hole on the beach . he slop the wet mixture into a castle shape bucket , he back to the shoreline of gentle , break wave . curtis ( signing and speak ) hey. good , huh ? Hannah sit on she knee in front of curtis sprinkle dry sand over castle shape mound already form . int . condo - day samantha drop four hotdog into a boil pot of water and stir a bubbling pot of can chili . 90 . the beach condo be small , but brightly furnish . ext . condo / beach - day the wooden deck hang off the back of the beach condo . a picnic table be set with plastic place mat and fork . wind lift the corner of a stack of napkin . the wind blow harder , fan the napkin off the table . on the beach , curtis , still work in the sand , put a top on the sand castle . curtis good . we put a top on it . curtis smooth out the sand in the castle shape bucket and turn it over to top off they sand mound . he hand the bucket over for Hannah to refill . the SOUND of the wave behind they have stop . they do not notice . curtis take two finger and dig a small trench around the sand castle . curtis look up ready to sign the letter but see Hannah stare at the water . she look at he and sign something with she hand . curtis ( cont 'd ) what be it honey ? curtis miss it . he shake he head , " no " , and Hannah sign again , slowly : " s-t-o -r -m " . curtis ( cont 'd ) what ? curtis turn to the shoreline , get to he foot . he look down at Hannah , who watch , mesmerize . scare , she look to she father . he grab she under the arm and rest she on he hip . she bury she head into he chest . at the condo , a gust of wind greet samantha as she walk out onto the deck hold a plate of hotdog and a bowl of chili . she stop , see the horizon . her mouth fall open . she slowly set the plate and bowl down on the table , she mind racing . she look down at curtis in disbelief . 91 . curtis look up to the condo and make eye contact . he study she face . samantha look at she husband , try to process it all . she look out at the horizon then back down to curtis . concern on she face , she nod to he . curtis see she nod . samantha 's eye , still lock on curtis , soften , as if to apologize . after a moment , she mouth to he , " I love you . " curtis nod back to she . she look back up to the shoreline . on the beach , curtis ' foot kick up sand as he rush back toward the condo . at the condo , samantha have not move from the porch . a light rain begin to fall . her hand grip the railing . she turn she leave palm up . Dark rain collect there . on the horizon in front of her , the water have receded into the gulf some 100 yard . the dark sandy bottom look odd stretched out so far . a STORM cell sit massed on the horizon . churning black cloud filled with layer of horizontal lightning . behind samantha , curtis appear in the open slide door clutching Hannah . the Storm cell be reflect in the glass next to he . curtis ( cont 'd ) Sam . samantha look down at she palm . she rub the thick , viscous rain in she finger . she look back up at the storm . on samantha 's face , samantha okay . the end .