take live by jon bokenkamp base on the novel by Michael pye previous revision by Nicholas Kazan H. seitz David ayer early draft February 28 , 2003 fade in : int . bus station - day superimpose : 17 year ago small , canadian , rural . just the Native american cashier jotting down sport stat from the paper . martin , 16 , enter . slight , pale and frail , new clothes , a tag still hang from he stiff work jacket . Martin stand in front of the cashier a beat . nervously tug a earlobe . martin sir. Sir , may I have a ticket to montreal please ? cashier pardon ? martin I need a ticket to montreal . cashier montreal ? martin yes , sir . please . cashier forty - three dollar . Martin pull out a envelope fill with crisp twenty and carefully count out three . the cashier give Martin he ticket and change . point at a bus outside . the driver load bag . int . bus - day a half dozen passengers . Martin step aboard , take a seat . dan soulsby , Martin 's age , sit next to he , offer a hand . Martin shake . dan Dan soulsby . martin Martin . Nice to meet you . dan where you head to ? martin away from here . ( continued ) 2 . continued : Dan produce a couple beer from he pocket . offer Martin one . martin pisswater . dan at least it 's cold pisswater . here 's to get away . they clink can . the Driver enter the bus . unlock the airbrake . put the bus in reverse , give it gas . boom ! the engine throw a rod . horrible grinding . smoke waft into the window . the Driver kill the engine . silence . Martin and Dan trade look . dan that be bad . ( bum ) it 's gonna take all day to get another bus here . Martin sigh , look out the window . what martin sees a car rental place . back to scene Martin finger the envelope of cash in he pocket . martin you have a license ? dan have one . they take it away . martin I get one . let 's go . int . rental car - moving - night Dan drive . journey on the radio . Martin check out Dan 's guitar . Dan show Martin he tooth . dan see that ? they be all fake . ( continued ) 3. continued : martin you take a hockey puck in the face ? dan a fist . my stepdad sock I . I fly across the room and dent the sheetrock in the kitchen . my mom see everything and still take he side . martin you get crack good . dan I hate that guy . two hundred pound of worthless grease . martin why would he hit you ? dan I wreck he sixty - five mustang and he boat in the same week . his baby . I totale they . martin I would have pop you too . dan it be worth it . but I do not deserve the tour in hell . Dan rub he close - cropped hair . dan do not ever go to military school if you can help it . it suck . ( a beat ) I jump the wall two day ago . martin you go back ? dan I be do with that racket . I be go to Seattle and play music . Martin try the guitar , he 's not that good . martin I know some chord . dan think you can learn drum ? 4. int . rental car - moving - day the land roll endlessly . Martin drive . Dan play he guitar . he 's really good . dan I be the next billy squire . krokus will be open for I one day . pow ! the car hit a bottle . a front tire deflate . Martin guide the crippled vehicle to the curb . ext . highway - day the middle of nowhere . Martin flip a coin . head . dan shit . Dan haul the spare from the trunk . set the jack under the bumper . a pickup truck approach . still a mile away . Martin watch Dan lean in the trunk for the tire iron . the pickup get closer , a big one . heavy with bag of animal feed . speed . Martin look at Dan 's back . Martin shove Dan hard , into the highway . in front of : the grill of the pickup wham ! it plaster Dan . he go over the hood , shatter the front windshield . bounce off , spin like a rag doll into a ditch . the pickup have lose control , it roll . several time , a heaving mass of steel . crash ! the truck fold itself around a husky tree . no survivor , that 's clear . martin he can not believe what he have just do . he take in the carnage , tug at he ear . ext . montreal - day superimpose : present day establishing the river-bound city . beautiful . 5 . ext . ST . lawrence river - day a large ferry ply the unstoppable water . gliding toward skyscraper . ext . ferry pier - day the sign in french . crowd with passengers wait to board . as more passengers pour off the just - dock ship . a woman run through the crowd . terror etched in she face . she knock aside several people . run toward a row of restaurant . even in she turmoil , she be patrician , elegant . ext . pier - side cafe - day two beat cop eat at a outdoor table . laid back . the woman approach they , frantic . woman I just see my dead son get off the ferry . the cop trade look . woman listen to I ; he 's be dead eighteen year . he just walk right past I . int . montreal PD office - day a inspector pour the woman tea . she have calm down . he take he pen , look at she statement . woman you need to open that grave . it can not be my son in there . a beat . inspector I lose my mother two year ago . every day I think I see she . driving to work in the car next to I . at mass . Shopping , I see she , but this be someone else 's mother . you see ? the woman lay a hand on he arm , look he in the eye . there be something formidable about she . ( continued ) 6 . continued : woman Inspector , I be sadden by you loss and touch by loyalty . but let 's focus on the matter at hand . he walk right past I . we make eye contact . I know he recognize I . it be my son . a mother know this thing . I will sign anything , I will swear before a judge . and thank you , I do have all my faculty and friend who can vouch for my character . inspector do you talk to this man , he be a man now ? woman yes . of course he 's a man . he would be thirty - two . and no , I do not speak with he . I run . ( low , serious ) Inspector , my son be very , very disturb . he have serious emotional problem . I assure you he be . ( a beat ) be . be a dangerous person . he hand she some form . inspector Madame . the police department can not resolve you problem . you need to get permit from the coroner and health and safety department . you pay for a exhumation . you have someone qualified examine the remain . if it be the wrong body , the Forensic examiner will confirm there be a problem and call we . then we open a investigation . ( a beat ) no , Quebec City police will investigate . he be bury there , no ? the woman bristle . stands , take the form . woman no. Inspector . he be not . 7. ext . forest construction site - day deep wood . in the mountain . near a roaring river . a log vacation cabin be be erect by construction worker . a back hoe dig a trench . the scoop snag something -- a wetsuit -- wear by a long dead corpse , twirling slowly , hang from the bucket 's steel tooth . the back hoe operator jump off the huge machine , stare at the headless body he have just drag from its grave . worker gather and gawk . worker someone call the cop . CUT to : int . task force room - night inspector laval and inspector reynaud , rock solid french Canadian , pin photograph of the body we just see on the wall . laval step back . take in the display . inspector laval ( subtitle french ) think she will like this ? reynaud shrug . laval toss he a Newsweek . inspector laval ( subtitle french ) we be lucky the FBI be send she . she be the Michael Jordan of criminal profiling . ( off reynaud 's look ) the guy Le fleuer of profiling . she will save we ass . the phone ring . laval answer . inspector laval ( subtitle french ) Inspector laval . ( a beat ) have the airline check again . look around baggage claim . ( to reynaud ) she be on the flight but they can not find she . reynaud 's cell ring . ( continued ) 8. continued : inspector reynaud ( into phone ) oui ? reynaud grab he coat . turn to laval . inspector reynaud ( subtitle french ) I know where she be . CUT to : darkness we hear breathing and the soft rush of a river . Soft , rhythmic . then footstep . two eye open , reflect moonlight . the footstep draw closer . click ! a flashlight turn on . revealing : ext . forest construction site - night grace vanderholt lie in the grave where the body be discover . it have be excavate by criminologists , the soil sifted , the grass and brush remove . Grace sit up . Grace hold out she FBI cred , shield she eye from the bright light . grace it 's okay , I be suppose to be here . click . the light go off . revealing laval and reynaud . inspector laval agent vanderholt , we request you help . I be Inspector laval , this be Inspector reynaud . grace hi. look , I be not ready to talk to you guy yet . I need a little more time here . reynaud and laval trade look , walk toward two uniform guard the site . ( continued ) 9 . continued : Grace lay back down . sigh . concentrate on the sound . the river . wind in the tree . then : laughter ( o.s. ) . grace would you mind trading one liner somewhere else ? I need to hear the natural sound . I appreciate it . the policeman have gather in a chummy knot . laval gesture for they to walk down the road . on grace she step out of the grave . sit by it . write some note . everything glisten in the moonlight , alive . Grace take it in for a beat . then : howling , the lonely song of a distant wolf . Grace rise , cross to the river , to a big gravel bar . use as a campsite complete with a large fire pit . Grace sit by the fire pit . more howling , closer this time . Grace look down river , sees the glow eye of a timber wolf stare from a clump of tree . the animal stare a beat , then run off . Grace have the chill . Grace walk quietly toward the tree . Grace just a few foot away . rustling . she cautiously move aside a sapling . ext . riverbank - grace's flashlight - night a timber wolf nestle amidst the tree gnaw on something ; a human head . ext . riverbank - night Grace stand there alone , the wolf be long go . she stoops , push aside brush . she find a hollow under some root . Grace click on she flashlight . what she sees a human skull stare up from the hollow . picked clean , weathered . 10 . ext . dirt road in the forest - night laval and reynaud , and the two uniform smoke and joke . a quiet beat as the wind pick up . they car up the road in the b.g . something move in the wood . Inspector reynaud draw he Glock . shush the man . a beat . movement . laval signal for the man to spread out . holster be unsnapped . reynaud be all eye and ear as he pick he way toward the tree . grace emerge from the tree , a laser- aim dot on she forehead . she react to reynaud , raise she hand . grace do not shoot , I be on you team . reynaud holster he gun . the man relax . Grace take Inspector laval aside . grace call who you have to call . I find he head . laval react . int . autopsy room - day glove hand carefully remove the skull from a box . the medical examiner place the skull on a exam table and begin clean it . Grace walk around the headless body . the wetsuit have be remove , the body have be autopsie . headless , skeletal hand , the leg be surprisingly well - preserve . director gillet be tall , heavy , smoking a cigar . he 's a cop 's cop and all - around nice guy . director gillet I can not tell you how excited we be to have you here . grace you only have one victim . usually there 's two or three by the time I get call in . director gillet this case make page one of the Globe . the tabloid say there be a headhunter on the loose . ( more ) ( continued ) 11 . continued : director gillet ( cont 'd ) the Mayor want closure . that 's he vacation house they be building . I get call from supervisor I do not know I have . grace you clear the Mayor ? director gillet we clear the Mayor . he read the article on you in Newsweek and insisted we fly you up . the papers say two camper have a drunken fight and the loser lose he head . grace what do you think ? director gillet I do not solve crime anymore , I balance budget . grace this be not a heat of the moment kill . and the victim be bury complete with head . the grave be five - foot ten . the victim 's height . with square corner . dug with a shovel the killer have the foresight to bring . director gillet thirty - five detective searched the area Saturday . my investigator think you be a witch . grace I have be call worse . the Medical examiner find two small hole in the skull , wave the photographer over . director gillet jeez . look at that , look like he get ice-pick . she simulate fang with she hand , they match mark on the skull . ( continued ) 12 . continued : grace no . a large canine do that . probably a old or sick timber wolf that could not hunt . it dig up the body and chew off the head . it feel safe in the tree , away from the riverbank , away from the other wolf . the Medical examiner look at a chew vertebrate . medical examiner I would say you be right . ( into tape recorder ) postmortem scavenger damage to C - 1 . the Medical examiner examine the skull 's tooth . medical examiner the victim be afraid of dentist . bad tooth . inspector laval and reynaud enter . both give Grace wary nod . Inspector laval hand the Medical examiner a paper bag mark human remains . inspector laval this be a meter from the skull . at soil level . the Medical examiner open the bag . remove a wig . no , not a wig ; someone 's ponytail and leather scalp . tangled with the hair be a braid of green nylon cord tie to two piece of broomstick . the photographer snap some shot . the Medical examiner gingerly untangle the cord . medical examiner look at this . Grace cross , grin . Grace study the cord , note the intricate knot . grace bingo . that 's you murder weapon . inspector laval it might be trash a camper leave . ( continued ) 13 . continued : grace no. look at it , braid parachute cord , two piece of broom stick . you approach the victim from behind , loop it around he head and hold on for all you might . the more the victim struggle , the quick he pass out . and now you have convenient handle to drag around two hundred pound of dead kayaker . inspector laval that be a theory . grace that 's exactly what it be . a theory . that evidence support . when the suspect be in custody you can ask he yourself what happen and you will not need I . Inspector . laval bristle , he cross to check he cell message . gillet look at Grace , at the cord . turn to she quietly . director gillet laval and reynaud be my star . very smart , very persistent investigator . on the street ; they be magnificent . grace I can see that director . you be lucky to have they . a beat . grace go ahead , director , say what you have to say . director gillet you be the expert . if you have any suggestion on how to proceed ... grace sure . a forensic anthropologist can draw the victim 's face base on the skull . I know someone at quantico who can do it by tomorrow . ( continued ) 14 . continued : director gillet we have people . grace call them . then show the result to everybody around who be sell outdoor goods two year ago . you have he initial ; mrc , inside the wetsuit . the long hair be distinctive , someone may recognize he . it 's a semi-long shot . director gillet no , that 's bread and butter detective work . thank you . ( check he watch ) we should get upstairs . they cross to the exit . director gillet bark order in french at he two-star inspector . int . task force room - day photo , map , newspaper article cover the wall . twenty - four hour News on a tv . six detective man the phone . rookies fetch report , pour coffee . int . conference room - day the long table be crowded . inspector laval and reynaud . Three more police official . a pair of CITY councilmen . Grace sit next to gillet . councilman # 1 you find the skull . incredible . grace I have a case once where wild dog have remove remain . councilman # 2 so I can tell my people there be not a headhunter run around the wild of Quebec ? grace no headhunter , sir . however , a killer be out there . ( continued ) 15 . continued : councilman # 1 director gillet . do you have the victim identify ? director gillet no name yet , sir . we have someone from the University recreate he face from the skull . councilman # 1 why , after two year , have nobody report he miss ? grace he be not miss . he have no family , or move often . he have the musculature of a serious outdoorsman . he spend a lot of time in he kayak . councilman # 1 the big question be who kill he . grace always be , sir . I can give you a rough profile ; white male , thirty to thirty - four . have some college but no degree . neat in appearance . at least six foot tall . very intelligent . charm when necessary . he use murder as a tool , probably in furtherance of a criminal endeavor . he 's kill before and will again unless catch . laval and reynaud write furiously . gillet be impressed . as be the councilman . councilman # 1 we really appreciate the FBI send you . when can we expect you report ? grace a couple day , sir . int . task force room - day ( later ) Grace write note on a yellow pad . inspector laval and reynaud cross , laval show she a artist 's sketch of the victim . ( continued ) 16 . continued : inspector laval say hello to a dead man . insert sketch : the victim have a deep stare , rugge feature , long hair . grace shame . good-look guy . inspector laval this be more than we have . thank you . laval have declare peace . Grace smile . reynaud still keep he distance . int . HOTEL room - night a very nice bed and breakfast . Grace enter and find she luggage wait . she love the room . antique , art . Grace find a bottle of wine and a note from gillet . she smile . Grace check the mini fridge ; bingo . crack a moosehead . her cell ring . grace ( into phone ) vanderholt ? inspector laval ( v.o. ) ( filter ) we name the victim ; curtis kohler . the forensic dentist just verify the id . grace with a C ? inspector laval ( v.o. ) ( filter ) no. k-o-h-l-e-r . the initial be for the montreal River company . kohler work there as a guide three year ago . the owner remember he because he steal the wetsuit . grace can you do a full record search ? criminal , credit , commercial history . transcript . everything . ( continued ) 17 . continued : inspector laval ( v.o. ) ( filter ) yes , of course . grace you be a awesome investigator , Inspector . run he name on every database you can . I will see you in the morning . Grace hang up . make note on the sketch . slip it into a picture frame . int . task force room - day Grace , reynaud and laval look through a haystack of computer printout for needle of information . Grace stretch . grab a do nut from a box . offer the box to laval . grace fruit of the god . you know you want one . laval give in , take a plain cake . she offer donut to reynaud . he rub he eye , shove aside papers , quietly to laval : inspector reynaud ( subtitle french ) let 's take she down the street . I will not eat one of that hockey puck . inspector laval let 's go down the street . very good food . we be invite you . please . Grace grab she jacket and a armful of report . int . bistro - day local only . the Inspector 's favorite spot , they be like family here . Grace , laval and reynaud at a table in back . cover with report and plate . Grace stop read . toss aside a printout . grace Mr. kohler have be dead two year . no doubt about that . right ? ( continued ) 18. continued : inspector laval very solid time of death . two year ago . grace so before he die he get he paycheck , pay he tax . patronize sport goods store . and have long spend gap where he be enjoy the great outdoors . that pattern continue a year after he death . he get some paycheck . rent a apartment . buy a three thousand dollar kayak . pay he tax . Dead and bury and still pay he tax . then everything stop . last Visa charge be to travelocity for a plane ticket to Mexico city . inspector laval Dead man do not pay they bill . it 's identity theft . grace this be not someone rent limo and fancy dinner on someone else 's credit . lifestyle and habit do not change . inspector laval Computer error ? grace too many independent system . inspector laval ( beat ) we work organize crime sometimes , maybe a hit man want to lay low . he assume the life of a civilian until thing cool off . grace you really think a gangster be go to break he stride and become a long hair groovy river guide ? Inspector , this guy 's whole life have be steal . someone kill he and become he . down to profession and taste in clothing . laval and reynaud trade look . 19 . int . HOTEL room - night ( hour later ) the light be still on , Grace have fall asleep on she bed , still in she clothes , paperwork everywhere . case photo now fill the picture frame , cover the wall , even on the ceiling . knocking at the door . Grace stir . cross to the door , groggy . she check the peephole . crack the door . it 's Inspector laval . inspector laval you be a heavy sleeper . grace you be everywhere . what 's up , laval ? inspector laval a man be kill tonight . attack from behind . asphyxiate with a nylon cord with handle . and there 's a witness . or a suspect . we be not sure yet . we should go . ext . parking lot crime scene ( downtown montreal ) - night ( 4:00 am ) cop car everywhere . crime scene tape . the coroner 's van . a couple news cameramen . Grace crossing with laval . reynaud place a handcuffed man in workout gear in the back of a cop car . inspector laval that 's he . he say he see the killer . reynaud slap the cop car , it quickly drive away . Grace and laval arrive at a body dress in sweat . a gym bag nearby . a pair of uniform stand guard as a criminalist process the body . thirty -ish , healthy , he generic look marre by bulg , bruise eye . face bruise . inspector laval meet Mr. Todd Ford . Grace squat by the body . click on she mag-lite and inspect the victim . bruise on he neck . grace he 's still warm . ( continued ) 20 . continued : Grace shine she flashlight along the corpse . a couple hair glow in the strong light beam . grace want to get that ? the criminalist take a lint roller , collect the hair . grace where be it ? inspector laval there . under he car . Grace shine she light under a car . a garrote be there , make of broomstick and knotted nylon cord . grace Holy shit . have Le directeur be notify ? inspector laval I be let the poor man sleep a couple more minute . ( point thing out ) twenty - four hour gym be there , next door . he have a membership card in he wallet . that 's he car . car key . Grace look around the garage . take it all in . get a feel for the scene . she carefully examine the victim 's car with she flashlight . the door have be brush with black print dust . int . inspector' office - night ( 4:43 am ) director gillet sip bad coffee in a rumple suit and T - shirt . look through a two - way mirror . Grace , reynaud be with he . director gillet be that we killer ? grace maybe . so far he check out as a art dealer from winnipeg . 21 . int . interview room - night JOHN costa , 33 , sit at the small table . glass , moppish hair . laval sit across from he . costa be sincere , and frighten . costa I walk out of the gym . walk to my car . I be unlock it and I hear a scuffle , a fight . over by this car I see this guy get choke from behind and I shout . inspector laval what do you shout ? costa ' stop . ' I run towards they . then the person do the choke let go and point a gun at I and run . I be so stupid . I could of be shot . I call the police give he cpr until the paramedics come . inspector laval you touch he ? costa of course . I be give he cpr . inspector laval you remove the garrote ? costa the thing around he neck ? yes . I take it off , it be choke he . inspector laval do you see where the attacker go ? costa away from I . inspector laval what kind of gun do he have ? costa ( frustrated ) the kind that put really big hole in people . inspector laval be it black ? be it silver ? ( continued ) 22. continued : costa Black . inspector laval okay , see ? I be get information . he have a large black handgun . costa listen to I . I can draw a picture of he face . I see he . inspector laval you want to draw a picture ? costa a sketch . I can sketch he . I be very good . inspector laval how could you see he face in the dark ? a beat . costa realize he be under suspicion . he lean forward , look Inspector laval in the eye . costa I do not do this . I see two guy fight and should of run the other way but I do not . ( as if to a child ) you need to find the person who kill this man . ( in french ) you need to find the guy who do this . int . inspector' office - night Grace do not like the turn . grace you need to confirm he 's a suspect or clear he and kick -start a manhunt base on costa 's id . if he be a legit witness , he will get heat up and start forget detail . I think there 's a way to clear he without pissing he off . May I ? director gillet please . ( continued ) 23. continued : Grace knock on the interview room door . grace Inspector . I need a moment with you . laval exit the room , shutting the door behind they . a rookie hand director gillet a cup of coffee and a new dress shirt wrap in plastic . inspector laval I be get into he mind . grace I have a shortcut . can you get any of he school transcript ? inspector laval sure . it 's all on -line . Grace take a evidence bag contain the garrote from the latest crime scene . she drop it in she computer bag . grab a case file . grace call the winnipeg Police and have they fax or e-mail he driver 's license photo . Grace cross , open the door , enter . int . interrogation room - night John costa smile at Grace as she enter . set she bag on the floor . the case file on the desk . costa I hope you guy be play bad cop smart cop . grace sorry . I be the dumb one . agent vanderholt . call I Grace . they shake . she slide type paper and a pencil over to costa . costa thank you . he have this real intense eye . ( continued ) 24 . continued : costa about to start draw . grace hold on . before you do that , I need some personal information from you . can you write down the name of the elementary school you attend ? and you elementary school teacher , as many as you can remember . costa look at Grace a beat . costa be you kid I ? Lady , I see someone get kill tonight and you be ask I about grade school ? grace I apologize , I know it 's random , but it 's the best way you can help I . costa I do not remember any of that . grace please , Mr. costa . you would be surprised . costa ( write ) I attend two . Holy trinity and mother of good counsel . I remember sister Bernard . and . I do not know , Father Jeffrey . Mr. johansen . oh , and Mrs. sebastien , she have a glass eye . grace May I ? she take the list of name . she tip over she briefcase with she foot , the evidence bag spill out . costa glance at the garrote , react . costa omigod . that 's it , be not it ? grace that 's what ? ( continued ) 25 . continued : costa the thing around he neck . costa look at Grace , realize it 's a mind game . costa I tell the other guy , I will tell you . I do not do this . Grace . I see who do this and I can show you what he look like and you can go catch he . costa be unambiguously sincere . Grace 's attitude soften a bit . she tuck the garrote back in she bag . grace go ahead and draw the face of the man you see . costa draw a simple smiley face . he show she . grace we will get a artist to help you . costa I can draw he , thank you . Grace cross to the door . costa begin draw in earnest . int . inspector' office - night Grace emerge from the interrogation room . reynaud hand she a printout of costa 's school record . Grace check costa 's list against he transcript . inspector laval you leave a file in there . grace I know . see if he try to peek in it . the real killer could not resist . he will want to know what we know . laval watch costa . int . interrogation room - night costa draw with skilled hand , delicate but strong . the file be ignore . 26 . int . inspector' office - night Grace hand laval back costa 's file . grace can you remember any of you grade school teacher ? he remember three . a rookie cross with a photo , hand it to laval . inspector laval here 's he provincial driver 's license photo . he 's check out . laval show Grace the photo . it be definitely costa . a beat . grace have a nurse take a DNA sample . just to make sure he DNA be not in the victim 's car or anything weird . inspector laval we will run the test . int . interrogation room - night costa have finish the sketch . he hold it up to the mirror , for that he assume be watch . reflected in the two - way mirror be costa' sketch . cold pierce eye , chisele feature . the door open , expect Grace , costa be disappointed to see a tough - look paramedic unwrap a cotton swab . paramedic please open you mouth . int . patrol car - moving - day ( 7:08 am ) the sketch be tape to the dashboard , now label : unknown assailant . the cop cruise the business district , eyeball the arrive office worker . ext . coffee stand ( montreal ) - day grace slam a espresso shot as she read the Globe . insert headline : montreal man murdered outside gym . 27 . int . medical examiner office - day this be he personal space , ton of hockey paraphernalia . a couple tired easy chair . the Medical examiner eat a slice of pizza . Grace study a evidence bag contain a man 's ring . medical examiner fell out of he T-shirt when I remove the clothing . it do not fit the victim . grace ( off the ring ) wvss . 1995 . what 's that ? medical examiner West Vancouver secondary School class of ' 95 . grace cwe ? whose initial ? not the victim 's . medical examiner no . I call the school and have someone find they in a yearbook . here 's the original owner 's name . but it could have be through a dozen pawn shop since then . he hand she a piece of paper . Grace have a big smile . grace Doctor , can I take you back to quantico with I ? medical examiner sorry . I must remain where the hockey be good . Grace hand the paper to reynaud . ext . medical examiner office - day reynaud and Grace crossing through the parking lot . inspector reynaud ( into radio , subtitle french ) this be special unit fourteen . I want a complete name search . Clark William . surname be Edwards . ( continued ) 28 . continued : grace Inspector reynaud . can we swing by the crime scene before we head back ? reynaud nod : yes . they get in he unmark car . ext . parking lot crime scene - day tape still up . the 24 hour gym be close for the day . Grace look around . laval study a shrine of candle on the sidewalk . Grace sneak up on he . she get real close . laval watch the candle burn . grace Inspector . laval startles . grace c'mere a second , please . they cross to the victim 's car . grace borrow you key ? stand there like you be go to choke I . Grace pantomime unlock the door , drop the key and reach for she throat . grace key drop straight down , how would they end up over there under that car ? inspector laval they be kick . during the struggle . grace ( point ) okay . kick they as hard as you can that way . laval look at she , kick he key . grace not even halfway . ( continued ) 29 . continued : Grace cross to the candle . laval follow . grace I have this case . this young hundred - pound woman be abduct from a parking lot . she kick off a mirror , break a window , dent she door . she struggle . this guy ? nothing . inspector laval everything you be say , you be say one thing , do we trust costa ? grace good question . do we trust costa ? a unmark car pull up . reynaud drive . inspector reynaud get in . int . unmarked car - moving - day Grace and laval get in , reynaud gun it . Grace belt in . inspector reynaud I find a current address here in montreal . reynaud lean on the horn , aggressively maneuver through traffic . grace you guy have a extra weapon ? I do not want to cross the border armed . inspector reynaud the glove box . Grace open it and find a compact Glock . she check it , shove it into she pocket . reynaud swerve into the wrong lane . stop cold in front of a apartment building . and get out . great drive . a mere two block away from the crime scene . laval get out . then Grace . 30 . int . apartment build - hallway - day a upper floor . Grace , reynaud and the manager cross to a door . the manager study costa 's sketch of the attacker . super I never meet he . we conduct we business by phone . they arrive at a door . reynaud about to knock . Grace stop he , listen at the door . grace I smell smoke . back where I be from anyone can kick a door if there 's a fire . it 's the ' citizen 's arrest ' of search warrant . then : the smoke alarm inside the apartment buzy o.s. reynaud and laval trade look . reynaud cock a leg ... the manager unlock the door a beat before reynaud kick it . laval be no danger junkie , he 's a little hesitant to enter . Grace get down low , enter carefully , she know what she 's do . int . apartment - day it 's dark , draw shade . a small studio . reynaud and Grace move tactically with draw gun . Grace enter the kitchen . Light smoke . reynaud approach the futon , a person-sized shape under the blanket . reynaud whip aside the blanket . just pillow . Grace check under the sink . reynaud check the bathroom and shower . a coffee pot smoke , sizzling sludge on the bottom . Grace check around the fridge , now satisfied no one lurk in there . grace clear . Grace turn off the burner . she cross to a window , whip aside the curtain , and open it . cough . grace ugh . get a lung full . ( continued ) 31 . continued : Grace look at a glass of orange juice , a half - eat plate of food on the table . grace look like this guy run out in the middle of breakfast . laval have enter , he stare out the window . Grace look out the window , react . what grace sees the apartment window have a perfect view of the gym parking lot where the kill occur . back to scene reynaud see that and also react . inspector laval we should get out of here . do not touch anything . they back out of there . int . apartment - day ( a hour later ) Grace watch a criminalist bag a comb from the medicine cabinet . a couple hair entwine in its tooth . in the kitchen another criminalist dust for print . reynaud take picture with a large still camera . laval knock on the wall . laval move a picture frame . a photograph fall out . laval pick it up with surgical glove . insert photo : a dead ringer for costa 's sketch , carouse in a thai bar . laval show Grace . grace resemble the man costa sketch . ( beat ) have you release he ? you do not want you star witness steaming in a hold cell . ( continued ) 32 . continued : inspector laval he go home twenty minute ago . agent Grace , where do you think monsieur Edwards be ? grace I bet monsieur Edwards be in a deep grave with square corner like messieur kohler and Ford . which look like all the victim . maybe he 's subconsciously kill himself . Grace find a guitar case . open it . it 's a mobile office ; it have postage stamp . postcard . assorted stationery , different address label . neat , organize . holiday card . a CD title : " learn flamenco guitar . " hundred of practice signature . forged document . victim 's personal effect . inspector laval we will take that with we . ( in french ) put a number and seal on that case . reynaud snap picture of the guitar case . Grace be absorb everything this little apartment can tell she . bond with the space . she smell a pillow . think . grace ever see a hermit crab ? inspector laval no . grace it 's a crab that life in the shell of dead sea snail . inspector laval yes , yes . they have one big claw and curl up tight . laval take a long , sharpen screwdriver from he jacket . begins pry off a door molding . Grace sit at the kitchen table . grace when they outgrow a old shell , they search for a new empty shell , crawl up to it and quickly switch . ( more ) ( continued ) 33. continued : grace ( cont 'd ) they live in this beautiful shell because they have this soft ugly body . they could not survive without the shell . neither can the guy we be after . laval expose several mini dv and micro -cassettes hide under the molding . int . conference room - close on a tv screen - day surprisingly clear video shot with a long night-vision lens . todd ford exit the 24 hour gym , get in he car . widen to : the director , Grace , reynaud and laval watch the video on the tv . director gillet turn it off . he be not in a good mood and that have laval and reynaud on edge . director gillet we could have have he this morning . inspector laval director , please . we be get close . the hair recover from the apartment match the hair recover at the crime scene on Ford 's body . we find hour of video like that of the victim . he have be follow he , filming he for week . he tapped he phone and have recording of Ford 's call . even a CD with copy of Mr. Ford 's e-mail folder . grace with that much detail , you could become anyone . director gillet so he hunt people and wear they life as a kind of trophy . grace more like a kind of camouflage . director gillet what 's he real name ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : inspector laval we know what he look like , we have he fingerprint , we know what he have for breakfast . but he name elude we still . director gillet ( angry ) find it , laval . find he . inspector laval yes , sir . laval and reynaud quickly exit . Grace stay . int . hallway - day director gillet and Grace walk down the hall . grace they be work really hard . director gillet I know . grace someone die last night because the asshole we be after be not in custody . it 's happen to I before and I be sure it will happen again . it 's a pretty miserable feel . director gillet I have not feel it in a long time . ( a beat ) dinner ? grace thank you . I promise the boy I would hang out tonight . I be sorry . int . bistro - night Grace , reynaud and laval have mussel and beer . laval watch the guitarist , a little melancholy . inspector laval I be fair and I keep my promise . my informant trust I . I have eye on the train , on the bus . if they see he , they will tell I . ( continued ) 35 . continued : inspector reynaud ( subtitle french ) maybe they will tell you . why do you trust junky ? inspector laval ( make a fist ) I trust they fear of this . inspector reynaud ( subtitle french ) do not say that in front of she . grace ( subtitle french ) it 's okay . I be a street cop in Philadelphia for three year before I join the FBI . Grace speak french . reynaud react . as do laval . inspector reynaud very nice . you like to play game . Grace smile . inspector laval Mr. Ford work as a cruise- ship musician . he would walk around and play he guitar on the deck at night . grace life be pretty cold sometimes . man 's just try to spread a little music and get murder . inspector laval he target Mr. Ford the night before he be suppose to get on a plane and meet a ship in aruba . grace only the new improve Mr. Ford be go to meet he ship . inspector reynaud think he have a plan b? ( continued ) 36 . continued : grace I doubt it . he 's be so meticulous and effective in the past , I bet he 's never need one . we can assume he have all sort of fake id and passport . disguise . but that 's not enough for he , he have to be someone else . he get off impersonate people . and he know he current persona be compromise . laval and reynaud have stop eat , be look at she . grace what ? inspector laval you be always think . save something for tomorrow . we have three box of evidence to go through . grace pretty cavalier attitude for a man who just get he ass chew by he boss . inspector laval my papa drop dead of a heart attack in front of a drill press at work . not I . Grace understand . laval clink she beer , reynaud too . grace I be drop by costa 's , I still have a couple question . ( off laval 's look ) I can not turn it off . ext . art gallery STREET - night a warm night , people be out . teens , couple . some old men argue politics . Grace approach the gallery , keep a low profile as she find a angle to look inside . int . art gallery - grace's Pov - night ( mos ) John costa share some merlot with a statuesque elegant woman . she 's laugh , flirt . costa be make she laugh . 37 . ext . art gallery STREET - night Grace quickly cross to the entrance . int . art gallery - grace's Pov - night a older man join they , the woman be he arm candy . costa shake he hand . the older man and the elegant woman exit . int . art gallery - night Grace enter . costa see she , react , genuinely glad to see she . and that throw Grace a beat . she really like he smile . grace Mr. costa . costa you catch I . grace not yet . Grace look over the art . costa toussant Jean Bernard . I meet he in Haiti last year . very troubled life . outlive all he child . and he have ten . he lose he wife to cancer and go blind . pass away last year . grace overpriced folk art . be it the work of a soul that have suffer ? sure . be he exploration as a artist groundbreake ? no . costa ouch . and I be go to send you two and charge they to you amex . grace I could not afford it . costa be look at she , look through she . costa what about daddy 's amex ? I have sell quite a bit of art to poor little rich girl like you . ( continued ) 38 . continued : Grace grow tense . grace Excuse I . costa try the wine . grace I be partial to beer . and I do not have long . I come by to thank you for you help . and I apologize if you be detain . you do the right thing . try to save he . costa why , thank you . agent vanderholt. ( give she a card ) I be have a show Friday . you should come by and meet some good people . grace who know . where would you learn cpr ? costa Medical school . before I drop out . I have a moment of clarity : in anatomy class I realize I would rather draw body than cut they up . and when I realize I could not make art , I decide to sell it . grace some journey . costa it 's take I all over the world . grace about Monday again , do you see Mr. Ford fight back ? costa at first I think I be interrupt something , you know ? grace no , I do not . costa I think they be hugging . then the gun come out when he see I . ( continued ) 39 . continued : grace I guess that 's it . thanks . Grace hand he a card . grace if you remember any detail or need anything . ( off he look ) anything related to the case , please call I . costa okay . think about Friday . please , Grace ? Grace will ; she exit . int . HOTEL room - night Grace have turn the romantic little room into a cave of paperwork . Notes and photo cover the wall . Grace read a phone bill tape to a lamp . circle a number that keep reappearing . int . task force room - day ( 6:03 a.m . ) the place be gear up for a new day . Grace cross to where laval and reynaud struggle awake with coffee and the morning paper . Grace take a seat , grab the sport section . a young detective eat a grapefruit . grace Morning . can you run this name ? she get twenty hang - up call from Edward 's phone . the Young detective take a Post - it from Grace and cross . grace what happen to that beautiful thumbprint on the orange juice glass , you get a id ? inspector laval no hit . he 's never be fingerprinted . grace shit . any activity on Edward 's account ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : inspector laval nothing . I think he become Edwards a year ago . he be a software engineer . do everything by the internet , he never meet anyone face to face . Grace trade reynaud for the front page . grace why a year ago . inspector laval Edwards go on a river trip . kohler be a guide . Grace react . laval toss she some papers . inspector laval that be e-mail between kohler and Edwards discuss the trip one year ago . grace you connect Edwards and kohler ? somebody be work all night . inspector laval I could not sleep . grace we suspect kill kohler on the river , life he life a year , kill Edwards and assume he id for a year . then he stalk Ford , kill he but be interrupt by costa . think he 's piss at costa ? inspector laval of course . the Young detective return with a report , hand it to Grace . young detective agent vanderholt , a report come back on the name . int . unmarked car - moving - day laval drive fast through a neat , modest neighborhood . Grace marvel at the police report . ( continued ) 41 . continued : grace she must have sound like a total fruitcake . inspector laval this be it . Grace watch laval . he look pretty rough this morning . grace let I go and be non-threatening . int . asher house - day knocking on the front door . the woman from the ferry answer the door . her name be rebecca asher . she open the door , smile warmly at Grace . mrs . asher hi , please come in . thank you for come . int . asher house - live room - day classy decor . Grace sip Earl grey . admire the impressive antique . mrs . asher I be glad they finally send someone , that hang - up call have I terrify . they start right after I see he . ( a beat ) I look he directly in the eye . there be a moment of mutual recognition . grace do you think it 's Martin call and hang up ? mrs . asher it could not sound crazier , but who else ? grace be you ever ask to identify he body ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : mrs . asher the body ? yes , they show I some remain that have be hit by a pickup truck . the upper body be crush . there be no face . I get physically ill . Mrs. Asher study Grace . mrs . asher you be not canadian , be you ? grace no. I be with the FBI . Grace show she cred . mrs . asher there be three . about two week ago . I begin turn off my telephone when I go to bed . grace you have some very nice thing , Mrs. Asher . mrs . asher thank you . some of they have be in my family for several generation . please call I Rebecca . Grace look at picture on the wall of a good-look , athletic kid . they stop at age fourteen . grace be that Martin ? mrs . asher no. that 's reese . Martin 's older brother . he drown in a terrible accident . Grace note a photo of a smile young reese receive a long distance swim trophy . grace I be so sorry , Rebecca . how do he drow ? mrs . asher the San Michel River . Martin fall out of they raft and reese jump in to save he . ( more ) ( continued ) 43. continued : mrs . asher ( cont 'd ) there be a lot of snowmelt that year . Martin reach the bank . reese do not . it be they fourteenth birthday . grace they fourteenth birthday ? mrs . asher they be twin . identical twin . grace you say reese be older . mrs . asher by three minute . they be very different boy . grace to lose one son so young , then to lose the other two year later ; to think you have lose he . that must have be devastating . Mrs. Asher light a cigarette . cross to the window , so poise , so tragic . Grace study she with a critical eye . mrs . asher reese be very charismatic and outgo . Martin be introverted . he never thrive like reese . he be a very disturb young man . reese be Martin 's world . Martin never recover he equilibrium after we lose he . he change . Martin begin to intimidate I . he could be very menace . he begin imitate reese at school and that lead to fight with other student . at sixteen he steal some jewelry that be very precious to I and run away . a few day later the Thunder Bay police call and say my son have be kill change a tire . grace the police want you to sign this so they can exhume the body in Martin 's grave and verify identity . ( continued ) 44 . continued : Mrs . Asher take the paper . mrs . asher I will sign it . I already know somebody else 's son be in that casket . the phone ring . mrs . asher Excuse I . Mrs. Asher cross to the kitchen and answer . Grace look around , take a look down a hallway . laughter o.s. as Mrs. Asher chat with a friend . int . bathroom - day Grace poke she head in , look around . nothing of note . int . mrs . asher' bedroom - day the door open and Grace peer in . flow silk , throw pillow , like a sultan 's tent . interesting . int . the boy ' room - day Grace open the door . bingo . more laughter o.s. a bed , still make . Old toy . Sports equipment . a " R " on the headboard . on the other side ; shadow on the wall where picture use to hang . indent in the carpet . where a bed use to be . Grace 's brow furrow . Martin have be erase . int . hallway - day growling . Grace turn . see a diminutive doberman snarling at she . the miniature hound guard a door . a door with several lock . Grace take a step toward it . the tiny dog bare its fang . Grace reach for a deadbolt . the little dog growling . one deadbolt be open . click . Grace open the other one . ( continued ) 45 . continued : Grace crack the door . darkness , stair lead to the basement . mrs . asher ( o.s. ) the bathroom be there . Grace startles . Mrs. Asher be right behind she . grace I know . I be snooping . Grace close the door . Mrs. Asher escort Grace away , past the boy ' room . mrs . asher ( be : the boy ' room ) my friend call it the shrine . it can be difficult to let go . grace I know . a beat . mrs . asher he 's kill people , be not he ? Grace nod : yes . Mrs. Asher assume as much . grace that do not surprise you ? mrs . asher no . it do not . int . unmarked car - moving - day Grace get in . laval shave with a electrical razor . laval pull out . grace that lady be definitely a queen without a country . I should have curtsied . ( watch he shave ) hygiene on the road . very efficient . the razor die . leave laval half - shaven . inspector laval merde ! ( continued ) 46 . continued : Grace try not to laugh , hand he a form . grace she sign . start digging . ext . graveyard - day a back hoe rip a bucket of earth from amidst the grave . a couple uniform watch . int . autopsy room - day a cheap wood coffin sit on a gurney . the lid have be remove . Grace , laval and reynaud peer inside and react . reynaud look ill . medical examiner hmm . could be worse after get run over by a pickup and twenty year in the ground . int . autopsy room - day ( 10 minute later ) the body have be move to the exam table . cover with mold the corpse seem to be upholster with baby blue velvet . the Medical examiner check the scale . medical examiner body get mix up all the time . Police find the wallet , call the mother and nothing be cross - check . this be he head . Medical examiner pull a plastic bag from the coffin . slice it open , revealing skull fragment and tooth . pass they off to a assistant . medical examiner ( to the assistant ) get that to Doctor shivani and make sure someone sign for it . ( to Grace ) she will rebuild he jaw line and check it against Martin Asher 's dental x-ray . grace how soon , sir ? medical examiner ( shrug ) this be a priority case , this afternoon maybe . 47 . int . police gym - day five xl -size cop pump iron before they shift . camera find grace . she 's do sit-up on a decline bench , hold a 25 - pound plate to she chest . she 's a machine . sweating . intense . the cop can not help but to be impressed . Grace 's cell ring . she do not stop , do sit-up faster . at the last second she answer . grace ( into phone , panting ) vanderholt . inspector laval ( v.o. ) ( filter ) be I interrupt something ? grace yes . what ? inspector laval ( v.o. ) the x-ray do not match . grace find the real Martin Asher . he 's you killer . ( a beat ) you better get he mother someplace safe . ext . posh HOTEL lobby - night a unmarked park with laval and Grace inside . they watch : int . posh HOTEL lobby - grace's Pov - night mrs . asher check in . int . unmarked car - night grace how would she finagle a room there ? inspector laval she 's a very slick woman . ( continued ) 48 . continued : grace she do not have one picture of Martin . not one . even cut he out of the old yearbook . and she have a basement door like a vault . she 's hide something . in the basement of she house . what be it , ten minute away from here ? her house . a beat . laval look at Grace , decide he can trust she . inspector laval if she 's under we protection and something happen to she house , she belonging , the department could be liable . there could be a lawsuit . grace you be right . we should make sure she front door be lock . laval make a u-turn . int . asher house - night the front door open . revealing Grace , and laval as he pocket a lockpick gun . inspector laval I will stay outside . kill he if he 's in there . grace yeah , I will get them . Grace enter with a flashlight and a pistol . she cautiously clear each room until she be sure she be alone . Grace cross to the hallway . the little dog be there . growling . Grace toss it a hamburger patty . grace let 's be friend . the dog happily attack its treat as Grace open the deadbolt on the door the little dog be guard . 49 . int . basement - night Grace descend creaking stop . shine she light around . Old box . Furniture . forgotten thing . Dust . Grace be look for something and she 's not sure what . she spot a door chain . she move some box . find a leather razor strop hang next to a small door . Grace 's hand undoe the chain . lift the latch and open the door as rusted hinges squeal . int . martin be cell - night Grace move aside cobweb with she big flashlight . the room be tiny . expose joist overhead . Grace sit on the cold concrete . a sleep bag roll in the corner . one wall be just chicken wire . her flashlight beam stab at the yawn darkness beneath the house . there be a public school desk chair combo . the name martin neatly carve into it , then scratch out . a break light bulb overhead , its wire run to a corner of the house . Grace cautiously unroll the sleep bag . a pair of sock , underwear , T-shirt neatly fold inside . she roll it back up . find a large jar , pick it up . very old fece inside , a makeshift toilet . she set it down . Grace pull the door shut . and turn off she flashlight . pitch black . so quiet . she sit there , in the musty little cage . listen to she breathing , to she heart beat . so lonely , so frightening . a tear roll down she cheek . she sniffle , wipe away the tear . a beat . Grace hear scratching . she click on she light . grace's flashback - int . martin be cell - night young martin asher be huddle in the corner , shiver , crying and whimpering . Martin look at we with haunt eye . int . martin be cell - night ( present ) Grace react , nothing be there . chuckle for scare herself . Grace feel the chicken wire . more scratching . Grace freeze . listen carefully . mice ? something move closer . ( continued ) 50 . continued : she swing she flashlight on : two fiery eye . wham ! something big slam into the chicken wire . teeth flash , growling . it 's a badger . Grace almost shoot it . the fearless beast growls . Grace kick the door open and run out of there . int . unmarked car - moving - night laval drive back to montreal . Grace be shake . grace I think I just shave ten year off my life . inspector laval ah , you do feel fear . grace yes . rabies scare I . only raby . nothing else . her cell ring . grace ( into phone ) vanderholt . costa ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Grace . someone break into my office . Minutes ago . grace at the art gallery ? costa ( v.o. ) yes . my office here . grace be they still there ? costa ( v.o. ) no . grace do you call the police ? costa ( v.o. ) you tell I to call you if anything happen . ( continued ) 51 . continued : grace we will be right there . I be send a car . do not touch anything . ext . art gallery - night two police cruiser screech to a stop outside . int . art gallery office - night wooden painting crate everywhere . a table see for make frame . costa be distress . Grace look at a message type onto he computer screen . costa I do all my call to Europe and shipping stuff at night . my address book be on the screen when I go out for coffee . I come back and this be on the screen . grace how long be you go ? costa ten minute . maybe . when I return , that be on the screen . insert computer screen : mr. costa : meet I tonight @ les frer on rue chaucer . cu @ the bar 1:30 a.m. reynaud take a picture of the screen . laval check the door 's lock . find no mark . give costa a look . costa be this about the strangling ? be that guy after I ? grace please relax , Mr. costa . we do not know if there 's a connection yet . inspector laval be anything miss . costa no. everything 's here . ( a beat ) shit . he take my organizer and my business checkbook . Grace nod for laval to step outside with she . 52 . ext . alley behind gallery - day Grace and laval . grace how do we know costa do not stage this ? for attention or something . inspector laval he 's happy to see you . but the alarm be jumpere . do you think costa know how to jumper a alarm ? grace we should take the computer . costa who have follow they out , overhear . costa do not take the computer . that 's my brain . costa turn to Grace . costa I be not make this up . believe I . Grace shrug , see a ATM face the alley . grace should I believe you ? Grace cross to the ATM . peer into its security camera . grace or should I believe this . costa believe what you want . he 's cocky , Grace like that . ext . alley - ATM video - night be fast forward . costa exit he office . lock the door . he walk toward camera and exit frame . a man' silhouette in the alley . cross towards the office door . a ATM customer block the shot . the ATM customer move on . ( continued ) 53. continued : nobody be there . then : martin asher exit costa 's office . close the door . approach camera , nonchalant . his face be clear ; the pierce eye , the sharp feature . Asher exit frame . fast forward some more until costa enter frame and cross to he office with a cup of coffee . the video stop . it rewind . freeze on asher . CUT wide to : int . task force room - night costa , Grace , laval and reynaud . costa stand there look at Asher 's image on the video monitor . inspector laval be that the man you see choke Mr. Ford ? fear flash across costa 's face . costa I must of walk right past he . grace Mr. costa , be that the man you see kill Mr. Ford in the parking lot ? costa yes . that 's he . that be the man I see murder Todd Ford in the parking lot outside my gym . no doubt . now will you go catch he , please ? grace thank you . I just need you to say it . costa who be this guy ? he 's like a ninja . sneak into my office . how dangerous be he ? do he want to kill I ? grace John , no harm will come to you . listen to I . no harm will come to you . I promise . anyone who want to hurt you will have to get through this two for starter . ( continued ) 54 . continued : she gesture at laval and reynaud . costa turn to they . costa how many people have you kill ? reynaud shrug . inspector laval you will be safe , my friend . grace we want you to be there tonight . a beat , costa smile . realize she 's serious . costa no. I be not meeting he . absolutely not . you ever go fishing ? the bait always die . grace he will not get within fifty foot of you . the second we see he , the cuff go on . costa ( adamant ) Grace , no . int . stakeout van - night costa give Grace a look as reynaud tape a microphone to the body armor he be wear . costa what if he shoot I in the head ? inspector reynaud I will take the bullet for you like the secret service . okay , friend ? reynaud be serious . Grace help costa with he shirt . costa you be good . you could move a lot of art if you want to . they eye meet for a beat . costa and inspire some too , I be sure . right then something very rare happen ; Grace blushes . 55 . int . les frer - night ( 1:29 am ) ultra-hip . the dance floor throbs with clubgoer . the dj thump a eurobeat . costa sit at the bar . people all around he , jostling to buy drink . two busy bartender sling booze . costa find the noise and crowd absolutely nerve - wrack . he twirl the ice in he scotch with a finger . stare at the clock . 1:31 am . he 's nervous , sweat bead he forehead . a big bartender , a undercover cop , pour costa a scotch . bartender do not worry . you be do fine . costa could you look any more like a cop ? bartender what ? costa could I have some water ? I be cooking in this thing . costa scratch around the neck of the hot body armor . the bartender give he a dasani . various angle : a half - dozen undercover be mix in with the clubgoer . camera find reynaud sit at the bar near costa , give costa a reassure nod through the crowd . int . unmarked car - night ( 1:53 am ) park outside the club . Grace and laval watch costa via the tv build into the dash . grace costa fit Asher 's choice of victim . Travels the World look for art . single . no kid or anything . ( look around ) Asher 's here somewhere . watch . with all the patience in the world . ( continued ) 56 . continued : inspector laval I wish I have he patience . he should be a cop . his mother should be punish . like the owner of pit bull that attack kid . grace you get kid ? inspector laval Three . grace do not keep they in a cage . int . les frer - night ( 2:03 am ) costa look miserable . overheate , anxiously nursing he water . he look around . then react . a note sit on the bar top . right in front of he . costa look around . only see strange face . costa carefully unfold the note . it read : " meet I in the restroom now . " int . hallway - night costa walk down a narrow hallway . paint peel . music mute . Red light bulb hang from the ceiling . approach the men' room , costa look over he shoulder . no one be watch . int . men' room - continuous action costa cautiously push open the door . stepping inside . dingy tile . dripping faucet . several stall . the room seem empty . costa swallow , bend down . check under the stall . nothing . nothing . nothing ... then. something . at the far stall . a pair of man 's shoe . Black . Polished . facing the stall door . wait ... costa freeze . back away as ... the stall door slowly swing open . hinges creak . a foot , a trouser cuff . a leg step out ... ( continued ) 57 . continued : a black man emerge . one of the guy at the end of the bar . costa exhales . a bundle of nerve . black man go outside . costa eye he . costa what ? black man we be call it off . ext . alley outside club - night costa burst from the fire exit , feed up . he rip off the wire , he struggle out of the body armor . Grace and laval watch . costa I have a life . I can not play superhero for you . I do not handle stress very well . I have a art show to open tomorrow and I do not know what I be put on the wall yet . grace I know you have a life . so do the people who have lose theirs . someone else might die if you do not help we . every time someone die it affect forty , fifty life . costa look at she , arm on he hip . costa Grace , I have be cooperate . I even draw you a picture . you can not put you responsibility on I . you have a badge , not I . grace if somebody else die , and you know you could have do more to stop it , you be go to feel like shit for a very long time , Mr. costa . a beat . that resonate with costa . ( continued ) 58 . continued : costa I want to help you guy but I do not have time to hang out and listen to bad techno . a beat . grace it 's okay to be scared . costa scare ? I be off - the-chart terrify . there 's a piss - off serial killer after I . I mean , what do I do to he ? grace you see he and that 's enough . do not stop live you life . you will be protect by armed officer twenty - four seven . costa until he 's catch ? grace ( softly ) I can not promise you that . costa be tear , Grace empathize with he . costa I have a lot of work to do . grace a car be watch the gallery . you will be okay . costa look at Grace . he decide to trust she . int . director gillet' office - day director gillet lean against a wall , smoking a pipe . Grace , laval , reynaud sit on the tired couch . director gillet so who be in Asher 's grave ? inspector laval Dan soulsby . he go miss from the alberta military Institute two day before the accident . ( continued ) 59 . continued : grace I be sure soulsby 's death be a homicide , Asher see the opportunity and take it . he become soulsby and bum around Seattle for a couple year . director gillet why be Asher after costa ? why be not he in Mexico get a new face ? grace costa see he . costa catch he in the act , catch he be Martin Asher . see first by he mother , then by costa . for the first time he 's fail at take a life , and since we find the apartment , he can not be Edwards . to be see , to be recognize , be a horrifying thing to Asher . he have no identity and want it that way . director gillet where be the real Mr. Edwards ? grace likely dead and bury south of the border somewhere . ( beat ) South of the american border somewhere . Visa record put Asher , use kohler 's id and Edwards at a mexican surf resort . Edwards ' last charge be sixteen hundred dollar at a ' no question ask ' facelift clinic in guadalajara . director gillet tap out he pipe . look at a new , more detailed portrait of Asher . director gillet have you contact the clinic ? inspector laval yes . they be also ' no question answer . ' Mr. kohler suddenly pay off he credit card bill , thanks to money from Edwards . ( continued ) 60 . continued : director gillet keep 's the collection agency off the trail . how do we flush Mr. Asher ? grace he 's focus on costa . who fit the profile of Asher 's victim . he go on costa 's computer and E - mail copy of costa 's file to a e-mail account in Denmark . constant threat of discovery , Asher will become more disorganize . laval and reynaud agree . director gillet okay . my office will arrange a press conference . I will tell a room full of correspondent we have a suspect who be dead and murder victim who be alive . and I will sound like a madman . grace it do sound crazy . that 's what the press like , sir . int . police build lobby - news video - day director gillet stand tall before a podium . blind by light . a bouquet of microphone in he face . beside he be a haunt poster-size portrait of Martin Asher . director gillet Mr. Asher , we know who you really be . we will find you and we will arrest you . you can hide no longer . ext . art gallery - day poster advertise summerfest . CITY worker put up barricade and porto-potty . int . art gallery - day two carpenter uncrate and hang painting . 61 . on costa lose in think . he study a series of vivid painting lean against the wall . he cross . change the order . step back . something be not right . carpenter Mr. costa , some man in that car have be watch this place all morning . the carpenter look out the window . costa they be protect the art . go ahead and hang that . be very careful . carpenter yessir . costa hear a police radio . spin around . Grace and reynaud have enter . costa be apprehensive . what now ? Grace give he a reassure smile . grace Security be go to be very solid tonight . she wave he out of earshot of the carpenter . they face be close . Grace get butterfly . costa be he go to show up tonight ? what do I do , offer he a drink ? grace he will not show . but we want to be here in case he do . four plainclothes officer will form a perimeter watch the four corner . costa a perimeter , excellent . grace yes . and four plainclothes officer will be in here . mingling . costa mingling ? I do not need four bruiser crash through my clientele . ( continued ) 62 . continued : grace the officer will be very discreet . we will not interfere with you thing . costa with my thing . will you be mingling ? grace sure . if you feel safer . costa much safer . ext . art gallery - night summerfest , a street festival , be just warming up . it could be mardi gras , plastic cup and glowstick . int . art gallery - night ( 9:39 pm ) a cut edge club feel . a dj spin a captivate mellow mix . the gallery be fill patron abuzz with chit-chat . Inspector laval and reynaud study the patron . inspector laval ( subtitle french ) this painting cost more than my house . reynaud shake he head . find grace she 's stun and shy about it . she examine a painting . a gentle hand touch she back . she turn . it 's costa . he hand she a highball . grace thanks . costa you look a little anxious . grace ( be : she dress ) this be not I . ( continued ) 63. continued : costa it 's all you . Grace give costa a look . she sip she drink , nod at the painting . grace I be try to get into the show , but I mean . what be this ? it look like somebody napalm the Garden of eden . costa mango . ripe mango hang on a branch . now she see it . grace oh. okay . why the border ? almost every painting have one . be he in prison or something ? costa react , impressed by Grace . costa most people do not notice . this be from he prison series . he could see a mango grove through he cell window . he make some of the pigment himself . from flower . from he own blood . grace what be he crime ? costa he attack he neighbor with a machete . there be a woman involved . grace always be . Grace sip she drink , let herself relax . she enjoy costa 's company . grace he have a lot of lover , do not he ? costa dozen . he be a consumer of life 's pleasure . ( continued ) 64 . continued : grace now he 's dead and you get rich ? costa his child form a corporation , I take ten percent . I be not a buccaneer , Grace . Grace look at costa and smile . costa what ? grace I do not think I have ever meet anyone quite like you . costa you be very sensitive for ... grace a FBI agent ? the elegant woman spot costa and cross . she lay a hand on costa 's shoulder . he turn and they kiss cheek . elegant woman John , it 's amazing tonight . I want to cry , I be so touch . Grace watch she hand linger on costa 's arm . and be amaze that she feel jealous . she catch costa 's eye . grace Mr. costa , I would like to discuss a arrangement for the series . the elegant woman react . elegant woman just a sec , John . she cross to the older man in b.g. costa be miff . costa what be you do ? grace she 's not write the check . the elegant woman return with the older man . he grab costa 's hand . ( continued ) 65 . continued : older man John , it 's incredible what you have put together . ( aside to costa ) the thing we be talk about the other day , well I would like to proceed . Hell , I be sick of make two percent in the market . costa Dick , they be yours . the older man smile , shake costa 's hand . the elegant woman look at Grace , arm cross , enjoy she victory . Grace play along , stalk off , hide a grin . int . art gallery - night a few minute later costa find Grace at the turntable look through the dj 's record . grace do not you miss wax ? costa you help I close the biggest sale of the night . grace what 's my cut ? costa what do you want ? Grace smile coyly . grace I do not know . costa look at Grace for a long beat . not sure what she game be , or if he want to play . costa let I know when you do . Excuse I . costa walk away . Grace react ; she do not want that . int . art gallery - bathroom - night costa take a leak . he 's in a good mood . ( continued ) 66 . continued : the window above the stall be open . the noise of the partying crowd on the sidewalk outside . costa finish , wash he hand . pause . smoothes he hair . someone behind he costa look in the mirror and react . martin asher stare at he from the mirror . no doubt who it be . Asher be wound tight , not at all happy . asher put you hand on the wall . Asher jam a gun in costa 's back . costa be very scared . asher feel that ? costa please be cool with that . I do not wanna get hurt . asher I should blow you spine out . my face be everywhere . I have to hide in the shadow like a fuck animal because of you . costa yessir . I apologize for everything you think I may have do . asher we be move past sorry . you ruin everything . John , soon to be dead , costa . Asher 's eye flash . wham ! Asher slam costa 's face into the mirror . costa 's nose bleed . costa stop it ! int . art gallery - night reynaud stand near the bathroom . he hear that . he approach the door , test the knob . 67 . int . art gallery - bathroom - night the door open . costa hit the deck . Asher spin , aim at reynaud and fire . pop - pop - pop - pop ! reynaud drop and roll out of the line of fire . int . art gallery - night Asher burst from the bathroom , run right over reynaud , who draw he pistol . Grace pull a pistol , laval too . Asher run through the patron . Grace take a knee and aim . she do not have a clear shot . Asher aim he gun straight ahead as he run . people hit the deck . asher out of my way ! pop ! Asher shoot a window , shatter it . he shoulder he way through the safety glass . Grace and laval follow . ext . art gallery - night Chaos . summerfest be in full swing . a swirl , boil crowd of shiny face . Asher dive into they midst . Grace plunge in after he . Inspector laval follow . int . art gallery - bathroom - night costa be stunne , reynaud check he for bullet hole . costa I be okay . from reynaud 's radio : inspector laval ( v.o. ) ( filter , subtitle french ) Jean , he run into the damn crowd . reynaud bolt out of there . ext . festival STREET - night Asher and he pursuer leave a wake of disturb reveler that reynaud follow . Asher run . careen , roll , bounce off people . he have the tireless power of a soccer player . 68 . on grace running . equally tireless . lock onto Asher like a missile . Grace be slowly gain on Asher . laval behind she . running . scream in he radio . inspector laval ( subtitle french ) we be head East . form a line at seychelles . a dozen uniform charge through the crowd . ext . intersection - day Police radios busy with chatter . uniform clear a path for two patrol car . siren whoop as they coast in , tap bumper , block the intersection . police officer form a formidable skirmish line . shout for reveler to move aside . ext . festival STREET - night Asher run . gun in he pocket . elbow he way through the crowd . Asher react . he see the gauntlet of uniform and patrol car block the intersection ahead . Asher shove he hand in he pocket ... boom ! boom - boom ! pop - pop - pop ! thunderous gunfire . Grace hit the deck . the uniform hit the deck . the crowd scream , clap and whistle . it 's not gunfire ... tilt up . firework unfold in the night sky like giant flower of fire . Rivers of spark . Grace recover she foot with palpable relief , she think she be dead for a second . Grace look around for Asher . laval reach she . grace shit . you see he ? pop - pop - boom ! more firework . laval gesture for some uniform to spread out . ( continued ) 69 . continued : a shrill scream o.s. from a apartment building . Grace run into the building . laval follow she . int . apartment - hallway - night Grace and laval run . more scream o.s. they run upstairs . int . apartment - upstair hallway - continuous action a upset woman be in the hall , stand by the just - be kick - in door of she apartment . Grace and laval charge inside . int . upset woman' apartment - night the sliding glass door to the balcony have be shattered . below and beyond be a long rooftop . madly light by a swirl of bright light . a huge outdoor dance floor throbs with energy in a park along the St. lawrence River . grace sees -- asher jump from the far end of the roof . ext . rooftop - night laval will go no further . Grace get a run start , jump from the apartment window , tuck and roll . on she foot again , Grace sprint along the roof . firework boom and pop overhead . thumping techno . Grace reach the edge of the roof . react . reynaud have catch up with she . ext . river park - grace's Pov - night Asher have vanish into a vast sea of dancers , adorn with strobing and glow jewelry . the beat dominate all sound . 70 . ext . river park - night Grace and reynaud trade look , tenacious street cop at heart , they holster they gun and jump into the crowd . find asher -- a dozen yard away . he stalk a dance raver who wear a huge bundle of glow necklace . Asher snatch necklace . disappear into a wall of dancers . find grace -- she and reynaud scan the move body for Asher . Grace glimpse the back of Asher 's head . Grace and reynaud tear through the crowd like bull , work together , a bond moment . Asher be a arm 's length ahead of Grace . she reach out , she finger snag the cloth of he shirt . Asher turn ... it's not asher . Grace shove he aside and move on . she sees a disturbance up ahead . Grace shoulder she way through the crowd . Grace and reynaud converge on the disturbance . they cleave through onlooker to reveal ... a fight two drunk college jock slug it out . Grace look around ; no Asher . angry , frustrated , Grace grab one of the jock , hurl he to the ground . six uniform swarm in and arrest the two jock . reynaud throw up he arm in frustration . he look at Grace , they know they have be beat . ext . river park - crane shot - night pull back to reveal Grace and reynaud surround by a ocean of body in motion . camera find a dancer . some dude with he shirt off grind on three hotties . push in on the dancer . ( continued ) 71 . continued : it 's Asher . his face be a evil green from he mane of pilfere gel glow necklace . Red plastic cup in hand , Asher enjoy the boisterous anonymity . asher' eye dangerous and cold . they track Grace as she move through the crowd . Asher grab one of the hotty , begin make out with she . Grace search the crowd . scan face . Grace pass within foot of Asher . Asher smirk . now another hottie want a kiss . Asher comply . int . art gallery - night it 's late . costa have a beer , he nose bandage . inspector finish up question patron . Grace enter , cross to costa . she 's tense , wound tight . grace ( o.s. ) need a ride home ? costa look at she . despite everything , he face show he be glad to see Grace . int . unmarked car - moving - late night Grace drive . costa in the passenger seat . costa the night start out great . everything gell . everyone be happy . you help land a big fish and the feed frenzy start . six figure piece be fly off the wall . ( shiver ) he say he be go to blow out my spine . I be think surgery . six month in bed . Exercise pool . never walk again . Grace look at he . costa be worried . ( continued ) 72 . continued : costa he be in my bathroom and none of you could stop he . I need to leave town . grace that might be a good idea . until then I will check under you bed for monster . costa look at she . Grace give he a warm , open stare . costa I would appreciate that very much . ( a beat ) can I profile you ? I read you book . grace please , do not . costa thirty - something , single white female . best school best grade . discover adrenaline police the inner city . grace ( cut in ) John , stop it . please . let 's shift the conversation from I and my business onto something inbound . costa okay . be you go to my funeral when Martin Asher cut my throat ? they both know she 's be lowball the threat . we can tell Grace be truly concerned for costa 's welfare . costa you let he get away . Grace take that hard . grace no excuse . I be sorry . costa I mean you in the general sense . ( a beat ) can you catch he ? ( continued ) 73. continued : grace we get he name . we catch everyone sooner or later . costa sooner , please . int . costa' apartment - night ( 3:33 a.m . ) spacious , lofty . costa and Grace enter . costa careful . costa scoot aside a pile of clothing . the newspaper . cool art , sketches , image all over the wall . reminiscent of Grace 's hotel room . and a very cool view of downtown . Grace take everything in . Art book , sketch pad . pile high on the desk . she look at the ceiling . sees note and sketches tape up . Grace laugh to herself . costa I be sorry . it 's a sty . must be a profiling mother lode . grace I be do profiling you . I get you figure out . costa a fail healer , a fail artist . Grace look at a draw on the wall . costa wince , he do not want she to notice it . grace be that how you see yourself ? costa no . that 's you . I do it last night . grace this be how you see I ? costa no . it 's how I think you see yourself . ( continued ) 74 . continued : grace and how do you see I ? costa lick he lip . costa that would be out of bound . Grace look at he . costa look at she . a stare match . costa and Grace try not to laugh . they end up giggle . costa what be that ? grace I do not know . John , game be fun . but head game be dangerous . costa then keep you head out of it . a beat . Grace shrug , back to business . grace the justice minister be go to relocate you to another city until Mr. Asher be in custody . costa I do not know what you deal be . one second you be so there , then all I get be the badge . grace I apologize if you have be get the wrong signal . costa yeah . relocate where ? grace another province . they want you on a flight tomorrow morning . costa this monster come into my life and I have to leave ? a uniform sergeant enter . ( continued ) 75 . continued : sergeant my people be in place . grace thank you , sergeant . the sergeant exit . costa this be surreal . what do I pack ? grace what you need . mover can get the rest . costa I need tomorrow morning to finish up my business here . grace I will let they know . this be goodbye . neither of they feel very good about it . costa I think you be go to check under my bed . Grace smile , play along , cross , look under the bed , stretch for costa . driving he nut . grace no monster . costa thank you . Grace hold out she hand . they shake . grace I probably will not see you again until the trial . if there be a trial . costa Goodbye , then . costa lean across she , brace himself against the wall . a bold move . now they be eye to eye . Grace kiss costa for a long beat . Grace break the kiss . hold a finger to she lip ; shhh . she turn and exit . the door shut behind she . costa be go to miss Grace . 76 . ext . costa' apartment - day the next morning . laval pull up in unmarked # 1 , next to the patrol car that have be guard costa 's apartment . with a wave the uniform behind the wheel drive off . laval exit he car . cross to costa 's door . new angle reynaud and Grace have just pull to the curb a half block away . int . unmarked # 2 - day reynaud behind the wheel , turn to Grace . inspector reynaud you spend a lot of time with costa . Grace be not sure if that 's a accusation . inspector reynaud I like he . he 's a good guy . Grace smile . ext . costa' apartment - day laval ringing the bell . a white plumber' van pull up behind laval 's unmark . a plumber get out . coverall , clipboard . cross to another apartment . costa open the door . with two pack bag . laval take one . costa take one last look at he home . lock the door . laval watch the plumber knocking a couple door down . costa and laval cross to unmark # 1 . the plumber approach they . costa look at he , react . the plumber be martin asher . a gun in he hand . laval drop costa 's bag , reach for he holster ... pop - pop - pop ! Asher drop laval with three to the face . ( continued ) 77 . continued : costa stare in disbelief at the mortally wounded cop . Asher shove costa into the driver 's seat of unmark # 1 . asher you be drive . int . unmarked # 2 - moving - day reynaud gun it . int . unmarked # 1 - day costa behind the wheel . Asher in the passenger seat . costa you just shot a cop . asher let 's go . go! costa hit the gas and pull out . ext . costa' apartment - day screech ! reynaud slide to a stop . leap from the still - move car and check he friend laval . who be no more . Grace want to get Asher . grace you stay or go ? inspector reynaud I be not leave . Grace slide behind the wheel . and take off in the muscular cop car . int . unmarked # 1 - moving - day costa drive . scare to death . Asher have the gun in he lap aim at costa 's face . Asher look exhaust . hound . Asher note the police radio . ( continued ) 78 . continued : asher Jesus , he be a cop . he 's dead because of you , because you make the choice . the choice to fuck with I . that , John , be a very bad choice . a T intersection ahead . costa which way ? Left , right ? asher left. costa make the turn . it lead to a highway . asher you be dead , John costa . you fuck with the wrong man , shitsmear . costa be shaking , look in the rearview . Asher rip the rearview off the windshield . asher faster , asshole . costa I be flooring it . asher shut up . faster . costa pull onto the highway , buckle he safety belt . Asher scoff at the gesture , then do likewise . asher give I you wallet . give it over . right now . costa do . Asher look through it , pocket it . costa try to focus on drive . costa be you go to kill I ? asher you be goddamn right I be . I have be dream about it , John . int . unmarked # 2 - moving - day Grace flooring it . sail onto the highway . 79 . ext . two - lane highway - day costa 's unmark race northward , out of the city . Grace catch up . int . unmarked # 1 - moving - day costa get stick behind a slow - move truck . asher pass the truck , John . before I blow you head off ! costa God help I . costa swing out to pass the truck . a oncoming truck a head - on imminent . the buick swerve onto the shoulder . just miss they . int . unmarked # 2 - moving - day Grace watch costa 's unmark scrape past the truck . a side mirror be knock off . the oncoming buick swerve back onto the asphalt . overcompensate , now head right for Grace ... Grace react , swerve . bam ! the car hit . Grace get a face full of airbag . ext . two lane highway - day Grace 's car spin off the road . stop in a ditch . a beat . the buick 's hulk block the road . Grace exit the unmark . daze but unhurt . she cross to the buick . Three high school girl be in the car . grace be everyone okay ? they seem alright . girl # 1 yeah . ( continued ) 80 . continued : girl # 2 I think so . girl # 3 omigod , I have to call my mom . a police car screech to a stop . then another police car . Grace run to one of the police car . grace they be okay . let 's go . ( point up the road ) he just shot a cop . Grace jump in the passenger seat . the cop look at she . grace let 's go . bad guy 's that way . the cop nod , punch it . int . unmarked # 1 - moving - day costa be drive towards the mountain . driving through the pine forest . asher there . turn there . a hard - to- see side road . costa jam the brake to make the turn . Asher slap he . asher careful . costa okay . sorry . sorry . you do not want to do this . asher yes I do . John , do you have any idea how many people I have kill ? it 's always be business . this time be personal . costa please be cool . c'mon , we do not even know each other . ( continued ) 81 . continued : asher shut up . Art man . you be stupid or crazy or both . will you drive faster ? I will shoot you in the thigh . will that get you attention . costa speed up . costa do not , man . I get money . you want money , I will give you money . I get painting . what do you want ? talk to I , Martin . asher I be not Martin . there be no Martin . costa of course . no Martin . what do you want ? what 's my life worth to you ? asher nothing . and everything . this be deeper than money . shut up . talk be do . talk be over . understand that . you be over . just shut the fuck up . Asher light a cigarette . a sharp turn ahead . costa speed up . costa okay , please , Martin . Martin . be cool . Asher aim he pistol at costa 's head . asher ( really piss ) who the fuck be Martin ? costa set he brow in determination ; he be drive straight at a large tree ... Asher react . costa jam he thumb into the release button of Asher 's seatbelt ... Asher angrily pull the trigger of he pistol . ( continued ) 82. continued : the unmark car hit the tree ... pow ! airbag deploy . costa 's body be slam by crash force but stay put ... Asher go over he airbag . Asher 's head go through the windshield . int . police car - moving - day the cop gun it into the mountain . a fork in the road . cop which way do I turn ? grace which way 's the river ? go to the river . the cop make a right . ext . forest crash site - day oil smoke and steam pour from the unmark # 1 . costa be alive , cut bad . he look at Asher . costa rot in hell , Martin Asher . int . unmarked # 1 - costa' Pov - day Asher 's head be stick through the windshield , he throat cut bad by glass . he 's alive . Asher panic-suck deep breath . ext . forest crash site - day costa undoe he safety belt . grab the door handle . the door pop open . costa pull himself from the wreck . flame spread under the car . ext./ int . unmarked # 2 - moving - day they race along a mountain road with a view of the St. lawrence River below . they can see far up the road , no sign of the unmark # 1 . Grace look behind they , react . 83. ext . hillside road - grace's Pov - day a column of smoke rise from behind a ridge . int . unmarked # 2 - moving - day grace ( subtitle french ) turn around . ext . forest crash site - day costa lay by the road . motionless , he may be hurt bad . unmarked # 1 be now Martin Asher 's funeral pyre . flame engulf everything . even the glass be melting . boom ! a tire explode . costa stir , crawl on he hand and knee , into the road away from the wreck . pop - pop - pop ! ammunition in the unmark explode from the heat . a police car arrive . screech to a stop alongside costa . Grace leap from the passenger side . she grab costa , help he into the back . pop - pop - pop ! more ammo cooking off . grace let 's go ! int . police car - moving - day the cop back up fast . boom ! another tire . now the tree have catch fire . Grace examine costa , run she hand over costa 's batter body . grace nothing break ? costa I think my hand be break . ( continued ) 84 . continued : Grace look at it . there be no doubt . grace do not move , okay . press he split scalp . grace this hurt ? costa God yes . stop that . grace you be go to the hospital . you will be fine . costa be he dead ? grace very dead . costa relax significantly . he realize Grace be hold he in he arm . so do Grace . it feel good . a FIRE engine head to the crash pass they . ext . forest crash site - day crime scene tape . policemen form a perimeter . the fire be out . a Fire truck pump water for a three - man hose team cool the hot metal . a plume of steam rise up the scorched tree trunk . the car be nothing more than blacken sheet metal . Asher have be reduce to a char torso . int . hospital - day reynaud sit by himself , he head between he knee . mourn laval , dead on a nearby gurney . director gillet cross to he . lay a comforting hand on reynaud 's shoulder . reynaud see who it be , stand crisply , wipe he tear , embarrassed . inspector reynaud I be sorry , sir . ( continued ) 85 . continued : director gillet please , Jean . I call you wife . I be have someone take you home to she . there be nothing leave to do here . reynaud do not want to leave he dead comrade . director gillet I be order you home . reynaud acquiesce . a uniform escort he out of there . director gillet cross to Grace , who be watch he . she sip coffee , a icepack on she ankle . grace you be really good with people . gillet shrug . director gillet how 's Mr. costa ? grace he get off light . with a break wrist and fifty stitches . lucky man . director gillet my luck have run out . until today I have never have to bury a friend . Grace squeeze he arm . grace I be sorry , director . director gillet thankfully it 's over . we have we man . Asher 's DNA match the hair recover on Ford 's body and in the apartment . int . hospital - exam room - day costa 's scalp be be stitched shut . costa 's wrist be in a splint . she watch the doctor sew flesh for a beat . a knock . Grace enter . Grace smile warmly at costa . ( continued ) 86 . continued : grace hey . costa hey. ( wince ) ouch , Doc . that 's not rawhide . doctor I will inject more anesthetic . Grace lean against the wall , smile . grace you okay ? costa I be okay . thank you for rescue I . grace anytime . do you know where he be take you ? costa to my grave . he be go to kill I . grace it 's over . ( a beat ) let I take you out tonight . let 's have some fun . I owe you that . costa what 's fun for you ? you want to go to the shoot range or the morgue ? Grace be hurt by that . costa I be sorry . grace it 's go to take a couple day to depose you and get a full statement . I think you might enjoy a break before you have to ... costa I know a place . you drive . 87 . int . superkool lounge - night ultra mellow . Grace and costa chill on throw - pillow and tapestry . Persian trip-hop and hookah . Grace and costa have melt into a corner where they sip tea . nobody have be more comfortable . costa pour beer from a pitcher . costa I be happy to be alive but it 's like this door have be open . I do not think I be naive . but everything be different now . grace you will fold this experience into you life and be stronger for it . costa how do you deal with it ? all the misery and pain and violence . grace I can stop monster , John . and because I can , I have to . costa so be it a call or a curse ? grace neither . it 's just my job . costa when I be in mo school I see a guy on a harley get t-bon by a daihatsu . he be scream in pain and need help and I know what to do , I have all my cert , but I see all this blood and froze . I fail the big test . bye -bye , mo school . hello , graphic design . grace Roy Wilson . costa the man on the harley . costa react . sigh . costa so you know about that . no wonder you know what to say to keep I cooperate . ( continued ) 88. continued : grace you be a sharp one , John costa . costa you throw I in a tiger cage like a piece of meat . grace that 's right . you be the cheese in the trap . we stop a monster . that 's what matter . Grace be utterly unapologetic . it make costa like she even more . int . HOTEL room - night Grace be in manic clean mode . she pull papers off the wall . shove a pile of clothing in the closet . sweep coffee cup into a wastebasket . she open the door for costa . he enter . the room be still a mess , but it feel safe , cozy . grace I be sorry . I be a pig . costa I do not trust anyone who 's too organize . Grace put some music on the clock radio . grace want a beer ? costa please . she grab a couple cold one from the mini-fridge . costa which be it , be you a runner or chaser ? grace what 's that mean ? costa people like you -- grace people like I ? ( continued ) 89 . continued : costa yeah , people like you . hardcore . gung- ho people like you . and you know what I mean . people like you be either runner or chaser . Grace look at costa . grace you be a trip , John costa . he 's not let she off the hook . she play along . grace okay . I guess I be run and chase . costa react . costa I be sorry . I do not know . grace grow up I quit speak after that . I do not say a word for three year . when you be not in the conversation , you get forget real quick . so I would watch people . Study they . the mouth can say anything , but the body do not lie . the tilt of the head , the way the hand move . Grace draw closer . costa watch she mouth . costa how would you get you voice back ? grace the day my uncle die . the truth explode out of I like a vision . my uncle and Father have be argue , there be a gunshot and my father be dead . costa you be very intense , you know that ? grace I remember my uncle tell I not to say anything . and I do not . ( more ) ( continued ) 90 . continued : grace ( cont 'd ) I make myself forget why . the day he die my voice and my memory come back . I scream for a hour . very primal . I have not shut up since . costa why do you uncle do it ? grace land . great-grandpa own half of Pennsylvania . my uncle want control and sell it all . all that 's leave be a old farmhouse and a horse pasture . ( sadly ) my father 's murderer get away with it because I could not open my mouth . costa that 's a hell of a lot of responsibility for you to put on the shoulder of a eight - year - old girl . Grace blink , look at costa . that 's exactly what she need to hear . grace something good game out of it . the dead can not speak . now I be they voice . costa cup she face and kiss she . Grace break away , a little hesitant . something be bother she . grace Martin Asher be dead , right ? costa react . costa can we please forget about he ? grace that 's the point . he 's dead , so there will not be a trial where you or I would have to admit under oath that we do anything inappropriate . ( continued ) 91 . continued : costa we have not do anything . that 's about to change . Grace stand , pull he off the couch . begins undress he . she find horrible dog-bite scar . grace Jesus . costa in college we try to make my friend 's german shepherd take a bong hit . grace how mean . serve you right . costa pull Grace to she foot . Grace retreate . step by step across the room . costa. pursue . slowly . determined . the heat . the immediacy building . costa grab she . push she . up against the wall . the phone clatter to the floor . Grace 's eye widen . two mouth . inch apart . costa 's hand reach up she skirt . explore . Grace swallow . his hand reach into she panty . Grace 's eye look away . as she grab he arm . pull . push . wanting . her mouth . avoid he . they breath mingling . until . costa 's lip crush down on hers . the kiss devour . knock picture off the wall . Grace 's hand pull he closer . costa pick she up . throw she on the bed . he tear at she blouse . her white lace bra . Grace 's back arching . her leg wrapping around he . as she eye flutter open . look up at the ceiling , she gasp . costa stop . turn . to see what she 's look at . surprise to see picture of Asher 's victim , the crime scene . stare down at they . costa turn to Grace , whisper . costa let they watch . Grace look deep into costa 's eye . nod she head . costa flip she onto she stomach ... 92 . int . HOTEL room - day ( 5:41 a.m. ) Grace and costa spoon . Grace stir . kiss the back of costa 's head . he 's utterly still . int . bathroom - day Grace enter , groggy . turn on the sink . flip on the light . Grace react , stumble back . she 's cover with blood . Grace panic , feel herself for wound . int . HOTEL room - day Grace shake costa . tear well in she eye . grace john. john. costa stir . costa mmmmm . Morning . he see the blood . do not really react . costa my stitches must have rip . Grace hand he a towel . press it against he shoulder . grace I think you be scared of blood ? costa you better take a shower . int . autopsy room - night ( 4:30 a.m. ) Mrs. Asher look at Martin Asher 's remain . the char torso , blacken thighbone . Mrs. Asher reach for Asher 's red swollen face . medical examiner please do not touch the remain . ( continued ) 93. continued : she give he a wither look . mrs . asher nineteen year ago I stand in this same room and you predecessor show I a washtub full of blood and gut and tell I it be my son . I will touch anything I want , Doctor . I be not go through this a third time . he hand she a pair of rubber glove . Mrs. Asher snap they on , she reach for a eyelid , peel it back . stare into the cloud eye . Mrs. Asher react , quickly withdraw she hand . mrs . asher it 's not he . that 's not my blood . you people be incredible . the Medical examiner sigh , think she 's a kook . medical examiner I will swab you cheek and test you DNA against the body . will that do it ? mrs . asher good idea , Doctor . he 's smarter than all of you , do you know that ? int . exam room - day the Doctor staple costa 's scalp . costa be that go to hold ? I be not come back . Grace enter , in a serious mood . costa what 's wrong ? grace that be my boss . I be go back to quantico tomorrow . suddenly that seem like the end of the world . costa look at she . ( continued ) 94 . continued : costa Washington , DC have some of the best art in the world . georgetown would be a great place to open a gallery . Grace realize what he 's say . smile . grace staple he mouth too , doc. Grace 's cell ring . she exit to take the call . int . hospital - hallway - day Grace lean against a wall . grace vanderholt . medical examiner ( v.o . ) Grace . I run Mrs. Asher 's DNA against the suspect down here . no way it 's she son . a beat . grace not she son ? you be sure ? medical examiner ( v.o . ) Lab run the test twice . grace that 's weird . be he adopt , switch at birth ? medical examiner ( v.o . ) listen for a minute . there be a match . John costa be Mrs. Asher 's biological son . Grace laugh . it 's a joke . grace so John costa be really Martin Asher ? medical examiner ( v.o . ) dear God , I wish I be joke . Grace turn and react . ( continued ) 95 . continued : costa have be stand there . listen . he try to read Grace 's expression , worry etching he face . Grace be look at costa , she mind racing a million mile a hour . Grace 's world crumble as she put it together . grace be you Martin ? costa gasp . the very think be painful . costa Grace , I be John . okay ? I be John . costa hope against hope everything be okay . but it 's not okay . Grace have a calamitous expression . grace Holy shit . costa take a step toward she . the street cop motion for costa to stay back . costa react . int . hospital - costa' Pov - day Grace 's purse sit on a chair in the exam room . her pistol visible . int . hospital - hallway - day costa take the gun from she purse , pocket it , along with she FBI credential and car key . costa back away from Grace . costa 's physicality transform from hip art dealer to something much more menace . the monster Martin Asher . Grace look he dead in the eye , more angry than scared . ( note : costa will now be call asher . ) asher she screw it up , do not she ? grace who ? ( continued ) 96 . continued : asher I should have cut she throat when I see she on the ferry . that 's the least she deserve . please do not do anything , Grace . it would hurt I so much if I have to hurt you . grace good idea . do not hurt I . costa shake he head , he brow set with a grim determination . he turn , enter a stairwell and exit the building . Grace 's heart be break . grace shit ! she kick the wall and give chase , run into the stairwell . ext . hospital - day Asher get into Grace 's unmark . and drive away . Grace exit the building , watch he go . Grace have no way to follow . then ... she see a cop talk to a cute nurse by he patrol car . grace Police emergency . we need to pursue he . he 's a murder suspect . the cop cock he head , look at Grace like she 's a nutcase . Grace dial she cell phone . grace director gillet , there 's a emergency , can you please tell this officer to cooperate with I ? Grace hand the cell phone to the cop . ext . nice HOTEL - day a patrol car stop in front . Grace leap out and run into the building . a unmark pull up . reynaud jump out and enter the building . 97 . int . nice HOTEL - hallway - day Grace run . reading room number . reynaud appear in the hall . Grace find the right room . reynaud join she , gun draw . the door be ajar . Grace push it open . int . HOTEL room - grace's Pov - day a maid change the sheet . Mrs. Asher be go . int . asher house - day Mrs. Asher answer a knock at she door . Mrs. Asher react . asher hello , mother . Asher force he way inside . Mrs. Asher scream . ext . highway - day siren scream , flash light as six police car zip by at 90 . int . unmarked - day Grace over the shock and harder than steel . reynaud drive fast . Grace on she cell . grace no answer . she turn she phone off . int . asher house - live room - day Mrs. Asher sit on she couch . Asher stand . the teeny doberman walk into the room , sniff Asher . asher what happen to rex ? he be a real dog , right , Mom ? roll up he sleeve , revealing the dog bite scar . ( continued ) 98 . continued : mrs . asher do not show I that , Martin . I have rex put down after you run away . Martin , sit . Asher look at she defiantly . Mrs. Asher stand , get in he face . mrs . asher how dare you defy I . you will sit down on that couch and you will do it now . Martin . Asher sit . Mrs. Asher lay a hand on he , lean forward , she eye intense and earnest . mrs . asher Martin , you have severe emotional problem . I know you be in a lot of pain . there 's hope and help , Martin . look at I , Martin . I love you very much . martin I know now that what you do to I be not love . int . asher house - live room - day Asher sit on the couch . then stand . asher I will stand if I want to stand . I can do anything I want to do . and I have do some great thing , mother . I be not a scared little boy you can push around anymore . new angle Mrs. Asher 's head neatly adorn a silver platter . int . police car - moving - day Grace hold on as reynaud slalom around a corner in Asher 's neighborhood . inspector reynaud I hope the son of a bitch do not shoot I with the gun you give he . what else do you give Asher ? ( continued ) 99 . continued : a accuse look . grace shut up and focus . that kind of shit help no one right now . ext . asher house - day reynaud 's car slide to a stop . Police car take position around the block , form a perimeter around the house . Grace and reynaud exit the car . Grace have a shotgun . four uniform , also with shotgun , join they . the ad hoc entry team run up the step , onto the porch . grace get right , I get leave . wham ! reynaud kick the door . Grace be first in . int . asher house - day Grace , reynaud and the four uniform enter . weapon sweep for target and clear sector . Grace move down the hallway . slowly , breathe hard . int . asher house - live room - day Grace enter , approach the couch . someone be there . Grace sidestep quickly , raise the shotgun . grace do not move ! it 's Mrs. Asher . san head , sit on the couch . Grace turn away , react . she see Mrs. Asher 's head . grace omigod . reynaud enter . see Mrs. Asher 's head . inspector reynaud he 's go . reynaud look at Grace . Grace feel hollow , miserable . 100 . int . HOTEL room - day Grace 's hotel room be now a crime scene . criminologists process the scene . the sheet be bag as evidence . angle on grace watch this . reynaud cross to she . slap she . inspector reynaud my best friend die protect a serial killer so you could get laid . very nice . Grace react . the cat be out of the bag . grace that 's none of you business . inspector reynaud no ? it 's my case . grace back off , reynaud . Asher fool you too . inspector reynaud at least I do not fuck he . Grace walk off . reynaud intercept she . grace touch I again and I will kick you ass . inspector reynaud I be take you to the director . int . director' gillet' office - day gillet sit at she desk across from Grace . his eye be harder than normal . director gillet they be on they way from the airport . Grace nod , chew a nail . director gillet you old life be over . there be no go back . ( continued ) 101 . continued : grace I know . director gillet you be still young . whatever happen , be strong . ( beat ) where be he , Grace ? how do we find he ? grace director , I be the last person you should be discuss the case with at this point . director gillet Grace . you know he mind , and he heart . where be he ? a beat . grace not here . this city no longer have the psychic gravity to hold he here . try Mexico , get a facelift . director gillet we id would the remain in the morgue . the real id . he hand she a picture of the man whom we think be Asher . grace ( read ) Richard hart . flashback - int . harth apartment - day hart roll painting canvase into a tight cylinder . insert it into a fancy lamp . a hypodermic stand by to reward he work . director gillet ( v.o. ) he be a addict . and a thief . a art thief . he hit gallery in Europe and North America . traveled back and forth smuggle and sell steal canvass . 102 . int . director gillet' office - day ( present ) Grace put it together . grace let I guess , costa be sell steal art for hart and never give he the money . now hart be just another one of Asher 's victim . director gillet . director gillet costa owed he eight thousand . that be e-mail off hart 's computer . grace ( read ) go to hell . I will not pay you a dime . I be not scared of you . flashback - int . internet cafe - night Richard hart check he e-mail and nearly have a heart attack . grace ( v.o. ) come and get I . I will never pay you , dumbass . ( think a beat ) Asher taunt hart into a confrontation . Jesus . it be right there in my face . I be interprete behavior from two different suspect . back to scene ( present ) director gillet he have we all fool , Grace . all of we . if Asher can do that , what else can he do ? grace anything he want . knocking . gillet stand , cross , open he door . two FBI supervisors enter . grim , silver -haire . Grace stand . grace ah , the undertaker have arrive for my career . ( continued ) 103 . continued : Grace hug gillet . and the FBI Men escort she out of gillet 's office . int . FBI conference room - day Grace be on the spot . her lawyer by she side . facing a panel of seven senior agent . microphone , water pitcher . senior agent have you rights be explain to you and have a indication to that effect be make in you employee record ? grace yessir . int . FBI conference room - night Grace be exhaust , but hold up well . the question do not stop . senior agent agent vanderholt . why would Asher kill Ford , if nobody know he be costa . if he be not go to use Ford 's identity ? grace he need a murder he could link not only Richard hart to but also to he past victim . flashback - int . harth apartment - day upscale euro-hip . hart slam down the phone . shove a gun in he belt and exit . grace ( v.o. ) hart 's behavior be consistent with a disorganize drug addict follow the rule of the criminal road by attempt to kill a debtor who will not pay . he have no idea he be be manipulate by a serial killer . 104 . int . harth apartment - night Asher enter through the front door . hart be not home . int . harth bathroom - night Asher steal floss from the garbage can . take hart 's toothbrush . some dirty laundry . grace ( v.o. ) Asher be not become disorganize and decompose into madness , he be evolve . ext . parking lot - night Asher , he face obscure with a sweatshirt hood , pull Todd Ford from the trunk . grace ( v.o. ) the Ford murder be stage and I miss it . Asher drive Ford 's car there with Ford unconscious in the car . ether maybe , ghb . something that disappear . Asher work out , head to the parking lot . pull Ford out of the trunk . and strangle he . he leave a couple of hart 's hair on the body . Asher lean over Todd Ford , strangling the unconscious man with the garotte . Asher place a couple of hart 's hair on the body . int . interrogation room - night Asher draw the sketch of who we now know be hart . be that a sly grin Asher have ? grace ( v.o. ) he draw a nice portrait of Mr. hart and he 's now inside the heart of montreal PD 's investigation . int . asher' apartment - day in the bathroom , Asher , wear surgical glove , place hart 's comb in the medicine cabinet . put hart 's trash in the wastebasket . ( continued ) 105 . continued : grace ( v.o. ) evidence at the Ford crime scene lead to a apartment with more of hart 's DNA . and evidence link hart to Asher 's crime . hart never set food in that apartment . Asher stage everything . ext . festival STREET - night Grace chase hart . senior agent ( v.o. ) Mr. hart , not Asher , murder the montreal Inspector , correct ? grace ( v.o. ) yes . hart think costa be systematically destroy he life . hart 's violent explosion be inevitable . senior agent ( v.o. ) how could Asher plan on hart snap like that ? grace ( v.o. ) he could not . my guess be Asher intend to kill hart and make it look like suicide . the authority would find the body and close the Martin Asher file . int . FBI conference room - the next day ( present ) thing be wrapping up . senior agent this ethic panel have no choice but to recommend terminate you for misconduct . do you wish to make a statement ? Grace shake she head : no . senior agent please speak up for the record . Grace lean into she mike . grace no . I have nothing to say . 106 . int . FBI behavioral science unit - day Grace do the walk of shame in front of she former colleague . she carry a cardboard box full of personal stuff from she office . two gsa police escort she . ext . quantico parking lot - day Grace heave the box into the back of she audi . a gsa police car stand by . dick colton , she ex-boss intercept she before she get in . colton Grace . this be a bitter loss to the unit . grace you will manage . colton want some good news ? rcmp close they investigation and the Minister be not indict you . this could have be a real train wreck for you , Grace . grace it be not ? Grace get in she car . colton no one have any clue where Asher be . that son of a bitch might fixate on you . please watch you back , Grace . grace I will dig a hole and hide in it . colton do not fade away , Grace . you be still my friend , okay ? Grace pull out . head for the road that will take she out of quantico . ext . rural highway - day Grace have the top down . the wind snatching papers from she box . Grace do not care . 107 . int . economy motel - night Grace watch tv in the dark . drink a beer . her cell ring . Grace look at it . see out of area on the caller id . she answer . grace hello ? asher ( v.o. ) I be sorry . I be sorry you lose you job . a beat . Grace grab the big .45 by she thigh . asher ( v.o. ) hello ? grace I be here . asher ( v.o. ) I miss you . grace why do not you come and see I . I miss you , too . I be at the gainesville Virginia . the Motel 6 off highway 29 . stop by . there be a strange tension in she voice . she hang up . turn off the tv . she get off the bed , cross to a corner . she sit , settles in for a long vigil . int . economy motel - day the rise sun reveal Grace have not move . she be now realize Asher be not go to show . Grace drop the .45 and begin to cry . ext . medical clinic - day Grace exit the clinic read a test result . she freeze in she track , return inside . int . warehouse store - day Grace shopping . she have a quarter ton bag of dog food . gallon of spaghetti sauce . stock up . 108 . ext . warehouse store parking lot - night wintertime . it 's a ice storm . freeze rain accumulate on exist snow and ice . Grace load she supplies into she truck . it 's miserable out and get worse . honking . Grace turn to watch a car slowly slide helpless across the ice . it stop just short of hit a park car . int . post office - night ten minute later Grace check she p.o. box . find some baby catalog . a local pregnant woman enter . pregnant woman wow , you know the question ? grace six month . wider to reveal : Grace be very pregnant . pregnant woman that 's it ? grace twin . pregnant woman good luck , sweetheart . get yourself home , it 's miserable out . Grace smile , exit . ext . old private road - night Old and fall apart . overgrown with branch . the wind pick up . Grace 's truck slowly navigate the ice . the only vehicle around . int . grace's truck - moving - night the accumulate ice be beautiful but deadly . Grace drive with extreme caution , pick through the ice in low gear . she drive around a fall tree branch . ( continued ) 109 . continued : radio announcer ( v.o. ) the State Police have say to stay off the road unless it 's a absolute emergency . several of they cruiser have already be damage . there be ice everywhere . on the way in tonight I see the snowplow slip and slide . everybody , stay where you be . this be only the beginning . Grace turn off the radio . turn on the defroster . something moving . wham ! her windshield shatter . Grace react . a tree branch overburdene with ice have fall on she truck . the truck slide across the ice . Grace fight to regain control , to keep it out of the ditch . Grace stop . get out . pull the branch off the hood . ext . old farmhouse - night the last remnant of the once - proud vanderholt holding . Grace pull open a large garage door . assaulted by rain and sleet . she slip on the ice . regains she foot , finish open the door . she get back in she truck and park it inside the garage . int . old farmhouse - day restore . fill with family heirloom . another family that have decaye from glory . Grace enter . dripping wet . she turn off the alarm . then hang up she heavy jacket . bone tired . Grace cross to the kitchen . int . old farmhouse - kitchen - night Grace take a Glock from she pocket and set it on the counter . she pour water into a kettle . ( continued ) 110 . continued : put the kettle on the stove . turn on the stove . Grace notice water on the kitchen floor . wait . wet footprint . Grace react . reaches for the Glock . a hand land on top of she hand . it 's martin asher . asher hi , Grace . click ! he snap a handcuff around Grace 's wrist . Asher have the upper hand , he spin she , pull she down into a chair . she throw a punch . Asher block it . Asher yank on she cuffed arm . smack ! Grace slap he . Asher pull she into a chair . click ! Grace be now cuffed to the chair . she struggle futilely against the cuff . Asher catch he breath . asher knock it off . you be not go anywhere . Grace stop struggle . Asher look at she huge belly . asher I be not go to hurt you . grace you be so full of shit you eye turn brown . Asher be happy to see she . asher they be contact . you be glow . Grace look at he . still astonished to see he . her arm behind she back , she belly be so vulnerable . grace how the fuck do you find I ? asher you tell I everything I have to know . ( continued ) 111 . continued : grace get it over with . just get it over with . asher ever since I meet you , you be all I can think about . I have a way of life . and I can not go back to because of you . I want you in my life , Grace . please listen to I , Grace . I have a proposal . Asher take out a couple passport , a pair of driver 's license . asher you become she . I become he . we be marry , see ? Asher slide a woman 's wedding ring across the table . already inscribe . asher we have the baby . we raise they . however you want . I just want to be with you . Grace look at Asher , not sure whether to laugh out loud or start cry . he seem edgy ; he need she decision quick . grace what happen if I do not want to assume this woman 's identity and raise my baby with a serial killer ? asher Grace , do not be morbid . if anyone can deal with this , you can . I know you feel what I feel . it 's real . grace answer my question . asher I will shoot you in the head and burn this place down . Grace react . she can respect that . Grace look at Asher . he 's scary , feed off some fantasy about she . ( continued ) 112 . continued : grace you will do what you have to do . I can respect that . how do you know it 's still real ? maybe it 's go . what we feel . Grace tilt she lip , look in he eye . Asher lean over to kiss she . slow , delicate . Asher kneel beside she , the kiss become hungry , desperate . Grace 's eye be so open , so vulnerable . grace God , I miss you so much . Asher lean in to kiss she ... Grace head - butt he . crunch ! smash he nose . she drive she foot down and she shoulder into he chest . Asher , already on he knee , fall back . Grace scramble over he , get out of the chair . she shoulder over the kitchen table ... there be a holster mount underneath the table . Grace turn she back so she can grab the gun from it . Grace react . there be no gun in the holster . Asher look at she , matter of fact : asher I searched everything . Asher stand , reach for the Glock on the counter . Grace can not let he get it . she lunge at Asher , collide into he knee , hurt he . asher damn you ! Asher grab a large knife from the butcher 's block . thwack ! plunge it into Grace 's belly . Grace gasp , look at the knife embed in she stomach . a beat as Grace and Asher stare at the knife . Grace use the pause to kick away from Asher . she get on she foot and run from the kitchen . 113. ext . old farmhouse - night Grace exit the kitchen door , run with she hand cuffed behind she . running for she life . she run for the nearby wood . her shoe crunching through a layer of fresh ice over old snow . Fighting for balance . pop - pop - pop ! Asher open FIRE on she from the house . bullet hit the ice around she . Grace run into the wood . branch sheathed in ice . smack she face . Asher exit the house , firing -- pop - pop - pop - pop ! bullet explode the ice around Grace . she dive to the ground . she take the opportunity to move she handcuffs from behind to in front . she unty and remove the heavy prosthetic belly she wear . Grace be not pregnant . she pull the knife out . Grace run deeper into the wood . Asher run in the wood behind she . the gun in he hand at the ready . Asher be hunt . he intend to kill she . asher keep fuck run , Grace , you be only go to die tired ! on grace running . batting away ice-cover branch . drenched with sleet . hypothermic condition . ext . old private road - night Grace emerge from the wood . running along the icy road . she slip and fall . cut she hand on the ice . Grace stand , and keep run , she hand bleed , the knife get slippery . on asher gain on she . Grace slip again , scrabbling on the ice , try to keep move . a slow motion nightmare . here come Asher . no mercy . he aim the gun at she face ... ( continued ) 114 . continued : Grace raise she hand to protect she face ... pop ! Asher fire . ding ! the bullet intend for Grace 's forehead hit the knife -- ricochet into the tree . a beat . Grace look at the now -crease knife . Asher 's gun be out of round . the slide be lock back on a empty chamber . swick ! Grace slice Asher 's leg with the knife . slice each shin deeply . asher shit ! Asher kick the knife from she hand . then kick she in the face . he try to kick she again but she grab he leg . wham ! Asher slip , hit the ice hard . Grace be on top of he , wrap the handcuffs around he neck . wrap she leg around he body . Grace choke Asher for all he 's worth . his eye bulge , he face redden as he meet the same fate as he victim . Asher have a seizure as he oxygen deplete brain die . Grace do not let go . a long death embrace . finally , when she be sure , Grace release from Martin Asher 's body . she check he pulse . he 's dead . Grace stand . the rain fall on she . Ice and moonlight . Grace spit blood , look around . look at Asher 's corpse . grace better you than I , asshole . walk back toward the house . alone. strong . Whole . fade out . the end