taking side by Ronald harwood adapt from the play by Ronald harwood final draft , 1988 fade in : int . berlin concert hall ( 1944 ) - night a man conduct Beethoven . Air raid in progress . bomb fall nearby . the orchestra continue to play . suddenly the light go out . the music stop . int . backstage corridor , concert hall - night a beam from a torch , bounce , make shadow . a attendant , carry the torch , hurry down the corridor . the air raid continue . he come to a door , knock , open it and look in . attendant ( agitate ) Dr. furtwängler , the reichsminister . the sound of heavy footstep approach . the attendant turn he torch to light the way for three man in Nazi uniform , also with attendant and torch , march down the corridor . the attendant bow deeply as the reichsminister and he aide go through the door . the other man remain in the corridor on guard . int . conductor be room - night candle light the room where the conductor shake hand with the reichsminister . reichsminister Dr. furtwängler , I want to apologise personally for this power failure . I be so enjoy the performance . in time like this we need spiritual nourishment . a bomb explode nearby . reichsminister but I welcome this unexpected opportunity of talk to you . ( with great care ) when you come on to the platform tonight , I think you be not well . you look tired , ( a warning ) get away from this bombing . away from the war . yes , you look tired ... ( a crooked smile ) even in this light . int . ruined cinema - day Dark . on a screen : scene from leni riefenstahl 's triumph of the will . over this : a man' voice look at they . Men , woman , kid . Boy , do they love he . you see , Steve , Adolf Hitler touch something deep , real deep and savage and barbaric , and it will not just go away overnight . it 's get to be roote out . you know what I think ? I think they be all Nazis . and let 's face it , they leader , that bastard now on trial in Nuremberg , could not have do it alone . it 's this people , they give all the help that be need . willingly . the film change with a scratchy music soundtrack - wagner . shot of high -ranking Nazis in a audience include josef Goebbels , listen . and they be listen to and watch wilhelm furtwängler conduct . at the appropriate moment : the man' voice that 's he . furtwängler . wilhelm furtwängler . the Nazis applaud . Goebbels shake hand with furtwängler . the film end . sitting in the ruin cinema be two man : general wallace , with file on the table , and , beside he , major steve arnold . a projectionist be stand in the door of the projection room . wallace so , you never hear of he . steve nope . wallace do you know who arturo toscanini be ? steve sure . wallace he 's as big as toscanini , maybe even bigger . in this neck of the wood , he 's probably Bob hope and Betty grable roll into one . steve jeez , and I never hear of he . wallace glance at the file . wallace you be in insurance before the war . steve right . claim assessor . wallace conscientious , determine , dogge . steve ( amused ) they say I be dogge ? wallace well , they say here that when you go on a case , you stay on it . ( look up at Steve . ) now we can not take every Nazi in this country to trial , although I would like to ; it 's a impossibility . so we be go for the big boy in industry , education , law , culture . steve like this bandleader . wallace ( a smile ) well , he 's more than just a bandleader , Steve . he 's a great conductor , a gift artist . but we believe that he sell himself to the devil . you number one priority from this moment on be to connect he to the Nazi Party . do not be impressed by he . I want the folk back home to understand why we fight this war . find wilhelm furtwängler guilty . he represent everything that be rotten in Germany . Steve want to rise , but wallace put a hand on he shoulder to make he sit again . wallace stay put , Steve . there be some other stuff that I would like for you to see here . background . he nod to the projectionist , then start to go , but stop . wallace oh , one thing that may be a problem . we occupation authority in Wiesbaden have a duty to help this poor unfortunate with they defence . they keep repeat : ' we must be just , we must be see to be just . ' well , I have only one thing to say to the liberal in Wiesbaden : fuck them . ( as he go ) you answer to no one but I . be that understand ? ( to the projectionist in the door ) show he the film . projectionist yes , sir . Roll it . wallace go . the projectionist start the next reel . on the screen : a Berlin sequence . bomb fall . ruin , a city devastate , empty . flag of the four ally nation . poster of Truman , stalin , churchill . archive film voice that be the hand that drop the bomb on defenceless rotterdam , Brussels , belgrade . that be the hand that destroy the city , village and home of Russia . that be the hand that hold the whip over the Polish , yugoslav , french and norwegian slave . that be the hand that take they food . Steve watch expressionless . wallace next reel , please . on the screen : shot of camp survivor . then shot of emaciate corpse be bulldoze into mass grave . archive film sanitary condition be so appall that heavy equipment have to be bring in to speed the work of clean up . this be Bergen belsen . the moment this appear , Steve rise and go quickly . on the screen : pile of cadaver . int . major steve arnold' bedroom ( i945 ) - night Steve have a nightmare , twist , turn , moan . he wake with a cry . he be sweat . he turn on the light , look at a clock , reach for a cigarette , light it . he smoke . he stare at the ceiling . later : early morning . cold . Steve be at the basin in he small room , shave . a radio on a shelf . american radio voice remember , man , no fraternisation . in a german town , if you bow to a pretty girl or pat a blond child , you bow to all that Hitler stand for . you bow to he reign of blood . you caress the ideology that mean death and destruction . you never know who be a member of the Nazi Party . do not be fool . do not fraternise . ext . steve's office build , berlin - day Steve 's car swerve round the corner and come to a halt . a small crowd watch workmen on ladder hammer away at a stone swastika above the portico . american soldier supervise . Steve get out of the car , carry a attache case , and he , too , watch as the stone swastika fall and crash into piece on the road . one or two people clap , most just stare . the american soldier immediately hoist the star and stripe . Steve go into the building . the sentry salute . the driver of the car go to the trunk and take out a label duffel bag , can of film , a case which hold a 16 - mm projector . a small boy sidle up to he : boy cigarettes , chew gum ? int . waiting room - day Steve and sergeant Adams ascend a grand , wind but damage staircase to the rear of a spacious entrance hall . a once impressive building . Signs of bomb damage everywhere . german workmen do repair . american military personnel come and go , salute Steve , who barely acknowledge they . they reach the landing . Adams open double door and they go through . adam we be gonna have the heating fix by tonight . a few gilt chair , a workman try to repair the stove . Adams open another door for Steve . int . steve S office - day emmi be hang the standard photograph of President Truman on the wall . she turn to see Steve and Adams and be cover with confusion . she give Steve a little curtsey . adam fräulein , this be Major Arnold . Sir , this be you secretary , fräulein emmi straube . her file 's on you desk . they send she over from admin . I will leave you to it . he go . Steve scrutinise emmi . she 's embarrassed , keep she eye downcast . Steve go to he desk , open a file , read . steve you live here , in Berlin ? emmi yes . steve you do shorthand and type ? emmi yes . he nod , go on read . steve okay , let 's see . how long be you in the camp for ? emmi Three month . steve say here because of you father . what 's that mean ? emmi my father be one of the officer in the plot against Hitler . they arrest the plotter and they family . steve you mother , too . emmi yes . she suffer longer . she be in ravensbruck . steve and you father be execute . she nod , keep she eye avert . he smile sympathetically . steve I be gonna call you emmi , you be gonna call I Steve . okay ? no response . steve I get a list of stuff here I would like you to get for I . he search he pocket . adam if you need anything , let I know . emmi Major ... steve Steve . emmi there have be message for you . ( she consult the pad . ) a Lieutenant David will call from the ally kommandatura cultural affair office in Wiesbaden . I do not know who he be . Steve start to unpack he attache case . emmi then there have be three call from Dr. furtwängler want to know when you wish to see he . I do not speak to he personally ... she hand Steve a typewritten sheet . he ignore it , find a list which he hand to she . he wait for she to read , then : steve think you can get I any of that ? emmi ( pleased ) oh yes , Major , I have recording of all he symphony . I keep they safe during the bombing . my favourite be the seventh symphony . steve mine 's the eleventh . emmi ( puzzle ) but ... he only write nine , Major . steve I be kid , emmi . what about a record player ? you have that , too ? emmi no. our be damage . steve ( survey the room ) what 's in that file ? emmi the name of the member of the Berlin philharmonic orchestra since 1934 together with they questionnaire . Major , what be I to tell Dr. furtwängler ? steve you tell he nothing , emmi . if he call again , you say you know nothing . we be gonna keep he wait while I get acquainted with he case and with the witness . and , God help I , with Beethoven . he smile . she try to smile back . ext . flea market , berlin - day freeze weather . a narrow street , crowded , busy , noisy . some makeshift stall set out , trestle table , open suitcase , people buy and sell every imaginable commodity . emmi wander through the crowd , pass a violinist , helmuth rode , wrap up against the cold , play handel 's Air on a G string , a bowl for money at he foot . a passer - by drop a cigarette butt in it . immediately , rode retrieve the butt . emmi come to a stall sell pile of gramophone record . she ask the stallholder a question . he point to another stall across the way . int . steve's office - day Steve at he desk , paging through file . a knock on the door . steve yeah . Lieutenant david will , age twenty - four , enter , come to Steve 's desk , stand to attention , salute . david Lieutenant will report to Major Arnold . sir. steve for chrissake I hate that shit , cut it out . david I be very sorry . steve I be Steve . what 's you name ? david David . David will . I be you liaison officer with the ally kommandatura cultural affair Committee . Sir . steve sound a lot of run . ( study David . ) so they send the big gun to check up on I . we recruiting child now ? david ( smile ' ) I guess so , sir . steve you call I sir again and I will make you listen to Beethoven . David half -smile . steve where you from , David ? david be bear here , in leipzig . I escape in ' 36 . my parent , they send I to my uncle in Philadelphia . they be to follow . but they delay and ... break off . nothing from Steve . david we family name be weill . but that do not sound well in English . my uncle change it to will and ... the door open and emmi enter carry a record player , see David and start to back out . emmi I be sorry . steve come in , emmi , this be you office , too . emmi , this be Lieutenant David will . they nod briefly . steve he be here to watch over we . a flick from emmi . steve I guess you admire musician . david some . steve do not . this be like a criminal investigation , David . musician , mortician , doctor , lawyer , butcher , clerk . they be all the same . for emmi 's benefit too . she become still , listen . steve we have a duty , a moral duty . David take a few file , sit and start to look through they . Steve return to he file . emmi , by now , have put on a record and start to play it : the open of Beethoven 's fifth symphony blast out . the two man look up , startle . emmi beam : emmi it work ! hallelujah ! int . steve's office - day emmi at the door . Steve at he desk . David present . emmi herr Rudolf Werner . werner enter , bow to Steve and David . emmi go to she desk . steve sit down , Werner . indicate the upright chair ; Werner sit . steve I want you to understand why you be here . this be a investigation into wilhelm furtwängler , former prussian privy councillor , ban from public life under Control Council directive no 24 and who 's apply to come before the tribunal of artist of the denazification Commission . I be interested in what he be up to from 1933 to the end of the war , understand ? Werner nod . steve Rudolf otto Werner . wind section since 1936 . what instrument do you play ? werner first oboe . steve I have you questionnaire here . it say you be never a member of the Nazi Party . werner absolutely not . Long silence ; Steve watch he . Werner be make more anxious . at last , in a rush : werner no , I be never a Nazi , I have no interest in politics , I be a musician - steve hey , hey , slow up , fraulein straube have to take down what you say . Werner swivel round to look at emmi . werner straube ? any relation to Colonel Joachim straube ? emmi my father . werner it 's a great honour to meet you , fraulein . you father be a great patriot . brief silence . werner Dr. furtwängler be a great musician . he actively oppose the Nazis and later on he help many Jews to escape . steve then how do you explain he be make a prussian privy councillor ? werner it be Hermann goer . I be tell he just make the maestro he privy councillor , no question ask . although Dr. furtwängler stand up to he . and to Dr. Goebbels . steve he also conduct for Hitler , do not he ? werner yes , that 's true , but he refuse to give the Nazi salute . he keep he baton in he right hand . in Hitler 's presence . that be a brave act ... steve brave ? to celebrate Hitler 's birthday with some heroic piece by wagner but without the Nazi salute ? bravo . werner it be Beethoven 's ninth . steve do you really think it be brave ? do not he bow to he and shake he hand ? int . steve's office - day another man , schlee , be in the chair . only Steve and emmi now . pale , yellow electric light . silence . schlee , too , be very nervous . at last : schlee no , no , no , I give you my word . I be never a member of the Nazi Party . never . I be in the percussion section . I play the timpani . Steve just stare at he . schlee anyway , they would never have allow it . my brother be marry to a jewess , may she rest in peace . and Goebbels say ... ( to emmi ) ... please take this down carefully , because it 's most important , fraulein ? emmi straube . schlee ( act surprised ) straube ? be you by any chance related to Colonel Joachim straube ? emmi my father . schlee he be ... he be a great hero . Steve light a cigarette . schlee Goebbels , yes , josef Goebbels say , ' there 's not a single filthy Jew leave in Germany on whose behalf Dr. furtwängler have not intervene . ' no , no one could have be less of a Nazi than Dr. furtwängler . steve but this be the same guy who conduct for Adolf on he birthday . schlee he be force to do that . but he refuse to give the Nazi salute in front of Hitler . he keep he baton in he hand , you can not salute with a baton in you hand . david and what about the Nuremberg rally ? schlee no , we ... we play on the evening before the rally . steve ( straight - face ) oh ! the evening before , I see ... schlee yes , Dr. furtwängler be absolutely clear about this : politics and art must be keep separate . steve Politics and art must be keep separate . I will remember that . but let I see if you can help I with something I just do not understand . I would really like to know why all you guy be so crazy about he . what 's he secret ? schlee try to find word . schlee well , it 's hard to explain . I can only tell you from my own experience . soon after I join the orchestra , we be rehearse the third symphony of Beethoven , the eroica . there be several rather difficult passage for the timpani . one particular crescendo . during the break , I ask how he want it play . he be study he score . he do not look up . he say , ' just watch I . ' so , of course , I do . I never stop watch he . the moment come . and suddenly , he turn to I and we eye be lock . there be something in he look that ... that simply demand the crescendo . I shall never forget he look . it be a moment of ... of magic . Steve nod , think for a moment . then : steve you ever see Adolf Hitler 's eye when he be make a speech ? I have see them on film . schlee yes . steve be look at furtwängler like that ? schlee I do not know what you mean , Major . steve when you get to the crescendo . schlee look at he bewilder . int . / ext . car ( travelling ) , lakeside and mansion - day in the back , David and Steve . military driver . the car 's make its way along a road that skirt a lake towards a grand mansion from which fly the four ally flag . steve you think a whole orchestra , what , a hundred and forty or so guy , could be orchestrate ? david I guess it 's possible . steve so , what do the russki want ? david Colonel dymshitz ask specially to see you . steve ' dim -shit ' ? int . the mansion - day a huge , cavernous room , once the ballroom . in the centre , a table with four chair . to one side , antique furniture , objet d'art , painting . four ally officer be surveying the treasure : colonel dymshitz , colonel GREEN ( american ) , major richard ( british ) and captain vernay ( french ) . what they say be barely audible , low mumble . they be accompany by aide with clipboard , take note . Beyond , and some distance away , a row of gilt chair for observer where David and Steve take they seat . steve what the hell be they do ? david ( whisper ) they be try to sort out some of the work of art the Nazis steal from occupy territory . who really own what ? that 's Colonel dymshitz , on the far side . dymshitz , small , intelligent face , cun eye . david' voice art historian , head of the famous leningrad Museum of Art . he be a expert on german culture . Green , correct , formal , precise , immaculate . Richards , bespectacle and nondescript . vernay , upright , proud . vernay ( suddenly raise he voice ) je suis navré , Colonel , cette peinture n'est pas la propriété de i'union soviétique mat bien cette de la France . GREEN what 's he say ? henri , what be you say ? american aide he 's say that picture be the property of France vernay c'est un Braque qui avec Picasso était un des pionnier du cubisme . dymshitz ( in french ) I know who Georges Braque be , Captain . american aide ( almost simultaneously ) it 's a barque . french aide we can produce the provenance of this Braque , you say provenance ? int . / ext . salon off the ballroom and terrace - day outside the club room for the participant . buzz of conversation , clink of glass , cup . the terrace be desert . a waiter carry a tray with various refreshment to a quiet corner where dymshitz , Green , vernay , he aide lieutenant simon , Steve and David sit in comfortable armchair . the waiter serve they . during this : dymshitz hello , Major , my name be dymshitz . I be glad to see you . steve Colonel . pleasure . dymshitz so , Major , tell I , have you question Dr. furtwängler ? steve not yet . dymshitz I have have two meeting with he . he 's a great musician . maybe the great conductor in the world . his brahm , Beethoven , schubert - unequalled . Steve make a non-committal gesture . dymshitz I will come straight to point . I have offer he a very attractive position . conductor of the staatsoper unten de linden . he refuse . but I want he . I want he badly . and I want you help . GREEN hey , just a moment , you should have discuss this with I first . dymshitz I be discuss it with you now . Major , I want you to drop you investigation , save everybody time and trouble . GREEN we can not drop a case just like that . dymshitz I will give you another conductor in exchange or writer , musician , actor what ... what do you care ? but I like furtwängler . he 's my favourite conductor . ( chuckle . ) mine and Hitler 's . he 's we favourite conductor . int . waiting room - day rode be seat , wait . nervous , tense . the sound of laughter , David 's laughter from the office . it make he even more uncomfortable . int . steve's office suite - day emmi and David laugh . david I click my heel , salute and bow at the same time . he demonstrate . she laugh again . emmi that 's because you have a proper upbringing . david that 's right . I be raise very strictly . so do not speak before you be speak to ! emmi oh ! and do not wave you hand about ! david respect you elder and you better ! emmi and no elbow on the table ! david eat be eat ... and ... emmi and talk be talk ! well , I think we better get on . david right . so , this be go to be very formal , too , now . Lieutenant David will request die pleasure of die company of fraulein emmi straube at dinner any night she care . she smile just as Steve burst in . he 's in a bright , cheerful , energetic mood . David draw back guiltily . emmi , embarrassed , hesitates then turn to the typewriter and type furiously . see this , Steve stop , but just for a brief moment . then , as he go to he desk : steve David , need to ask you something . you hear this rumour the british find something call the hinkel Archive ? david yes . steve so what be it ? david the british occupy the building where this guy , hinkel , run the Nazi Ministry of Culture and it seem they have ... they have discover he secret archive . steve what 's that mean ? david I do not know , but the british be excited about it , I know that . the rumour be hinkel keep a file on every artist work in the third Reich . steve jeez . and you think the british will share it with they ally ? david Major Richards say he would call to let we know . steve that 's big of he . he look from David to emmi as if try to work out something . then : steve okay , better question the next witness . I bet you a bottle of french champagne he tell we the baton story inside ten minute . david five minute . steve it 's a bet . you be the witness , emmi . later . rode in the witness chair . Steve study the file . David and emmi ready to take note . steve helmuth Alfred rode . second violinist since 1935 . what 's it mean , second violinist ? rode it mean I be not good enough to be a first violinist . he chuckle , look around for approval . Steve grin encouragingly . steve good , and accord to you questionnaire , helmuth , you never join the Nazi Party . rode me? never. never . Long silence . rode I ... I know everyone now say they be never Nazis but in my case it be absolutely one hundred per cent true . I be a Catholic , it would have be totally against my conscience . silence . Steve light a cigarette ; rode eye it hungrily . rode be it true you be go to interview Dr. furtwängler today ? steve I will ask the question , helmuth . rode Excuse I . do you know that he refuse to give the Nazi salute when Hitler be present in the audience ? Steve flick David a glance , waggle he finger like a baton . rode the problem be how could he avoid give the Devil 's salute when Satan be actually sit there . ( modestly tap he chest with he thumb . ) and , I say , ' Dr. furtwängler , why not enter with the baton in you right hand ? Hitler will be sit in the front row . if you give the salute with the baton in you right hand it will look like you be go to poke he eye out . ' chuckle . David mouth I win to Steve . rode he be ... he be really grateful to I for that . after the concert , I ... I steal that baton as a memento of a great act of courage . I still have it . I should have bring it to show you . I hope I be not go too fast for you , fraulein ? - emmi straube . Steve and David exchange a brief look . rode straube . any relation to Colonel Joachim straube ? emmi my father . rode ( stand ) I be deeply honoure to be in you presence , fraulein straube . you father be a true patriot , a man of God . he cross himself . silence . David raise a discreet finger . steve you have a question for helmuth , David ? david yes . what be the orchestra 's reaction when they ask you to play for Hitler 's birthday ? rode oh , we do not play for he birthday , we play the evening before - it be the 19th of April not the 20th . steve do you know han hinkel ? rode ( alarmed ) do I know han hinkel ? steve that 's what I ask . rode do I know han hinkel ? steve you seem to understand the question , now how about answer it ? rode han hinkel be in the Ministry of Culture ; how could I know such a man ? I brief silence ; a smile . rode I hear the british have he ... he archive , file , record . steve do you know what 's in this archive ? rode how could I know what 's in the archive ? Steve nod , smile . steve okay , you can go now , helmuth . get out . rode stand and bow . int . steve's office - night the final bar of the fifth symphony . snow . dim light . there be more furniture now : two chair , one comfortable , the other upright . a sit area by the window with the telephone extension . the 16 - mm projector set up in another corner . Steve , at he desk , wrap up against the cold , go through file , make note . he stop , seem to listen , then go to the window , look out . the music end . the record hiss . Steve just stare out at the night and the snow . the record continue to hiss . int . / ext tram , berlin ( travelling ) - day the tram pack to overflow . then , a sudden stir among the passenger as people push through try to find space . one of they be furtwängler . he 's recognise . whisper . he stare ahead or keep he eye downcast . a elderly man tug at he coat , half -rise , offer he seat . furtwängler manage a smile and shake he head . the tram rattles on . int . hall , steve's build - day furtwängler approach Adams at he desk . he cross to the stair . german workmen stop what they be do to let he pass . one of they bow . on the upper landing , emmi be make she way to Steve 's office . she stop , see furtwängler on the stair and then dash to Steve 's door . furtwängler furtwängler . int . steve's office - day emmi burst in on Steve and David . she 's overaw : emmi Major , Major ... he 's here ... steve shut the door , emmi . sit down , emmi . we be go to keep he wait , too . emmi glance out again and reluctantly close the door , Steve sit calmly , relaxed . steve emmi , get we some coffee , will you ? and , emmi , do not offer he coffee . do not even greet he , okay ? int . waiting room - day furtwängler sit , wait . emmi , deeply embarrassed , hurry through .. furtwängler be about to ask she something , but she 's go . he wait . int . steve's office - day Steve and David prepare papers . int . waiting room - day furtwängler wait . emmi enter from the landing door carry a tray and three mug of coffee . she hurry towards the office door , eye downcast . furtwängler fraulein ? emmi stop . furtwängler how long be I to be keep wait ? emmi bite she lip and , without look at he , disappear into the office . furtwängler close he eye , breathes deeply . he stand , go to the window , look out . int . steve's office - day silence . Steve study he note . David watch he . emmi stare forlornly into space . steve okay , emmi , go get he . emmi rise , open the door , nod , turn back to Steve . emmi Dr. furtwängler . furtwängler enter . as he pass she , emmi give he a small curtsey . David nod . Steve do not look up . furtwängler wait a moment , glance round , see the more comfortable chair and sit in it . Steve look up . steve I do not hear anyone invite you to sit down . furtwängler stand . Steve point to the other chair . steve sit there . furtwängler sit . steve I want you to understand why you be here . you be automatically ban from public life under Control Council directive no 24 . we be here to look into you case before you appear in front of the tribunal for artist of the denazification Commission . you understand that ? furtwängler I have already be clear by a denazification tribunal in Austria . steve what they do in Austria do not interest I one little bit . okay ? I have you questionnaire here , ( read ) gustav heinrich Ernst Martin wilhelm furtwängler , bear Berlin , January 1886 . orchestral conductor . and you say here you be never a member of the Nazi Party . furtwängler that be correct . a very long silence . when the silence be unbearable Steve speak . steve could you tell we about be make a prussian privy councillor . how do that happen to a non - Party member ? furtwängler I receive a telegram from Hermann goer inform I that he have make I a privy councillor . I be not give the opportunity either to accept or refuse . after the dreadful event of November 1938 , the violent attack on the Jews , I stop use the title . steve what about vice - President of the chamber of Music , you use that title do not you ? but then I suppose you have no choice there either , because I suppose Dr. Goebbels just send you a telegram say , dear Mr. vice - President . furtwängler I do not think Dr. Goebbels send I a telegram . I be simply tell . in a letter , I believe . I do not remember exactly . steve Goebbels and goer be sure heaping honour on you . one make you a privy councillor , the other make you vice - President of the chamber of Music , and you be not even a member of the Party , how do you explain that ? furtwängler well , there be a constant battle between goer and Goebbels as to which of they would control german culture . I be simply a pawn . anyway , I resign from the musikkammer at the same time I resign as musical director of the Berlin philharmonic orchestra . in 1934 . David put up a hand . Steve nod . david why be that ? why do you resign , Dr. furtwängler ? furtwängler I write a open letter to the newspaper condemn what they be do to music , make this distinction between Jews and non - Jews . for my part , the only divide in art be between good and bad . eventually , Goebbels summon I and tell I I could leave the country if I want to but under no condition would I ever be allow to return . I always believe that you have to fight from the inside not from without . I ask myself , what 's the duty of a artist , to stay or to leave ? and then Goebbels demand that I acknowledge Hitler as solely responsible for cultural policy . well , that be a fact and it seem pointless to deny it . I simply acknowledge that Hitler and the Minister of Culture appoint by he be solely responsible for the cultural policy of the Reich . what I want to express be that I , personally , have no responsibility whatsoever for they cultural policy . I have always have the view that art and politics should ... should have nothing to do with each other . steve then why do you conduct at one of they Nuremberg rally ? furtwängler ( flaring ) I do not conduct at at the rally , I conduct on the evening before the rally . steve that sound like the small print in one of we insurance policy , wilhelm . and what about April 19 , 1942 ? the eve of Hitler 's fifty - third birthday , the big celebration ; you conduct for Hitler , do not you ? be that in keep with you view that art and politics have nothing to do with each other ? furtwängler ( flustered ) that ... that be a different matter , I ... I be trick . steve how come ? furtwängler could I have a glass of water , please ? please , fraulein ? emmi straube . Steve look expectant but furtwängler remain silent . Steve nod to emmi , who get the water . furtwängler drink . Steve wait . furtwäangler thank you . I be in Vienna , rehearse the ninth symphony of Beethoven , when Goebbels call and say I have to conduct at Hitler 's birthday . I would always manage to wriggle out of such invitation , plead previous engagement , illness , have my doctor state I be not well and so on and so on . I be also fortunate that baldur von shirach , who control Vienna , hate Dr. Goebbels and would do anything to thwart he wish . but this time Goebbels get to my doctor before I ; they be frighten off , and von schirach be threaten , bully and give in . so , I have no alternative but to conduct for Hitler . believe I , I know I have compromise , and I deeply regret it . steve ( play with he ) do not sound much of a trick to I . sound like you make a deal . furtwängler I make no deal ! steve I do not buy that . furtwängler it 's the truth . silence . Steve pace . then suddenly turn on furtwängler . steve I keep hearing you help a lot of Jews to escape . how do you do that ? furtwängler I do not remember in detail , there be so many . steve do you call someone you know ? furtwängler I may have , as ... as I say , I simply do not remember . steve let I I help you , then . you pick up the phone and make a call - ( mime a telephone . ) ' hello , Adolf ? wilhelm speak . listen , old pal , there 's a Jew -boy musician I want you to help . he need a permit to get to Paris . ' emmi stick she finger in she ear and shut she eye tight . steve or maybe you call Goebbels or goer ? you be so close you be in the same shithouse as they . furtwängler May I ask a question ? steve sure . furtwängler when will my case be hear by the tribunal ? steve you guess be as good as mine . furtwängler I need to work . I need to make my live . I live off the generosity of friend ... steve tough , tough ! furtwängler ( now more and more agitate ) then why be it , please , that another conductor who be actually a member of the Party , who use to play the horst wessel before he concert , have already be clear and be work again while I have to wait and wait and wait ? steve I do not know , he be not my case . why do you escape to Switzerland just before the war end ? furtwängler it be because I learn that the gestapo be about to arrest I . steve why be they go to arrest you ? furtwängler I believe it be because of another letter I would write to Goebbels lament the decline of musical standard due to racial policy . steve you do not complain about the racial policy , just about the musical standard , be that right ? no response . steve so , how do you learn that the gestapo be out to get you ? furtwängler during a enforce hour-lo interval because of a power failure at a concert here in Berlin , Albert speer , the Minister of armament , say to I , ' you look very tired Dr. furtwängler , you should go abroad for a while . ' I know exactly what he mean . steve you sure know a lot of people in high place . furtwängler it would be truer to say , I think , that a lot of people in high place know I . steve you be real close to all of they , to Adolf , to Hermann , to Joseph , to baldur , and now Albert , ( flaring ) so , let 's hear the truth , let 's come clean . what be you Party number ? furtwängler if you be go to bully I like this , Major , you have better do you homework . you obviously have no idea how impertinent and stupid you question be . Steve be stung . his eye narrow dangerously . steve David , you remember I say I have a question that he would not be able to answer ? well , I be gonna ask it now . you ready for this , wilhelm ? it 's a tough one . why do not you get out right at the start when Hitler come to power in 1933 ? why do not you leave Germany ? no response . steve I have a list of name here , people in you profession , who get out in ' 33 . bruno walter , otto klemperer , Arnold schoenberg , Max reinhardt ... furtwängler they be Jews , they have to leave . they be right to leave . ( he breathes deeply , summon strength . ) I could not leave my country in she deep misery . after all , I be a german . I ... I stay in my homeland . be that my sin in you eye ? steve see , David ? he can not answer the question . I will ask it again , wilhelm , and do not give I any more airy - fairy , intellectual bullshit ! the telephone ring . no one move . then emmi pick up the telephone . emmi Major Arnold 's office . yes , he be . offer the phone to David . emmi it 's Major Richards for Lieutenant will . David take the telephone . david David will . yes , sir. ( listen . ) well , you want I to tell he ? okay , ( to Steve ) Major Richards want a word with you , sir . Steve indicate he will take the call on the extension . furtwängler stand . as Steve cross to the extension : steve ( mutter ) why can not he just ask for I ? why do he have to ask for you first ? goddamn british , so correct ! he pick up the extension . emmi put down she receiver . steve Steve Arnold ... furtwängler I have have enough of this , I be leave . he go quickly . David dash after he . int . waiting room - day furtwängler be at the door when David reach he . david Dr. furtwängler ! Dr. furtwängler ! please , please ... ( a warning ) do not . it 's not advisable . the sound of Steve laugh with delight . furtwängler hesitates . emmi come to the wait - room door , watch , as if on guard . David come round to face furtwängler . david ( he gather courage ) when I be a child , my father , he take I to ... he take I to one of you concert . I remember you conduct Beethoven 's fifth symphony . I be deeply move . and I have love music ever since . I be grateful to you . and I have admire you . how could you ... how could you serve that criminal ? he fall silent . int . steve's office - day emmi , at the open door , have be listen . she 's shocked , turn away to see Steve , on the extension , chuckle , grin from ear to ear . steve how many ? Jesus , that 's dynamite ! okay . int . waiting room - day David and furtwängler have not move . both be look towards Steve 's office and emmi in the doorway . again the sound of Steve 's laugh . then emmi step into the room , approach furtwängler . emmi Dr. furtwängler . he give she a wonderful smile . and , suddenly , Steve stand in the doorway , smile . steve well now . be not we all sociable ? the other be make awkward . steve I have get to hand it to the british , David . you know what that guy be ? decent . ( he sit , cross he leg . ) tell I , herr Dr. furtwängler , do you know han hinkel ? furtwängler yes , a despicable human be . he be in the Ministry of Culture . his job be to get rid of Jews in the art . steve yup , that 's he , that 's the guy . you know what else the little creep do ? he keep file , close on 250,000 file . and you know what 's in that file ? furtwängler certainly not , but I know he have informer everywhere . even in my orchestra there be someone steve who ? furtwängler I be not tell . I just know it . steve how ? furtwängler ( uneasy ) I be warn . steve who warn you ? furtwängler ( lowering he head ) goer . because hinkel be work for Goebbels . steve what do goer say ? furtwängler he tell I to be careful as one of Goebbels ' man be watch I . he read a report on I - everything I say be quote word by word . steve oh boy , you be gonna love this . take you time with this now . that file contain the detail of every work artist in this country . that file be gonna tell we who join the Party , who inform and who be helpful . furtwängler go to the door . David open it for he . furtwängler nod , then turn to emmi , bow to she and smile . he go . int . british intelligence hq , archive room - day security you name , please . david David will . security over there . there be a long trestle table run the length of the room , with chair , as if in a library . a notice request ' silence ' . british and american serviceman , a Russian and a french officer study papers , make note . at the furthest end , Steve , David and emmi . steve fantastic ! the only condition be we have to do the work here . I want you to collect all the file on the boy in the band . int . british intelligence hq , archive room - night David discover that the archive room be originally a synagogue . he be move . he lay stone on the rail of what be once the ark . int . british intelligence hq , archive room - day emmi and David surround by file , sifting through , make note . they examine the hinkel Archive . int . british intelligence hq , archive room - day another day . Sunshine pour in . Steve seat as before , but emmi and David again in different place . emmi rise , go to Steve , show he something . emmi maybe you can have a look at this . he read . he be not pleased . he write furiously . emmi return to she place . suddenly , a movement cause Steve to look up . steve and he Pov : David slide a note across to emmi . emmi read the note . David watch she . she look at he . she almost smile , nod surreptitiously . david ( a whisper ) schubert . she feel Steve 's eye on she , and return quickly to she work . Steve be displease and even more suspicious . ext . partly ruined church - evening summer evening . the first movement of schubert 's string quintet in C Major , d956 , play by three man and two woman to a large audience pack into the ruin , partly open to the sky , dymshitz among they . at the rear of the church , emmi and David , enrapture , seat side by side . the first movement end and the adagio begin . after the music gather momentum : rain . Thunder and lightning . the musician continue to play , unperturb . they be come to the end of the quintet . David and emmi huddle together . some umbrella up and then movement which catch David 's attention . he nudge emmi , I indicate with he chin . people have move to reveal furtwängler : seat , wear a hat , still I ' as a statue , soak , listen , expressionless . much applause . the musician bow . the audience start to leave . emmi and David emerge from the ruin . furtwängler pass they . they nod awkwardly . he do not respond but be about to walk on when dymshitz push through , nod to David , who salute . dymshitz catch up with furtwängler . they be near to emmi and David . dymshitz Dr. furtwängler - furtwängler stop . dymshitz move , you agree ? whenever I hear schubert I be move . you agree ? furtwängler the tempi be a little too correct for my taste . but I expect that be because of the rain . he nod politely , be about to go - dymshitz ( also for David 's benefit ) wait , Doctor , I understand you have difficulty with the Americans . I want you to know , I be you champion . we can help . furtwängler allow himself a faint smile , tip he hat , and then hurry off into the night . dymshitz go , too . David and emmi watch they . then : emmi ( frown , worried ) what do he mean , too correct ? david I do not know . huddle under they umbrella , they dash off . int . steve's bedroom , grand HOTEL - night Steve , fully dress , lie on the bed in he small , shabby room , stare into space . he be suddenly startle by a loud roll of thunder and then a fierce crack of lightning . he go to the window , watch the rain . he stand motionless for a second , then make a decision . he grab he cap , a raincoat from the back of the door . another loud thunderclap . int . US officer ' club - night dancer jitterbugge and jiving . among they , David and emmi also dance , imitate the other and have a good time . the music end . scatter applause . the band leave the platform . the dancer return to table or the bar . later : David and emmi at they table , eat . she eat voraciously , eye glaze , all she concentration on the food in front of she . David be fascinate , can not stop watch she . Steve enter the club , make he way to the bar , order a drink . Steve turn to survey the room , almost at once spot David and emmi , they back to he . he observe they . David and emmi at they table : they have finish they meal . emmi be silent now , stare at she empty plate . Steve be suddenly at they table . steve well , what be this , the office party ? David and emmi be freeze with embarrassment . steve May I join you ? ( sit down , beam . ) so , what have you two be up to tonight ? hey . do not I owe you a bottle of french champagne ? tries to get a waiter 's attention but fail . '' no response . steve you know , David , you be a lucky guy . I invite emmi here but she turn I down . you must have hide depth , David ... he band start to play ; he stand , hold out a hand . steve c'mon , emmi , let 's dance . I will teach you how to jive . she be horribly embarrassed , do not move . David suddenly stand and take emmi by the arm . david I be very sorry , Major , but I promise she mother , we have to go . they leave quickly . Steve watch they . he sink down , angry and jealous . int . hall , stairway , straube apartment block - night David and emmi enter the hall , each lock in they own thought . they reach the foot of the stair and pause . they want to kiss but both be too awkward . she start up the stair . emmi do not see I to my door , there 's no need . david but I promise you mother . she stop , turn . emmi well , sleep well . she continue on she way . int . archive room - day Steve and emmi at work on the file . one or two british officer present , and David , who be work at the far end of the table . he have a cold . emmi , who also have a cold , open a file and be immediately alert . she read . she blow she nose . she be uncertain . she look up at Steve . she make a decision . she rise , take the file to Steve . emmi Excuse I , Major . I find this on helmuth rode . you remember ? the second violinist ? look , he 's austrian not german . but it 's this that 's more important , I think ... she point to something . Steve laugh loudly . a officer sssh ! David look up at they , puzzle . then a british sergeant come into the doorway . sergeant Lieutenant will , telephone - David rise and as he go : the officer ( exasperate ) what be this , a railway station ? int . lobby , archive build - day in a booth near the front desk , David be on the telephone . david ( into telephone ) David . will . hello ? who ? who in Wiesbaden ? irritate , he tap the receiver but the line 's go dead . ext . lakeside , berlin - day Steve lie , shirt off , take the sun . Children play . noise behind he of someone in the bush . Steve do not move . rode , carry a slender leather case , push through to Steve , who remain with he eye close . rode Major . steve ( eye still close ) helmuth . rode guess what I be hold in my hand . you like guess game ? steve Love them , helmuth . I give up . what be you hold in you hand ? rode take from the case a conductor 's baton . Steve open one eye . rode it 's Dr. furtwängler 's baton , which I steal . steve the one he keep in he right hand . yes , you remember . rode yes , you remember . steve how could I forget ? sit up , take the baton . somewhere a child laugh ; suddenly Steve thrust the baton at rode . steve show I . rode show you ? steve yeah , show I , I want to see you do it . pretend I be Adolf . you be the maestro , and you have the baton in you right hand , but you give I the salute just the same . rode not here , Major , there be people , if anybody should see ... please , please , Major ... steve do it , helmuth . after nervous look over he shoulder rode , salute half - heartedly . steve do it right . rode thrust he hand out in the Nazi salute . people by the lake : mostly elderly , but some young one see rode salute . some turn away . other stare . steve's voice you look great do that . rode and Steve : rode look around nervously , lower he arm . steve and I see what you mean . you nearly poke my eye out . rode exactly . replace the baton , give Steve the case . steve do not worry , helmuth , it will be we secret . a ball come bound towards they . Steve catch it . then a boy run in , look hopeful . boy mister , mister , here , here , mister !!! Steve toss the ball back to he . steve great catch , kid . the boy run off . rode so . you want to see I . Steve pat the spot next to he and rode sit . rode you usually do not work on Sunday , Major ? steve all in the cause of humanity , helmuth . or should I call you one - zero- four-nine - three - three -one ? rode what ? steve one-zero-four-nine - three -three - one . or d' you mind if I just call you ' one ' ? rode make a attempt to go but Steve grab he . steve you know what I say you be , helmuth ? I say you be a piece of shit . rode suddenly start to retch . rode that bastard ! people by the lakeside : face turn at rode 's sob . impassive . blank . Steve and rode : steve who 's the bastard , helmuth ? hinkel ? rode nod . steve why ? he promise to remove you file ? rode vomit . steve and what about before that ? what be you a member of in Austria ? after a moment : steve be a member of ...? speak up ? rode ( barely audible ) I be a member of the Communist Party . I be a communist . that 's what hinkel have over I . he know everything . he hold that over I . that 's how he make I co-operate . steve oh , I see , he make you co-operate . and now be you a communist again ? rode ( angry ) you do not know what it 's like to wake up every single morning of you life terrify , you do not know that - ( he stop . ) brief silence . Steve stand . further along the lakeside : Steve and rode walk . people about . boat on the lake . rode I would never , in my wildest dream , have ever be a second violinist in the Berlin philharmonic . when they get rid of the ... the Jews in the orchestra , it give people like I a chance . ext . lake - day rode row Steve in a small boat . rode , exhaust , stop . the boat drift . Steve watch he for a moment , then : steve helmuth , you ever hear of plea - bargain ? rode , try to catch he breath , shake he head . steve talk about power , I have the power to give you work , make you life easier . you past will not be mention . I could give you a job tomorrow but I have to get something in return . see , helmuth ? that 's plea-bargain . no response . rode keep he head bow . steve I can give you freedom of movement , freedom to work , freedom , helmuth . but I need something in return . rode Major , we be discuss a man of genius , I do not want ... steve fuck that , helmuth . you want to discuss symbol here ? this guy be a front man . he be the piper , but he play they tune , you get my philosophical meaning ? I be not interested in small fish , I be after moby Dick . come on , helmuth . hard fact . silence . then rode slowly raise he head . rode the only thing I know be he 's a anti-semite . steve of course . you , too . like everyone else in this goddamn country . ext . wood , lakeside - day rode and Steve walk . rode suddenly turn to he : rode I have remember something else ... steve yeah ? rode furtwängler send Hitler a telegram for he birthday . steve he do ? rode one of you people tell I . steve one of my people ? they start to walk away from the water . rode yes . a corporal . US Army . a Jew . he say he would see the telegram in the chancellery . steve son-of -a-gun . we will find the corporal and we will find the telegram . he stop , take out a cigarette , offer one to rode , light they both , give rode the packet . they smoke for a moment . steve but I need documentary proof . you know of anything like that ? rode no . but that 's why we hate he . we admire he as a conductor but we all hate he too because he do not have to join the Party and yet he have a better life than any of we . he do not have to go and deliver a report after every trip abroad . he get everything from they , everything . he be filthier than any of we Party member . the sun be set . rode stop suddenly . rode there 's a rumour ... I do not know if it 's true or not ... but ask he about von der null . steve never hear of he , who be he ? rode Edwin von der null . Music critic . he give furtwängler terrible review while he rave about Herbert von karajan . steve who 's he ? rode also a conductor . very brilliant . young. von der null call he ' the Miracle von karajan ' . furtwängler be outrage and they say he have von der null conscript into the army . the same thing happen to another critic . true or not , it 's not such a bad idea . Critic give you bad review , you have they send to the Russian front . ( chuckk . ) but if you really want to get furtwängler , ask he about Herbert von karajan . steve the Miracle kid . rode yes , yes you may notice that he cannot even bring himself to utter he name , he ... he refer to he as k . rode try to make up he mind about something , then decide . he reach into a inside pocket and take out a small black notebook . rode and ask he about he private life . steve his private life ? rode hesitates , then he hand Steve the black book . rode yes , it 's all in here . his woman . int . archive room - day Steve go along the shelf fill with file . he 's at the h , then I , then J. he stop at the letter K. with he forefinger , he run down the file . he stop , pull out a fat file : ' karajan , h.von ' he open the file . insert : - the file : id photograph of a energetic-look young man and two Nazi Party membership booklet . int . cafeteria - day David make he way from the counter . he carry a tray with two cup of coffee . he go to a table where captain martin sit , papers and file spread before he . David give he he coffee , then sit across from he , blow he nose . silence while they sugar and milk they coffee . David aware of Martin 's eye on he . martin where do you stand on all this ? david on all what ? martin on furtwängler . david I do not know . he break off . martin you represent the United States now . we have a moral duty to be just and we have to be see to be just . david Major Arnold believe he have a moral duty , too . martin we duty be to help furtwängler with he defence , ( carefully ) that 's why I want you to look at this ... ( he select papers from the table . ) this be part of the transcript of the trial at Nuremberg . we can not get they translate fast enough . but I guess you understand german , right ? pass papers across to David . martin that 's the evidence of a guy name dahlerus . he 's a swede . friend of Hermann goer . I want you to study it . and I want you to use it . David try to sneeze but fail ; he start to read . martin we be go to find more stuff to feed you . we will have some other suggestion . we need to build a case for the defence - base not on feeling , not on prejudice , but on fact . he watch David read . David be engross . almost imperceptibly , he shake he head . ext . berlin STREET - day a half - ruin café with table on the sidewalk . werner , the timpanist , schlee , the oboist , and two other seat at one of the table , drink coffee . David carry a attaché case and walk towards the café . he scan the people at the table , see the musician and approach . they stand . werner Lieutenant will . David nod werner herr schlee , timpanist , herr romer , cello and herr Schmidt , viola . they be willing to help . we have already order ourselves coffee . I hope you ... david yeah , of course . werner the whole orchestra will vouch for he . he be always there to support we . david we need name , if possible with address , because it 's urgent . name of musician save by Dr. furtwängler , people he help to escape abroad . let 's go somewhere public . David leave money on the table and then walk off with the four man . they talk as they make they way down a side street . int . dymshitz's villa - night Steve and dymshitz sit opposite each other and clink vodka glass . they have be drink but be not yet drunk . dymshitz to co-operation . they drink . dymshitz pour more vodka . steve I be in Vienna . I have with I a austrian chauffeur , Max he name be , he spend time in the camp . we be look at this viennese clean up the bomb damage , scavenge for rotting food , butt end , anything . I say , ' to think a million of this people come out to welcome Adolf on the day he enter the city , a million of them , and now look at them . ' and Max say , ' oh , not this people , Major . this people be all at home hide Jews in they attic . ' you get the point , Colonel ? the point be they be all full of shit . dymshitz furtwängler 's in a different category . steve we be deal with degenerate here . he be still for a moment , then grab the bottle and pour himself a drink , downs it . dymshitz watch he , then : dymshitz degenerate ? int . another room , dymshitz's office suite - night german modern painting stack untidily . dymshitz , carry a vodka bottle and he glass , show Steve the painting . Steve , too , have a glass . dymshitz a great artist will have great privilege in a Russian zone . steve that 's why he do not get the hell out of here when he have the chance ! I put that to he , he could not answer . why do not he go and direct in America , like that italian , toscanini . dymshitz pour vodka , raise he glass , drink . so do Steve . now , they mood swing with the drink . dymshitz drink ; then sit , sink into he own world . dymshitz ( lose for a moment ) perhaps ... perhaps he believe he could at least try to preserve something important , thing like a orchestra , a school . that 's he country . maybe he have a old mother who can not be leave alone . maybe he have brother , sister ... you can not ... a forlorn look at Steve . his eye be misty , he be visibly drunk . steve ( a wry smile ) Colonel . he have no sister , no brother , only a lot of love affair . dymshitz anyway , Major , why should he leave he country , he mother tongue , he family , he history , he past , he future , just because now , suddenly , there be a dictatorship ? why ? steve but what ... before that turn rotten ... what if they surround the space with barb wire , Colonel ? dymshitz ( suddenly explode ) do not talk about thing you know nothing about . he be in a dictatorship ! steve ( dismissive ) yeah , yeah , art and politics , yeah , yeah , I hear all about that . dymshitz ( angry ) in a dictatorship , art belong to the Party . if you want to be a conductor , you have to have a orchestra . and you can only get a orchestra if you have contact with the power . all over the world you need the right contact and you have to make the right compromise . steve this be what I be say . he must have have Party contact . dymshitz there be good Party member who help , and there be dirty non - Party member who inform on you . of course , they give he privilege . pause . dymshitz and suddenly , Steve , suddenly you notice that they like you . they honour you , suddenly you be the director of the best museum in the world , for example . steve what museum ? dymshitz I be sorry . Museum ? not ... I say orchestra . sorry . believe I . ( another sudden change of mood to earnest , intimate ) help I , Steve . you say you answer for someone from high up . I , too , have order from high up . very high up . we want furtwängler . I will give you in return the whole orchestra , four , five conductor . I need he , Steve . steve no can do . dymshitz let furtwängler go . please . steve I have a duty . dymshitz ( flaring ) duty ? I be sorry , duty ? duty fuck duty . trouble be , you Americans want everybody to live like you . we liberated Berlin , Major Steve , not you . we duty also be to bring back the best of german culture . dymshitz burst out laugh . stung , Steve advance on he , almost as if he 's about to attack he physically . he stop , sway a little , then , after a moment , drop down in a chair near to dymshitz . they drink . intimate : steve I be gonna get that fuck bandleader , Colonel . no deal . no fuck deal . dymshitz then you be go to kill I . int . steve's office - night drunk , Steve be clumsily , almost frantically , thread film into the 16 - mm projector . he switch off the light then stumble back to the projector , turn it on and direct its beam towards a blank square of watt . it 's a american military propaganda film . archive you will see ruin , you will see flower , you will see some mighty pretty scenery , do not let it fool you . you be in enemy country . the Nazi party may be go , but Nazi think , Nazi training and Nazi trickery remain . somewhere in this Germany be two million ex - Nazi official . out of power but still in there and think , think about next time . remember that only yesterday every business , every profession be part of Hitler 's system . practically every german be part of the Nazi network . they believe they be bear to be master . do not argue with they . you be not be send Germany as educator . you be a soldier on guard . you will observe they local law , respect they costume and religion and you will respect they property rights . you will not be friendly . you will be aloof , watchful and suspicious . Steve , sway slightly , watch , with the film continue . ext . flea market - day Bright summer 's day . emmi push she way through the crowded market . she come to the stall with gramophone record . David be with she , stay behind a little so as not to disturb she . she start to look through the record , blow she nose from time to time . then she find a box of record , open it , be delighted . she bargain with the stallholder , and she hand over money . she show she purchase to David happily . they struggle on in the crowd . David suddenly stop . he have spot a tandem . the bicycle with two seat be old and rusty but seem to be in work order . David step up to it , touch it . ext . woodland - day two person , emmi and David , riding the tandem . emmi in the front , pedall , David behind . the road go up into the hill be full of pothole . they change seat . David be in the front , emmi at the back . suddenly the road begin to descend . they change again , emmi sit in the front , David at the back . they speed down the hill . int . burnt -out department store - day the tandem , ride by emmi and David , roll into a huge building , black and burnt out . in the middle of the vast hall , surround by the staircase , there be a Christmas tree , almost burnt to cinder . emmi and David stare at it , mesmerise . david yesterday I read that furtwängler be ask to lead the New York philharmonic back in ' 36 , toscanini suggest it . have he accept , he would have become the most celebrate conductor in America . emmi when he make he decision , he could not have know everything . especially not the way people like you do , who have return from exile and feel that you have a right to pass judgement . because you be blameless , you think you know best who be a sinner and who deserve forgiveness . but you have no idea how people live here . david when he meet Hitler at he birthday and shook hand with he , be he pleased ? emmi I do not know . but you and I already know that he have save life . int . steve's office - day Steve and David study file in silence . furtwängler 's baton be on Steve 's desk . Steve drink black coffee . emmi enter . curt nod of greeting . she go to she desk , then take the bruckner record to Steve . Steve look at the record , then glance up at emmi . he do he best to exclude David , who try to hear what be say . emmi glance at David . she 's embarrassed . emmi bruckner 's seventh , Major . steve do you know where the adagio begin ? emmi of course . steve put it on ready to play , and I will tell you when to play it . he return to he desk . emmi look through the album for the appropriate record . int . steve's office - day Steve by the open window , look at he wristwatch , smoking a cigarette . David and emmi both watch he . the door open and furtwängler burst in . furtwängler it be now nine o'clock precisely . I do not intend to be keep wait again . steve ( dangerously calm ) do not talk to I like I be a second violinist . go back into the wait room . miss straube will come and get you when I be ready to see you . furtwängler go out . steve Jesus God , who the hell do he think he be ? who the hell do he think he be ? David and emmi gaze at he as he try to regain control . int . waiting room - day the door to the landing be open and rode be there pretend to sweep . he look in to see furtwängler sit , hold he handkerchief over he nose and mouth . rode would you perhaps like to have a glass of water , herr Professor ? furtwängler do not seem to hear . rode hesitates , then continue to sweep . int . steve's office - day David and emmi look at he , puzzle . she go to the door , open it , nod . rode quickly disappear . furtwängler look at emmi . furtwängler what be this man do here ? emmi do not answer . all eye on the door . furtwängler enter . steve Dr. furtwängler ! come in , come in , sit down . furtwängler , deeply suspicious , go for the uncomfortable chair . steve no , no , take this one , it 's more comfortable he hold the other chair for furtwängler , who sit . steve if it 's too hot , open you tie . furtwängler ( interrupt ) I wish to say something . steve go ahead , be my guest . furtwängler take from he pocket a piece of paper with note . he blow he nose . the room be warming up . it will become like a airless court room , a pressure cooker . furtwängler when I last see you , I be unprepare . I do not know what to expect . in this past week , I have be think more carefully and make some note . ( glance at the note . ) you have to understand who I be and what I be . I be a musician and I believe in music . I be a artist and I believe in art . Art in general , and music , in particular , have for I mystical power which nurture man 's spiritual need . I must confess , however , to be extremely naive . I insisted for many year on the absolute separation of art and politics . my entire life be devote to music because , and this be very important , because I think that I could , through music , do something practical . steve and what be that ? furtwängler maintain liberty , humanity and justice . steve gee , that 's a thing of beauty , honest to God , a real thing of beauty . I be go to try to remember that . Liberty , humanity and justice . beautiful . but you use the word ' naive ' . be you now say you think you be wrong ? that art and politics can not be separate ? furtwängler I believe art and politics should be separate , but that they be not keep separate I learn to my cost . steve and when do you first learn that - when you send the telegram ? be that the surrender signal , the wave of the white flag ? furtwängler what telegram ? steve ' happy birthday , dear Adolf , love wilhelm . ' or word to that effect . that sound to I like you be drop on you knee and say , ' okay , Adolf , you win . you be the number one man . have a swell party . ' furtwängler I have no idea what you be talk about . steve the birthday greeting you send to you old pal , Adolf hider . furtwängler I never send he any birthday greeting or any other kind of greeting . steve think carefully , wilhelm ... maybe not in you own name , but as privy councillor or vice - President . furtwängler I do not have to think carefully . this be utterly ridiculous . David and emmi exchange the briefest of look . David raise he hand . steve yes , David ? david why not show Dr. furtwängler the evidence . it may refresh he memory ? furtwängler you will not find it because no such telegram exist . steve well , I try , you get to admit I try . I think I might just trap you there , wilhelm , but David here be too quick for I . smart move , David , smart move . no , I do not have the telegram , but I know it exist . and I want you to know , wilhelm , we be go to keep look for it because I believe you send it . furtwängler then you be wrong . steve Art and politics , yeah , art and politics . let 's look at that . you and the Berlin philharmonic tour the third Reich , play in country the Nazis have conquer . be you say that conduct in occupy territory from 1939 on be not a commercial for Adolf and all he stand for ? furtwängler we never , never officially represent the regime when we play abroad . we always perform as a private ensemble . as I think I already tell you , I be a freelance conductor . steve you know something ? you should have write we insurance policy for we because you get more exclusion clause than double Indemnity . what do you imagine people think ? the Berlin philharmonic 's take over by Doctor Goebbels and he propaganda Ministry but wilhelm be a freelance , so art and politics be now entirely separate ? be that what you believe ordinary people think ? furtwängler have no idea what ordinary people think . steve no ! furtwängler no , because I have only one intention . my only intention whatever I do be to show that music mean more than politics . steve tell I about von der null . furtwängler ( take off - guard ) von der null ? steve yes , von der null . furtwängler von der null ? steve how long 's this go to go on , wilhelm ? I say von der null , you say von der null , I say von der null , you say von der null , we could go on all day . you know who von der null be , do not you ? Edwin von der nuell , music critic . furtwängler yes , I know who he be . steve be not it true that because he give you bad review and praise this young guy , von karajan , call he a goddamn miracle , say he be a better conductor than you , then you have von der null conscript into the army and no one 's hear from he since ? furtwängler that 's a outrageous lie ! steve you sure you do not call one of you close buddy and say , God in heaven , do you see what that guy von der null write about I ? the great conductor on earth . I want he out the way . he have the nerve to accuse I I be not play enough modern music . send he to stalingrad . be not that what you do ? you do not like criticism , do you , wilhelm ? you surely do not like they say there be another conductor who be better than you ... be you say the name von der null be never mention in you talk with Goebbels ? furtwängler ( uncomfortable ) well . once he say he would read what this man write about I . steve and what do he say ? furtwängler he say , ' do not mind he . his job be to criticise , you job be to conduct . ' steve and what happen to von der nul ? furtwängler I have no idea . steve you have really no idea ? I will tell you what happen . he die in stalingrad . furtwängler I be sorry . steve now , that young conductor what 's he name ? ( play with furtwängler ) that miracle kid , you know who I mean . von karajan ! but you call he something else . c'mon . what do you call von karajan ? silence . steve say it . silence . steve I will say it , then . ' Little K. ' be that right ? you could not even bear to say he name ! furtwängler rise angrily and start to pace . furtwängler please stop play this game with I . why you should bring up the name of another conductor be beyond my understanding . steve I will tell you why . you remember we talk about you play for Hitler 's birthday ? and you tell I that Goebbels get to you doctor first , that you be trick ? furtwängler yes , that 's what happen . he sit heavily , wipe he brow . he be sweat now . steve I have a different story to tell . I do not think you be trick . not in the way you describe . I believe something else happen . I have see the hinkel Archive , I have see record of phone call , and put it all together , this be what I think happen . I think Goebbels say , ' wilhelm , if you will not conduct for Adolf 's birthday , we will get the Miracle kid , the guy that critic , von der null , think be the great conductor in the world . he 's not just willing to conduct for Adolf , he 's offer to sing " happy birthday " as a solo . ' silence . steve come on , admit it . k worried you , do not he ? he always worried you . in 1942 , he 's thirty - four year old , you be already fifty - six . and Goebbels and goer keep say to you , ' if you do not do it , little k will . ' never mind art and politics and symbol and airy - fairy bullshit about liberty , humanity and justice because I do not care how great you be . it 's the oldest story in the book , ( a wry look at David ) the ageing Romeo jealous of the young buck . the real reason you do not leave the country when you know you should have be that you be frighten that , once you be out of the way , you would be supplant by the Miracle kid , the Party 's boy twice over , flashy , talented little k . furtwängler this be absolute nonsense ! steve well , I be just beginning to develop my theme . be not that what you call it in classical music , develop you theme ? okay , so they play on you insecurity . that 's human , understandable . but , there be one guy who do not like little k as much as he like you - yeah , the number one man you old pal , Adolf . he think you be the great , and when he say , I want wilhelm for my birthday , boy , they better go out get wilhelm . so , josef call and threaten you with little k . and you say to hell with the ninth in Vienna , I will give it to Adolf as a birthday present in Berlin . that 's the trick they play , they get you by the ball and they squeeze . hard . why do you stay ? why do you play for they ? why be you the flag-carrier for they regime ? jealousy ? furtwängler ( interrupt ) of course there be a conspiracy against I , a campaign - even abroad . brief silence ; all eye on he . steve you see , wilhelm , I be talk about ordinary , everyday reason . which be why I want to discuss you private life . how many illegitimate child do you have ? david Major , I do not see how this line of question could ... steve David , what be you counsel for the Defence now ? ( ( to furtwängler ) do you hear the question ? furtwängler ( barely audible ) I have illegitimate child . steve what ? furtwängler I say I have illegitimate child . I do not know how many . steve you like the woman , do not you , wilhelm ? no response . steve be not it true that before every concert you get a woman in you dress room and give she the old conductor 's baton , be not that true ? david ( indicate emmi ) Major , this be deeply offensive and repugnant ! steve you bet . david and totally irrelevant . steve ( continue to furtwängler ) not so , counsellor . that secretary of yours , she be not just you secretary , she procure woman for you , do not she ? as many and as often as you want . furtwängler stop this , please , stop this now ! steve no , I be not go to stop it . Hitler himself offer you a beautiful house and a personal bomb shelter . furtwängler I absolutely refuse the house and the bomb shelter . steve but you see what I be get at ? you get a gorgeous house , you be highly pay . what be you gonna do , stay or leave ? one voice come back at I : stay ! david Major , that 's not a good argument . if Dr. furtwängler do indeed enjoy all this ... this privilege , he enjoy they because of who he be and what he be . that 's true of any lead artist in any country in the world . steve but it still do not make they saint . they still have to get up and piss in the middle of the night , do not they ? they can still be vindictive and envious and mean just like you and I . well , just like I . can not they ? no response . to furtwängler : steve okay , wilhelm , go home now . go home and think about this past twelve year . furtwängler I do not understand what you mean . steve no , that 's you problem , wilhelm . you understand nothing . we will call you . go ! furtwängler leave . david Major . Steve go to he desk and , as furtwängler rise uncertainly : steve what ? david you manner . steve my manner ? why do not you go downstairs , get a cup of coffee and calm down ? what 's the matter , emmi ? what 's go on with you ? what 's wrong ? emmi I be sorry but I have to leave . I will find other work . you will have to get someone else , that 's all . steve what be this , emmi ? emmi I can not do this . it 's not right . steve what 's not right ? emmi I have be question by the gestapo just like that . just like you question he . steve emmi , stop ! I want to show you something . let I show you something and then if you want to leave , you can leave , please please . his friend , they do this . and he give they birthday concert . emmi but he have no idea , a lot of people have no idea . I only realise what be really go on when I get arrest . steve if he have no idea , why do the Jews need save ? this be the question , emmi , to all Germans : why do the Jews need save in this country ? why , if people have no idea ? emmi I would like to go now , please . but Steve turn on the projector and the Bergen - belsen film flicker into life . int . US officer ' club - night Band play . couple dance . David and Steve at the bar , each with a drink in front of they , lose in they own thought . then : Steve sign to the barkeeper to fill they glass but David put a hand over he glass . then : david can I ask you a favour , Major ? steve yeah . david when you question he again , could you treat he with more respect ? steve with more what ? more what ? david Major , he may just be the great conductor of this century and that merit respect . steve ( flaring , hiss ) David , I do not understand a thing about you . you be a Jew . be you a Jew ? david yes , I be a Jew . but I like to think first I be a human be . steve a human be , oh , good , I be relieved , I think you be go to say you be a music lover . this man , this great artist have make anti-semitic remark like you would not believe . I get letter . david Major , show I someone who have not make a anti-semitic remark and I will show you the gate of paradise . steve ( over-react and overlap ) what be it with you , David ? where be you feeling ? where 's you hatred , you disgust ? where 's you fuck outrage , David ? he start to go , then come back to they . steve think of you parent , David , and then think of he conduct ' happy birthday , dear Adolf ' . I mean , for chrissake , whose side be you on ? grow up ! just grow the fuck up ! the customer stare at he as he stalk out . the band play . CUT to : int . straube apartment - evening David and emmi , sit . david I want you to come back to the office . May I come in ? if you be there you can influence what happen . what good can you do by leave . if you go , you be give up and how can you help furtwängler or I ? do not think about leave . stay . int . steve's office - day hot , window close . furtwängler seat . David and emmi present . Steve look up from he note . steve everybody say what a great benefactor you be to the Jews . but -- ( hold up a sheaf of papers . ) I have thing here you say and write . listen to this : ' the Jew composer schonberg be admire by the jewish International . ' and what about this : ' jewish musician lack a genuine affinity with we music . ' ' jewish musician be good businessman with few scruples , lack root . ' you deny you say this thing ? furtwängler that attitude do not exist in I . steve I believe that . but just answer the question , do not give I explanation . furtwängler speak to Party member I use they language , of course I do , everyone do . david ( with some irony ) Major , sorry to interrupt , but maybe we have to ... maybe we have to balance that thing against he assistance to he jewish colleague . Steve tense . david this be a transcript of the proceedings at Nuremberg . a swedish businessman , birger dahlerus , testify in cross - examination that he have several meeting with Hermann goer . ' I first see goer , ' dahlerus testify , 'embroil in a stormy interview with wilhelm furtwängler , the famous conductor of the Berlin philharmonic , who be vainly seek permission to keep he jewish concert master . hold up he package of letter and dump they on emmi 's desk . david emmi , pick one of this , any one , read it out loud . emmi be uncertain . Steve shrug indifferently . she pick a envelope and take out the letter . emmi ( read ) ' please remember that Dr. furtwängler risk he life to help anyone who ask he . I personally testify to have see literally hundred of people line up outside he dress room after concert to ask for he help . he never turn anyone away . after he hear I play ... I be a violinist ... he give I money because I be unable to feed myself or my family and then he help I to escape to Sweden . he help countless people in similar way . ' david and this , only one of this letter , Major . I have lot of they . steve ( smile ) how many time have I get to tell you I be in insurance ? you think I can not smell a phoney policy when it 's shove under my nose ? sure , he help Jews , but that be just insurance , he cover , because all the while he be maestro of all he survey , ( turn on furtwängler ) see , wilhelm , I think you be they boy , they creature . you be like a advertising slogan for they : this be what we produce , the great conductor in the world . and you go along with it . the truth of the matter be , wilhelm , you do not need to be a member of the Party . I make a mistake when I ask you for you Party number . I should have ask you for you non - Party number . just like some other well - know artist . ( suddenly , to emmi ) emmi , put that record on . emmi put on the record of the adagio from bruckner 's seventh symphony . after a moment : steve do you know what that be ? furtwängler of course I know what that be . steve okay , so what be it ? furtwängler bruckner 's seventh . the adagio . steve who 's conduct ? furtwanglbr I be . steve you know the last time it be play on this air wave ? furtwängler how can I know such a thing ? steve I will tell you , then . the last time this music be play on this air wave be after they announce that you pal Hitler have shot himself . listen to it . they listen . do they pick little k 's recording ? do they pick some other conductor ? no , they pick you , and why ? because you represent they so beautifully . when the Devil die , they want he bandleader to conduct the funeral march . you be everything to they . the music play . furtwängler ( near to breakdown but struggle for control ) I have always try to analyse myself carefully and closely . in stay here , I believe I walk a tightrope between exile and the gallow . you seem to be blame I for not have allow myself to be hang . David take the record off . furtwängler I do not directly oppose the Party because I tell myself , that be not my job . if I have take any active part in politics I could not have remain here . but as a musician , I be more than a citizen . I be a citizen of this country in that eternal sense to which the genius of great music testify . I know that a single performance of a great masterpiece be a stronger and more vital negation of the spirit of buchenwald and auschwitz than word . a uncontrollable surge of anger well up in Steve , cause he to pace alarmingly . he grab the baton from he desk , stand tremble before furtwängler , and snap it in half . he push he face close to furtwängler , who recoil , terrify . David half - stand , ready to intervene physically . during this emmi put she finger in she ear . steve ( quiet , terrifying ) have you ever smell burn flesh ? I smelt it four mile away . four mile away , I smelt it . have you ever see the gas chamber , the crematoria ? have you see the mound of rotting corpse ? you talk to I about culture , art and music ? you put that in the scale , wilhelm ? you set culture , art and music against the million put to death by you pal ? they have orchestras in the camp . they play Beethoven , wagner . the hangmen be play chamber music at home with they family . I do not understand the Germans ' relationship with music . what do you need music for ? you pal you could call to save a few Jews when million of they be be annihilate ? yes , I blame you for not get hang , I blame you for you cowardice . you strutte and swaggere , you fuck piece of shit , king -pin in a shithouse . you talk to I about walk a tightrope between exile and the gallow , and I say to you , lie ! furtwängler ( break down ) I love my country , I believe in music , what be I to do ? steve look around you . see the country you serve . look at people who have real courage , who take risk , who risk they life . like emmi 's father . he see emmi have she finger in she ear , yell at she . steve emmi , take you finger out of you ear ! she do so . steve I be talk about you father . she scream . stillness . all eye on she . emmi my father only join the plot when he realise that we could not win the war . she cry quietly . furtwängler ( desperate ) what kind of a world do you want , Major ? what kind of world be you go to make ? do you honestly believe that the only reality be the material world , so you will be leave nothing , nothing but feculence ... more foul - smell than that which pervade you night ... ( near to breakdown ) how be I to understand , how be I to know what they be capable of ? no one know . no one know . he break down , bury he face in he hand , weep . furtwängler I do not want to stay in this country . yes , I should have leave in 1934 , it would have be better if I would leave ... he be suddenly overtaken by nausea and faintness , stand , a hand to he mouth . emmi go to he . steve get he out of here . emmi help furtwängler out . Steve stride to the window , open it , put he head out into the fresh air . int . waiting room - day emmi help furtwängler to a chair . she watch he solicitously . he breathes deeply . furtwängler thank you , fraulein . you have be most kind . ( he rise . ) he smile at she . she be embarrassed . int . steve's office - day Steve be try to get a number on the telephone . David be pack up he papers . David turn to the record , start to son through until he find what he 's look for . he remove the bruckner and put another record on the turntable . steve ( into the telephone ) Major Arnold . get I General wallace . General ? Major Arnold , about furtwängler . I do not know if we have get a case that will stand up , but sure as hell we can give he a hard time . at full volume the sound of the subdued open of Beethoven 's ninth symphony . steve ( to David ) hey , turn that down , would you ? can not you see I be on the phone ? ( into the telephone ) never mind , we get a journalist who will do whatever we tell he . but David ignore he , sit , implacable , listen . int . steve's build - day furtwängler walk slowly down the stair , a break man struggle to regain he composure . emmi watch he . int . steve's office - day the music at full blast . David , at a open window , keep he back to Steve , still on the telephone . steve turn it off ! ext . steve S build - day furtwängler , on the stair , stop , hearing the music echoing through the building . furtwängler leave hand begin to tremble , but it be only he way of sense the tempo . furtwängler slowly continue down the stair . steve's voice we hand wilhelm furtwängler over to the civil authority and he be charge with serve the Nazi regime , with uttering anti-semitic slur , perform at a official Nazi Party function and with be a prussian privy councillor . Dr. furtwängler be acquitted . I do not nail he . but I sure winge he . and I know I do the right thing . furtwängler resume he career but he be never allow to conduct in the United States . he die in 1954 . Little k succeed he as head of the Berlin philharmonic . int . concert hall ( archive ) furtwängler conduct . Goebbels and other high -ranking Nazis in the audience . when the music finish , furtwängler turn and bow . Goebbels rise and shake hand with he . furtwängler take he handkerchief and wipe he hand . the film replay this gesture several time - furtwängler wiping he hand . fade out : the end