talladega night by will ferrell and adam mckay May 5 , 2005 this material be the property of columbia picture ( '' columbia 's ) , a division of columbia picture industries inc . and be intended and restricted soley for columbia personnel , distribution or disclosure of the material to unauthorized person , or the sale , copying or reproduction of this material in any form be prohibited . OPEN on : black screen the quote come up '' I count himbraver who conquer he desire than he who conquer he eneme ; for the hardest vi ctory be the victory over self . '' aristotle , phil osopher , 361 this quote fade away and another cone up : '' anytime you step on the gas hard you 's be gonna have you up and dow . '' Ernie '' swervin '' irvan , stock car driver , 1992 CUT to . close up odometer - N ght q ose up of a odoneter on a mid-sixty chevy . it be strain to pass 125 mph . W hear a powerful V - 8 engine roaring . man S voce woo !! whoo-hoooo !!! go baby go !!!! Cone on you sweet lady , give not all you get !!!! the odoneter pass one hundred and thirty mile a hour . int . md- sixties chevy - N gt vwé see a woman , lucy bobby , 23 , in the midst of give birth in the back seat . driving the car be reese bobby , 26 . he be go ! no way too fast in a gleam inmecul eat try ck - out evy . reese wioo - whoo !!! honey wll you | ook at that speedoreter !! just | ook at it !! lucy | amgive birth to you child you jackass ! ! they go right by the hospital . lucy you j ust pass the hospital ! ! reese baby , we be go one hundred and thirty - six mle a hour ! ha , ha , ha !! this car be not never go this fast !!! vw hear the cry of a newoorn as the speedoreter strain to hit 140 mph . DI ssolve to . int . FOURTH grade classroom - day it be career day and a class of twenty fourth grader be listen to a parent , 35 , talk about he job wth he daughter , 9 , next to he in the front rowis ten year CD ricky , he wear brace and a ill-fitting , bright , orange collare shirt . he be clearly not one of the popular kid . parent ... and then | lock up and head on hone . so that 's what its like to manage a véffle House . the Gass clap and the teacher , a reddish brown haire woman of about 42 step in front of the class . teacher qkay , next up be ricky Bobby . ricky be you Father here ? ri cky no Mam mw mther say he 's off get speed ticket and chasi no tail . the class | augh . ricky do not know wy . teacher alright then , we will move on to brennan , wno 's Father be here to tell we what he job as a prison guard , be like . CLASS cool job ! awesone ! | want to bein prison ! there 's alittle tap at the door . reese bobby Excuse nme darlin ...!’ m reese Bobby . |’ mhere for career day wth ny son ricky ... ve see reese be peek through the door wth a cigarette in he mouth . ri cky dad ! ricky run up to reese and hug he reese bobby hey there boy . man you get bi g... how long 's it be ? Three ront hs ? ri cky ten year . reese bobby aw sorry about that . here 's a five dollar bill . he hand ricky the bill as the other boy and he dad sit down . teacher M. Bobby , there 's no snoke in here . reese bobby it 's alright honey , |’ m bond . ( address the cl ass ) qxay ...| ama race car driver . the kid oh and ah and ricky bean with pride . reese bobby and the first thing you gotta learn if you wanna be a race car driver , be that you do not listen to loser ... like you teacher over here . teacher qxay , | think that 's enough . reese bobby you teacher want you to go slow and she 's wo , cause this whole world build on speed . just remenber , it 's the fastest that get pay and it 's the fastest that get laid . ext . school - FI ve mnute later reese Bobby be be forcibly remove fromthe school by three jan tor , while ricky watch . reese bobby you people be in the wo on this one !!! so in the wo !!! this be egregi ous !!! do you hear not , ear egi ous ! |! they toss reese onto the parking | to . he get up . ri cky dad ? reese bobby do not listen to this people ricky ! you be a wnner ! you get the gift . Al way renenber : if you aint first , you 's be last . he jump in he car and take off . reese bobby see you when you be grow up ! ri cky ( awe strike ) if you aint first , you be last ... slow DI ssolve : ext . talladega speedway - ten year later card : '' the tall adega speedway : ten year later '' qverhead shot of talladega speedway 1992 . W helicopter pan past a electric crow of two hundred thousand people as multi-color stock car tear dow the straight away wtha deafen roar . mmm it 's sweet . espn ancr # 1 ( V . '' ) it be a hot one here in talladega . and this crowd of over one hundred and ei ghty thousand be enj oye one heck of a race ! Cal naughton Jr. have be dueling Bill elliot all day long ... CUT to . ext . pit row - conti nuqus W see a quick cut of the caution flag be wave . a hand full of car pull into pit row . W focus on one parti cul be car : # 28 the laugh cow milt liquor car as it weakly roll to a stop . as soon as it stop the crewis all over it change tire and fueling up like they 's be involved in sone kind of aut onoti have ballet . vé whip pan to the crewto see ricky change a tire . he 's on the crew . he 1s not the driver fé still have a dorky spiky haircut and a pimple or two wth a nane tag read '' ricky '' on he crew suit . the crew chi ef , lucius WASHINGTON , a intimidating African arerican man , start talk to the driver . luci US Terry ! Terry ! listen to I . you be run a terrible race man ! w're in last place . you have not pass anyone in forty - five minute . Terry ? the driver do not respond . lucius reach into the car and touch the driver who sl unp over . luci US sweet mother Mary ! this man 's dead ! he 's cold to the touch . hershell |’ have watch that true crime show that take like two hour for a body to get cold . another crew venber how the hell be he turn corner ? hush fall over the pit crew . glenn a slightly affect georgian wth a big Adams apple , speak up . glenn vw 's have be crew a ghost car . luci US gt this body out of the car . ( turn to the crew alright gentleman the bottomline be if we do not finish this race we sponsor be gonna shit a chicken . the crew start to get the body out of the car . glenn think about it . he be dead and he be still drive . it be ... it be literally a ghost car . luci US | need I a driver . who want to go fast ? super fast push | N to RI cky bobby ricky raise he hand . ri cky | like to go fast . li ghten no qui ck series of cut - 1 ) ricky be zipped up in the suit 2 ) buckle click he into the seat 3 ) gose up of a tire peel out 4 ) the car tear out of pit rowwth a vengeance music : steve earle 's S '' last of the troubadours '' ki ck in hard . OPEN ! no credi ts start ext . stand - conti nuous in the crowded stand we see a father , 49 , a mother , 48 , and he two son all deck out in nascar hat , shirt and jacket listen to the coverage on they race radio . espn ancr # 1 ( v.q ) vw have get a situation for the laugh gow milt liquor nunber 28 car . apparently Terry lecheveaux be sick and one of he crew nenber have take the well . int . ricky S car - conti nuous ricky be move and shaking . he 's get he spotter in he ear as well as luci we . lucius ( v.q ) just play it safe . | do not want you weck that car and cost we three hundred thousand gd . buck . ri cky wth all due respect sir , | think |’ m go to do sone drive . vw see he foot on the accelerator and he begin to pass car . ricky fake high and then pass | ow . tap someone 's 's fender then dodge a weck nasterfully . espn announcer # 1 wi ! look at that . the tire changer in the 28 car be really go after it ! ext . race track - later CUT to . checker flag be wave we see ricky finish third . ext . pit row a reporter fromthe show rpmis intervi ewng ricky . reporter from rpm ... the big story from tal ! adega today be a little - knom tire changer , ricky Bobby , who fini shed third in the laugh gow mit liquor car . ricky , where have you learn to drive like that ? CUT to . vé see that ricky be extremely nervous . he just stare at that camera for along time . ri cky do you want not to talk ? reporter from rpm if you would like to say something that 's d be great . ri cky ( too softly ) véll the car handle real good ... and that be good so | feel good . reporter frov rpm can you speak up ricky ? ri cky | say the car handl ed good and that be good . so! feel good which be good ... reporter from rpm a ght . the car be good ... we get that . ri cky and if my daddy 's be watch |’m sorry | do not finish first . I will do better next time ... CUT to . int . garage area - conti nuous the teamowner , M. dennt , alarge , garrul ous man watch the interview wth luci we . luci US bad news be he 's go to need sore on camera training . good news be he can drive M. dennit . mr_ denn T i’ mjust happy he do not wreck ny car . wiat 's he name again ? luci US ricky . ricky Bobby . CUT to . ext . darlington motor speedway - the next week we see ricky Bobby in he car approach the finish line wth three car in front of he he zig zag through they tapping bumper and then throw a ball up piece of paper into Cal naughton 's car as he wn . announcer ( V. .. ) ricky Bobby wth sone go for break drive take the checker flag !!! do not try that at hore ! ! Cal naughton open the piece of paper and it read '' bye bye . '' cal naughton JR . cocky ass tire changer . music and cred ! ts conti nue to roll . CUT to . montage of sponsor progress ! on on hood of car W see different decal be put on the hood of ricky 's car as they get more and nore successful : 1 ) laugh gown mit liquor 2 ) pabst Blue ri bbon beer 3 ) dom peri gnon Champagne 4 ) Halliburton 5 ) the vatican 6 ) qprah whfrey and finally ... skoal bandit . ext . NORTH carocli na speedway - the next year ricky be do big victory donut in the infield , tear up grass . ri cky wooo !!! wooo !!! Wen he 's do we see from overhead that he 's witten '' I be # 1 '' in the turf . int . country western bar - ni ght ricky be line dance wth a dozen people behind he he 's get a different hairstyle and be alittle nore clean up . ext . nashville super speedway - the next month ricky Bobby try to j be between two car approach the finish line . announcer ( V. .. ) ricky Bobby think he see a gap but | sure as heck do not ... ricky spin out and roll into the infield . he get out of he car and stand on the hood and wave two small areri can flag as the crow ) cheer he announcer ( V. .. ) that 's ricky Bobby 's third no finish of the year but the fan love himfor go for the wo . 10 . int . country western bar ricky be line dance now wth a hundred peopl e behind he he now | ook good wth sone nice clothes and a good haircut . ext . daytona speedway - a year later ricky be be introduce at the pre-race introduction . in the crowd a hot drunk bl onde carley , 25 , be sit on she DI rt baggy boyfri end S shoul der in the crowd . W see she from behind as she take off she top and flash ricky . hot drunk blonde hey ricky Bobby !! | wanna for ashen fushoo !! whooo ! ! ricky look over at she and they lock eye . it be love at first sight . ricky | have find ny angel ... ext . momansi on - day ricky carry carley in wedding gow through the front door of a huge mmansi on in a devel opment of identical mansi on . there be a giant bow on it . they enter and make out furi ousl y. ext . race track - a year later vw see a flurry of checker flag shoot through frane in succession as crowd go crazy . int . garage - tv cowerci al ricky work on he engine wth some crew nenber , turn to carer a . ri cky h , | ’mfr®cky Bobby and | love to be healthy but | also love deep fry pork product . but now ! can enj oy both wth new low carb mcg nty 's cheese pork ri nos . take a bite and snile ... 11 . ext . oountry vestern bar - ni ght ricky be line dance now wth literally two thousand people behind he the rule the race scene . ext . race track - day ricky be be interview by DI ck berggron for fox in Victory Lane . behind himhis crew and a crowd celebrate yet another victory . DI ck berggron heck of wo today , how do you feel ? ri cky ( fast and sharp ) wil Dick , | feel alike a fat man who - int . espn - day ricky finish he think but now he 's on espn 's the bot seat bei no interview by Stuart Scott . ri cky - weck into the cookie dough truck . | love - int . today show set - day now he 's be interview by Katie couric . ri cky - racing . | love hit that gap and maki no - int . lou dobb studio - day ricky be be interview by Lou dobb . ri cky - that checker flag shake . | love the speed , the bunpi no - 12 . int . ellen degenere - day ri cky - and the shakin . heck , | even love t he - int . telemundo talk show - day ricky be now on a Spanish | anguage talk show . ri cky - pit stop . they both chuckl e. mexi can talk show host bueno ricky Bobby . bueno . int . oprah winfrey set - day ricky finish the chuckle and now bei no interview by qor ah wof rey . oprah W nfrey you 's have becone knom as the dri ver who will not accept second pl ace . int . sesame STREET set - day ricky be now be interview by elm . elmo be do that desire cone fron ? ri cky | live and race by one notto ... int . PRESS room at the speedway - day ricky be now surround by literally three hundred reporter wth casette recorder and mc . W see this froman overhead shot . ri cky if you aint first , you be last . ricky give a wnk and a click as hundred of canera fire . 13 . music and credi ts end CUT to . ext . ri cky S momansi on - dusk qurrent Day . there be a dozen car park in the driveway : hunmrer , pick -up , a porshe , a tran ametc . word cove up across the bottom of the screen : '' present day aka : right friggn now int . the bobby DI N no room - conti nuoqus oq of Carly yell . carley Supper 's 's ready ! Cone on everyone ! Supper ! ! CUT to . panni no past a huge DI nner vw see a massive spread of fry chicken , burger , veget abl es biscuit etc . ricky sit at the head of the table in a Mountain Dew varsity jacket . they two son , 9 and 7 be there in Mountain Dew jacket as well . carley and carley 's S dad , 71 . they be all hold hand and say grace . during the entire scene there be a dog bark in the backgr ound . ri cky dear Lord baby Jesus or as we brother to the south cal ! you , hey - zue . vwé thank you for this bountiful harvest of fry food and pepsi . and |’d also like to thank you for ny fanily ; ny two beautiful son , hank and w11i and Jr. and of course ny red hot wfe , who if you be to rate here ass on a scale of 100 , it would easily be a 94 . ( more ) 14 . RI cky ( cont would ) | also want to thank you for ny wfe 's father chip and ! hope , dear baby Jesus that you can you can use you baby Jesus power to heal chi p's leg , which smell horrible and the dog be al way bother wth . also infant baby Jesus gi have we - carley you know sweetie , Jesus do grow up . you do not have to always call hi m baby . ri cky honey | just like the Christmas Jesus best . ch p he be a man . he have a beard . ri cky | wll always like the baby version the best ! do you hear I ?! i’ mthe one who win race and |’ mthe one who get money !!! carley ricky finish the grace . ri cky qk ... dear tiny newborn infant Jesus , we thank you for all the race |’ have win and the 21.2 million dollar in total prize winning that | alone have earn . also , due to a bind endorserent contract that stipulate | mention Mountain Dew whenever | say grace , I | have like to say that Mountain dewis thirst quenching and delicious . ane . everyone dig in . ri cky how be school today boy ? hank mw friend and | skip school and we find a spider and we throw light bulb at it for close to six hour and then | make a jelly sandw ch and then | throw light bulb at a spider . 19 . ri cky you already say that last part , but it sound |i ke a good day . wat about you wiliam jr.? wlli ams JR the teacher ask I what the capitol of North Carolina be and | say Washington D.C. and she say you be wrong . so ! say , '' you get a lunpy butt '' , and she get mad and yell at I and ! piss ny pants . and | never change ny pee pants all day . I ’mstill sittin’ in ny dirty pee pants . ri cky you kid be just like you dad , precocious and full of wondernent . chi p | can not hold ny tongue : that kid be my grandchi!l dren and you be raise themwrong . they be terrible little boy . wlli ams JR shut up chip ! you just a winkl ed old fart ! hank gandpa | swear you shut up rie ght now or |’ i1 beat you in the mouth ! ch p be you go to let you son talk to they grandfather like that ? ri cky | sure as hell be chip ! in fact I be proud of the way they 's be talk to you . they be wnner and wonner can do whatever they want . you be just a old bag of bone . the only thing you 's have ever do wth you life be make a hot daughter . carley daddy you stop disrespect ricky . he pay for this food and he pay for you leg treatment . you | eave he alone , under st ood ? 16 . ch p yes . carley baby what you gonna do t onorrow ? ri cky wn . carley waachya gonna do ?! ri cky wn . carley ki ds , what 's daddy gonna do ? hank and wlli ams JR . wn! carley daddy what 's you son - in - | aw gonna do ? ch p ah heck .... win. carley nobody beat ny baby ! she and ricky kiss in a really sexual way . smash CUT to : ext . menmph S motorsport park - the next day music : only daddy that 's ll walk the li ne by waylon jenni ngs vw push through fromthe shadow bowel of the speedway and up and out a entrance way to the sunlit track . it isa breat ht aking assault on the sense . W see hundred of thousand of fan and the jet black asphalt of the track wth gl eam car splay across pit rowlike fighter plane as the crew prepare for the race . CUT to . V /. ext . infield - conti nuqus ricky , in shade and he drive suit , stride past all the trailer set up in the infield . a constant stream of people come up to ricky and ask for he autograph and follow he while he walk . fan hey ricky Bobby ! if you aint first , you be last !... hey look , it 's ricky Bobby ! ri cky God | ove you ! more people start to swarmf aicky for autograph . he sign they program , shirt , face , hand and breast without miss a beat . carley ricky , do you see this nonth 's issue of hgh octane magazi not ? ri cky no baby ... ( then to some fan ) be that charla wth a '' S '' or a '' C ' ? carley hold up the magazine . it say '' formula I driver Jean grard : qur Driver of the Year ! '' there be a picture of a dash driver in front of a formula I race car . ri cky wat ? this be suppose to be ny year ! carley | already call themand say that you will ! never do another interview wth they again . he sign a program a woman 's chest and a baby in quick successi on . ri cky '' Jean grard ? '' who the heck be he ? | hate that formula I driver . they car | ook like bug . a cute brunette , 27 , wth glass come up to ricky . cute brunette Excuse I ricky ...? 18 . ricky sign she face and shirt really quickly . cute brunette ah ! ricky , it 's I , Susan . |’ m you assi st ant . ri cky aw jeez , |’ msorry Susan . you gotta stay clear of I when ! go into autograph node . |’ mreally sorry . ricky and carley start to walk away . carley turn back to Susan . carley by the way Susan , you might want to button up that top button on you blouse . if you do not have the merchandise do not put it in the front window . ext . ticket wndow ricky lean into the wll call window . ri cky hey Stephen , just makin 's sure that two ticket be here for ny special guest . stephen you know it ricky . good | uck today . Stephen show ricky the ticket as Rocky leave . stephen turn to the ticket taker , next to he stephen it 's so sad , he | eave two ticket for he daddy at every race and he never show up . ext . speedway - two hour later the race be in its final twenty lap . Cal naughton be | eadi no wth two car behind hi mand then ricky . m ke joy ( v.q ) ricky Bobby be do everything he can to catch Cal naughton Jr but this be just Cal 's day . 1y . ext . top of the speedway - conti nuqus vw see the balcony of spotter watch the race from overhead wth binocular . ricky S spotter 52 , wtha must ache and sungl ass wave ricky off . ricky ( v.0 . ) do | get roomto pass bet ween the two car in front of I ? ricky 's S spotter ricky there 's no room stay in you | ane ! int . ricky S car - conti nuous luci US ( V. 0 ) ricky , you be in fourth place . that 's 's good point . W do not need the wo . let naughton have this one . ri cky |’ msorry lucius , that just aint gonna happen . ricky accelerate towards a really small gap bet ween two car . he hit one and they all spin out leave Cal in the clear . luci US | tell he | tell the man ! int . cal naughton S car - conti nuous cal naughton woo ! Goodbye ricky ! ! ext . track - conti nuqus ricky have stop spin so that he 's face the wo way . he kick the car into reverse and keep go , backward . darryl waltri p ricky Bobby be try to finish the race in reverse ! this be unbel i evabl e ! ! 20 . ricky pass Cal and take the checker the flag while flipping Cal the bird . CUT to . ext . victory lane - lane gqewis shoot bottle of champagne into the air , cel ebr ati no . luci we pul | vé see the crew ricky ! ricky ! ricky ! ri cky it 's just call drive boy !!! wooo ! ! ! 's ricky aside . luci US that be sone of the dunbest drive |’ have ever see . you may have win but you gotta remenber , you 's be not gonna live forever . ri cky |’ mnot stupid lucius , no one life forever . but wth advance in modern science and ny high i ncore it be not crazy to think | can live to be 245 , maybe even three hundred year old . luci US this be for real ricky Bobby ! every driver know the big weck be wait for he you gotta respect the danger of what we do ! ri cky maybe even four hundred year . | hear they just put a pig heart in some guy from Russia . hershel ( 0 . C . ) Cone on ricky get over here and cel ebr at e! crew dance and spraying chanpagne all over each other . ricky join they 21 . ri cky woo !! woo ! ! vé see one crew menber have go a little too far in he celebration . he be in he underwear and be dance and hunping the back of ricky 's car . ri cky hey ! stop that man ! everyone quiet a bit and look at the crewnmember kyle kyle | think we be all get crazy , you know , lettin | oose . ri cky no one be hunping the car . that 's just weird . kyle since when do have start j udging cel ebr at i on ? M. dennit , the team owner approach ricky . he have a beautiful and very young blonde wfe , 19 , wth he mr . denn T that be a great wo ricky . but | think we get to start | ook at the big picture here . qur sponsor , along wth nyself would love to wo a point chanpi onshi P. ri cky wil wth all due respect sir | have no idea that you recently have get experimental surgery to have you ball renvve . nmr . denn T wat the hell do you just say to be ?! ri cky woa , wooa , M. dennit . | say wth '' all due respect '' . mvr . denn T that do not mean you can say anything you want . 22 . ri cky i’ mpretty sure it do . blonde W fe wy be that man have sex wth that car ? the Crew menber be back hunping the car . ri cky Kyle ! Kyle ! what do | just tell you ? int . '' the no brake honky tonk '- later a glley 's type honky tonk wth stage and bar in the back . five hundred people be press up against the stage as kei th toby , 35 , a country western singer , sing he american brand of music . kei th doby ... as for I all always take a beat up qui tar and a jug of sweet of cherry W ne . grow ) go nut . keith wait for the crowd to die dom . kei th doby wil this be a hell of a crowd and this sure be a hell of a nation . before | sing this next song | wanna bring up to the stage a real dear friend of mine and the wnner of yesterday 's menphis 400 . pl ease well cone the fastest there be anda true american : M. recky Bobby ! ricky j ump on stage . the crowd go nut . ri cky how good be keith doby ! kei th doby thanks ricky ! this next song be one of ricky 's favorite and it 's off ny Red , wite and not you album a qne , two , three , four ! the band kick in wth a country anthemthat the crow obvi ousl y know . 23 . kei th doby the cry of a newborn | nfant fill the hospi tal room a tire , but proud mom and dad look on the dad sate vc ( spoken ) son ve re gonna name you t.j. and | hope you grow up strong do you best and never back dow from a fl ght but one th no you can rest assure of , as sure as the ri sing SUN by bein born in america , you re already nuvber one '' kei th and RI cky | saild number one mr_ ch nese - man how doe that make you feel ? number one friend from mex ! 0o hope you re not plan N on stayin for real that flag be made for a reason pln red , fin vate , fin blue when you wake up as a aneri can , you re guaranteed cool kei th doby Cone on boy let 's make this speci al | ri cky number one beat the hell outta of number _ tvo , kt be the crap outta of number qi ves number four a wedg E and make number FI ve touch dog doo number SI X SW tches school DI stri cts cause he 's S terrorized by one , then one take a pclaro | D cf nuvber seven S vei ner and put it on the | nternet made number El ght and nine kiss in front of the whole CLASS at the pep rally . then take number ten qut | nto the wood and no one wll speak of what happened kei th and RI cky that flag be made for a reason pin red , fin vate , fin blue ( more ) 24 . kel th and a cky ( cont would ) when you wake up as a aneri can , you re guaranteed cool ! ! ! the crow ) go crazy as Rick and keith high five . int . the bar section of the no brake - later that ni ght music : '' tight fittin jeans '' by conway twitty every dri ver and crew member who 's anyone be there . the place be hopping . a fewcouple dance and everyone be party . ri cky ( yell over the din ) that be a hell of a show kkeith !! kei th doby thanks ricky !! | always love it when you cone by ! let do we sone part yi no ! ricky hey bartender ! gve not a fast bal ! wth atwst of lire ! hershell wat 's a fast ball ? kei th doby basically the bartender wnd up and throw the shot at you as hard as he can . the bartender take a shot glass and wnd up like a pitcher and throw the shot at Rocky who wait with he mouth open . the shot hit ricky splash booze all over he ri cky dam ! | almost have it ! gve be anot she ! ! Cal naughton push through the crowd towards ricky grab he by the collar . cal naughton JR . hey ricky , you pull another stunt like you do today and |’ mgonna bust up you face ! you hear not ?! ri cky you be right cal. |’ mreal sorry . bartender , give ny friend here a fastball . 20 . cal naughton wat 's a fastbal !? the bartender whip a shot glass at Cal naughton . the whole crew crack up . cal naughton ah !! that 's it ! you 's be go down ! Music : conway twtty song wnd down as a new song cone on : mle Davis 's kind of Blue . the whole bar cone to a stand still . ri cky wat 's 's goin 's on ? cal naughton JR wat be that ...? ri cky | hope |’ mwrong . | really do , but i’ mpretty sure that 's ... jazz . ricky stand up and throw a bottle at the j ukebox . a gentleman in a stylish , racing wndbreaker wth slack and sporty european racing shoe turn around . he be the driver fromthe cover of hgh octane Magazine . jean G rard ( french accent ) wy do you stop the mle Davis ? wss it not pleasant for you ? kei th doby no one play jazz at the no brake . no one . jean G rard then why be the song on the j uke box ? bartender ah shoot , |’ msorry , | think that be a mec Davis CD on there . ri cky wit a minute , | knowthis guy ! | see you on the cover of hgh qgctane ! this dude 's a formula one driver ! there 's a grunble of disbelief fromthe bar . 26 . jean G rard | amJean grard . and yes , | ama formula one driver . ri cky wy 's be you talk like that ? be there something wo wth you tongue ? hershell could be a cleft palette . jean G rard | think what you be hearing be ny accent . | be french . ri cky do you just say you be french ? the whole bar go grunbl es . jean G rard qui. ri cky ( after a beat ) huh ? waat 's go on ? be that a sound or word ? jean G rard it mean yes , | ama frenchman . ri cky wil then well cone to anerica ... ricky go to punch Jean who deftly block it , grab ricky by the wist , do a specific pressure hold and slam he head onto the bar wth armpin behind he back . all ina split second . jean G rard wy would you want to hit not because | be french ? ri cky ( face press against the bar ) let I go , you formula I j azz wei be do ! 2 /. jean G rard you fear wnat be different . unfortunately in this world that be not so uncommon . | will let you go , but before | do | want you to say , '' Il love crepe '' . kei th doby do not say it , ricky ! let he break you arm beat as ricky think . ri cky alright ! |’ have think about it and |’ have wei ghed all the option . | have decent insurance , a break arm be not so bad , plus ny pride and the respect of ny peer be important to I . so go ahead and break ny arm jean G rard msr. Bobby ... please , just say '' I love crepe . '' ri cky let I think about it again . ( half beat ) yep |’mreal secure wth ny deci sion . G ahead and do it . glenn maybe just say it ricky . kei th doby you know what ? the nore | be think about it , just say , '' l love crepe '' . bartender Hell ricky | have a whole ness of crepe this norn . they 's be j ust like pancake , maybe even better . ri cky aw man , be that that really thin pancake ...|’ have have that . they be good . but |’mstill not gonna say it !! it 's become a matter of pride ! jean G rard so you want not to break you arn ? because honest ly i’ d rather not . ( more ) 28 . jean G rard {cont d) wat if you just say '' I love really thin pancake . '' that be a fair compromse , non ? ri cky no ! everyone would know i! really mean crepe . now do it ! break ny arm break it you dirty coward ! jean G rard wy do you want not to break you arm so badl y ? ri cky this be about take a stand . but bei no french you woul dn 's t understand that . now break ... ny ... arm jean G rard | see no way out of this ... the gentleman tw sts and break ricky 's arm ri cky ahhbhh ! ! |! hs crew and fellow driver cone to he aid . ri cky | do not say it !! | do not say it !!! kei th doby you really should have . the bartender have a plate of crepe . bartender here , eat this ... it 's Il confort you . ri cky that 's 's good . wit be that ? bartender it 's a crepe . ri cky they be delicious ... 2g. jean G rard | amvery sorry . this encounter be not how ! want it to be . please let I call you a anbul ance - kei th doby hold it right there M. fancypant foreigner . ( he reveal a knife ) you 's be about to get murder . a circle of driver and crew nove in on the french gent ! eman . suddenly there be a gunshot fire and M. dennit step in wth a pearl - handle pistol . there be a man next to himina turtle neck wth a beard . mr . denn T |’ m gonna need all of you to step away fromny driver . ri cky wat 's d you mean '' ny driver ?! ! '' cal naughton gh this be too goood ! mr. denn T | tell you | want a point chanpi onship ricky . Jean 's here to get we one . | just sign hima you teanmate . ri cky M. dennit , wth all due respect and remenber , | amsay '' wth all due respect '' , that idea be hand di pped in shit . mr. denn T hey you do not talk to not like that ! you better get you head t oget she ricky . this go for break stuff do not play in the long haul , you hear ? you hear ! look at I vhen | talk too you ! ! ri cky |? mlookin 's right at you ! mr . denn T now i’ i| see you in richnond wth a serious attitude adj ust ment . 30 . the man wth the beard go to Jean . man in a turtleneck be you alright Jean ? jean G rard | amfine . everyone , this be ny husband gegory . there be a shocked beat . hershell ( whi sper to the bar t ender ) do he just say husband ? kei th doby sweet Lord . dennit hire a gay frenchman as you teanmate . ri cky ( daze by the i nf or mati on ) | do not ... understand ... thing ... that be ... happen ... he throw up and then faint dead away . CUT to . ext . ri chvond speedwy - FI ve day later we see the Richmond speedway pack wth people . Cars be do they qualifying run . ext . ri cky bobby S trailer - conti nuoqus ricky be drink a beer wth a cast on he armwhile he two kid j ump on a trampoline . there be a tv mute play the speed Channel in the background . carley be yell at ricky . carley so this be why you 's have be avoid I for the better part of a week ! ri cky i’ msorry darlin . carley all you have to do be say you like crepe ! they say you ask himto break you arm 31 . ri cky it be about pride . carley and now because of you pride you can not drive today . that 's less money for we . Hell that 's less money for I . recky |’ mhot . W ass have cause four traffic accident . | once make out wth pro golfer John Daly . | deserve a wnner ! and you can not wo wwth a break arm you ... you ... bunghol e! kid hear this bounce on the tranp . hank Mom say bunghol e! both KI DS daddy be a bunghole !... daddy be a bunghol e ! ! ri cky you kid shut up ! both kid start to cry while still jump on the tram . both KI DS aaaa ... daddy hit I !!! call the police !!! ricky Bobby abuse he child !!! ri cky | do no such thing !! look here 's a hundred dollar bill for each of you . stop say that . he hand one of thema hundred dollar bill as they bounce by . ri cky wait ! hold it down ! shhhh !!! ricky see something on the tv and un-mtes it . ext . formula one track - day W see a formula I race car pass other car on the tv . I nsi do nascar host ( V. .. ) and the big question in nascar this week be , who be Jean grard ? 32 . vw see footage of Jean celebrate wth a gold trophy and gi ving he husband a kiss . | nsi do nascar host ( V. .. ) many consider himthe best driver in the world and now he have cone to the States to put he reputation on the line . ri cky shhhh ! | wanna see this ! carley | be not say anything ! | nsi do nascar_host ( V. '' ) bear and raise in the french countryside Jean have live by one notto since he be a small child ... int . stylish live room - day Jean address camera in a intervi ew . jean G rard finish first be nothing . excellence be all that matter . ri cky ch ny God that be stupid . vé see Jean wth a horse by he stable . | nsi do nascar host ( V. '' ) Jean have win every major formula qe chanpi onship there be . but he still find time for the finer thing in life . and when he be not caring for he collection of thoroughbre horse , he be spend time wth he bel oved husband @egory . CUT to . ext . GREEN FI eld beh nd farvhouse - day Jean and gegory be toss a stick to a german shepherd . 33 . jean ( v.q ) @egory understand I . he be ny patience . he be ny wsdom he be ny | ove . I nsi do nascar host ( V. oq ) but gegory be no stay- at-hore spouse . Wen he be not at race wth Jean , he be busy as a world famous trainer of german shepherd . ext . backyard - day @egory be blow a wiistle and make hand signal to six german shepherd . they walk in elaborate pattern and one of themjunps over another . then he give a series of short burst on the whistle , we reveal that the dog have form a pyram die gregory mlou ! Constantine ! well do ! int . stylish live room - day it 's now gegory and Jean be interview . as Jean talk , g@egory rub he shoul der . jean gerrard gregory arerica be just another ( gently sing a french challenge for we . but we ul | aby ) believe that if you do sorething well and wth artistry , life , wll findit way . int . speed channel desk - day the two speed channel anchors be speechl ess . speed channel anchor #1 uh ... wow . speed channel anchor # 2 Boy ... that be alot to take in . unhh . . . the tv click off . 34 . int . ricky 's S trailer - conti nuqus carley ricky what be you worried about ? he may be slick and strikingly handsore but no one can match you pure speed . ricky you so right . sugar | love you so much , soretine | feel like I be gonna have a sei zure . a out -of-breath hershel ! come run up . hershel ricky , you gotta get over here . the frenchman 's about to break you track record . ext . pit row - mnute later ricky and hershel run over to Jean 's pit station as carley follow . M. dennit , lucius and Jean 's crew be assenble . W hear the crew chatter in french . a car wth a perrier | ogo across the hood go roaring by . luci US ( whi st | es ) wii kiss my ass on a Sunday . ri cky wat the hell 's go on ? Jean pull into pit row and he time go up on the board 232 nph . track ancr ( V. .. ) lady and gentlemen that be a new track record . as it stand now Jean grardis sit on the pole . Cal naughton walk by wth sone of he crew nenber . cal naughton hey ricky ? how do it feel to be number two on you own teanf ? ha ! hal ri cky shut up Cal ! 35 . mr . denn T put a smile on you face ricky . that 's you teammate . you should be happy . ri cky qh yeah , |’ mjust thrilled M. dennit . | love see sone french dude break ny track record wile | get my armwrap up like a freakin pinata ! hey , if you really want to put a smile on ny face wy do not you hose nme dow wth piss and shoot not in the eye wtha wist rocket !! then this wll be the great day ever ! ricky knock over a entire tool drawer . luci US ricky cal m dow . ri cky you cal m dow !!! carley you 's be handle this perfectly ri cky . Jean approach themas he be congratul ated by the crew . jean merci...merci ... hello ricky Bobby . | amso sorry about the inci dent wth you arm | would be honore if you would let I sign you cast . ri cky ( under he breath ) wy do not you sign ny ball . carley God one ricky . jean do you just ask if | would sign you ball ? ri cky |_said_ nothing ! 36 . mr . denn T Son , that be tear ass drive . wi ! do . ri cky ( to he crew ah hell ! get ny car off the trailer ! carley that 's ny baby . luci US wat ? ri cky | wanna drive . m arm fine . now get it off the trailer ! get it off ! luci US stop yell at be man ! carley you keep it up , ricky . this be great behavior . mr . denn T now ricky , let 's not be silly . there 's no nore qualifying tine leave . just wait until the next race . ri cky then |’ muse a exemption ! tel ! ' eml 's mrace tonvrrow . |’ mthe fastest ! not johnny snail eater over here ! m! carley you be a fine man ricky Bobby . you be act |ike a wnner . hershel you hear the man boy ! look like we’ be work after all ! hs crewjunp to life as ricky stare at Jean . jean | look forward to racing agai not you M. Bobby . 3 . int . ricky S trailer - that N ght ricky sit in a chair , methodically sawng off he cast . qgccasi onall y he get too close to he armand wince in pain . ext . ri chvond speedway - the next day the car be make they way onto the track . the stand be pack . jet plane fly overhead . m ke joy ( v.q ) vé have quite a field here today for the chevy rock and poll 400 . but the big story be ricky Bobby , despite a break arm claim a exemption at the last minute . | repeat : ricky Bobby will race . ext . pit row -- conti nuous ricky 's car be in pit row W see carley be put a gi ant fig newon sticker across the front of ricky 's windshield . ri cky baby , what 's be you doi no ? carley | make a deal wth fig newon . they 's be pay we seven hundred thousand dollar to put this on you wi ndshi el d . Susan walk over to ricky . susan here 's the aspirin you want M. Bobby . what 's on you wi ndshi el d? ri cky it 's a giant fig newon sticker . susan be not that dangerous ? 38 . carley listen sweetheart , | know you be not the prettiest flower in the garden and you make up for it by act all concerned and nice but |’ mreally gonna need you to shut you mouth . ckay sugar ? ri cky 's | ook in through the car . ri cky it 's actually fine ! | can see if | hunch down . i| '! i! be okay Susan . carley '' i’ IL be okay Susan ! '' why do not you two just get it on right here and right now ! ri cky aw , |’ msorry baby . ( then to Susan ) Susan , carley 's right . wien you be worried that | might hurt nysel f?... you shoul d not have be . Susan be piss and hurt and walk away . ri cky Susan - ! carley Cone here ny baby ... you 's be gonna wo today ... carley kiss ricky and he wnce in pain fromhis arm ri cky ahhh ! it 's alright . it 's still get a little touch of brokeness to it . mr . denn T ( to luci we ) wii he be alright ? luci US nope . but | never think he 's gonna be alright . that boy 's get afire stormraging in he heart . W hear a crackle of lightning in the sky . genn , while secure a tire , look up at the cl oud . 3y . glenn be it I or do that lightning cont ain a sense of forbodi no ? ext . speedway - m nute later all of the car have begin they pre-lap . finally the green flag wave and the car cone right towards canera and we crane over themas they pass we by wth a shock wave of sound . luci US here we go . ricky Bobby be ducking down to see under the product sticker on he wi ndshi el d . ri cky hey eye in the sky , tell I what 's go on ? ext . spotter S stand - oonti nuoqus W see he spotter up above the race track wth binocular . spotter you 's have get two car on you right rear a length back . ricky ( v.q. ) no , | need to know what 's go on in front of I . | can not see a dam thing . darryl waltrip ( v.q ) ricky Bobby have a sponsor sticker directly on he wnd shield . man that be dangerous . it 's only a matter of time before he get bl ack fl agge . int . jean G rard S car - conti nuous Jean be drive in first place . he take a sip froma flute of chanpagne . jean G rard ahhh , life ... 40 . ext . the stand - conti nuqus two fan in ricky Bobby shirt be drink beer . hardcore fan @ ricky ! send that french guy and he husband back to europel and ! southern fan say what you want about that foreigner , but he can drive . ext . racetrack - conti nuous ricky tap a car and pass it by aninch . he 's now behind grard . ricky wi ! hello frenchie ... ricky be try desperate to pass grard . m ke joy ( v.q ) wii you look at that Jean grard drive ! ricky Bobby can not pass he luci US ( V. 0 ) ricky this guy get skill . he 's not gi ving you the inside . Lay back and wait for you chance . ri cky | can beat he !! ricky bunp into the back of grard and try to pass on the inside but grard box himout . W see a black flag wave but ricky ignore it . m ke joy ( v.q ) ricky Bobby have j ust be bl ack flagge by nascar for the sticker on he wnd shield . that mean a mandatory pit stop ... but heis ignore it ! darryl waltrip ( v.q ) he 's get won fever bad . boogity boggity , this could get hairy . 41 . ext . race track - conti nuqus ricky be right on Jean 's tail . luci US ricky ! quit go for the inside ! it 's not there ! take the out si de ! ri cky the outside mean second place ... and if you aint first , you be last luci we ! ( wncing in pain fromhis arm argh ! ricky try to cut the wheel to get around Jean , wnce in pain fromthe break armand then | ose control of the car skid off of the wall , and get hit from behind . then ricky 's car catch air and go completely air bear . ri cky uh - oh . ext . pit row - conti nuqus luci US dam . mvr_ denn T aw hell . glenn peaches and cgream ! hank and wlli ams JR cool !!! int . ricky S car - conti nuous the car fly over the wall , roll over three time and hit a concrete barricade explode into a huge bal ! of fl ane . I mredi ately a safety truck and crewis on the scene wth fire extinguishers . they pull ricky clear and spray he ri cky ahhhh ! !!! rescue worker it 's alright ! we get you ! 42. m ke joy ( v.q ) that be one of the nastiest wreck you be ever go to see ... it appear ricky Bobby be okay but I be not sure ... ricky still think he 's on fire . he rip off he helmet and roll around scream in a high pitch voice . ri cky ahhhh !!! |’ mon fire !!! help !!! rescue worker you be clear ! there be no fire !! ri cky aeeee !!!! |’ mon fire !!! ahhhhh !!! |’ mso afraid !!! | do not want to die !!! m ke joy ( v.q ) ricky Bobby apparently be ina pani ck state and think that he be on fire ... ricky be run around like a crazy man while rescue wirker yell to he rescue worker you be not on FI re mr bobby !!! ! ri cky ahhhhhhhh ! !!! 1 do not wanna burn !!! |’ m so dam afraid !!! help be Jesus !! help not Allah and the Jew sh God !! help be ant hony Robbi ns ! ! ! finally some rescue worker run in and tackle ricky . ext . race track -- ten mnute later vé see a anbul ance pull out of the racetrack . darryl waltrip ( v.q ) there be good day in racing and there be bad day . ricky Bobby just have himself a bad one . the anbul ance tear off siren scream . 43. larry moreyold ( V. .. ) meanwhile we be back to race action ... Jean grard win ! DI ssolve to . int . hospital room - that ni ght from ricky 's hazy semi - consci ous Pov with see a doctor 44 , talk to carley and luci we . doctor he 's suffer fromcatatonic shock . hs injury be minor but right now he can not deal wth the trauma of the weck ... carley ve 's have deci ded to have he creat ed ... doctor ma 'am you husband 's not die . if you can j ust --- ricky 's 's Pov fade to black ... hazy DI ssolve to . int . hosp ] tal room - the next day quce again fromf aicky 's hazy Pov of lucius sit by he bedsi de read to he luci US .| stand in front of the nirror and wonder why | be get so lunpy and wy this stupid training bra be so unconfortable . so | say out loud , '' be you there God ? it 's I Margaret . '' vw fade to black again ... hazy DI ssolve to . 44 , | not hospi tal room - ni ght ricky 's very hazy Pov of carley lean over he carley that 's it ricky ... you just sign here and everything 'o ! be fine ... man S vol ce hey the movie start in a half - hour , just get himto signit . fade to black ... hazy DI ssolve to . int . hospital room - day ricky 's hazy Pov of the enpty roomand only the sound of the heart monitor flat lining . after a second , a crash unit core into the roomle by a panicked resident , 25 . res dent let 's go ! 20 ccs of adrenaline stat ... ricky turn to he right and hank and wiliam Jr be play wth the heart monitor . wlli ams JR . you be right hank ! every time we make it go beep , people runin here ! hank look how scared the wussy Doctor be ! res ! dent | want this kid out of here - vw fade to black again ... hazy DI ssolve to . int . nurse 's S stati on - the next day two nurse chat by the nurse 's station . 45 . nurse # 1 | just tell he you choose bet ween the surround sound or I . and then he throw be out ... ricky Bobby in he hospital gow wth a sling and tube hang off of he walk into the hallway | ook like hell . ricky Excuse I . do you all knowif I be dead ? Cause if | be ! have sure love to meet Bruce Lee . he collapse on the ground as the nurse run to he CUT to . int . lucius 's pick - up truck - the next day lucius and M. dennit pull into the Hospital parking | to . int . hospital gymnasi um - ten m nute later ricky be in a wheelchair play basketball wth five other guy in wheelchair . lucius and M. dennit walk up wth ricky 's Doctor . luci US so give it to I straight Doc , be he ever go to be able to walk agai n ? doctor wat ? gh. |’ msorry . | think someone have tell you . he 's fine . he find that wheel chair in the hallway . hs paralysis be entirely psychosomatic . but it 's important that we all go along wth this . he 's in a delicate state . ricky be play really aggressively . he slam he chair into another guy 's chair and rip the ball away fromhim ri cky you snooze you | ose ! ! ricky fall over in he wheelchair . he craw back to it on all four . gearly he can walk . 46 . player # 1 hey ! you j ust use you | egs !! player # 2 this guy 's a fake ! ! a player whip the ball at he ri cky ( ricky see dennit and luci we ) | gotta go ny fellowcripple . | get visitor . ricky wheel over to lucius and M. dennit . int . visitor S room - FI ve m nute later ricky , lucius and M. dennit sit in the visitor 's roomwtha tv pl aying in the backgr ound . luci US so how 's the physical therapy go ri cky ? ri cky | give that up . |’ mthrough | ying to myself . |’ have decide to face fact . | just buy nyself a hundred thousand dollar handi cap accessible van . |’ mhave ranp and a stair elevator put in the house . | even tell carley , if she need to find confort wth another man , she can ... luci US M. dennit , we gotta tell he mr . denn T alright . ricky , the Doctor tell we to let you work this out in you own time but ... you can walk ricky . ri cky what do you just say ? luci US he 's tell the truth ricky . it 's all in you head . 4 /. ri cky you sick son of bitch . you cone in here walk on two leg all fat and cocky and tell nme it 's in ny head . you wanna know what 's in ny head ? wiat 's in ny head be know no that I ’i1 never be able to feel the pl easure of a woman !! qo that I | 'ly never do a wnd nill slam dunk agai n! mr. denn T | do not know you could dunk a basket bal | . ri cky dann you !! | curse you insensitivity ! | hope you both have son who grow up to be star athlete only to have they | egs take away fromthem I pray you know that pain and hurt !! luci US you stop wshing that evil on not ricky ! you 's be not paral yzed ! ri cky you wanna see what ny life be ? he grab a steak knife froma nearby lunch tray . ri cky you wanna see what | a ? mr . denn T ricky do not do that ! ! ricky stab he |eg wth the knife . | mredi ately he j ump out of the chair scream in pain , run around the room ri cky ahhahhhfhh hee tt ext . hosp ! tal garden - ten m nute later ricky , M. dennit and lucius walk through the carden . ri cky so anyway , |’msorry and ! do not hope you boy | ose they | egs . ( and t hen ) ( more ) 48 . RI cky ( cont would ) . so what 's 's be go on since |’ have be go ? mr . denn T ricky you should relax and forget about racing for alittle while . just get better , alright son ? he pat himon the back and walk off . ri cky luci we what the hell be go on ? luci US frenchie can drive . you see how you coul d not pass himin Richmond . ri cky that be just because of ny arm | can beat anyone . ( then less secure ) so how good be he doi no ? luci we motion to a fanily walk through the garden . the dad and two son all wear Jean grard shirt . ri cky qh man ... CUT to . ext . race track - day music : comve mo by edith pi aff montage : | mage of jean S success : 1 ) Jean finish three race first in quick succession wth checker flag fl ying 2 ) Shots of Jean inside he car read a short story or finish a impressionist painting on a small canvas 3 ) the cover of gq wth Jean | ook stylish and the headline '' the french revol ution '' 4 ) a concession stand at a race track wth hot dog 2.50 , hanburgers 3.50 '' post . the vender put up a handwitten sign '' escargot 4.50 '' 5 ) Jean wn a race and do burn out in the in field . Wen he 's do we see he 's spell ed '' | Love you gegory '' in perfect cursive in the grass . 6 ) W see he name nunber one in the point standing in a espn News graphic . q the | ower third craw we see a story flash by : '' ricky bobby , to dave again . wll test dri ve in charlotte for the PRESS '' 4g . music : qut smash CUT to : ext . test track - a week later - day vw see 30 Reporters in the stand of atest track . M. dennit , carley , Susan and lucius all stand by the side of the track . ricky be in he car wiile genn and hershell give it a final once over . mr . denn T do you think he 's ready for this ? carley he have better be . it 's just a stupid test run . Susan , why do not you do sonet hing useful and go get nea cof for ee ? susan yes Ms. Bobby . luci US how you feel ricky ? ricky give a thunbs up . ri cky the Big Dog 's ready to runy ’all . hershell gve himhell ricky !! ricky pull out and accelerate out onto the track . music : tri unphant return ri cky | miss you mara speed !!! woo ! ! ricky Bobby be back !!! mr . denn T how fast be he go ? luci US ( check he stop watch ) twent y- six mile per hour . music : out 90 . ri cky q , i’ mgo take she high into the bank ! this could get alittle hairy ! tell I if |’ mmake you too nervous , y’all !! vé see ricky actually slow dow go into the bank turn . luci ous ricky you actually slowed dow ! Son you be in danger of stalling the engi not ! | ri cky now I be gonna open it up . see what this baby 's really get . the engi not accelerate ever so slightly . ricky pul ! RI cky ( cont D ) wooo !!! be be ! at ? 180 ? 200 ? luci US ( into he head set ) ricky , you just crack thirty - five . ri cky this be exhillarate !! i’ m go to bring it in ! i| ’mafraid the engine might bl ow luci US ricky you be average 26 nile per hour ! that 's about the top run speed of a cow . 's into the pit . RI cky ( breathe really hard ) woo...man ... that be fast ... so fast ... |’ mnot on fire am1 ? so fast ... so fast ... W see that the Reporters be clear out . Susan core back wth a tray of coffee . susan wat happen ? 91 . carley that half aman lose he nerve ! he 's do ! fi no shed ! she knock the coffee out of Susan 's hand . carley be 's s_ny coffee ?! vw see hershell and genn help ricky away fromthe car . music : it be Al most like a song by ponnie MI sap luci US so that 's it ... Jesus , | think I be gonna cry . glenn tear be not something to be fear luci we . they 's be a heal balm luci US man , you be one creepy little dude . int . ricky S trailer - a hour later ricky be in a T-shirt and sweat pants . he 's drink tea wth M. dennit seat across fromhim it 's over . ri cky that car go fast do not they ? | do not rerenber they goi no that fast ... mr . denn T ricky you need a break . along break . vé 's have make the decision to deactivate the 28 car for awhile . ri cky yeah ... that 's probably a good i dea . just for a few week or maybe a few year ... just till the car slow down , right M. dennit ? mr denn T that 's right ricky ... just till the car sl ow dow ... 92 . ext . ricky S hove - later that ni cht ricky get out of he four by four and head towards the front door . music : the sad ronnie misap song swell up again . int . ricky S hove - that ni ght ricky walk into he live roomin he street clothes wth he duffle bag . hs wfe carley , two son and he father - in - law be in the live room they be eat dinner on tv trays in front of the tv , | aughing and talk . wien ricky walk in they stop , chip turn off the tv . ri cky hey everyone ... awkward beat as everyone continue to stare at he ri cky véll be not anyone gonna say anyt hing to I ? JOHN daly cone out of the kitchen in ricky 's robe , hold a big platter of pork chop . JOHN daly wo 's ready for nore pork chop ? gh hey ricky . ri cky wat the hell be John Daly do in my house ? wearin 's ny robe ? eatin 's my por kchop ? JOHN daly |’ malso wearin’ you under wear . carley baby you and | both know this have be over for along tine . ri cky no | honestly do not ! carley hold up a thick docunent . carley you sign this contract wllingly while you be in a coma . ( more 93 . . carley ( cont ' d) it give I all asset and a uncont est di vorce whenever | ww sh. ri cky W ' be di vor ced ? wlli ams JR yay ! two chri st mas 's s! ri cky so that 's it . ( heavy si gh ) alright then . what about the boy ? carley | think we should let they deci de who they go wth . they rich Mom who 's dating a pro golfer or they gun shy , bankrupt daddy . hank and wiliamn Jr look at carley and ricky . hank daddy , can we eat cake icing for breakfast and can we run the | awn mower over a phone book ? ri cky | guess so . wlli ams JR ve 's Il go wth daddy . CUT to . ext . hi ghway - a hour later Long shot of ricky 's suv as it drive down the rainy hi ghway . ricky drive very slowy and tentatively wth he hazard on . Cars pass himlike crazy . DI ssolve to . ext . ricky S boyhood hove - morning music : ronnie misap song fade out . ricky , wth two piece of | uggage and the boy in tow knock on a door . Lucy , ricky 's Mom open the door . 94 . lucy bobby ricky ? be everything alright ? hank you better have ti vo. wlli ams JR you | ook old granny . ri cky Mom ( pain half beat ) | get nowhere to go ... CUT to . int . speed week studio - day the anchor of speed wek be in the middle of a show . speed week anchor # 1 wil all of the talk lately in nascar be about the emergence of Jean grard , as the circuit 's best driver . speed week anchor # 2 it certainly be Pete . Jean have win four of he last five race ... ext . victory lane - day Jean be hold up a gold trophy while the crowd cheer he speed week anchor # 1 ( v.o. ) ... and be even bring a new kind of fan to nascar . vwé see a preppy couple in the stand eat wne and cheese . the husband snoke a pipe and the wfe have a sweater tie around she neck . preppy W fe @ wde f’in open 53 car ! the hardcore fan fromearlier give thema Bud . he also have a sweater tie around he neck . 9d . hardcore fan hey Dr. nathansen , how bout this race ? cest tre bien , non ? qelle voiture ! incroi - abl e! speed week anchor # 2 but the reaction of Jean 's fellow driver have not be so warm ext . garage - day Cal naughton Jr be bei no i ntervi ewed . cal naughton JR . no | would not say the situation have get ugly . vwé just want this piece of ( beep ) frenchie to go back to he ( beep ) - hole country . | ntervi ever Boy Cal , that sure sound ugly . cal naughton JR . wil that 's cause you 's be quote not out of context . | ntervi ever you 's be on carnera cal. |’ mnot quote you . say what you want . int . speed week studi o speed week anchor # 1 véll anyway you slice it , it 's clear that Jean grard be the man right now . and unless there 's a driver out there who can beat he he reign could last for quite awhi | e . ext . STREET |n hs hove tow - later that day ricky be drive nervously wth a stack of pizza on he passenger side seat and a domino sign on top of he car . as he try to read a address he clip a park car , rip the fender off . ri cky ah , hunp not ! of 6 . immediately we see flash red light of a police car behind he racky pull over . the officer wite hima ticket . ext . super market parking lot - day ricky be back out of he spot in front of the pizza place . he back into a shopping cart be push by a housewfe , send it fly out of frame . housew fe ch ny God ! aaah ! ext . super market parki no lot - the offi cer from before finish give ricky a ticket . offi cer this be you second viol ationin two hour . be you alright ? ri cky no sir , | ’mnot . but | promise it will not happen again . ricky then back into the police officer knock himinto the air . offi cer Son you might want to hand over that license . ricky hand himhis license in slo m™. int . bus - N ght ricky step onto bus hold three large pizza , put token into the counter and take a seat . no one really | ook at he except for one passenger . ri cky ( to passenger ) | lose my license . |’ mdeliver pi zzas . passenger | do not really care . CUT to. of . ext . lucy S home - two hour later ricky core riding up to he house on a kid 's bm bike wtha pizza on the back . there 's a lino park in front of the house . Cal naughton Jr. get out . cal naughton JR . | never think |’d live to see this day , ricky Bobby on a bicycle . ri cky hey Cal , what the hell you do here ? cal naughton JR . look ricky |’ mgo to make this short , you and | never |ike each other . and | guess you know by now that I and carley fool around many a night . ri cky no Cal , | do not know that . cal naughton JR . ( he voice get high pi t ched ) véll , it 's good you do not knowit because | just make it up . it 's a lie , afunlie . | like to tell fun lie so that we can have a | augh . ri cky wy be you voice gettin’ all high ? cal naughton JR . ( back to normal ) here 's the deal ricky : that french bastard be ruin we sport . you get back on the track and together we can take he out . ri cky |’ mdone Cal . | do not drive no nore . Hell , | do not even have a license . ricky start to walk awgy . cal naughton JR . | knewit ricky ! you be a coward ! a stone cold coward ! more ) 98 . cal naughton jr. ( cont ' d) you 's be a disgrace to every driver on the circuit ! Cal spit on the ground . ricky sheepi shl y walk back to the house ... a break man . naught on , | ook piss off , make he way back to the lino only to see the limo driver , in the middle of the street uri nate . cal naughton JR . hey man , what be you doi no ?! li mo dri ver i| ’msorry sir , | think you would be | onger . int . house - conti nuoqus Lucy be watch the exchange bet ween ricky and Cal through the front with ndow . DI ssolve to . ext . motel - the next day ricky ring the bell on a dingy - | ook notel room after a beat a older man , 61 , with a scraggly beard in he boxer open the door . he 's sip froma | ong neck . ri cky that 's !! be eleven ninety three . qlder man hold on . let I find ny dam wallet . core on in . the man | ook through the mess of he roomwhile ricky still stand at the door . qlder man ( cont 's D ) either close the door or cone in ! | get weed in here cowoy ! ricky step in and close the door . qlder man ( cont 's D ) ( while | ook for he wal | et ) you do not actually take a bus here to deliver this pizza , do you cowboy ? oy . ri cky sure do . that 's !! be el even - no net y- three . qlder man | always think areal nascar driver would rather die than ride a bus . ri cky wil |’ mretire . qlder man funny . | hear you be re-pussi ed . you 's be not do too good be you cowboy ? ri cky hey stop call I cowboy ! ricky see that he 's get three uneaten pizza on the table . ri cky you know you get three uneaten pizza just sittin’ here . qlder man vell |’ have be call all day try to get you . they keep send other delivery peopl e . ri cky tryin 's to get I ? wy ? qlder man Cause |’ myour daddy . that 's why . he continue to | ook for he wallet . ri cky what 's d you say ? qlder man | say |’ myour daddy . |’ m reese Bobby sr. I and you mmdid it in a rustler steakhouse bat hroom and then you show up . do that make sense cowooy ? ricky step right at himand punch himin the jaw he fall back into a bureau . 6u . qlder man ( cont 's D ) qxkay . so be we straight now ? ri cky you stay the hell away fromne you hear ? | do not know whoo the hel ! you be or what you want but | be not get nothing leave to take ! ricky leave as he Father yell after he qlder man hey son ! do this go good ? |’ have never do anything like this so | have no frame of reference . int . lucy S KI tchen - later that N ght ricky and Lucy be in the kitchen . ricky be emotional and furi ous . ri cky | can not believe it !! this be the last thing | need now how could he have find not ! !? a dog begin to bark in the distance . lucy bobby | call he ri cky wat ?! why would you do that mara ? lucy | know he 's a son of a bitch . but ricky , you need help . you deli ver pizza on a bus . you be better than this and if there 's one thing that selfish bastard know , it 's dri vi no . hank and wilian Jr enter wping sleep out of they eye . hank hey ! shut up in here ! wlli ams JR qe of you turd be gonna get smack in the mouth ! 61 . ri cky hey ! i’ myour dad ! stop yell at I ! you 's be seven year old ! there be a light knock at the back door . it be ricky 's dad now in a menber 's qily j acket and white T-shirt . reese bobby hey Lucy . lucy do not talk to I . this be bet ween you two . reese bobby look son , | see what happen to you on the television . you see the fear . it happen to all of we . ri cky get the hell out of ny hore . lucy it 's my house ... the gd man next door lean out he window and yell . elderly nei ghbor ( oc . ) you people shut the hell up ! | get a wfein a oxygen tent try to sl eep ! hank @ shave you ball you dusty old fart !!! more dog begin to bark in the nei ghbor hood . reese bobby you wanna race again . just adnit it . ricky Bobby be silent .... but the dog keep bark . reese bobby you get unfinish busi ness . ricky JR no | do not ! | get a trophy that say | win the daytona 500 . they can not never take that away fromne ! 62. reese bobby so where be it ? ri cky carley take it away fromne ! lucy he 's the Devil ricky but he can drive . ( and t hen ) shut that darm dog up ! ! reese bobby look , ricky ... I ’mfifty - nine year old and all | get to my nameisa car and a duffle bag full of under wear and sweet , stinky weed . | need this . | screw up raise you as a boy , let I at least help you as a man . everyone go silent , even the dog , as they wait for ricky 's response . reese bobby ( cont 's D ) please .... let I help you . hank do it dad . get you ball back . G fast again . ri cky be you boy sure ? wlli ams JR sure as atrip to the top of shit mount be n . ri cky Fine . but | be not gonna call you dad . reese bobby wat be you go to call I ? ext . deserted STREET - saturday morn no ricky and he dad stand face he dad 's muscle car . ri cky alright Di ckweed , so what 's the pl a ? 63. reese bobby now basi call y wnat happen to you be that you sawthe fear . and before you even think of do any real drive you gotta make friend wth the fear . so get in the car . ricky punch he dad in the j aw . reese bobby wat the hell be that ? ri cky | get alot of unresolved anger towards you . so that might j ust happen soneti re . ricky get in the car . he hear aterrible grow and turn around to see a cougar in the back seat . | meki at el y ri cky jump out of the car and slam the door . ri cky wat the hell !! ahhh !!! there 's a goddam cougar in the car !!! reese bobby | know there 's a cougar in the car ! | put it in there ! you gotta learn to drive wth the fear . and there be nothing more God dam frightening than drive wtha live cougar in the car . ri cky that 's just stupid ! | could 's have be kill . be have you get that thing ? reese bobby | trap it . be keep it in ny bathroom at the mtel . feedin it old pizza . now you get back in that car ! you hear not ! ri cky i’ mnot gettin’ in that car !! reese bobby listen to I ! if you be calmthat wondrous big cat , wl ! be calm but if you be scared , that beautiful death machine wll do what God make it to do . namely , eat youwtha smile on its face ! 64 . beat as ricky mull this over . he take a couple really deep br eat hs . ri cky so it really will not hurt not if I be calm ? ( kay , okay .... here go . | a !! here | go ... ah ! ricky open the door and inmedi ately the cougar | eap on top of he knock himto the ground , maul he ri cky awa ! he 's 's on I !!! he 's gonna eat be ! ! reese bobby rel ax son !! Control you heart ratel ! CUT to . int . lucy S live room - later that day Lucy be wash dish . ricky enter | ook like hell . lucy hey ricky . so howd it go ? ri cky he 's a crazy dirtbag and |’ mpretty sure |’ mwast ny time . be be the boy ? lucy they 's be at Bible study at my chur ch . vw see hank and wiliam Jr go run by across the back yard . hank Devil Dick !!! Devil Dick !!! wlli ams JR good one hank !!! | gotta remenber to call granny that ! lucy wat in tarnati on ? 6d . Lucy fly out the door . the two boy have get a hold of Lucy 's 's garden hose and be spraying it through the nei ghbor 's open wndow . W hear the scream of a elderly man , inside the house . elderly man wat the hell !!?? ahhh !! God that water 's cold !!! wlli ams JR enj oy you shower , you old crab appl e! hank | hope you catch pneunoni a and die !! lucy that 's it ! that be it ! Lucy turn the hose off . qhab the child by they hair . ricky j og over . ri cky now mane - lucy no ricky ! no ! | wll not have ny grandchi | dren behave like filthy raccoon ! fromnow on you child wll obey the rule . and if you do not obey the rule , you wll pay the price ! under st ood ? hank sorry @anny , you be shit out of luck . wlli ams JR vé do what we want . lightn fast , both of they face get sl apped . hank ( beat of awe ) you 's be go to break we like a will horse , be not you ? ext . little DI rt oval track - the next day ricky and he dad be stand by ricky 's car on a dirt oval track . 66 . reese bobby so all | want you to do today be to go around this track once . ricky get into the car . ricky alright . how fast ? reese bobby not fast . slow . Real slow . | want you to literally take all day to do one | ap . ri cky wat ? reese bobby | want you to go as slow as you can . like you be make | ove to reba macintyre and you wanna savor it . ri cky how 's this gonna help not get over the fear ? reese bobby this be not about fear , this be about teach you that the pedal to the netal be not all thereis . ricky pull away as slow as he can . ri cky like this ? reese bobby sl ower ! you should know every inch of reba by the tire you be do . wth everything good in life you gotta go slow before you can go ast . music cue : sultry reba macintyre song . time lapse : the sun go up and then start tofall . W see ricky craw around the track at a snail 's pace . it 's dark as ricky cross the finish line . he get out and coll apse . 6 /. reese bobby you do good today ricky . CUT to . ext . side of the h ghwy - day hank and wiliamn Jr. be wear orange mesh vest while clean up trash off the side of the highway . Lucy wait in she car . wlli ams JR how nuch nore of this qanny ? lucy | do not know . how many nore tine be you go to give the finger to a marine ? ext . resi denti al STREET - day ricky be behind the wreel wth a blindfold on . hs dad be next to himin the passenger seat . ri cky this be crazy . | can not see . reese bobby do not you get it ? you drive wth you heart not you eye . now feel the road . let it live inside you . can you feel it ? ricky inhale deepl y . ri cky | think | can ... reese bobby now drive ... ricky put the car into drive and proceed to weck into every park car and tear across every | awn on the street . it end wth the car crash into someone 's 's house . reese bobby this be a bad idea . you definitely drive wth you eye . ri cky | really think | could feel it . 68 . int . lucy S bedroom - that N ght Lucy be read to hank and wlliam Jr. they be ask she question . W see she be read they faul kner 's the bear . wlli ams JR but do not the bear symbolize the old south and the new dog , the encroach North ? hank duh ! but the question be , should the reader feel relief or sadness at the pass of the old south ? lucy bobby how about bot h? hank ( get it ) ahh !... | get it , moral anbi guity ! the hall mark of all early twentieth century american fiction ! ext . lucy S backyard - the next day ricky be asleep in a hammock . suddenly a bucket of water be throw onto ricky 's face . he awake wth a start to find he dad wth a beer in hand stand over he ri cky ah ! reese bobby be have stock car racing cone fron ? ri cky wat ? hs dad throw another bucket of water on he ri cky wat the hell man ?! ricky S dad how d stock car racing get its start ? 6y . ri cky the rumrunner during prohi bi it on ! they 's d have to have car fast enough to outrun the fed . and then they start racing each other . reese bobby that 's 's right . hs dad throw another bucket of water on he ri cky ah ! if | be right why would you throw another bucket on not . reese bobby Cause | fill up three . now there 's nothing like drive to avoid jail . nothing hone you instinct and nind like necessity . vw hear siren in the distance . reese bobby so | tape a kilo of cocaine underneath you car and call the boy in blue . the way | figure it you get two ninute before they show up and you do five to ten . yest er day we go slow . today we go ast . ricky fly out of the hammock and into the front yard where he car be sit . it 's already run . ri cky you sick crazy old - vw can see the cop car dom the street . ricky have no choice . he jump in the car and tear off . reese watch as ricky drive off . hank and wiliam Jr cone up to he hank gandpa , would you like to take we fishing and tell we life lesson and storey of you childhood ? reese bobby | get another idea , why do not you boy go dig a hole and |’i ! have a beer . 10 . ext . hi ghmwy - th rty second later ricky be tear ass onto the freeway wth three cop car behind he he be drive very fast and very skillfully to get away . ri cky Son of a bitch . Son of a bitch . Son of a bitch . ricky |ook dom at the speedometer to see he 's go 160 nph . ri cky 160 ?... whooo !!! whooo ! ! he hit a uturn inthe middle of the freeway and turn off a exit lose the cop completely . he 's really drive again . ext . oountry road - FI ve m nute later vé see a hand reach under the car . it find soret hing . ri cky | get cha . ext . country road - conti nuous ricky unwap the package to reveal a bag of lucky charn cereal , wth anoteinit . it read , '' feel good ging fast , doesn T 1t ? by the wy , don T try and snort these lucky ri cky qkay ... music : Steve earle 's '' I feel alright now 's kick in . ext . res ! denti al STREET - day ricky be drive he dad 's car wth the live cougar seat next to he ricky |ook confident and at ease , so do the cougar . ext . back yard - day Lucy have hank and wiliam Jr do tai chi. fi. ext . resi denti al STREET - day ricky drive by a kid sit on the curb . he stop and when he pull away the kid now have ricky 's bm bike . int . church - day hank and wlilian Jr be in a large choir sing perfectly wth angelic | ook on they face while Lucy watch on . ext . dw office - morn no vw see a sign that say Department of motor vehicle wtha wiite line and a start point for the driver test . no car be there . then after a beat we hear screeching tire and ricky bl ow into frame do a sideways turn into a screaning st op . ri cky there 's you mother flippin’ drive test . vw see a terrified officer next to reky in the car wtha clip board . terri fl ed offi cer M. Bobby ... you be magnificent . the cougar pop up fromthe back and grow . terri fl ed offi cer ah ! RI cky down Karen ! Dow ! int . driver S li cense photo flat - FI ve mnute later there 's a quick flash of ricky get he picture take . he give a wink . music : out ext . resi denti al STREET - ten m nute later ricky and reese be drive hone . for 2. reese bobby | think we need to cel ebrate . heck . let 's go all out for once . smash CUT to : int . applebee 's S restaurant - that ni ght Goose up of a waitress step into frame . WA tress hello and well core to appl ebee 's s! W see Lucy , Susan , ricky , hank , wliliam Jr. and reese Bobby sit at a table . WA tress m nane be dolly and !’!! be you server tonight . hank hello mi ' be wlli am6 JR you | ook lovely this evening . dolly wy thank you . the table chuckl es pl easant ! y. ri cky dolly , tonight be a special night for the Bobby fanily . WA tress véll do not you worry . I will take care of you . close ups of food bei no put in front of the famly - twenty m nute later all mnm ..that | ook great ...fantastic ... thank you appl ebee 's s! ricky bow he head to say grace . 13. ri cky dear Lord baby Jesus , in you swaddle clothes , | aying in you ghost manger ... we have so nuch to be thankful for . first off , my boy no longer act like retarded gang banger , and also | have ny ball back behind the wheel of a car . and now maybe | can wo again and get back my wfe carley , who 's warm bosom ! still ache for deep wthin ny |ower half . but most of all we thank you for bring ny nasty delinquent , pot-deal father back to we . for he be lose , but now he be find . aren . lucy that be beautiful . except for the part about carley , which be i nappr opri eat . hank wat a lovely real . wlli ams JR it certainly do | ook deli ci ous . ri cky wi ! |’ Il be damme if this be not just about a perfect night . waitress pop by again . WA tress how 's every one over here ? reese bobby | hate to be a pain darlin’ , but | ask for no onion on ny steak sandw ch . WA tress i’ msorry , | must not have - reese bobby qkay ... maybe do not interrupt I - WA tress |’ msorry | do not mean to - 14 , reese bobby yeah , well | think you do mean to and | also think you mean to put the goddam oni on on ny sandw ch ! Cause | think you be a nasty , nasty , little bitch !!! ri cky dad , what 's 's go on - wlli ams JR gandfather , can not we resolve this conflict wthout anger ? WA tress ( al most in tear ) let I just get you a new sandwch sir . we will make this right . reese bobby wy do not you tell we what you be really go to do dolly ! you be go to go in the back , smoke sone reefer wth the dishwasher and come back out here and act like a dirty hooker !!! she | eave in tear . ri cky dad why be you do this ?! vw 's have have a great two week ! ! lucy you could not handle it could you reese ? thing just get too good . reese bobby | do not know wnat you 's be talk about . | say no onion . manager walk up wth cry waitress . manager fol ks |’ mjim bohanpton , the manager . be there a probl en ? 19 . reese bobby qh jimthank god you be here . this alleged woman woo be part of you staff , come up to we , on wat be suppose to be a evening of celebration and say , in front of ny grandchild , '' would you like to see the special '' . she then proceed to lift up she shirt and show we half atitty . WA tress M. bohanpton | do no such thi no ! ri cky look | apologize for this old man- reese bobby | wll never back dow from ny st at erent ! reese Bobby take a sip froma can of beer between he | egs . manager Sir you be not allow to have that in here . |’ mgo to have to ask you to | eave . reese bobby jimhere 's the deal . | amfeelin’ rascally tonight and |’ mnot go anywhere . so let 's light this fuse and see wnat happen . smash CUT to : ext . applebee 's S restaurant - moment later four muscul be menber of the appl ebee 's staff be throwng reese Bobby out the front door . ricky and the fanily be try to calmthe situation . reese bobby noooo ! aww ! |’ mar veteran and di abetic !! appl ebee 's have rat ! | find a whole rat in ny cobb sal ad ! ! they throw himdown into the parking | to . reese Bobby get up and storm off . 16 . ri cky dad ! be be you go ? ricky start to chase after he lucy let himgo ricky ! he 's damage ! he 's get a break soul ! reese bobby gt away fromne ficky ! let not go ! do not you get it ! you daddy be a live wrel ri cky Thi ngs be go good , be not they ? they 's have stop in the middle of the road . Cars be go by themwth they headlight on . reese bobby that 's exactly why | have to blowit up . | do not know what organ or bone peopl e have that make they act right , but | be bear wthout it . |’ mno good , plain and simple . ri cky arhh ! do not you get it ? all that race | win . it be all for you . | do it just like you tell be : if you aint first , you be last . reese bobby wat 's be you talk about ? ri cky wat you tell I on the day at school for career day ... if you aint first , you be last . reese bobby ricky | be probably high when | say that . | mean , hell , think like that could set you up for a life of poor choice and dangerous risk take . ri cky qh ny God ...! can not believe | listen to you ... vf. reese bobby look ricky , | gotta go . |’ msorry . | really be reese start to walk off dom the road . ri cky hey dad ! reese stop . ri cky wy do not you ever make it on the circuit ? reese bobby you wanna know why ? Cause | be not as good as you . catch you | ater cowboy . reese walk off leave ricky alone in the middle of the road wth notorist honk they horn and yell at ricky . CUT to . int . ricky S boyhood room - later that N ght ricky be lay in he childhood race car bed surround by poster of great driver fromthe early eighty . hs mm walk in . L hey ricky . | make you sone biscuit and grape soda . | think it have help you relax . ri cky wat |’ m I gonna do ? everything dad tell I be crap . now ! get no reason to race . lucy no reason to race ? ricky let be show you something ... int . livingroom - a mnute later Lucy stand by the mantle . there be sone little trophy and certificate on it . 18. lucy |!’ma lunch lady ricky . it aint much , but | do it as well as | can . do you see this award ? |’ have win lunch lady of the year six straight year . and | do not wo for you or for the school or to get ny nare in the paper . | wo for I . Cause all we can do inthis life be totry and be the best at what we do . and you be bear to be a driver . RI cky but mama . | do not knowif | can be the best ... this frenchman be good . | couldn 's t pass he lucy then go find out . and do not beat himfor you dad or carley or the sponsor or because he 's french . beat himfor you . ri cky and if | lose ? lucy you listen to I ricky . |’ mthe one who teach you to drive stick shift . i’ mthe one who take you to that go cart track and buy you you first car . | raise you ! | know what you can do ! now you just race good and let the wnnin 's and losin 's fall where it may ! ri cky ( chuckl es ) | do not know you be | unch | ady of the year ... lucy | can serve three hundred ki ds potato au gratin in twenty mnute wth a smile . now go get yourself a dam crew before | get enoti onal and this whole thing get messy ... 19 . ext . strip club - day vw see a strip club off of a dirt road wth a sign that nag : '' smokey S house of ass - li ve grl nude , wed . famly ni '' , CUT to . int . smokey S house of ass - conti nuous vé hear the voice of lucius , ricky 's former crewchief as we see the stage . lucius ( v.q ) put you hand together and make some noise for we next young | ady . she look to shake it and soreti ne she like to bake it , she 's also a nother of three , give it up for M. jade or as | call she , hot tofu ! vé see a asian stripper cone onto the stage . there be seven drunk in the audience . the song , '' Panama '' , by Van halen kick in . fromacross the room lucius see ricky walk in . luci US wi ! i’ Il be grill and serve wth hash brow ! ricky Bobby as | live and breath ! ricky | swear to God , if you be twenty - year - old , blonde and a wonan , I would kiss you ! they | augh ri cky but you be not . you be a 50 - year - old , bald black man . they hug . luci US ( 1 aughi no ) and you be a stupid cracker ! and | mean that ! how you be old friend ? CUT to . 80 . int . smokey S house of ass - later ricky and lucius be have drink at a table . during the entire length of they conversation , a stripper 's bikini clad runp be position in between they and cone in and out of frame . they never acknow edge this in any way . luci US so what bring ricky Bobby to smokey 's 's House of ass ? rl cky . | wanna race again luci we . luci we get up and offer he hand . luci US it be good see you ricky . ri cky i’ mnot foolin' lucius . | get ny nerve back . luci US it 's good you get you nerve back but that 's not enough . this frenchman 's the best |’ have ever see . you gotta drive brave and smart . ri cky |’ have change lucius . |’ i1 listen to you . | need this . do you hear I , | need this , for be . beat as lucius | ook into ricky 's eye . luci US alright then . let I make sone call , get the team back together . qh by the way , | alnost forget to tell you , | get marry . this be ny wfe , dane . luci we point to the ass that 's shaking between they W hear DI ane 's S voi ce from behind she shaking runp . DI anne ( qc . ) it 's very nice to meet you ricky . I have hear a lot about you . howre the kid ? 81 . ri cky un , they 's be good ... they , uh , grow up fast . luc ! US put you clothes on baby . it look like we 's be go to tall adega . CUT to . ext . talladega speedway - late morn no music : awe | nspi RI no vwé pan over a road ona hill and see the tall adega speedway off in the distance . ricky 's trailer wth car in tow over take we and head toward the race track . vw see ricky squinting he eye and take in the mammoth speedway . ri cky talladega ... somehow it al way come down to you ... ext . speedway garage - conti nuqus ricky , and he newy reassenbl ed team be unl oadi no they car fromthe back of the trailer . it 's cover wth a tarp . hershel sure be good to be back ricky . vork at the mdas mffler be a far cry fromall this ... glenn mdas offer quality service and affordable price . it 's the mdas guar ant ee . ri cky | miss you dude . even G enn . they all | augh . ri cky and once | get carley back , it all be perfect . awkward silence . soreone cough . 82 . ricky be then hand a cup of coffee . it 's Susan . susan here you go ricky . ri cky susie ! what a dam treat ! susan ricky , you | ook great . the car be off the truck . ri cky now the sponsor | get be not high end but they kick in enough to get we this car ... hershell pull the cover off the car revealing the new sponsor : raven thongs for men , jim pri devorthy , attorney at law FI sher price gas station play set ; the hullmont hi gh school ski club ; catwoman on dvd and dr lane 's S bath salt for menopause and raccoon bi tes . hershell raven thongs for man ? aw man . crew this be embarass ... w’ be gonna be a joke ... etc . susan hey ! ricky have work he ass off to put this together ! what do you all sign up for ? because | think it be all about racing ! yes , this be mangy sponsor but guess what ? they money 's green like everyone else 's . besides , it 's what inside that take you to Victory Lane ... and if this sticker be not pretty enough for you , then why do not you go back to work at the pep boy , for six buck a hour !!! luci ous Little lady 's right . let 's see what this baby 's get under the hood . they start to peek at the engine . 83. ri cky wow . | do not know you could talk like that . susan hope | do not say too nuch . Susan blushes as lucius lift the hood to reveal the engi not . it 's a weck . sore piece be miss and it 's a bit rusted . hershell it look like a giant robot take a dunp ! glenn a wse man once say '' adversity be just opportunity wth a bad hair cut . '' luci US this be difficult for I to say , but | agree wth genn . let 's get to work . ricky start to walk awgy . susan be be you go ricky ? ri cky |’ mgonna go let Jean grard know that |’ mconm for he CUT to . ext . massi ve GREEN meadow - later Jean grard , a asian manin a white suit and two gorgeous model all recline on a large , white blanket eat gourmet cheese and fruit , while drink wne . ricky walk up as they just finish they conversation he 's be escort by Jean 's fashi onabl e personal assistant , who be dress like a bell hop at the chateau marnont . jean G rard .... mais je l’ai dit ce n'est pas le tenpf porte un chapeau ! everyone | augh really hard . 84. assi stant monsieur grard , ricky Bobby be here to see you . jean G rard qh nonsi eur Bobby , thank you bacco . ri cky you 's be a tough man to find , you know that bust er ? jean G rard the day before a race | like to stay away fromthe track . plus , @egory need roomto train he world class shepherd . vw see gegory way off in the distance training he shepherd wth intricate whistle and hand conmand . jean G rard |’ m be so incredibly rude . this be my dear friend world fanous cellist yo -yo ma . yo . yo ma hello M. Bobby . | love you cone - from behind wo in the Phoenix 400 . jean G rard and this be Breeze . ri cky wich one of you be Breeze ? model toget she we be Breeze . jean G rard walk wth I rky Bobby . they walk off . ri cky alright man , look . | just come to tell you that |’ mcomng for you tomorrow . and | do not know mat 's gonna happen , as far as , first , second or third place . but I be go to put ny heart out on that track and you better be ready to deal wth it . bd . jean G rard tres bien recky Bobby . tres bien . ( and t hen ) do you know the reason | cane to Aner i can ? ri cky money , fare , the giant water park ... the same reason everyone cone to aneri can ? jean G rard no. | come here , for you to beat be . ri cky wat the hell be you talk about ? jean G rard mw husband @egory and | , wsh only to retire and train dog in stockhol m but before | can do that | must be defeat by a driver who be truly better than | be you be the one ricky Bobby . you can defeat I . ricky so you 's be go to | ose on purpose ? jean G rard no. | wll battle you wth the entirety of my be . and you wll probably | ose . ri cky vow . this be |ike the h ghl ander . W hear gegory 's whistle in the distance as the german shepherd stand on they hind leg and make a circle . jean G rard they be beautiful animal , non ? RI cky that be fine dog . |’ mnot go to argue wth you . 86 . jean G rard but make no mistake about it , much like I , that animal wll turn into vicious killer when the proper command be give . for I , it be the start flag . for they it be a random y choose command word . ri cky so like , if you say '' fire hydrant '' they might go crazy ? jean G rard how do you knowthat word ?! | ask you , how do you know that word ?! in a instant we see the dog stop , turn , snarl and break out into a full speed gall op . ri cky that be just a example . hey | ook , they 's be run over here . jean G rard that be the word ! you say the word ! they be cone for you ricky Bobby ! ! vé see the dog , bark madly , run directly for ricky . ri cky how do they hear I ? they be a hundred yard away ! jean G rard they be dog ! they have the good hearing ! ri cky ( start to panic ) wat should | do ! ? | can not out run they ! what should | do !!! jean G rard do not panic ! the one who give the attack conmand nust give the heel command word . ri cky wii what be it !! whaat be it !!! the dog be get close . they be go to eat ricky Bobby . B /. jean G rard phi n-a-cer-rey ... it be french for rhinoceros . ri cky phi noceros !! rhinoceros !! why be not they st oppi no ?! the dog be still cone . jean G rard you must do the correct pronouncenent . rhi n- os - se-rey . ri cky : phi not - nay - cer-rae !! rhi not - nay - cer - rae !!! the dog be really close . jean G rard non !! you nust | ay you tongue flat for the third syllable ... watch : rhi not - nos - cer-rey . ri cky phi not - nos - cer - the dog go to leap on himto attack . ri cky ...rey !! instantly the dog becone |i ke puppy . jean G rard ( fight to catch he br eat h) tres bien Rocky Bobby .... if they would have ... get a hold of you ... they would have make you face ... a bloody , horror show . ri cky ( also out of breath ) so anyway ... God that be scary .. i’ Il see you ... on the track...tomorrow ... and I will be give you all | get . jean G rard yes you wi ! ricky Bobby . yes you will . 88 . int . ricky S trailer - that N ght ricky and he son be watch tv on the foldout bed . it be the speed Channel . host of speed week q@ course everyone know the favorite tonvrrow for the talladega 500 be Jean grard . he have si nply doni nate this season . but there be also several smaller storey float around this race and one of themis the return of ricky Bobby , who disappear fromthe circuit almost six month ago . hank they 's be talk about you daddy ! host of speed week unf ort unately it look to be a sad return as ricky sinply do not have the smart , the nerve or the car to compete . let 's just hope this tragic and enoti onally damage driver do not hurt anyone ... ricky turn off the tv wth the rencte . ri cky that 's 's enough tv for toni ght . wlli ams JR do not pay any attention to he daddy . hank qh ny g@sh , look at the time . it 's past we bed time . we would better retire for the evening . ri cky man you ganny do a good j ob wth you boy . he turn out the light and they get in the bed . hank daddy , even though we 'o ! be proud of you tomorrow no matter what ... win . by . wlli ams JR yeah daddy , win . CUT to . ext . talladega speedway - the next day the massive crow be fill up the stand as the car be wheel ed out onto the track . fox announcer ( V. .. ) lady and gentlemen , pull up a chair , drop the kid off wth they aunt and take the phone off the hook , because it be race day here at the talladega speedway ! ext . pit row - conti nuqus ricky and he teamare gather around the car by pit row the team ! ook exhaust ed . luci US this boy be up all no ght work on this engi not . ri cky | sure appreciate it . nowlet 's see what we get . ricky pop the hood revealing a gleam , impressive engine . ricky hot-dog . it 's like | ook up Pam Anderson 's skirt . glenn ricky , it 's like you excalibur , the mghty sword King Arthur use to bring together the knight of the roundt abl e until lancel to betrayed he by lay wth he queen . . in a biblical sense . the crewjust stare at he awkwardly . someone cough . CUT to. 90 . ext . speedway pi T row - race TI I all the driver and they crew stand by they car . keith doby finish the national anthem kei th doby ... the land of the free and the hove of the brave so _go hove you li beral hi ppy terrori ST lover ! ! ! a nascar oficial once again run over to keith . nascar offi cl al that 's it ! you 's be ban ! ! kei th doby @ tell it to you friend sadaam ricky start to walk back to pit row when carley come up . carley ricky | need to talk to you . ri cky qh , carley | miss you so nuch . be 's John dal y? carley he 's go ricky . ri cky | knewit ! W be go to get back together again . Cal naughton walk up . cal naughton JR . hey ricky , | see you net ny lady . q do you two already know each to she ? they 's be hol ding each other . ri cky qh you gotta be kid not ! ? carley it 's not howit seem . W just happen to live together and have alot of sex . 91 . cal naughton JR . sorry ricky , but if | see a porsche wth the key init , | take it for a spin . you have a good race , you hear ? ricky just stare as they walk off wth each other hand in they back pocket . ri cky ah , | think I 's mgonna cry ... 1 be fightin’ it .. it 's startin’ to cone up through ny throat .... around the side of ny eye ... it 's hard to fight it . Susan core up , grab himby the armand pull himby the arm susan listen to I . do not worry about they that 's teenage soap - opera crap . now ! talk to luci ous and have he ! oosen up the car , so that you could do sore drive . watch gerrard in the turn , that 's when he like to make he pass . ri cky how do you get like this ? susan Three year of bring people coffee at a racetrack , you | earn something about drive . nowlet 's go !! ext . speedway pit crew - a fewmnute later P. A. announcer driver ... start you engi ne ! vé see ricky behind the wheel of he car . hs engine revs to life . ri cky this be it ... luci US '' it '' with a gd dam capital '' I '' ricky Bobby . music : running wth the devil kick in hard and powerful . 92 . the green flag wave and the car explode wth speed . CUT to . tv coverage - fox vwé see the race cover on tv wth announcer and graphic . fox ancr # 1 Jean grard , drive fromthe pole , be out to a big | ead . fox ancr # 2 as you know he 's be doi no that all year . earlier today we ask he what have be he secret to success . CUT to . pre - tape package testimonial wth Jean grard in studio |i nbo . jean mw secret to success ? it be simple . it be my lover and husband @egory . wether he be tickle ny foot in the bubble bath or wear the funny hat to make not | augh , he teach I to not be so seri ous wth life . and wen the darkness cone he hold not and whisper '' | be here for you Jean . | amhere for you . '' smash CUT to : tv coverage - NBC fox ancr # 1 i’ || be honest , a few nonth ago that would have weird I out , but at a-certain point you just have to comrend themfor have a | oving rel ati onshi P. 93 . fox announcer # 2 I ’mstill a bit weird out by it , but darnnit , that guy can race . CUT to . int . ricky S car - conti nuous fox ancr # 1 now let 's take a look at Rocky Bobby in the number 28 car . vwé see the carrera fromover ricky 's shoul der show no the track and car around he ricky lean in and look at the camera . ri cky hey , how it go arerica ? it 's good to be back . ancr # 1 Boy , he should really keep he eye on the road . that be dangerous . ri cky | wanna say hi to ny boy , hank and wiliam Jr. how you doin’ fella ? ext . pit row - conti nucus lucius , furious , speak to ricky on the headset . luci US darmit ricky ! stop | ook into the dam carera ! stay focus . you hear be ? int . ricky S car - conti nuous ri cky sorry lucius ! m nerve be junpin 's ! W see ricky Bobby start to pass sone car . fox ancr # 1 ricky Bobby in the thongs for Men car be make a big nove . he 's nove up fromtwenty sixth to twelfth place . ( more ) 94 . fox ancr # 1 ( cont would ) . and now |et 's go to John hannafi n , woo 's in the stand wth a country music | egend . ext . stand - conti nuous jchn hanmfin be in the stand surround by beer drink fan . JOHN hanmfi N thank you Sean . |’ have get country music star Kenny Rogers here wth be . vw see a half asi a colder man wth a beard and a cowboy hat seat in the stand . at best he vaguely | ook like a half - asian version of Kenny Rogers . JOHN hanmfi N Kenny , what do you think of the race so far ? half asi a older man it 's good . they be go really fast . fox ancr # 1 ( oc ) John , that 's not Kenny Roger s- JOHN hannafi N in the song the ganbler you sing , '' you gotta know when to walk away , know when to run . '' should ricky Bobby have stay away fromracing ? half asi a older man M. Bobby be very competitive . if he want to race he should race . fox ancr # 1 ( oc ) John , that 's not - JOHN hannafi N this be John hannafin here wth Kenny Rogers . back to you Sean . ext . tv race coverage - conti nuoqus W see Jean grard extend he | ead . yo . fox ancr # 1 that of course , be not Kenny Rogers . but meanwhile Jean grard have extend he | ead . he 's get two car on he tail , Cal naughton Jr and ricky Bobby who have make a big nove to core up fromtwelfth place to third ... int . cal naughton JR S car - conti nuous Cal naughton be try desperately to pass Jean . int . ricky S car - conti nuous he 's drive next to Cal also try to pass Jean . lucius ( v.q ) ricky , | get Cal naughton want to talk directly to you . ri cky put they through ! cal naughton JR ( v.o ricky | know you and |! do not like each other nuch . and | know !’m sleep wth you wfe and all , and | guess by now you know about the time | take a piss in you ) e cof for ee - ri cky no , | actually do not know about that . cal naughton véll there be nothing to know about because that be just another fun lie that | make up . anyway , I be go to give frenchie a tap on he bunper and once | do , you run he straight up into the wall and you and | take over this race . let 's go . Cal tap Jean 's bumper and Jean fishtail slightly . ricky do not do anything . 96 . cal naughton JR wat 's be you do ricky ? finish he of f!! ri cky | do not want to wo like that ! cal naughton here 's the deal . you help not finish himoff and 1 !' Il give you carley back . nowlet 's do this ricky ... for arer i can ! ri cky that 's not american , that 's cheating . and Americans only cheat on they tax . ricky give Cal a tap and he spin out into the infield . fox announcer # 1 qh ny God ! ricky Bobby just spun Cal naught on out ! fox announcer # 2 it look like ricky want to play that pass squeaky clean ! that 's not the Rocky Bobby | know . ext . wde angle shot of track - conti nuous the caution flag core out . ext . pit row - conti nucus luci we pace wth he headset on . luci US that 's a real classy move ricky Bobby . hershell now it 's just grard and rcky . glenn mano a mano . gs . int . corporate BOX - conti nuqus waal thy sponsor eat finger food and watch fromthe corporate box . M. dennit wth he Young wfe drink a cocktail and watch . mr denn T core on Jean ! you can take he ext . speedway - conti nuous Lucy , hank and wlliam Jr. watch the race fromthe roof of the trailer , sit on | awn chair . lucy that 's ny boy ! ext . ticket wndow - conti nuoqus ticket taker be talk to a unseen figure at the wndow . TI cket taker | just need to see sone !.d. sir if |’ m go to give you this ticket . vw see a hand slide a id under the wndow , the driver 's licence picture be reese Bobby . he 's wnk in the photo just like ricky didin he . ext . speedway - ten m nute later the restart flag be wave and the pace car peel away . fox ancr # 1 very surprising to see ricky Bobby turn down that assist from Cal naughton . because if there 's one thing ricky Bobby be know for , it 's won at all cost . int . pretape pi ece ricky in a interview limbo talk to canera . 98 . ricky |’ have always be a risk taker . and because it rhyme , |’ malso a bit of a heartbreaker . you see what | do , risk taker ... heartbreaker ? it 's fun to do that wth word . ( he listen to a off camera question ) ) wy be ! arisk taker ? | think it 's ingrain in all Americans to take risk . | mean if we do not say '' hey , horse suck , let 's drive a car '' then we would not be here . @ if we do not go , '' hey , | like cold cut and cracker but why can not | have themall together in one convenient package , '' then we woul dn 's t have lunchabl es . NBC coverage - conti nuqus fox ancr # 1 coul d not agree wth ricky nore . lunchabl es and car , God bless this great nation . fox ancr # 2 speak of America , let 's go back to we John hannifan who 's wth a arerican icon , Bruce wllis . ext . speedway John hannifan be stand in the stand wth a burl y wovan wth glass . JOHN hanmfi N Bruce wilis we love you in the De hard movie , let I ask you this , what make racing so much fun to wat ch ? woman W th glass m nane be Linda . |’ mar woman . JOHN hanmfi N so sorry ! back to you guy . yy. int . booth - coverage fox ancr # 1 core on John ! pay attention ! fox announcer#2 thing have heat up as grardis box out Bobby for the | ead ! ext . pit row - conti nuqus luci US alright ricky , play it cool . you run you race ... ri cky do | have roomto pass grard on the inside ? spotter ( v.q. ) that 's a negative ricky . very slim squeeze . all you have be the out si de . ri cky if | take the outside |’ m gonna lose the dam race ! ! p.a. ancr # 1 lady and gentl enen this be the final lap !! grardis still box ricky out of the inside . ri cky danmit lucius ! what do | do ?!! luci US ( V. qo ) ricky , you wanna make sure you wal k in you house toni ght and have supper wth you foul nouthed ki ds , then you go outside and take second place . you wanna wo , then you go inside and may God be wth you . beat as ricky mull this over . ri cky aw hell lucius . | think |’ m gonna have sone Taco Bell wth ny boy toni ght . 100 . ricky pull to the outside for the final straight away . luci US wi ! i’ Il be ... fox announcer # 1 | can not believe it ! ricky Bobby go out si de ! ricky grab the outside and punch it hard . ri cky tighten you seat belt baby Jesus ! they both cross the FI N sh li ne at the same tim . fox announcer # 2 that be one of the best outside pass in the last thirty year . fox announcer # 1 | still can not tell who win ! qui ck cut all over the track : wlli ams JR do daddy wo ?! luci US wat 's 's go on ?! int . the announce booth - conti nuous fox ancr # 1 there be a strange quiet over the track ... no one be sure who 's first . fox ancr # 2 the video replay is_no help . it be too close to call . they 's be gonna have to go to the photo . vw see video replay . it be impossible to tell . ext . race track - conti nuous ricky get out of he car and rip off he helmet , while dow pit row , Jean do the sane thing . 101 . ri cky that feel good . who win ? Susan run up to he susan that be amazing ricky ! ri cky | almost do not care if | win . but seriously , do | wo ? int . dark room - one mnute later vwé see a photo tech devel oping a photo in the chemical pan . as it come into focus we see that the car be dead even . ext . race track - one m nute later P. A. announcer lady and gent ! eren after review no several photograph and the video replay , it have be determine that the race be a perfect tie . the crowd go crazy wth boo and cheer . fox announcer # 1 this be the only tie in the history of nascar . ricky 's crew throw dow they hel net . hershel that be bull crap ! ! luci US ricky , you should be proud . that 's the best race you 's have ever run . Jean cone up to ricky | ook sad . jean G rard please ricky ... | want to goto stockhol mwth gegory ... you know ? ricky turn to lucious , Susan and he crew . 102 . ri cky luci ous , | know you tell not to drive smart . but | gotta do one nore thing . Jean and ricky both put on they helmet and j ump in they car . fox ancr # 1 wii it look like Jean grard and ricky be take a dual victory lap . how nice be that . fox announcer # 2 | do not think so Ted . it look like they 's be go to race . ext . race track straight away - thirty second later ricky and Jean pull up next to each other . ri cky qe lap for all the marble ? jean G rard it be good . ( and t hen ) |’ mgo to beat you . ri cky I too . fox announcer # 1 they be go to race ! ricky j ust hold up one finger ! they 's be go one | ap for the whole enchi | ada ! both car rev on the start line . gegory core out hold a red scarf and stand between the car . he raise he armand drop the scarf and both car tear off the line . fox ancr # 1 ( v.o0 ) this be highly illegal but if you change the channel you be a noon calf fool ! ricky and Jean be neck and neck . ricky take the inside and Jean dart around himtake it back . they bump fender . Jean take the | ead . ri cky Cone on ... give I all you get ! 103 . the crow ) be go insane . carley ricky ! | carley lift up she shirt and flash ricky as he cone around the turn . he get distract for a split second . ri cky vow ... that be fantastic . in that second he lose control of the car and bump into Jean weck themboth . the car flip and roll before cone to a shred stop . fox ancr ( V. .. ) qh no ! no! Jean grard and ricky Bobby have weck ! that be such a share ! ricky can see Jean in he weck . he undoe hinself and stagger out of the car . recky 's leg ii hurt and we see a cut on he forehead as he rip off he helmet . Jean do the same . ricky , in a slight daze , |ook around . he and Jean | ook at each other for a beat . ricky then | ook in the direction of he pit crew , look for guidance , only to catch eye wth Lucy , who have work she way dom to pit row . lucy finish this ricky ! wth that , slowy ricky start run to the finish line . grrard wth a slight smile on he face , follow . the crow go ballistic . fox ancr # 1 this man wl ! not quit !! they be run on foot to the finish line !!! bl oodi ed and staggering , they both | urch towards the checker flag . as they get near , they both fall wth they hand out stret ched . fox ancr # 1 ricky Bobby wn !!! ricky Bobby wn !! you wll never see anything like that in a hundred lifetime ! ! fox announcer # 2 yup . that be good . that be real good . 104 . luci we , the crew , Susan , the boy and Lucy cel ebrate . luci US wow. vow . lucy Holy shit ! he do it !! hank and wlli ams JR yay !! G anny curse and daddy win ! | ! luci US mw heart be full right now man | love this sport . glenn it 's not the sport you love , it 's ricky . Racing be a gorgeous thing but you give of you heart to ricky and today you harvest the fruit of you labor . it 's not car . it 's love lucius . Love . he put he hand on lucius 's shoulder and lucius wipe a tear away . luci US dammit genn , sometimes you see too much . you know that man ? int . corporate BOX - sane TI I M. dennit be stone- face watch the end on tv . he take a sip of he drink . teen W fe honey can we go hone now ? | wanna watch the qc . mr . denn T darlin 's i’ mgo to need you to be real quiet right now . ext . fin sh line - conti nuous driver and crew converge on ricky . the crowd be clinbing over the wall and flooding onto the field . Rocky see Jean and @egory wave to himwth snile on they face . 105 . jean G rard vé be free ricky Bobby . gregory thank you non ani ! ricky give thema half wave and a smile and then be spray wth champagne by he crew . Cal naughton Jr. walk up to Jean and gegory . cal naughton JR . hey ! just for the record , | hate you frenchie . and the next tire we 's be on that track |’ mtake you out ! jean G rard thank you for the warning . | be wonder , what be the aneri can word for the small metal stand that the firemen plug they hose into ? cal naughton JR man you be a dumbass . you mean a fire hydrant ? vé hear dog bark in the distance . jean G rard that 's it . thank you so nuch . carley come run up to ricky and hug he carley honey ! you be a wnner again ! that mean | | ove you ! ricky | do not think so carley ... carley qkay ricky . but before you make this decision , just take a look at ny ass ... ( she turn around ) now let 's get out of here . she turn back around and ricky be go . 106 . ext . race track parking lot - two hour later ricky be leave wth Susan and hank and wiliam Jr. the parking lot be pretty much enpty . ri cky ( to Susan ) that be sone nice work you do round up that sponsor . you ever think about co-owni no a t ean ? susan maybe , wth the right driver ... vo ce ( oc . ) that be sore nice drive cowoy . vé see reese sit on the hood of ricky 's car . ri cky thanks dad . reese bobby hey ricky . let I ask you , who would you wo that race for ? ri cky || you one person | do not for ... you . reese bobby just the answer | be | ook for . | the it there 's a beat as they | ook around the empty parking | to . reese bobby | gotta say thing be pretty much perfect right now and it 's makin 's I kinda of itchy . ri cky what 's d you say we all get throw out of a appl ebee 's s? reese bobby yeah that 's d probably do the trick . they jump in the car and drive off to the horizon line . music : '' | love a rainy night '' - eddi e rabbi t