tall in the saddle written by Michael hogan &amp ; Paul p fix Story by Gordon Ray Young 1944 shoot draft ext . garden CITY station - day close shot -- station signboard . it read : " garden CITY " camera pan to show the dusty platform of a typical small Arizona town of the late ninety . camera truck along platform past a line of sleep figure , consist of a couple of drunk , a indian , two mexican and a mongrel dog . camera stop on the window of the ticket office . Inside the office can be glimpse the Station agent doze in a chair with he foot up against the grill of the ticket window . the click of the signal indicator be hear . the agent open he eye , flip up the indicator and begin to get to he foot sleepily . mo . shot line of sleep figure , with dog in f.g . the sound of a distant train whistle be hear o.s . the dog , which up to now might have be dead , open one eye and look past camera . long shot railway track with the three - car train approach . mo . shot line of sleep figure . the dog jump up bark furiously and run out of shot past camera . the sleep figure come to life and look toward camera . at the same time , the door of the ticket office open and the agent appear . full shot railway track . the train be now almost at the station . ext . platform - day full shot -- with the line of man now stand on the edge of the platform look toward camera . train steam slowly in past camera , and stop , with a tall , wide - shoulder man of about 28 ( rocklin ) , dress in new store clothes , cowboot and a broad-brimmed white hat , in f. g. stand on step of day coach with a small valise and saddle in he hand . behind rocklin a conductor . mo . shot baggage car . the baggageman be stand at the open door of the car with two sack of mail . he drop they to the platform and wave to the conductor o.s. and begin to close the door of the baggage car . mo . close shot on Station agent and conductor . the latter signal the engineer . the train whistle sound again o.s. and the shadow of the move train begin to pass across the Station agent 's face . trucking shot as rocklin come along the platform carry the valise in one hand and balance the saddle on he shoulder with the other , a man behind he pick up the two mail sack and exit from scene . the station bum look at rocklin curiously . his expression give no encouragement , they slink back out of the sun and begin to settle down in they old place again . at the ticket office , rocklin pause and look around uncertainly . station agent ( at office door ) expectin ' someone ? rocklin ( after a second 's pause ) I guess not . where 's the stagecoach office ? station agent ( point ) back of the depot . ext . garden CITY stage depot - day the stage be draw up in front of the depot , over which be a sign -- red rock stage J. harolday proprietor rocklin , make he way along the walk , almost reach the depot when he attention be arrest by the sight of Dave , the stage driver , who have just round in front of the lead horse . he pause close to one horse 's head . rocklin see Dave take a bottle from he person , uncork it as he glance around , and raise it to drink . the bottle be almost to Dave 's lip when the horse shy , swinging its head . the bottle be knock from the old fellow 's hand and smashes on the ground . now rocklin witness a scene of intense fury , which he find amusing despite its seriousness . Old Dave rant and snort -- beat he thigh , he head , fling he arm wildly and exhibit he utter disgust generally . dave ( to horse ) consarn you , blossom -- lookit that -- jus ' lookit what you do -- ( some more pantomime ) I be tellin ' you , blossom that -- ( indicate break bottle ) -- make you the most aggravatin ' female as ever I have a despise fer -- I have get a good notion to pizen you -- a ' what 's more -- he stop talk abruptly because he hand have , quite by chance , feel the spare bottle he carry , which he have forget in he anger . a most satisfy smile light he bewhisker face as he bring the bottle into view . he uncork it , and step a few pace from the horse , raise the bottle . dave ( to blossom ) heh-heh -- fool you , do not I ? -- ( chuckle ) fool myself , too . on rocklin who have be watch Dave 's performance . he smile he amusement and now proceed toward the stage office . int . garden CITY stage depot - day pan shot . rocklin enter and move over to the counter , behind which be the stage agent , a mild - look man with pebble - lens glass . during the scene , the character who pick up the mail sack from the platform , come in , dump the sack on the counter and leave . stage agent ( to rocklin ) howdy . rocklin ( indicate stage ) that the stage for Santa inez ? stage agent ( nod ) leave any minute . rocklin put he saddle on the counter , and take out a wad of bill , drop they on the counter . the stage agent count out the fare . stage agent Santa inez -- seventeen -fifty -- ( return the balance ) name ? rocklin rocklin . the stage agent turn to make out the ticket . rocklin take some tobacco and paper from he vest pocket as he glance outside . rocklin mind if I ride alongside the driver ? stage agent ( over he specs ) it 's all right with I -- if it 's all right with Dave -- he 's mad -- his last trip -- have a row with harolday , the boss -- Old -timer , Dave -- a ' a grumpy old cuss . rocklin ( soberly ) I like grumpy old cuss -- hope to live long enough to be one . stage agent ( puzzle ) yeah ? he shake he head and hand rocklin the ticket , and move over to the door with one of the mail sack in he hand . ext . garden CITY stage depot - day the stage agent , carry a mail sack , and rocklin come from the stage depot and reach the stage as Dave be in the act of climb up to the driver 's seat . stage agent here 's you mail , Dave -- Dave look over he shoulder at the agent and step to the ground , as rocklin climb up to the driver 's seat . rocklin ( as he step up to the seat ) -- and a passenger . Dave glare at rocklin climb up to the seat , and he be about to order he down when rocklin , now seat , look down at he and ask rather wistfully -- rocklin mind if I ride up here ? Dave do mind , but he better judgment tell he to step carefully in he attitude toward this stranger , who do thing first , then ask permission . his only answer to rocklin be a characteristic grimace which be eloquent enough . and now Dave turn on the agent , who become the target of he pent - up wrath . dave where 's they wimmen ? stage agent up at the hotel . dave ( yanking mail sack from agent ) why be not they here ? -- this be the stage depot , be not it -- ? ( heave sack into boot ) ai not it ? stage agent you can pick them up there -- it 's only up the street -- dave on 'y up the street -- a ' they cai not walk it -- what 's the matter -- do not Easterner have laig like other folk ? Dave stalk around the rear of the coach . the agent meantime stretch himself up toward rocklin . stage agent ( so Dave will not hear ) hold tight when you git in the mountain , mister -- when he git rile you can hear the passenger prayin ' for mile . Dave have climb to he seat , and now the coach lurch away , leave the agent shaking he head dubiously . ext . garden CITY HOTEL - day from the porch of the hotel . we see the stage approach as the hotel handyman bring a trunk and a couple of bag from the hotel to the street . the coach pull up and stop . dave ( to handyman ) whar 's they wimmen ? -- they waitin ' for you to carry them out ? before the handyman can answer , Dave 's attention be take by someone call he name from across the street . meantime , a indian squaw wobble from the hotel with bow and arrow , etc . rocklin busy bow and arrow . saddler ( as he come to Dave ) Dave -- Dave -- tell arly harolday she saddle be not ready yet , will ya ? dave ( get to the ground ) I be not tellin' that crazy female nothin ' -- last time I see she she threaten to rip the hide off and I and bat I dizzy with it . Dave go to the rear of the coach . saddler ( look up to rocklin ) mister -- will you tell the agent at Santa inez to tell miss harolday she saddle be not ready yet ? rocklin ( nod ) I will say that . porch of HOTEL miss Martin step out onto the porch follow by Clara and a gentleman , presumably the hotel manager or clerk . the woman be obviously Easterner and be attire in the good taste of the period . miss Martin be a domineer woman , approach middle age . her niece , Clara , be a well - breed , attractive girl of twenty - one and completely under the influence of the older woman . clerk ( as group come through door ) by next year , madam , we expect to have a bathtub on each floor . miss Martin stop short and look o.s . on dave at rear of the couch have a time lift the trunk up into the boot . miss Martin and the other come into the scene . miss martin now do not drop it -- Dave pause to see who be talk . miss martin at you age you would best not be lift thing so heavy . dave ( grimace ) mebbe you be young enough to hoist she up you own self . ( try to lift trunk again ) close shot on Clara . she be look rather timidly up at rocklin . close shot on rocklin . he be grin appreciatively at old Dave . now he notice Clara and regards she soberly a moment . full shot Dave have heave the trunk in place and be secure it . miss Martin , about to enter the coach , notice Clara stare up at rocklin . miss martin Clara ! Clara snap she attention from rocklin to she aunt . the clerk step to the side of the coach and open the door . he assist Clara inside -- and now miss Martin . int . coach - day miss Martin and Clara . miss Martin be just sit . she look coldly at Clara . miss martin ( in low voice ) stare as though you would never see a man before . ext . garden CITY HOTEL - day Dave , rocklin and clerk . Dave be at the moment climb to he seat on the other side of the coach . the clerk swing the door close and look up to rocklin and speak more or less confidentially . clerk try to hold he down or he will scare the woman to death . on rocklin he be look down at the clerk and answer quite casually , but loud enough to be hear by the woman . rocklin I never feel sorry for anything that happen to a woman . int . coach - day through window of door -- miss Martin and Clara . the woman have obviously overhear rocklin 's remark . miss Martin smile vindictively at Clara , who flush . camera pull back to include the clerk , who move to the coach door . clerk well , I hope you have a nice trip , lady . miss martin I hope we get there -- would not surprise I if we do not . ext . garden CITY HOTEL - day on Dave and rocklin . dave ( mutter ) wait till I get you on the road , you old buzzard , you will be surprised all right . he take up the rein and shout the team away . dissolve out dissolve in ext . arizona country - day extreme long shot -- with the stage hardly more than a black dot below , its curl of rise dust in the midst of the whole broad expanse . as the coach disappear from shot , the two mount man appear riding at a easy pace and continue in the same direction as the coach . ext . driver' seat of coach - day mo . close shot -- Dave and rocklin , the latter stare straight ahead . as they roll with the roll of the coach , Dave steal a look at he companion . dave I wonder why a young feller who do not have to want to come into this God dange country ? rocklin ignore Dave 's question and continue stare ahead . Dave glance down toward the woman . dave say -- do you mean what you say back there about wimmen ? rocklin ( grimly ) every word of it . dave ( chuckle ) then you be smarter than most . rocklin maybe I see more of them than most . dave ( look at he admiringly ) should not be surprised . should not be a leetle bit surprised . ( reflectively ) all the same ... he break off and chuckle again . rocklin ( unsmilingly ) all the same -- what ? Dave do not reply , but lift the pint of whiskey , jerk out the cork with one movement of he thumbnail . dave ( offer bottle to rocklin ) take a slug . rocklin drink and give the bottle back to Dave , who all but empty it in one pull . dave ( hold up the bottle and squinting through it ) whiskey and wimmen -- ever think how much alike they be ? both fool you , but you never figger out how to do without them . rocklin make no reply . Dave offer the bottle again . dave take another . rocklin not just yet . dave ( unoffended ) well ... ( put the bottle to he lip ) here 's to she . rocklin who ? dave the next one that fool you . he empty the bottle and shy it away . at the same time , the coach hit a particularly bad patch of road and there be muffle exclamation from inside the coach . Dave lean over and look down o.s . int . coach - day mo . close shot -- Clara and miss Martin . the former be show the effect of the rough ride , but the old lady be hang on grimly . ext . driver be seat - day Dave straighten up , grin . dave ( with relish ) mighty rough stretch along here . he whip up the team , at the same time weaving a little unsteadily in he seat . rocklin like I to speel you a while ? dave nope . I have have a few snort but that do not make no difference . leas'way , never have ... ( after a second 's pause ) do not ever git wear out , and useless , like I . rocklin who be they as say you be ? dave harolday , for one . oh , I be not belly - aching . reckon he 's entitle to he opinion . but he and I never do see eye to eye . rocklin what 's wrong ? dave it 's constitootional , I reckon . like that step -daughter of he be crazy -- he 's too sane . believe in law and order . rocklin ( grin ) what 's wrong with law and order ? dave depend on who 's a-dishin ' it out . never be good at takin ' order meself . as for the law -- well , you will soon find out what that mean ' round this part . the coach hit a particularly bad bit of road and there be a exclamation from inside . Dave grin and urge the team on cheerfully . dissolve out dissolve in ext . rim - arizona country - day full shot -- as Dave pull up the stage at the top of a long downgrade and look out appreciatively at the view . from this crest of the rim , a vast expanse of country be visible . close shot stage . miss Martin thrust she head out of the window . miss martin Driver ? Driver , what 's the matter ? dave nothin '. restin ' hoss . git out and stretch yore laig if you want . miss martin resting horse ? what for ? I can see with my own eye it 's downhill . Dave brighten visibly at this challenge . dave you in such a all - fire hurry , lady ? miss martin certainly , we be in a hurry . dave ( beam ) well -- we will hurry some . his whip crack like a rifle shot and the startle horse literally jerk the heavy stage over the rim and down the grade . long shot grade , with the stagecoach bound and reeling down the narrow road and around the sharp bend . close full shot Dave and rocklin on stage as it thunder downhill . Dave be lean out and listen hopefully for the outcry from within . none come . rocklin be hang on with both hand and mildly amused . int . stagecoach - day the two woman be really be scramble . ext . stagecoach - arizona country - day close two shot -- Dave and rocklin . rocklin be as calm as if he be walk . Dave be more and more pleased with himself . he again lean out to listen . long shot grade , with coach approach in b.g . in f.g. the road narrow and make a sharp turn at the very edge of a precipice . there be no possible way of get the coach safely around this turn except at a walk . long shot road , from point of view of driver 's seat , establish the same menace ahead . close two shot Dave and rocklin , as rocklin glance out of the corner of he eye as if wonder whether or not Dave be too drunk to perceive the disaster . he make no move , however , to advise or interfere . full shot road ; at danger corner , as stage come in . at the very last second , Dave pull in the horse and negotiate the turn in safety . close shot stage . Dave grin at rocklin , then listen for the outcry he expect from the woman within . the old lady 's head bob out of the window . miss martin ( fiercely ) now what 's the matter . why be we stop again ? Old Dave 's mouth drop open , and as rocklin begin to grin at he discomfiture . dissolve ext . stan's place - day full shot of lonely adobe which serve as a combination roadhouse , stage station and bar . as the coach roll into f.g. , a little mexican boy ( Pablo ) run out to change the horse . pablo ( as rocklin swing down ) buenas noches , senor . rocklin buenas noches , amigo . pablo ( grin at the friendly tone ) ha llegado anticipademente , senor . rocklin tuvimos suerte en haber llegado . he glance pointedly at Dave who be climb down unsteadily and Pablo burst out laugh . mo . close shot on door of coach . as Dave come into shot , miss Martin 's head pop out of the window . dave ( gruffly ) we stop here . miss martin why do we stop here ? dave if you wanta eat and stretch yore laig . miss martin will you please stop refer to my leg ! dave you get some , be not you ? he turn and lurch toward the roadhouse . int . stan's place - day full shot from doorway . it be a large barn - like room on one side of which be a bar . on the other side be a fireplace and a partition behind which be a rough dining table and bench . stand at the bar drink with he back to the door be a wizen little man , dress in a odd assortment of rag garment of unrecognizable origin . on the counter be a travel prospector 's pack , to which be strapped a assortment of prospector 's equipment , include a pick and shovel . as Dave enter , the man ( Zeke ) turn around and reveal a face even hairier than Dave 's . zeke ( hold out he arm ) Dave ! dave ( let out a yell and rush to Zeke ) why , Zeke , you two - legge old coot ! close shot Zeke and Dave as they beat one another on the back . dave whar you be all this month ? zeke up in the hill workin ' my way down the biggest hole you ever seed . dave good -- what 's at the bottom of it ? zeke nothin ' ! dave ( roaring with laughter ) what , again !! mo . shot rocklin have enter and move to the fire . miss Martin and Clara enter and stand in the doorway watch the scene at the bar . a pale - face , dyspeptic-look man of about 45 ( Stan ) come from the kitchen and approach they ingratiatingly . stan good evening , lady . how about something to eat ? miss martin ( with a dubious look toward the pair at the bar ) well -- if it will not take too long . stan ( lead the way toward the partition ) this way , lady . mo . close shot bar . Dave have just fitte a cylindrical record of " she be only a Bird in a gild cage " to a old - type phonograph . dave yep -- this be my last trip . zeke why ? dave Old harolday will not take back what he say . zeke what would he say ? dave " you be fire . " they both yell with laughter and slap one another on the back . mo . shot from fireplace . rocklin be stand in f.g. look down at the fire and make the inevitable cigarette from he pocket dip . seat at the table be Clara and miss Martin . from o.s. come the sound of Zeke and Dave sing to the phonograph record . miss Martin glare indignantly in the direction of the bar , obviously about to make a protest . at this moment Stan come from the kitchen with a large dish in he hand which he dump on the table . stan there you be , folk . dig in and help y'rselve . miss Martin , sit forward eagerly , suddenly see the dish of meat and freeze . close shot dish of meat . it be swim in greasy brown gravy . mo . shot miss Martin as she shudder dyspeptically and close she eye . mo . close shot bar , as Stan come from the table to Dave and Zeke . stan Supper , Dave ? dave ( noisily ) I be drinkin ' mine . set them up . mo . shot table . Clara have fill a plate with food , which she offer to she aunt . clara auntie -- miss martin with my dyspepsia ? do you want to kill I ? Clara hesitates for a second , then look across to rocklin . clara be not you go to have any supper ? rocklin reckon so . he come to table and begin to help himself . there be a loud burst of laughter from the bar . miss martin Young man , that driver 's have all the liquor he can take . rocklin have he ? miss martin you know he have . you be not a complete fool , be you ? rocklin frequently . miss martin ( to Clara , furiously ) the rudeness of people in this part be appall ! Clara look apologetically at rocklin , then away again nervously . suddenly , she see something o.s. and drop she knife and fork with a little start . mo . close shot window . a thin , unpleasant - look face be see through the glass . the windowpane be defective and so distort the lower part of the face into a hideous smile . it be the young of the two man who be watch the coach outside the hotel . panning shot on kitchen door as Stan come through with a dish of potato . a man 's voice be hear o.s. and he pull up abruptly . bob clews ' voice well , well -- smell like a mighty nice bit of veal . camera have panned to include the side door next to the window and almost opposite to the dining table . the owner of the face at the window ( Bob clews ) be now stand in the doorway . behind he be the man with the sheriff 's badge on he dirty vest ( Jackson ) . as they come forward toward Stan , the latter show obvious sign of nervousness . bob clews doin ' yourself well this day , Stan . stan a friend of mine be by a ' sell I a quarter of beef . jackson ( insinuatingly ) the same friend as sell you that hide Bob , here , find stashed in you barn yesterday ? stan hide -- what hide ? bob clews the one that might send you to the penitentiary . jackson ( smugly ) what do you do with it , Stan ? stan I never have no hide stashed -- bob clews ( harshly ) I see it yesterday under the hay . stan then it must still be there . jackson no it be not -- we look -- where be it ? stan I tell ya -- miss martin ( who have be a interested witness ) what be all this ? Jackson , as though notice the woman for the first time , raise he hat . jackson afternoon mar 'am . miz caldwell be not it ? miss martin no -- Martin -- miss Martin -- this be miss caldwell . jackson ( to Clara ) glad to know you , miss -- be expectin ' you at Santa inez . I be sheriff Jackson . any relation of Red caldwell 's a friend of mine . bob clews ( that oily smile ) you be sure gonna brighten thing up considerable around the K.C. ranch . miss Martin give clews a icy stare and snap she eye to Jackson . miss martin ( indicate Stan ) what 's go on with he ? jackson just a little matter of the law . bob clews ( hastily ) rustlin ' . miss martin wrestling ? bob clews rustlin ' -- cattle stealin' . miss martin oh -- a thief -- stan ( visibly worried ) I tell ya I never -- bob clews ( quickly ) save it -- jackson ( to miss Martin ) matter of fact -- Bob , here , say that the hide he see yesterday have the K.C. brand on it . miss martin oh -- hmmm -- well , what do you intend do about it ? bob clews ( look at Stan ) Law 's pretty harsh ' round here on cattle thief . jackson ( be the kind man ) course , we do not want to make a mistake with a old - timer , but -- rocklin speak from where he lean against the wall , casually smoking . rocklin how about the owner of that beef -- might not he have something ' to say about it ? there 's a pause in which all have turn they attention to rocklin . jackson meanin ' ? rocklin Red caldwell -- he 's the owner of the K.C. , be not he ? bob clews ( after a short chuckle ) you be ' way behind the herd , mister -- Red caldwell die three week ago . miss martin ( glaring at clews ) be murder , you mean . jackson that 's right -- shot in the back -- not far from here . bob clews ( significantly to Stan ) maybe he be gettin ' on to thing about the cattle that 's be missin ' from the K.C. lately . stan I tell ya I be not never have any hide -- bob clews ( quickly ) well , you get beef -- stan ( meekly defiant ) yes -- a ' I get a bill of sale fer it , too . Jackson and clews exchange a quick glance . jackson s'pose you let I see that bill of sale . stan ( start for kitchen ) it 's right out here . Jackson follow , look at the woman . jackson like I say -- I would not want to make a mistake with a ole-timer . Jackson follow Stan into the kitchen . clews move to the fire and lunge there pick he tooth and eyeing Clara , who stir uneasily under the man 's gaze . mo . shot as rocklin come out of the thoughtful mood in which he have be plunge by the information about Red caldwell and note the by-play between clews and Clara . he frown and make a movement as if about to rise . at the same time , Dave and Zeke , whose voice have be hear throughout in the b.g. , stagger into the shot . dave ( chuckle and point to miss Martin ) see that one ? ( confidentially ) she be not get no laig . miss martin hold you tongue . ( to Zeke , who be gape at she ) and you -- stop stare as if we be monster . Zeke take it and stagger into the b.g. near Bob clews . dave ( to rocklin ) where 's Stan ? we get to have another drink . rocklin he 's outside tryin ' to explain away a hide . dave eh ? rocklin ( indicate food ) seem we be eatin ' steal beef . dave somebody 's loco . Stan might have give house - room to bit o' dead beef , but he would never be fool enough to leave the hide lyin ' around . ( to Zeke ) how ' bout it , Zeke ? Zeke open he mouth to speak , and slowly fold up , slide down the wall to the floor . mo . shot as clews come from the fireplace and join the group . bob clews that 's the way it be , Dave . Dave have go to Zeke 's aid and now peer at clews closely , recognize he for the first time . dave ( disgustedly ) oh -- it 's you . bob clews that 's right -- you old pal Bob clews . dave ( shove clews ) git away from I -- you two -timin ' horse thief . bob clews ( grin ) they 's fightin ' word , pardner . Stan and Jackson come from the kitchen . Dave be again pick up Zeke , but see Stan , let Zeke drop . dave ( move to Stan ) hey , Stan -- do not let them hang nothin ' on you , you be not do . they be just a couple of fourflusher -- the pair of them , everybody know that . Jackson address everyone present with a indulgent smile . jackson crazy drunk . dave ( wheel on Jackson ) mebbe I be drunk -- mebbe that 's why I be tellin' the truth -- I be drunk a ' I will say what I think -- I will say what I know . Zeke , on the floor , take up Dave 's belligerent mood for a flash . zeke so will -- I -- ( go out again ) Jackson go to Dave . jackson do not act up this way , Dave -- they 's woman watchin' . clews move in to Jackson and Dave , and now both man urge Dave toward the door . dave ( attempt to throw they off ) git you hand off I -- bob clews ( to company in general ) what he need be a short lay-down . rocklin ( take a step forward ) I will lend a hand . jackson ( brush past he ) I an' Bob will look after he . we be he friend -- come on , bob. ( as they steer Dave through door ) careful now -- do not hurt he . they exit . rocklin stand frown a second , then turn toward the table where Stan be make a show of clear dish , etc . rocklin ( quietly to Stan ) how be thing standin ' now between you a ' the law ? ( indicate direction Jackson go out ) stan ( not want to talk about it particularly ) all right , I reckon -- ( look at rocklin ; more confidently ) I guess this bill of sale -- ( indicate it in vest pocket ) -- kinda wind he . rocklin 's lip curl in a wise smile . rocklin good thing you save it . Zeke be discover on all four crawl around on the floor near the table where the woman sit . he seem to be look for something . miss martin ( mystify ) what be you do ? Zeke turn he hairy face up toward miss Martin . zeke musta be dreamin ' -- think I be sittin ' on a pot of gold . stan ( wearily ) there be not no gold here . zeke ( take it ) there be not even a pot . the door lead from the barn open and Jackson enter follow by clews a few step behind . rocklin how be he ? jackson go to sleep soon 's we laid he down . ( pull off hat again ) sorry to have a ruckus in front of you lady . Dave 's a ornery old cuss when he get goin ' -- no shape to drive on , I be afraid . miss martin ( this be a fine kettle of fish ) hmmm -- jackson do not worry , mar 'am . Bob , here , will take you on in -- know every inch of the road -- do not you ? bob clews ( grin ) you bet . rocklin have be listen intently . rocklin I be drivin ' . close shot of the group , with clews look significantly at Jackson , who be obviously checkmate by rocklin 's remark . jackson ( finally speak ) but if anything be to happen to the lady , I would feel -- to blame . rocklin do not . he turn abruptly and walk out the front door to the coach . Jackson stare after he a moment , uncertain . now he turn to the woman . jackson you lady want he should drive ? miss Martin hesitates . bob clews I will be more and glad to accommodate you -- ( smile at Clara ) miss martin ( resent clews ' familiarity ) he 's go with we anyway -- he may as well drive . jackson anything you say , mar 'am . ext . stan's place - late afternoon mo . shot -- coach as rocklin move toward it from the house . a crudely make arrow shoot in and hit rocklin lightly . a warning hiss be hear o.s. and he turn quickly in the direction of the sound . ext . stable - stan's place - late afternoon mo . shot -- door of stable . the little mexican who attend the horse be peer out from the stable . mexican ( in a whisper ) venga con migo , senor . the kid disappear inside the stable . rocklin come into shot from the direction of the coach and enter the stable . int . stable - stan's place - late afternoon rocklin come through the door and move toward the boy , who be stand look downward into some hay . camera pan down to show Dave unconscious , with a nasty cut in he scalp . rocklin kneel into the shot . over the scene come the sound of retreate hoofbeat . ext . stan's place - late afternoon long shot -- from rocklin 's angle in the stable , of Jackson and Bob clews riding away . int . stable - stan's place - late afternoon shot . rocklin ( to boy ) do they do it ? mexican ( nod ) Si , senor . they hit he with a pistola . rocklin ( matter ) his friend , eh ? he kneel again , pick Dave up , and prepare to carry he out . dissolve ext . highway - road to santa inez - night long shot of stagecoach travel . close shot rocklin on the driver 's seat , handle the rein expertly . int . coach - night panning shot -- with miss Martin and Clara now seat next to one another . Clara be half asleep with she head against the side of the coach . miss Martin be sit bolt upright but she eye be close and she head nod . camera pan to include the other side of the coach where Dave be sprawle in the seat , he head on a cushion , he mouth open , sound asleep . suddenly he snore violently , and miss Martin wake with a start and glare at he angrily . dissolve ext . stage depot - santa inez - night panning shot on sign on window which read : red rock stage santa inez depot proprietor -- J. harolday camera pan to show the coach pull up outside , with rocklin lift he saddle from the top of the coach , whilst a stableman hold up Dave . stableman what happen ? rocklin bumped he head . stableman ( skeptically ) where -- on Iron Mountain ? rocklin where 's the best chance of a cheap room ? stableman ( point ) there 's cap 's place across the Street -- the Sun - up saloon . rocklin ( with valise , indicate saddle ) I will pick that up later . mo . shot group , to include the window of the coach . miss Martin 's head appear . miss martin ( to stableman ) this be not the hotel . stableman no be , lady . Hotel 's up the street a piece . miss martin be we expect to carry we bag at this time of night ? stableman ( to rocklin ) want to drive them on up ? rocklin ( flatly ) nope. ( offer a shoulder to Dave ) here -- catch aholt . the two move out of shot across the road , follow by the indignant gaze of miss Martin . ext . SUN - up SALOON - night panning shot -- open on the sign over the door , which read : SUN - up SALOON camera pan to show rocklin and Dave come along the boardwalk in front of the saloon . camera pan they to the swing - door , which rocklin push open , pass through into the saloon . int . SUN - up SALOON - night panning shot -- shoot from behind the bar toward the swing - door as Dave and rocklin enter . the bartender ( cap ) , a lean , tallish man of about 50 , study they as they enter , then turn and call across the room . cap hey Doc ! camera pan to show a group of poker player seat around a table . this consist of a well - dress , powerful - look man of about 45 ( judge garvey ) , with a smooth face and a impressive manner ; a flashily - dress young man with a weak face ( clint harolday ) ; a tough -look cowboy of about 35 ( ab Jenkins ) ; a pleasant - face storekeeper of about 50 ( pap fossler ) ; and a little man with a weather - beat face and intensely blue eye ( Doc Riding ) . watch the game be Sam haynes and Shorty Davis , the former a townsman and the latter a cowboy . as they all look toward the door , cap 's voice continue . cap' voice customer -- Doc Riding look quickly toward the door , take in the situation . doc riding ( to haynes ) take my hand , sammy . mo . close shot rocklin and Dave come to the bar . at the same time , Doc Riding come into shot from the poker table . doc riding what happen ? rocklin bumped he head . doc riding ( dryly ) I see. ( examine the head ) look like he 's go to need a couple or so stitches . ( to cap ) better get he upstairs . the bartender look dubious . rocklin ( nodd ) okay . you can book I a room , too . as rocklin and Doc Riding begin to lead Dave toward the stair . dissolve in int . dave' bedroom - SUN - up SALOON - night trucking shot -- start on big head of Dave , as he lie in bed , with he eye close . his head be swathed in a clean bandage . he stir and give a little chuckle . dave ( mutter ) no laig . camera pull back to show Doc Riding at the bed and rocklin beyond , stand in the connect doorway between two bedroom . the latter have a face towel in he hand and have evidently be wash up . as Dave settles down comfortably in the bed , Doc Riding close he bag , nod to rocklin and move toward the second bedroom . int . rockline bedroom - SUN - up SALOON - night mo . close shot -- as Doc Riding come through the doorway from Dave 's room . doc riding he will be all right in the morning . rocklin close door behind he . doc riding how about a snort ? rocklin do not mind if I do . he move across the room , follow by rocklin , who throw the towel down on the bed as he pass . for a second , he hesitates as if about to pick up the gun -belt which be lie on the bed . then , decide to leave it , he follow the doctor through the door . dissolve int . SUN - up SALOON - night mo . close shot -- at bar , with cap setting up glass for Doc Riding and rocklin . he nod to indicate the bedroom upstairs . cap ( with a grin ) will he make it ? doc riding sure he will make it . can not kill off a salty old hairpin like Dave that easy . cap you be right . reckon Saint Peter must be gitten ' mighty tired of dustin ' off that doormat for he . ( to rocklin ) by the way , how do you say it happen ? rocklin ( stolidly ) I do not . cap ( with a slight nod of approval ) that 's right ; you do not . ( casually ) reason I ask be , a couple feller be in say how Dave be kickin ' up a ruckus up at Stan 's place . ( to Doc Riding ) sheriff Jackson it be and one of the clewse . doc riding ( with a look of distaste ) oh ! cap revert to rocklin , still casually , but with a undertone of friendly warning . cap tough customer , the clewse . doc riding yeah -- do not pay to start something with them you do not intend to finish . cap ( to Doc Riding before rocklin can answer ) by the way , Doc , they tell I George will be out again . ( to rocklin , with the same casual air ) that 's Bob clews ' brother . jest do a stretch in pen ' tentiary for horse stealin ' . rocklin they string them up for that where I come from . doc riding ( mutter into he drink ) pity they do not string he up while they wear about it . cap that 's what arly harolday be sayin ' only this mornin ' . ( to rocklin ) you be not meet we arly yet , I reckon ? doc riding he will , if he stay here long enough . ( chuckle ) cap Hell - fire in skirt . doc riding ( raise he glass ; grin ) well , here 's now . they down the drink . there be a burst of excited comment from o.s. and they all look around toward the poker table . mo . shot poker table from bar . the flashily - dress youngster be rake in the stake triumphantly . clint what do I tell you ? they gotta be big to beat I ! mo . close shot Group at bar . cap clint harolday 's in luck tonight . doc riding they be certainly run for he . about time , too . he 's take a beat this last week would shake a better man . mo . shot poker table and include bar . sammy haynes have rise and be push back he chair . sammy include I out . clint aw -- come on . can not you take it ? sammy not that sort o' luck , I can not . besides , I on 'y come in to oblige . clint ( turn to bar and shouting ) come on , Doc . I still get to take something from you . doc riding ( shaking he head ) no more tonight , son . I have a full day ahead . judge garvey in foreground have be watch rocklin , as if try to sum he up . he now lean forward with a ingratiate smile . garvey how about you , sir ? Care to sit in ? I be warnin ' you , though -- we young friend here have be hold phenomenal card . rocklin smile and begin to shake he head . clint ( with a cocky grin ) have a heart , judge . this be not no two - bit saddle - tramp 's game . this be for real money . rocklin turn very slowly and stare at clint . the other watch curiously . without take he eye off clint , he come forward slowly and stand look down at he . then , unbuttone the flap of he pocket , he take out the wad of bill and drop it on the table , at the same time sink into the chair vacate by sammy . the tension amongst the onlooker relax and clint grin at garvey and wink significantly . garvey Fine ! oh -- this be pap fossler ; Shorty Davis ; ab Jenkins ; Mr. harolday , and my name 's garvey -- judge garvey . I do not get you name . rocklin I do not give it . ( to pap , who be hold the card ) deal . dissolve out dissolve in int . SUN - up bar - night mo . shot -- poker table , include cap , who be watch . pap fossler be deal . there be a atmosphere of tension around the table , and it be obvious that clint have be lose . as he pick up he card , he be unable to restrain a smile of triumph . rocklin make a bet . pap fossler and the man next to he fold immediately . clint raise you twenty . this be more than rocklin have in front of he . pap ( quietly ) table stake , clint . clint not if he want to dig . he stare challengingly at rocklin . rocklin take out a wallet , from which he remove a bill and see the raise . garvey ( fold ) no place for I . pap card ? rocklin one . clint ( eagerly ) one for I . he reach for it almost before it be deal and as a result the card , a Queen , fall face up . clint look at it gleefully , snatch it up and put it in he hand . rocklin watch he impassively . rocklin do not you know that Queen be dead ? clint I can take it if I want it . rocklin sure -- if you want -- but you will have to beat my hand with four card . clint ( hotly ) I be play this , mister ! rocklin glance inquiringly at the other player . all be dead - pan , unwilling to interfere . rocklin look toward cap , who stand near he . cap ( shaking he head ) I be not settin ' in . garvey ( smoothly ) why do not you split the pot ? clint I be not split -- I be betting ! he shove all the money in front of he into the pot . clint be you call ? rocklin ( calmly ) no. clint excitedly start to rake in the pot . rocklin I be raise . he shove in the money in front of he , which be more than clint 's and in addition take from he wallet more bill . rocklin dig . clint , very excited , empty he pocket , which be not enough . clint ( to other player ) let I have some money pap ( speak for all ) you be in deep enough , clint . clint ( disgust , to rocklin ) I have call for all I have get . ( spread out he card ) full house . rocklin no good . ( spread he hand ) king up . you third queen be dead . rocklin start rake in the pot . clint , almost hysterical , jump up , draw he gun and thrust it almost into rocklin 's face . the other player roll away from the line of fire . clint ( scream ) you -- mister -- get away from that table . and get out of here . maybe from now on you will know a full house beat two pair -- four-flusher ! rocklin , he hand outspread , slowly straighten up , rise and back away . at the foot of the stair , he turn deliberately and walk upstairs . when he disappear from view -- clint - with other at the poker table clint break the tension , look from one to the other . clint no man can run a bluff on I . there be a cold silence . pap ( finally ) he be not armed . cap I do not like to tell man how to play card unless I be settin ' in -- but I mebbe ought to have speak up . ( directly to clint ) that Queen be dead , clint -- and you know it . clint ( arrogantly ) when anybody play poker with I , they play my game or not at all . cap you can not just go makin ' you own rule , clint -- ( start for the bar -- stop and turn ) -- a ' if I be you I would hightail outa here before he come back . clint ( jolted ) come back ? cap ( wearily ) he 's the kind . cap turn and resume he trek to the bar . suddenly he stop before reach it and be look up , o.s . the top of stair from cap' angle rocklin be stand there grimly surveying the situation . as he start down the stair ... the group around the poker table they be stare o.s . clint be very uneasy . and now rocklin move slowly into the scene . rocklin ( with deadly calm ) I have come for my money . clint ( nervously pleasant ) it 's all yours , mister -- cap , there -- cap be a old gambler -- he say you be right all the time . clint again look around for approval , but get no response . rocklin come slowly forward , pick up the money from the table and turn back to the stair . as he reach the foot of the stair , he turn and look straight at garvey with a peculiar expression . rocklin by the way , judge -- the name be rocklin . fade out int . rockline bedroom - SUN - up SALOON - day trucking shot -- on a small crack mirror in which can be see the reflection of a man shave . a voice be hear sing , atrociously off key . singer's voice she be only a bird in a gild cage ... ( etc . ) camera pull back to show that the owner of tie voice be rocklin , who have almost finish shave . as he scrape he chin and whistle , peer at himself in the little crack mirror , he hear the sound of the door open and turn , then duck quickly as a boot fly past he , just miss the mirror . there be the sound of the door slamm and rocklin grin . he pick up the boot and go to the door lead to Dave 's room . int . dave' bedroom - SUN - up SALOON - day as rocklin enter , Dave be discover almost dress sit on the bed . rocklin , glad to see he , smile and toss the boot to he . rocklin how you feelin' ? dave after that singin ' ? -- thirsty . ( pull on he boot ) rocklin how 's you head ? dave ( evidently not aware of what happen ) oh -- a mite hungover -- but I will feel better once I git downstairs . he hurry out the hall door . rocklin , amused at the old coot , start back into he room . int . rockline bedroom - SUN - up SALOON - day rocklin be just come through the door and see something o.s. , stop and freeze . camera pull back to include Bob clews lean against the open ball door lead into rocklin 's room . he smile as rocklin see he . bob clews I knock , but guess you do not hear I . rocklin ( close door to Dave 's room ) what do you want ? bob clews ( grin ) look like you stir thing up around here last night , stranger . rocklin that all you come to say ? bob clews no . I get a message for you . ( get no response ) from Old man harolday . want to see you out front . rocklin what about ? bob clews maybe he want to thank you for teach that pup of he a lesson . rocklin ( after a second ) I will be down . clews hesitates for a second as if anxious to wake sure he be come , then , turn , he disappear into the hall . rocklin wipe the last of the lather off he chin , buckle on he gun - belt and pick up he hat go out , close the door . int . SUN - up SALOON - day mo . shot -- Dave , at the bar , grab a bottle , pour himself a drink which he sink in one draught . he shudder and repeat the dose . during this , a excited murmur of voice have be hear o.s . Dave turn and look toward the far side of the saloon and suddenly gape . mo . shot - from the bar with Dave in f.g. , and shoot toward the street . a group of man , include cap , the bartender , be gather round the window look out into the street . Dave stagger across to they and begin to push he way to the window . mo . shot group at window as Dave push they aside to get a view of what be happen outside . dave what 's goin ' on here ? pap fossler arly harolday 's on the warpath . ext . MAIN STREET - santa inez - day panning shot -- include arly and Juan mount in front of the stagecoach office , which be situate diagonally across the street from the Sun - up . camera hold on one group stand in front of pap fossler 's store , opposite the Sun - up . ad lib here he come . watch the fun . this should be good . etc . ext . SUN - up SALOON - day on the window . the man inside , include Dave and cap , be press against the glass . camera move back and pan to the alleyway at the side of the saloon . rocklin be come toward the street . close shot rocklin , as he come out of the shadow of the alleyway and stand blink in the full sunlight . sense something unusual , he look quickly around . panning shot from rocklin 's angle . camera pan over the group in the street , stopping on one which include Bob clews . as clews see rocklin , he nudge a bystander and look toward the stagecoach office with a grin . camera pan to include arly and Juan . trucking shot on rocklin as he take in the situation . with a grim look , he begin to move along the sidewalk , camera trucking with he . suddenly , there be the clatter of a horse 's hoof and arly gallop into shot , force the mare up onto the sidewalk and barring rocklin 's progress . arly ( imperiously ) be you name rocklin ? rocklin ( coldly ) yes . arly ( contemptuously ) I want that money you take from my brother last night . rocklin ( quietly ) be you crazy ? or just ignorant ? arly ( flame ) you take it at the point of a gun -- ( suddenly whipping a revolver from she saddle holster ) -- and I be take it back the same way ! flash shot of group at window of Sun - up saloon . flash shot of group include Bob clews , as clint harolday ride in and stare o.s . trucking shot rocklin , as he look coldly from arly to the run and back again . calmly take the rein , he force the mare 's head up and move on . furiously , arly spur the mare alongside , camera trucking with they . arly ( furiously ) stop ! you ! stop , or I will kill you ! close moving shot arly and rocklin . rocklin continue along the sidewalk . arly ( pull up she horse ) turn around . close shot arly . she raise she gun . rocklin continue walking a shot come from o.s. and strike the building close to he . he stiffen but keep on walk . another shot come even closer this time . he keep walk . on arly - she be furious rocklin have reached the swinging door of the SUN - up as he put out he hand to push open the door , close shot rocklin 's hand on the door as four shot in quick succession spatter a line down the door close to he hand . int . SUN - up SALOON - day trucking shot -- rocklin , as he continue he forward movement through the swing - door . camera pull back in front of he into the saloon until it reach the bar . cap move from window with crowd and go behind bar . rocklin whiskey ! ext . SUN - up SALOON - day close shot -- arley with the smoking gun still in she hand . she stare wildly after rocklin for a second , then wheel she horse violently toward the group which include cling harolday and Bob clews . mo . close shot group surround clews and clint harolday . the clatter of hoof be hear and arly gallop furiously into shot . clint what happen ? arly you lie to I , do not you ? clint I ... arly do not think I will forget this . make a fool of I in front of the whole town . before clint can reply , she wheel the mare and gallop out of shot . int . SUN - up SALOON - day mo . shot -- as the customer , with Dave in f.g. , mill around rocklin . dave Boy , oh boy , be that a near thing ! she would just as soon have hit you as miss . you do not know how lucky you be , son . rocklin do not I ? ( indicate whiskey with a sickly grin ) why d' you think I need this ? he sink the whiskey and begin to pour himself another . at the same time , the swing - door open and Bob clews come through . as rocklin raise the glass to he lip , Bob clews hit he on the back , cause he to spill the whisky . bob clews funniest sight I ever see . there be a moment 's pause . then with a slow , grim smile of satisfaction , rocklin turn and knock Bob clews off he foot . mo . close shot with Bob clews on the floor , tug at he gun . as it come free of the holster , rocklin bring he heel down on clews ' wrist , grind on it with he whole weight . then , kick the gun out of reach , rocklin step back . Bob clews sit up , clutching he wrist and weaving back and forth . bob clews ( moan ) you break it ! you break it ! rocklin try another trick like that on I and it will be worse . bob clews I never play you no trick . you break my wrist . wider angle to include the bystander . they look at Bob clews without sympathy . he get to he foot and stumble back , collapse in a chair . close shot at bar , Dave have take the bottle from cap and be refilling rocklin 's and he own glass ecstatically . dave ( gurgle with delight ) oh boy -- have somebody come to town ! he sink both drink quickly and be about to refill they when cap take the bottle from he . rocklin ( to cap ) where will I find judge garvey ? cap he room behind he office down the street . do not usually pull up the blind till around noon , though . rocklin ( put down money ) he will this morning . ( to Dave ) see you later , old -timer ... as he move toward the door . dissolve ext . garvey' office - day clint harolday be see at the window peer furtively toward the Sun - up saloon . he suddenly notice something o.s. which prompt he to say something which we of course can not hear . now garvey appear at the window . ext . MAIN STREET - santa inez - day rocklin , from garvey 's angle as he leave the Sun - up and start toward the judge 's office . ext . garvey' office - day garvey and clint , at the window . from they expression it be apparent that anxious word be pass between they , and now clint suddenly drop from sight . rocklin approach - look the place over - and enter ext . MAIN STREET - santa inez - day on arly and Juan , mount . they see rocklin go into garvey 's place . int . garvey' office - day mo . shot -- toward door , with garvey at desk in f.g . the door open and rocklin enter . garvey ( effusively ) oh , come in , Mr. rocklin . come right in . rocklin look he over for a second , then come quietly to the desk . rocklin I understand you be Red caldwell 's lawyer ? garvey ( immediately on guard ) I be . rocklin know anything about this ? he take out a letter and hand it to garvey . the latter take it slowly , handle it as if it be dangerous . he look from the letter to rocklin and back again . then reluctantly , he open it and begin to read . letter -- it read : dear Mr. rocklin : glad you have make up you mind to take the job . enclose find train fare and $ 150 advance on wage . your faithfully , J. caldwell mo . shot rocklin and garvey . the latter look up from the letter completely bewilder . garvey I do not understand . job ? what job ? rocklin Foreman . garvey ( gape ) on the " K.C. " ? ( try to take it in ) but -- but why should he want you ? rocklin why not ? good foremen do not grow on bush . there be a little pause , with garvey still bewilder . garvey ( think hard ) be that you only motive for come here ? rocklin what other motive could I have ? garvey I do not know -- it 's just that Red caldwell be a peculiar man -- have a funny way of do thing . he study rocklin a short moment , then sit back comfortably and relieved . garvey well , I be sorry , Mr. rocklin , that you have be bring all this way on a fool 's errand , but -- I be afraid the deal 's off . rocklin off ? garvey I do not want to be too hard on you , but as executor of the estate I have to consider the interest of the new owner . how about , say , a hundred in full settlement ? rocklin ( thoughtfully ) well -- there be a knock on the door . garvey rise and speak on he way to the door . garvey that 's my last word -- think it over . garvey open the door , and miss Martin stalk in follow by Clare . garvey ( graciously ) how do you do , lady -- miss martin ( icily ) you be judge garvey , I presume . garvey ( nod ) yes -- and you be -- miss martin miss Martin -- and my niece , Clara caldwell . garvey ( reach for a chair ) of course -- of course -- miss Martin sit stiffly as she eye rocklin coldly . garvey you come at a very opportune moment , madam . this gentleman claim to have some sort of a letter from the late Mr. caldwell , engage he as foreman of the " k.c . " miss martin what ! rocklin ( to garvey ) what do you mean -- claim to have ? -- you see it , do not you ? miss martin ( before garvey can answer ) you can not hold we to account for every promise make by that man . everyone know he be not responsible for he action half the time . and if you think I would have you as a foreman -- rocklin ( find it hard to control himself ) listen , lady -- I would rather walk for somebody else , than ride for you . miss martin ( take aback ) well -- the impudence -- rocklin all I come for this morning be to pay beck the hundred and fifty Red caldwell send in advance . clara oh , no they all turn and stare at she . miss martin do not interfere , Clara . of course he must pay it back . rocklin the railway fare -- well , I reckon we can check that up against the time lose and call it quit . ( throw down a roll of bill in front of garvey ) clara ( summoning up she courage ) but , Mr. -- er -- I do not know you name ... rocklin ( raise he hat ) rocklin , miss . clara Mr. rocklin , it be not fair for you to pay anything back . rocklin that 's how I would prefer it , if you do not mind , miss -- never do care fer owe favor to no one -- especially woman . clara ( as if she have be strike ) oh ! the sound of rapid step approach from outside be hear and they all look toward the door . mo . shot on door , as it open to admit arly . ignoring everyone in the room except garvey , she come abruptly to the desk , with the riding quirt dangle from she wrist . arly I have just hear they let George clews out of penitentiary and that he 's head this way . you might tell he from I , if he set foot on the santee ranch , I will shoot he on sight . garvey but really , miss arly , why should you deliver you message through I ? arly you have mutual friend . garvey if you be refer to sheriff Jackson ... arly I be . garvey but that 's absurd . the fact that he employ one of the clews brother do not make the other he friend . arly ( contemptuously ) have it you own way ; but it would be fair to warn he , because I mean it . for the first time , she appear to be conscious of the presence of the other woman . garvey ( hasten to change the conversation ) oh , miss caldwell , this be miss harolday -- miss Martin , miss caldwell 's aunt . you should know one another , see you will be neighbor . miss harolday run the santee ranch for she stepfather . she 's a famous -- ah -- horsewoman in this part . clara ( with ingenuous enthusiasm ) I know . I see you ride into town this morning . you look lovely . just what I would like to be . arly stare at she unbelievingly for a second . arly ( slowly , a bit flustered ) yes ? she look slowly from Clara to rocklin , as if suspect collusion . clara ( completely innocent ) oh , this be Mr. rocklin . he drive we in from Garden City last night . he ... rocklin ( dead pan ) I already meet miss harolday . clara oh. arly ( stonily , to rocklin ) I have a message for you -- from harolday . rocklin ( murmure ) what , again ? arly he want you to come down to the office . rocklin what for ? arly he 's get a proposition to make -- about riding for he . sixty a month . rocklin hmmm -- that 's a foreman 's wage . arly ( suddenly explode ) I would not offer you a red cent . ( control herself ) but it 's he money . ( bitingly ) and the way thing be shaping , maybe we could do with somebody as mean as you around the ranch . miss martin ( push she way forward ) I warn you , you be make a great mistake . this man be no good . clara auntie ! arly ( to rocklin ignore miss Martin ) well ? d' you want the job ? close shot rocklin , as he stare at arly with a enigmatic expression . suddenly , he seem to make up he mind . rocklin ( indicate the door ) lead the way . mo . shot as arly turn abruptly on she heel and exit the way she come . rocklin make a little gesture to the lady with he hat and follow . as he go , Juan , who have be lean against the doorpost , follow , close the door behind he . clara ( after they have go ) auntie , why do you have to say that ? I simply do not understand you ... miss martin ( cut in , grimly ) but I understand you . ( scathingly ) I would be ashamed of myself . throw myself at a man like that . clara I ... I ... ( suddenly burst into tear ) oh , you be horrid -- horrid . I wish I would never come . she turn abruptly and drop onto the couch by the window . camera pan to hold a close two shot of garvey and miss Martin . miss martin you must excuse she . she 's young . garvey and inexperienced . garvey lean back in he chair and smile . miss martin ( significantly ) and young people must be protect from themselves at time -- do not you agree ? miss Martin throw he a quick look , which he return steadily . garvey ( at last , with a grim echo of a smile ) exactly . ext . MAIN STREET - santa inez - day arly and rocklin walk along the street , not far from harolday 's office . rocklin glance back toward julio , who be follow a few pace behind they . he ride he horse and be lead arly 's . rocklin ( to arly , indicate julio ) do he always follow you ? arly ( defiantly ) he 's not follow I -- he 's with I -- he 's always with I . rocklin ( take it mildly ) oh -- just a old indian friend . arly ( straight at he ) the best friend I have get . rocklin nod , look back again at julio , then back to arly as they go out of shot . int . santa inez stagecoach office - day paining shot -- as arly come to from the street , follow by julio and rocklin . arly ( abruptly to rocklin ) wait here . camera pan she over to a door mark " private , " which she open without knock . int . harolday' private office - day mo . shot as arly come through from the outer office toward harolday , who be seat at desk in f.g . at arly 's abrupt entrance , he look up , startle . arly I have just hire a man name rocklin and say you make I do it . sixty dollar and he will earn it -- while he last . there be a little pause . harolday 's face be completely dead pan . he look out of the window for a second , then back at arly . harolday ( quietly ) why do you do it , arly ? arly so I can fire he . I hate he . clint and he quarrel last night . clint lie about it and I make a fool of myself . ( nodd toward the outer office ) he 's outside now . harolday ( with a little sigh ) all right . send he in . arly go to the door and open it . arly ( call ) come in . rocklin come in and arly exit without a word , close the door behind she . reverse shot as rocklin come from the doorway into f.g. of shot , face harolday , who be seat on the far side of the desk . harolday Mr. rocklin , what happen between you and my son last night ? rocklin poker . harolday hmmm . about this suggestion of you work for I . rocklin it 's you suggestion , not mine . harolday ye -es . sixty dollar be big money . rocklin ( turn to go ) if you have change you mind ... harolday no , no .... wait a minute . I take it you have have the experience . rocklin enough for Red caldwell to hire I as foreman . harolday oh -- have caldwell hire you ? rocklin yeah -- but I will not ride for the new owner -- so that leave I open . harolday I see -- be you a friend of Red 's ? rocklin no -- I guess he just hear about I . a sudden clatter of foot be hear and all eye turn toward the door . mo . shot as Dave , follow by arly and Juan , burst in . his eye go around the room quickly until he find rocklin . dave ( as excited as a schoolboy ) George clews be in town . he 's see what you do to Bob and he 's a - lookin ' for you . they all look quickly toward the window . ext . MAIN STREET - day long shot -- from stagecoach office window . the center of the street be clear and men' head be peer from doorway . int . harolday' private office - day mo . shot -- group at window , look into street . harolday the street be clear . Dave turn and look curiously at rocklin , who frown impatiently . rocklin ( to Dave irritably ) tell he I will be out in the street in front of the saloon . dave ( dash out , radiant ) uh-huh ! int . SUN - up SALOON - day the place be quite full and the atmosphere be one of expectancy despite the outward casualness of the patron . a group loll near the window , look toward the stage office . at the door a couple of customer peer out over the swinging door . the bar support other customer engage in various private conversation but all be mindful of the presence of George clews who , with he brother , Bob , stand at the bar 's center , morosely toy with a glass of whisky in front of he . he be quite conscious of the subtle glance of the other , but regards they all with disdain . he downs he drink , and speak he think to Bob . GEORGE clews I be gonna get he ear . suddenly Old Dave appear in a high state of excitement , and halt with the swinging door half open . dave ( loudly ) hi you , George clews -- George clews turn . dave rocklin say if you do not come out , he will come in here after you , a ' tear you apart . George clews frown . his eye catch sight of a king -size glass of beer be sly across the bar to Shorty Davis , stand alongside he . that quick , clews beat Shorty to the glass and hurl it at Dave , who duck out . cap , anticipate trouble , bring a saw - off shotgun up from under the bar and now watch clews and Shorty . shorty ( tap clews ) that be my beer , you know . GEORGE clews ( nastily ) if he come in again -- I will throw you . before Shorty can reply , clews yank he hat down over the little fellow 's eye , and give he a backward shove that send he sprawling into a corner where we leave he struggle to get he hat off . the crowd resent this , but do not dare do anything , except cap , who hold he shotgun in sight . cap ( to the clews ) that do it , boy -- you know where the door be . GEORGE clews ( to Bob ) com-mon -- I will get he ear . cap not until I get my money -- George and Bob clews be now a few step from the bar . they have turn as cap speak and be look at the shotgun . cap there 's three drink and a break beer glass . GEORGE clews ( to Bob , after a second 's deliberation ) pay 'im . George turn and start for the door as Bob come back to the bar to settle up . GEORGE clews I will get he ear . on pap fossler and the other at window - as GEORGE clews burst out through the door pap ( quietly ) that rocklin will kill he for sure . customer Le 's hope . ext . SUN - up SALOON - day as George clews step outside , a mangy mongrel dog , bask close by , evidently recognize he and tail it away , leave George blink at he . long shot rocklin -- from George 's angle . he be walk slowly forward down the middle of the street . mo . shot George , look baffle by the steady approach . GEORGE clews ( yell ) I be come -- and you would better run ! he step down from the sidewalk into the street and then stand still again . close shot rocklin -- camera moving with he as he come slowly and steadily forward . close shot George . his hand be on he gun , but drunk or not , he have too much sense to draw too soon . ext . stagecoach office - day mo . shot -- harolday watch from behind the window of he office . behind harolday be julio and arly . the latter make a step as if about to move to the door , but julio restrain she . int . garvey' office - day mo . close shot -- as garvey , miss Martin and Clara watch the scene below -- garvey and miss Martin excitedly and Clara in great distress . ext . HOTEL - day closer shot -- man in hotel doorway , taut with excitement . full shot rocklin -- shoot past George , whose hand be on he gun butt . rocklin 's thumb be hook in he belt as he continue slowly forward , he eye fix on George 's . rocklin ( quietly ) draw a gun and I will kill you . mo . shot George , as he stand bewilder and open - mouth . rocklin enter scene , suddenly whip out he gun and bring it crash down alongside George 's head . the barrel strike though the crown of he hat and he go down like a pole - axed steer . int . harolday' private office - day mo . close shot -- group at window . arly give a involuntary exclamation of pleasure , which she instantly check , then she move abruptly out of shot , follow by Juan . harolday continue to stare frowningly out of the window . int . garvey' office - day mo . close shot -- group at window , with garvey obviously disappont , miss Martin bridl and Clara show obvious relief . ext . SUN - up SALOON - day mo . shot -- rocklin and crowd as they swirl around he offer congratulation . Dave push he way through the crowd and thump rocklin on the back in wild enthusiasm . at the same time , the sound of a horse canter be hear , and Jackson come into shot . jackson ( to rocklin ) hey , you ! what 's this you be up to ? rocklin I just laid a gun barrel over the head of a drunk friend of yours -- same as you do over Dave 's here yesterday . dave ( surprised ) eh ? jackson ( bluster ) I do not know what you be talk about . rocklin ( calmly ) you be a liar ! he turn contemptuously and begin to move back towards the stage office completely ignore Jackson , who ride alongside blusteringly . jackson now you lookee here , young feller . you go on talk that way and you will find yourself in trouble . the crowd which have be follow now begin to razz he openly . he turn and glare , but without effect . he give a final shout to rocklin . jackson do not say you be not be warn . pull he horse around , he set off in a lope up the street . mo . shot as miss Martin come along the street , determinedly , follow by Clara , until she be face to face with rocklin outside the stage office where arly and Juan be mount ready to move off . miss martin ( ignore everyone but rocklin ) I see you . I see you strike that poor man . rocklin yes , mar 'am . as hard as I could . miss martin you ruffian , you ! Clara pull she sleeve imploringly . miss martin let I go ! ( to rocklin ) I know the sort you be the moment I set eye on you . you can not fool I ! you be nothing but a common adventurer ! come , Clara ! she take Clara by the arm and sweep past they towards the hotel . rocklin look after they with a grim expression and then up at arly , who have be listen intently . she return he look steadily for a second . then , with a mock smile , she wheel the mare and canter out of shot , follow by Juan . he look after she for a second ; then with the same grim look , enter harolday 's office . int . harolday' office - day harolday be stand at the window , look toward the door , have see rocklin approach . the door open and rocklin enter and resume he conversation as though it be hardly interrupt . rocklin -- now what be that you be sayin ' about caldwell ? harolday you be hire by Red caldwell only confirm what I would suspect -- he be get ready to fight . rocklin ( try to get information ) fight ? who ? harolday organize rustling . well at least -- that 's my belief . Red be no friend of mine . too fond of take the law into he own hand . but he have my sympathy . he would be harder hit than any of we . and on top of it all , he lose he foreman . rocklin you mean , he quit on he ? harolday he be shot -- in the back -- with a bullet from the same caliber rifle as get Red . rocklin get any idea ? harolday no -- except that the man you just pistol - whipped be in on it somewhere . ( bitterly ) pity you do not kill he when you have the chance . rocklin realize that maybe harolday be try to throw a curve -- try to get he to talk . rocklin say -- it do not sound as if it 's goin ' to be too easy for they wimmen at the k.c . harolday ( watch he keenly ) want to go back and work for they ? rocklin no , sir . and I be not jump at this offer o' yours either because I do not hold with work for wimmen . harolday ( quickly ) oh , you mean my step -daughter . well do not worry . she will not interfere with you ... rocklin -- I figure we have be losin ' cattle over a place call table top -- it 's the back way into the topaz ranch and the perfect route for rustler -- I be go to send you up to the line camp -- you do not mind work a lone hand -- do you ? rocklin ( measure ) -- I like workin ' that way . harolday ( rise and hold out a hand ) good -- be ready to move out this afternoon . dissolve ext . MAIN STREET - santa inez - day on Dave and pap fossler engage in conversation in front of pap 's store . in the b.g. -- across the street , we carry the entrance to the Sun - up saloon . dave ( in he best sale talk ) -- now pap -- I be givin ' you first call on I service . they 's lot of other folk lookin ' fer a good man , too -- you know . so if you want I , you better hurry and speak up because -- during Dave 's speech rocklin have come from the Sun - up carry he valise . he pause a moment , look around . Dave see he . dave 'scuse I , pap -- be right back to find out when I start . he hurry across the street toward rocklin . ext . SUN - up SALOON - day on rocklin just step off the curb . Dave come in to he . dave whar you off to ? rocklin I be riding for the topaz ranch . they start across the street , slowly toward the stage office . dave what ! -- have you go plumb loco ? rocklin good money -- sixty a month dave there be not enough money in this town to make it worth you while to work for that gal . rocklin give Dave a quizzical look , which Dave mistake for weaken . dave when she git goin ' she can be meaner and a skillet full o' snake . she be not goin ' to forget the way you make a fool of she today -- in front of the whole town . pap fossler' voice ( o.s. ) hey , Dave . dave be right with you . ( to rocklin ) it 's pizen that 's what it be -- jus ' plain --- what you want to hang around this town for anyways ? -- Dave and rocklin have reach middle of the street . pap fossler 's voice come again from o.s . pap fossler' voice hey , Dave . Dave react with a squint in pap 's direction . he run out toward pap , but would rather stay with rocklin . the camera follows rocklin across the street to the stage office , where see arly and tala sit on they horse apparently wait for rocklin . a third horse be stand by with rocklin 's saddle on it . rocklin , upon reach the front of the stage office , pause a moment , to look over the horse carry he saddle -- glance up to arly . rocklin be right with you . he go into the stage of office , as we dissolve out dissolve in ext . forked road - day long shot -- as rocklin , arly and Juan canter along a dirt road over open country with the mountain range in the distance . camera pan to show a buggy on the road ahead , approach a wood dell where the road divide . mo . close shot of the buggy , show miss Martin riding in front , beside Shorty Davis , who be drive , and Clara with she back to the driver , face the oncoming trio . miss Martin hear the sound of the approach horse , and look over she shoulder . mo . shot arly , Juan and rocklin , with miss Martin in f.g . the latter scowl and look quickly to she front as the rider draw level with the buggy , rocklin coin to the right , alongside Clara . clara good afternoon , Mr. rocklin . ( look at the sky ) Lovely day , be not it ? rocklin reckon it be pretty nice . so you be move in on the " K.C. " eh ? clara ( hesitate and throw a look toward miss Martin ) we -el , not exactly move in . you see ... mo . shot with miss Martin in f.g. and shoot over she shoulder to include Clara and rocklin . miss martin ( acidly , lock straight ahead ) do you have to discuss we private affair with every rag-tag-and - bobtail cow - person we meet , Clara ? clara ( in a low voice ) auntie ! rocklin sorry if I butte in , mar 'am . jest pass the time o'day . miss martin we can do very well without it -- thank you . ( with a look over she shoulder ) and you be keep you lady friend wait . rocklin look quickly in the same direction . mo . shot from rocklin 's angle , with arly and Juan at the fork in the road . they be look back towards the buggy which have take the lower road to the right of the copse . reverse shot with arly and Juan in f.g. and the buggy in the distance . rocklin raise he hat to the woman in the buggy and canter back to arly , who have be watch with a peculiar expression . arly ( coldly ) I think maybe you would change you mind again . rocklin ( cheerfully ) nope . she look at he angrily for a second as if about to say something sarcastic . then , repress herself , she wheel she horse and canter off along the side of the copse . rocklin throw a amused glance , at Juan , who have be watch with a enigmatic expression . he return rocklin 's look with a stern , menace frown . then , with a gentle flick of the rein , he urge he horse after arly . completely baffle , rocklin scratch he head for a second , then follow . dissolve ext . ranch house - santee ranch - late afternoon mo . shot -- as the three canter up the driveway to a smart - look ranch house . arly dismount and throw she rein to Juan . arly ( over she shoulder to rocklin ) Juan will show you the bunkhouse . I will talk to you about you duty in the morning . before rocklin can speak , she run quickly up the step of the verandah and disappear into the house . lead arly 's horse , Juan move out of shot to the leave of the ranch house and rocklin follow . ext . corral - santee ranch - late afternoon mo . shot -- as Juan come into shot lead the mare , follow by rocklin . they both dismount and begin to off - saddle . rocklin how far be the line - camp at table - top ? juan twenty -five -- thirty mile . rocklin I be move out there first thing in the morning . ( as Juan turn and stare ) boss ' order . Care to show I the way ? there be a moment 's pause . then , what almost amount to a smile of relief , cross Juan 's face . juan I will show you . dissolve ext . santee ranch - day long shot -- as rocklin and Juan ride out from the ranch through the early morning mist and turn off in the direction of the distant line of mountain . dissolve ext . entrance to canyon - day long shot -- as the two leave the open country and enter the mouth of a steep and narrow gorge at the foot of the mountain range . mo . close shot as Juan pull up and dismount , follow by rocklin . juan ( point ahead ) the trail be straight ahead . you will find the cabin at the top . ( turn back to he horse ) adios , senor . rocklin ( challenging , but perfectly friendly ) senor romerez , it appear that you do not like I . for a second Juan do not reply . then , as he speak , he take a tobacco pouch from he pocket . rocklin , he mind on other thing , do not take particular notice of the pouch , but we cannot help notice the pouch ornament -- a steer 's head of hammer silver . juan ( during the above business ) senor , that be true . I do not like you . rocklin why ? juan ( extend the pouch ) permit that I offer you a cigarette . rocklin shake he head . Juan , have spill tobacco in a paper , now put away the pouch and roll he own . juan it be not you fault that you shadow be black . but you will only bring unhappiness to my senorita . I do not blame you , but I fear I must hate you . he turn abruptly and mount the wait horse ; then look down from the saddle . juan adios , senor . he ride quickly out of the shot . dissolve ext . table - top - day mo . shot -- as rocklin force he horse up the last few foot of the steep trail at the top of the canyon , and pull up at the top of the rise with a look of amazement . full shot - from rockline angle a rich meadow stretch ahead with a stream run through it , and a cabin at the far end . steep escarpment surround the lush meadow land , make a idyllic scene . as rocklin come slowly into shot with the same look of startle appreciation on he face and begin to move toward the cabin , dissolve ext . approach to santee ranch - day long shot -- of Juan , as he canter across open country toward the ranch . camera pan to include the road from Santa inez along which approach a smallish freight wagon , pull by two horse . as the driver see Juan and wave he whip , the mexican swerve from he course and canter toward the wagon . mo . shot wagon , which we now see be be drive by Dave . on the side of the wagon be write : transport &amp ; general freightage -- pap fossler and son . Juan canter into shot and pull up alongside the wagon . dave hiya there . juan Buenos dias , senor Dave . ( look at name on wagon ) you have find new employer , eh ? dave yeah . haulin ' freight for ole pap fossler . get a letter here for that crazy galoot , rocklin . ( with a little wink ) from the little caldwell girl . seem mighty take up about sumpin' . make I promise to deliver it personal . ( indicate letter ) juan but senor rocklin be not here . dave lordy -- he be not quit already ... juan ( shake head ) I have just accompany he to table - top . dissolve in ext . topaz ranch house - day shelley , a negro servant of the harolday household , be discover sweeping the front porch . behind he we see clint open the door -- peer furtively out -- then cross the porch to its edge when he look o.s. as though search for someone . shelley , meantime , have notice clint , but go right on with he sweeping . his only reaction be a disparage glance over he shoulder . clint ( turn to shelley ) have you see arly ? shelley no , suh , ah do not see miss arly today , but ah seed she las ' night , and she shore be mad . to emphasize he point , shelley pucker he mouth in a whistle . shelley plenty mad ! clint 's face tighten as he anticipate what be in store for he . over the scene come the gradually increase sound of a feminine voice , gayly hum the note of a popular tune of the period . clint 's strain feature relax in a can-that - be - arly expression , while shelley stop dead in the middle of a sweep , and now both stare incredulously , o.s . angle from they angle we first see only the corner of the house , while the owner of the voice approach from the other side . now arly come into view , entirely oblivious of clint and shelley watch she . she seem more attractive , in a feminine way , this morning . it may be the skirt and blouse she be wear . then again it may be the flower she be , even now , adjust in she hair . the presence of the two man suddenly startles she . the song end abruptly , while she hand fall quickly away from the flower . arly as arly move toward the porch , shelley snap back to life and resume sweeping -- but furiously . clint regards the girl in the vague manner of the puzzle go he be . clint ( not too definitely ) ' mornin ' , arly -- arly be come toward clint . arly ( pleasantly ) ' mornin ' , clint . she step close to clint , and he slowly back up a step , for he do not know she come up to he merely to pick up she jacket lie on the ground near the step . clint ( as arly lean down to pick up the jacket ) you must be feel pretty good . arly straighten up with the jacket in she hand , and the corner of she mouth curl in a faint smile . she turn now and start along the walk , and take only a few step when clint come to she side . arly and clint walking clint ( as he join arly ) say , arly -- about that poker game , night before last , I --- arly ( toss it off ) forget it . clint ( do he hear correctly ) forget it ? arly pay no attention to clint . she be look o.s. and stop walk . ext . ground near topaz ranch house - day tala , on he horse , as see by arly . over the scene come arly 's voice call from a distance . arly ( call ) tala . tala react to the call by head he horse at a slightly different angle . arly and clint arly be look o.s. toward tala . clint be now eyeing he sister up and down quite openly . she turn she head now and catch clint look she over . arly ( after a stilted pause ) well -- clint ( with a perplex smile ) what be this ? -- a gesture of he hand indicate the way arly have get herself up . that quick , arly 's hand go to the flower in she hair . and , that quick , she guiltily withdraw it . arly ( bravely nonchalant ) what do you mean ? clint what do I mean ? -- before he can explain , tala pull up in he horse and we hear he voice over the scene . tala' voice good morning , arliete . arly , tala and clint tala sit astride he horse smile down at the girl . arly good morning , tala . tala you have make yourself very pretty today . arly be jolted by tala 's innocent remark , and she can not help give clint a little side glance in the way of reaction . clint have not miss tala 's crack nor arly 's glance , and when she give it to he he say : clint ( pleasantly ) see what I mean ? he toss she a altogether know look now , and leave , go up the walk toward the house . arly turn to tala . arly have my horse saddle and send around right away -- will you ? ( then as a casual afterthought ) you can have that rocklin bring it . she glance over she shoulder toward clint go up the walk . and then , look back to tala , find he have not move , but remain smile down at she . arly what 's the matter ? tala ( easily ) rocklin be not here . arly ( breathlessly ) he quit ? tala he have go to the line camp at table top . arly what ? tala it be Mr. harolday 's order . arly look away . her eye stare blankly into space as she struggle with the mix emotion of anger and disappointment . tala , aware of she plight , slowly dismount and come to the girl 's side . tala ( in a fatherly manner ) why do you make you heart heavy with thought of he , little one . -- he be not for you . arly ( bitterly ) be quiet . tala he have make the choice , arliete . with you own eye you see it yesterday . arly ( impatiently ) oh -- tala and she , too , have open she heart to he -- already she have summon he to she . arly ( this turn she around ) what do you mean ? tala Dave -- of the white beard -- carry a letter to rocklin -- it be from she . arly how do you know that ? tala I have just now meet Dave , and he tell I . -- so now he ride to table top . arly be quiet a moment . tala Little one you -- arly ( quickly , as she start for the house ) oh , leave I alone . long shot entrance to ranch . enter the driveway from the direction of Santa inez , come harolday , still look the distinguished citizen . harolday ride up to the porch - close to arly and julio harolday good morning , julio -- morning arly . ( to julio as he dismount ) fetch my briefcase -- it 's on my desk . julio exit . harolday turn he attention to arly who still smart under the disappointment about rocklin , seem lose in think . after regard she a moment harolday speak . harolday look like we be go to get that land we have be want along the river bottom . arly turn she eye on harolday , who continue . harolday I do not tell you -- but I buy the mortgage on the hardman ranch , and it 's due today -- on my way over there now . arly 's eye burn as she toss she head slightly . arly do you send that rocklin to table - top ? harolday I do . arly ( furiously ) well , let 's get thing straight . this place be my mother 's -- now it 's mine and clint 's -- it 's true you have be help out -- but the way thing be go we will soon be able to pay you back every penny we owe . meanwhile , I be run this outfit and I expect to give the order . harolday you generally do . arly why do you send rocklin up to table - top ? harolday it seem to I a good idea -- what with all this rustling go on -- arly who would ever try drive cattle over table - top ? -- unless they be crazy . harolday ( coldly ) I do not agree with you . in any case -- if you must have it -- I would no intention of engage a man at foreman 's wage just to gratify the whim of a jealous woman ! arly ( dangerously ) you take care what you be say . harolday ( very control ) it 's you should take care , my dear . I be afraid there 's one man you can not rawhide into jump the way you want . you have make a fool of yourself over he once . better watch out you do not do it again . he turn abruptly and walk off the verandah . mo . shot as harolday come from the verandah to he horse . Juan be stand there with the briefcase which harolday take with a yank , mount he horse and ride out . the camera move in close on arly , who stand in furious silence watch harolday ride away . fade out fade in ext . canyon road on the way to table - top - dusk Old Dave be jogging along in he wagon . a rumble of thunder echoe through the canyon . Dave react with a look toward the sky . shot of storm cloud gather . dissolve ext . mountain road near table - top - dusk a night shot of the mountain road near table - top . it be a wood section of the plateau , and occasional flash of lightning illuminate the big tree skirt the road . Dave , in he wagon , loom out of the b.g. , and as he near the camera we hear he urging the team through the downpour . as he pass and continue hurriedly on he way , we fade out fade in int . cabin - night close shot on a soile and wrinkle envelope lie on a table . it be address to : Mr. rocklin c / of santee ranch the camera pull back and rocklin be reveal at the table , look down at the letter . his hat be tip back on he head , and he sleeve be roll up . he be mixing dough in a bowl sit on the table near the letter , and he hand be all gooey . Dave be discover in front of the fireplace where he outer shirt and sock be drying . it be dark outside , but the storm have abate . rocklin go to a shelf near the fireplace to get a pan . dave ( during the above ) durn funny -- that storm quittin ' just about the time I get here . rocklin no funnier than you sloggin ' through it , just to deliver a letter from a woman . dave ( disgustedly ) reckon I be gettin ' to be more of a fool the older I get . Dave watch rocklin at the table shaping the dough for biscuit and put it in the pan . dave when be we gonna get around to readin ' it ? rocklin can not help smile a bit at the way Dave include himself in . rocklin think I would wait till mornin ' -- might be bad news a ' I would not be able to sleep . Dave screw up he face in utter disgust and turn he attention to he drying clothes . rocklin , meanwhile , take a flour sack from the table , wipe the dough from he hand and pick up the letter . he go over to the fireplace , open the letter the while , and sit on the bench . Dave , see this , edge discreetly around in back of rocklin in order to see over he shoulder . the letter open , rocklin take out a roll of bill along with the fold message . he lay the envelope on the bench . dave mmmm -- dineroo . rocklin place the money in he shirt pocket for the moment , and open the fold message . letter . it begin with the usual dear Mr. rocklin . rocklin 's voice be hear over the insert as he read from here . rockline voice ( read ) forgive I if this letter be a trifle incoherent , but I be terribly worried and unhappy . back to scene . dave who would not be -- livin ' with that ole screech owl . rocklin ( continue to read ) I be desperately in need of help and advice from someone whom I feel I can trust , and I be appeal to you , because I regard you in the same way my uncle surely must have . I heartily dislike and distrust judge garvey -- dave ( interrupt ) huh -- smart girl -- rocklin ( go on ) but my aunt seem to have suddenly revise she opinion of he , and now want I to place all my affair in the judge 's hand and return east . such be certainly not my wish . dave ( significantly ) look kinda like she 's form a attachment . rocklin glare up to Dave . dave ( quickly ) for the locality , I mean . rocklin ( continue read ) I want so much to give ranch life a trial , but fear circumstance be against I , especially in view of the recent indian trouble -- dave ( explosively ) indian trouble -- ( in normal tone ) good Lord , they be not be any indian trouble around here in -- rocklin ( caustically ) you want to hear the rest of this ? dave ( get the inference ) might 's well -- come this far . rocklin ( read ) I want to apologize for what take place this afternoon . and I be return the 150 , because I feel it be rightfully yours . you must take it . faithfully yours , Clara caldwell . the letter finish , rocklin regards it a moment , then slowly return it to the envelope as he gaze thoughtfully into the fire . Dave meantime straighten up -- scratch he shaggy top , and turn he attention once more to he drying clothes . dave ( feel he sock ) well -- what do you make of it ? rocklin continue look into the fire as he lay the letter back on the bench and take out tobacco to roll a cigarette . rocklin somebody 's sure bustin ' to get she out of there . Dave sit alongside rocklin and begin put on he sock . dave indian trouble -- rocklin ( after a pause ) wonder why the old lady 's playin ' along ? dave ( sourly ) baaa -- wimmen -- who can ever figure them ? ( pause ) get to admit though , I feel a mite sorry for the young 'un -- nice little tyke . rocklin too nice for this country . dave ( after a slight pause ) she 's shore a pretty thing . rocklin have be mull thing over . rocklin do not know how I could help she -- even if I want to -- I do not know any thing about this garvey -- or caldwell -- or -- dave well , now -- I could mebbe help you out some , there -- fact , I could tell you something ' ' bout ole Red that might be interestin ' . rocklin you must have know he pretty well -- what kind of a man be he ? rocklin go to the table and resume molding biscuit . Dave have he boot on and be put on he outer shirt . dave caldwell ? -- the best -- cantankerous cuss -- but a real cowman , believe I -- he be a big feller , like yourself -- fact , you coulda pass fer a blood relation , come to think of it . rocklin ( casually , as he busy himself with the biscuit ) be the judge and Red friend ? dave ( anigmatically ) that 's what you would say . garvey manage all Red 's business . besides which they be regular drinkin ' pal -- play poker together most night -- though ' they do say Red get the worst of it . rocklin Red be a gambler , eh ? dave oh , yeah -- reckon a pretty poor one , though ' -- still you would say he and garvey be friend . rocklin ( after a side glance to Dave ) anything ever happen to make you think they be not ? dave ( move close to rocklin ) rock -- I be gonna tell you something ' I be not never tell anybody . rocklin ( with a slight smile ) think you can trust I ? Dave grimace he confidence . dave the last time I see Red be the day he die -- in the pause rocklin remain silent . dave -- ' twas in town -- he jus ' come out of the stage office . try to book passage to Garden City but could not on account I have a full load . -- well , sir , he take I aside and give I a print sheet of paper and say , " read it . " I look it over and fer as I could see it be a paper from one of they Chicago sportin ' firm , tellin ' how to manipulate trick playin ' card . rocklin marked card . dave ( nod ) reckon so . -- seem Red find some card and this paper in a coat one of he friend loan he one night . rocklin whose be it ? dave well , now that 's just what I ask -- but all he say , be that it belong to a good friend . then he say he be not waitin ' fer the next coach , but be ridin ' over to see the district judge about it alone . rocklin that 's when they get he . dave yes , sir -- ' bout a mile or so from Stan 's place . a bullet in the back a ' he pocket empty . rocklin how come you never tell this before ? dave who be there to tell ? -- sheriff Jackson ? -- him a ' garvey 's thick as thief . rocklin how about what 's he name -- harolday ? -- he 's no friend of the judge 's , be he ? dave hate he gut -- sure rile he to see young clint hangin ' onto the judge 's coattail . all the same , I jus ' decide to keep my mouth shut and my eye open . rocklin ( after a pause ) even if it be garvey Red be talkin ' about -- it do not follow that he kill he . dave no -- general opinion be that it be rustler . rocklin why would rustler take the evidence caldwell have with he ? rocklin move away to a large earthen jug hold water as Dave talk . dave look to I if you get the man who own the mark card , you get the killer . rocklin ( drink ) funny though ' -- first the K.C. foreman -- then caldwell -- a ' now this woman . dave lordy -- you be not thinkin ' somebody might try bumpin ' they ? rocklin ( slowly , to himself ) I be not so sure somebody have not try already -- ( to Dave ) remember , when we stop to change horse on the way over from Garden City -- dave shore -- you tell I how Jackson and clews try to frame Stan . rocklin ( nod ) yeah . like they want to be sure he would keep he mouth shut about something . Dave sit down on a box sit against the wall , directly under the large earthen jug of water . dave and layin ' that gun across my skull -- a ' offerin ' to drive the coach themselves . a section of the clearing - moonlight a dark , mysterious figure on a horse raise he rifle -- int . of cabin - night shot . rocklin ( nod ) it be almost as if -- a shot splinter the windowpane and shatter the earthen jug on the shelf directly above Dave 's head . the content pour down on Dave and he topple over . rocklin meanwhile have wipe the lantern off the table and duck . they be both on the floor in the faint glow come from the fireplace . rocklin ( go to Dave ) you all right ? dave ( bluster ) will be if I ever get dry . rocklin take off he hat and put he finger through two hole drill by the bullet . rocklin lookit that -- dave good Lord -- rocklin put the hat aside -- crawl over to he gun belt -- strap it on . rocklin come on -- he open the door cautiously . then sneak out , follow by Dave . ext . of cabin - moonlight - after the STORM rocklin and Dave stand close to the cabin , just clear of the door , tensely scan the surround darkness . Water can be hear drip from the cabin roof , and a owl hoot in a near - by tree . the sound of neigh horse come from the direction of the corral . both man re-act . dave my team . almost immediately the neigh be repeat , but this time from another direction entirely -- and from a distance . rocklin that 's not you team . he move to the corner of the cabin , follow by Dave . horse be stomping nervously and now it start away , gallop through the deep grass at the edge of the clear . only the lower part of the animal be see , along with the leg of the rider . rocklin and dave hear the SOUND of retreating hoof beat and they can barely make out they quarry riding hell - bent toward the deep blackness of the tree . rocklin fire and run out into the moonlight in the clear -- Dave close behind . rocklin halt -- fire again -- and again . Dave fire . the mysterious rider be now swallow by the night . Dave start after he again . look back , he see rocklin have not move . dave come on -- rocklin no use -- he 's go . dave mebbe we winge he . he start through the wet grass alone . rocklin turn back toward the cabin . dave - ploughing through the grass he have reach the edge of the clear where a slight embankment lead to the level of the tree . he be just start up to higher ground when he eye catch something on the embankment , shine in the moonlight . it prove to be a tobacco pouch bear a steer 's head of hammer sliver . it be dry , so have evidently just be drop . Dave pocket it , and proceed warily along the mystery rider 's trail . roclklin - who have just about reached the cabin he look back in Dave 's direction , and then look toward the cabin , suddenly stop and tense . the cabin door be partly OPEN and through it rocklin can plainly see a indistinct form move in the faint glow of the die fire . rocklin draw he gun and move stealthily toward the cabin door int . of cabin - night rocklin have reach the entrance unheard , and silently watch the strange figure , its back to he , now head for the fireplace with he saddlebag , take from the bunk . he see the intruder start empty he saddlebag on the bench in the light of the fire . he see he suddenly stop and pick up something hide from he view . at that instant , rocklin slam the door shut . the intruder whirl around . it be arly -- tense -- and now defiant . the two regard each other like vicious animal in the same cage . arly 's heart be pound , but you would never know it . and now rocklin , he gun away , start close in , slowly -- but arly hold she ground -- she eye never leave he . when rocklin reach arly , he take she one hand from behind she back , and slowly force it up see what be obviously Clara 's letter in she tightly clench fist . he try to open she hand , and arly , know she lack the strength to prevent it , suddenly whip out a knife with she free hand . but that quick , rocklin grab the knife hand , and without any apparent effort , wrench it free of she grasp and toss it across the room , where it land on the bunk . arly relax she grip on the letter meanwhile , and rocklin get it , and tear it very deliberately , let the piece fall at she foot . he turn he back on she now , go over to he hat on the floor . arly be furious in she helplessness and humiliation . and rocklin 's smug manner be not help any . he pick up he hat and , glance at arly , put he finger once more through the bullet hole . rocklin ( smile wryly ) not bad shootin' . arly ( right back at he ) you think I do that ? rocklin sure -- to draw we away from here . ( look at he hat ) you know , you cut it mighty close -- good thing I be not get brain enough to fill it . rocklin put he hat on . he see arly look down at the tear letter . rocklin ( suppress smile ) too bad you have to come ' way up here through that storm for nothin' . arly ( affectedly ) I have not minded a bit -- ( harshly ) -- because I come up to fire you . rocklin oh -- ( nod ) I see . rocklin go toward the bunk with he saddlebag . arly get out of here -- get off the santee and do not ever come back . rocklin mind if I wait for Dave ? he ought to be along any minute -- be funny if he winge that shadow of yours . arly if you mean Juan -- you be loco . he 's not even up here . rocklin ( mildly surprised ) you come up alone ? arly yes . rocklin ( half believe she ) then who be that we take out after ? arly the man who shot at you . rocklin sit on the bunk and casually pick up arly 's knife . rocklin who be he ? arly I do not know . rocklin you mean you will not tell . arly I mean I do not know -- why should I lie to you ? that last from arly bring a kind of smile to rocklin 's face -- a smile that say in effect -- " be you kid ? " he get up from the bunk to go to the door , and find himself still hold arly 's knife , throw it back to she in a seemingly casual manner . it pass too close to arly for comfort and , rocklin just open the door , get the knife right back -- that close to he ear he feel the breeze . he look at it , quivering in the door . then , move to arly in what could be construe as a threaten manner , he take she in he arm and kiss she . arly be catch completely unaware . rocklin 's action disarm she . but it be , after all , what she really want , so before the kiss end , arly 's arm slowly entwine themselves around rocklin 's neck . in the middle of the kiss rocklin gently but forcefully take she arm from around he neck and put she from he . rocklin I guess you forget -- you jes ' fire I . he go to the bunk -- pick up he saddlebag , coat , etc. , and start for the door . arly have be silently watch . rocklin ( turn near the open door ) so long . Dave 's voice be hear just outside the cabin door . dave' voice hey , rock -- Dave now rush through the door , puffing and excited . dave -- he get away -- but guess what , I -- he see arly and pull up abruptly . rocklin ( slowly to Dave ) you guess -- rocklin give arly a disparage side glance and start out . rocklin ( to Dave , who be try to figure thing out ) come on . ext . of cabin - night rocklin be head for the corral as Dave catch up to he . dave ( glance back to the cabin ) fer a man who 's get a despise fer wimmin , you sure do get all snaggle up with them . int . of cabin - night arly , she back to we , be stand in the open doorway watch the two head for the corral . her mood be evidence by the manner in which she suddenly slam shut the door . as she turn and lean against it , we see tear in she eye , and hear suppress sob . her eye light on the bit of tear letter , and presently we see she face set itself grimly , and now she walk toward the fireplace and , pass the tear bite of paper , kick at they viciously . fade out fade in ext . MAIN STREET - santa inez - day long shot -- of rocklin as he come riding into town . as he near the corner where the stage and harolday 's office be situate , the camera move in , get rocklin and one of the harolday employee repair the wooden sidewalk near the hitching rail . rocklin ( as he dismount ) you work for harolday ? the man nod . rocklin here 's one of he horse -- I will pick up my saddle later . he enter the building . int . harolday' office - day panning shot on harolday as he sit at the desk work on a ledger . the sound of a door open be hear . harolday look up casually as if expect a customer , then suddenly gape . camera pan to include doorway in which stand rocklin . rocklin howdy ... harolday ( frown ) I think I send you up to table - top . rocklin that 's right . harolday ( slowly ) what happen ? rocklin ( take off he hat ) well , this , for one thing . he poke a finger through the hole in the crown . harolday 's eye narrow . harolday ( after a little pause ) I tell you you would regret let that rat clews off so easy . rocklin look at he with a queer expression without replying . harolday what 's the matter ? do not you think it be he , then ? rocklin ( slowly ) I be figgerin' . do not seem reasonable clews be in condition to take that sort of chance alone ... besides -- how could he have know I be up there -- that soon . and -- George clews be not the only one I have run contrariwise to in this town . there 's that mexican , for instance . harolday Juan ? rocklin he as good as tell I yesterday that he and I be due for a run - in one of that day . ( suddenly nodd toward window ) and then there 's he ! harolday look sharply toward the window . ext . MAIN STREET - santa inez - day mo . shot from office window . clint be hurry across from the direction of the Sun - up saloon toward the office . int . outer stagecoach office - day panning shot on clint as he enter from street and cross to the door of harolday 's office . int . harolday' office - day mo . shot on door of inner office with harolday at desk in f.g . as the door open it conceal rocklin from clint . clint ( excitedly ) I just hear that -- that rocklin be -- ( see rocklin ) rocklin ( slowly ) be what ? clint ( subdued ) be shot at last night . harolday ( very calm ) Mr. rocklin be just tell I all about it . ( significantly ) any idea who might have do it ? clint look quickly at harolday and back at rocklin with frighten eye . clint not I . rocklin make no reply . clint you be not try to pin it on I ? ( he courage return ) ' Cause if you be , you be in for a big disappointment . I be over at the Sun - up play poker with the judge and the rest of the boy till early morning . if you do not believe I , ask for yourself . rocklin ( after a pause ) all right . I believe you . but that do not mean you could not tell a thing or two as would help -- if you want . clint ( very nervous again ) what d' you mean ? harolday ( sharply ) yes . what sort of thing would clint here know about , that would help identify the man who try to kill you last night ? rocklin this for one . he pull out the tobacco pouch which Dave find at table - top . rocklin ever see it before ? close shot clint as he stare wide - eye at the pouch . mo . shot group , with rocklin and harolday both watch clint intently . harolday ( harshly ) well , go on -- speak up . do you ever see it before ? clint ( avoid harolday 's eye ) no. course I do not ( suddenly raging at rocklin ) quit riding I ! I do not know nothin ' about it I tell you . jest because I have a run - in with you over a game o' card , that do not mean I would sneak up on you in the dark and ... rocklin 's disdainful smile take the speech out of clint , who just sort of run out of word . rocklin hesitates for a second then move toward the door . close shot harolday and clint be at window look past camera toward the street . they see rocklin carry he saddle , walk toward the Sun - up . Shorty Davis hail rocklin , say something to he and point to the Sun - up . rocklin leave , walk faster . harolday ( frown deeply ) he mean trouble . he turn from camera toward the desk . clint ( still at window ) aw , what do I care . harolday ( turn on he with cold fury ) listen , I never do have much use for you . you be a poor specimen at the best ; but as a would - be bad man you be nothing but a laugh stock . why , the way you lie about that pouch just now would not have deceive a six - year old . clint I ... harolday ( harshly ) all right , let it go at that . but I get myself to think of . it would not suit I at all just now to have you show up in public for what you be by that trouble - shootin ' cowhand . my advice to you be to get out of the district and stay out . ( take a key from he vest pocket ) you will find some money in the safe at the ranch . take what you need and put the key in the desk drawer . now get . int . upper hall - SUN - up SALOON - day rocklin come down the hall carry he saddle and look at the room number . as he near the f.g. he locate the room he be look for ( it be a room face toward the rear of the Sun - up ) . he knock . almost immediately the door open and Clara stand there -- flushed and embarrassed . clara oh , Mr. rocklin -- int . rocklin be room - SUN - up SALOON - day this be the room in which Clara have arrange to meet rocklin , who later take it as he own . shot at door as rocklin step into the room . clara I be so glad I have find you -- I be on my way to the santee and learn you be in town . rocklin ( put he saddle , etc. , aside ) just get in . clara I feel perfectly awful , run after you like this , but -- rocklin you get trouble , eh ? clara my aunt find out I write you and make a terrible scene -- rocklin you have not sign everything over to that garvey , have you ? clara no -- and because I refuse , auntie say she would sign a affidavit that I be still underage , and then , as my guardian she can do what she like . rocklin get anything to prove you be not underage ? clara ( after a slight pause ) no -- but Mr. garvey have a letter that would prove it . my aunt write it before we come out here . rocklin s'pose we could get it ? clara he would never give it to I . rocklin ( start for door ) wait here . clara ( with a slight start toward rocklin ) oh , please -- you -- ( she hesitates , not quite sure what to say ) you will not go get yourself in trouble -- I -- I would rather give up everything -- I mean -- rocklin note she confusion . he regards she with a slight sympathetic smile . then open the door and exit . dissolve out dissolve in int . garvey' office - day close shot -- a letter write in a bold feminine hand . it read : dear mr. garvey : in answer to you letter of the 25th , kindly be advise that my niece , Clara caldwell , become of age January 11th of this year . and , although I be no longer she legal guardian , it behoove I , as she nearest kin , to show continue interest in she affair -- the camera hold long enough for the letter to be read . and now the letter begin to be consume in a flame as the camera pull back show the burn letter in judge garvey 's hand . he be stand over the potbelly stove in he office , and miss Martin be close to he watch the letter burn . garvey finally let it fall from he finger onto the top of the stove . he lift the lid , let the remain fall inside , and smile to miss Martin . garvey that take care of that -- ( cross to he desk ) now , I will draw up a affidavit right away and everything will be take care of as we want it . miss martin ( not too enthusiastic ) I certainly hope so -- it 's not myself I be concerned about -- garvey ( get out the papers ) -- of course not . miss martin I can not say I be very happy about do this -- I only hope it work out for the best . garvey it 's the better choice of two evil -- now let 's see -- ( begin to write ) I , Elizabeth -- ( look at miss Martin ) it be Elizabeth , be not it ? miss martin yes -- garvey -- Elizabeth Martin , of danver , Massachusetts , do hereby -- the door open and rocklin enter . miss Martin , who have be pace nervously , stop in she track . garvey , take completely by surprise , feign a affect casualness . rocklin eye they both suspiciously as he slowly close the door . garvey ( lean back in he chair ) well , Mr. rocklin , this be indeed a surprise . do not expect to see you so soon . I understand you be riding for the santee . rocklin ( coldly ) that 's right . it be quite obvious to garvey that rocklin be here on business . he turn to miss Martin . garvey ( to miss Martin ) perhaps you would better come back later -- miss Martin be in accord with that suggestion , and after give rocklin the frigid eye , flounce out , slamm the door . garvey shake he head , wipe he brow , and be return to he desk . int . hallway outside garvey' office - day shot -- door to garvey 's office . miss Martin have she ear glue to the panel . over scene come rocklin 's voice . rockline voice I come for that letter . miss Martin react . int . of garvey' office - day shot -- garvey and rocklin . garvey ( calmly ) do you say letter ? rocklin that 's right -- the one miss caldwell 's aunt write from out east sayin ' she be of age . remember ? garvey no -- I be afraid I do not . int . hallway outside garvey' office - day shot -- door. miss Martin react with nod of satisfaction and leave . int . garvey' office - day rocklin go to the filing cabinet where he open the drawer mark " C . " as he finger through the papers , garvey sit back in he chair , watch . garvey what be you interest in this letter ? rocklin my only interest be get ' it . garvey you realize what this be , do not you ? -- robbing -- armed robbery at that . rocklin pull open the " m " drawer . garvey I warn you , you be in for a disappointment . not find the letter in the " m " drawer , rocklin go to the desk and pull the handle of one of the drawer . it be lock . rocklin open up . garvey ( have have about enough ) listen , you -- ( suddenly control himself ) there 's nothing in there that would interest you . rocklin ( grimly ) I would like to make up my own mind about that . garvey ( force a chuckle ) all right -- I will open it -- just to convince you I be not hide any letter . garvey unlock the drawer and open it . it be find to contain nothing but two brand new deck of play card . the unopened deck of card . back to scene . garvey seem a little too anxious to close the drawer , and before he can do so , rocklin have one hand inside . garvey , check for a second , look up at rocklin . garvey what 's the idea ? rocklin slowly withdraw he hand , hold one of the deck . rocklin this card -- garvey ( attempt to bluff it out ) anything wrong in a man have card in he possession ? rocklin depend on what kind they be -- 'specially when they be under lock and key . the two regard each other silently a moment . now rocklin casually slip the deck he hold into he pocket . garvey ( too politely ) you be take that , I presume . rocklin that 's right . he take a step away . garvey turn he by touch he arm . garvey ( have have almost enough ) now , you look here -- rocklin ( soberly ) you be the one who better start lookin ' -- lookin ' for a way out for killin' Red caldwell . garvey ( blanch ) caldwell -- rocklin ( take up one of the deck of card ) he find out about this -- and you go and kill he . garvey ( with a affect smile and unnatural calmness ) and you believe a story like that ? rocklin I will until I hear a better one . ( put deck he hold , in he pocket ) I will just take this along -- the district judge at Garden City should be mighty interested . he start around the desk toward the door . from the corner of he eye he catch garvey reach for a gun in the middle drawer . before he can raise it , rocklin be on he with a blow that send garvey reeling back toward the stove . rocklin start for the door again , and just miss be strike by a chair which garvey hurl with vicious fury . the chair crash against a window . ext . STREET in front of garvey' office - day the sound of break glass attract the attention of passer - by , as well as miss Martin seat in she surrey with sammy , the K.C. China -boy . int . of garvey' office - day the two be now fight in earnest . various flash of the fight , intercut with townspeople gather outside . ext . STREET in front of garvey' office - day Dave pull up in he wagon . int . of garvey' office - day it be pretty well wreck . rocklin have garvey just about do in . he give he one final Sunday punch and garvey go down and stay down . at that moment , Dave and pap fossler enter follow by other curious native . dave say -- look like you two be disagreein ' ' bout something ' -- ( to fossler , who have go over to garvey ) he be not day , be he ? pap fossler not permanently , I do not reckon . -- what happen , anyways ? dave ( to rocklin ) you musta find out somethin' . pap fossler ( with a wink to Dave ) I reckon the judge do , too . they exit , and almost immediately miss Martin enter , and after gape in horror at the appearance of the place , see the judge , who , have regain consciousness , bestir himself on the floor . miss martin oh , dear -- dear -- be you hurt ? garvey ( get up painfully ) get out of my way -- garvey , on he foot now , make for the door lead to he live quarter at the back of the office . miss Martin follow he . miss martin ( haughtily ) now do not you use that tone of voice to I -- ( go through doorway ) I will have you understand I -- she see the bed and shriek upon realize where she be , and back out quickly , almost catch the door which garvey slam in she face . ext . MAIN STREET - santa inez - day rocklin and Dave as they walk from garvey 's office . Dave have a time hopping along against rocklin 's stride . dave -- find out who own that tobaccy pouch yet ? rocklin ( stare straight ahead ) no -- but get hold of clint harolday . dave clint -- be he in on it ? rocklin can not say for sure -- bring he to the Sun - up , and do not take no for a answer . Dave leave and exit from shot in the direction of the stage office . rocklin go off toward the sun- up . ext . SUN - up SALOON - day panning shot . Juan be loung against the corner of the building , soberly watch rocklin 's approach . as rocklin come into the scene he spot Juan , and stop a moment as though decide whether or not to question he . during this , Juan casually take he ornamental tobacco pouch from he pocket and begin to roll a cigarette . the camera pan rocklin to the side of the building and up the outer stair . int . upper hall - SUN - up SALOON - day rocklin come through the door and down the hall . he reach he room , and be about to open the door when he hear a familiar voice inside . he listen . arly' voice -- so now you know the truth . and if you think you can steal he away from I , you be welcome to try it . rocklin frown and enter . int . rocklin be room - SUN - up SALOON - day rocklin step into the room , hold the door partly open as he focus he attention on arly . Clara , who have be sit in the rocker near the window , get up and be the first to speak . clara ( anxiously ) do you get it ? rocklin close the door . rocklin no -- but I do not think it 's gonna matter much -- you go on back to the K.C. and I will be out in the mornin ' and take you with I to Garden City to see the district judge . clara but I hate put you to that trouble . rocklin no trouble at all -- I be go anyway . arly ( casually ) you look like you have be fight . rocklin ( soberly ) what be you doin ' here ? arly I be just tell miss caldwell about -- well -- you and I . rocklin ( he eye narrowing ) what about , you a ' I ? clara ( sense the static in the atmosphere ) I think I would better be go ... rocklin ( turn quickly from arly ) just a minute -- ( glance at arly ) what all have she be tellin ' you ? clara ( embarrassed ) oh -- oh , really I would rather not -- arly ( interrupt ) go ahead , tell he -- ( look at rocklin and go on defiantly ) -- and I dare he to deny it . rocklin deny what ? clara that she be with you last night at the cabin in the mountain . rocklin well -- why should I deny it ?... arly ( quickly ) and do not you make love to I ? rocklin ( this be get a bit thick for he ) make love to you -- arly ( force she point ) you do not kiss I -- I suppose ? rocklin do you expect I to deny that , too ? arly ( smile at Clara ) you see ? rocklin ( to Clara ) now , maybe you ought to hear what I have get to say -- Clara be terribly hurt , but struggle to be grow - up about it . clara please -- you need not explain . after all , it really be not any of my business , be it ? rocklin ( in the pause he look at arly ) you little -- arly ( quickly ) that 's it -- start swearin ' -- ( to Clara ) just like a man . rocklin if there be not a lady here , I would do more to you than swear . clara I do not know how I can ever thank you for try to help I . I do appreciate it ever so much -- ( to arly ) do not think too harshly of I , will you -- I -- Clara can say no more without break . so she turn away quickly and hurry out the door . rocklin do a slow burn as he glare at arly . arly ( sincerely -- after a pause ) she 's lovely , be not she ? -- so sweet -- honest , and helpless . rocklin make no reply . arly pity you do not fall in love with she , instead of I . arly be be ridiculous now . he ignore she remark and concentrate he attention on one of he hand -- he may have sprain it slightly in the fight . rocklin you might 's well know right now that you or no woman be ever goin ' to get I . arly do not be so sure -- I do not think I be doin ' so badly . rocklin do not you ? arly do not you know ? rocklin I know there be not a dirty trick you would not play to get what you want . arly ( smile ) I always get what I want . she take a fold piece of paper out of she pocket and drop it on the dresser as rocklin watch she . arly -- see ? ( open the door ) -- ' bye now -- the door close . rocklin stand a moment . now curiosity bring he to the dresser where he take up the paper and unfold it . clara' letter . the tear piece have all be sort and paste together on a sheet of paper back to scene . rocklin hold the letter . he be mad . he shake he head -- what a gal --- now he be almost smile -- almost . he fold the letter -- put it in he pocket . take off he gun - belt and hang it over the rocker near the window , and stretch out on the bed , as we fade out fade in ext . caldwell house - late afternoon on Clara hurry toward the front door in a suppress state of excitement . she have presumably just arrive at the ranch in advance of miss Martin . she enter the house after a glance toward the gate . int . hall - caldwell house - late afternoon Clara enter hastily and beat a path to the door of she room . int . clara' room - caldwell house - late afternoon the door fly open . Clara burst in , close the door in the same movement . her eye swing to someone o.s. and she freeze to the spot . on miss Martin , stand by the window , cold and threaten . she have not take the time to remove she hat . after a moment 's pause , she move slowly toward Clara . the camera pan with she into a two shot . Clara , she back press harder and harder against the door , become more terrify at the other 's approach . miss Martin appraise the girl a short moment and now suddenly slap she hard across the face . Clara open she mouth , about to scream , but even stifles this impulse under the cold stare of she aunt . miss martin ( quietly but viciously ) whatever be to become of you ? Clara can only stare as one under a hypnotic spell . miss martin have you no sense of pride , or decency ? throw yourself at that -- that wretch , like any shameless hussy . Clara have not move . miss martin I think we would do with he -- but no -- you have to run to he and tell he all we business -- Clara merely gasp for a breath of air , but miss Martin , think she about to speak , go on , more forcefully now . miss martin do not you dare deny it -- you know very well you tell he about that letter I write Mr. garvey . Clara remain silent . miss martin do not you ? -- Clara , now utterly break , move away . miss Martin , she eye still rivite on the girl , follow . miss martin do not you ? dissolve int . garvey' office - late afternoon the office have be more or less clean up since the fight . garvey be discover near the window . he have clean himself up but bear some evidence of the fight . he be read a letter as sammy , the k.c . China -boy , stand wait near the door . letter . the message be write in the same bold hand of miss Martin already see in the previous letter : Mr. garvey , I have just learn that despicable rocklin person intend to take Clara to Garden City in the morning -- evidently to have you investigate . I think you have better know about it . e.m . back to scene . garvey put the message in he pocket as he address sammy . garvey tell miss Martin that I will take care of everything . sammy -- you take clare of evelything . dissolve out dissolve in int . rocklin be room - night on rocklin , stretch across the bed , examine the card in the light of a lamp . ext . rear of SUN - up SALOON - night garvey come from around the building 's corner and peer furtively through the darkness toward the light window of rocklin 's room . ext . MAIN STREET - santa inez - night the area in front of the Sun - up . Dave 's wagon pull up to the hitching rail in front of the saloon . clint , stripped of he gun , be drive with Dave , alertly watch he . they get down from the wagon and Dave prod clint toward the corner of the building . ext . side of SUN - up SALOON - night garvey have leave the spot where we see he look up to rocklin 's window . we now see he as he round a rear corner of the building and go toward the outer stair lead to the sun- up 's second floor . he start up the step and stop almost immediately and stare o.s . angel from garvey 's angle as he see Dave bring clint from around in front of the building toward the stairway . camera hold garvey step quickly to the ground and take up a position around the roar corner . he watch the two man approach the stairway and go up . he move out of the shot now , go toward the street . the camera hold on the corner , and we see tala come into view , as though from nowhere , and take the exact position at the building 's corner vacate by garvey only a moment before . it be apparent that he be watch garvey , and after a momentary pause he too move stealthily out of the scene . int . rocklin be room - SUN - up SALOON - night panning shot on rocklin asleep . he be fully dress , as we last see he , with the exception of he boot . he be stretch full length on top of the cover . his gun - belt still hang over the rocker , close to the open window . a knock on the door bring he to a sit position . rocklin come in -- camera pan to door as clint enter reluctantly , follow by the triumphant Dave . dave here he be , rock . caught he jist in time near the santee . headed fer out , I would say . rocklin sit down , clint . ( to Dave , as he reach into he pocket ) how about goin ' down below a ' havin ' one on I ? he toss Dave a coin , who catch it . then rocklin put on he boot . dave ( delighted ) well , now -- that 's right thoughtful -- holler if you need I . Dave exit . clint ( belligerently , as he stand near the window ) what 's this all about ? rocklin ( calmly , as he stand up ) it be not gonna do you any good to get all het up and tough , kid -- rocklin begin roll a cigarette as he move toward clint . rocklin I just want to ask you a few question -- that 's all . ext . side of SUN - up SALOON - night a unidentifiable form be see move through the darkness toward the outer stairway . as it near the stairway , the camera move in so that as the mysterious figure begin stealthily up the stair , we see only the foot through the rung . the camera then pan quickly and zoom into a close shot of Juan , across the alley . and now through Juan 's eye we watch the ascent of the mysterious intruder : the mexican 's line of vision gradually raise , then the eye slowly move across the camera as the dark figure proceed along to the rear portion of the verandah . int . rocklin be room - SUN - up SALOON - night rocklin finish roll he cigarette and light it . clint I tell you once , I do not know who own that pouch -- and I do not know who shot you . rocklin ( calmly ) forget it -- that 's not what I want to talk to you about , anyway . clint ( harshly ) well , what do you want to talk about ? come on , get it over with . ext . verandah - rear of SUN - up SALOON - night the mysterious form have move past the darken window along the verandah and be near rocklin 's light room -- stop close to the open window . int . rocklin be room - SUN - up SALOON - night shot -- rocklin and clint . rocklin clint -- I want you to tell I why garvey murder Red caldwell -- clint tense -- stare -- find breathe difficult . rocklin you know -- do not you ? clint ( shaking ) me? no ! rocklin oh yes you do . ( advance on he ) and you be go to tell I all about it . clint I do not know nothing , I tell you -- I -- rocklin slap clint 's face open-handed , throw he off balance , then grab he by the shirt front . rocklin talk ! clint I tell ya , I ... rocklin ( hit he again ) talk ! completely terrify , clint open he mouth as if about to speak . suddenly he see something out of the shot over rocklin 's shoulder and he expression change . rocklin look quickly in the same direction . mo . shot window . a glove hand have come out of the dark and be reach through the window for rocklin 's gun in the belt which be hang over the chair . close shot clint and rocklin . the latter be still look toward the window . with a swift movement clint pick up the water jug from the washstand and bring it down on rocklin 's head . as rocklin fall out of shot , clint turn to the window with a triumphant smile . suddenly he expression change . clint ( in a hoarse scream ) no ! no , do not ! there be a shot from o.s. and clint 's hand go to he stomach . with a gasp of pain he double up and collapse on the floor . shot window . the hand of the killer pitch the gun toward rocklin and disappear . int . bar - SUN - up SALOON - night line up at the bar be Dave , pap fossler , Shorty Davis and a few other . cap be in he usual place . at the poker table be Doc Riding , Sam haynes , ab Jenkins and one or two other . the shot have evidently be hear , for everything seem to have stop , and Dave and pap fussier be look up toward the ceiling , as be other . now Dave snap back to life -- gulp down he drink , and hurry toward the stair . as he start up , the other move slowly in the same direction . int . rocklin be room - SUN - up SALOON - night rocklin be on the floor , groggy . he shake he head , and as he sense return , he pick up the gun and just get to he foot as Dave rush in . Dave see clint 's body on the floor -- notice the gun in rocklin 's hand . he open he mouth to speak but nothing come out . all he can do be stare and grimace . the sound of hurry foot come from the hall , and presently the mob close in , crowd the room and the hall . pap fossler , who have be one of the first to enter , kneel over clint . during this , there be general ad lib from the crowd . ad lib what happen ? who be it ? clint harolday -- etc. pap fossler where 's Doc Riding ? ad lib get the doc. hey , Doc -- he be down below . here he be . Doc 's voice be hear from the hall as he make he way through the jam . doc riding's voice here I be -- ad lib look out , man -- let the Doc through . etc. Doc riding come through the crowd , kneel beside pap fossler . he need only a glance to know he can be of no use . doc riding ( break the silence ) somebody better fetch harolday . cap Shorty 's already go for he . pap fossler ( get up ) better get arly , too . a voice be hear from the hall . voice she be at the hotel a while ago . pap fossler ( look down at clint and shaking he head ) he be only a kid . close shot rocklin , still hold he gun as he stare down at clint 's body o.s . now he study the face of the mob . panning shot of the crowd . there be nothing but a sea of hostile face . jackson' voice what 's goin ' on here -- gang way -- the crowd part to admit Jackson , who come stalking in follow by judge garvey . jackson what 's the trouble here -- he stop abruptly as he see clint 's body . now he level he eye on rocklin . jackson ( with a bitter smile ) I warn you , do not I ? -- well , I guess this be the last trouble you will ever make in this town . ( extend he hand ) Hand over that gun . rocklin just a minute , now -- he step back so no one be behind he . and there be something about he manner and tone that urge Jackson to use discretion . rocklin ( to the crowd , generally ) I know it look bad -- but I do not kill the kid . the crowd stare in skeptical silence . even Dave think rocklin be lie , and now do he best to protect he friend . dave I believe you . ( to the other ) his gun be layin ' over there on the floor when I come in and -- rocklin ( cut in ) no it be not -- it be right in my hand -- like it be now . Dave wince . jackson if you do not know he -- then who do ? rocklin I do not know -- ( look at garvey ) but I be go to find out . int . upper hall - SUN - up SALOON - night harolday , follow by Shorty Davis , be make he way down the hall from the inner stair landing . as he near the crowd gather at rocklin 's door , Juan come into view down the hall , have just enter through the door lead out onto the verandah . harolday ( as he near rocklin 's door ) where be he ? -- where 's my boy ? int . rocklin be room - SUN - up SALOON - night harolday enter , over the ad lib of the mob , follow by Shorty Davis . during the follow action , Juan enter and stand near the door , silently take in everything . close shot harolday , as he see clint 's body and stop dead in horror . he turn to rocklin . harolday ( with cold violence ) you murderer . rocklin I do not do it , Mr. harolday . harolday ( quickly ) then who do ? voice ( from crowd ) he have a gun in he hand when we come in . garvey ( smoothly ) and I will bet it 's the same one the bullet that kill clint come out of . rocklin give garvey a hard , slow look . harolday well , what do you say to that ? rocklin he 's right . garvey you admit it . rocklin yeah -- but that still do not say I kill he . ad lib aw , take he away -- liar -- lock he up , sheriff -- the yellow - belly -- etc. on arly as she push her way through the crowd she stare down at clint . a expression of pity come over she . now she look coldly at rocklin . arly ( softly ) why do you do it ? mo . shot with rocklin in f.g. rocklin I do not . garvey he admit it be he gun that shot he . arly ( whose eye have not leave rocklin 's ) but you do not fire it . rocklin that 's right . arly what happen ? rocklin ( slowly ) clint and I be have a bit of a argument . arly ( quickly ) what about ? rocklin ( search for word ) about whether he be go to help clear up a few thing that 's be bother I and some other ' round this part . ( look at garvey ) for instance -- who it be shot Red caldwell . jackson caldwell ! rocklin ( still at garvey ) and the K.C. foreman . and who take that shot at I up at table - top last night . and why certain people be so anxious to get rid of the caldwell girl . pap fossler how would clint know about all that ? harolday ( harshly ) he 's lie . he 's try to cover up for kill my boy . jackson ( encourage by the support ) quit stalling , rocklin . he make a tentative movement toward rocklin but arly intervene . arly wait a minute -- he 's get a right to be hear . ( to rocklin ) well , we be listenin' . rocklin well -- clint be get ' all set to talk , when -- somebody snuck up along the verandah there and pull the gun out o' my belt ... ( indicate the belt on chair ) ... and let he have it . there be a moment 's amaze silence . then the crowd break into derisive comment . ad lib what a story ! what a alibi ! string he up , the heel ! etc. jackson ( grin ) you will have to think up something better than that rocklin . mo . shot with garvey in f.g. garvey ( smoothly ) do not be a fool , rocklin . you know you can not get away with a yarn like that . why do not you save yourself and everyone else a lot of trouble by surrender to the sheriff ? after all , it be not such a crime in this part to kill a man in self - defense . rocklin self-defense ? garvey everyone know what clint be like . he probably lose he head and pull a gun on you , like he do at the Sun - up that night . be not that it ? rocklin ( grimly ; after a little pause ) no , that be not it . and till I do what I get to do , I be not surrenderin ' to anybody -- least of all to you pal here . ( indicate sheriff ) if I get to be shot for know too much , it be not go to be in the back , in a frame - up jail - break . close shot arly , who have be stare at rocklin in frown bewilderment . arly but if someone 's try to kill you , why do not they do it just now ? why do they have to kill clint ? close shot rocklin . rocklin guess they want to get clint , too . doin ' it this way they get we both . clint first -- a ' I afterwards -- like I jus ' say . mo . shot with garvey in f.g. Close beside he be pap and Dave , who watch garvey closely . pap fossler quit fancy talk . who 's " they ? " rocklin I might be able to tell you that later . jackson ( quickly ) no you will not -- because you be comin ' with I . rocklin ( raise he gun ) be I ? the crowd tense . rocklin eye they grimly . rocklin the first one that move -- get it . he move over to the open window , and with he gun levele on the mob , step out onto the verandah . once outside , he suddenly let the window fall and disappear . a shot from Jackson 's gun shatter a pane , during which time there have be a rush to the window . it be arly and Dave who reach it first , and feign a attempt to raise the window , they momentarily delay pursuit . at the door leading from the room there be the inevitable jam as the push , yell crowd all try to exit at once . ext . rear of SUN - up SALOON - night rocklin , as he pick himself off the ground , have drop from the verandah . he start quickly away . ext . window of rocklin be room - night shoot into the room , we see arly and Dave shove to one side by Jackson and garvey . the window go up and Jackson step out , follow by garvey , harolday , arly , Dave , and other . int . upper hall - SUN - up SALOON - night the human jam have be break , and now the mob dash wildly toward the stairway , and verandah exit in the b.g. ext . SUN - up SALOON - night the hitching rail in front of the Sun - up . there be a dozen or so horse tie up to it and close to it be Dave 's team and wagon . rocklin come from around the corner of the building and race to the hitching rail . top of outside stair Jackson and garvey come from around the corner of the porch follow by harolday , arly , Dave , and other . at the stair they collide with some of the man who have race down the hall , only to reach the stairway at the same moment . there be another jam on the landing as the mob all try to get down at once . rocklin at the hitching rail he have cut the line of the horse tie to the rail . we see he cut the last line and fire into the air . the horse rare and stampede . the mob - with jackson and garvey leading - come from around the build and now there be a state of utter confusion as the mob and horse rush in all direction as the man try to retrieve they mount . rocklin be no where in evidence . garvey and jackson - as harolday join they near dave' wagon harolday ( sarcastically ) well , sheriff -- you certainly be to be congratulate . jackson ( harass ) look , Mr. harolday -- you see what happen -- garvey ( deeply concerned ) never mind that -- let 's get go for Garden City -- that 's where he 's head for . harolday you sure ? garvey I be positive . Dave climb into he wagon behind the group as Jackson exit quickly . ext . stage office - santa inez - night at hitching rail . there be four or five horse tie up here . arly and Juan enter and mount they horse , and almost immediately garvey and harolday come hurry into the scene after two of the other horse . arly ( shout from she horse ) where do you think he 's go ? before either of the two man can answer , Jackson 's voice be hear shouting o.s. jackson' voice all right , man -- follow I -- the camera pan around , get Jackson , now mount , as other come riding in . he rare he horse around and start away follow by the mob , include we principal . they do not get very far when Dave 's wagon come into the shot , go hell - bent in pursuit . ext . road near edge of santa inez - night the posse riding hard , with Dave 's wagon follow . close shot Dave , half stand as he urge he team on . behind he be the close flap of the wagon top . wider angle as a hand reach out from between the flap and grasp the rein . Dave take it , and look wildly around -- fall back on the seat . on rocklin - as he head come from between the flap camera pull back to include Dave , smile broadly . rocklin be pull hard on the rein . dave I mighta know you would do something ' like this . ( as rocklin slow the team ) what be we doin ' ? rocklin headin ' for the K.C. with that rocklin start swinging the team around . on the wagon as it swing around and become lost in the distant night wipe int . hall - caldwell house - night sammy , the china-boy , be nervously knock on miss Martin 's door . it open and miss Martin be see slip a robe over she long mother Hubbard nightgown , with cap to match . miss martin ( impatiently ) now -- what be it ? sammy point o.s . -- miss Martin look and freeze . as she move down the hall , the camera pan with she until it get two man stand near the entrance door . now the camera move in to a three shot and we recognize George clews and he brother , bob. Bob , he wrist bandage , take off he hat at miss Martin 's approach , and George notice , do likewise . GEORGE clews the name 's clews , mar 'am -- Mr. garvey send we out -- bob clews ( eagerly ) Said you be expectin' trouble with that rocklin . miss martin I am. ( acidly to George ) -- but I be wonder if you be up to it . I notice you do not fare so well with he yesterday . bob clews he be drunk -- GEORGE clews ( quickly ) yeah -- but I be sober now . miss martin well , see that you stay that way . GEORGE clews do not worry , mar 'am -- I have jus ' bin waitin ' to get even with that saddle - bum . he open the door . bob clews ( with that oily smile ) we will be close - by . GEORGE clews ( confidently ) you bet . they start out . int . clara' bedroom - caldwell house - night Clara be see in she nightgown , listen at the door to she room . the sound of the outer door close come over the scene and she hurry to she bed and feign sleep , and just in time , for the door open and miss Martin stick she head in , and satisfied that Clara be sleep , exit . dissolve ext . highway - road to garden CITY - night a raspy voice be hear come out of the darkness sing a ribald song of the period . and now Old Zeke , riding he burro , come into view . as he pass close to the camera , we pan and get the posse come out of the darkness in the opposite direction Zeke be travel . as the posse pull up to Zeke , the camera move in on a group include Zeke , Jackson , garvey , harolday . jackson see anybody ridin ' hard for Garden City . zeke Bin on the road since sundown -- be not see a livin ' soul -- be he man or beast . jackson he mighta take the cutoff through jaw bone Canyon . harolday after that storm ? -- he would never make it . garvey there 's only one other place he might have go -- the K.C. jackson you think so ? garvey ( very definitely ) I be positive . harolday that 's what you say before . jackson ( shouting to the posse milling around ) to the K.C. , man . the posse swing around and start back toward Santa inez . arly and juan arly watch the posse , then turn to Juan . arly ( excitedly ) take I through the canyon . juan it be dangerous , senorita . arly but if we get through we will beat they to the K.C. juan you would risk you life for senor rocklin ? arly do not answer in word . but Juan see the answer in she eye . now she toss she head defiantly and swing she horse off the road in the direction of the canyon . Juan watch a moment , then spur he mount after she , as we dissolve int . clara' bedroom - caldwell house - dawn on Clara , toss fitfully in she bed . suddenly she sit up as a idea begin to take form in she mind . now she hurry out of bed , move stealthily to the door and go out , leave she door open . int . hall - caldwell house - dawn on door to miss Martin 's room . Clara come down the hall to the door . she put she ear close and listen . now she open it cautiously and peer inside . the door to she room be slam o.s. by a sporadic draft . it startles the girl and she quickly close miss Martin 's door and hurry away . ext . highway - dawn on the posse , riding hell - bent . ext . jaw bone canyon - dawn arly and julio , as they slowly pick they way along the difficult trail , skirt a roaring torrent . julio be lead and close behind he arly be have a time negotiate the unsteady ground of a landslide . arly and julio as they stand close to a dangerously forbidding portion of jaw bone canyon she notice julio stare o.s. and slowly shaking he head . arly afraid ? julio nod he head slowly , deliberately . julio only for you -- you must not do this -- I will go through from here alone . a faint smile of admiration brushes arly 's face . arly no , -- we be go through together . arly lash she horse away . julio realize the futileness of further plead and now move he horse out after arly . ext . road near kc ranch - dawn the wagon with Dave and rocklin come out of the night . close shot Dave be drive the team for all it be worth . rocklin be look back . he turn to Dave . rocklin you can ease up now . dave we be just about there . wipe out wipe in ext . entrance to kc ranch - dawn a wooden gate be swing close across the roadway . on the gate be a crudely print weather - beat sign : K.C. ranch . over the scene come the SOUND of the wagon approach . the wagon pull up to the gate rocklin hop out , open the gate . Dave drive the wagon through . as rocklin let go the gate , it swing close of its own accord . ext . shed - kc ranch - dawn the shed be a short distance from the caldwell house . Bob clews be stand at a corner of the shed look o.s . over the scene come the SOUND of the wagon . bob clews ( peer into shed ) hey , George -- George , get up . ext . kc ranch - dawn the wagon move slowly through the cottonwood , along the drive not far from the house . it stop now , and the camera move closer to get Dave and rocklin as they leave the team and start stealthily toward the house see in the moonlight in the b.g . int . clara' bedroom - caldwell house - dawn we pick up Clara in the act of nervously pin on she hat in the dim light of a small lamp . she be fully dress , and once the hat be on , she look around anxiously for she top coat which she find in the closet . she take the coat and start hurriedly toward the lamp , sit on a small taboret near the door . as she bend over to blow it out , she eye raise and she freeze . miss martin have just opened the door and stand there staring icily for a long moment now she snap the door close without remove she eye from Clara , and start forward . the camera pull back to include the two . Clara stand as one under a hypnotic spell . miss martin ( in a very low tone ) you vile , ungrateful strumpet -- run away in the night , like a deceitful sneak - thief -- clara ( unrestrained ) yes -- I be run away -- and it 's all you fault -- you be the one who 's be deceitful and sneaking -- and do not think I do not know what you intend do . miss martin ( very control ) -- and do not think I do not know what you intend do . clara ( cry , as she move away ) I do not care -- I be not ashamed of it -- and nothing you can say or do be go to stop I . miss martin ( hardly above a whisper ) you little fool -- if you go to Garden City with that man -- you stand to lose everything . clara ( stop pace ) but why ? -- why be you be so secretive ? -- if you know something , why do not you tell I ? on dave and rocklin at the window listening dave ( nod and mumble to himself ) yeah -- why do not you ? -- rocklin quickly shush Dave . on miss martin and clara miss martin ( unmindful of the presence of the man ) all right , I will tell you -- rocklin be a nephew of the late Mr. caldwell . and , as nearest of kin , he stand to get everything -- accord to the will . because you be not the old man 's niece , but only he grand - niece . dave and rocklin at the window listening - rocklin soberly - dave wild - eyed miss martin' voice rocklin turn up unexpectedly -- clara' voice and you and Mr. garvey know the truth all the time ? miss martin' voice yes . if Dave keep quiet any longer he will burst . he spin rocklin around and speak in he natural voice . dave -- and you know the truth all the time , too -- do not you ? -- no wonder you stick around -- from rocklin 's expression it be quite apparent to Dave that he be right . clara and miss martin both woman be stare dumbly toward the window . now the realization that she have be overhear stagger miss Martin . she utter a stifle scream and , see rocklin start through the window , run from the room . rocklin - just inside the room - turn to dave rocklin get in here and take care of she . Dave scramble through the window and hurry in pursuit of miss Martin . rocklin be at Clara 's side . ext . caldwell house - dawn bushes near the house . George and Bob clews be crouch , watch . GEORGE clews come on -- they move out . ext . road between santa inez and the kc ranch - dawn the posse riding hard . ext . jaw bone canyon - dawn we see arly and julio as they descend a steep embankment toward the raging torrent . they both be riding julio 's horse . close shot arly and julio ; arly seat behind julio , considerably dishevel and sobbing . julio ( comfortingly ) you be cry , senorita --? arly ( lie bravely ) no. julio ( know she be ) it be too bad we lose you horse . she be good horse , for sure . arly if only we make it in time . as they move away into a longer shot , a huge boulder come crash down the canyon side , across they path , and tumble with a great roar and splash into the torrent . int . clara' bedroom - caldwell house - dawn Clara be talk feverishly to rocklin . clara -- and I hear one of they tell my aunt not to worry , that he be just as anxious as she be to get even with you . Dave enter from the hall carry miss Martin over he shoulder . he have she wrap in a sheet and bound up in tassle curtain cord . dave ( as Clara and rocklin react ) this be the only way I could handle she . rocklin the clews be around here some place -- garvey send them out . close two shot George and Bob clews at the window . George have he gun levele , and a dirty smile twist he face . GEORGE clews you bet we be around . the camera pull back as George clews climb into the room , follow by Bob . they disarm both rocklin and Dave as Clara watch helplessly , and miss Martin struggle in she wrapping . GEORGE clews ( to Bob ) untie she . bob clews ( to Dave ) untie she . Dave put miss Martin down and begin undoing she as Bob cover he with he gun . ext . road between santa inez and the kc ranch - dawn the posse riding . ext . mouth of jaw bone canyon - flat country - dawn arly and Juan leave the hazardous trail behind and now start across the flat on a run . int . clara' bedroom - caldwell house - dawn Dave have unwrapped miss Martin and she get to she foot bristle . GEORGE clews ( to Bob ) now tie he up . ( indicate Dave ) miss martin ( quickly , as she pick up the tassle cord ) I will take part in this -- you -- you hairy beast . Bob clews toss the sheet over Dave 's head . and as Dave struggle , rocklin and GEORGE clews rocklin think he have George off guard and make a pass at he . but George be on the alert and strike rocklin on the head with he pistol . on clara as rocklin goe down she utter a choke cry and fall to the floor in a faint . wider angle as miss Martin come to Clara and kneel beside she . miss martin help I get she to the bed . full shot of the room . Bob clews have Dave securely tie , and now assist miss Martin in get Clara to the bed . GEORGE clews ( indicate rocklin on the floor ) what will we do with them ? miss martin take they in to Mr. garvey and tell he I must see he at once . bob clews ( triumphantly ) we will dump they right in the judge 's lap . George clews pick up the unconscious rocklin . miss martin ( still administer to Clara ) have not you better tie he , too ? GEORGE clews ( to Bob , after a second 's pause ) get some more rope . Bob hurry to do so . ext . road to the kc ranch - dawn the posse riding . ext . kc ranch - dawn Dave 's wagon . Bob clews be see dump Dave into the rear of the wagon . George clews stand near he with rocklin 's unconscious form over he shoulder . now he put rocklin in . GEORGE clews get we horse and meet I at the gate . Bob run after the horse . George get onto the wagon seat -- swing the team around and head for the gate . ext . flat land near the kc ranch - dawn arly and Juan riding hard . ext . entrance to the kc ranch - dawn George clews sit in the wagon wait for Bob , who now come out of the darkness with they horse . he dismount , tie the horse to the back of the wagon , come around in front to the gate . he be about to swing it open when he look past the camera at arly and Juan , who now pull up to the outside of the gate . arly dismount quickly , she gun in she hand . Bob clews back up toward the wagon as arly walk through gate . close shot of arly . close shot George clews on the wagon seat . he be smile and be go to try to bluff it out . GEORGE clews ( to arly ) what be you doin ' with that gun , arly ? close shot arly . arly get down from there before I show you . int . of wagon - dawn rocklin have regain consciousness and listen . GEORGE clews ' voice now listen , arly -- this be not you wagon -- arly' voice neither be it yours -- get down out of there -- before I knock you down . rocklin recognize arly 's voice . now he raise himself up over the tailboard and fall out . ext . rear of wagon - dawn the horse tie in back shy as rocklin fall to the ground . ext . front of wagon - dawn arly , as she take it and start toward the rear of the wagon . bob clews - stand close to GEORGE - who be still on the seat - sees he chance to get arly and slowly reach for he gun he no more than get it out when a knife whirl in from o.s. , get he in the small of the back . juan he sit calmly astride he horse , he gun levele on George clews . ext . rear of wagon - dawn arly be cut the rope bind rocklin . arly -- and they be head this way and should get here any minute -- rocklin get to he foot . arly notice something shine on the ground where rocklin lay . she pick it up . it be the tobacco pouch with the steer 's head of hammer silver . arly where would you get this ? rocklin ( take the pouch ) that belong to the man who shot at I on table - top -- Dave find it . int . of wagon - dawn on Dave 's wrapped form , kick the wagon tailboard . arly 's head appear between the flap above the tailboard and as Dave groan and kick , she take she knife and slit the rope bind he . ext . front of wagon - dawn rocklin have come to George clew and we see he wrest the gun from he hand and yank George down from the wagon seat . once down , he let he have a hard right that send he sprawling . on GEORGE clews getting up off the ground and rocklin close in they start fight viciously . arly rush in cry wildly . arly ( try to stop rocklin ) you have get to get away -- they will be here -- they will catch you -- close shot rocklin . there be but one think in he enraged mind -- clews . he tear into he again . on arly as dave join her arly ( frantically ) you have get to stop he -- he 's get to get away . the fight - as dave and arly futilely attempt to break it up on dave as he get in the way of one that sit he down on the fight as rocklin get in a sunday punch that send GEORGE backward into a shallow ditch out of sight on GEORGE clews lying unconscious in the ditch ext . road near the kc ranch - dawn the posse approach . ext . front of wagon - dawn rocklin , arly , Dave , rocklin be about do in from the fight . dave ( anxiously ) come on -- let 's git goin ' -- rocklin ( as he walk to wagon ) where 's the girl ? dave back at the house -- rocklin we have get to get she . arly you have not time -- they be come -- do not you believe I ? -- rocklin ( to Dave ) come on -- arly 's plea go unheeded and he start away toward the house on the run . dave ( mutter ) stubborn as a ole mule . ( shout ) you be puttin ' a rope around you neck -- Dave run after rocklin . arly and juan - arly climbing hurriedly up onto the wagon seat arly get he -- ( indicate Bob clews ) -- out of sight , and follow I . she take up the rein now and swing the team around and off the road into the thickness of the tree . ext . caldwell house - dawn rocklin and Dave . they be approach the house warily . dave ( softly ) but what will we do with the ole lady ? rocklin anything you like . dave I would like to pizen she . ext . grove of cottonwood near gate - dawn arly be seat on the wagon seat look toward the gate as Juan come in on he horse . arly ( point o.s . ) look . ext . entrance to kc ranch - dawn at gate . the posse ride up . the gate be swing open and they ride through . ext . grove of cottonwood near gate -dawn at wagon . arly jump to the ground and speak to Juan . arly come on . as she start toward the house , Juan dismount and follow . ext . front of caldwell house - dawn the posse come riding in . Jackson , garvey , harolday , and a few other dismount and go toward the door . arly and juan as they move stealthily into a spot shield by undergrowth , which give they full view of the front and one side of the house . int . clara' bedroom - caldwell house - dawn miss Martin be come into the room with a glass and a pill for Clara , who be still stretch on the bed . miss martin if you will just take this -- you will go to sleep -- the sound of someone knock on the front door come over the scene . miss Martin exit hurriedly . ext . front of caldwell house - dawn at front door . miss Martin open the door , confront Jackson and the group . she be bewilder . jackson evenin ' mar 'am -- hate to bother you like this , but -- miss martin ( see garvey , interrupt ) I be so glad you have come , Mr. garvey , the most awful -- ( as though see the crowd for the first time ) -- why -- what be all this people do here ? garvey we be after rocklin -- have he be here ? miss martin ( smugly ) oh yes -- here and go . jackson what ! garvey ( astound ) go -- miss martin ( triumphantly ) yes -- the two man you send out be take he and that horrid old man back to town . garvey the clewse -- funny we do not see they . jackson somethin ' musta go wrong -- we better fan out and see what 's goin ' on . miss martin ( quickly ) do not leave , Mr. garvey -- I have get to talk with you , privately -- as all but garvey and harolday go back to they horse , garvey speak . garvey but , madam -- miss martin it 's very important . garvey look at harolday in a manner evidence he distaste and impatience . harolday we will go on and meet you in town . garvey perhaps you would better . ( call to Jackson o.s . ) I will meet you in town , Jackson . jackson be voice right -- come on , man . the sound of run horse come over the scene as harolday hurry away and garvey enter the house . on harolday as he goe to he horse he start to mount , but instead lead the horse into the bush close to where Juan and arly be watch . arly and juan - watching int . hall - caldwell house - dawn miss Martin and garvey have be talk . garvey pace nervously . garvey ( quickly , as he turn to miss Martin ) -- and you be positive he know everything ? miss martin absolutely everything -- he be stand at the window all the time -- the scoundrel . int . clara' bedroom - caldwell house - dawn rocklin have he ear glue to the door . he can not help but smile at miss Martin 's reference to he . Dave be behind the curtain at the window , watch the outside . Clara be close to rocklin . rocklin ( whisper ) you better get back on the bed -- in case they come in here . Clara tiptoe away . ext . front of caldwell house - dawn arly and Juan , as they watch harolday approach the house and go to the hall window . int . hall - caldwell house - dawn garvey and miss Martin . garvey be still pace very nervously . he be try to think of he next move . miss martin if you be to ask I , I think the best thing to do be -- garvey stop and glare . garvey ( irritably ) I be not ask you -- and do not bother I with you silly question -- we have get to do something besides talk . miss martin ( draw herself up ) you mean -- you have to do something . garvey stop and look at she again . miss martin -- this be all you idea , remember . garvey ( toss it off ) my idea -- that 's all you know about it . the door to clara' bedroom it be open and rocklin stand there look o.s . rocklin if there 's anybody else in on it -- speak up , judge . on garvey as he whip around and stare at rocklin on miss martin - gaping open-mouthed miss martin well -- I do declare -- she can say no more . full shot rocklin step away from the door , where Dave and Clara now stand . he have garvey cover . Dave be point he gun , and grimace at miss Martin . ext . front of caldwell house - dawn at hall window -- on harolday watch . int . hall - caldwell house - dawn garvey be step back , in a cold sweat , toward miss Martin , as rocklin advance toward he . rocklin ( to garvey , quite casually ) talk . miss Martin open she mouth , about to speak . flash of Dave . dave ( blast , to miss Martin ) not you . close shot miss Martin . her mouth snap shut like a trap . three shot garvey , rocklin , miss Martin . rocklin take the tobacco pouch out of he pocket . rocklin ( to garvey ) ever see that before ? garvey ( blanch ) no -- it 's not mine . rocklin tell I whose it be . garvey ( shaking ) no -- no -- I do not know -- ext . front of caldwell house - dawn harolday at hall window . he raise he gun -- he be about to fire when a knife whirl out of nowhere and stick in the window frame , inch from harolday 's head . he spin around and stare wildly here and there at the darkness . ground and bushes near the front door - from harolday' angle there be no one in evidence . arly' voice Drop that gun . on harolday at the hall window - staring hard - try to locate the voice he drop the gun . arly and Juan come in to he . arly have he cover . the camera pull back to a wider angle , get the front door as it be open by rocklin , who evidently hear arly . at front door arly be prodding harolday into the scene . arly ( to rocklin ) he be just get ready to finish you off , through that window . int . hall - caldwell house - dawn harolday be herde inside , close to garvey and miss Martin . rocklin ( almost enjoy this ) you seem to like to do business through window , Mr. harolday . in the pause harolday remain sneeringly silent . rocklin you be not clint 's killer , by any chance -- arly ( cut in ) by one bad chance -- ( glare at harolday ) Juan see you do it . harolday look at Juan , who slowly nod . rocklin well , now we be gettin ' some place -- he bring up the tobacco pouch . but before he can ask about it , arly speak . arly that pouch be he -- ( indicate harolday ) Juan make it for he a long time ago . ( to Juan ) do not you ? Juan nod . rocklin , with a sudden transition , speak to harolday in a hard , threaten tone . rocklin ( to harolday ) why do you kill caldwell ? harolday do not answer . he finally look at garvey in desperation . perspiration run down garvey 's forehead . suddenly harolday make a mad dash for the door . rocklin shoot , but arly push he arm and send the shot wild . rocklin look at she in amazement . julio hurry out . ext . front of caldwell house - dawn on harolday as he rush madly across the clear toward the bush where he horse wait . the camera swing back to the porch in time to catch julio crossing it in pursuit of harolday . arly and rocklin come through the open door and stand on the porch watch . the bushes where harolday' horse be hidden - arly and rockline angle they see julio disappear in the brush . for a moment nothing happen ; now harolday 's horse bolt out , riderless , and gallop away . now julio come slowly into view . he move slowly and deliberately back toward the house . at porch julio come in to rocklin and arly . the three exchange significant glance as we dissolve int . hall - caldwell house - dawn in the hall be Clara and miss Martin , rocklin , arly and julio , Dave and garvey . garvey be seat and have evidently be talk in the way of confession . garvey -- harolday want the K.C. like he want the santee and the hardman place , for he land scheme -- he plan on break up the ranch into small holding and sell to dirt farmer . he pretend to be on the out with I so I could get caldwell 's confidence . and when Red catch I with the crooked card and threaten to expose I -- harolday shot he . rocklin why do he kill clint ? a ' not I ? garvey that shot be a accident -- it be mean for you . we plan on get the woman to let I handle they business -- miss martin ( interrupt , furious ) -- and do we out of everything -- ( move close to garvey ) you vile -- wick -- despicable -- she be beside herself in she anger -- and take up a large vase sit nearby , she smashes it to piece over garvey 's head . garvey go down unconscious . miss Martin rush to she room scream . Clara follow she . on dave grinning broadly - rocklin come to he rocklin when he wake up -- we will have he put everything on paper . dave well , you will have to do the writin ' -- ' cause I do not know how to write . clara hurrie back to the group from up the hall clara ( genuinely concerned ) oh , Mr. rocklin -- please -- I think auntie be out of she mind -- she 's in she room -- laugh . dave ( grimace ) what that ole pelican need be a good spankin' . arly ( who have be silently listen ) and I will bet you be just the one who can do it . dave ( he eye flash with a idea ) yeah -- I believe I be . ( look at the group ) I know I be . he start away down the hall , roll up he sleeve . rocklin 's eye wander to Clara , who seem quite at a loss . now he move slowly toward she . in the b.g. arly watch rocklin 's every move . rocklin I guess there 's no rush for you to get to Garden City , now -- after a slight pause in which she become conscious of arly , Clara speak . clara no -- I do not suppose there 's any -- rush -- there be another short pause . rocklin glance at arly , and arly assume they want to be alone , turn and go out the door , leave julio attend garvey . clara ( after arly go ) if I be like she , I would stay in the West . rocklin that mean you be goin ' back East -- cousin Clara ? clara ( smile , nod ) it 's where I belong -- I know that now -- rocklin it 's good to know where you belong , I reckon -- wish I know . clara ( wistfully ) I can tell you -- you belong with she -- rocklin take it -- a faint smile brushes he face . he turn now and walk out . dissolve out dissolve in ext . ground near caldwell house - SUN - up arly be seat on the shaft of a old wagon . the first ray of the morning sun streak through the tree across she as she smile wistfully down at the antic of a little woodchuck cavort on the ground close to she . in a moment rocklin come into view in the b.g. he spot arly , who have she back to he , and walk over . his approach frighten the woodchuck away , and turn arly 's head toward he . neither have anything to say . now rocklin sit beside arly , but face the other way . rocklin ( after a pause ) thanks . arly for what ? rocklin everything . there be another stilted pause . arly ( she eye sweeping the morning ) beautiful day . rocklin ( reflect ) it do not start out so beautiful . arly that 's true of lot of thing . rocklin fer instance ? arly ( hesitantly ) well -- you and -- I . there be another pause . but world be be say in the language of eye . they head move closer and now rocklin 's arm sweep around the girl and they kiss . ground near arly and rocklin dave and julio hurrying through the grass dave ( shouting ) hey , rock -- rock -- get out you pencil and paper -- the two stop abruptly and look o.s. on rocklin and arly kissing on dave and julio dave ( grimace ) doggone it -- here garvey be back in this world -- a ' they be out of it . fade out the end