1 : prsd# y813 | no.7 ‘or tarzan NC . 3 " ~ ine ns tarnan's secret trersure '' i | 4 . due to the excessive expense cf re-runn entire script merely in order to obtain consecutive page number , the script with its change will not be re-run , but herewith in the front of the script you will find a sumiary of the total number of puge in the script . dig : D. rehaeel thorpe '' mgm | : 5/20/41 total number of rage in seript , '' . include revisior .s to date , and bese on 62 line per page : 117 i : seript complete 5/7/41 Fe im : myke $ cunally wray ) - scayt okd by , by I " Fine now oo " tarzan no . 3 " fade in : ey ) close shot - boy and cheeta in fruit tree ioc . close shot of cheeta pluck exotic fruit . : cambra pan over as she give it to Boy , ' who feed it to giraffe . only giraffe 's : , head in shot . in title music continue | : , over scene . camera move slowly back into : rarr 2 full shot - the tree Boy , be , in top , of , tall tree , giraffe 's lo : nek allow fis head to stick into tree eo8 . : . 9 ) buli , the baby elephant , in b.g. '' - be over scene , come tarzan 's call . Boy be on the alert . ap ) 3 a medium closs shot - boy and giraffe '' tarzan 's call continue . Boy leap on to giraffe 's neck , slide down it as if it be a bannister . cheeta , the chimp , appear in tree , slide down giraffe 's neck after he . 4 wider angle i bey hop on elephant . elephant start ' quickly off . cheeta chase elephant , grad i tail , pull herself up on clephant 's back . dissolve to : a medium long shot . ~ jungle Boy , cheeta and elephant race through forest . tarzan 's call hear again - nearcr , this time . : music continue . ( Music should be . cue to cle - phent 's pace so as to work naturally and unob - cy trusively into swim ballet later . ) ne issolve tos € full shot - tarnan's pool a small lake , set in wood , sunny , picturescue , the elephant . 's with Boy and cheeta race ius scene , hoy leap from elephant 's back and quickly climb tree , cheeta leave elephant 's back by grab low limb of tree and swinging up on it , buli continue on into water . 8 mo , close shot - a top limb of a tall tree - '' tarzan 4 p — — thngle sgainst sky for height ) tarzan pose fcr dive into pool , behind hin , Boy scramble up tree behind they , sane . & tarzan dive . 9 full shot - pcol ~ tarzan in lid - AIR ( a graceful , swallow dive ) as tarzan reach water and curve beneath it , Jane appear in mideair , after she , Boy come , the three describe the same arc as nearly as possible , 10 underwater shot - tarzan glide . pack up to surface , Jane follow sane curve . Boy follow she , ( it be a game of tullow - the-leader ~- tarzan be the leader , all movement in rhythm - to music , ) 11 full shot - surface of pool = ( shoot down ) tarzan , Jane , and Boy in wuter ballet , 12 another angle - ( lower ) ' tarzan glide under water , Jane and Boy follow , 13-17 18 19-21 '' 83 24 underwatex , routine — tarzan , Jane , and Boy , keep rhythm , go through such 's routine as be possible - slow - roll , loop , cartwheel , vertical figure - 83' ete . '' a giant turtle swim in and out of scene , tarzan glide back up to surface , Jane and Boy follow , suli swim above they , he belly and leg show in shot , tarzan , * Jane , and Boy swim through buli 's leg . wide angle - surface of fool tarzan pop '' up then Jane , then Boy , they con - tinue the follow - the~leader routine , tarzan lead they in a wide circle , use buli as central point , ( possible porpoise routine here with all go underneath buli't belly and con - ing up on other side , ) . out another angle ~ fool Jane eatech up with tarzan , cling to he heel , Boy catch up with Jane , hold on to she heel . they go into they locomotive routine , tarzan lead they under water again , underwater ~ tarzan glide down to bottom of pool , Jane and Boy still in tow , giant turtle éross path , Boy make grab at turtle , miss , turtle appear again , Boy leave dane 's and tarzan , chase turtle . ( use here stock shata of tarzan and Jane in routine together . ) '' tarzan and Jane head - for surface , closer . shot = underwater ~ boy and turtle hoy ohuno turtle , ( he can catch turtle , if ' subsequent business will work moe euully ) turtle leuda Boy into cave , 45-41 24~x1 . close shot - underwater - int . cave Boy 's attention be catch by some shiny stone , he leave turtle , fill he fist with stone , 25 wide angle - pool and bank Jane and tarzan break surface , head for bank , buli lumber out of water , music stof , 25-x1 closer angle . at bank bulic limb out of water , shake himself , he spot cheeta in tree eat : bananas from sf . all punch , he lift trunk up fer a banana but cheeta , jabber , withdraw out of reach , buli sit , beg , cheeta refuse he , buli stand up on hind leg , plead , cheeta conk he with a melon from tree . buli , sore now , douse cheeta with water from he trunk , cheeta , in panic , drop the bananas , buli leisurely de - vour they , Jane 's laughter over end of scene . 25 —x2 wider angle - at bank to include Jane sit near water , fix she hair , tarzan still in water near bank just below she , Jane ( to buli and cheeta - laugh ) stop it you twol - ( then , shaking she head - smile , to tarzan ) I suppose they just would not be happy if they be not wrangle all the time , tarzan ( grin - come up from water ) buli happy , cheeta happy . - Jane happy ? ( he squirt water at she ) Jane ( holler ) : tarzan} please} tarzan ( bigger grin ) tarzan happy . Boy come up out of water , continued : 25-x2 continued . ( 2 ) , 5 Boy ( ss he climb benk ) hey ! look whet I find . . . ; ( show a handful of the bright stone ) shiny stone . Real heavy one , too . dust right for my sling . he pull he sling out of he belt and let fly at a gicnt turtle across pool . the turtle hit , bother , slin into water . gang 's attention be ettract by the stoncs 1 Boy 's hand . Jane ( to Boy ) Boy - let I look at that stone a moment . ( Boy give she stone , she examine they carefully ) where would you find they ? Boy down in the bottoin of the pool . Jane ( hold up stone ) they be gold ~ gold nugget . Boy ( puzzle ) gold ? tarzan come over , take a squint at the nugget . tarzan nugget ? Jane ( nodd ) they be lump of 2 very precious metal . tarzan ( gesture toward skyline ) more nugget up mountain . Big nuggct . Jane ( siniling ) frobably a rich vein . if posple in the outside world ever find there be gold cn the escerpuenty oe they would warm up here like on ormy of ant . . Boy why , mother ? ' jone in civilization , durling , you ean buy anything you ~ want with gold -- olmest . Jane drop a nugget . cheeta pick it up , try to crack it with she teoth like a nut . continued : 4-5-41 25-x2 26-31 continued ( 3 ) Boy " buy ? " what 's " buy " ? Jane ( think ) well -~ suppose I have some fruit , and tarzen 's hungry -- ( gesture back and forth ) . taraan give I gold and I give he the fruit . tarzan ( grin ~ chew on air ) tarzan hungry - want dinner , Jane ( smile ) . if tarzan 's hungry , tarzan better get something for tarzan 's dinner , cheeta begin to jump around , cough and wheeze in distress , she have swallow the nugget . tarzan pick she up by the hind leg , shake she upside down until she cough out nugget . all laugh , tarzan ( grin ) gold no good , ( to Jane ) tarzan get food , he dive into pool , dissolve to : underwater shot — tarzan swimming look for a fish . a large salmon dart by , tarzan make a swipe at it . it clude he . in individual cut , we see tarzan pursue the fish , until finally we see he grab it . ned , shot at edge of pool tarzan rise to the surface , hold the wriggle salmon - abe auty : hold on fish , dissolve to : same fish - fully dressed repose in half a squash + some of the \neg of the squash have be scoop out , to mar a baking dish for the fish full shot ~ a garden spot in jungle a beautiful nook wall with fruit tree ; vine , and flower bush . a tree thick with orchid , and a vine hang with giant grape can be seen in the middle of the enclosure , a small , hot spring of clear water be bubbling . over the spring be swing a rod ~ like the rod over a barbecue pit ~ a contrivance for cook - ing in the spring . near the spring be a small table ; on it be wooden knife , wooden dishes» etce : in the deep shade at one side of the enclo - sure , be a rough-hewn picnic table and bench the place look like what it be - tarzan 's garden retreate in beg . buli carry bench into place by table . as scene open , Jane be just finish o. - garnish the fish with various herb and condiment .e she then encase the fish by taping with cord the top half of the squash to the bottom half . Boy ( push barbecue rod into ' ~ position ) but , mother , why do people in civil - + in civil -- - Jane civilization . . . Boy yese why do they have to buy clothes and food and house - why ? Jane : darling , I honestly do not know . it 's a problem thoy have be try to sottle for hundred of : year , and they have not settle it yet - at least thoy have not when I leave . , . ( Jane lower fish into boil spring , use barbecue rod , and call to cheeta on other side of spring ) be the egg nearly do , cheeta ? cheatas who le watch the flow of sand through a hour-glass mado of shelle , shake she head vigorously continued ( 2 ) Boy what else do they have in civil 'zation , mother ? Jane start for table . Boy tag on after here Jane ( as she go ) oh , so many thingst there 's the radio , for instance . it 's a sort of box , and you hear music and people 's voice come out of it é Boy ( unbely ) ' you mean the box can talk ? Jane ( smile ) no , but voice come from it - and it sound as if the people be right there in the box , talk '' Jane reach table ; begin to set it '' tarzan enter ; trail by bulie tarzan carry branch laden with pomegranate . he throw a pomegranate back to buli and one to cheeta as he cross to table where he drop fruit . Jane ( pluck fruit and pile it . in wooden bowl on table ) . what lovely pomegranate , thank you , tarzan '' Boy tell I more about civil 'zation , other Jane ( as she work ) well - they have airplane there - house with wing that fly and carry people through the aire they go faster than anything you ever sawe Boy faster and tarzan ? Jane much faster . faster than the winde you remember that airplane , tarzan ? , tarzan airplane falle ( goodenaturedly muss up Jane ) Jane want talk - tarzan want dinnere Jane ( frees herself from he ) wetll have a little bite of something , then = while we be wait for the ftishe . Boy ( gravely thoughtful ) be civil 'zation very far from here , mother ? continued : 7-15-41 ptarzan ilo . 3 echess 34 34-x1 34-k2 continued ( 3 ) Jane ( amused ) I would forget about " civil 'zation " , darling . we world here be fur lovelier and far more exciting than the outside world , I prowise you . ( pat he ) run and get the caviar , will you , like a good boy ? Boy move slowly off toward woodss tarzan ( watch Boy ) talk . always talk . - Jane a boy would not be a boy if he do not ask question , tarzane close shot - at tarzan be " refrigerator " Boy enter . the refrigerator be a wooden stand some four foot square anc rive foot high , open on all side , with a dome roof make of thick large leave . a bamboo trough bring water and spill it steadily on top of dome create a water curtain on all side . Boy push bamboo trough back , take out bowl of caviar , replace bamboo trough , and exit . wide angle - clesriwg cheeta , at spring , begin to jump and jabber . Jane goodt the egg be doned Jane go quickly to spring , pull out two ostrich egg which have veen suspend there in a net Jane ( unhook net - give it to cheeta ) cool they in the brook , will you , cheeta ? cheeta hop off toward brook . June return to table . Jane ( look over table ) what happen to the pomegranate , tarzan ? continued : tarzan ne,3 5-22-41 '' chgs , 34=x2 35 10 continued ( 2 ) cheeta , on way to brook , begin to jabber _ loudly , point to buli . Jane turn , look , buli be eat the pomegranate , Jane ( annoyed but have to laugh ) dear , dear -- I have the hungriest family any woman ever have , all they do be eat . Boy , return with caviar , pass cheeta . Boy ( to cheeta ) do not be a tattletale , cheeta , Boy bring caviar to Jane . Jane ( as she take caviar ) thank you , darling , ( leok at bowl ) do not it look cool and appetizing ? you know out in civilization people would have to give quite a bit of gold for a bowl of this , she ladle out portion of the caviar , Boy ( puzzle ) for fish egg ? , Jane ( laugh ) yes , darling - when the fish egg be what be call caviar , Jane spot cheeta come with the egg - balance one egg precariously on the top of - she head , Jane ( call ) hurry , cheeta} none of you trick now = please } cheeta respond by roll the egg across the grass toward Jane , all laugh . tarzan inter - cept egg , proceed to crack it with a club , it 's a tough egg to crack , dissolve to : mo , shot ~ at table dinner be over , Jane be stack up the dirty dish , Boy be eat giant grape from bowl on table , ll close ghot - wool , at edge of clearing a hyena be peer out of jungle -- sniff the food and ( if possible ) lick he chov . ted . long shot - the clearing Boy in f.ge , see the hyena across clear , pick we a nugget and put it in he sling , whip it at the hyena . close shot ~ hyena the nugget bounce off the hyenat snout . ' the hyena vanish faste mo . shot - at table tarzan laugh . he reach up to pluck triple orchid from tree . Jane ( smile ) gold 's be use for a lot of thing - but that 's the first time I ever hear of anyone chase hyenas with ite tarzan ut orchid in Jane 's hair . tarzan ( grin ) Jane like tarzan ? Jane ( laugh as she make flower secure ) what woman would not like a husband who bring she orchid . Boy ( puzzle ) there 's a whole valley full of orchid just across the river . Jane yes , darling - but out in civilization they do not grow the way they do here . you must be rich to huve they . ( amused at bromide apply to tarzan ) you just do not realize what a very rich man you father be . ; Boy tarzan ? continued 389-xl continued ( 2 ) Jane ( nod , swiling - but '' no one can possibly be richer ~ he have evei he want . tarzan ( grin - give Jane one of he rock=crush hug ) tarzan have Jane , Jane ( laugh ) you have I all right - : ( squirm in he embrace = still laugh ) -- you will have I in a thousand piece in a minute , ( tarzan relax he grip - she kiss hia lightly , say as she kiss he ) that 's for the orchid -- ( she kiss he a second time - not so lightly ) -- and that 's for be 's tarzan . she break away from tarzan , | Boy ( shuffle he foot ~ a little embarrassed at the show of affection ) let 's walk over to civil 'zation tonight , hother , before we go to bed = will you ? Jane ( smile ) I think , darling , you have have a long , busy day al - ready , and if you do not mind you be go straight home and say you prayer and go to bed -= ( calis cheeta ) cheeta ! cheeta ! cheeta enter , Jane give he stack of dish , Jane ( to cheeta ) take this to the brook , cheeta - and do not break they ~ be careful , ( smile as cheeta exit ) and not jugyle - nenembor , anotiler angle - cleaiuing cheeta foe , precariously balance dish , > as cheeta be stumbling across clear , have trouble balance dishos , tuli lumber toward '' she , and , trail she , try to sniteh with she 's trunk remain of bood on top plate , Jane 's Voice bulit bult 5-23-41 ches . ; tarzan no,3 39-x2 39~x3 ao 41-48 bulit 12a mo , shot - jane , tarzan , boy tarzan and Boy be laugh . Jane run out of scene , Jane stop ith stop it ! mo , shot - buli and cheeta the dish tumble , crash into piece , poli run for the * wood , cheeta after er , dissolve to : long shot - hocn a full moon clear top of the tree , dissolve . to : ouT 48-x1 49 50 51 . 52 53 long shot - tarnan's tree house - in moonlight - ( stock ) full shot - boy' room Boy sit at small table near window , he stare dreamily out of window , a cuarcoal . pencil in he hand , sfter a moment , he be - gin to write quickly . close angle - boy at table Boy be write a note on a large papyrus leaf with charcoal pencil . close up ~ insert - ( noth : ) " go to see civilzashun . back tomorrov . Boy " he sign he name with a little flourish . mid. close shot - at table Boy prop ub note where it will be obvious , slip half - a- dozen gold nugget into a socket inside he loin cloth , and tiptoe . to window and climb through . ext . balcony ~ tree uouse Boy come through window . wear window be a vine rope rig to a wooden pulley . Boy erab vine , and hold ou to ity , slowly , a stone ied to the othe : e as gn counterewoight . of then owe stonn , and slip stealtnily off . out mo . shot + clearing Little buli be lie aslecp . suddenly he nua a dott adit ebtimbsa bo wty lube loy enter scene . uli valse he trunk and be aboub to lrumpet a gravblusy but boy grab it and put he hand over the tip of the trunk . nar itis . '' 4 55-56 continued ( 2 ) Boy shhh . do not make any noise , buli . shhh . Boy then tiptoe out of scene , beckone buli to follow . ( shoot with speed camera to give slow-motion effect . ) 57 close shot in house cheeta hear something , stir and awaken . she walk out to balcony and look off . 58 mo . shot '' boy mount buli , and the little elephant amble off , 5 ° ext . clearing - close shot - chehta run . camexa travel with she until Boy and buli be in the same shot . : 60 wider angle cheeta leap up on elephant and put she arm around Boy . soy turn in annoyance . Boy ( in a whisper ) go back , cheeta . go home . ( he push cheeta ) please , cheeta - you have to go home . cheeta drop to ground , and watch sorrowe fully as Boy and buli disappear . hoy wave goodbye at edge of wood . 61 close shot ~ cheeta she look mournfully back toward tree-house , then toward wood where Boy and buli disap - pear . g2 close shot - cheeta - moving she crawl cautiously on she belly into wood , disappear . dissolve to : 7-8-31 tarzan 62-x1 64 65 15 ) . long suot - boy aivd buli - in jungle bffect of a strange , moonlit worle with gian tree , and buli end Boy look small . they , wade through shallow pond , disappear in woo ! jissolv .i to : wide angle '' 2xt , @scarpmint - day - al chasn the chasm be a narrow gorge , its side rise steeply from @.turbulent stream far below . Close to eage of ravine , be a strip of various tree .. one tree , slender , bemboo-iike , have be blow ovsr and lie across the zsorge . Boy and buli ride into scene . as they come to the edge of the gorge , Boy dismount , he aye light on the fall tree , and he walk toward it , buli trot behind , . mo , closs shot at sallan tred Boy and puli enter scene . Boy ( to buli ) you will have to go back , buli , you could not cross on this bridge . suddenly they hear the sound of cheeta laugh - ing uproeriously . she st out rom behing a bush leughin ; and doin : somersault . Boy cheeta ! you - think you be pretty smart , do not you , follow I . well , you can just so back with buli . cheeta start whimper and begging to be teken along . a lion 's roav be hear off , Boy turn quickly toward wood . '' wider angle - to includ wood in 4.4 , 4 lion come boundin ? out of wood . Boy hurriedly clinos the nearest trec . cheeta scramble up efter he . uli take a look at the lion and run off . the lion rush to tree , roar up at Boy end cheetus 65-x1 65-x2 . 16 close angle - buli fleeing for ' wood - ( move shot , undereranked for speed ) close shot - in tree - boy and cheeta they scramble out on to what they consider a safe limb . cheeta point and jabber after the flee buli . Boy ( reproving ) now , cheeta - you can not blame buli for run avay . buli can not climb a tree like we - ( the lion at foot of tree roar = Boy , scared , look down ) and that lion down there 's a hungry lion . ( Boy give a start ) cheetal = he 's climb up after ust _ 66 67 67-x1 67=x2 63 wider angle - at tree 17 lion climb tree , move out on . limb after Boy , Boy and chéeta scramble out to end of limb , the lion after they , Boy , cornere , leap with aid of vine to nearby tree . cheeta swing with he , ' the lion keep after they , walk a vine stretch tight - rope fashion between the two tree . Boy , cornere again , swing down from tree on vine barely escape lion , cheeta swing with he , full shot -- at tree Boy race for chasm , cheeta at he heel , the lion leap down " from tree , start after they , the lion be overtake " they when buli come bellow out of wood and charge lion , the lion turn to face buli . closs shot - lion and buli the lion , snarling , attack buli , for a moment , it look bad for the small elephant . then , buli , lift she trunk , shoot a stream of water into lion 's face , ' that stop the lion cold , buli , take advantage of the lion 's blindness and confusion , turn and head for the wood , wide angle ~ at chasm buli disappear in wood . Boy and cheeta - save ~ reach tree stretch across chusm , they start across it , swinging hand ever hand , the lion recover , resume chase . mo , close angle ~ boy and chelva - hanging from bamboo tree t.e chasm yawn beneath they , Boy start to cron chasm , uwdnede band ever hand , cheeta follow , lion 's roar over scene . 4~5-41 69 20 71 72 73 74 78 lb close shot - at edge of chask the lion enter , stop at end of tree , the lion try the bridge with a paw , decide it be not safe , the lion take up position at end of tree , mo , close shot = of boy and cheeta swinging across the chasm , the gorge gape below they . the slender tree sag under they weight , close shot ~ of tip of tree at far end of chasm , some loose dirt at tip of tree start to break away . mo , shot - of boy and chesta continue across chasm , as they make prao - gress , we see the tree sagging more and more under they weight , the scene be intercut with Shots of Boy realize he peril ; the roaring lion , wait ; and more and more dirt erumble under the tip of the tree , long shot - of chase Boy be more than half way over when suddenly the top of the tree clin off the far edge of chasm and start to fall . it drop about twenty foot before it be catch on the ledge , cheeta , terrify , grab Boy around the neck , close shot - of boy and cheeta they be sear , but Boy be try not to show it . wider angle - of boy and cheeta ' near the far edge of the chasm , the thin tip of the tree be bend : perilously under they weight 4s they be about to reach the other side of the ¢hasm , but they just manage to make it , continued : 77 78 79-87 88 88~x1l look fal 19 in apenegy continued ( 2 ) : E as Boy end cheeta step on to the ledge , the tree slip off and drop almost perpendicu - darly into chasm , sustained only by the few root that hold he to the ground , mo . close shot ~ boy he look down the gorge and whistle he be - lief at he escape , cheeta cover she eye ~ she can not bear to look . Boy then look across at lion mo . shot - lion across chasm the lion , defeat , roar . mo . shot - boy and cheeta holding on by a few jutting bush , Boy and cheeta manage to climb to the top of the gorge dissolve to : out full shot ~ wood Boy and cheeta thread they way through wood , Boy seem a very small boy in a massive world of giant tree . closer shot = boy and cheeta - ( moving ) Boy stop , look off . camera stop . Boy ( to cheeta ) at that ostrich , cheeta . cheeta stop , look . 88-xx2 88-x5 88-x4 88-x4b 88-x4bl 88-x40 88-x4d 86-k14 88-415 88-x16 88-x1l7 88-x18 mo . shot - a clesring in yood - stock several ostrich be feed . close shot - boy and cheet they look off toward ostrich . Boy I bet they could take we to civilization in a hurry . cheeta exit toward ostrich . we close shot - stock cheeta run toward ostrich . clos # shot - cheet - stock she leap on ostrich 's back . the ostrich nove out . we close shot - boy - laugh . Boy hey , come back here , cheeta . close shot - stock cheeta dismount , close snot = stoch cheeta return to Boy . mo . sho ? - boy ' cheeta enter . Boy I think we would better walk . i'm not sure that ostrich would know the waye B tarzan no.3 vem - 21 F bo - ' mo , closz shot - hill ' top al _ Boy and cheeta move into clear at tgp ee hill , Boy suddenly stop , become tense pt what he see . 90 stock shot - a native village in OPEN country as see by Boy . native throng the village square where some sort of ritual be be perform , 91 mo . shot - wcod Boy start off in direction of village . 92 another angle - wood a loud scream penetrate the jungle . Boy be bring up short . above the scream come the thunder of a charge rhinoceros ! hoof . Boy scramble swiftly up nearby tree . cheeta climb up after he . .92-x1 process as boy sees little tumbo ga Rhino be charge down on he . right before as the rhino contact tumbo , he turn , run out ve of «scene follow by rhino . ( usb background no . 9 ) $ 2 -x2 mat shot - tumbo running through scene follow closely by rhino . ( use background no . 1 ) 92-x3 pan shot of tumbo running 92 =x4 straight CUT of rhino running ( stock ) follow tumbo , 92-x6 92 - x7 92 - x8 pan shot - tumbo running slip . and fall , , process shot - tumbo on ground . Rhino bear down on he , tumbo throw himself outside of scene as rhino pass on over shot where tumbo fall . . ( use background no . 15 - 3rd part ) of tumbo landing ( shoot toward ground ) he head against rock . hold long enough to show he be stunne . shot of rhino ( stock ) turn and return toward tumbo . 92 —x9 92-x10 92-x11 92=x12 92-x13 92-k14 92-315 92-16 frocess : hot - of tumbo on ground 63 Rhino come from deg . soy swing into se on vine jump off , push tumbo out of of rhino and then turn and run out of se follow by rhino . ( background no . 7 ) short pan shot Boy runninge closz shot - cheeta in tree she scream in terrore straicht CUT of rhino ( stocx ) followin , boye shot = roy run into scene , climb uy tree to a low crotch . ikhino follow hin in and stop . ( backchound # r=29 ) closeup of boy ti tris * look doym at rhino . us. several cutse ( bo th medium and c.u . ) process = reino on caqund = process = cjtting in tnte and ay " boy 's peaer ) , below trea , snort and sniff and runnin ; back und torth tryiiu , ; to ~et at boye ( backgaound 7#r=26 ) boy gtant to tull vine leonn . from trog in praparias to owe offe 92-417 92~x18 92=x19 92-20 92-x21 92-x22 closeup = tumbo ( SUT ) have come to and be slowly get up off ground . mo . shot of rhino ( stock he turn from base of tree and charge back toward tumbo . mo . shot = tumbo see rhino come and run . straight CUT = rhino ( stock ) charge toward . tumbo.e tumbo run to edge of pool - stopse process shot = tumeo on £ ndge o# pcol = Rhino come behind hime he jump . Rhino stopse ( background no '' 10 ) } tarzan Ho , 3 Change , 6/7/41 92X23 92x24 92x25 92X26 92x27 92x28 stay 23b tumeo land in pool = panic~stricken , he flounder in water , it iccis as if he may sink , be lose - but wildly he clutches at a protrude tree root , hold to it , save himself , process - shot of rhino pawing ground - b.g. at edge of pool , CUT back and forth from boy to rhino to use best material . ( be G. # 27 - 3rd part ) straight shot of boy in pcol ( set ) shoot past dummy head of rhino . close ' up - boy . in tree . he have pull vine loose from tree ; yell to tumboe Boy where you ere ! I will get you out ! atter read line he prepare to swing away from tree shot of reino at edge of pool . be attract again by Boy 's voice and run to Roy in tree . shot of boy swinging away from trea . process sot - hnino running into scene . Boy on vine swinging past rhino . Rhino turn to follow he , slip , and then continue after scunve ( background nose 85 er 24 ) 92x30 92x31 92x32 92x33 23 '' insert of top of vine - pull away from tree limb . process - boy fall to cround - with vine tumble down on top of he . ( background = 12 or 13 - straight footage ) close shot - cheeta in tree = scream in terror . boy on ground - process - Rhino about to run over he . poy jump out of scene in nick of time . . ghs - 38rd part ) straigit shot - rhino running into brush , turn and start back . edge of pool - tumbo have climb out of pool . Boy run into scene , grab tumbo , drag he over to a vir the two of they catch hold , Boy back tumbo - up ready to take a run in order to swing back into tree . . tarzan #3 uff chgs . . 7 a 6 / fad \_ / ff 92-k36 92-137 93~-93-x38 93-x39 193-k394 93-x40 ' 95-x41 93-x42 95-k43 , 23-d boy aifd tumbo ( proc sss ) run towards calfvha , leave ground and swing up over camber 's . just - as they be about to exit scene , Rhino 's head come into seot , miss they by inch . ( background no. 15 or 12 . bsfort reino CoMIS into scsn3 ) boy and tumbo land on limb in tree . out anoteer angle = edg2 of clearthg Boy and tumbo swinging safely up into tree . close shot cheeta in tree laugh ... point derisively at rhino . mo . closz shot Rhino turn about and start back toward boy . m2d . close shot - ths foys in tras the boy see the rhino charge toward they . Boy grab a vine , show tumbo how to hold on to it and they both swing out of shot . cheeta remain behind . wh he . the rhino snort and paw the ground at the foot of the tree . close shot = rhino paw the ground . clost shot - cheeta she pluck a fruit similar to the one with whioh sho hit bult and fling it jown on the rhino . tarzan '' bio. 3 93-x44 che. 6/7/41 94-102 103 close shot ~ rhino' head 25 - 2 the fruit lané on the rhinot head and spatter all over ite dissolve to : we mo . shot - a clearing tumbo and Boy swing into clear . cheeta join theme Boy ( look back into wood ) that rhino be mad , all right , be not he ? ( turn to tunbo ) do you know where I be go ? itm go to civil - ' zation . I be go to buy a airplane . ( fish nugget out of he pocket - hold it up I have get gald - sce ? tarzan no.3 . . 24 gree 103 continued ( 2 ) tumbo pay no attention to gold = he look up at Boy , deep gratitude on he face , he speak to Boy in dialect . tumbo ( in dialect ) : ( I owe my life to you . I thank you with all my bein . ( he sincerity be obvious from the tone of he voice ) Boy , puzzle , listen , there be a slight pause as Boy 's put gold back in he pocket , en tumbo solemnly put out he hand , link e little finger of he right hand in " little see of Boy 's leave . he raise the link finger up to the level of he chin . tumbo ( solemnly - he be tell Boy he be he friend ) muganda , Boy ( look . down at link finger - back at tumbo . he be puzzle , there be a pause ) what would you say ? tumbo ( in the same tone as before - but raise the link finger a little higher ) muganda , . Boy ( puzzle ~ look at finger ) muganda ? muganda ? : ( then , slowly be arive at } oh - do you mean friend ? as he suspect what tunbo tumbo ( dubiously ) frenss ? . Boy ( quickly ) yes - Friends , ( point to tumbo ) you - ( point to himself ) ( hold up link finger ) Friends , ( indicate checta ) like cheeta and I , Friends . I - tumbo ( he understand - he face : dght up = he spenk excitedly ) mugandal , - frengel ~ mugandal - prenss} - muyganda ~ continued : i tarzan no.3 , §e22 - 41 i chgs . 103 25 continued ( 3 ) Boy ( cut in ) ; yes , Friends , we be friend , I be glad , too , I have never have any friend = except the animal , what 's you name ? tumbn ( repeat - puzzle ) watse nemm ? Boy yes - what do they call you ? what do you mother eall you ? ( point to. himself ) my name 's Boy , tumbo b-boy ? Boy that 's right , ; ( point to himself again ) Boy . . tumbo ( get it - excitedly - point to himself ) tumbo 4 ( then , quickly point back and forth - speak rapidly - the word tumble out of he in he excitement ) Boy tumbo ! Boy ! tumbol Boy ! tumbo$ Boy ! tum - Boy ( cut into tumbo 's speech ) that 's right ! you name 's tumbo , . hiy name 's Boy . tumbo ( excitedly nodd - continue where he leave off , point quickly back and forth ) tumbo$ boyt tumbo} boy} tumbo -- the native drum be abruptly hear again - this time louder , more menace , tumbo stop , listen , freeze with fear , Boy ( watch ) that drum come from you village , tumbo ? tumbo look back and forth between Boy and direction of sound , then , he turn quickly , head for village . Boy and cheeta follow , dissolve to : tarzan no.2 : 5 - 22-41 : 25a chgs. 104 full shot - the ubardi village the tometonis continue , now can be hear a new sound = a low barbaric chant , mournSui , ominous , the steady chant be * pierce by a occasional cry of terror and despair . Boy and tumbo and cheeta enter , 105 closer angle - village STREET a young man , die on the ground in front of a hut , a young woman hold he , give he '' water , boy come into b , wateh , begin to get the idea , move on , camera with 's the , tumbo worried , Boy * nonpluss , they come to 4 with - ere of 14 man , moan over a dead child , the two boy look ahout , in Dee , they see other of the uhardi , some carry they dead away , other support sick people , Boy ( whisper ) why be so many people sick , tumbo ? tumba keep on toward square , Boy hesitates , follow , 106 wide angle - the village square the square be crowded with savage of the ubardi tribe = a mass of excited and fright= ened people , gather in a semi-circle before a altar , on which a small fire be burn , 106 107 26 continued ( 2 ) ©..0 n the altar slab.lios q die man . two other stand by , watch tholr friond . in front of the altar be the witch doctor , ean cvil old man , perform a voird ritual - istic daneo bofore the altar . Ho carry c horn ... 4 human thigh bone hollow out , toppod by @ human skull .- on this he blow '' domoniacal wail . two drummer beat the drun fahatically . the crowd chant , wail . mo . shot - before altar the sick man try to rise , slump back , groan and die . his friend burst into loud outcry . Boy , tumbo and cheeta , enter shot , in 4 position where they be unobserve . the boy look on in silence , close together , they hand still link . cheeta jubber nervously . 108 109 110 111 it 's clos& shot - reverss - angle - the to boy Wide -ey , intent , fearful . suddenly , tumbo look off . his eye widen , he mouth open in terror . he rush out of scene . : mo . shot ~ ext . kut at edge of squaru a sturdy native woman , tumbo 's mother , be lie on the ground , tumbo race across to she . Boy uncertain - ly follow . closer angle - tumbo' mother she turn over on she back , lie still . tombo rush in , throw himself across he mother , sobbing , and scream in she ear , try - ing to recall she from death . Boy enter difvidently , slowly . he stand in sensitive sile pefore tumbo 's grief . cheeta hesitates in bear tumbo finally accept the fact of death , ke rise slowly , stare down at the lifeless body . Boy ( gently ) | you mother , tumbo -- be not it , tumbo stand stock still , sob . Boy join he finger with he , Boy I be sorry , tumbo .... during last of scene the sound of : the tumult in ths square hus dicd away . now , there be a extraordinary silence . Boy , after a moment , turn look to invosti ~ bate full shot - squai - from loy' angle the crowd of biluek have all turn away fron the altar ond be store at Boy in ominous ~ silence . continued : 112 113 114 28 continued ( 2 ) the witch doctor move out from the crowd , advance toward Boy , Boy draw back , sen - ing now a possible peril in this strange silence , the crowd begin to advance , a murmur of excitement rise , another angle ~ thr square the witch doctor stand before Boy a moment , he terrifying face thrust close to he , Boy look nervously about he , coiitemplate flight . the witch doctor shriek wildly , jubilantly . the savage crowd around Boy . the witch doctor shout a command at two ubardi warrior , who grab Boy and hold he despite he struggle , the witch doctor turn to the crovd - he voice triumphant , he have find the cause of the plague ~ a white devil , he point frou poy to the corpse of tumbo 's mother , link they , . witch Doctor ( in dialect tell the crowd that this be the cause of the plague . ) hear the witch doeter 's charge , the native begin to nod and murmur in agreement . closeup - tumbo desperately , he try to bresk the warrior 's hold on Boy .. tumdo muganda$ mugandat close shot ~ witch doctok , roy and tumbo the witch doctor atrikas tumbe 's hand awny , Boy struggle . Boy ( to tumbo ) poll he I do not oring the sicknuss , ( to witch doctor ) fricnd ! mugundal idugandal conttm sa i114 115 116 117 118 119 : 29 continued ( 2 ) the warrior pick he up , end rush he to the altar , camera fanning . ' the crowd , in its frenzy now turn on this new victim with new hope . cheeta , agitate , stay in bog . the drum , the chont begin again ~ this time with new hysteria . close shot -. cheeta she wetch a moment , then turn tail and race away mo . close shot - at altar the witch doctor begin he mumbo-jumbo over Boy . full shot - the cro they be wait for a signe they chant ominously in unison . . mo . shot - the altar suddenly the witch doctor make a mighty gesture , a sweep of he free arm commanding silence . on . the instent the : be absolut . silence . then , suddenly , 2 cloud of smoke rise from the altar . full shot - the square that ig the sien uhat this be tudeed the vice tim that the god want . andemonium break out . the witch doctur.is in. frensy . the people laugh hystericslly , in triumph , break into dance . the drum ronr louder than ever . ae eee | tarzan no.3 30 p chanze : . . 7-15-41 120 wid anglz - jungla it outskirt of ubardi ee village : four white men-with half a dozen black advance vapidly toward villaze which be already visible '' ~ to they through tree . the maniacal uproar from ' the village grow in intensity and volume as they advance . . Three of the man advance vizorously ; the fourth , a slight , nervous man , timidly bring up the rear . heme man in the lead be medford , the guide ~ a white hunter who have live in and off the jungle for yearss on one side of he be Professor Zlliott , a scientist , who head the amtrropotog - 1. ical expedition . of y on iedford 'ts other side be _ earoni , a geologist , a cold - blooded realist with something of the manner of a professional soldier . the fourth man oy , be o'doul ( pronounce o'dool ) a impish Dublin _- portrait photographer whose imasine love of ad~ venture have bring he away from wife and home into a world he fear and despise . lal mo . closz shot - edgz of wood it village the man come to a quick stop , stare tensely out at drama in village square . medford , - jujue o' doul ( scared ) they be hungry - lookin ' black divil . be it - be it canninbal they ave ? - saroni ( to medford ) they look like Zimbali._ . medford ( shake he . head ) worset they're ubardil S ( 0 ' doul iwas hopint they would be vegetarian ! 122 mo . long shot - village squanz = som '' hite men' wngle throuzh the pandemonium , a half dozen giant black carry a huge , wooden stake . the crowd qpon for they , blhea glossy around they , 123-x1 124 mo . shot - white men - at edge of wod blliott ( stare ahead ) what be thats medford ? medford E eatgtoas ceremony of some sorte baroni wetre in luck , Professor . ( to o' doul ) get you camera , o'doul , and wetdl take picture of ite o' doul '' I be all for movin ! on . - I do not think we should be interruptin ! the h'athen in the performance of he religious duty . o' doul start back into wood . but a new tumult from : the village stop he . he return to group mo . shot - square ~ from white men' angle '' tumult increase . savage strap Boy to stake but in confusion the action be not clear to white watch . blliott ( he hand 's go to gun on he hip ) it 's some sort of human sacrifice ! oe medford ( restrain he ) easy '' ' Professor - this have be go on for thousand of year and we be not go to change it in five minute . baroni ( nod ) right . lett see it through to the finish . Elliott 's face suddenly go taut with horror . he take - a stride forward . mo . shot ~ square the stake , with boy strapped to it , be elevate and put in place . cont inued : 125 126 it 's a white poyt continued ( 2 ) : 32 - savage toss brush high around it . the witch dgotor take a burn brand from altar , set fite to the edge of the brush '' - soke billow up from fire as -from green wood . the ' plack swing into a barbaric dance around stake . close shot - boy seon through smoke . he 's try to . be bravee mo . closh shot - white men at edge of wood | horror on all face now . blliott ( draw gun ) '' medford ( cuickly ) ' careful , Professor - they be crazy with juju . blliott , ( advance with draw gun ) ; we can not stand by and watch this . come - ont . &y 2 baroni and medford advance with g1lliott , they gun sling for action . ' they advance weave through sioke blow from fire . o' doul turn and dash pack into woodse the black . in party fade . with he . full shot - ueardi squaxe the savaje dance ; smoke from tire over scene ; Boy , on stak , s.en through smoke . '' Zlliott and baroni rush to stuke . ' tisdvord fucss savaiuse the native , astonished by the sucdon appear ~ ane of ths white , abruptly halt in they dance , s% motionless , sta they chant die away . yor a moment , thers be complote silsneo . then , the witeh doctor recover , advance toward medford with a throaten gus ture : : mediord ( quickly - in dialaot ) ( ve want the white boy you cun not kill hin . ) witoh doovor ( siereely - in dialoct ) { White boy be causo of plague . Ho wust be sacrifiee . ) a murmur of approval come from savayose . 33 continued ( 2 ) . Elliott , at stake , be see through smoke . hurriedly cut 's Boy 's bond , baroni , vigorously kick burn brush away frou stake . medford ( tapping gun = in dialect ) '' ( r# you try to stop we , there will be trouble . ) witch Doctor ( in a rage ~ wave he . horn ) ( whi the boy must be sacrifice , Tho spirit of the dead demand it ! ) Elliott ami barmi get Boy dom fran stake . - at this , the witch doctor turn in fury to savage , brandish horn , exhort they to attack , they close rank ominously . A. threaten rumble rise , they advance , medford back toward stake to join Elliott and baroni . 127-127x2 we 127x3 - : close angle - the white men baroni raise he gun to fire . medford ( to baroni ) do not shoot ? there be too muny of they we will try to make we way back to the wood . ' the white man huddle around Boy and move back together , face meaning savage with gun readye 127 -x4 ' cl@®e shot - tumbo held by native he kick he suddenly , take advantage of nativet shoe k to oscapee . 127-x5 wde angle -. village square the gaviuge qiiolly extond thoir line to encircle white , they roar of rage increuse . medford look ubout , boc es aware of the maneuver e tarzan no.3 . chas , 127=x6 Fe 41 . nd 128=133 133-x1 134 135 135a-135e close shot - the white medford halt -- he face grave as he look about hin , medford no use -- they have cut we off , we will have to make a stand for it . Elliott and baroni stop . they stand back to back in a triangle around hoy , out wide angle - the square the white be now encircle , the savage close in , : abruptly , there be a terrific racket off , the native halt , all look in same direc= tion off . long shot ~ square , - from white en' angle out of the jungle , the safari truck roar , its siren wail , and its exhaust wide open , dash head on for the ubardi , the native , catch unexpectedly inthe rear , by this monster , break in panic , flee , tumbo , scared , race away with they , close shot ( moving ) o'doul in driver' seat the little man have a startle pop-ey look as if the truck might at any moment get away from he , . . a series of shot show savage flee before truck , - " | arzai . : : 35 3 185-ek1 - close shot - tumbo change - /15/42 _ he dodge the truck , barely escape it , and . head for wood with other black . 156-137 mo . close shot - white men at stake the truck , in b.g. careen through village . ; ' Elliott ( look off ) good work , o'doul ! the truck can be . hear wail and roaring in village . safari black come out of they hide place , join wiite and they ell stare at Boy . elliot ( turn to Boy , puzzle ) you be safe now , lad . but what in the world be you do nere , in the middle of the 4 sfrican jungle ? Boy , : I live here - up on the escarpment . * tumbo dart out of wood , run to Boy . he link he finger with he . ~ . tumbo ( affectionately ) friend . , Boy ( to Elliott ) this be tumbo . he 's my friend . Elliott ( puzzle - look from one to other ) hello , tumbo . the truck reappear , still make a terrific racket , and head straight on for group . abruptly , it come to a stop . medford ( over he shoulder - to Elliott ) you would better get move , Professor , o'doul throw a scare into they but they will be back . Elliott , medford and baroni wove up to truck . - Elliott ( as he go - to Boy ) come on , son ~- we will take you home -- Boy ( to tumbo ) you come with we , tumho , . 36 138 closs anglz - at front of truck Elliott enter , follow by medford and baroni , and at a respectful distance , the wide - eye stare Boy and tumbo . Elliott wa ( he hold out a congratulatory hana ) Nice work , o'doul -- o' doul sluap in the seat in 2 faint . '' Elliott 2 ( smile slightly ) he 's faint . get some brandy , medford . the Little man open he eye a slit . o' doul would you mind , Professor , makin ' it a bit of irish whiskey . meéford reach into back of truck , pull out whiskey bottle , give it to o'doul who sake a long drink of it . the rumbl of a savage war drum co ::e from the rood . at the sound of the drum , all be insta : tly on the alert . o' doul sit stiffly up , .ut the bottle in he pocket . a shower of spear and arrox hit truck and around it . several safari black be wounded , the other be panicstricken , agitate , appear on point of flee away again . 6 medford om , ( sharply - to captain of black ) ' Mt t_ -- tell you man to stay close to uss they will berslaughter in the wood now . m'hona jabver at native in dialect . they draw oack , hudidle at truck . 158-x14 close shot - adar of truck arrow hit truok - some stick . one arvow pierce end of gasoline tank at bottom . gasoline run out . ay 138-x2 mo . shot - frcnt of truck '' black huddle around whituse more arrow fall . medford . get in , everybody . wo will make a run for ite o' doul start motor , Elliott , baroni , Boy , tumbo pile into truck . mcdferd address native in dialect . they climb in . 138-x3 wider angle - village square - the truck start CFF the savage drum inercaso in intensity . arrow and spear grcot truck as it gocse 138-x4 mo . shot ~ jungle a dozen savage grimly shoot arrow , hurl spvaerse 138-x5 wide angle - village square the truck stop '' a shriek rise from savage in wood , savegus appear advance cautiously on all sido . 138-x6 close shot - truck o' doul bang away on starter . mcdferd lea out of truck , govs to open engine hood . arrow and spear fall around hime o' doul the motor 's all right -- it 's out of gascline will arce o' doul jump out of truck , run to reare 138-x7 close shot ~ rar of . truck o' doul run in , secs puncture gasoline tant medford join lim , oxauluc tank quicklye cct inued tarzan no.2 5 - 14 -41 ches . 138=x7 138-x8 139-144 38 continued ( 2 ) o' doul ( shake he '' head glumly ) we be cook - a ' well do , too -- medford rush back to front of truck , several arrow hit truck . o' doul ( shudder ) -- about all that remain be the eatin ' , ( he. start back to front of truck ) wide angle ~ truck the white and native pile out of truck , arrow and spear fall , sound of drum and shriek increase , out 145~145-x4 a series of shot 145=-k4a 145~x5 the ubardi advance through woed , hurl spear , shoot arrow , give war cry - a menace attack , close shot - safari black he pitch forward , clutching at a arrow in he chest , wide . angle - at pruck o'doul shake he fist at savage , o' doul ( angrily ) ye cowardly blackguard | he begin fire he revolver , a arrow whizze by he head , imbed itself deeply in the side of the truck , o' doul ( cocky ) you be not goin ' to intimidate I - ye poor be -. nighted blackamoor , yel - = with yer silly arrow that would not spike a potato bug 's == ( a arrow hit he in the seat , stick there - lie gerema ) continued : be mi5 - 41 145 , x5 146 146-x1 146~x2 146-x3 39 continued ( 2 ) o'doul ( continue ) I be kilth I be kilt ! I be kilt - I amt ( he wait a moment to see if he 's really " kilt " then decide no , he feel cau ~ tiously for the arrow , extract it ) ah , it 's only mortally wounded I be . heavin be praisedt medford : that may be poison arrow , o'doule be careful . o' doul ( wild ) poison , be they ? poison ? ( rub he seat ) well , they canninbal ' 1l have poison stew for dinner then ~ a ! I hope it kill ' emt a spear hit the ground at o'doull foot . angry , he yank out the spear , hurl it back into wood . o' doul . : two can play at that game , I buckos mo . close shot = at truck the white now face village , they back to truck . the safari native now show some spirit . several black be hit . long shot - village the savage horde advance . close shot - the group at truck medford let them have itl the white begin to fire wide angle - village the sudden fire drop advance native , halt they a instunte the witch doctor exhort the savage . the rank reform . the advance be - suno . the whito contimie firing they shoot no longer stop savagese they ad - vaneo utoadilye -46=x 39a close shot - group at truck the white continue to fire . medford ( take last look around - speak grimly ) . remember ~ with this ubardi , it 's better to be dead when they take you . . o' doul ( deadly serious ) it 's better to be dead when ' they kill ye - if you want my opinion , wide angle ~ village a triumphant roar go up from savage , they lift they spear exuitantly . they move to charge , suddenly , tarzent call come ringing through the jungle , the savage stop in they track , the call come again , the savage hesitate , then throw away they spear and arrow , they flee . 147 148 148=x1 149 149 - x1 , it 's 40 a series of close shot the ubardi wildly flee , ' tarzan 's call over shot , long shot ( stock ) the ubardi ( gibeoni ) the savage vanish in wood , tarzan 's call nearer . mo , shot - at truck Boy leap out of truck , Boy ( scream delightedly ) tarzant it 's tarzant all in safari stare at Boy . Boy give he imitation of tarzan 's call . tarzan 's call answer , nearby now , Boy look up in tree near village , all follow he gase , the native of the safari take to chatter , gesticulate , some fall to ground , close shot ( stock ) tarzan swinging through tree . wide angle - village as tarzan swing down inte village and land near Boy . Boy run to tari cheeta come of out of wood , follow Boy tarzan tarzan} mo , shol - ghoup at ' luck all be astonished at targun , ' I block cower with feur and awe . elliott ( otarin : ) what 's happen ? who be that ? contan umd : 41 149-21 cq@itinuzd ( 2 ) barmi tarzan - the boy call he -- medford ( with subducd excitement ) tarzan ? then , there really be 4 tarzan . for ycar I have beon hearing about he from the native - the white ape-man they call he - the king of the jungle . I always think he be a myth . 150 close anglz - tarzan and boy as Boy and tarzan come together . tarzan sweed Boy up into he arm . tarzan oconcern - study he sharply ) Boy all right ? Boy I be fine . you cane just in time , tarzm . ' where 's mother ? tarzan set Boy down on ground . tarzan ( sternly ) Jane wait . Boy ( carefully ) be she go to - to punish I , tarzan ? ~ tarzen ( relaxed now - grin ) Boy wait . Boy find out . cheeta rush to he , mke a fuss over hin . 150 -x1 mo . shot ~ group at truck Elliott ( watch tarzan ) a he 's magnificent . baroni Net 's a nagnifieent - look brute / wv medford ( gesture toward cower '' W safari nati ves ) ye look at the black there ! - tha aot as if he '' ea be sone sort of god . ae '' pe 0 ' doul wo * a he 's the spittin’ iwage of the anodent irteh giant , e Finn mccool , ' — —e , continued : 42 150-x1 continued ( 2 ) Elliott come along Elliott move toward tarzan . 151 we 152 wider angle - square Elliott advance to tarzan . Boy ( to Elliott ) this be tarzan -- he 's my father . continued : etarzan 73 '' che 152 pmpeewinnee continued ( 2 ) I — " 43 Elliott ( smile - hold hen hand ) how do you do , tarzan ? hy name 's wlltott . tarzan do not take hand , look man over . Boy ( quickly - in dialect ) ( he explain what happen . ) as tarzan listen , he expression soften . fie take hlliott 's hand . tarzan ( as he take hand} tarzan thank . Elliott and we thank you . ( nod toward wood ) -- you certainly save we life just now . it look for a while as though we be finish . ( then , smile at Boy ) so , this be you father , eh? ( then to tarzan ) you have a fine boy there . tarzan ( nod ) Fine boy . ( affectionately rub Boy 's head ) Little tarzan . o' doul step forward . o' doul . I name 's o'doul , ir . tarzan - Dennis o'doul . ( tarzan look o'doul 6 ~ cmdsur7 speak with admiration ) you be a fine figure of a man , Mr. tarzan . wager you have some irish in ye somewhere . ( tarzan like c'doul , take he hand . o' doul wince , nurse he hand ) I be certain of it . til baroni and medford step forward . o' doul back away to truck . Elliott . this be mri baroni , tarzan , and this gentleman here be my. medford . medford and baroni ( together ) how do you doe happy to moet you . tarzan glance at the machine gun , and make no effort to take they offer hand . obviounly , he doos not lika thom . continued : farzen # 3 ie 17-41 152 oe 's sph 44 . continued ( 3 ) tarzan ( sharply ) Men not need gun now . the three man laok surprised . Boy tarzan do not like gun ~ they kill he animal . - Elliott ( quickly ( to baroni and medford ) put the gun away , gentleman . sorry . ( baroni and medford go to put arm _in truck - Elliott turn to tarzan ) you need not worry , tarzan . we be not hunter , we be scientist . we be look for a almost forget tribe call the _ van-usi . they be a people that wander down from asia@™into Africa age ago . ever hear of they ? tarzan ( nod ) vatl-usi live up fyn mano River . . Elliott ( with some excitement ) that 's just where we figure to find tnaem . we be try to find a pass through the mountain when we come across the village here . . tarzen safari can not cross mountain . all ice and snow . baroni and medford return . Elliott ( he disappointment obvious , turn to medford ) do you hear that , medford ? . medford ( a little antagonistic ) oh , I think we can make it over the mountain all right . it will be eight or ten week of tough go but we can make it . tarzan ( sharply - to medford ) ( to elliott ) tarzan take safari up escarpment - reach river six day . Men die . baroni six day ! Elliott ( excited ) that would be a tremendous help , tarzant continued : matearzan # 3 w=17-41 152 continued ( 3a ) tarzan ( matter~of -factly ) Men jhelp Boy . . tarzan help man . come tarzan turn away . Elliott ( quickly ) I do not know how to thank you , tarzan . medford ( in low voice to baroni - sarcastically ) I will be count that six day . tarzan start off . Boy grab tumbo who have be stand wide - eye watch tarzan , and run after tarzan . Boy ( to tarzan ) this be tumbo , tarzan . he 's my friend . tarzan ( nod at tumbo ) my friend . the three move along together . cheeta tag along with they . 153 ° out 154-155 * close angle - near truck tarzan , Boy , tumbo and cheeta . as tarzan pass near truck , he stop suddenly . a click sound come from truck . tarzan stride over . tarzan abruptly reach into truck , pull out o'doul as if he be a rabbit . o' doul have be shoot picture of tarzan with a fast-action camera . ' tarzan drop o'doul and seize camera , which he be about to smash . Elliott come into scone continued : 154-155 '' 157 continued ( 2 ) 45 Elliott ( quickly - smile ) that 's not a gun , tarzan . 0o ! doul be just take you picture . . ' tarzan serutinize camera - tum it upside down and over and over - obviously . puzzle . tarzan picture ? o' doul ( reach into he pocket , bring out a fistful of snapshot . ) something like this , Mr. tarzan - if you would care to squint a eye at ‘em . tarzan take picture , look at they . cheeta jump up on tarzan 's shoulder . closeup - insert - the picture in tarnan's hand as he run qhrough they the picture : action shot of the jungle - giraffe , zebras , crocodile , etc . the last picture show a dumpy but whole - some look middle - age woman . she hold a trowel , ond have evidently be work in she backycrd garden . cheeta 's paw come into shot , grab the woman 's picture . close angle - tarzan , o'doul , cheeta , and group cheeta flourish picture , jabber ex - citedly . she like what she see . o' doul ( to cheeta ) be careful now , I jack - a- dandy ~ that 's a like ~ ness of meteo id and a precious possession . cheeta kiss picture - o'doul shudder ) an’ it 's just as well she 's not here at the pre- send moment . ( screw up he face ) - just as well . tarzan ( friendly ) cheeta like picture . tarzan take picture from cheeta , return it to o'doul . cheeta jump down frum tarzan 's shoulder . : comtinuzd : tarzan no.3 . a t=l7~41 p chg. 157 157-x1 157--x1a 157 ~-x2 46 continued ( 2 ) tarzan ( to 0 ' doul ) o' doul just as soon as I get the - onod to gasoline tank ) . ~ tank here fix , ant bring up the other truck . come . otdoul take out he bottle , take a drink ; he smack he lip . o' doul ( hold up bottle to tarzan ) - the best , Mr. tarzan - the best ! have a nip . ab - tarzan take bottle , try a sip . he spit out the liquor and instinctively hurl the bottle at a nearby boulder where it break in a hundred piece . , . tarzan whiskey bad . o' doul ( shaking he head ) youtre the last man in the world I would ever have take for a temperance worker , hr. tarzan -~ dissolve to : long shot - day = jungle trail : the safari move through the jungle . tarzan , and ofdoul head the safari on foot . behind they rumble two truck , and behind the truck the black be strung out . close medium shot ~ front of truck medford . drive first truck . in the seat with he be baroni and Boy . tumbo stand in truck just behind seat . Elliott drive second truck , with he be m'thona . close shot ~- moving tarzan and q'doul . ' the horn from first truck bark several time . ofdoul ( nodd back toward truck - speak to tarzan ) you ladt havin ' the time of he life with that horn , Mr. tarzan . tarzan look back , grin . tarzan no,3 5-19-41 4a ? ches . 157=X2=1 close shot ~ ( moving ) front seat of truck ( from tarzan 's angle ) Boy pound horn , 157-x2-2 back to tarzan and o'doul - ( moving shot ) tarzan ( grin ) make noise like small rhino . o' doul and not as good a noise , I will wager , there 's no - nechanical contraption . ¢an compare with the voice of a livin ' er'ature , tarzan ( grin - slap o' doul on back , almost break he in two ) o' doul smart man , o' doul ( rub he back ) thankee , Mr , tarzan - but another compliment like that a ! you will have a smart corpse on yer hand , ( he get himself together again ) aye -- there 's nothin ! 's like nature , it 's the natural cr'ature -- the little bird an' the beasty - it 's they that touch the cockle of yer heart -- o' doul stop suddenly , look off into jungle , camera stop ? tarzan continue on trail , exit shot , - 157=x2a close shot - o'doul a look of horror on he face , 157=x2b wed , close shot ~ jungle - ( stock ) hybird ( eckbird ) come out of brush , hobble grotesquely down toward o' doul , 157=x2c close shot =~ o'doul he be roote to the ground by he terror , o'doul ( whisper a call for help that can hardly be hear ) Mr , tarzan -- Mr , tarzan -- Mr , tarzan - = 157-x2f 157=x2g 157-x2h 157=x2t 157 - x3 48 close shot ~ hybird -( s'ock ) close shot - o'doul ' shudder , he throw he arm across he eye , the auto horn , near at hand now , sound over scene , '' ned . close shot - hybird . - ( stock ) at sound of horn , bird run for brush , disappear , . close shot ~ o'doul he drop he arm cautiously , look around . hed , shot - clearing no sign of hybird . mo . close shot ~ o'doul he be nervous a moment until he be sure bird be go , o' doul ( brokenly ) -- I will niver take another drink as long as I live - niver ! ( he turn and start after tarzan ) oh , Mr , tarzan{ -- Mr , fardan ! -- Mr , tarzan\ -- close shot - moving - front seat - truck medford , behind wheel , Boy sit between hin and baroni , tumbo stand . behind seat . Boy push horn with grent enjoyment , medford ( luughing - nod off ) o'doul just see a hybird and he think he have the horror , . baroni ( bored ~- disayreeably ) I do not know as T blame he , I think ilia vetting '' the horror myself , continued : i tarzan no.3 5m19-41 chgs . 157=x3 48a continued ( 2 ) medford ( grin ) too much jungle ? baroni ( with cold sarcasm ) no - I be just get feed up with this tour of the jungle we be make with - ( look at Boy - then , nod off at tarzan ) -- with the super - savage there , I have suppose we be a scientific expedition - but it begin to lcok as if we be collect curiosity for the circus , Boy blow horn , baroni give he a look of annoyance , Boy , unaware of baroni 's look , turn to tumbe , indicate horn , Boy ( to tumbo ) here , tumbo ~ you try push it . tumbo push the horn , baroni ( to boy ) have not you - have enough of that ? Boy ( seriously ) no , sir , baroni ( irritate ) well , I have have enough of it . stop it . Boy , surprised and hurt , slump back in seat , - continued : '' tarzan no.3 nee 157-x3 chgs 4 continued ( 2 ) yb medford ( after a while - to Boy ) when do we come to the escarpment , young fellow -~ have you any idea ? Boy pretty soon , now , sir , we will be able to see it when we get 's through the wood , ( boyishly ) it reach almost to the sky . baroni ( sourly ) that 's a help . . Boy if we have a airplane , we could fly up there , could not we -- couldnt we ? medford ( kid ) yes , indeed . I would have bring one along if tld think of it . . Boy ( boyishly ) I be go to buy a airplane when I get to civili - zation , I be go to buy a automobile , too - a big one , bigger than this one . ( proudly ) I be go to buy everything . gold busy every - thing , do not it ? neither baroni nor medford react . he feel a little flat . Boy reach into he loin cloth , fish out a pair of nugget , still neither man pay any attention , : Boy hold the nugget up for tumbo . Boy here , tumbo - take they - feel they - they buy every - thing . tumbo take one of the nugget , look at it without much interest . he return the nugget to Boy . the nugget fall to the floor of the car , Boy lean over , pick it up . as he pick up nugget , baroni notice the bold in the boy 's hand . baroni what 's that ? . Boy gold , : '' baroni ( curious ) gold ? con tinued : taraun no.3 5-7-41 chgs . 157=x3 49 continued ( 3 ) Boy yes , sir , gold , it busy everything . medford take he eye off the trail , see the gold , he almost lose control of the car . baroni and medford exehange glance , ' baroni put out he hand for the nugget . baroni ( try to be casual ) let I have a look at that , baroni study the nugget . after a moment baroni pass they over to medford who , divid - ing he attention with the road , study then also , medford pass nugget pack to Boy , medford ( friendly nov ) where would you get the gold , lad ? : Boy in the river where we go swim . baroni and medford exchange look again , baroni I sce , ( after a pause ) well , if I be you , little man , I would not tell anybody about that gold , it loge its value when you talk about it , Boy be puzzle , medford ( take up the iden + very friendly also ) gold be . tabu in civilization , lad = you do not sen - tion it to anyone , you keep it a secret ~ see ' Boy should not I tell the profess sor , even ? medford no , no , it would not be a secret , then . you better not even tell anyone you tell we , baront I will tell you something , - you keep the gold a real seeret -= und tell nobody ee and welll buy you a airplane all for yourself . Boy you will ? barvond wetlt buy . you two of they , continued : '' tarzor iu .8 | ge5-41 oes . 157 - 48 a ss 159-163 164 50 continued ( 4 ) Boy ( excited ) gee = then , tumbo can have one , medford ( nod ) and we will buy . you a automobile , too , can not he ? baroni we will buy you anything you want . Boy ( stir ) whee ... , ; ( out nugget away ) . it 's a secret , I will not tell anyone ever , medford you be sure ? ' Boy ( solemnly ) I promise , baroni ( pat Boy ) go ahead , boy - blow the horn if you feel like it . medford , sure = you go ahead and blow the horn all you want , Boy go after the horn , pound it exuberantly , baroni and medford exchange look , as they do , dissolve to : long shot . ( stock ) the precipice of the escarpment rising digzily against the sky on dissclye to . a series of dissolves ( stock ) show the expedition elimb the escarpment . dissolve to : wide angle - top of escarpment - day the safari reach top . tarzan and Boy be first over rim , o'doul and tumbo follow . o' doul be panting from the climb , tarzan give he call and turn back to guide rest of safari over top , continued : chas '' 2/17 /% arzan # 3 1 . 164 165 5oa continued ( 2 ) : Elliott come over top , stagger . tarzan _ grab he , support he . Boy puzzle , watch Elliott . . close shot - elliott , boy and tarzan Elliott ( he nand across he eye ) thank you , tarzan . ly head be spin there for a moment . tarzan escarpment high up» Elliott yes , it must be the altitude - ( brighten up - himself again ) but I be fine now , thanks . tarzan carefully watch nim . dane 's call be hear over shot . all react . '' soy listen rigidly a moment , then race out of scene . closer angle - shoot toward wood Jane swing down out of wood on virile . soy see Jane ; race toward she . dane wave excitedly at sight of soy . she race toward soy . they meet , embrace . tumbb and o'doul advance in beg. , tumbo trot on ahead . clo shot - jane ai boy sl Jane ( deliriously happy ) oh , darling .... darling .... where have you be ? where would y you go ? I have be so worriedt Boy ( try to pull out of embrace ) be you go to punish I , mother ? Jane ( have to smile ) no , dear -- not now - but you must never go away again . , .. never , what happen to you ? mon '' ( casually ) oh , '' nothing uct I approach ) ~ here 's tumbot wider angle . ore stop bashfully nearby . buli approach , o'doul , tarzan , cheeta , benind they , slliott , baroni and liea#ord appear sone distance 1n beg . Boy ( pull tusibo to mother - still excitedly ) this 1s tubo , nother ! he 's my best friend ! he can not talk very well yet , uouch - Jane ( hold out hend - smile ) happy to meet you , tunbo . fumbo ( hesitates - then , hook he little finger through Jane 's ) friend , Boy I meet tuubo just before the rhino be joing to kill he -- Jane ( stunne ) a rhino ! what rhino ? Boy ( with a sway , ‘er ) oh , a big one , but it rix hiuh that wo before we come into the plague : -- Jane ( nearly pass out ) Plague ! Boy ( to elepnant who have come up besiue hin ) ' lo , bult ! cowl inued 's apg . continued ( 2 ) Jane ( frighten ) boyt what plague ? tell meet Boy ( nonchalantly cocky ) . the plague in tumbo 's village . it do not scare I , though . ( o' doul approach ) look = here 's Mr. o' doull he come just when I be go to fight they -- _ dane ( in panic now ) pight ? fight whom ? Boy ( nonchalantly ) the ubardi.e there be thousand of they . ( to o'doul who be now beside they ) be not the : , lir . o' doul ? this be Mr. o' doul , mother dane ( bewilder , force a smile ) how do you do , Mr. o'doul . tarzan and cheeta enter scene . o' doul ( bow ) it 's a great pleasure , indeed , madam . Jane ( try to get a grip on herself ) please excuse I , hire q'dould at the moment I do not know whether I be come or go . . ( to tarzan ) tarzan -~ cheeta make a grab for o'doul 's camera which be strapped to he shoulder . o! doul push he away o'doul glwan , ye little scalliwagl - an! do not be a-botherin ! yer elder , o'doul back out of scene . cheeta follow hin . Jane ( continue with tarzan ) ' tarzan == what - be this horriblo tales} . dre they true ? , tarzan Boy have boe time . grin - rough up bo Little tarzan . . p Boy ) here 's Mr , elli tee ( ox ary I he : ° mother ! - and lir . baroni Mr. medfordl , '. 7 and 167-x2 167-x3 167 - x4 53 wide angle - group Elliott , baroni , and medford approach . o' doul can be see in beg . close shot - o'doul he stand near tree , focus camera , camera swing up into : close shot - cheeta in tree above o'doul cheeta , on protrude limb , watch o! doul below . mo . close shot as Elliott and other enter . Jane ( smile ) how do you do , gentleman . baroni , medford ( together ) how do you do , madam - please to meet you . Boy ( to jene ) they come gust when the ubardi set fire to I . the fire be burn my foot , too - but I : be not scared -- ( to Zlliott ) '' be I , Mr. Elliott ? ho jeane , in panic again , look from one to the other . Jane ( try hard to force a smile ) lease , gentleman , maybe before I lose my mind you can tell I what happen -~ Elliott het all right , madam . you can see that he come to no harm . continued : continued ( 2 ) pltasel . all of yet look this way , no look this way all turn quickly , look . o' doul be set with camera to take picture of group . o' doul ( grin ) thankee , thankee all -- it 's a veritable master= piecel he snap picture . as he do , cheeta , leaping from the tree , land on he back , knock o'doul forward o'doul drop camerae cheeta pick up the camera and race for the wood with it . Boy start after she in chase . Boy ( as he run ) cheeta ! cheetat Jane ( try to keep from laugh ) oh , I be sorry , Mr. o'doul . . o' doul ( with effort ) think nothint of it , ma be - it 's a playful little ertature she be -- ( then , sputtering under nis breath ) the little , hairy divil ! dissolve tos 167-x5 close up = insert - night o' doul 's hand shuffle a photo print about in a pan of developer wash . the picture vaguely take form , and be see to be tarzan , Jane , and groupe 168 - 171 we ' 172 medium close shot - group around o!doul - safari camp = Boy and tumbo , fascinate , watch o'doul as he develop picture in pan on camp table near tent . cheeta hop around on table . tarzan stand over they watch , but somewhat aloof . camera pan along safari camp tot ° mut.tuy close shot = jane and elliott seat watch the other . a come ( fie slo . ache ( 19/41 172 172-4 173 55 continued ( 2 ) Jane ( smile at group ) Boy 's have the time of he life . just think he 's never see a photograph before . < = elliot ( quietiy ) there do not seem to be any need for that sort of thing in this beautiful private world you have here . I feel almost like a intruder , here -~ . Jane ( interrupt ) . but you be not , Professor -- you be a friend and welcome gucst .s we hope to have you stay with we for a long time . : elliot I would like to -= indeed , I would like nothing better than to spend the rest of my day here but <= I be afraid we will have to push on . we have a job ahead of we . Jane ( smile ) : after youlre here a while , you ' 11 discover that job be not nearly so important as you think they were Boy 's Voice ( o«8 . = excitedly ) look ! everybody 's lose they headst Jane and Elliott turn to look , smile . close medium shot .- group at table - o' doul ~ yes , I lad , they be lostall right -- he glare at checta ) -- and for that ye can thank you fine little furry friend here . he make a face at cheeta . cheeta respond by grab the picture and run off with ite Boy chasc she . checta scoot into a nearby tent . . o' doul ( shake he head sadly ) if . she be mine , Mr. tarzan , I would have she examine e- and I would waste no timo about it oithor . full shot ~ interior o'doul be tant - Boy for ollow cheata into tont , cornor hor on table , tak .s picture and exit with it . chccta examine various article on table = try o'doul 's hat on , poke around a movie camera , ate. until sho cone across a bottle continuud 173-x1 174 175 176 177 55-a continued ( 2 ) of irish whiskey . cheeta take a swallow of the whiskey , sput - ter ~ put the bottle down . she turn away from bottle as if she want no part of it - then , suddenly find the taste to she like - ing , she turn back to the bottle and begin to gurgle it gown . cheeta get a bun on , exit . medium shot - exterior o'doul' tent + cheeta stagger out of tent , roll around on ground , look up and see - mo . close shot - boy , baroni and medford - at telescope Boy be look through telescope . tumbo stand just behind he , close up - insert ~ telescofic shot . & full moon 's show its mountain and crater . Boy 's Voice ( over shot ) but I can not see the man in the Moon now . where be . he go to ? medium close shot ~ group at . telescope baroni ( he like destroy illusion ) there 's no man in the Moon ~ that 's just a illusion . the face you sce be only the shadow of the mountain andcrater on the moon . Boy pull back from telescope . tumbo step upe Boy ( he excitement go - speak almost sadly ) oht I use to dike htm . ew hy look will friendly . continued : tarzan # 3 '' chgs« 177 2-19-41 pryr 56 continued ( 2 ) medford ( be very comradely ) you have get new friend now , sonny . ( pat he ) Ana , by the way , when be you go to show we the place where you get the gold ? Boy ( look carefully about camp ) you mean the secret ? ( baroni and medford nod - Boy whisper ) tomorrow morning - before anyone 's up ? baroni. ( nod ) good . . medford fine : ( medford see Jane and Elliott . approach - raise he voice ) how would you like to look through a microscope to - morrow ? it 's a machine that make little thing rok big -- it will make a hair look as large asa of + continued : l7é 179 180 181 182-189 continued ( 2 ) 57-60 Boy whee -- I certainly would -- Jane and Elliott come to telescope . Jane I be so happy Boy be get a chance to see somo of the wonder of science . I will never be able to thank you gentlomen . baroni and modford it 's nothing matt , - only too glad to do it . -- Jane ( to Boy ) Professor Elliott have arrange another surprise for you -~ movie , Boy ( puzzle ) movie ? what 's that ? Jane ( laugh ) you wait and soe . Elliott ( smile ) I think o'doul have the projection machine set up nows . Jane come on Boy - and you , too , tumbo . hlliott , Jane , Boy and tumbo exit . Elliott and medford exchange look . close shot = bsroni and mzdford baroni ( with a little smile ) it look as though we will be get up early in the morning . '' medford ( grin ) I 'a be willing to stay up all night . they exite close shot - chhhta - sii# stand wavering oi her fuet - tha telescope off catch hor eye . mediul shot - telescope - as see by chaeta - medium close shot - cheeta - ' she Zigezag toward telescope . out | zs 190 191 192 193 194 196 197 6 / we close shot - at telescope cheeta enter , look telescope over , finally , she put she eye to the wrong end of the tele - scope . what she see , make she jump erazily . she take she eye away from glass , try to find beyond what she see through telescope , then return to glass , she jabber wildly . mo , long siot - buli , the elephant - graging at edge of caup just within circle of light of outpost lamp . close up - insert - what cheeta sees . - ( telescopic shot ) the elephant look the size of a fly through wrong end of telescope , . , cheeta 's jabber continue over shot . mo , close shot ~ at telescofe cheeta , baffle , spin the telescope about on its pivot . she get the right end , squint through it , she be quict a moment , close shot - a dragon fly be buz around in AIR a few fret beyond tl telescope flirt with the flame of a oil lamp , suddenly , a wild jabbcring be hcard from cheeta . mlb , closh shot - chesta at telescope - she jump up and down , jabbery crazily , close up + the fly as chebta sees it the fly , look like some terrifying prehis~ toric winge wonoter , approach telescope , grow larger as it do so , . cheota lot go a acream of friynt . 198 199 201-x1 202 62 " wide angle ~ at telescope cheeta have see enough , she cover she face with she arm and stumble away from telescope . another angle - cawip - near buli cheeta , she face still hide behind she arus , stumble into scene . buli turn , look she over . off scene , a locomotive whistle scream . - cheeta drop she guard , look . buli look . mo . shot - from chezta' and buli be angle - what they see . the movie have begin . the white ara groupod about a portable projoction wachine , its curront supplicd by a small gas generator . o' doul operatc machine . safari black glido in and out of darkness and huddle in group on grass , stare spollbound at scrocn . the locomotive of um gxpress sour qui tlagns toward camera , its whistle shricue . safari black shako in fcar . close angle - cheeta and buli cheeta give a screech of fright and streak for wood . buli trumpet and rumble after she . full shot - clearing before tarnain' home the movie and the. spectator - shoot from bshind projoctor . : the reaction of the crowd be many and mix . bowildermont , pleasure , fear , all be give expression . 208 209 210 63 a series of close shot of ih spectator illustrate the reaction : the black in fear or awe ; tarzan , calm , aloof ; Jane , near Elliott , excited and pleased ; baroni and medford , bored ; Boy and tumbo bewil - dere , amused , excited , mo , close shot - jane , tarzan , medford , baroni and elliott all face intent on picture . Jane ( vhisper to tarzan ) be not it exciting ? tarzan do not answer , continue to watch screen with a impassive , brocd face . medford ( nod toward screen ) there 's speed for you , tarzan -- mo , shot - screen a express train speed out of distance and roar by camera , back to grouf medford that train go a hundred mile a hour , ( train mention to be deterriin by shot use ) tarzan ( without expression ) why ? medford ( amused at the silly que ~ tion ) it get you there faster , tarzan why ? medford ( patiently ) you save time , of course , : : tarzan what do with time ? continued : 210 ell 212 213 214-£1e 220 continued ( 2 ) . be Elliott laugh , medford squirm , annoyed , Elliott I be afraid he have you there , hiedford , close shot ~ jane and tarzan affectionately , she put she hand on he . close shot - boy and tumbo they eye fairly pop out , wide angle - the clearing on the sereen , various shot of city with its auto , ship , etc . a huge transport plane , shine in the sun , glide toward camera , Jane ( point to screen ) look , Boy -~ there 's a airplane . Roy ( rise in he seat ) look ! tumbo ! ah airplane , tumbo ! -~ that 's what Mr , baroni 's go to get we when we get the gold ! look} Ali turn , stare at Boy , 4& series of clossuf tarzan , alert ; Jane , bewildercd ; Elliott , thoughtful ; baroni and medford , annoycd ; o'doul , curious , - close shot - boy and tumbo they continue to starc excitedly at the screen , Boy be completely unaware of what he 's say , wide angle ~ the clearing the movie come to a stop , silence . o' doul turn on a work light . the safari black slip away ; the white be alone , there be definite é5 continued ( 2 ) Jane ( after a moment - very quickly ) Boy , I think you better go up to bed now , it 's long past you bedtime , Boy ( protest ) but , mother , I be not a bit sleepy . bo ' tarzan ( sharply ) y get there be . silence a moment . Boy ( finally ) come on , tumbo . ( the two boy move toward the house ) ' night , everybody . Jane , Elliott and o'doul good night . - good night , lad , - see you tomorrow . there be a moment 's tense silence , Jane ( finally - she have to find out ) Mr , baroni , my boy say something a minute ago about you , and gold , and a airplane -- I do not quite catch what he mean -- baroni stall , light ea cigarette . Elliott yes , baroni , what be that all 2 bout ? baroni ( at ease now ) nothing much , ( smile ) it 's just - well , the other day the little fellow tell I he would find gold up here on the escarpment , naturally -- : Elliott gold up here $ o' doul glory be} ~- we will all be rich} Jane and tarzan be stunne , baroni notice they reaction , baroni ( go on = very casual ) -- so , naturally , I tell he what a great picee of luck that would be . I tell he some of the thing he could buy with gold - like the uirplane -- continued : tarzan no.3 5-21-41 chgs , 220 66 continued ( 3 ) tarzan 's face darken - he be about to speak , Jane , see this , break in , Jane ( quickly - with little too much emphasis ) oh , but that 's such nonsense , boy tell the most fantastic tale - baroni ( suspect they be cover up = smile ) of course , and I would not : have give it a second think , 1f =- ( make he point coolly ) -- if the lad have not show I several gold nugget he have with he -- . Jane ( too quickly again ) oh - ( recover - force a smile ) Boy might have come across they on he travel -- ( try to joke ) -+ he be on he way to civilization , you know , baroni be aware of the truth now . baroni ( after a pause ) well , that 's that , I be afraid the Boy be go to be disappointed , Elliott ( suspicious ) but , baroni.= why do not you mention this gold business before ? baroni . ( easily - anile ) it seem a little hard to believe , Professor , I be go to wait and dig around a dit — tarzan ( suddenly ) not . : medford ( flaring up ) wait a minute , this be any man 's country up here , tarzan , nobody own this part of the world . tarzan ( advane fiercely on medford - who give way before he ) tarzan 's country , Jane tarzan , please} ( tarzan step back a pace , but remain tense ) this be not anybody 's country , mire medford , it 's we home } continued : - continued ( 4 ) : '' 7 Elliott ( quickly ) and we would be very poor guest indeed if we repaid you hospitality by do anything to displease tarzan or yourself . turn to medford and baroni ) I know you will agree with I on that point , gentleman , tarzan ( suddenly ) Jane come , go home , tarzan start out , o' doul ( sigh - turn back to _ projector , shaking he head ) ah , I be afraid the o'doul 's be bear to be poor to the end of they day . tarzan ( call back ) Jane come ! Jane ( try to be offhand ) : come ! . ( she turn to follow tarzan ) good night , - and thank you very much for the film , Elliott good night and slecp easily , we lcave tomorrow morning , and you and you family will have you home to yourselves again . all good night . it be we pleasure -- good night -- lite , : Jane and tarzan disappear , there be silence , o'doul be at projector , go about dismantle it , Z11iott look baroni and wedford over , Elliott ( finally - gravely ) I hope , gentleman , we will have no more talk of gold , this ig a scientific expedition and I will not per - mit it to - turn . into a gold hunt , . medford ( sullenly } be you afraid of that savage ? . Elliott no , it be not that - though I do not believe we would have a chance aguinst he in the juntlo , tt 's sinply we have be give to understand there 's no gold to be have hore , and I boliove it . continued : i tarzan no.3 5a21—41 ches. 920 eel 222 223 68 " continued ( 5 ) Elliott ( continue ) I want to believe it , I like tarzan , he 's create a beautiful home in this paradise here , and I would not . want to see it overrun and destroy . , ( he pause - when he speak , he speak quietly ) I trust you gentleman will feel the same way . good night . he turn on . he heel and move quickly toward tent , baroni and medford , disturb , look after he , suddenly , o'doul stagger and col - lapse , bareni and medford go quickly to he . o' doul be ill . he shake he head to rid he - self of he wooziness , . o' doul ( weakly ) thank ye , it 's a little touch of vertigo that hit I == ( force a grin ) for a moment there , I think maybe I would be drinkin ! - o' doul get to he foot . medford ( coolly ) you better get to bed . medford and baroni exchange look . baroni you better get to bed and stay there , dissolve to : yes . out full shot - boy' room tarzan enter , Jane behind he , tarzan go directly toward Boy 's bed , closer angle ~ at bed as tarzan and Jane come to bedside , Boy toss , mumble in he sleep . continued '' ae 223 224 225 6 of ' continued ( 2 ) ' tarzan ( grimly ) boyt Jane ( quickly ) sh-heh -- do not wake he now , tarzan , : ( she bend over he , listen ) ~ '' poor little fellow - he 's mumble about airplane -- Boy stop talk , look as if he be go ' to wake , Jane and targan watch , Boy settles back to sleep . Jane ( feel Boy ' 's forehead , whisper ) he seem a little feverish . ( worriedly , shaking she '' head ) I hope all this excitement have not upset he , come -- ( start out ) you can talk to he in the morning when the excite - ment 's over , as Jane and tarzan exit , dissolve to : wide angle - river ~ early morning baroni and medford stand on bank watch water , on ground , just behind they , be a rifle , after a moment , Boy pop out of water , swim to shore . closer angle ~ bank as Boy climb out of river . he have a single gold nugget in he hand . he give it to baroni , baroni and medford be on edge with excitement , Boy that 's the last one , Mr , baroni , baroni ( disappointed ) be you sure ? Boy yes , Sir , I hunt all over the bottom , there 's no more , continued : 225 70 continued ( 2 ) medford ( hold up a few nugcet in he hand ) it 's not much , be it ? both man be disappointed . Boy ( timidly ) be - it - be it enough to buy a airplane ? the man ignore the boy . baroni ( shake he head think - fully as he stare at river ) there must be more of it , there have to be more of it . Boy ( try to be helpful ) tarzan know where there 's a whole mountain of it , the two man wheel on Boy , medford and baroni ( together ) he doest - he know where there 's more} Boy ( nod ) that 's what he say , baroni ( to medford ~ he eye alight ) I know it . I know there be more of it . ( hold up nugget ) this be not river gold ! it 's come from some vein of almost solid metal - ( greed strain he face ) -- a great mother lode , perhaps . wide angle - baroni ~ medford ~ and boy on bank , tarzan in tree tarzan swing out on vine , and drop preci - pitately near party . he look from one man to the other , Boy . squirm a little , realize some - thing be wrong . baroni ( try to carry it off - smile ) good morning , tarzan , do you know we be all wrong last night ? you little lad here 's much smarter than we think , . medford sir , we have news for you , tarzan , look -- . ( show a lot of naygute ) - real gold , yes , continued : tarzan . no ,3 5-22-41 chgs . 226 71 continued ( 2 ) ' tarzan ( burn ) Men lie last night ! medford listen - will you , tarzan -- | during last speech , Jane have come out of wood , she run directly the Boy , who stand a short distance away from group . Jane ( to Boy ) oh , here you be $ I have be look everywhere for you , ( then , to tarzan - she 's puzzle by they 's tension ) what 's the matter , tarzan ? medford ( quickly ) we be just show tarzan some gold the lad here bring up from the river . ( gesture to Boy ) fe tell we tarzan know where there 's a lot more of the Jane stiffen , look at tarzan , tarzan Men get baroni ( quickly ) madam , there 's great wealth here for ali of we , if we be sensible about it -- medford ( appeal to she ) you ean be one of the richest woman in the world -- vane I have no wish to be . last night I tell you this be we home here , I be hope you would consider it so -~ tarzan ( interrupt impatiently - stride toward baroni and medford ) tarzan say go} medford ( rebel ) just a minute -- medford leap for gun , get it , but before he can use it , tarzan tear it from he and send medford 's sprawling , tarzan break gun over a rock , heave it into river , tarzan turn to Jane and Boy , tarzan Jane - Boy = home get ( to baroni and medford , point to wood ) joy continued :. _ sy : 2 2 2 : 26 28 ubardi plague , tarzan cure , versus continued ( 3 ) Jane and Boy move along the river , baroni and medford start off , tarzan behind they , dissolve to : wide angle - camp medford and baroni enter , tarzan still behind they , he have opviously drive they before he from the river , Elliott , puzzle , meet they by the tent , medford ( quickly ) the man 's a mad man , frofessor . , there be gold up here -. just as the boy say , Elliott ( look over baroni and medford ) I see , baroni : there 's every indication of a extraordinarily rich vein of it -- . tarzan safari go} blliott ( to tarzan ) I be sorry , tarzan , I do not know of this or it would not have happen , ( look toward tent ) we would be ready to start now , if o'doul have not suddenly be take ill , he 's a very sic k man at the moment . we will leave immediately he 's well , : at mention of o'doul be ill , tarzen step forward , tarzan Little man sick ? Elliott ( neds toward tent ) a touch of fever , abruptly , tarzan stride into tent , Elliott follow hin , ull shot - interior tiliwt - varzan by o'doul on cot . o' doul , stretch out . on cot , have a blanket throw over he , vurzan vous to cot , examine o' doul , Elliott join tarzan beside o'doul , . taraun ( to klillott ) continumd 's 73 continued ( 2 ) tarzan swiftly exit , Elliott go to o'doul 'ts cot . o' doul ( whisper ) be - be Mr , tarzan go ? Elliott yes , but he will be back soon , I be pretty sure . o' doul . then , I want to tell ye somethin’ about he , I be back in old Dublin just now -- blliott ( quickly - concerned ) take it easy , Dennis , I would not talk too much now , o' doul ( weakly but clearly ) I mind 's not wanderin ' , Professor . would ye kindly let I have a sip of cool water ? ( o' doul drink water Elliott give he ) yis , that 's where I be just now , back in 014 Dublin - ih a driftin ' mist I be -- a ! the mist be gettin ! thicker a ' I be sort of driftin ' with it , like I be givin ' up the ghost , JI be departin ' herc , Professor , I be certain I be , -- 4 and then -- ( take a breath ) ~- ant then , Mr , tarzan walk in , I stop , I could not go on , I could not , he put he hand on I head , a ' it yank I back to life as sudden as a rope aroun ! I body , ( sigh ) 4h , he 's a vital man , Mr , tarzan be - a live a ! iivin ' vital man , he 's get life to spare , he have , - yis , ( shake head weakly ) it 's hard dyin ' when Mr , tarzan 's about . tarzan enter , go swiftly to table with a. bunch of branch bear a grape-like fruit . quickly , he squeeze juice into a cup . Elliott watch hin , tarzan Medicine cure , continued : 228 229 230 continued ( 3 ) . gob tarzan go to o'doul 's cot , give he juice , o' doul make a face after finish the drink , tarzan ( speak almost gently ) better soon , '' o' doul ( gratefully - with whisper emotion ) thankee , thankee , it 's a fine Christian you be , Mr , tarzan , he 's way as o'doul speak , cheeta come chatter into tent , excitedly , she go to tarzan , jabber in he ear , tarzan stiffen in sudden concern and stride swiftly from the tent . cheeta , jjabber , follow hin , Elliott , puzzle , walk to tent exit , look after he , dissolve tos out live room - tree house tarzan stride across room to Boy 's room . boy' rcom - Boy be in bed . Jane lean over he , spong ~ - ing he face with cold water , tumbo stand in corner , look on with wide , fearful eyus . Boy be in 's a coma , tarzan enter . dane turn a worricd face toward tarzan , Jane ( strain ) terribly sick , tarzan , he collapse on the back from the’ river . tarzan quickly ' examine Boy . tarzan ( calmly ) ubardi plague , not Jane ( panic begin ) not targan tarzan cure , get modieine , continued : 231 232-x1 75 continued ( 2 ) tarzan start to go but Jane hold to he , Jane I be afraid , darling - I be terribly afraid ~- tarzan ( gently ) tarzan cure , Jane ( suddenly . - emotionally ) oh , tarzan -- tarzan -- we should never have let nin go out in the jungle by himself , it 's my fault , he will - he will die , tarzan push she away from he ~ gently . tarzan tarzan get medicine . Boy better soon , tarzan swiftly exit . Jane slowly turn back to bed , she lean over Boy , sponge he face again . a sob escape she , after a moment , Jane become aware of scared , little tumbo , érouch in corner , she stare at he , get 's a idea , swiftly , she go to Boy 's write material on table , begin to write . close up - insert - jane's handwriting Professor Elliott : - Boy be very ill , would you kindly come -- as she write , dissolve to : mo , close shot - at one of truck in safari camp baroni be strapping on a revolver . medford stund at hand , hold a rifle , baroni ( smile ) ~~ you must remember that we Professor 's turn out to be a very pious man lately . he talk about this jungle up hene as if it be actually paradise - and he already hud wing , continuld '' 232-x1 238 76 continued ( 2 ) medford ( coldly ) well , do not you think it 's high time we bring hin down 's to earth ? baroni ( finish with revolver - turn away ) come on , we will go over and talk to he , int . o'doul' tent o' doul , unconscious , be stretch out under blanket on he cot . on a second cot across tent , Elliott , fully dress , relax , he draw he hand back and forth across he forehead , apparently he be not well . o' doul stir , mumble unintelligibly , Elliott get up , go to table , pick up cup of berry juice and cross to o'doul with it . . Elliott put he hand on o'doul 's head , then try he pulse , Elliott ( finally - to o'doul , still unconscious ) well , you fever 's break , Dennis , I do not think you heed any more medice for a while , Elliott put cup of juice back on table and return weakly to cot , baroni and medford enter , Elliott ( look they over ) I be glad you have come , gentleman . ( nod at other cot ) ol doul 's get better , tarzan 's medicine do the trick , : medford ( study he ) you look a little under the weather yourself , Professor , how do you feel ? Elliott . oh , I be all right - just a little rocky at the moment , I will come out of it , ( after a pause ) we will break camp the first thing tomorrow morning , o'doul will be able to travel then , continued : tt ll ' lgpien 1090 5-20-41 chgs . 233 _ continued ( 2 ) baroni ( coolly ) we have no intention of leave . the escarpment , Professor - not for a little while , in any event . ' Elliott ( with effort ) you be still member of this expedition , and I be still in charge . medford ( almost casually ) we be not interested in the expedition at the moment , Elliott look up at the two man , they attitude be confident , superior , there be a pause , the gun be obvious , Elliott ( finally indicate gun ) I see . so that 's what the gun be all about . ( shaking he head slowly - smile ) and you be the gentleman who look upon tarzan as some sort of barbarian , ( he rise , shaky , he hold to a chair for support ) well , I be sure of one thing , - I be sure he will know how to deal with you . he be weaker - he sit down on cot again , there be silence as baroni and medford watch Elliott . Elliott 's head drop as if he be go to pass out . after a moment , Elliott look up at the two man , sense they attitude of triumph , he try to get up to reach the cup of juice on the table and he can not make it . medford reach for cup to give to he , baroni stay he hand , baroni ( to medford ) allow I = please , baroni reach for the cup but he hand - ' intentionally but apparently by accident = knock the cup over . its content spill _ to the ground , Elliott 's pain-stricken face show he rea - lization of what have be do , he slump ' back on hia cot , pass out , in the load silence , medford stare at baroni , but baronit expression do not change . tumbo slip into tent . he look over at Elliott , then give note he carry to baroni _ who reada it and pagsaa it to medford , ravonl start to walk out , suddenly he stop and turn back , : continued : yarzan will , o0 57-41 chgs. 233 234 78 continued ( 3 ) baroni let I see that again , surprise , medford hand he the papyrus , baroni read note again and as he raise he head and stare off , we see a idea dawn in he eye , dissolve to : wide angle - boy' room baroni and medford enter , tumbo slip in behind they , Jane , at bedside , turn quickly toward they , she be chagrine at not find Elliott . dane on =~ baroni the Professor be down with the fever himself , madam . I have have some experience in medicine , ( a slight pause ) I think perhaps I inight be able to help -- Jane ( at a loss ) Boy 's so ill , I do not know what to do . baroni go to Boy , quickly examine he in a professional manner - pulse , eye , etc . ( nod ) : what have you do for himy baroni het a very sick boy . Jane tarzan 's give he he medicine . tarzan enter unnotice in b.g , cheeta be behind ine , baroni ( shrug ) I see , it 's hard to tell much about thes se so-called natural renee ty ( oase o' doul be worse , dane ( sharply concerned ) the medicine do not help he ? medford no , ma be , he 's much worse . continued : 234 have 79 continued ( 2 ) tarzan step forward , his dislike of baroni and medford be obvious . tarzan Men lie Jane turn to tarzan . Jane ( quietly ) please , tarzan - wr , baroni and Mr. medford have come here to help we . tarzan Medicine cure , Boy better soon , Jane ( distraught ) I wish I could be sure , tarzan -~- ( turn back to bed ) ~- but he 's so very ill - and it 's not ordinary fever -- it 's plague , tarzan step forward , put he arm affection - ately around Jane , tarzan ( gently ) Boy better . tarzan know , Jane sob , - baroni and medford watch . medford swallow , baroni remain hard , cold , baroni ( casual ) we have a medicine that might help , Madame , sulfas myradol , it 's a new drug that work wonder in '' gase tike this . lr , Elliott 's already send a runner for some . Jane ( spin around - face he ) where ? medford we foolishly leave it with the truck at the foot of the escarpment . baroni the runner should be back in a day or two . Jane ( look at Boy - she voice strain ) a day or two ? it may be too late , baroni ( gravely ) yes - it might , continued & 80 204 continued ( 3 ) Jane ( suddenly ) tarzan will go for it . he travel swiftly , he will be back by morning , | | | medford ( quickly ) | . that 's a good idea , | baroni ( gravely ) ) yes - it ig a good idea , tarzan ( look at medford and baroni ) no , Jane ( emotional ) but you have to go , tarzan} tarzan tarzan 's medicine cure , Jane ( go to he = plead ) please , tarzan . ~ we can not leave anything undone , I have great faith in you , darling , always - but if anything happen to Boy , we would never forgive we ~ — selve - never , ( throw she arm around tarzan 's neck -- break ) : oh , tarzan - if you love I -- if you love Boy - you must go , you must , tarzan ( finally - quietly ) tarzan go , : Jane kiss he , . baroni ( quickly ) the native guard at the truck will give it to you tarzan , it 's a special medical kit - a small , white tin box . tarzan move quickly to bedside , touch Boy 's face , then exit , Jane follow he to door , Jane ( plead - we he go ) hurry , tarzan - hurry . Jane turn back to 's baroni and medford , Jane ( gratefully ) thank you , thank you both , baroni and medford move toward door , baroni '' i ) the sulfamyrodol will do the work if anything will , b iy continued : 234-x2 235 235-x1 236 236--x1 . 236-2 236-X2a out continued ( 4 ) Jane , medford and baroni exit . '' close shot - tumbo he watch medford and baroni as they exit ~ a sharp look of suspicion on he face . he look over at Boy , then tiptoe toward door . dissolvs to : close shot - zxpedition be camp - night native in moonlight noiselessly strike tent , prepare for road . . closh shot - tumbo in not ood he hide behind tree , stick he head fur - tively out of dark , watch clear . mo shot - clharing - as see ' by tunbo ( tumbo in shot ) baroni and medford come out of a tent , move away swiftly toward edge of clear . we medium shot - a grassy spot at edg of clearing = in the moonlight , o'doul be push a stake into ground at one end of hlliott 's grave . the grave . be cover with stone pile in a rough oblong . o' doul finish with the stake and pick up Elliott 's helmet for : the grass nearby , place it on top of the low stake . have - do this , he step back and reverently remove he own helmet , hold it against he breast in he two hand , as he head bow in what might woll be a prayor . continued : continued ( 2 ) bla as o'doul bow there , medford and baroni come into scene , step out of dark background into moonlight . Ill at ease , they watch o'doul a moment . '' a . baroni ( finally - coldly ) '' all right , o'doul - if you be finish there , you d better get move . medford right ! and see to it the equipment be pack for the road . we will be back in half a hour . baroni and medford continue on , . disappear in - wood , o'doul , with a last look at the grave , move back toward clear . 236-x2b . - ' mo . shot - train in wood baroni and medford move quickly through moon - light and shade along trail in direction of tarzan 's home . 236=x3 closzup - tumbo in wood - watching . fear on he face . he pull back , dart away into jungle , - dissolv= . to : 236-x4 - 240 out . 241 , clearing before tarnan's tree top house - mo : ning sunny , tranquil . tarzan 's distent call be hear from wood . it be repeat nearer . 0h sparzan # 3 hange /20/41 241-x1 241-xx2 241-x3 24l@x4 tw ~ 02 82 closer angle - clearing nzar wood tarzan and tumbo swing out on a vine ~ tarzan hold tumbo - and ake a landing . tarzan race across clear . close shot ~- in wood at hdce of clsaring mthona , with sub-moachine ready , peer . furtively out of wood , watch tarzan . mo . shot - at tarnan's house ( stock ) tarzan run into scene , swing himself up to lend . close shot - clearing dumbo stand lock up 2t house , anxiety on he face . tarnan's live rook tarzen rush in , go to Jane 's room . tarzan ( call - as he senrches ) Jane ! Boy ! Janet boyt Janet ile go to live rooa , .s barcni enter from Boy 's room . cont tnued : 5 -10 -41 chges . tarzan no +3 242 83 continued ( 2 ) baroni ( evenly ) they be all right , tarzan , ' they be fine , do you know , you be right about you medicine ? it cure the little fellow - ( make a vanish gesture with one hand ) - just like that , marvelous medicine , really . tarzan ( impatient ) where Jane ? where eoy ? baroni put the table between himself and tarzan , baroni I tell you they be all right . ( pause ) there 's something I would like the talk to you about , tarzan - ( extremely casual ) : - I would like to talk to you about that gold , tarzan suddenly hurl himself across table , seize baroni 's throat , tarzan where Jane ? where Boy ? baroni be limp , be choke , unable to answer , tarzan realize this , loosen . he grip . tarzan where take they ? baroni recover , massage he neck , baroni that will not get you anything , it 's no good to kill ue , ( coolly ) you better quiet down or you will never see you family again , tarzan ( strive to control himself ) where Elliott ? baroni _ Elliott ? oh , he 's go , the fover for he , tarzan ( sharply ) tarzun understand , baroni ( continue quickly ) but you family 's all right , thoy be over with medford , - ( watchos tarzan , carofuliy ) continued [ @ ie larzan will . 5-10 -41 chgs , 242 243-244 245 246 247 247=x1 84 continued ( 3 ) baroni ( continue ) the idea 's this - if you will let I explain it , you show I where that gold come from , and you family will be return to you , safe and sound , ( tarzan hesitates - he cannot bring himself to realize defeat ) the sooner you show I where the gold be , the sooner you will - have you family back with you . targan ( give in ) how tarzan know ? : baroni ( shrugging ) all we want be the gold , that should not be hard to understand , tarzan stand a moment - defeat , then , quickly , he straighten up . tarzan - come} tarzan stride out of room . dissolve to : we wide angle - exterior chasm - tarzan and baroni a sparsely wood slope rise up from a deep chasm , tarzan and baroni ascend slope . close shot ~ ( ioving ) w'hona , with machine gun , follow ut a safe distance . close shot ( stock ) cheeta swing along through tree near chasm , close shot - ( moving ) tumbo move cautiously ulong through brush , want 249 250-x1 250-x2 nd 50 . ~ ° mo . shot - crest of slope well tarzan , baroni enter . tarzan point down other side of sloze , intercut with small crevassese baroni leap into a nearby crevass close shot ~ baroni in crevasse his face be agitate with greed , as not look around hime there be hunk of gold - bearim shale tumble about . he fill a pouch he carry with luap of the shale . msd . shot - tarzan at zdge of crevasse - baroni below tarzan have carry out he end of the bargain . tarzan ( fiercely impatient ) where Jane and Boy ? baroni recall himself to he surroundings with @n effort . he climb back up the side of the rifte he point along the chasm . baroni you know the little lake on the other side of the cut , where the chasm end ? tarzan ( nod ) - tarzan know baroni that 's where they be - with medford . tarzan wait to hear nomore - he shove baroni fiercely out of he way , toppling he pack against a boulder and turn quickly , race back down slope toward chasm . close shot - baronti ile pick himself up , a grim look on he face . ligd . shot - at crev4sse ( Ed ; , e of wood see in beg ) baroni look quickly towards wood . m'hona come out furtively .. laroni wave . m'hona -. run out quickly . - close shot ~ iimront m'hona run into shot , give baroni machine gun . baroni whip it to he shoulder . tarzan no.3 §- 19 - 41 ches , 252 253 254 254-x1 255-X1~-255-X14 '255-x1b 255-x1c 86 full shot - tarzan at chash tarzan have seize a giant vine and have draw it . back for a dare swing over chasm , the chasm be a abrupt fissure in the earth such as be leave by great earthquake . it be some three hundred foot deep , some seventy or eighty foot wide . a ribbon of river can be secn at bottom , tarzan be considerable distance back from rim when he start he swing , he run forward , leap , rise in air , the crackle of the mar - chine gun break out sharply , tarzan look back in surprise , close shot - baroni firing m'hona tense beside he . mo . close shot ~ ( process ) tarzan swinging out over chasm , crackle of '' machine gun continue , the vine above tarzan 's hand be cut by the bullet . long shot - tarzan swinging over chasm ( from baroni 's angle , ) one strand hold a moment - then break , tarzan fall out of baroni 's sight , full shot ~ chasm as tarzan fall , the momentum of he 's swing carry he across toward opvosite wall of chasm , out close angle - ledge on opposite wali of canon tarzan falis toward ledge somo forty tact below rim of canon , closer angle ~ the ledge it jut out some fifteen foot and be about twenty fout acrog , taraan ttalla inte thick brush that break he fall and conceal he . body , 255~x1d 255-x1e 255~x1e1 255=-x1f 855-x1g 255~x1h 255-x1li 256 87 out close shot - cheeta and tumbo they peer from behind boulder at the rim of eanon , the chimp and the black boy look out across canon with frighten face , long shot ~ ledge opposite ( as see by tumbo - shot frame , if possible , by space between boulder . ) no sign of tarzan can be see , out mo , shot - rim of chasm not far from boulder conceal tumbo . baroni and m'hona run down to edge of chasm , look over , search for sign of tarzan , '' ned , closz shot — from bculder cheeta and tunmbo , conceal , peer out , see baroni and m!’hona look into chasm for tarzan . closer angle - baroni and m'hona - at rim of chasm - baroni straighten up . baroni ett ~- there 's no sign of he , I think i. finish in , mthona ( still look down river - shake he head in doubt tarzan juju man , baroni ( coldly ) he will need a lot of juju if he 's break he neck - ( tap gun ) -- or if one of this slug catch up with he , baroni give gun to mthona und start quickly away from chasm , m'hona follow , look buck over shoulder as if expect tarzun to appear , tarzan no.3 5-19-41 88 chgs. 256 - x1 - close shot ~ tumbo and chesta they crawl cautiously out of boulder hide - out -~ tumbo on he hand and knee , cheeta on she belly . 256-x2 wider angle ~ at canon cheeta and tumbo come to eiige , look off , cheeta jabber mournfully . tumbo stare off with worried face , 256X383 long shot - ledge across canon - from tk#ir angle tarzan stir ~ roll out of brush into view , he lie flat on he face , unconscious , 256-x4 mo , closh shot - chhsta awd tumbo they react excitedly to sight of tarzan , after a moment , tumbo turn and run swiftly back toward jungle , cheeta continue she vigil at edge , jabber excitedly . dissolve to : tarzan no.sd ches . ( 5/20/41 2578273 273=x1 273=x2 . 89 ou T wide angle = camp ~ day a fecling of heat and lassitude over . camp . several black move lazily in and out of tent , before one tent , a native guard on a camp stool lean on he rifle , doze . baroni appear , stride quickly out of wood , m'hona trot along behind hin , native stop , watch thom , o'doul appoar . closer angle ~ near tent medford . come out of tent curious at oxcito - ment . Ho see baroni , advance quickly to moet he . o' doul approach they , medford ( tensely ) how would it go ? baroni ( restrain he cxcitemont ) perfect - just 's we plan it . medford ( quickly - still tense ) you see the gold ? ' baroni ( nod ) . it 's probably the richest lode on earth o' doul , near , cock on ear . medford ( overcome - repeat slowly ) the richest lode on oarth . ( excitedly ) we will bo multimillioneire -~ baroni ( realistically ) we will - when we get back with equipment to mince it . o' doul ( whistle ) whow ! multi-millionairos$ ( medford and baroni , annoyod , turn to hin + otpoul bare babbling obscquiously ) how would yo like to havo a cool shower , gintlemin ? spruce yo up froshor and a May mornin ! , yo mist bo tired , Mr , baroni , baroni ( sharply ) nevar mind though binvrmoy , ofdowl , continued 's mte tarzan no,3 5-22-41 chgs , 273-x2 89a continued ' ( 1 ) o' doul ( servilely ) very well , sir , ( to a big black stand nearby ) ctmon Colonel , we will fetch some water for the gentlemin . o' doul and the negro move toward tent , ( note : negro have . prominent sword scar across he face to identify he later . ) baroni ( quickly to medford ) have the boy break camp at once . medford ( hesitates ) what about -~ tarzan ? baroni ( significantly ) I do not think we will have to worry about he , medford ( nod over to guard tent ) what '11 we do with the woman and the kid ? : baroni we will keep they as hostage , just to make sure , con tinued + | - tarzan no.3 5-10-41 chgs . 273-x2 continued ( 2 ) medford ( startle ) you mean you be not sure ahout tarzan ? baroni | well - not altogether , I think I finish he but I could not be certain , let 's get go . ( nod toward m'hona ) tell mthona we will take the short trail down the river , medford address lithona quickly in dialect . m'hona reply excitedly . baroni | what 's the matter with he ? medford he say the river trail lead through the country of the river people ~ the jaconi ~ and the porter 's will not go that way . not baroni ( sharply ) tell he to make they go} mthona jabber again , medford . the porter believe the jaconi be water devil - they torture they captive and -- baroni lose he temper , baroni ( turn on m'hona - he hand go to revolver on he nip ) do as you be ordered} ! do you understand ? medford add a sharp speech in dialect . Jane and Boy , hearing commotion , come to door of tent , mthona ( watch gun - beat limply ) yes , bwana , yes , bwana , leave soon , now , bwana , m'hona move back toward native , Jane rush by guard to baroni , Roy with she , Jane where 's tarzan ? there be a pause , in b , ye , o'doul appear , with he be the big neuro carry two pail of water , this negro have a great scar across he face which immediately identify he , continund '' tarzan no . 3 5/20/41 chgse 273-k2 91 continued ( 3 ) : baroni I be sorry to have to tell you , mada , but ~ tarzan 's dead . Jane ( stunne ) I do not believe it . a pause . o' doul , have hear baroni 's announcement , stop in he track . baroni he be swinging on a vine over the deep ravine near you home when the vine break . he fall from a great height . Jane ( still stunne ) it can not be -~ Boy face baroni . Boy ( suddenly ) tarzan would never swing on a vine that would break ! baroni ( levelly ) it be a very unfortunate accident . Boy ( defiantly ) it 's a liel dane teke Boy 's arm , draw he back . baroni ( as they start away ) we be leave in a few minute , ladau , and we will expect the pleasure of you company . { Jane turn in consternation ) we could not very well leave you behind here unpro - tected in the juncle . ( nod to native guard who hrs come forward ) Boy -- the porter go toward Jane and Boy . they move back towurd toute o' doul ( involuntarily ) poor hr , tarzan - heaven fave inercy on he soull baroni and medford turn quickly on o'doul . serrate pay , we . ; tarzan now ghg 5/20/42 3 273-x3 273-k4 273~-x5 273-x6 92 close shot = at tint Jane and Boy turn , listen . back to scene medford ( sharply ) why do not you mind you own business , o'doul ? o' doul . ( quickly obsequious ) it 's just I have a rush of syipathy to my head =» a ' old complaint to mine . ( point to pail of water ) how about that shover , gintlemin ? baroni ( study o'doul ~ speak coolly ) youfve suddenly develop great affection for we == havent t you , o'doul ? Jane and Boy at tent , watch scenée o' doul ( with a impish grin ) I have I have always have a soft spot in we heart for millionaire , gintlemin , if you want to know the truth . medford grin =~ baroni stay sullen . o' doul back awaye baroni ( annoyed ) nevor mind the shower nowe ' le have waste too much time as it be . o' doul ( switch obscquiously ) then , it1l go ant pack yer bag for you gintlomin , ant aquickertn you could snecce nebuchadnegzar -- ( oeckon to big nocro ) : ctmon , colonol . they go off . baroni and iledford look after o'doul . medford ( grin ) I can not quite figuro that monkoy oute baront ( coldly ) thero 's nothing to figure out , if you want my opinion . wotll drop hin sowuwhoro alon tha wiye * out tarzan now 3 chgse 5/20/41. 2738x7 273=x8 274-283 284 93 close shot = jane and boy - at entrance to tent they watch o'doul as he passe se : Jane ( brokenly to Boy ) tarzan use to call Mr. o'doul he friend . she turn , enter tente Boy follow . full shot = int . = baroni's tent otdoul enter talk to big negro who follow hime the black do not understand a word otdoul say . o * doul '' then , you never do hear of the corpus delicti nor , do je ? I stpose note I s'pose you havent ? get around yet to studyint Latin . it mean , Colonel , you do not wager on a man 's bein ' dead till ye put the penny on he cye ~ do ye soe ? ( get out baroni 's bag , proceed to pack } well , there 's no doubt on one point ~ he be a man who would take a lot of killin' , as they say in the old countrye : _ ( shake he head ) yis - a lot of killint . ( cock a ear = hear footstep ) ah , here be the waster approachin ' , == ( go busily to work = baroni- and medford enter ) -- ant a fine pair of minute they be , too . yis , indeed == : dissolve 70 : we long shot = jungle trail - day = th '' safari the trail wind through rough , wild country . fedford and m'hona lwad safarie continued : 285 286 287-288 288-x1 288=x2 continued ( 2 ) Jane and doy in middle , baroni and o'doul , bring up rear the man , except o'doul , carry gunse close angle - the group as they trudge alone , Jane stumble , o'doul go quickly to help she up . close shot - jane = o'doul and boy Jane pull away from o'doul . Jane ( bitterly ) I want no help from you , Mr. o' doul , o' doul ( easily ) well speak , matam . if you spirit be up , you will never be down , Boy manfully give o'doul a shove , come between he and Jane . Boy glare up at o'doul . / o'doul ( grin ) . an! the same little compliment go for you , I lad . Boy help Jane and they move on , the pace be too much for o'doul , pant , labor , he lag behind , we close shot ~ ( moving ) tumbo crawl stealthily along in thick jungle , he stop , peer through brush . mo . long shot ~ th safari as tumbo sezs it ( tumbo in shot ) the safari plodd along difficult trail , tube wave cautiously , ' try to for dinet and Boy 's attention . ' they do not see hin , baroni throw a look in he dircetion and he quickly pull back into brush , 1h chgs . % 7=7=41 & tarzan no.3 269~292 293 c'mone . 95 we another angle = the safari in jungle the trail grow still more difficult .. the first faint beat of a tom~tom comese the safari stop . the black tremble , look about they fearfully for escape baroni move up , join medford . medford ( quickly to baroni ) '' the jaconis .. baroni ( look about ~ listen ) they sound pretty closet medford . . the rivert not far ahead we may be able to reach it before they doe : baroni all righte let 's not waste any time , then . baroni push on . medford turn back , order m'hona in dialect to continue , and go on after baroni . the safari start - then , suddenly , all the black , with the exception of m'hona make a break for the wood , disappeary baroni , wild , begin fire after they . i baroni ( fire ) the swine 's they have take the ammunition with they é . medrord then quit waste what we have leave ! the jaconi will take care of they . . ( he look about he ) we better head back the way we come = ( sound of drum increase ) ~~ if we can . baroni _ noe drive ahead ? ( fiercely ) we have get to drive aheadt ( not plunge on ) come on ! we will beat they to the rivere medford hesitates . the sound of drum increasese medford start after baroni . . medford ( oalling lack to o'foul and other ) thev advance all the party be unnerve nowe £ 93~x2 293-x3 293-xa 293-x5 293-x6 293~-x8 q5a another angle ~- closer - jungle trail the party huddle together now , - with the ex - ception of g'doul who lag a few pace behind - advance slowly through difficult country . the beat of the drum be nearer , close shot ( moving ) - tumbo in thick jungle he move cautiously along , stop , he open a place in the brush , peer out , mo , shot - safari - as tumbo sees it - ( tumbo in shot ) they advance as before , the party close to -~ | gether , o'doul behind . tumbo again try to signal Boy and Jane , they de not see he , but o'doul 's wander gaze discover he , close shot - o'doul he do .a. double takem , . mo . shot - safari medford look around ~ eye o'doul suspiciously . tumbo disappear , o'doul put on as innocent a expression as possible , wide angle - jungle trail the safari advance , drum nearer , inore ominous , o' doul look in vain for tumbe , he let hime self lag several pace farther behind , close angle - o'doul scanning wood tumbo 's face furtively appear again , 0o ! ' doul be very careful - aluost sly - in he reaction this time , close shot - tumbo' fac fumbo beckon to o'doul with a forefinger , a '' 5 - 12 -41 , 96 ie chgs. £93-x9 close shot ( moving ) o'doul slyly watching tumeo . he wink at tumbo . 293-x10 close shot - tumbo there be a sudden , more immediate rattle of ' drum in the wood and tumbo duck back out of sight . 293-x11 wide angle - the trail the safari advance , o'doul drop several pace further toward the rear , a shower of arrow fall , several spear dro ; on trail , no jaconi can be see , medford and baroni fire wildly into thick wood , m'hona , panic-stricken , jabber away hysterically , the tom -tom grow louder , Jane and Boy crowd up closely for protection , o'doul , in rear , fall with a arrow in he side . the party , unaware , advance , baroni and medford continue to fire wildly into wood , Jane first notice the fall o'doul , she grab medford 's arm , point back to o' doul , dane lir , o'doul 's be hit} 204 mo , long shot ~ from medford be angle - o'doul fallen in brush all turn , look toward o'doul . medford ( over he shoulder ) we be not go to stop for he now , a new shower of crrow and spear drop , divert attention from o' doul , the party , approach panic now , move on , 0 oo a close shot - o'doul on ground - arrow in he zm : o' doul look cautiously about he - then care - fully draw the arrow out of he armpit where he have be hold it to ywive appearance of be wounded , he then raise himself to he elbow , look around , then , abruptly , he leay to he foot and run like a hare for the wood , om tarzan no.3 5-20-41 chgs . 296 297 298 : 97 wide angle - group advancing through jungle baroni and medford shoot away at the un ~ see native , the tom -tom louder , more ouiinous , baroni see o0 ' doul run for cover , he wheel around , start fire , o'doul drop , after a moment , he get to he foot again and scramble into brush , medford ( panic beginning ) save you ammunition} . wetll need it later ! close angle ~- jane and boy - other in b.g , Jane and Boy watch with taut face the wood where o'doul disappear . medford ( in b.g. - cut in harshly ) c'mon , you twol get go 's Jane and Boy move toward other ~- Jane look back at wood with a thoughtful face , wide angle «= the party on trail they advance , a shower of arrow fall , m'hona jabber to medford , baroni ( fire into wood ) if they would only show themselves ! Jane ( tensely ) '' they be not try to hit we , they want to take we alive . . baroni ( fire wildly ) we will shoot we way through ! medford hold it , baroni - we be almost out of ammunition , sate tarzan no.3 : h 5 - 6—41 98 ; chas. = 299 : another angle -. jungle trail thick brush and crowded giant moss -hung tree , a river can be see in b.g. a shower of arrow fall , baroni and medford fire away , Jane and Boy hold closely together , baroni ( suddenly point into wood ) look , medford ! - look\ - a horde of grotesque face , horribly smear with paint , seem to surround the two white man , ' they be mask , but in the dim light under the tree they might be anything . medford - let they have it ! medford and baroni blaze away at the face , some of the primitive mask be blow to piece , other fall , medford finally stop fire , baroni run forward to the mask , he pick one up . it be attach to a stick - medford ( panie-stricken now ) I fire my last round , baroni frantically search wood for sign of jaconi , vmat !s th. baroni ( suddenly ~- in terror ) at 's at ? he fire crazily at shadow , after a moment , he gun click on empty chamber , there be - a abrupt silence from the wocd , the tom -tom be suddenly quiet . bewildere , the. member of the party look about they , then , the fury break , with a wild shriek and chatter -- end a roar of tom -tom louder then before , the jaconi close in on the party from every side , ' they seize the useless gun , and prodding the party with they spear , drive thom before they toward the river , . dissolve to : 300 we 301-303 out 99 304 : mo , long shot ~- a trail winding through . jungle : : : o' doul and tumbo in shot . tumbo jabber as he point at trail . o' doul ( nod toward trail ) that look like the trail to you , do it ? - ( tumbo nod vigorously - o'doul give he a friendly shove ) then , let 's shake a leg , lad , C 'mon , the two start briskly off on trail . dissolve to : 305 mo , shot - jungle trail - late afternocn o' doul and tumbo plod along trail wnich now climb up a steep slope . 306 close 's shot - a lion on a blevation regally , the lion survey the jungle . he see something off ~ then rush down from elevation , 307 close shot - on trail o' doul and tumbo climb trail , tumbo in lead , lion 's growl come over shot , o'doul stop in he track , look up . tumbo stop beside o' doul , 308 wider angle - o'doul and tumbo ~ lion advancing '' ' doul and tumbo stand helplessly look at approuchiae lion , the lion growl - roar , o'doul ani tumbo shake , of ' doul ( tooth chatter ) hememake a-a- t - rerun for it , ses-sonny = i+i- I e-ceca not , neither can tumbo , the two stand tremble in they boot , the lion advance , vein to . circle theni , continued 's tarzan no,3 5-14~41 100 chgs. 308 continued ( 2 ) o' doul . thth - the angel aud th- th - the saint pr-preserve I -- ( jerk a elbow toward tusibo ) -- a ! - an! the p-p-pickaninny here -- k-k - keep a eye on he , t-t-too -- : the lion cease to growl ~ now circle in silence , after a bit , o'doul lose he fear and proceed to get angry . . o' doul : all right , ye big bully - all right now } I will take no more of yer insult a ' intimidation } all right now ! = ( spit ) enough 's enough . quickly o'doul square off at the lion , begin furiously to shadow ~ box he ~-. jabbing jerkily with he leave , the while flick the end of he nose . with the thumb of he right . o' doul , shadow - box , be a busy aan . the lion stop circle - baffle , stare at o' doul , . % 309 close shot ~ lich baffle o' doul 's Voice ( over shot ) tne King of the jungle , ye be - be ye ? = 309-x1l wide angle ~ o'dcul , . tumbo ad lion the lion blink at the shadow - box o'doul , then roar suddenly , o'doul almest collapse , om de. 6 ja : ing aside to tumbo ) hg addie -- a slow ani erunchin ' ce : iiar death , too -- ( shoot u side glance at tumbo ) ~ though I s'yose you and yer relative be use to it by now -- , il ( in a groan it 's a horr the dion muke a sudden move = and o'doul jump dack into he shadow - box again . the lion , puzzle , begin to back aw a bit for a better look o'doul stop box . relax , , continued 3 tarzan no.3 chgs , gf 2 309 x 1 310 311 312 102 continued ( 2 ) o' doul ( contemptuously ) I shovlda know it . ( snort ) the King of the jungle , you be a braggart , a ! 's a pretender , that 's what you be ~~ ( he spit ) ant - a ' a windbag . ( go through business of wash he hand by rub he palm together - cocky now ) I belittle myself - that 's what I do - I a son of the irish king -- I -- I belittle myself even by standin ' here a ! lookin ' at the like of you . ( he swagger ) ' it 's a barkin ! dog that never bite -- and well a irishman know it -- the lion let loose a terrific roar and leap for o'doul . o' doul spring back and , turn tail , head like a bat out of hell for the woods.on the other side of the trail , ' umbo be ahead of hin , wide angle - jungle - o'doul and tumbo fleeing the lion 's roar thunder in b.g . after a moment , the lion himself appear , bound in pursuit . o' doul and tumbo look over they shoulder , and , in panic , increase speed , wide angle ~ river bank at edge of jungle o' doul and tumbo come racing out of wood , the lion followiny , and without the slight hesi - tation , plucge into the river , they swim madly away from Tho lion , stop by the water , stand rois nis fury at ii escape quarry . close sti» ctdoul and tumro in water now , a safe distanee from shore , they tread water , dihirg , to recover thelr breath , o'doul brandish a defiant fist at the roaring lion , eo ofdoul ( call to lion ) ctmon in , ye bragyart -- c'mon out here , ye barkin ' beast , a ! I will give you the thrashin ' ! of yer misur - able tife -- aa o'doul , saya this , ho swal 'low a mouthful of the river , and as he flounder about , choke very unheroicully -- dissolve to : ordain ' 5 - 12 - 41 '' chgs . inu od 313-314-x3 314-k3a 314-¥83b 314-x3c 314-xx3d 314-k33 102 we yxde angle - at chash farzan , on ledge , be on he foot , call out order in jungle language to timba and buli who , on opposite side of chasm , labor to push over a tall tree so it will land on ledge and bridge chasm . the tree be stripped , scar . cheeta hop up and down near elephant , jabber - ing encouragement , - mo , shot - elephant pushing tree o'doul , lead by tumbo , come run toward rim of canon , as they appear the tree topple over , its tip strike edge of ledge , hold a instant , then snap off . o' doul and tumbo stor , watch , the tree gocs hurtle down into chasm , lhed , close shot - tarzan on ledge behind he the canon wall rise steeply and smoothly , tarzan look over ledge , watch tree dvop into chasm , long shot - the tree spinning dow ! into chas ( tarzan 's ledge in shot , if possible ) - angle to give feel of dizzy height . , mo , close shot - g'doul and tumbo at rim o' doul have stretch he neck to watch tree strike bottom , a faint crash be hear from below , o'doul straighten up , shake he head gloomily , o' doul ( gravely to tumbo ) 4h , but it 's a bad spot for ur , tarzan to be in -- a very bad spot , indeed , I doubt if even Finn mccool himself could hurdle it . it 's a balloon wemecd , '' o'tumbo -- or a good , whoppin ! miracle , for tarzen be hear call from other side , tarzan 's Voice vinel get vine ! o' doul look off , odeau aver 5-22-41 chgs . = 314-x3f 314-x4 314=x5 103-104 wider angle - chasm to include tarzan - from o'doul 's angle , o'doul what would you like , Mr , tarzan ? tarzan ( point to tree ) vine} get vine , tarzan catch , o' doul look helplessly around at tree . tarzan call out in animal . mumbo-jumbo to cheeta and tumbo . he throw he knife across ravine , it land on its point near tumbo , tumbo pick it up and serambles - quickly up nearby tree , cut away a half dozen length of vine " that fall to earth , o'doul ( watch ) ye be a smart one , o'tumbo - ye be , indeed , o' doul quickly pick up rope length , knot end together , he knot three , meanwhile , tarzan call out again in jungle language , 's tumbo scramble down from tree , grab up end of a loose strand and quickly climb a slender sapling at edge of sand , po close shot - top of sapling tumbo make end of rope fast to tip end of tree and descend . '' wide angle - at chasm tumbo leap to ground from sapling , take free end of rope hang from sapling and pull sap - ling back , bend it slightly , o' doul ah , I see now ~ that 's the idea , be it ? ( o' doul leap to help 's tumbo , ' they combine strength succeed in bend sapling very little ~ o'doul , puffing , look around he , 0o ' doul spot elephant ) |. let it go now , lad , I - have the solution , ' tumbo release rope . o' doul take rope , slip it under huge expose tree root . then , carry end of it to timba , he hook it in he trunk , continued 's lapzal , 1005 5-12-41 cingr . '' aes 314-x5 eo 105 continued ( 2 ) o' doul ( to timba ) . come , now , samson , pull back there , will ye - pull back , — _ — tarzan call out from other side , immediately , timba begin to pull back , draw the tip of the sapling down to the ground and hold it there . o' doul ah , that 's something like it , se bucko , ( call across to tarzan ) we will have this workin ' in no time ab all , lr , tarzan . o' doul take long rope , make a small bulk of it on tip of bow sapling . holding free end of long rope in one hand , he saw away ( use farzan 's knife ) at taut rope tie down sapling . the rope be cut . the sapling spring up . the rope be shot across toward tarzan but it flork around in air and drop into chesm , o' doul quickly pull rope back to he . he tics the release rope together , loop it back around tree limb , and put end into timba 's trunk as before , o' doul ( continue ) come , now , samson -- we will give this invention another opportunity . tumbo pull sapling down to ground , tarzan call out sharply in animal mumbo~jumbo , cheeta rush to sapling , seize end of rope , and hold it tightly , straddle end of sapling . o' doul ( in admiration ) now , what do ye think of that ? ye be not such a bad little divil after all , good luck to ye yep ~ good luck to ye -- ( o' doul saw on rope that hold sapling - sputter under he breath ) ie for , I fine - haire friend , you be goin ! to need it . . the rope be cut . the sapling spring back , ~ saget * be catapult across chasm to tarzan 's side , : o'doul ( eries out ) Holy wose a ! he make it } t tarzan foe 5°00 s14+e6 6/27/41 '' phen to : 314-x8 314-x8a 314-x8b 315-341 342 343 o - 107 close shot - tart ay t..7 " tarzan quickly take rope from cheeta , dl back across to tumbo . mo . shot - opposite side of chasm - tumbo , hold he end of rope , scramble into sturdy tree nearby , make rope fast to stout limb half way up tree . wide angle - chasm tarzan fasten he end of rope to rock jutting ‘up from ledge . he then start across chasm move hand over hand . cheeta follow he . mo . close shot - at edge of chasm o' doul and tumbo , strain , tense , watch tarzan as he cross chasm , wider angle - chasm tarzan make crossing safely , leap to ground . cheeta follow . dissolve to : we long shot - the river the fleet of jaconi canoe in distance , ( there be twelve canoe - four large , each carry five native ; five medium - size canoe , each carry four native ; and three sulall canoe , cach with two native . ) the savage paddle downstream , chant exultantly . tarzan nowhere visible , . closer angle = fleet of canoe Jane , bound , sit in stern of large lead canoe , oy be in second large canoe ; baront and nedford in third large canoe ; mthona in fourth , all be bound . continued : tarzan no. 3 chase 6/27/41 343 3434 343b 3436 343 — x1 343=x1 $ 343-x1la 543-x1b continued ( 2 ) 108 the canoe be decorate with mask and human bone . chant , and the roll of a distant drum be hear . all look downstream , there be immediate excitement among close shot - jane's canoe the native . she listen tensely to : roll of drum , close shot - boy alert . close shot - baroi ! I and medford canoe medford ( grimly ) it sound like the reception committee -- baroni . stare sullenly downstream . iong shot - jaconi viliage - a flash - ( stock ) | drum , chant . a feel of creat excitement , close shot - drummer he pound madly away on gi ant drum , medium shot - village - ( stock ) the jaconi seize one of a hold in a pen . closer angle - at fin dozen captive they the oaptive be identify as the safari de - serter , the savage seize d for execution be + recognize as the " Colonel - though big buck who be with o'doul at camp . colonol off . they lead the tarzan . no. & 343-x10 chgs . 6/27/41 343-x1d 343-x2 343=x3 343-4 345-x4a 543=x5 543-x6~554—x5 109 full shot - village - ( stock ) the jaconi lead the Colonel to the execution . closer angle - at crossed sapling - the Colonel be bound to sapling and the sap - ling release , all action be accompany by loud beat of drum and chant . CUT to : mo , close shot - fleet of canoe the chant and drum peat be clearly hear . the native in canoe look excitedly down stream toward village , jubilently join in chant . we close shot - jane tensely , she look off in direction of village downstream - then , look back toward Boy in second canoe , smile encouragement , close shot - boy he smile back bravely at Jane . close shot -. baroni and medford taut , they look off . baroni , in sudden '' panic , begin to struggle with he bond . he try to leap overboard , the savage seize he , subdue he . we 355 355-x1 356 357 357=x1 357-x2 357 -x2a 357-x2b 357=x2c 357=x2d 110 wide angle - the canoe , abruptly , one of the small canoe capsize . other canoe stop , while bewilder native look on . we close shot ~ water near capsiZed canoe the two native from canoe flounder in water . mo . close shot - crocodile ( stock ) they dart down from river bank , slice through watere another shot ~ crocodile ( stock ) they race from river bank . mo . shot - river the native swim wildly for nearest canoe . one of the native be suddenly seize under - water . he scream . close shot ~ struggling native he be drag down underwater , mo . shot - underwater - tarzan tarzan have native under , be strangling he . crocodile appear in beg . tarzan release native , swim swiftly away . wide angle ~- river '' native in canoe discover tarzan . they hurl npeara , point , seronm sovoral canoe , with medford canoe in lead , start for point where tarzan have be see . ? tarzan qi no. 3 : i 6-27-41 3576X28 _ 357-x2f - 357x3 — 357x5 a 357-x6~7 3s7x7 a= 360 360-4 360 - a 360=al it 's 111 close shot - boy excitedly , he search water , Boy ( shout jubilantly to Jane ) tarzan ! it 's tarzant mo . close shot - tarzan - ( underwater ) he swim toward approach canoe . Spears dart down through water , miss he . : we mo . shot - river - at canoe : medford 's canoe be abruptly capsize . medford , baroni , and native be hurl into water . . we mo . close shot = underwater tarzan swim swiftly away from capsize canoe . flounder native can be see on surface above he . a grocodile appear in beg . mo . shot ~ surface Three or four crocodile race through water . mo . shot - riverbank - ( stock ) crocodile dart down bank , speed away in water . tarzan no. 3 chge 6-2:241 3s60b - 360-2 361 361x1 361x2 361x3 361x4 361x5 361lx6 we mo . close shot - river surface baroni and medford sink in water . medford scream suddenly , disappear beneath water . close shot - jane in horror , she cover she face . mo . close shot - baroni scream , he be drag under water . close . shot - underwater a crocodile drag baroni down , hold he by leg . wide angle - canoe the native paddle wildly about search for tarzan . several native , still in water , be see to disappear , scream . crocodile dart about , churn water . close shot - lead cance the Chief in panic at mysterious capsize of canoe order drummer to beat out call for help . drwamer work drum . close shot - village savage react to call of friction drum . rush out of scene . they 113 361x7 mo . shop - villagh at river bank savage reach canoe , leep in and paddle wildly upstream . cur to : 361x8 mo . close shor - o'dcul and tumbo they ride downstream on they belly ona log , paddle with they hand . cur to : 36lxx9 full shot ~ canoss upstream two more canoe - have now be capsize . native flouder in water , race for remain canoe . crocodile dart about , lash water . scream native be drag underwater . 362-3782 ( out . 378-x3 mo . shot - river nar boy' canoe Boy anxiously look around for tarzan . abruptly , tarzan break surface a short distance away from canoe - out of spear throw . Boy see he . 378-x3a close shot - boy Boy ( excitedly ) tarzant tarzant 378-x4 close shol + tarzan he tread water , look quickly around he . he be suddenly tense as he see large flect approach from village . tarzan # 3 . _ 114 Change 378-x5 long shot - caiob dcwnstrea !! ( as sbe 6/27/41 by tarzan ) ( all 7 ve ) the savage be paddle wildly , they cane bristle with speais . 378=X6 close shot - tarzan he give he call . 378-x7 wider angle - the canod near tarzan the savage are tun @ woment <t tarzan 's sudden apearance and call . several sevege recover , hurl spear which fall short . the chief order the canoe to drive toward tarzan . they paddle wildly . . 378-x8 full siot - klephant grazing - ( stock ) tarzan 's call arouse then . they luwnber off . 378-x8a red . close shot - sulit : she hear tarzan 's call , head into jungle . 378-x8b another algle - jungl& two small elephant graze . buli charge in , trumpet . they join buli , race off . : 373- x9 - 373-k12 we . 878-x12a close shot - c'doul 4d tunbo tarzan 's call over scene . they ride log downs trea , on they belly . 2t sound of tarzan 's call u'doul excitedly staud uy on log . . 7 o' doul ( cry out ) I be comin ' , hw . tarzan} I be on we wayl as he cry he lose he balance , tip lq . - tunbo andhe be spill tuto river . 378-x13 out . tarzan # 3 Change 6 /at /4l 378-xi4 378-x14a - 378-x15 378-X16 378-x15 ABC 378~-k16d 3738-x E 378-x17 3878-x18 878-x15 873=x20 878-x20 a 378-x21 115 mo , shot - river '' bar . tarzan canoe be now near he . tarzan finish hig call , submerges . several svear harmlessly nit water near where he submerge . out wider angle - river at boy' catoe savage paddle toward rescue fleet . a series cf shot of elephant - ( stock ) racing tarough jungle . : mo . shot - bult and other two swall elephmt pace through jungle . mo . shot - riven at boy' cayos Boy 's canoe be abruptly lift up , capsize as the c thers weve , in water . clos # shot - crocodiie S tyo on tueee crocodile race throughw ater . clcss shot - boy , vound , helpless , in iver . clos# . shot - jane she serean in horror . to - mo . orcl '' taka in water . tarzan swim toward boy . ' vo aative ttack nine clos # shot - boy bound land and foot , he sink slowly , disapye ar - under water , * % tarzan yo. 8 6/2 ? /41 573-c21e 378-x21b 378-x21e 378-x21d 378-x2le 378-x21f 378~x2lg 378+-x21h 378-x%213 378-x21k / 116 gloss sict - river - ( stcck ) - & giant crocodile race through water , submerges . wed . shot - water ~ tarzanovercome savage . tarzan look an- xiously around for Boy . mo . shot - undsrwater Boy , helplessly bound , sink toward tangle mass of river weed . underwater = ( stock ) giant crocodile swim in direction of Boy . mo . shot - surfac # - ( stock ) tarzan quickly submergese close shot ~ underwater Boy sink inte river weed , be tangle in they . he struggle as best he can but be unable to extricste himself . underwater : - ( stcck ) tarzan swim in direction of Boy . unde2uater = ( stock ) tarzan fiznt crocodile . close sult = at wsud = uidur /itar boy helvinag in weed . Air bubbles indicate '' y fade strength . und ar tag - tarzan flaish crocodile . ( stock ) - tarzan #3 378-x21l Change 7-3-41 378x22-386xl 386-214 38621 b-386x2 38623 s86i3a8 3862bcd 386l3e 386435 sbexlef~3b6k ? - undervater feed uo ~ Boy about to give up '' tarzan swim swiftly into scene , grab Boy , carry he up to surface . out close shot - tarzan - river surface tarzan come to surface with Boy in he arms» Boy be limp , tarzan quickly cut Boy 's bond and look down river . we long shot - down river - fro : tarnan's angle the village fleet and the remainder of the origina 's dozen canoe , now join , race down ~ stream , native paddle madly towards village . close shot - tarzan tarzan hold Boy in arm . desperately , he give he call . a flash ( stock ) ~ of elephant charge out of jungle into giver . call of tarzan over scene . mo . shot - river sank buli and she two companion charge into river call of tarzan over scene . close shot - tarzan and boy Boy be now recover . tarzan rinish he * eall and start off for canoc , swim swiftly . Boy follow he more slowly . out . tarzan # 3 . lis reye 386-x8 mo . shot - upper river - o'doul and tumeo p/1lfss soaking wet now , they be back on they belly on the log . they come into view of battle . tarzan 's call over scene . 386-x9 mo . long . shot - fleet of canoe ( as see by 0 'doul ) the combine canoe , now mass together , move down stream with Jane in the thick of they . 386-x1l0 close angle - o'doul - tumbo o'doul , in he rage , get to he foot on log again , wave limb he have break off tree . tumbo cling to unsteady log . o' doul ( wave club ) defy them , Mrs. tarzan ! defy ‘em till I get there with I shillelagh ! ©' doul lose he balance in the excitement , tip log , and he and tumbo be throw into water . 386-X10 % 4 to 386-xlog ouut 386-x10c1 close shot - tarzan swimming ( stock ) he race through water . 586-x1l0 c2 ' close shot - boy swimming 386-x10d wide angle - river downstream a dozen elephant head into savage fleet , block its progress . the chief wave , shout frantic direction . the fleet turn at right angle , head for shore . 386-x1l0b mo .. shot at shore another group of elephant charge out of jungle , drive toword fleot - fleot in fore - ~ ground of shot . canoe stop , panic begin . tarzan ange p/i/4l 386-10 F 586-x106 386-x10g1 386-x10h 386-x10h1l 386-x10h2 113 close shot - jane strain , anxious , but more hopeful now , she lock about she . mo . shot - tarzan ( stock ) he churyn downstream at top speed . close shot - boy swimming mo . close shot - crocodile Three or four swim swiftly dornstrean . full shot - canoe . confusion grow as elephant drive closer . native see tarzan come , shout , wave they spear in nis direction . mo . suot - tarzan swimming ( boy not in scexe ) he loox at fleet see in d.g. , suddenly submery 3886xl0h3 386x10h4 886x1loh - b8exlche 8386x1l0 h7 386X11 386X128 3886X13 - 886x1.4 386X156 1194 mo . close shot - canoe Chief shout order . a‘dozen native leap into water with drawm knife , submerge . close shot - jane her face be taut , strain . close shot - tarzan - underwater he grapples native who attack he , dispose nf twos mo . shot - boy swimming he near scene of battlo . he look off , sub - merges» mo . shot - underwater tarzan dispose of two more nativé as last two attack he . Boy swim into beg . tarzan be finish off last two native when a third pop . up , attack hin from rear . bcy-swim up , grab native by hair , tarzan turn and finish he off . tarzan and Boy swim swiftly away . mede shot ~ fleet savage in uproar now . jano !s canoe be suddenly capsize . all be spill into water , close shot - jane . = helpless , bound , she floundera in water . out wider angle ~ river at canoe elephant attack , native now mill about in somplete panic tarzan no. : . : chg. 386X16 undervater shoe - tarzan and bot 7 - 1 - 4 : 119b tarzan swim to Jane , draw she down , cut she pond . Boy help . they swim off underwater , 386X17 wide angle - river - flash of general melee 386x17a a canoe - mo . close shoe a elephant swim toward canoc , two native in canoe raise spear . elephant disappear under water 386x17b another angle - same canoe canoe rise in water -'elephant 's back under - neath it , canoe be tumble from elephant 's back into water . 386X17 '' ' mo . shot = native in water crocodile seize they , drag they down into water . 386xl7d mo , shot - the three SMALL elephant ~ swuming together they butt canon , smash it , and send native spilling into water , 386X18 - we 386x22 -886X23 mo . close shot - o'doul and tumbo in battle now . back on log , o'doul stand , balance himself precariously . loy move swiftly down toward a small canoe , manned by two savage whe stand with spear poise rendu = Tor o'doule . one savage let he spear go . o' doul duck , escape spear but almost tumble into water . he recover , brandish he club in a new rare . ‘or bpoar thra one mye vk humph} ant I pra sathor use to use atic ike then to pick he teoth witht sbutihgan : TK tarzan no.3 . chg» 386X23 7m1-41 386x234 now , 11ec continued ( 2 ) otdoul ( conttd ) - ( second savage hurl spear ~ o' doul duck it ) . . I littler chipper , I be goin ! to brain yo} as he cry out , the log turn and he mlose he balance and be spill into river , tumbo be spill in with he . wide angle - flash - batile elephant have wringht havoc ; be capsize canoe , a sforo of native flounder in water , crocodile go after native .e some native be seize , drag under water . gr targan '' ifo . 3 che . 7/1/41 386-124 -390-x1 590-x2 590-23 590~-x3a 390-x3b 590 - x¢ 390-x4 1l9d we mo . closh shot - underwater - jil , boy , and tarzan they svim underwater , rise toward surface . mo shot - surface of river Jane , Boy , and tarzan pop up on surface , look around they . they see the battle be over . we long shof - river as S and tarzan by janz , boy , she river be litter with wreckage . the lust ov the savage canoe be see fleece cown stream with : the elephant arter they . we close ' Su and talzat = - jane , boy , tarzan , trcadin’ , water , point excitedly un - stream , dune look in givceetion indicate . 1d . ( as GE sot - o'doul and tus sz tarzai ) @mdoul have olimb back aboard he log . ' '' uabo be uold onto lo , suddenly a crocodile pop up owl of nownerc , coce tor ' uabo . . 119e closer angle ~ o'doul and tumbo o' doul get to he foot on log , wave he tree limb . o' dovl ( brandish tree limb ) out o'here , ye - ye cowardly beast ! o' doul in he excitement lose he bal - ance , tip log , tumble into water and almost into crocodile 's jaw . as o'doul pitch into water he shove he club . before he , it jam into open jaw of erocodile , keep jaw from shutting . crocodile , in helpless rage , lash water , disappear . o' doul ( sputtering in water - wave fist after crocodile ) ye may be a monster to the local inhabitant but yetre just another lizard to o'doul ! ( bo. 3 390 - x5 ~ chgs. | 7/1/41 get 390-x6 391 wider angle - tarzan , boy , and jane relaxed , happy , all laugh at o'doul 's antic -- dissolve to : we i ty ht t ' tarzan no , 3 .. chgs. 5-20-41 391-x1-xx2 391-x3 _be a sweet a ' smilin ' place . t'll never forget 120 out fade in : wide angle - hilltop - morning led by timbé , tarzan , Jane , o'doul , Boy , tumbo , cheeta and buli come to stop at crest of hill , tarzan carry o'doul 's belonging in a sack and also a huge melon , the size of a watermelon , a long , beautiful valley stret - ches before they , tarzan help o'doul upon elephant , Jane . timba will take you to the edge of the jungle , Mr. o' doul . you way will be easy from there on . tarzan pass up sack with o'doul 's belong= ing ; then the huge melon . the melon have be split in halve , put together again , and tie with thongs , o'doul have a hard time lift it to elephant 's back . . o' doul ( as he struggle with melon ) now what on earth may this be ? it 's a large a ! ponderous fruit , it be -- Jane ( smile ) . it 's a bon voyage basket - jungle style . o' doul thankee , ma'am , thankee . dane ( move ) we be go to miss you , ifr . o' doul . tarzan suddenly hold up he hand . tarzan ( impressively ) tarzan find frien . . o' doul ( deeply move ~ take hand ) it 's I that 's find a friend - a ' the best . ( to all ) if there be more folk like ye in the world , it would ye . tarzan = a3 if the seen 's gettin too much tor he - slap timba 's flank . the elephant duniber off , head down valloy . / . o' doul ( choktm =-wave back ) Goodbye - ant heavin bless ye , all . continued : tarzan no.3 5-13-41 chgs. 391-x3 392-395 396 397 398 3 9 121 continued ( 2 ) Boy and Jane ( wave ) . Goodbye , Mr. o' doul , - a safe journey and good luck - always , Jane , Boy and tumbo all have tear in they eye , tarzan stand gravely erect beside they , they wave , cheeta , to see better find a smooth tree limb on ground , stand it up , climb it , out close shot - chebta she balance herself on top of stick , wave , wed , close shot . - group watching o'doul go Boy . would not you like to see Mr , o'doul 's face when he find the melon be fill with gold . . tarzan o'doul laugh - then cry . . Boy hetll be rich , will not he ? Jane ( nod ) and he will never tell where he rich come from . you may be sure of that , tarzan ( quietly ) tarzan sure , close shot - tubbo tear down he cheek , limply wave . - tumbo ( brokenly ) F -friend , . long shot - from hill top o' doul down the valley wave a last goodbye . all on hile top wave back , o'doul disappear anong trec , tarzan , dane , Boy , tambo und tuld turn avay from valley , quietly , they start for home , cheeta tumble down from stick , hop after then , fade out , end