taxi driver by Paul schrader property of : " the whole conviction of my life now rest upon the belief that loneliness , far from be a rare and curious phenomenon , be the central and inevitable fact of human existence . " -- Thomas wolfe , " God 's Lonely man " travis bickle , age 26 , lean , hard , the consummate loner . on the surface he appear good - look , even handsome ; he have a quiet steady look and a disarming smile which flash from nowhere , lighting up he whole face . but behind that smile , around he dark eye , in he gaunt cheek , one can see the ominous stain cause by a life of private fear , emptiness and loneliness . he seem to have wander in from a land where it be always cold , a country where the inhabitant seldom speak . the head move , the expression change , but the eye remain ever - fix , unblink , pierce empty space . Travis be now drift in and out of the New York City night life , a dark shadow among darker shadow . not notice , no reason to be notice , Travis be one with he surroundings . he wear rider jeans , cowboy boot , a plaid western shirt and a wear beige Army jacket with a patch read , " King Kong company 1968 - 70 " . he have the smell of sex about he : sick sex , repress sex , lonely sex , but sex nonetheless . he be a raw male force , drive forward ; toward what , one cannot tell . then one look closer and see the evitable . the clock sprig cannot be wound continually tighter . as the earth move toward the sun , Travis bickle move toward violence . film open on ext . of manhattan cab garage . weather - beat sign above driveway read , " taxi enter here " . yellow cab scuttle in and out . it be winter , snow be pile on the curb , the wind be howling . inside garage be park row upon row of multi-color taxi . echoing sound of cab idling , cabby talk . steamy breath and exhaust fill the air . int . corridor of cab company office . letter on ajar door read : personal office marvis cab company Blue and White cab Co. acme taxi dependable taxi service jrb cab company speedo taxi service 2 . SOUND of office busywork : shuffle , type , argue . personal office be a cluttere disarray . sheet with head " marvis , b&amp ; W , acme " and so forth be tack to crumble plaster wall : it be March . desk be cluttere with form , report and a old upright Royal typewriter . dishelve middle - age New Yorker look up from the desk . we CUT in to ongoing conversation between the middle - age personnel officer and a young man stand in front on he desk . the young man be travis bickle . he wear he jeans , boot and Army jacket . he take a drag off he unfiltered cigarette . the personnel officer be beat and exhaust : he arrive at work exhaust . travis be something else again . his intense steely gaze be enough to jar even the personnel officer out of he workaday boredom . personnel officer ( o.s. ) no trouble with the hack Bureau ? travis ( o.s. ) no sir. personnel officer ( o.s. ) get you license ? travis ( o.s. ) yes . personnel officer so why do you want to be a taxi driver ? travis I can not sleep night . personnel officer there 's porno theatre for that . travis I know . I try that . the personnel officer , though officious , be mildly probing and curious . travis be a cipher , cold and distant . he speak as if he mind do not know what he mouth be say . personnel officer so whatja do now ? 3. travis I ride around night mostly . subway , bus . see thing . figur would I might as well get pay for it . personnel officer we do not need any misfit around here , son . a thin smile crack almost indiscernibly across travis ' lip . travis you kiddin ? who else would hack through South bronx or harlem at night ? personnel officer you want to work uptown night ? travis I will work anywhere , anytime . I know I can not be choosy . personnel officer ( think a moment ) how 's you drive record ? travis clean . Real clean . ( pause , thin smile ) as clean as my conscience . personnel officer listen , son , you gonna get smart , you can leave right now . travis ( apologetic ) sorry , sir . I do not mean that . personnel officer physical ? criminal ? travis also clean . personnel officer Age ? personnel officer twenty -six . personnel officer Education ? 4. travis some . here and there . personnel officer military record ? travis honorable discharge . May 1971 . personnel officer you moonlightin ? travis no , I want long shift . personnel officer ( casually , almost to himself ) we hire a lot of moonlighter here . travis so I hear . personnel officer ( look up at Travis ) Hell , we be not that much fussy anyway . there 's always open on one fleet or another . ( rummages through he drawer , collect various pink , yellow and white form ) fill out this form and give they to the girl at the desk , and leave you phone number . you gotta phone ? travis no . personnel officer well then check back tomorrow . travis yes , sir. CUT to : credit credit appear over scene from manhattan nightlife . the snow have melt , it be spring . a rainy , slick , wet miserable night in Manhattan 's theatre district . 5 . cab and umbrella be congest everywhere ; well - dress pedestrian be push , run , wave down taxi . the high -class theatre patron crowd out of the midtown show be shocked to find that the same rain that fall on the poor and common be also fall on they . the unremitte sound of honking and shout play against the dull pitter - patter of rain . the glare of yellow , red and green light reflect off the pavement and auto . " when it rain , the boss of the city be the taxi driver " - so go the cabbie 's maxim , prove true by this particular night 's activity . only the taxi seem to rise above the situation : they glide effortlessly through the rain and traffic , pick up whom they choose , go where they please . further uptown , the crowd be neither so frantic nor so glitter . the rain also fall on the street bum and age poor . junky still stand around on rainy street corner , hooker still prowl rainy sidewalk . and the taxi service they too . all through the credit the exterior sound be mute , as if come from a distant room or storefront around the corner . the listener be at a safe but privileged distance . after examine various strata of Manhattan nightlife , camera begin to close in on one particular taxi , and it be assume that this taxi be be drive by travis bickle . end credit CUT to : Travis 's yellow taxi pull in foreground . on leave rear door be lettere the word " dependable taxi service " . we be somewhere on the upper fifty on fifth Ave . the rain have not let up . a elderly woman climb in the right rear door , crush she umbrella . Travis wait a moment , then pull away from the curb with a start . later , we see Travis ' taxi speed down the rain-slicked avenue . the action be periodically accompany by Travis ' narration . he be read from a haphazard personal diary . travis ( v.o. ) ( monotone ) April 10 , 1972 . thank God for the rain which have help wash the garbage and trash off the sidewalk . 6 . travis ' Pov of sleazy midtown side street : bum , hooker , junky . travis ( v.o. ) I be work a single now , which mean stretch - shift , six to six , sometimes six to eight in the a.m. , six day a week . a man in business suit hail Travis to the curb . travis ( v.o. ) it 's a hustle , but it keep I busy . I can take in three to three - fifty a week , more with skim . man in business suit , now seat in back seat , speak up : man in business suit ( urgent ) be Kennedy operate , cabbie ? be it ground ? on seat next to travis be half - eat cheeseburger and order of french fries . he put he cigarette down and gulp as he answer : travis why should it be ground ? man in business suit listen - I mean I just see the needle of the Empire State Building . you can not see it for the fog ! travis then it 's a good guess it 's ground . man in business suit the Empire State in fog mean something , do not it ? do you know , or do not you ? what be you number , cabbie ? travis have you try the telephone ? man in business suit ( hostile , impatient ) there be not time for that . in other word , you do not know . travis no . 7. man in business suit well , you should know , damn it , or who else would know ? pull over right here . ( point out window ) why do not you stick you goddamn head out of the goddamn window once in a while and find out about the goddamn fog ! travis pull to the curb . the business man stuff a dollar bill into the pay drawer and jump out of the cab . he turn to hail another taxi . man in business suit taxi ! taxi ! Travis write up he trip card and drive away . it be later that night . the rain have turn to drizzle . Travis drive trough another section of Manhattan . travis ( v.o. ) I work the whole city , up , down , do not make no difference to I - do to some . streetside : travis ' p.o.v. Black prostitute wear white vinyl boot , leopard-skin mini-skirt and blond wig hail taxi . on she arm hang half - drunk seedy executive type . travis pull over . prostitute and JOHN climb into back seat . travis check out the action in rear view mirror . travis ( v.o. ) ( contd ) some will not take spook - Hell , do not make no difference tom I . travis ' taxi drive through Central Park . grunt , groans come from back seat . hooker and JOHN go at it in back seat . he 's have a hard time and she 's probably try to get he to come off manually . JOHN ( o.s. ) oh baby , baby . prostitute ( o.s. ) ( forceful ) come on . 8. travis stare blankly ahead . CUT to : travis ' apartment . camera pan silently across int . room , indicate this be not a new scene . travis be sit at plain table write . he wear shirt , jeans , boot . a unfiltered cigarette rest in a bent coffee can ash tray . close up of notebook . it be a plain line dimestore notebook and the word travis be write with a stubby pencil be that he be say . the column be straight , discipline . some of the write be in pencil , some in ink . the handwrite be jag . camera continue to pan , examine travis ' apartment . it be unusual , to say the least : a ratty old mattress be throw against one wall . the floor be litter with old newspaper , wear and unfold street map and pornography . the pornography be of the sort that look cheap but cost $ 10 a throw - black and white photo of naked woman tie and gag with black leather strap and clothesline . there be no furniture other than the rickety chair and table . a beat - up portable tv rest on a upright melon crate . the red silk mass in another corner look like a vietnamese flag . indecipherable word , figure , number be scribble on the plain plaster wall . ragged black wire dangle from the wall where the telephone once hang . travis ( v.o. ) they be all animal anyway . all the animal come out at night : whore , skunk pussy , bugger , queen , fairy , doper , junky , sick , venal . ( a beat ) someday a real rain will come and wash all this scum off the street . it 's early morning : 6 a.m . the air be clean and fresh and the street nearly desert . ext . of taxi garage . travis ' taxi pull into the driveway . travis ( v.o. ) ( contd ) each night when I return the cab to the garage I have to clean the come off the back seat . some night I clean off the blood . 9 . int . of taxi garage . travis pull he taxi into garage stall . travis reach across the cab and extract a small vial of benny from the glove compartment . travis stand next to the cab , straighten he back , and tuck the bottle of pill into he jacket pocket . he lower he head , look into back seat , open rear door and bend inside . he shake a cigarette out of he pack of camel and light it . slight timecut : travis book it at garage office . Old , rotting slab of wood be screw to a grey crumble concrete wall . each available space be cover with hand - lettere sign , time schedule , check - out sheet , memo . the sign read : be alert !! the safe driver be always ready for the unexpected slow down and gauge speed to road condition you can't stop on a dime ! all night driver having personal injury accident must phone in at once to judson 2-3410 and must file a report promptly at 9 am the following morning at 43 W. 61st . a half dozen haggard cabby hang around the office . they shirt be wrinkle , they head drop , the mouth incessantly chatter . we pick up snatch of cabbie small talk : 1st cabbie ... hadda piss like a bull steer , so I pull over on 10th Ave , yank up the hood and do the engine job . ( gesture as if take a piss into the hood ) there I be with my do in my hand when a guy come up and ask if I need any help . just check the battery , I say , and , meanwhile ... ( more ) 10 . 1st cabbie ( cont 'd ) ( take imaginary piss ) 2 nd cabbie if he think I be go up into the jungle this time of night , he can shove it . 3rd cabbie ( talk into pay phone ) fuck that violet first . Fucking saddle horse . no , no , the otb . fuck they . no , it be tkr . tcr and I 'da make seven fuck grand . fuck they too . alright , what about the second race ? 4 th cabbie over at Love , this hooker take on the whole garage . blew the whole fuck joint and they would not even let she use the drink fountain . Travis hand he trip sheet to a cab official , nod slightly , turn and walk toward the door . outside , travis walk pleasantly down Broadway , he hand in he jacket pocket . the sidewalk be desert , except for diligent fruit and vegetable vendor set up they stall . he take a deep breath of fresh air , pull a white pill from he pocket , pop it into he mouth . Travis turn a corner , keep walk . ahead of he be a 24 - hour porno theatre . the theatre , a blaze of cheap day - glow red and yellow , be a offense to the clear , crisp morning air . the permanent lettering read , " Adam theatre , 16 mm sound feature " . underneath , today 's feature be hand - lettere : " six - Day Cruise " and " beaver dam " . Travis stop at the box office , purchase a ticket , and walk in . int . porno theatre Travis stand in the aisle for a moment . he turn around , walk back toward the concession stand . concession stand a plain dumpy -look girl sit listlessly on a stool behind the shabby concession stand . a plaster - of - Paris venus de milo sit atop a piece of purple velvet cloth on the counter . 11 . the SOUND of the feature drone in the background . concession girl kin I help ya ? Travis rest he elbow on the counter , look at the girl . he be obviously try to be friendly - no easy task for he . God know he need a friend . travis what be you name ? my name be Travis . concession girl awh , come off it , pal . travis no , I be serious , really ... concession girl ya want I to call da boss ? huh ? that what you want ? concession girl no , no , it 's alright . I will have a big coca -cola - without ice - and a large butter popcorn , and ... ( point ) ... some of they chocolate cover malt milk ball ... and ju-juke , a box . they last . concession girl we do not have ju-juke . we do not have coca -cola . we only get Royal Crown cola . travis that 's fine . concession girl that 's a dollar forty - seven . Travis lay two dollar bill on the counter . int . theatre auditorium slight timecut to Travis sit in theatre , drink he Royal Crown cola , eat he popcorn and milk ball . his eye be fix on the screen . a male voice emanate from the screen : male movie voice ( o.s. ) come here , bitch . I be gonna split you in half . 12 . male Voice yield to Travis ' monotone narration . travis ( v.o. ) twelve hour of work and I still can not sleep . the day dwindle on forever and do not end . fade to : ext . charle palantine campaign headquarters the headquarters of the " New yorker for Charles palantine for President Committee " , locate at the corner of 50th Street and Broadway , be festoon in traditional red , white and blue banner , ribbon and sign . one large sign proclaim " palantine " . another sign read " Register for New York primary , July 20 . " . the smile middle - age face of Charles palantine keep watch over the bustling pedestrian . it be late afternoon . inside headquarters a variety of young worker joke and chatter as they labor through stack of papers . the room be pierce with the sound of ringing phone . see from a distance - the only way Travis can see they - that be America 's choose youth : healthy , energetic , well - groom , attractive , all recruit from the bucolic field of Massachusetts and Connecticut . camera favor betsy , about 25 , a extremely attractive woman sit at the reception desk between two phone and several stack of papers . her attraction , however , be more than skin deep . beneath that cover girl facial there be a keen , though highly specialize sensibility : her eye scan every man who pass she desk as she mind compute he desirability : political , intellectual , sexual , emotional , material . simple pose and status do not impress she ; she seek out the extraordinary quality in man . she be , in other word , star - fucker of the high order . betsy , put down the phone , call tom , a lanky , amiable and modishly long - haire campaign workder over to she desk : betsy Tom . Tom be pleasant and good-look , but lack that special quality which interest betsy . he get nowhere with betsy - yet he keep try . 13 . just another of that routine office flirtation which pass the hour and free the fantasy . betsy Tom , come here a moment . ( he walk over ) I think this canvas report be about ready to go out . check it out with Andy , and if he okay if , have a copy make for the campaign headquarters in every county . ( a beat ) and do not forget to add the new photo release . tom the senator 's white paper be almost ready , bet . should we wait for that ? betsy Andy usually just send that to the national media . the local press do not know what to do with a position paper until UPI and ap tell they anyway . tom I think we should try to get maximum coverage for this new mandatory welfare program . push the issue . betsy ( as if instruct a child ) first push the man , then the issue . Senator palantine be first of all a dynamic man , a intelligent , interesting , fascinating man . tom you forget " sexy " . betsy no , I do not forget " sexy " . tom just do not get around to it , huh ? betsy oh , Tom , please . 14 . tom well , for christsake , you sound like you be sell ... I do not know what ... car ... not issue . betsy have you ever wonder why CBS News have the high rating ? tom more people watch it . betsy alright , forget it if you be not go to be serious , tom no , c'mon , I be listen . I be just ... betsy just what ? tom kidding around ... you know , fun . betsy look toward the street , then back at Tom . betsy maybe if you would try think once in a while , you would get somewhere . tom with who ? betsy alright , now . you want to know why CBS have the high rating ? you they news be any different from NBC , ABC ? it 's all the same news . same storey . same order usually . what , you think they have good news for people , right ? you think that 's why people watch CBS ? I will tell you why people watch CBS . cronkite . the man . you get it ? not the news , not the issue , the man . if walter cronkite tell people to eat soap , they would do it . we be sell car , goddamn it . betsy 's attention be be distract by something she see across the street . she put on she glass and look out across the street again . 15 . tom well , if cronkite 's so great , why do not we run he instead ? betsy that 's the last . the finish . period . some pople can learn . some people can not . and you wonder why we never get serious ---- tom sure we could run he . you realize he 's already of he block association . betsy ( look across street again ) have you be notice anything strange ? tom no , why ? betsy why 's that taxi driver across the street be stare at we ? tom what taxi driver ? betsy that taxi driver . the one that 's be sit here . tom how long have he be there ? betsy I do not know - but it feel like a long time . Travis ' cold piercingly eye stare out from he cab park across the street from palantine headquarters . he be like a lone wolf watch the warm campfire of civilization from a distance . a thin red dot glow from he cigarette . Tom exchange Travis ' gaze . tom ( determine ) well , I will go out and ask he . as Tom walk toward front door betsy 's eye alternate between he and the position where Travis sit . 16 . ext . palantine headquarters Tom stride out the front door and walk briskly across the street toward Travis ' taxi . Travis spot Tom walk toward he and quickly stare up he cab , then squeal off in a burst of billow exhaust . Tom watch the speed taxi quizzically . Travis ' taxi continue down Broadway . CUT to : int . travis ' apartment he lie on he mattress at the ceiling . he be fully clothed and appear deep in think . near he mattress rest several medication : a large bottle of vitamin pill , two smaller bottle of pill , a bottle of peach - flavor brandy . travis ( v.o. ) all my life need be a sense of direction , a sense of someplace to go . I do not believe one should devote he life to morbid self - attention , but should become a person like other people . another day - late afternoon Travis ' taxi be drive down Broadway with the " off duty " sign on . Pov tracking shot down Broadway . camera stop at palantine campaign headquarters . a few worker remain in the office . betsy 's desk be vacant . fifth avenue - the same afternoon camera track with crowded mass of manhattanite as they ooze through the sidewalk toward they various destination . individual be indiscernible : it be simply a congest mass . travis ( v.o. ) I first see she at palantine campaign headquarters at 58th and Broadway . she be wear a yellow dress , answer the phone at she desk . 17 . suddenly : cut of the congest human mass , in slowing motion , appear the slender figure of betsy in a stylish yellow dress . the crowd part like the Red Sea , and there she be : walk all alone , untouched by the crowd , suspend in space and time . travis ( v.o. ) ( contd ) she appear like a angel out of this open sewer . out of this filthy mass . she be alone : they can not touch she . int . travis ' apartment he be at the table , write in he diary . closeup - his stubby pencil rest on the word " she " . CUT to : it be 3:30 in the morning in a bacon-shape all night west side reataurant . the thick smell hang in the air - fry grease , smoke , sweat , regurgitate wine . whatever do not flush away in New York at night turn up in place like this . a burly grease- stain cook stand over the grill . a junkie shuffles from one side of the door to another . slouch over the small four-person formica table be several well -dress black ( too well - dress for this time and place ) , a cluster of STREET people and a lose old coot who hang onto he cup of coffee as if it be he last possession . the restaurant , brightly light , perfectly convey the image urban plasticity - without the slight hint of a accompany cleanliness . toward the rear of the restaurant sit three cabby : wizard , a wear man about fifty , dough - boy , young family man , charlie T. , fourtyish Black . wizard be tell dough - Boy a story . Charlie T. , he elbow pop against table top , be not listen . he stare silently down at a plate of cold scramble egg and a Racing Forum . his eye may not be open . wizard first she do she make -up . you know , I hate it when they do that . I mean she do the whole work , the mascara , the eye-shadow , the lipstick , the rouge ... 18 . dough - boy not rouge . blush - on , they call it . wizard the kind with a brush . Travis appear at the door . he have to push aside the junkies to enter without make physical contact - something Travis would not relish . he may be repulse with this people and this place , but he be too much a part of this to let he feeling rise to the surface . wizard give Travis a perfunctory wave . wizard Travis . travis hey wizard . Travis straddle a seat at the table . dough - Boy give Travis something between a wink and a eye-twitch say : dough - boy yeah , that 's blush - on . my wife use it , wizard ( ironic ) ask Travis . he 's the lady man . Travis shrug and motion for a cup of coffee . wizard ( continue ) well , whatever the fuck it be , she use it . and then the spray perfume . you know , the real sweat kind - and , on top of that , get this , right when we be crossing the tri- boro bridge - she change she pantyhose ! dough - boy no . Travis turn he head . he appear not to be interested , but be . wizard yeah . dough - boy could you see anything ? 19 . wizard well , she be try to keep she skirt down , sort of , you know . but it be pretty obvious what she be do . I mean , Christ , it be rush hour and the traffic 's practically stand still . dough - boy what do you do ? wizard threw on the emergency , jump the seat and fuck she brain out - what do you think ! ( they laugh ) what do I have to do ? draw you a picture ? dough - boy yeah . wizard what be I suppose to do ? I be watch in the rear view . you know , just checkin ' traffic . ( to Travis ) so howsit ? travis ( with / of inflection ) some fleet driver for Bell just cut up . just hear it on the radio . dough - boy stick up ? a waitress bring Travis ' coffee and a glass of water . he ask for a cheeseburger . wizard sure . what do you think ? she want to get out of the cab . I say " look , you be in the middle of the fuck bridge ... " dough - boy you say that ? wizard well , I say , " Lady , please , we be on a bridge ... " 20 . dough - boy and what happen ? Travis await wizard 's answer . wizard she stay in the cab , what 's she gonna do ? but she stiffe I . a real skunk . dough - boy a real skunk . wizard realize Travis and dough - Boy may not have meet . wizard ( paternal ) Travis , you know dough - Boy , Charlie t.? Charlie T. nod sleepily . Travis indicate he know dough - Boy . dough - boy yeah . we go to Harvard together . ( laugh ) wizard we call he dough - Boy cause he like the dollar . he will chase a buck straight into Jersey . dough - boy look who 's talk ? ( gesture around table ) who else would stay up all night to catch the morning rush hour ? Travis sip he coffee . Charlie T. 's eyelid slip shut . wizard ( to Travis ) so howsit ? travis ( with / of inflection ) some fleet driver for Bell just get cut up . just hear it on the radio . dough - boy stick up ? 21 . travis no , just some crazy fucker . cut have he ear off . dough - boy where . travis in the jungle . 122nd . Travis ' eye turn toward the restaurant 's other patron . Pov : three STREET people sit at a table . one guy , stone , stare straight ahead . a raggedly attractive girl rest she head on the shoulder of the other , a heavily bearded young man with a headband . they kiss and tease each other , momentarily lose in they separate world . Travis watch the hippie couple closely , he feel sharply divide between cultural contempt and morose jealousy . why should this people enjoy the love and intimacy that have always elude he ? he must enjoy this schizoid emotion , because he eye dwell on the couple . dough - boy ( change the subject ) you run all over town , do not you , Travis ? wizard ( refer to 122nd St. ) fuckin ' mau mau land , that 's what it be . Travis turn back to he companion . travis huh ? dough - boy I mean , you handle some pretty rough traffic , huh ? travis ( catch on ) I have . dough - boy you carry a piece ? you need one ? travis Nah . ( a beat ) I suppose not . 22. waitress slap down smudge - mark glass of water , and a cheeseburger plate that look more like a shrunken head on a serve platter . dough - boy well , you ever need one , I know a feller that kin getcha a real nice deal . lotsa shit around . wizard the cop and company raise hell they find out . Travis drop two alka-seltzer into he glass of water . dough - boy truck driver bring up harlem special that blow up in you hand . but this guy do not deal no shit . just quality . if you ever need anything , I can put you in touch . wizard for a fee . dough - boy for a fee . wizard I never use mine . but it 's a good thing to have . just as a threat . dough - boy ( get up ) well , if there 's this many hacky inside , there must be lot of hare outside . and I be gonna hustle them . wizard what ya gonna do with all that money , dough - Boy ? dough - boy support my kid . can you dig it ? ( pause ) nice to meet ya , Travis . so long , wizard . say hello to malcolm X for I . ( nod to Charlie T . ) Charlie T. remain unmove : he be sleep . 23. dough - Boy exit . Travis smile perfunctorily , then look back at wizard . they really do not have much to talk about , and the wizard do not care to manufacture any more conversation . Travis scan the greasy spoon : the scene be unchange . CUT to : ext . palantine headquarters - another day traffic pass . int . palantine headquarters Tom and betsy be talk . she take out a cigarette . he take out match to light it . betsy try hold the match like this . tom this be gotta be a game , right ? betsy ( put on glass ) this I gotta see . tom ( burn finger ) ouch ! betsy ( giggle ) oh , be you all right ? tom I be great . always set my finger on fire . if you want to see another trick . I do this thing with my nose . betsy no . I just want to see if you could light it that way . the guy at the newsstand can . tom ah , yes , the guy at the newsstand , Mr. asbestos ... betsy he happen to be miss finger . I first notice when - 24 . tom be he italian ? betsy no , why ? tom you sure he 's not italian ? betsy he 's Black , ok ? tom well , if he have be italian , they could have be shot off . sometimes the mob do that to teach guy a lesson , if they blow a job or something . betsy as I say , he be not italian . besides , I think they just kill they . tom do not be naive . they can not kill everybody . they have different punishment for different thing . like , if they kill a stool pidgeon , they leave a canary on the body . it 's symbolic . betsy why do not they leave a pidgeon instead of a canary ? tom I do not know . maybe they do not leave a canary . do not be technical . what I be say be if this newsstand guy 's italian and he finger be go , maybe he 's a thief . betsy first , he 's not italian . second he 's not a thief . I notice the finger when he be get my change - the right change . two of he finger be miss . just stub . like they be blow away . I be put my change in my purse when I see he get out a cigarette . I could not help watch . I be die to see how he would light it . 25 . tom with the other hand , right ? betsy no , stupid . with the stub . that 's the whole point . tom I know that guy . his hand look like a paw . a old Black guy , the newsstand at - betsy no , this be young - well , I be never sure how old Black people be - but , anyway , he be not old . that 's for sure . tom show I how he do that again . ext . across the STREET from headquarters Travis be stride briskly across Broadway toward the palantine headquarters . he 's dress the best we have see he ; he pants ( not jeans ) be press , he boot shine , he hair comb . under he Army jacket he wear a freshly launder shirt and ivy league tie . he drop he cigarette , step on it and walk in . watch Travis enter palantine 's headquarters , we be surprised to realize that Travis be really quite attractive . his deformity be psychological , not physical . he believe he be curse , and therefore he be . Travis walk briskly into the office , and head toward betsy 's desk . Tom walk over to greet he , but Travis ignore he . travis ( at betsy 's desk ) I want to volunteer . as the camera examine Travis ' face more closely , one can see the hollowness wringht by lack of sleep and sufficient diet . tom ( at betsy 's desk ) if you will come this way . Travis elbow Tom off . 26 . travis ( to betsy ) no . I want to volunteer to you . tom ( under he voice ) bet . betsy wave tom off with a short gesture , indicate everything be ok . he walk away . betsy ( curious ) and why be that ? travis be on he best behavior . he smile slightly : travis because you be the most beautiful woman I have ever see . betsy be momentarily take back , but pleased . travis ' presence have a definite sexual charge . he have that star quality betsy look for : she sense there be something special about the young man who stand before she . and then , too , there be that disarming smile . he be , as betsy would say , " fascinating " . betsy ( smile ) be that so ? ( pause ) but what do you think of Charles palantine ? travis ( he mind elsewhere ) who mam ? betsy Charles palantine . the man you want to volunteer to help elect president . travis oh , I think he 's a wonderful man . make a great , great President . betsy you want to canvass ? travis yes , mam . 27 . betsy be interview Travis , but she be also teasing he a little , lead he on in a gentle feminine way : betsy how do you feel about Senator palantine 's stand on welfare ? this take travis back a bit . he obviously do not have the slight idea what palantine 's stand on welfare be , in fact , he do not have any idea about politics whatsoever . travis think a moment , then improvise a answer : travis Welfare , mam ? I think the Senator 's right . people should work for a live . I do . I like to work . every day . get that old coot off welfare and make them work for a change . betsy do a subtle double - take : this be not exactly palantine 's position on welfare . she remain intrigue by Travis . betsy well , that 's not exactly what the Senator have propose . you might not want to canvass , but there be plenty more other work we need do : Office work , filing , poster hang . travis I be a good worker , betsy mam , a real good worker . betsy ( gesture ) if you talk to Tom , he will assign you to something . travis if you do not mind , mam , I would rather work for you . betsy well , we be all work tonight . travis well , betsy mam , I drive a taxi at night . 28 . betsy well , then , what be it you exactly want to do ? travis ( bolster courage ) if you do not mind , mam , I would be mighty pleased if you would go out and have some coffee and pie with I . betsy do not quite know what to make of Travis . she be curious , intrigue , tantalize . like a moth , she draw closer to the flame . betsy why ? travis well , betsy mam , I drive by this place here in my taxi many time a day . and I watch you sit here at this big long desk with this telephone , and I say to myself , that 's a lonely girl . she need a friend . and I be gonna be she friend . ( smile ) Travis rarely smile , but when he do he whole face glow . it be as if he be able to tap a inner reserve of charm unknown even to himself . betsy be completely disarm . betsy I do not know ... travis it 's just to the corner , mam . in broad daytime . nothing can happen . I will be there to protect you . betsy ( smile ) all right . ( relent ) all right . I be take a break at four o'clock . if you be here then we will go to the corner and have some coffee and pie . travis oh , I appreciate that , betsy mam . I will be here at four o'clock exactly . ( pause ) and ... ah ... betsy ... 29 . betsy yes ? travis my name be Travis . betsy thank you , Travis . Travis nod , turn and exit . Tom , who have be watch this interchange with a pseudo - standoffish ( actually jealous ) air , step over to betsy . his manner demand some sort of explanation of what betsy be do . betsy simply shrug ( it 's really none of he business ) and say : betsy I be just go to find out what the cabby be think . CUT to : Travis be pace back and forth on Broadway just beyond the palantine headquarters . he check he watch . travis ( v.o. ) April 26 , 1972 . four o'clock p.m . I take betsy to the mayfair coffee shop on Broadway ... int . coffee shop Travis and betsy be sit in a booth of a small New York coffee shop . they both have be serve coffee ; Travis be nervously turn he cup around in he hand . as Travis speak v.o. , waitress bring they order : Apple pie for travis , fruit compote for betsy . travis ( v.o. ) I have black coffee and apple pie with a slice of melt yellow cheese . I think that be a good selection . betsy have coffee and a fruit salad dish . she could have have anything she want . betsy 's conversation interrupt Travis ' v.o. : 30 . betsy we have sign up 15.000 palantine volunteer in New York so far . the organizational problem be become just staggering . travis I know what you mean . I have get the same problem . I just can not get thing organize . Little thing , I mean . like my room , my possession . I should get one of that sign that say , " one of this day I be gonna organezied " . Travis contort he mouth to match he mispronunciation , than break into a big , friendly , infectious grin . the very sight of it make one 's heart proud . betsy can not help but be catch up in Travis ' gin . Travis ' contagious , quicksilver mood cause : betsy ( laugh ) Travis , I never ever meet anybody like you before . travis I can believe that . betsy where do you live ? travis ( evasive ) oh , uptown . you know . some joint . it be not much . betsy so why do you decide to drive a taxi at night ? travis I have a regular job for a while , day . you know , doin ' this , doin ' that . but I do not have anything to do at night . I get kinda lonely , you know , just wander around . so I decide to work night . it be not good to be alone , you know . betsy after this job , I be look forward to be alone for a while . 31 . travis yeah , well ... ( a beat ) in a cab you get to meet people . you meet lotsa people . it 's good for you . betsy what kind of people ? travis just people people , you know . just people . ( a beat ) have a dead man once . betsy really ? travis he would be shot . I do not know that . he just crawle into the back seat , say " West 45th Street " and conk out . betsy what do you do ? travis I shot the meter off , for one thing . I know I be not goimg to get pay . then I drop he off at the cop shop . they take he . betsy that 's really something . travis oh , you see lot of freaky stuff in a cab . especially when the moon 's out . betsy the moon ? travis the full moon . one night I have three or four weirdo in a row and I look up and , sure enough , there it be - the full moon . betsy laugh . Travis continue : 32 . travis oh , yeah . people will do anything in front of a taxi driver . I mean anything . people too cheap to rent a hotel room , people scoring dope , people shoot up , people who want to embarrass you . ( a bitterness emerge ) it 's like you be not even there , not even a person . nobody know you . betsy cut Travis ' bitterness short : betsy com'on , Travis . it 's not that bad . I take lot of taxi . travis I know . I could have pick you up . betsy huh ? travis late one night . about three . at the plaza . betsy Three in the morning ? I do not think so . I have to go to bed early . I work day . it must have be somebody else . travis no . it be you . you have some manila folder and a pink bag from sak . betsy , realize Travis remember she precisely , scramble for a polite rationale for she behavior : betsy you be right ! now I remember ! it be after the western regional planner be in town and the meeting go late . the next day I be completely bushed . it be unbelievable . travis if it be not for a drunk I would have pick you up . he want to go to the dmz . 33. betsy the dmz ? travis South bronx . the worst . I try to ditch he , but he be already in the cab , so I have to take he . that 's the law . otherwise I would have pick you up . betsy that would have be quite a coincidence . travis you would be surprised how often you see the same people , get the same fare . people have pattern . they do more or less the same thing every day . I can tell . betsy well , I do not go to the Plaza every night . travis I do not mean you . but just ordinary people . a guy I know - dough - Boy - meet he wife that way . they get to talk . she say she usually catch the bus so he start pick she up at the bus stop , take she home with the flag up . betsy that 's very romantic . some of you fare must be interesting . see any star , politician , deliver any baby yet ? travis well , no ... not really ... have some famous people in the cab. ( remember ) I get this guy who make laser . not regular laser , not the big kind . Little laser , pocket size , small enough to clip you belt like a transistor radio , like a gun , you know . like a ray gun . Zap . betsy ( laugh ) what hour do you work ? 34 . travis I work a single , which mean there 's no replacement - no second man on the cab . six to six , sometimes eight . seventy - two hour a week . betsy ( amaze ) you mean you work seventy - two hour a week . travis sometimes 76 or 80 . sometimes I squeeze a few more hour in the morning . eighty mile a day , a hundred mile a night . betsy you must be rich . travis ( big affectionate smile ) it keep ya busy . betsy you know what you remind I of ? travis what ? betsy that song by kris kristofferson , where it 's say " like a pusher , party truth , partly ficition , a walk contradiction " . ( smile ) travis I be no pusher , betsy . honest . I never have push . travis I do not mean that , Travis . just the part about the contradiction . travis ( more at ease ) oh . who be that again ? betsy the singer ? 35 . travis yeah . yes . I do not follow music too much . betsy ( slowly ) kris kristofferson . Travis look at betsy intently and they exchange smile . CUT to : Travis be walk confusedly around SAM goody' at midday , obviously unable to locate what he desire . Travis be lose among the hip , young intellectual type that populate the store . he watch the stylish , attractive female help , unable to come right out and request what he desire . a young salesgirl see he plight , walk over and ask if he need any help . Travis inaudibly say a name to she , although the name be obviously kris kristofferson . the salesgirl dig out kristofferson 's " Silver - tongue Devil " album for he . Travis say something additional to the salesgirl and she go off to gift - wrap the album . Travis emerge from the record store , the brightly gift - wrap album proudly tuck under he arm . CUT to : a lengthy Pov shot from Travis ' vantage point behind the wheel . we see the city as Travis see it . the front windshield be a little dirty , the light meter just up at the low right screen . the intercom crackle with static and message . the light turn green ; we take off with a start . a short first gear - quick shift - a long second gear . the cab ease to the right of the street , check out prospective fare . we eye scan the long line of pedestrian . the regular - bum , junky , tourist , hooker , homosexual , hippie - they mean nothing now . they only blend into the sidewalk and light storefront . we eye now concentrate on that that step away from the curb - be that man hail a cab or scratch he head ? 36 . in the next block there be perhaps three , four fare - quick gas - up through this yellow light - brake sharply - check the action . the first : Tourist , nickel tipper - let the next guy pick they up . let the second go also , the third - there 's a live fare . Middle - age local woman : short fare to the East side , good tip . we pull to the curb , wait for she to get in . it be a long wait - a Black STREET WALKER cross in front of the cab . we focus on ( as Travis would ) a young couple embrace in the distance . as we travel , we hear Travis ' random thought about select fare and tip : travis ( v.o. ) you work at night , you get a instinct . you can smell they . the big tipper , the stiff , the trouble maker . Quarter be good tip for Manhattan . queen be better , Brooklyn be best . go for the guy with suitcase . the rich be the worst tipper , hook be lousy . spook be okay , but they do not live at Park Ave after all . the meter be activate : $ .60 register . tick , tick , tick . a quick glance show the woman be now seat . she say softly , " 192 East 89 " . we take off with another jolt . Cross back up 9th Ave , then cut through the park . we be zoom up 9th Ave - how many green light can we string together ? somebody step out to hail the cab , but quickly step back again . the meter be up $ .90 . it will be a $ 1.40 fare . now through the park and we be almost there . check the number - 134 - 140 . end of the block . fare= $ 1.40 . check back mirror - she 's get out two bill . two quarter and a dime change . tip will be either . 25 or .35 . the tip come back : 35 cent - good tip . good lady . we take off again with a jolt . this be Travis ' world : Dark side street , garish glaring main street , quick glance , quick evaluation - a dozen instantaneous decision a minute . be this people , be this object ? ext . travis ' taxi speed down darken street . Travis let off a fare and pull into line at the Plaza . 37 . travis ( v.o. ) I call betsy again at she office , and she say maybe we could go to a movie together after she get off work tomorrow . that 's my day off . at first she hesitate , but I call she again and she agree . ( pause ) betsy . betsy what ? I forget to ask she last name again . damn . I have get to remember stuff like that . Travis ' thought be with betsy , as three men enter Travis ' cab . he activate the meter and pull off . man' voice St. regis Hotel . Travis check the mirror . scan across the back seat , he recognize the middle passenger . it be charle palantine , candidate for President . he must have leave the Hotel shortly after betsy . Tom , seat on the jump seat , check he watch and speak deferentially to palantine : tom it 's 12:30 now . you will have fifteen minute before the actual luncheon begin . palantine nod as he assistant pick up the thread of a earlier conversation . assistant I do not think we have to worry about anybody here commit themselves until thing start come in from California . Travis recognize he passenger . he put out he cigarette . travis ( interrupt ) say , be not you Charles palantine , the candidate ? palantine ( only mildly irritate ) yes I be . 38 . travis well , I be one of you biggest supporter . I tell everybody that come in this cab that they should vote for you . palantine ( pleased ; glance to check Travis ' license ) why , thank you Travis . travis I be sure you will win , sir . everybody I know be go to vote for you . ( a beat ) I be go to put one of you sticker on my taxi but the company say it be against they policy . palantine ( pleasant ) I will tell you , Travis , I have learn more about this country sit in taxi cab than in the board room of General Motors . tom ( joke ) and in some other place too ... palantine , he Assistant and Tom all laugh . palantine , quickly reassume candiorial mien , speak to Travis : palantine Travis , what single thing would you want the next President of this country to do most ? travis I do not know , sir . I do not follow political issue much . palantine there must be something ... travis ( think ) well , he should clean up this city here . it 's full of filth and scum . scum and filth . it 's like a open sewer . I can hardly take it . ( more ) 39 . travis ( cont 'd ) some day I go out and smell it then I get headache that just stay and never go away . we need a President that would clean up this whole mess . flush it out . palantine be not a hubert humphrey - type professional bullshitter , and Travis ' intense reply stop he dead in he track . he be force to fall back on a stock answer but try to give it some meaning . palantine ( after a pause ) I know what you mean , Travis , and it 's not go to be easy . we be go to have to make some radical change . travis ( turn the wheel ) damn straight . ext . barclay HOTEL travis ' taxi pull up in front of the Barclay Hotel . palantine and aide get out of the cab . second aide stay in back seat a moment to pay travis . palantine look in front window of cab momentarily and nod goodbye to travis . palantine Nice talk to you , Travis . travis ( call back ) thank you , sir . you be a good man , sir . Travis ' taxi depart . palantine and aide walk up carpet to the St. regis . camera close in on palantine as he stop , turn back and watch Travis ' depart taxi . palantine turn back and ascend the hotel step with he aide . 40 . ext . manhattan STREET - early morning travis , dress to the tooth , walk brightly down the sidewalk . his face be frehsly shave , he hair comb , he tie straighten . he pause in a store window to check he appearance . under he arm he carry the gift- wrap kristofferson record album . outside palantine headquarters betsy , smartly dress , wave goodbye to another campaign worker and walk out the door to greet he . a short while later , travis and betsy be walk down Broadway toward Times Square . betsy do not let they body touch as they walk although travis contemplate edging closer to she . betsy have open the package and be admire the record - or , rather , Travis ' sentiment behind give it . Travis look around himself with pride : this be a moment in he life - one of the few . betsy you do not have to spend you money - ? travis ( interrupt ) he will , what else can I do with it all ? betsy notice that the seal on the record have not be break . betsy Travis , you have not even play the record ? travis ( evasive ) yeah , well my stereo player be break . but I be sure the record be ok . betsy you stereo break ? God , I could hardly stand that . I live on music . 41 . travis I do not follow music much . I would like to though . ( second think ) honest . betsy ( point to album ) so you have not hear this record yet ? travis no. ( sly smile ) I think maybe you could play it for I on you player . betsy 's face backtrack a bit . maybe she be wrong to go out with this fellow she do not know . she make a polite laugh . later . Travis and betsy be in time square , turn the corner from Broadway to 42nd Street . Travis carry the album under he arm . they approach the garish marquee of a large midtown porno theatre advertising " the swedish Marriage manual " . the box office be flanke on both side by glass cage fill with explicit publicity still . offend portion have be block out with black tape . Travis step over to the window and busy two $ 5 ticket . betsy , befuddle , watch he . she do not know what to say . Travis return with the ticket . betsy still have not fully comprehend what be happen : betsy what be you do ? travis ( innocent ) I buy a couple of ticket . betsy but this be a porno movie . travis no , this be the kind that couple go to . they be not like the other movie . all kind of couple go . honest . I have see they . 42 . Travis seem confuse . he be so much part of he own world , he fail to comprehend another 's world . compare to the movie he see , this be respectable . but then there 's also something that Travis could not even acknowledge , much less admit : that he really want to get this pure white girl into that dark porno theatre . Travis make a awkward gesture to escort betsy into the theatre . betsy look at the ticket , at the theatre , at Travis . she mentally shake she head and walk toward the turnstile . she think to herself : " what the Hell . what can happen ? " she 's always be curious about this picture anyway , and - like all woman , no matter how intelligent - she 's be raise not to offend she date . a perverse logic which apply even more in offset circumstance like this . inside the theater Travis escort betsy to a empty center row . Travis be right . couple do go to film like this . there be at least six or seven other men with they bewigge " date " . Travis settles into he familiar porno theatre slouch . betsy look curiously from side to side . on screen , a conservatively - dress middle - age woman be speak in swedish about importance of healthy sex life in a happy marriage . subtitles translate she word . then , without warning , there be a direct CUT to a couple copulate on a sterile table - like bed . Travis watch intently . the color , however , be slowly drain from betsy 's cheek . one think fill she mind : " what be I do here ? " travis ( to himself ) damn . betsy what 's wrong ? travis I forget to get the coca-cola . that do it . betsy just look at he for a moment , then get up and start to leave . Travis , confuse , hustle after she . he follow she out of the theatre . 43. on the sidewalk Travis catch up with she . travis where be you go ? betsy I be leave . travis what do you mean ? betsy look at Travis , try to understand he : betsy this be not the kind of movie I go to . travis well , I do not follow movie too much ... betsy you mean this be the only kind of movie you go to ? the ticket girl watch expressionlessly from the booth . travis this be sort of high class ... betsy I mean porno movie . travis ( hesitant ) well ... mostly ... betsy my God ! travis we can go to another movie if you like , I do not care . I get money . there 's plenty ... Travis gesture toward the long row of 42nd Street marquee , but be interrupt by betsy : betsy if you just want to fuck , why do not you just come right out and say it ? 44 . Travis be flabbergasted by betsy 's blunt language . his arm still gesture toward the marquee , he lip continue to move , but word do not come out . unable to respond to betsy 's question , Travis pick up where he leave off : travis ... there 's plenty of movie around here . I have not see any of they , but I be sure they be good . betsy no , Travis . you be a sweet guy and all that , but I think this be it . I be go home . travis ( interrupt ) you mean you do not want to go to a movie ? ( a beat ) there 's plenty of movie around here . betsy no , I do not feel so good . we be just two very different kind of people , that 's all . travis ( puzzle ) huh ? betsy it 's very simple . you go you way , I will go mine . thanks anyway , Travis . travis but ... betsy ... betsy I be get a taxi . she walk to the curb . travis ( follow she ) what about the record ? betsy keep it . travis can I call you ? 45 . betsy look for a cab . travis ( tender ) please , betsy , I buy it for you . betsy look at he sad , sweet face and relent a bit . betsy all right , I will accept the record . betsy accept the record , but quickly turn and hail a taxi . betsy taxi ! a taxi quickly pull up . Travis feebly protest to no one in particular : travis but I get a taxi . betsy give instruction to cab driver , look briefly back at Travis , then straight ahead . taxi speed off . Travis look around helplessly : a cluster of pedestrian on the crowded street have stop to watch the argument . Travis look back at the woman in the porno theatre box office who have also be follow the argument . CUT to : inside travis ' apartment Travis be sit at the table . there be some new item on the table : his giant econo-sized bottle of vitamin , a giant econo-sized bottle of aspirin , a pint of apricot brandy , a partial loaf of cheap white bread . on the wall behind the table hang two more item : a gag sign read " one of this day I be gonna get organezied " and a orange - and - black bumper sticker for Charles palantine . travis ( v.o. ) May 8 , 1972 . my life have take another turn again . the day move along with regularity ... c.u. of notebook : Travis be no longer sit at the desk . the pencil rest on the open notebook . 46 . later that day : travis have pull he straight - back chair around and be watch he small portable tv , which rest on the upright melon crate . a cereal bowl partially fill with milk rest in he lap . Travis pour a couple shot of the apricot brandy into the bowl , dip fold chunks of white bread into the mixture , and eat they . Travis be watch early evening news program . tv background SOUND . Charles palantine be be interview somewhere on the campaign trail . travis ( v.o. ) ( contd ) ... one day indistinguishable from the next , a long continuous chain , then suddenly - there be a change . betsy be walk down a midtown street when Travis suddenly appear before she . he have be wait . Travis try to make conversation but she do not listen . she motion for he to go away and keep on walk . Travis , protest , follow . CUT to : int . build - day Travis speak intensely into a wall pay phone . travis ( v.o. ) I try to call she several time . we hear Travis ' Voice on the phone . travis ( smoking a cigarette ) you feel better ? you say you do not feel so good ... travis ( v.o. ) but after the first call , she would no longer come to the phone . Travis hold the receiver in he hand . the other party have hang up . tracking shot across interior lower wall of travis ' apartment . against the stark wall there be a row of wilted and die floral arrangement . each one of the four or five bouquet be progressively more wilted than the one closer to the door . they have be return . 47 . travis ( v.o. ) I also send flower with no luck . I should not dwell on such thing , but set they behind I . the smell of the flower only make I sicker . the headache get worse I think I have get stomach cancer . I should not complain so . " you be only as healthy as you feel . " a drama be act out at palantine headquarters : Travis , groggy and red-ey from lack of sleep , walk into the campaign headquarters about noontime . betsy be stand near the rear of the office ; she duck from sight when she see Travis enter . Travis ' path be cut short by Tom 's large - frame body . there be no live sound . travis ( v.o. ) I realize now how much she be like the other , so cold and distant . many people be like that . they be like a union . Travis try to push he way past Tom but Tom grab he . Travis say something sharply to Tom and the two scuffle . Tom , by far the taller and stronger , quickly overcome Travis , wrenching he arm behind he back . Travis kick and protest as Tom lead he to the front door . on the sidewalk Travis ' effort quickly subside when Tom motion to a nearby policeman . Travis quiet down and walk off . CUT to : ext . Travis be again make he way through the garish urban night . he stop for a passenger on park ave . a middle - aging professorial executive . c.u. travis : his face be expressionless . the man make himself comfortable in the back seat . professional passenger Jackson Heights . Travis have no intention of drive out to Jackson Heights and come back with a fare . 48 . travis I be off duty . professional passenger you mean you do not want to go out to Jackson Heights ? travis no , I be off duty . professional passenger then how come you " off duty " light be not on . travis switch on the " off duty " light . travis it be on . ( gesture toward top of taxi ) it just take a while to warm up . like a tv. travis do not budge . professional passenger curse to himself and exit cab . Travis take off . Pov as Travis ' eye dwell on the young hip couple come out of a East side movie house . later that night , travis pull over for a young ( mid - twenty ) man wear a leather sport jacket . travis eye he passenger in rear-view mirror . young passenger 471 Central Park West . ext . travis ' taxi speed off . later , travis ' taxi slow down as it approach 400 block of Central Park West . Travis check apartment number . young passenger just pull over to the curb a moment . travis turn the wheel . young passenger yeah , that 's fine . just sit here . 49 . travis wait impassively . the motor tick away . after a long pause , the passenger speak : young passenger cabbie , ya see that light up there on the seventh floor , three window from this side of the building ? camera close in on 417 Central Park West : tracking up to the seventh floor , it move three window to the right . travis ( v.o. ) yeah . a young woman wear a slip cross in front of the light . young passenger ( o.s. ) ya see that woman there ? travis ( o.s. ) yeah . young passenger ( o.s. ) that 's my wife . ( a beat ) but it be not my apartment . ( a beat ) a nigger life there . ( a beat ) she leave I two week ago . it take I this long to find out where she go . ( a beat ) I be gonna kill she . c.u. travis ' face : it be devoid of expression . young passenger what do you think of that , cabbie ? c.u. young passenger 's face : it be gaunt , drain of blood , full of fear and anger . Travis do not respond . young passenger huh ? ( a beat ) what do you think of that , huh ? Travis shrug , gesture toward meter . 50 . young passenger I be gonna kill she with a .44 Magnum pistol . camera return to seventh floor window . woman be stand in the light . young passenger ( o.s. ) do you ever see what a .44 can do to a woman 's face , cabbie ? ( pause ) do you ever see what it can do to a woman 's pussy , cabbie ? Travis say nothing . young passenger ( o.s. ) I be go to put it right up to she , cabbie . right in she , cabbie . you must think I be real sick , huh ? a real pervert . sitting here and talk about a woman 's pussy and a .44 , huh ? camera close in on Travis ' face : he be watch the woman in the seventh floor window with complete and total absorption . it 's the same glaze - over stare we see in he eye as he watch the porno movie . fade to : brooklyn STREET corner - day Travis stand near the corner wear he boot , jeans , western shirt and army jacket . he pull he aspire bottle out of he pocket , shake three or four into he palm , pop they into he mouth and chew . a " off duty " taxi pull up to the curb . Travis get in . inside taxi dough - Boy lean back from the wheel and greet Travis as he enter . dough - boy hey Travis . this here 's easy Andy . he 's a travel salesman . in the back seat , beside Travis , sit andy , a attractive young man about 29 . he wear a pin-stripe suit , white shirt and floral tie . his hair be modishly long . 51 . andy hello Travis . Travis nod as the taxi speed off . dough - Boy slow down near a economy hotel . not a flop house , but not do fancy they care what the guest do in the privacy of they room . andy this be fine , dough - Boy ( to Travis ) pay dough - Boy here . Travis pull a twenty out of he pocket and give it to dough - Boy . travis 20 buck ? dough - boy ( take bill ) yeah . hey thanks . that 's real nice , Travis . Travis and Andy get out of the cab and walk toward the hotel . dough - Boy pull away . as they enter the hotel , they pass a junkie , stone out and spread -eagle across the hood of a derelict old blue dodge . int . HOTEL Travis follow Andy up the wear carpete stair and down the hallway . Andy unlock the door to one of the room . the HOTEL room be barren and clean ; there 's no sign anyone be stay in it . the fire escape be appropriately near . Andy lock the door behind they , step over to the closet , unlock it and pull out two grey samsonite suitcase - the kind you can drive a truck over . andy dough - Boy probably tell you I do not carry any Saturday night special or crap like that . it 's all out of State , clean , brand new , top - of - the-line stuff . Andy place the suitcase on the white bedspread . the suitcase be equip with special lock , which he quickly open . 52 . Andy open the suitcase : stack in grey pack foam be row and row of brand new hand gun . travis you get a .44 Magnum ? andy that 's a expensive gun . travis I get money . Andy unzip a cowhide leather pouch to reveal a .44 Magnum pistol . he hold it gingerly , as if it be a precious treasure . Andy open the chamber and cradle the long eight - inch barrel in he palm . the .44 be a huge , oversize inhuman gun . andy ( admiringly ) it 's a monster . can stop a car -- put a bullet right into the block . a premium high resale gun . $ 350 -- that 's only a hundred over list . easy Andy be a later version of the fast - talk , good - look kid in college who be always make money on one scheme or another . in high school he sell lottery ticket , in college he score dope , and now he 's hustling hand gun . Andy hold the Magnum out for Travis ' inspection . there 's a worshipful closeup of the .44 Magnum . it be a monster . Travis heft the huge gun . it seem out of place in he hand . it be build on Michelangelo 's scale . the Magnum belong in the hand of a marble god , not a slight taxi driver . Travis hand the gun back to Andy . andy I could sell this gun in harlem for $ 500 today - but I just deal high quality goods to high quality people . ( pause ) now this may be a little big for practical use , in which case I would recommend the .38 Smith and wesson special . Fine solid gun - nickel plate . snub-nose , otherwise the same as the service revolver . now that will stop anything that move and it 's handy , flexible . ( more ) 53. andy ( cont 'd ) the Magnum , you know , that 's only if you want to splatter it against the wall . the movie have drive up the price of the Magnum anyway . everybody want they now . but the wesson .38 - only $ 250 - and worth every dime of it . ( he heft the .38 ) throw in a holster for $ 10 . Travis heft the nickel - plate .38 , point it out the window . andy ( cont 'd ) some of this gun be like toy , but a Smith and wesson , man , you can hit somebody over the head with it and it will still come back dead on . nothing beat quality . ( pause ) you interested in a automatic ? travis I want a .32 . revolver . and a palm gun . that .22 there . andy that 's the colt .25 - a fine little gun . do not do a lot of damage , but it 's as fast as the Devil . handy little gun , you can carry it almost anywhere . I will throw it in for another $ 125 . Travis hold the .32 revolver , heft it , slip it under he belt and pull he shirt over it . he turn from side to side , to see how it ride in he waist . travis how much for everything . andy the .32 's $ 150 - and you be really get a good deal now - and all together it come to , ah , seven eighty - five for four piece and a holster . he will , I will give you the holster , we will make it seventy - five and you have get a deal - a good one . travis how much to get a permit to carry ? 54 . andy well , you be talk big money now . I would say at least five grand , maybe more , and it would take a while to check it out . the way thing be go now $ 5.000 be probably low . you see , I try not to fool with the small - time crap . too risky , too little bread . say 6 G 's , but if I get the permit it will be as solid as the Empire State Building . travis Nah , this will be fine . andy you can not carry in a cab even with a permit - so why bother ? travis be there a fire range around ? andy sure , here , take this card , go to this place and give them the card . they will charge you , but there will not be any hassle . Travis pull out a roll of crisp one hundred dollar bill and count off eight . andy you in nam ? can not help but notice you jacket ? travis ( look up ) huh ? andy Vietnam ? I see it on you jacket . where be you ? Bet you get to handle a lot of weapon out there . Travis hand Andy the bill . Andy count they and give Travis a twenty and five . travis yeah . I be all around . one hospital , then the next . 55 . andy ( through count ) it 's he will out there all right . a real shit - eatin ' war . I will say this , though : it 's bring a lot of fantastic gun . the market 's flood . colt automatics be all over . ( pocket the money ) travis ( intensely ) they would never get I to go back . they would have to shoot I first . ( pause ) you get anything to carry this in ? ( gesture to pistol ) Travis be like a light switch : for long period he go along dark and silent , say nothing ; then suddenly , the current be turn on and the air be fill with the electricity of he personality . Travis ' inner intensity set Andy back a bit , but he quickly recover . andy sure . Andy pull a gym bag from under he bed . he wrap the gun in the sheet in the bag and zip it up . a identical gym bag can be partially see under the bed . he hand Travis the bag . andy you like ball game ? travis huh ? andy I can get you front and center . what do you like ? I can get you Met , knick , ranger ? Hell , I can get you the Mayor 's box . travis Nah . I be not interested . Andy close and lock the suitcase . andy okay , okay . Travis turn to leave . 56 . andy wait a second , Travis . I will walk you out . CUT to : several week later . the face of travis ' apartment have change . the long , blank wall behind the table be now cover with tack - up chart , picture , newspaper - clipping , map . camera do not come close enough to discern the exact content of this clipping . Travis be in c.u. in the middle of the floor do push-up . he be bareback , wear only he jeans . there be a long scar across he leave side . travis ( v.o. ) May 29 , 1972 . I must get in shape . too much sit have ruin my body . twenty - five push-up each morning , one hundred sit-up , one hundred knee - bend . I have quit smoking . Travis , still bareback , pass he stiff arm through the flame of a gas burner without flinching a muscle . travis ( v.o. ) total organization be necessary . every muscle must be tight . int . firing range the cracking SOUND of rapid-fire pistol shot fill the musty air of the fire range . the wall be heavily soundproofed , and sawdust be spread over the floor . Travis stand rock solid , fire the .44 Magnum at a arm 's length . with each blast discharge from the Magnum , Travis ' body shudder and shake , he arm as if each recoil from the giant gun be a direct attack on he masculinity . Travis fire the Magnum as quickly as he can re-set , re-aim and re-fire . the Magnum be empty , he set it down , pick up the .38 special and begin fire as soon as he can aim . after the .38 , come the . 25 : it be as if he be in a contest to see how quickly he can fire the pistol . after all the gun be discharge , he begin reloading they without a moment 's hesitation . downrange , the red and white target have the black outline of a human figure draw over they . the contour- man convulse under the steady barrage of Travis ' rapid- fire shot . 57 . int . apartment travis , now wear a unfasten green plaid western shirt , sit at the table write in he diary . the vial of benny be on the table . travis ( v.o. ) my body fight I always . it will not work , it will not sleep , it will not shit , it will not eat . later . travis , he shirt still revealing he bare chest , sit on he straight - back chair watch the tv . the .44 Magnum rest on he lap . the tv be Broadcasting rock time , a late afternoon local teenage dance and rock show . on screen young teenybopper be dance , and the tv cameraman , as any devotee of the genre know , be relentlessly zooming - in on they firm young breast , fanny and crotch -- a sensibility which reflect travis ' own . this supper-hour rock dance show be the most unabashedly voyeuristic form of broadcasting the medium have yet develop . the hard rock number end , and the tv camera cut to the local disc jockey , a hirsute plastic-look man about 35 . five scrumptious teenybopper be literally hang on he shoulder and arm , they face turn up to he in droolish awe . out of he mouth come a incessant stream of disc jockey blather . he be the complete asshole ; I do not know who be currently perform this function in New York , but in Los Angeles he name be Real Don steele . tv disc jockey freshingly , fantastic , freak - out dance time . can you dig it ? dig on it . you get it , flaunt it . travis watch the show , he face hard and unmove . he be , as the scripture would say , ponder all this thing in he heart . why be it the asshole get all the beautiful young chick ? he take a swig of peach brandy . CUT to : early evening , about 6:30 p.m. travis ' taxi , with ' off duty ' light on , sit near the curb somewhere in midtown Manhattan . travis run he hand down the leave side of he jacket , attempt to smooth out the bulge underneath . travis open he jacket partially , check underneath . there rest the nickel - plate .38 special in its holster . 58 . p.o.v. down the street where travis ' taxi be park : several block ahead the red , white and blue campaign headquarters of charle palantine be visible . travis ' eye resume they watch . travis start the car and drive toward the palantine headquarters . tracking p.o.v. shot of row of storefront lead up to palantine headquarters . p.o.v. pass headquarters : it be half -empty . a few stalwart supporter continue to work toward the rear of the office . betsy be desk ---- sign in window read : " only 4 more day until arrival of charle palantine . " travis ' " off duty " light go off as he speed up and head toward a prospective fare . later that night , about 9:30 . uptown -- 128th and Amsterdam . the jungle . travis ' taxi pull up to a address , let off young black man . travis receive fare and tip , take off . p.o.v. as travis work he way through harlem back down seventh Ave . cluster of young black STREET punk pretend to hail cab -- we ignore they . one throw wine bottle which crash in we path -- taxi swerve to avoid it . camera track through sidewalk crowd with the rove , suspicious , antagonistic eye of a taxi-driver . later that night , about 12:30 . travis be on the lower east side , somewhere on B Street , east of tompkin Square . the sidewalk be populate with the remain of what once be the hippie movement : teenage STREET - walker , junkies , thug , emaciate loner on the prowl . travis ' taxi pull over , let out a fare . travis pocket he fare , but the rear right door do not slam -- instead there be the SOUND of another person jump into the cab . travis check the back seat in the rear-view mirror : there sit a pale hippie prostitute . the girl be , at best , 14 or 15 , although she have be make up to look older . she wear floppy , Janis joplin clothes . her face be pallid . she wear large blue-tint sunglass and multi-color leg stocking . 59 . her name , as we shall learn later , be Iris . travis hesitates , look at she in the mirror . Iris come on , mister , let 's get outta here -- quick . travis move to activate the meter , when the rear door open . Iris be help out of the cab by a man travis can not see . sport ( to Iris ) come on , baby , let 's go . this be all a real drag . Iris let herself be take out of the cab . the rear door close . Sport lean partially in the front window , throw something on the front seat . travis look : it be a crumpled $ 20 bill . sport just forget all about this , cabbie . it 's nothing . travis can not see the Sport 's face lime green completely , but notice he be wear a jacket . the voice be that of a man in he early twenty . travis turn to catch a glimpse of Sport as he walk off with Iris . travis shrug and turn around . travis ' taxi pull away . CUT to : early morning , 6:00 a.m. quitting time -- travis pull into taxi garage . int . garage travis pull into he stall . travis sit in driver 's seat , think a moment . he look to he right : the crumpled $ 20 bill still lie there , untouched since it be throw there six hour previously . travis reluctantly pick up the $ 20 bill and stuff it into he jacket pocket as he get out of the cab . he gather up he time report and head toward book - in table . 60 . a short while later , travis be walk down the sidewalk near the taxi garage . his hand be in he jacket pocket , obscure the slight bulge on he leave side . travis turn into the box offfice of porno theater . he reach into jacket pocket for money to purchase ticket and pull out crumpled $ 20 bill . see the $ 20 bill , he decide not to use it , and pay for ticket out of he wallet instead . travis walk past concession stand en route to the darken theater auditorium . a young man be now sit listlessly behind the concession counter . int . porno theater auditorium travis slouches down into he seat , he face glow in the reflect light from the screen . female movie voice ( o.s. ) oh , come on , now , down , lick it , come on ... ( a beat ) mmm , that 's good . ahh , ahh , more ... travis avert he eye as the action on screen become too graphic . place he stiffen right hand beside he eye , travis can , by turn it inward , shut off or open up he field of vision by small degree . movie voice diminish , replace by SOUND of travis ' voice over . travis ( v.o. ) the idea have be grow in my brain ... CUT to : tracking shot to wall of travis ' apartment . camera move slowly across wall cover with clipping , note , map , picture . we now see they content clearly : the wall be cover with charle palantine political paraphernalia ; there be picture of he , newspaper article , leaflet , bumper sticker . as the camera move along it discover a sketch of Plaza Hotel , Kennedy Airport and cut - up section of city map with notation write in . there be lengthy n.y. Times clipping detail the increase secret Security Protection during the primary . a section pertain to palantine be underline . further along there be a sheet read " travel schedule " and a calendar for June with finely write notation write over the date . 61 . travis ( v.o. ) ( contd ) ... for some time . true Force . all the king 's man cannot put it back together again . as the camera reach the end of its track , it find travis , stand , he shirt open , but the mattress . he be wear the empty holster , and the .44 be in he hand . in the shot that follow travis give the audience a lesson in gunmanship : travis practice fast - draw the .38 special from he holster and fire it . he hook the .44 into he pants behind he back and practice withdraw it . he hold the .44 firmly at a arm 's length , tightening he forearm muscle . he have work out a system of metal glider tape to he inner forearm , whereby the colt .25 can rest hide behind the upper forearm until a spring near the elbow be activate , send the .25 fly down the glider into he palm . he have cut open he shirt to accomodate the gun mechanism and now check in the mirror to see how well the gun be hide . he strap a Army combat knife to he calf and cut a slit in he jeans where the knife can be pull out quickly . he now try on various combination of shirt , sweater and jacket in front of the mirror to see how well he can hide all the handgun he wish to carry . finally , wear two western shirt , a sweater and jacket , he manage to obscure the location of all three gun , although he resemble a hunter bundle up against the Arctic winter . he sit at the table dum-dumming the .44 bullet -- cut " x 's " across the bullet head . p.o.v. : he scan the object of he room through the scope of the .38 . travis stand in the middle of he apartment , stare at he palantine wall . his eye be glaze with introspection ; he see nothing but himself . travis ( v.o. ) ( contd ) listen you screwhead : here be a man ... travis lie on he mattress , all bundle up in he shirt , sweater , jacket and gun . his face be turn toward the ceiling , but he eye be close . although the room be flood with light , he be finally catch some sleep . 62 . the big furry animal drift into he own world . travis ( v.o. ) ( contd ) ... who would not take it any more , a man who stand up against the scum , the cunt , the dog , the filth . here be ... ( voice trail off ) c.u. of diary : entry end with word " here be " follow by erratic series of dot . CUT to : night : the taxi be roam the slick street . sometimes after 2:00 a.m. , travis pull he cab to the curb near a all - night delicatess in Spanish harlem . the street be relatively desert . travis wave to storekeeper as he walk past counter : travis hey ' melio . Spanish rhythm and blue blare from a cheap radio . travis walk over to dairy counter in rear of store , pick out a pint of chocolate milk , go over to the open cooler and pick through various chill prepackage sandwich . he overhear a voice as he look at the sandwich . when travis return to the counter with the chocolate milk and a sandwich in one hand , he see a young black man hold a gun on ' melio . the stick - up man be nervous , hop - up , or both ; he bounce on the ball of he cheap wear black tennis shoe -- a strung - out junkie on a desperation ride . the stick - up man , a thorough unprofessional , do not notice travis . 'melio watch the stick - up man closely , decide what to do himself . stick - up man ( shaking gun ) come on , man . Quick , quick , quick . Hand over that bread . it do not take travis long to decide what to do : without hesitation he pull he .32 from he jacket pocket . travis hey dude ! 63. the stick - up man , surprised , turn toward travis , find only a explode .32 . the man 's lower jaw burst open with blood as he reel and crash to the floor . there be no emotion on travis ' face . as the stick - up man fall , ' melio lean over the counter , wield he batter .38 . he be about to fire when he realize the man be already dead . 'melio , charge up , turn he gun toward travis , then , realize the danger be over , lower it again . ' melio thanks , man . figure I would get he on the way out . travis set he .32 on the counter . travis you be gonna have to cover I on this one , ' melio . I can not stay for the cop show . ' melio you can not do that , Travis . you be my witness . travis the hell I can not . it 's no sweat for you . what be this for you , number five ? 'melio smile and hold up four finger : ' melio no , only four . ( shrug ) alright , Travis , I will do what I can . travis thanks a lot . travis exit . ' melio pick up the phone and start dial . the bloody body lie on the floor unmove . travis , still carry he pint of chocolate milk and sandwich , walk down the empty sidewalk and enter he cab . the street be desert . CUT to : direct CUT to pornographic movie : this be the first time we have actually see the porno movie itself . 64 . several actor and actress be dally on screen in whatever manner the rating board deem permissible . whatever the action , the movie 's decor be strictly Zody 's -- ersatz landscape painting , tufte bedspread . as in most porno film , the actor look up occasionally toward the camera to receive instruction . Studio grunt , groan and moan of pleasure have be dub in . action on screen begin to go into slow motion , the actor and actress gradually transform obscenity into poetry . CUT to : travis , sit in he chair in he apartment , watch afternoon soap opera . he be clean he .38 and eat from a jar of applesauce . soap opera audio continue . he watch the soap opera without expression . SOUND track of film also slow down , gradually mixing with and then become the sound track of a midafternoon tv soap opera . a young girl and boy be talk in that familiar soap opera voice and a third party , the girl 's mother , who have try to terminate they " relationship . " CUT to : television : the boy be visit the girl in she hospital room . both look as if they have step out of the Blue chip stamp catalogue . soap opera boy be it that she just do not -- like I ? soap opera girl ( hesitantly ) well , Jim , it 's just that -- I do not know how to say this -- it 's that she think you parent be not ... good enough , I guess . travis , through clean he gun , begin to play a game with the television set . he place the heel of he boot at the top of the melon crate which support the tv . then , slowly rock he heel back and forth , he see how far he can tip the melon crate without knock it over . 65 . the tv , still broadcasting the hospital room melodrama , rock back and forth . travis push the tv farther and farther until finally the inevitable happen -- the crate tip backward , send the portable tv crash to the floor . there be a short flash and the tv screen turn white . travis , realize what he have do , bend over , turn the tv upright on the floor , fiddle with the knob , slap it , and try to reactivate the vanish image . travis ' effort be futile ; a tube have break , and the tv will not come back to life . travis ( to himself ) damn , damn . travis bend over in the chair and place he head in he hand , despair of himself . fade to : about 1 a.m . travis pull he cab behind a line of empty taxi park outside the bellmore cafeteria , a cabbie hangout on Park Avenue South . he lock he cab and walk past the line of taxi . he sidestep two drunken fighting bum and enter the bellmore . a loud buzzer ring as travis step into the bellmore . he pull a ticket from the dispenser ( silencing the buzzer ) and walk toward the wall - length counter . a assortment of cabbie be seat around a formica- top table near the rear of the cafeteria . some be barely awake , some be eat , the rest be swapping storey and smalltalk . wizard , dough - Boy , Charlie T and a FOURTH cabbie be seat at a long table . wizard you know Eddie , he 's the new hippie kid in we group , long hair ... wizard demonstrate length of hair and other nod . wizard ... he call up the dispatcher last night . Charlie mccall , we dispatcher ... 66 . dough - boy one -ball mccall ? wizard that 's the guy . Eddie call he up and say , " hey , what do you want I to do . I be over here at poly prep . I get a girl in the back and she do not have the fare . she want I to come in back and collect . what should I do ? the cabby laugh . across the cafeteria Travis select a cup of coffee and some pastry . charlie T this be on the two - way with about a hundred and fifty car listenin in . wizard mccall say . " how much on the meter ? " Eddie come back and say " two-fifty . " mccall say , " be she worth it " . more laughter . dough - boy fuckin one-ball . wizard and the kid say , " yeah . she 's about 19 , good-lookin . " mccall say , " what can I tell you ? " FOURTH cabbie she should have tell he to get a ok from the front office . ( laughter ) wizard mccall say , " well , if you want some help I will see if I can send some unit out . " charlie T yeah . about a hundred and fifty . dough - boy I hope he have a checker . 67 . wizard she be just a kid . stone , you know . Travis , carry he coffee and pastry , walk over to they table . Charlie T spot he . charlie T hiya killer . Charlie form he hand into a pistol , cock and fire , make the SOUND , " pgghew . " travis nod . wizard you be get a rep , Travis . travis sit down and the other cabbie resume they conversation . charlie T get the five you owe I , killer ? travis reach into he pocket and pull out a roll of small denomination bill . the crumpled $ 20 bill fall onto the table . travis stare at it a moment . he unfold a five , give it to charlie T , then pick up the crumpled $ 20 and put it back into he jacket pocket . wizard ( o.s. ) ( to Travis ) what 's the action around ? travis slow . charlie T shit yes . night woulda be dead if I have not grab a outatowner at Kennedy . take he roun the horn and get a five dollar tip to boot . wizard ( joke ) one of this day we be gonna turn you in , Charlie T. fleecin the hick like that . dough - boy remember the time this cat pick up four dude from the other side , pakastanis I think they be , hold up they passport , to the toll booth collector on the bridge and charge they ten buck each for ' crossing the border ? 68 . they all laugh . charlie T Hell , I know would you to do worse . dough - boy least I be no airport rat . I work the whole town . charlie T ( chuckle ) it 's a live . wizard get up to leave . wizard well , I be shovin ' on . wizard get up , nod and walk toward the cashier . after a second 's think , travis call to he : travis hey wiz , just a second . I wanna talk to you . wizard wait for travis as he take a final gulp of coffee and catch up with he . charlie T call to travis as they go : charlie T see ya , killer . do not forget you pea shooter . charlie T cock he imaginary gun again , fire and chuckle . wizard and travis nod goodbye , pay the cashier and exit . ext . travis follow wizard out onto the sidewalk . travis follow wizard as he walk toward he cab . he have something on he mind , something he want to talk to wizard about . travis ( walk ) hey wiz . wizard lean back against the cab . travis be about to speak when he spot a group of black and puerto rican STREET punk , age 12 - 15 , jiving down the sidewalk toward he . one toss a spray paint can around he back , basketball style . another mock as if he 's go to scratch a key along one of the cab . 69 . wizard have no visible reaction . a flash of control anger cross travis ' face . he stare at the boy with the poise key . it be the same look that cross he face in the harlem deli . we be remind with a jolt that the killer lie just beneath travis ' surface . the black punk must instinctively realize this too , because he make a cocky show of put the key back into he pocket and be-bopp around travis and wizard . the young mean-streeters continue down the street and travis turn back to wizard . across the street , in the background , a junkie nestle in a doorway . travis ( hesitant ) wiz ? wizard yeah ? travis look , ah , we never talk much , you and I ... wizard yeah ? travis I want to ask you something , on account you have be around so long . wizard shoot . they do not call I the wizard for nothing . travis well , I just , you know ... wizard thing get ya down ? travis Real down . wizard it happen . 70 . travis sometimes it get so I just do not know what I be gonna do . I get some real crazy idea , you know ? just go out and do something . wizard the taxi life , you mean . travis yeah . wizard ( nod ) I know . travis like do anything , you know . wizard Travis , look , I dig it . let I explain . you choose a certain way of life . you live it . it become what you be . I have be a hack 27 year , the last ten at night . still do not own my own cab . I guess that 's the way I want it . you see , that must be what I be . a police car stop across the street . two patrolmen get out and roust the junkie from he doorway . wizard ( continue ) look , a person do a certain thing and that 's all there be to it . it become what he be . why fight it ? what do you know ? how long you be a hack , a couple month ? you be like a peg and you get drop into a slot and you get to squirm and wiggle around a while until you fit in . travis ( pause ) that 's just about the dumbest thing I ever hear , wizard . wizard what do you expect , Bertrand Russell ? I have be a cabbie all my life , what do I know ? ( a beat ) I do not even know what you be talk about . 71 . travis neither do I , I guess . wizard you fit in . it 's lonely , it 's rough at first . but you fit in . you get no choice . wizard yeah . sorry , wizard . wizard do not worry , killer . you will be all right . ( a beat ) I see enough to know . travis thanks . wizard give travis a short wave imply , " Chin up , old boy , " and walk around to the driver 's side of he cab . wizard drive off , leave the street to its natural inhabitant . CUT to : fade in : ext . charle palantine rally - day a rally platform in a supermarket parking lot somewhere in queen be drape in red , white and blue bunt . a crowd of about 500 person mill about , wait for the rally to begin . pipe pop-country music play over the loudspeaker system . the cadre of secret service men , with they distinctive metallic grey suit , sun glass and football physique , stand out in the crowd . on the platform be seat a assortment of local politicos as well as some palantine worker and adviser . tom be silently read something on the podium , and betsy stand on the platform step talk with another worker . tom look up and to he leave for a moment , then return to what he be read . then he return he gaze to the upper leave , watch something very closely . 72 . after a moment he walk over to the step where betsy be stand . tom betsy , come over here a moment . betsy what be it ? I be busy . tom ( insistent ) just follow I . betsy excuse herself and walk across the platform with tom . as they stand to the rear of the platform , tom secretively make a gesture with he eye and say out of the side of he mouth : tom look there . ( she eye follow he ) no , over further - get you glass - yes , over there . be not that little guy the same guy that be bugging you around the office about a month ago ? betsy , put on she glass , look closely . she try not to make she stare too obvious . betsy no , I do not think so . ( a beat ) that 's someone else . tom now look more closely . look around the eye and chin . see ? see there ? camera close in on travis bickle stand in the crowd : he have shave he head to a short stubble . there he be : brush - cut , wear a giant grin , and a large " palantine ' 72 " button . although it be a pleasant sunny day , travis wear a bulky bulge - out Army jacket . travis look warily from side to side and vanish in the crowd . a short while later , travis walk up to a secret service man stand near the fringe of the crowd . the secret service man -- in sun glass , grey suit , ever-rove eye -- be immediately identifiable . 73. whenever travis confront a symbol of authority , he become like a young boy . this time be no exception , although one suspect there be a plan hatching beneath that boyish exterior . the secret service man , for he part , be about as talkative as the sphinx . travis be you a secret service man ? secret service man ( indifferently ) why do you ask ? travis I have see a lot of suspicious - look people around here today . secret service man glance at travis momentarily . secret service man who ? travis oh , lot . I do not know where they all be now . there use to be one stand over there . ( point ) secret service man 's gaze follow travis ' finger for a second , then return to travis . travis ( contd ) be it hard to get to be a secret service man ? secret service man why ? travis I kinda think I might make a good one . I be very observant . secret service man oh ? travis I be in the Army too . ( beat ) and I be good with crowd . the secret service man be start to get interested in travis : he definitely rank as a suspicious character . 74 . secret service man be that so ? travis what kind of gun do you guy use ? .38' ? the secret service man decide it 's time to get some more information on travis : secret service man look , um , if you give I you name and address , we will send you the information on how to apply . travis you would , huh ? secret service man ( take out notepad ) sure . travis my name be Henry krinkle -- that 's with a " k . " k-r-i-n-k-l-e . I live at 13 1 / 2 Hopper Avenue , Fair lawn , New Jersey . Zip code 07410 . ( a beat ) get that ? secret service man sure , Henry . I get it all . we will send you all the stuff all right . travis great , hey . thanks a lot . the secret service man motion to a secret service photographer to catch a picture of travis . travis notice this , and quickly slip away into the crowd . CUT to : travis sit at he desk in he apartment , write . he wear jeans , western shirt and empty holster . travis ( v.o. ) June 11 . eight rally in six more day . the time be come . CUT to : night . travis ' taxi pick up a fare in the midtown area and head downtown . 75 . lower east side . travis let off fare on B Street and cut across toward tompkin Square . travis turn the corner when skreetch ! he suddenly hit the brake , cause the cab to rock back and forth . he have almost hit a young girl recklessly crossing the street . she thump she hand on the taxi hood to regain she balance and stare in shock through the front window . c.u. girl 's face . travis recognize she face : it 's Iris , the girl in he taxi a week or so before . Iris look at travis sharply then turn and continue walk . travis ' eye follow she and she rejoin a girlfriend . they be both dress as hippie hooker : sloppy clothes , boot , jeans , floppy hat . and the old come-hither walk be unmistakable . travis follow Iris and she girlfriend slowly as they walk down the sidewalk . travis ' p.o.v . he examine they from bottom to top -- boot , leg , thigh , breast , face , hat . as travis roll astride the girl , he notice the familiar fringe of a suede jacket stand in the shadow . the girl look toward the shadowed figure , smile , acknowledge some unheard comment , and continue on . Iris look back uneasily at travis ' taxi and continue on . on the corner stand two well - to - do college student , somewhat out of place in this environment , but make every attempt to groove on it . they be high on something or another . the girl spot the college student and walk over to they . they exchange some small talk and walk off together . there be little subtlety involved : it be obviously a pick-up . travis must negotiate a turn around the corner if he be to continue follow the girl and they collegiate johns . this be not so easy , since the traffic be heavy . as travis slow down to make the turn , he notice another hippie hooker who have be watch he watch Iris and she girlfriend . she walk over to the taxi , loan in the open leave front window and give travis the come - on disguise as a innocent question : c.u. hippie hooker . 76 . hippie hooker hey cabbie ! you comin ' or goin ' ? travis quickly turn he face away from she in a combination of shock , embarrassment and revulsion . he be the child catch with he hand in the cookie jar . the very presence of this crassly , openly sexual human be frighten and sicken he . travis take off with a skreetch . his taxi shoot down the block . CUT to : a hot JUNE day . travis ' taxi , the " off duty " sign on , be park against the curb somewhere in harlem . white cop , secret service men and reporter , punctuate the otherwise black crowd which walk to and for in the b.g . charle palantine 's voice can be hear come from a distant loudspeaker system . it be a political rally . travis sit behind the wheel , coldly stare at something in the distance . his hair , of course , be still clipped short and he wear mirror- reflect sunglass . even though a drop of sweat be work its way down he cheek , travis wear he Army jacket with the bulge on the leave side -- the .38 Smith and wesson bulge . a block away , palantine stand on a platform outside he uptown campaign headquarters . on the platform sit a array of black dignitaries . nearby we recognize the secret service man travis speak to at the earlier rally : he scan the crowd anxiously . palantine be speak animatedly . he be a excellent speaker and capture we attention . he drive hard toward he argument , crash down on he point . his strain voice ring with sincerity and anger . c.u. of palantine as he speak . he be dress in roll - up shirtsleeve and sweat pour down he face . palantine the time have come to put a end to the thing that divide we : racism , poverty , way -- and to that person who seek to divide we . never have I see such a group of high official from the President to Senate leader to cabinet member ... 77 . CUT to travis : no expression . palantine 's word be barely distinguishable from a block away : palantine ( in distance ) ... pit black against white , young against old , sow anger , disunity and suspicion -- and all in the name of the " good of the country . " well , they game be over . ( applause ) all they game be over . now be the time to stand up against such foolishness , propaganda and demagoguery . now be the time for one man to stand up and accept he neighbor , for one man to give in order that all might receive . be unity and love of common good such a lose thing ? all live SOUND cease as travis ' narration begin . he be read from a letter or card he have just write . as he speak we see shot of palantine speak , a seat row of young black palantine red , white and blue bedeck cheerleader , secret service agent examine the crowd and so forth . this shot have no direct relationship to the narration . travis ( v.o. ) ( read ) dear Father and mother , June be the month , I remember , which bring not only you wedding anniversary , but also Father 's Day and mother 's birthday . I be sorry I can not remember the exact date , but I hope this card will take care of all of they . I be sorry I again can not send you my address like I promise to last year , but the sensitive nature of my work for the Army demand utmost secrecy . I know you will understand . I be healthy and well and make lot of money . I have be go with a girl for several month and I know you would be proud if you could see she . ( more ) 78 . travis ( v.o. ; cont 'd ) her name be betsy , but I can tell you no more than that . ( interrupt ) as travis read third paragraph , a policeman be see walk from behind travis ' taxi to he window . the policeman 's voice come during a pause in the narration . live SOUND resume . policeman ( stand near window ) hey , cabbie , you can not park here . travis ( penitent ) sorry , officer . policeman you wait for a fare ? policeman lean he head in window , inspect the cab . as he do , travis slide he right hand into the leave side of he jacket , ready to draw he revolver . travis no , officer . policeman all right , move it . travis start up he taxi and drive off . live SOUND again cease as travis resume read letter as taxi drive away . as travis read final paragraph , scene cut to int . apartment where travis sit at he table . travis ( v.o. ) ( resume read ) I hope this card find you all well , as it do I . I hope no one have die . do not worry about I . one day there will be a knock on the door and it will be I . Love , Travis . travis , at he desk , examine the card upon which he have just write this letter . 79 . c.u. cover of card . it be a 25 '' wedding anniversary card with a four-color emboss cover . the design could only be describe as ur-kitsch . a cartoon Mr. and Mrs. all - America stand before a outdoor barbecue grill , click salt and pepper shaker in a toast . sentiment read : happy anniversary to a couple who have found the perfect combination for Marriage ... the card open to read : love ! underneath the word " Love ! " begin travis ' short message to he parent , a message which extend to the back cover of the card . CUT to : night on the lower east side . travis sit park in the dark shadow of a side street . the lone wolf wait . travis watch the slum goddess as they work the section of the street reserve for hippie hooker . travis ' p.o.v. : some of the young STREET girl be arrogant , almost aggressive , other be more insecure and inexperienced . a black man charge down the sidewalk across the street from travis . he walk at a fast , maniacal clip , look only at the sidewalk in front of he . out of he mouth come a continuous stream of invective : " that -cock-sucking - crazy - no - good-asshole-bitch - when-I-get-my-fucking-fingers-on-her - nigger-tits -i'm-gonna-ring-em-and-shit-up-her-ass ... " and so on . he be out of Control . nobody seem to notice or care . travis take a swig of peach brandy and continue he stake - out . finally , travis spy the object of he search : Iris walk down the sidewalk with she girlfriend . Iris wear she large blue sunglass . travis check to see if he .38 be in place ( it be ) , open the door and exit from the cab . flip up the collar of he Army jacket , travis slouches over and walk toward Iris . he sort of sidle up next to she and walk beside she : travis always look most suspicious when he 's try to appear innocent . 80 . travis ( shy ) hello . Iris you look for some action ? travis well ... I guess so . Iris ( eyeing he ) all right . ( a beat ) you see that guy over there ? ( nod ) his name be Sport . go talk to he . I will wait here . Travis ' eye follow Iris ' nod until they reach Sport , stand in a doorway in he lime green jacket . Travis walk toward he . Sport , a thirtiesh white greaser , have the affection of a black pimp . his hip be jiving , he finger softly snap . he sing to he self , " go to the chapel , gonna get marry ... " his complexion be sallow ; he eye cold and venal . he could only seem romantic to a confuse underage runaway . travis you name Sport ? Sport immediately take Travis for a undercover cop . he extend he cross wrist as if to be handcuff . sport here , officer , take I in . I be clean . I do not do it . get a ticket once in Jersey . that 's all . honest , officer . travis you name Sport ? sport anything you say , officer . travis I be no cop . ( look back at Iris ) I want some action . 81 . sport I see . $ 20 fifteen minute . $ 30 half hour . travis shit . sport take it or leave it . travis dig in he pocket for money . sport no , not I . there will be a elderly go to take the bread . travis turn to walk away . sport catch you later , copper . travis freeze , not say anything . he turn back toward sport . travis I be no cop . sport well , if you be , it 's entrapment already . travis I be hip . sport funny , you do not look hip . ( laugh ) travis walk back to Iris . Iris motion for travis to follow she and he do . Iris and travis turn the corner and walk about a block , say nothing . Iris turn into a darken doorway and travis follow she . at the top of the dark stair Iris and travis enter a dimly light hallway . on either side be door with apartment number . Iris turn toward the first door , no. 2 . Iris this be my room . 82. at the far end of the darken corridor sit a huge old man . his face be obscure by shadow . travis be about to enter the room when the old man speak up : old man hey cowboy ! travis turn he head toward the old man who have stand up and be advance toward he . old man ( motion to travis ' jacket ) the rod . ( a beat ) gimme the rod , cowboy . travis hesitates a moment , uncertain what to do . the old man reach in travis ' jacket and pull out the .38 special . old man this be not dodge City , cowboy . you do not need no piece . ( glance at watch ) I be keepin ' time . travis enter no. 2 with Iris . travis look around Iris ' room : although dimly light , the room be brightly decorate . there be a orange shag carpet , deep brown wall and a old red velvet sofa . on the wall be poster of Mick Jagger , Bob Dylan and Peter fonda . a Neil Young album be play on a small phonograph . this be where Iris life : it bear the individual touch of a young girl . Iris light a cigarette , take a single puff and place it in a ashtray on the bedstand . travis why you hang around with they greaser ? Iris a girl need protection . travis yeah . from the like of they . Iris ( shrug ) it 's you time mister . Fifteen minute be not long . ( gesture to cigarette ) that cigarette burn out , you time be up . 83. Iris sit on the edge of the bed and remove she hat and coat . she take off she blue-tint sunglass -- she last defense . without the paraphernalia of adulthood , Iris look like a little girl she be . about 14 , 15 . travis what 's you name ? Iris easy . travis that be not much of a name . Iris it 's easy to remember . easy Lay . travis what 's you real name ? Iris I do not like my real name . travis ( insistent ) what 's you real name ? Iris Iris . travis that 's a nice name . Iris that 's what you think . Iris unbutton she shirt , revealing she small pathetic breast -- two young dove hide from a winter wind . travis be unnerve by she partial nudity . travis do not you remember I ? button you shirt . Iris button only the bottom button of she shirt . Iris ( examine he ) why ? who be you ? travis I drive a taxi . you try to get away one night . remember ? 84 . Iris no . travis you try to run away in my taxi but you friend -- Sport -- would not let you . Iris I do not remember . travis it do not matter . I be gonna get you outta here . ( look toward door ) Iris we better make it , or Sport will get mad . how do you want to make it ? travis ( pressured ) I do not want to make it . I come here to get you out . Iris you want to make it like this ? ( go for he fly ) travis push she hand away . he sit beside she on the edge of the bed . travis ( take she by the shoulder ) can not you listen to I ? do not you want to get out of here ? Iris why should I want to get out of here ? this be where I live . travis ( exasperate ) but you be the one that want to get away . you be the one that come into my cab . Iris I musta be stone . travis do they drug you ? 85 . Iris ( reproving ) oh , come off it , man . Iris try to unzip travis ' fly . this only unnerve travis more : sexual contact be something he 's never really confront . travis listen ... Iris do not you want to make it ? ( a beat ) can not you make it ? Iris work on travis ' crotch off camera . he bat she hand away . travis ( distraught ) I want to help you . travis be get increasingly panicked , but Iris only think this be part of he particular thing and try to overcome it . Iris ( catch on ) you can not make it , can you ? ( a beat ) I can help you . Iris lower she head to go down on travis . travis , see this , jump up in panic . travis stand several foot from Iris . his fly be still open , and the white of he underwear show through he jeans . he be start to come apart . travis fuck it ! fuck it ! fuck it ! fuck it ! fuck it ! fuck it ! fuck it ! Iris ( confuse ) you can do it in my mouth . travis do not you understand anything ? Iris say nothing . after a moment , travis again sit on the bed beside Iris . she no longer try to make he . 86 . there be a moment of silence . Iris put she arm around he shoulder . Iris you do not have to make it , mister . travis rest a moment , collect himself . finally , he say : travis ( slowly ) do you understand why I come here ? Iris I think so . I try to get into you cab one night , and now you want to come and take I away . travis do not you want to go ? Iris I can leave anytime I want . travis but that one night ? Iris I be stone . that 's why they stop I . when I be not stone , I get no place else to go . they just protect I from myself . there be a pause . travis smile and shrug apologetically . travis look at Iris ' cigarette . it 's burn down to the butt . travis well , I try . Iris ( compassionate ) I understand , mister . it mean something , really . travis ( get up ) can I see you again ? Iris that 's not hard to do . travis no , I mean really . this be nothing for a person to do . 87 . Iris sure . all right . we will have breakfast . I get up about one o'clock . tomorrow . travis ( think ) well tomorrow noon there 's a ... I get a ... Iris be interfere with travis ' assassination schedule . Iris well , you want to or not ? travis ( decide ) o.k . it 's a date . I will see you here , then . travis turn ; Iris smile . tom oh , Iris ? Iris yes ? tom my name 's Travis . Iris thank you , Travis . travis so long , Iris . ( a beat ) sweet iris. ( smile ) travis exit . travis close the door to no. 2 and stand in the corridor for a moment . the old man slowly walk from the dark end of the hallway with travis ' .38 in he hand . old man stand near travis , and check he watch . old man ( hold gun ) I think this be yours , cowboy . 88. travis reach in he jacket pocket and pull out the familiar crumpled $ 20 bill . he make a big show of stuff the wrinkle bill into the old man 's hand . the old man do not understand the significance of it . travis ( restrain anger ) here 's the twenty buck , old man . you better damn well spend it right . travis turn and walk away . old man say as travis walk down stair : old man come back anytime you want , cowboy . but without the rod -- please . travis do not respond . CUT to : int . ST . regis suite noon palantine , Tom and palantine 's Assistant be seat in garishly decorate suite . assistant well , at least it be not chicken . palantine it be not ? I think it be . it taste like chicken . tom c'mon , Senator . that be a class dinner . the St. regis be a class joint . that be veal . palantine be it ? it sure taste like chicken to I . ( a beat ) lately , everything taste like chicken to I . assistant everything ? get to watch you gut . palantine what about it ? I take 20 off before we start this thing . 89 . assistant and you have put ten of it back on . palantine ten ? I do not think so . you really think so ? ten ? tom that tv camera do . I catch the rally on CBS . you look a little paunchy . palantine I do not think I gain ten pound . palantine get up and walk over to the window . its bar form a cross-sight on he head . he think to himself : palantine ( weary ) Jesus Christ . he look at the crowded traffic on fifth Avenue eighteen floor below . it be a mass of yellow . CUT to : ext . fifth ave noon Travis ' cab pull away from the yellow mass and head downtown . CUT to : ext . downtone coffee shop noon Travis ' cab be park near a neighborhood bickford 's . CUT to : travis and Iris be have late breakfast at a middle - class east side coffee shop . it be about 1:30 p.m. Iris be dress more sensibly , wear jeans and a maroon sweater . her face be freshly wash and she hair comb out . see this way , Iris look no different than any young girl in the big city . other patron of the coffee shop most likely assume she be have lunch with she big brother . they be both have a all - american breakfast : ham and egg , large glass of orange juice , coffee . 90 . outside here environment , Iris seem the more pathetic . she seem unsure , schizy , unable to hold a subject for more than thirty second . her gesture be too broad , she voice too mannered . we sympathize with Travis ' paternal respect . this girl be in trouble . Iris ... and after that Sport and I just start hang out ... travis where be home ? Iris remove she large blue-tint sunglass and fish through she bag for another pair . Iris I get so many sunglass . I could not live without my shade , man . I must have twelve pair of shade . she find a pink -tint pair and put they on . travis where ? Iris Pittsburgh . travis I be not ever be there , but it do not seem like such a bad place . Iris ( voice rise ) why do you want I to go back to my parent ? they hate I . why do you think I split ? there be not nothin there . travis but you can not live like this . it 's hell . Girls should live at home . Iris ( playfully ) do not you ever hear of woman 's lib ? there be a short , quick silence ; travis ' eye retract . he go on : 91 . travis ( ignore she question ) Young girl be suppose to dress up , go to school , play with boy , you know , that kinda stuff . Iris place a large gob of jam on she unbutter toast and fold the bread over like a hotdog . Iris God , you be square . travis ( release pent - up tension ) at least I do not walk the street like a skunk pussy . I do not screw and fuck with killer and junky . Iris motion he to lower he voice . Iris who 's a killer ? travis that fella " Sport " look like a killer to I . Iris he never kill nobody . he 's a Libra . travis huh ? Iris I be a Libra too . that 's why we get along so well . travis he look like a killer . Iris I think Cancer 's make the best lover . my whole family be air sign . travis he shoot dope too . Iris what make you so high and mighty ? do you ever look at you own eyeball in a mirror . you do not get eye like that from ... 92 . travis he 's worse than a animal . jail 's too good for scum like that . there be a brief silence . Iris mind continue to whirl at 78 rpm . she seem to have three subject on she mind at a time . she welcome this opportunity to unburden herself . Iris rock music die in 1970 , that 's what I think . before that it be fantastic . I can tell you that . everybody be crash , hang out at the Fillmore . I and my girlfriend Ann use to go up the fire escape , you know ? it be unbelievable . rock star everywhere . that airplane -- that 's my group , man . all libras . but now everybody 's split or get sick or bust . I think I will move to one of that commune in vermont , you know ? that 's where all the smart one go . I stay here . travis I never be to a commune . I do not know . I see picture in a magazine , and it do not look very clean to I . Iris why do not you come to a commune with I ? travis I ? I could never go to a place like that . Iris why not ? travis ( hesitant ) I ... I do not get along with people like that . Iris you a scorpion ? that 's it . you be a scorpion . I can tell . travis besides , I have get to stay here . 93. Iris why ? travis I have get something important to do . I can not leave . Iris what 's so important ? travis I can not say -- it 's top secret . I be do something for the Army . the cab thing be just part time . Iris you a narc ? travis do I look like a narc ? Iris yeah . travis break out in he big infectious grin , and Iris join he laughter . Iris God , I do not know who 's weirder , you or I . travis ( pause ) what be you go to do about Sport and that old bastard ? Iris just leave them . there 's plenty of other girl . travis you just gonna leave them ? Iris ( astonished ) what should I do ? call the cop ? travis cop do not do nothin . Iris Sport never treat I bad , honest . never beat I up once . 94 . travis you can not leave them to do the same to other girl . you should get rid of they . Iris how ? travis ( shrug ) I do not know . just should , though . ( a beat ) somebody should kill them . nobody would miss them . Iris ( take back ) God . I know where they should have a commune for you . they should have a commune for you at Bellevue . travis ( apologetic / sheepish ) I be sorry , Iris . I do not mean that . Iris you be not much with girl , be you ? travis ( think ) well , Iris , I look at it this way . a lot of girl come into my cab , some of they very beautiful . and I figure all day long man have be after they : try to touch they , talk to they , ask they out . and they hate it . so I figure the best I can do for they be not bother they at all . so I do not say a thing . I pretend I be not even there . I figure they will understand that and appreciate I for it . it take Iris a moment to digest this pure example of negative think : I be love to the extent I do not exist . Iris do you really think I should go to the commune ? 95 . travis I think you should go home , but otherwise I think you should go . it would be great for you . you have to get away from here . the city 's a sewer , you gotta get out of it . mumbling something about she " shade " again , Iris fish through she bag until she come up with another 99 '' pair of sunglass and put they on . she like this better , she decide . Iris sure you do not want to come with I ? travis I can not . otherwise , I would . Iris I sure hate to go alone ... travis I will give you the money to go . I do not want you to take any from that guy . Iris you do not have to . travis I want to -- what else can I do with my money ? ( think ) you may not see I again -- for a while . Iris what do you mean ? close on c.u. of travis : travis my work may take I out of New York . CUT to : Iris ' room - day Sport stand beside the bed . sport what 's the matter , baby , do not you feel right ? 96 . Iris be wear she blue-tint shade . Iris it 's my stomach . I get the flu . Sport put he hand on she hip . he be slowly , carefully , smoothly manipulate she . it 's the stone black hustle . sport oh , baby , there be not no flu . you know that , baby . Iris honest , Sport . Sport put some slow soul music on the stereo . sport you be just tired , baby . you just need you man . I be you man , you know . you be my woman . I would not be nothing without you . Sport slowly grind he hip to hers . Iris start to move with he . this be what she really want . her man 's attention . sport I know this may not mean anything to you , baby , but sometimes I get so emotional , sometimes I think , I wish every man could have what I have now , that every woman could be love the way I love you . I go home and I think what it would be without you , and then I thank God for you . I think to myself , man , you be so lucky . you get a woman who love you , who need you , a woman who keep you strong . it 's just you and I . I be nothing without you . I can go like this for ever and ever . we can do it , baby . you and I . just you and I . Sport slowly rub he crotch into she . Iris smile . she be happy . the music rise . CUT to : firing range - day travis stand at the fire range blast the .44 Magnum with a rapid-fire vengeance . 97 . he set down one gun , pick up the next , then the next . quickly reloading , he fire again . the target spin and dance under he barrage . the pierce sound of gunshot ring through the air . CUT to : int . apartment travis be again write at the table . his western shirt be open , expose he bare chest . a note of despair and doom have enter into travis ' normally monotone narration voice : this will be the last entry in he diary . travis ( v.o. ) my whole life have point in one direction . I see that now . there never have be any choice for I . CUT to : lengthy p.o.v. shot from travis ' taxi : we see New York 's nightlife as travis see it . camera track down midtown sidewalk in slightly slow motion . there we see : couple , walk in slowing motion , young couple , middle - age couple , old couple , hooker and john , girlfriend , boyfriend , business friend -- the whole world match up in pair , and travis leave wander alone in the night . other would notice the breast , the ass , the face , but not travis : he notice the girl 's hand that rub the hair on she boyfriend 's neck , the hand that hang lightly on he shoulder , the nuzzling kiss in the ear . travis ( v.o. ) ( contd ) loneliness have follow I all my life . the life of loneliness pursue I wherever I go : in bar , car , coffee shop , theater , store , sidewalk . there be no escape . I be God 's lonely man . matchcut to p.o.v. : another neighborhood , later in the night . still in slightly slow motion . the crowd be more sparse here , the street darker . a junkie shudder in a doorway , a wino puke into a trash can , a STREET - WALKER meet a prospective client . 98 . travis ( v.o. ) ( continued ) I be not a fool . I will no longer fool myself . I will no longer let myself fall apart , become a joke and object of ridicule . I know there be no longer any hope . I can not continue this hollow , empty fight . I must sleep . what hope be there for I ? CUT to : int . apartment travis , he shirt fastened , stand beside table . c.u. : he lay a brief hand - write letter on the table . we read it . dear Iris , this money should be enough for you trip . by the time you read this I will be dead . Travis travis stack five crisp hundred dollar bill beside the letter , fold they up with the letter , and put they into a envelope . timecut : a short while later . travis have clean up he apartment . everything be neat and orderly . camera pan across room . the mattress be bare and flatten out , the floor be spotless , the can and bottle of food and pill put out of sight . the wall be still cover with palantine political paraphernalia , but when we reach the desk we see only four item there : a open diary and three load revolver : .44 , .38 , .25 . travis , freshly shave and neatly dress , stand in the middle of he clean room . the empty holster hang on he shoulder . Metal .25 glider can be see under the slit in he right sleeve . he turn toward table . CUT to : travis , envelope in hand , close the door behind he and walk down the corridor . he pass a ajar door and we be suprise to see the room be empty -- and trash . Travis life in a decaye , if not condemn building . 99 . ext . travis place the envelope to Iris in he mail box . back in apartment . camera close on revolver lie on the table in neat array . CUT to : fade in : SOUND of a political rally : cheer , laugh , a band play , talk . afternoon . a crowd of about 500 person be assemble before a platform outside a Brooklyn union hall . a dixieland band be play on the platform . c.u. charle palantine 's foot climb out of a limousine . there be a roar from the nearby crowd . palantine , a bulky secret service man to the right and leave of he , push he way through the crowd toward the platform . still camera click , and tv camera purr . slight timecut : palantine be speak on the platform . CUT to : travis ' empty taxi sit park a few block away from rally . at this distance , the rally sound be almost indistinguishable . c.u. of travis ' boot walk . they make they way past one person , then two , then a cluster of three or four . sound of rally increase . we see a full figure shot of travis : he be stand alone in a open near the fringe of the crowd . travis look like the most suspicious human be alive . his hair be cropped short , he wear mirror- reflect glass . his face be pallid and drain of color , he lip be purse and draw tight . he look from side to side . one can now see the full effect of travis ' lack of sleep and sufficient diet -- he look sick and frail . even though it be a warm June day , travis be bundle up in a shirt , sweater and Army jacket buttone from top to bottom . under he jacket be several large lump , cause he upper torso to look larger than it should . he be slightly hunch over and he hand shove into he pocket . 100 . anyone scan the crowd would immediately light upon travis and think , " there be a assassin . " travis pull the vial of red pill from he pocket and swallow a couple . CUT to : secret service man stand beside the platform , scan the crowd . it be the same secret service man travis speak to at the first rally . tom , dress in a conservative suit , stand beside he . palantine be wrapping up he short speech : palantine ... and with you help we will go on to victry at the poll Tuesday . ( applause ) travis begin move up into the crowd . palantine ( contd ) on to victory in Miami Beach next month ( building applause ) and on to victory next November ! palantine step back , smile and receive the applause . then , nodd , at the secret service man he descend the stair and prepare to work he way through the crowd . travis unbutton the middle two button of he jacket , open access to he holster . with the other hand he check the .44 hook behind he back . palantine smile and shake a few of the many hand outstretch toward he . the secret service man , scan the crowd , spot something that interest he . he look closely . secret service man be p.o.v. : travis , he face intense , push he way through the crowd . palantine work he way through crowd and camera . secret service man motion to second secret service man and point in travis ' direction . travis slip he hand into he jacket . 101 . the second secret service man converge on travis from the side . travis and palantine draw closer to each other . secret service man , walk just behind palantine , grab the candidate 's hand and pull he backward . palantine look sharply back at secret service man who motion for he to take a slightly alter route . travis see this : he eye meet the secret service man 's . he recognize the situation . to he right he spot the second secret service man . travis ' eye meet palantine 's : candidate and would - be assassin exchange quick glance . travis hastily work he way back through the crowd . he hear the secret service man 's voice call out : secret service man detain that man ! overhead shot reveal travis have the jump on he pursuer . he be break free of the crowd while they be still mire in it . travis , free of he pursuer , quickly make he way down the sidewalk . the secret service men look futilely about . travis jump in he cab . sweat cover he face . CUT to : the film be move fast now ; it push hard and straight toward its conclusion . we be move toward the kill . late afternoon . travis ' taxi skid around a corner and speed into Manhattan . travis check he mail slot : the letter to Iris have already be pick up by the mailman . travis , stripped to the waist , walk back and forth across he int . apartment , wiping he torso with a bath towel . travis begin dress : -- he strap the Army combat knife to he calf . -- he reflex the metal glider and the colt .25 on he right forearm . 102 . intercut : sport stand in he doorway on the lower east side shot with long distance lens . it be early evening . intercut : a pudgy middle - age white private cop walk up to sport . the two man laugh , slap each other on the back and exchange a soul shake . they discuss a little private business and the private cop walk off in the direction of Iris ' apartment . -- travis strap on holster and fit the .38 special into it . intercut : private cop walk down block . -- travis hook the huge Magnum into the back of he belt . he put on he Army jacket and walk out the door . intercut : private cop turn up darken stairway to Iris ' apartment . night have fall : travis ' taxi careen down 10th Ave . he speed , honk , accelerate quickly . the glare of speed yellow and red light flash through the night . travis ' p.o.v. : pedestrian attempt to flag down travis ' taxi , but quickly step back up on the curb when he see travis have no intention of stop for anything . intercut : sport maintain he post in the dark doorway . he wave to a girl who pass , and she wave back . travis ' taxi screech to a stop and park obliquely against the curb . CUT to : travis walk down the block to the doorway where sport stand . camera track with travis . without slow , travis walk up to sport and put he arm on he shoulder in a gesture of friendliness . travis hey , Sport . how be thing ? sport ( shrug ) o.k. , cowboy . travis ( needle he ) how be thing in the pimp business , hey Sport ? 103 . sport what 's go on ? travis I be here to see Iris . sport Iris ? travis push sport back into the dark recess of the corridor . sport wha -- ? travis yeah , Iris . you know anybody by that name ? sport no. ( beat ) hillbilly , you would better get you wise ass outa here and quick , or you be gonna be in trouble . travis be be propel by a inner force , a force which take he past the boundary of reason and self - control . travis ( restrain anger ) you carry a gun ? sport look into travis ' eye , say nothing : he realize the seriousness of the situation . travis pull he .38 special and hold it on sport , push he even further back against the wall . travis get it . sport ( submissive ) hey , mister , I do not know what 's go on here . this do not make any sense . travis ( demand ) show it to I . sport reluctantly pull a .32 caliber pistol ( a " purse gun " ) from he pocket and hold it limply . 104 . travis stick he .38 into sport 's gut and discharge it . there be a muffle blast , follow by a mute scream of pain . travis now suck on that . agony and shock cross sport be face as he slump to the floor . travis turn and walk away before sport even hit . as travis walk away , sport can be see struggle in the b.g. travis , he gun slip into he jacket , walk quickly up the sidewalk . around the corner , travis walk into the darken stairway lead to Iris ' apartment . as he walk up the stair , travis pull the .44 Magnum from behind he back and transfer the .38 special to he leave hand . he walk up the step , a pistol dangle from each hand . at the top of the stair , travis spot the old man sit at the far end of the dark corridor . the old man start to get up when travis discharge the mighty .44 at he . blaam ! the hallway reverberate with shock wave and gun powder . the old man stagger at the end of the corridor : he right hand have be blow off at the forearm . there be the sharp SOUND of a gunshot behind travis : he face grimace in pain . a bullet have rip through the leave side of he neck . blood flow over he leave shoulder . travis ' .44 fly into the air . travis look down the stairway : there sport lie choke in a puddle of he own blood . he have struggle long enough to fire one shot . falling , travis drill another .38 slug into sport 's back but sport be already dead . travis slump to he knee . down the corridor the old man with a bloody stump be struggle toward he . travis turn he .38 toward the old man . the door to no. 2 open : Iris ' scream be hear in the b.g . the bulky frame of the private cop fill the doorway . his blue shirt be open , in he hand hang a .38 service revolver . the private cop raise he gun and shoot travis . travis , blood gush from he right shoulder , sink to the floor . his .38 clang down the stair . 105 . the old man grow closer . travis smashes he right arm against the wall , miraculously , the small colt .25 glide down he forearm into he palm . travis fill the private cop 's face full of bullet hole . the private cop , scream , crash back into the room . the old man crash atop travis . the .25 fall from travis ' hand . both man be bleed profusely as they thrash into Iris ' room . Iris hide behind the old red velvet sofa , she face freeze in fright . travis , trap under the heavy old man , reach down with he right hand and pull the combat knife from he right calf . just as travis draw back the knife , the old man bring he huge leave palm crash down on travis : the old man 's palm be impale on the knife . old man scream in pain . Police siren be hear in b.g. with great effort , travis turn over , pin the old man to the floor . the bloody knife blade stick through he upturn hand . travis reach over with he right hand and pick up the revolver of the new dead private cop . travis hoist himself up and stick the revolver into the old man 's mouth . the old man 's voice be full of pain and ghastly fright : old man do not kill I ! do not kill I ! Iris scream in b.g. travis look up : Iris do not kill he , Travis ! do not kill he ! travis fire the revolver , blow the back of the old man 's head off the silencing he protest . the police siren screech to a halt . SOUND of police officer run up the stair . 106 . travis struggle up and collapse on the red velvet sofa , he blood - soak body blend with the velvet . Iris retreat in fright against the far wall . first uniform police officer rush in room , draw gun in hand . other policemen can be hear run up the stair . travis look helplessly up at the officer . he form he bloody hand into a pistol , raise it to he forehead and , he voice croaking in pain , make the sound of a pistol discharge . travis pgghew ! pgghew ! out of breath fellow officer join the first policeman . they survey the room . travis ' head slump against the sofa . Iris be huddle in the corner , shaking . live SOUND cease . overhead slow motion tracking shot survey the damage : -- from Iris shaking against the blood -spatter wall -- to travis blood - soak body lie on the sofa -- to the old man with half a head , a bloody stump for one hand and a knife stick out the other -- to police officer stare in amazement -- to the private cop 's bullet - ride face trap near the doorway -- to puddle of blood and a lonely .44 Magnum lie on the hallway carpet . -- down the blood-speck stair on which lie a nickle - plate .38 Smith and wesson special -- to the foot of the stair where sport 's body be hunch over a pool of blood and a small .32 lie near he hand -- to crowd huddle around the doorway , hold back by police officer -- past red flash light , run policemen and park police car 107 . -- to the ongoing nightlife of the lower East side , curious but basically unconcern , look then head its own way . fade to : fade in : ext . travis ' apartment - day it be early fall . the tree be lose they leave . CUT to : slow tracking shot across int . apartment . room appear pretty much the same , although there be a new portable tv and a inexpensive easy chair . visual : track begin at table and work across the room to the mattress . we see this item : -- on the table rest the diary , close . a desk calendar stand on the table : it be October . -- across the wall where the palantine clipping once hang there be now a series of new newspaper clipping . right to leave , they read : 1 . the first be a full back page from the n.y. Daily News . headline read : " cabbie battle gangster . " there be large photo of police stand in Iris ' room after the slaughter , and a picture of travis ' cabbie mug shot . 2 . underneath there be a more discreet clipping without photo from the n.y. Times . two -column headline read : " cabbie shootout , Three Dead . " 3 . a follow - up story from the News . two -column photo show plain middle - age couple sit in middle - class live room . two -column headline read : " Parents Express shock , gratitude . " 4 . a two - column Daily News story without photo . headline read : " taxi - Driver hero to recover . " 5 . a one - column two - paragraph News story stick on a obscure page . headline read : " cabbie returns to job . " -- at the end of the clipping , a letter be tack to the wall . it be a simple letter hand - write on plain white paper . the handwrite make a conscious effort to appear neat and orderly . we recognize that it be the same letter that be be read in voice over . 108 . -- when we finally arrive at the mattress , we find it be barren . a pillow and blanket ( new purchase ) be fold at the head of the mattress . audio : throughout the track , we hear the voice of a middle - age uneducate man read in voice over . it be the voice of Iris ' father and he be read a letter he send to travis , and which travis have tack to he wall . Iris ' father ( v.o. ) dear Mr. bickle , I can not say how happy Mrs. steensma and I be to hear that you be well and recuperate . we try to visit you at the hospital when we be in New York to pick up Iris , but you be still in a coma . there be no way we can repay you for return we Iris to we . we think we have lose she , but now we life be full again . needless to say , you be something of a hero around this household . I be sure you want to know about Iris . she be back in school and work hard . the transition have be very hard for she , as you can well imagine , but we have take step to see she never have cause to run away again . in conclusion , Mrs. steensma and I would like to again thank you from the bottom of we heart . unfortunately , we cannot afford to come to New York again to thank you in person , or we surely would . but if you should ever come to Pittsburgh , you would find yourself a most welcome guest in we home . we deep thanks , burt and ivy steensma CUT to : ext . plaza HOTEL - night four cab stand in the wait line in front of the hotel . 109 . near the entrance , travis and wizard stand in the light talk . travis ' hair be almost fully grow back to its normal length . travis wear the same clothes -- cowboy boot , jeans , western shirt , Army jacket -- but he be not wear a gun . there be a thick scar on the leave side of he neck . wizard be speak . wizard a private- owner want to swap wheel . now my tire be brand new . " give I a couple day , " I say . charlie T. park he cab in line and walk toward travis and wizard . charlie T howdy wizard , killer . charlie T. point he pistol / finger at travis , fire , say " pow " and laugh . charlie T ( contd ) ( casual joke ) do not mess with the killer . travis ( smile ) hey Charlie T. wizard howsit , Charlie ? ( pause ) hey Travis , I think you gota fare . they all turn . p.o.v. of doorman close rear door of travis ' taxi . travis shit. ( run off ) charlie T take it slow , killer . travis wave back to charlie T. and wizard as he run around cab and jump in the driver 's seat . travis ' taxi pull away . c.u. travis at the wheel . a female voice say : 110 . female voice 34 East 56th Street . travis recognize the voice . he look in the rear-view mirror : it be betsy . travis say nothing : he head toward 56th Street . after a silence , betsy speak : betsy hello , Travis . travis hello , betsy . there be a uneasy pause . travis I see where palantine get the nomination . betsy yes . it will not be long now . seventeen day . travis well , I hope he win . there be another pause . betsy ( concerned ) how be you , Travis ? I read about you in the papers . travis oh , I get over that . it be nothing , really . the papers always blow this thing up . ( a beat ) a little stiffness . that will go away . I just sleep more , that 's all . ext . travis ' taxi pull up to 34 East 56th Street . travis here we be . betsy dig in she purse . 111 . travis ( protest ) no , no , please . this fare 's on I . please . betsy thank you , Travis . betsy get out of the cab and stand by the right front window , which be open . travis prepare to drive away . betsy Travis ? travis yeah . betsy maybe I will see you again sometime , huh ? travis ( thin smile ) sure . betsy step away from the curb and travis drive off . she watch he taxi . camera follows travis ' taxi as it slowly disappear down 56th Street . superimpose title : the end