— _7 eam america _ fifth draft July 9th , 2903 ly a Z 9 oas ' D a wd 0 2a '' 4 oo Boy gy m terrorist tcase bomb now the music turn ominous , walk into frame . one of the t which blink with je veux but Jean francois father they look at each walk over to the the terrorist all then nod to each other and in a flash - they pull cut m - 1é ! everyone run and scream but the terrorist point they gun and pull cut the nandheld comp trigger . tere ' dak ala ! cak ala ! Tower scream as realize they peril . Jean francois close ts ner soscr . jean francois no ) not veux pas mourir !! prer / jet hybrid sw * blackhawk , c am america ' triumphant , patriotic music . play as elicopter hover , then rope drop cut team america member start to slide down , song ameri~ca ! fuck yeah , ameri -ca ! team America member joe ( 20 , th type ) be the first one to shout 2 for joe hey terrorist ! why don on somebody you own siz " ho you pi ea ?! the terrorist 's eye get wide with fear . he gun at Joe and be about to shoot when - the music become triumphant as Joe pull the trigger on he m - 16 and blow the terrorist to bloody piece . E motherfuckin ' aaaa !!! comin ' to save th day ! fuck yeah , ame - team member sunglass } ooo ty orist point he gun at Lisa , cut t in the face , and - but then he 's America member Lisa smile lovingly at carson . lisa thanks for watch my back ( with a carrrrsonnn ! one last terrorist , the crowd with the bomb . Joe fire a rocket launc swing wide and head for the eiffel Tower explode and start to collapse . typ ) who hea image ole building . sarah I get he , Joe . he 's head for the Louvre . sarzn swing she plane around and fire she missile . missile eye view - as it head towards the run terrorist . int , sarah' plane - day sarah you will not be hurt anybody eve again . the two missile run direct into the himup along with most of the Louvre back at the square , the team America member all re7cice . team member alright ! / woo-hoo ! /etc . the french people slowly get to they foot and look around at they city . teag America happily smile in front of the joe bon jour everyone ! everything be bon . terrorist do not worry , we stop sarah Viva La France ! the french people all just look around , somewhat incredulous . Joe run over to Jean francois , who be still cl : parent . Joe mmeel down to the kid , and give he a little american flag . on 7 ) lo here ya go , buddy ! _ Joe tashes away and rejoin the team . joe : cont 'd ) alrignt team , let 's head heme ! carson ) nve get a debt to carscn ooh , sound great . Lisa smile and look at carson , then everything go slow motiwn - Lisa 's face drop as she see - behizd carson , one of the bloody terrorist get up with he m - 16 . lisa carerrr~sococonnnn !!!! turn aroun xnee . the team member ail take out small pistol , shoot the terrorist to deatn , but if son lie bleed and die on the ground . the team member all run to he and fall Joe scoops carson up in he arm . joe carson ! hang on , buddy ! carson I feel ... c-c-cold . lisa you ' tt look carson you be a ... bad liar ... argh !!! carson give a pain smile and the team member all wince with sadness . carson ( cont 'd ) hey , we sure give ‘em one hell of a fight , huh ? . the camera the weepin establish shet of the Big Apple . ity , America ~ one week later ' lease ' be play out onstage to a pack house . it isa dramatic , musical extravaganza . the audience be fill with of whom dab tear from they the lead in the show be a rugge with a beautiful voice . his name have not get I ! friend and fam - i-ly ! no more ppoutin ' , no ! I have be set free ! I have get the aip ! chorus he 's get the aids ! be a serious and dapper | name be spottswcoce . lease female lead hey tad , how 's you aids ? not so great . in fact they be bad . the audience cry more at this . audience ( sobbing scund ) audience member ( cry ) oh no ! back in the audience , spottswoode open a business folder . the name on the folder read ' Gary johnston 's with a small black and white photo of the lease singer clipped to it . spettswoode look from the name to the actor on stage . gary ( finish the song ) take my aids you can have ‘em ! thunderous applause from the audience . spottswoeode sut the folder back down and clap wildly himself . Gary stand on the stage , soaking in all the applause . he love the attention . but then , he key in on two empty seat in the audience , right in the front row . Gary 's smile drop a little , as he hone in seat . yeah Gary go into he recom , ' sary with a big star . nt. G. be dressing room - night Gary walk into nis dress room be lly put he n tne mirror . he hand on the make - up tabie and in the corner of the mirror pick the picture up and loox to happen ... ext . lake - day with gary be young lock prepare a picnic . out on the lake , EIGHT year old gary , and he brother , tommy , be in kayak have a race . tommy ry and beat I Gary ! uw gary father gary ! save you brother !!! Gary slowly start to paddie , but he 's clumsy and slow . gary mother gary !!! save , now Tommy 's lifeless puppet body shoot down white water rapid , collide into rock . noooo ! '! =~ ch as he b & and to a group rogm = Gary smap out of he flashback and qu a slug of scotch . he drink the liquid down alcoholic . when Gary lift he head again and look inte the mirror , he notice the strange man we see in the audience , who be lean against the door , smoking a cigarette . spottswoode hello , young man . congratulation a terrific performance . Gary stop and turn to lceck at th oo 3 with 3 gary oh , thank you , mr...? now spottswoode step into the light . spottswoode the name be spottswoode gary ' I be Gary . yeo ac mince feat scho att sinc you seem I sheuld . ineld u we have have we time now . you could say that ... we need a actor , and they say you be the best cary ( with a Tom Cruise smile ) I do what I can . spottswoode I have a incredible offer for you , Gary , you be interested , of I this way . spottswoode do he ridiculous puppet door . Gary think for a second , and then walk same ridiculous puppet walk . ext . alley - night Gary follow spottswoode out the backstage door + alley behind the theater where a very cool and fu white limcusine be wait . spottswoode please , Gary , step into my car . and then reluctantly be va computer readout side of the space shuttle ound in wonder . gary ( wide eye with wonder ) Jesus , this be a nice limo ! spottswoode k my yes it be . New suc Gary look shocked . s$ just kid . spottswoode give 2 wry high speed . ex ny street nigh ! the limo race down the as some puppet homeless woa ! the puppet be live action lan itting im a blueser foctage behind gary just what the heli be ? spottswoolde helping the world . gary what ? spottswoode you see Gary , three year ago world crime be at a all time high . terrorism , separatism , extremism , all the ism be threaten world peace . small country be be bully by larger one , and insane ical be get they hancs on weapon . you mean like spottswoode terrorist come in all shape and size , Gary . there be Middle terrorist , asian terrorist , terrorist - Buddhist , christi Muslim terrorist . it 's a INTERNATIONAL problem and so the american government decide that it be time to create a internatisnal police force . team America . gary what 's team America ? well , I could it would be bett you . spottswoode lean forward in he seat . spottswoode ( cont 'd : Driver , I think we can valmorph safely now . the odd -look driver give a sexy look ts Gary , then hit a button on the car 's impressive control panel . Gary can not believe what he 's see . he pulis from the window and fall back to he seat a limousi now I have n oo ms the team be intelligen and spy wi help police ( bo py oo eo gary what do this € to do spottswoode we have select you to be the newest addition to the team . we need a new spy because we just lose ours . what ?! but I be a actor ! that 's all sr acting . and best . a actor with a double . major in engineering and a minor in world language . Hell , you be the perfect weapon , gar the perfect weapon ...? Gary think for a second ... then he eye pop wide - with e a wondrous movie music play as the come ajestic mount rushmore . li sight for Washington 's face at ash into it ? goo 's etn of no - Washington 's face slowly and wondrously open up with huge hydraulics , and the limo jet fly inside . tin Inside mcunt rushmore , there be a large , slick look case like we would expect to see in cheyenne Mountain . when it touch the paved ground , the limo beco ehicle again , and drive casually into one of many ak @ '' a age . spocttswoode ( get out ) this way , you maverick renegade . ps out of the car no look around the huge hangar filled with 2 th red , a I rica spottswoode lead Gary into the main room of the team America base , which be a combination of advanced technology and a cocktail friendly , fancy live room decorate with antique from all over the world . it actually look like a great room for a party , with a nice wet bar , a grand piano and luxuricus sofa seating all the team member we meet in Paris be loung plain clothes . Joe be play soft , jazzy music piano , Sarah be read , and Chris be play pcol . spottswoode team , I want you to meet Gary . as spottswoode speak , the camera move down the short line of team member . spottswocode ( cont 'd ) Gary , this be Joe . all american jet - ski world champion , technology specialist and team leader . rno joe ( shaking Gary 's hand ) ard a jot about you 4 ey say you be the best . spcttswcode saran . american Champion and former e's also the c with she xeen emo ae hee ° oe saran eye and touch Gary 's chest with a open paim . sarah you be ... nervous to be here ... I sense apprehension come from you . now big Chris step forward , still wear sunglass and a scowl . he immediately get in Gary 's face . to be we new member ? ke a grew dember to he bite be wor , he may be la lo , but he 's a ss man in be De not mind Chris , than he bark . y in the courtesy f£ the best demoliti CHRIS damn right . do not get in my way , rookie , or else pow !!!! spottswoode and finally , we have we sharp shooter . where 's Lisa ? lisa right here . Tre driver of the limo step forward , but q hat and mustache - it be not a man at all , it 's Lisa . she toss she hair back in slow motion . love-y music swell up as we see Lisa 's pretty face through a soften lens . Gary stare at she with love in he eye . spottswoode Gary , this be Lisa . ( more ) os . but 1 love , for I ama computer . ary , can you explain love to I ? CHRIS Love ?! ha ! what about love ?! sarbb back off Chris , ( close eye I sense that you be make he feel intimidate . Gary just stand there with he mouth open . who be you people ?! spettswoode waik over to Gary and put a hand on he snoulder . just ord calle ke we be 2st eng and in ica peop f.o.n.2.y. and a computer . and a computer . ottswoode lead Gary over to fonzy 's huge wor ch show conflict and chaos as blip a action footage of small war bein spottswoode ( cont 'd ) every day we put out small fire that could very easily become very pig fire . we do everything with the world free from rism , but we cannot spottswoode { cont'd we need somebody who can go in lead we to the bad boy atl we need the best actor in we need you , Gary . gary but ... what about my friend , my family ? spottswcode if you join , we would have you death . you friend , y would ail think you die in accident ... and you could no any contact with they until you service be over . but you would be save they life , Gary , and the life the whole world ... of course , if t you be not interested , there 's door . spottswoode gesture to the decor behind Gary . sary look gary okay , thanks . Gary waik cut Gary turn mind ... Gary , I sudden . look , I can ' lead in a br I be about to get my phd in physics when I join . we make sacrif Gary , but we ail believe help world be worth it . can love '' this thing , know I exis why do you so desperately need everyone 's approval ? away drematica gary mother ( v.o. ) gary ! why didn't you save you brother ?! Gary , we world be in c you could go on a with lot of glory . or use you God give talen save the entire world . and Gary turn back to Lisa . sary trust I . i'm no good at save anybody ! I do not have what it take ! lisa spottswoode think you do . because all that matter , Gary , be what have here . gary in my shoulder ? lisa no , no , here . again she slightly miss the mark gary my neck ? lisa no , no , in you heart , Gary gary oh. lisa ' just think about it . take this . Lisa hand Gary a business card that read ' team America 's and then ' Lisa 's with a nice photo of she in the corner . lisa ( cont 'd ) fonzy have computer control of the car . he 'il take you wherever you want to go . Gary walk towards the limojet and get in . Joe walk up next to Lisa . joe what do you think spottswoode see memootal ~ WASHINGTON D.C. = dawn oo ee greenwood style countr 's hand in he pocket t ul monument . y song play Gary hink and lock : song what would you do ? if tomorrow you be ask to give up all you have for freedom ? oo oo @ rs nos eye . ct Gary 's back be to the camera as he look monument . then reverse to track in on hi song would you think about ail they people who give up everything they have ? would you think about ail they vet , and would you start to feel bed ? Gary hold a cutstretch arm to run * name on the hallow wali song ( chorus ) freedom be not free . it cost folk like you and I . and if we do not ali chip in , we will never pay that bil lobster - day Gary stand in front of american icon with = other monument . Gary be sit table -side , watch a stri the same determination and slight ned that rything else . song you know how when you go there 's always that one £. never put in what he cwe check ? po not be that guy . freedom isn't free . out we track slowly into J ade wo as the song F the pyramid loom in the distance rehin be calro . that crappy , screeching Middle play . title " cairo , africa - 3,456 mile east of america . there be a large government building , guard by a few egyptian guard . now reverse to reveal four terrorist walk up to building . the leader be muhammed bar rk muhkammed bark bark {to he comrade ) baka ala ... baka ala !!! suddenly , it be a scene right out cf 's Black Hawk down , 's the Cairo townspeople run and scream in all direc terrorist whip out gun and start shoot the : building . innocent cairo man balk ala ! with of be + wu i '' balk aderka ala ! l arcund as muhammed take out the two gu then call out to he man to invade the bu muhammed bark bark LA bark bark ! D burst into the President 's office with a chest . wounded guard presidento ! arghhh ... he cairo president watch in horror as the guard fall dead to the floor and the Al qaida terrorist charge in behing he . the President stand up with a scared look . cairo president lada ... muhammed bark bark calmly point he gun a President in the head . cairo man who will help US ?! int . 7 ay B , -__d : in a very dramatic moment , the huge hangar doer of the base open up , revealing a lone , silouhetted figure walxing in it 's Gary . he walk up to the rest of the team , who be all smile except for Chris . the team converge on Gary lisa I be really happy to see you again , Gary . gary I ... have to come back . spottswoode I know you do , son . spottsweode toss what 's this ? cttswoode you tragic death have 2 newsttand . cary I know but why the to say I rape a baby ?!?! spottswoode think . oh . well , a car a cliche . wu Gary plop down int " the metro police state that -- Gary johnston most likely have be have sex with baby all he life " ?!?! we have to make oh Jesus ! now everyone think I 'ma child molester ! sarah no , they think you be 4 molester . floln alarm ! alarm ! the team member all dash inte the lounge area . int , team america base - loung the team member run into the lounge and over large world map readout . spottswoode what have you get fonz ? floln.2.y . ( v.0 . ) I be detect terrerist acti the central sector of Cairo . CHRIS Cairo ... that 's in Africa ! f.o.n.z.¥ a small radical group of : terrorist have forcefully ken over the government in Cairo and be threaten the Muslim people . joe Jesus ... that poor Muslims . lisa we have to help they ! spottswoode hold on team , this could be just what we need Gary for . gary huh ? spottswoode if we can get Gary in with the terrorist , we might be able to find out where they funding be come from . , ( more ) ( cont 'd ) @ 0 gy a ny hy au yy ao 3 with ol ic kick in and a quick montage 2 one in the unwatchable im ' face '' " 's face be transformed . quickly cut between shot of surgery tool and laser be cick up and apply , computer graph of Gary 's face , and that of a Middle easterner 's face . Sarah wiping sweat off she forehead as she work she magic . finally , the surgery be finisn om Gary 's Pov in & be member stare pr the amazing . lisa he look just like scmeone from the Middle East . spcttswocte sit up and take a look , Gary . Gary sit up in the chair and look in the mirror . 14 once the outside be se 7 ga will get past the guar ctin a sympathetic terrorist oo wa join . ten minute . that 's all you have get , Gary , to try and find out something that will lead we to be funding this bastard . aiter that , the team go in . if ine terrorist arre cu all author good luck , team . T Cairo be depend ick yeah ! fuck yeah americ . fer freedom fucking ring all throughout the ianoi !! Joe be pilcting the ship and Chris be he . jge ( into headset ) team America one be underway . meanwhile , Lisa be sit next to Gary in the lisa you ckay ? gary I be fine ... just a little nervous . lisa first mission be always tough do great . back up in the cockpit , Chris be stare at Gary , to Joe . CHRIS what if the old man be wrong about he , huh ? what if not 's not the great actor spottswoode say he be ? then turn en run and scream a z hine kick up dust he now Sarah come out . $ frigncene , egyptian ceo sarah it's okay , muslim here to help you ! the psople all just look scared snitiess 35 the other team member disembark . jce alright , everyone government buildin hide spot and '' Chris stop Gary with tne butt cf nl gun . I be warning you , not y we on this mission and I will have no problem take you out myself . gary what be you talk spout Joe quickly wedge himself betw do ?! the war be out there ! cut a block away from the government b ry snéak up through a alley . more frighten egyp atter at the sight of Joe 's huge gun . cairo tcwnspecple aaaahghgh ! ! 1 ! joe alright , that 's the building , Gary . go see what you can find out . remember , if you think they be on to you , give we the signal . you remember the signal ? y wave he arm around goofily and iume joe ( cont 'd ) good . Gary take a deep breath and start to walk away . joe ( cont'd wait , Gary , there 's something else you should know . gary what ? joe I think Lisa like you . Gary just stare at Joe , this do not seem joe ( cont 'd ) do you like she ? gary what 's not to like . joe yeah . but she 's fragile , man . the last guy she be with die ina mission . ( more ) joe ( cont 'd ) she swore she would never love again but id think she can help the way she 's about you . I see it in eye hey ... just De careful i nervously walx amongst all the people of can ok absolutely ridiculous with he shitty rappy beard , but nobody seem to notice . past the two guard when ore of they door guard docr guard ( cont 'd ) ack a dak ! I ??! team member , hide away around var weapon , wait for something bad cause corner , ° happen . ae CHRIS oh shit ... beck at the door the guard again snap at Gary , this time poke he in the chest with he gun . door guard klak a dak ?! ?! meanwhile , spottswcode be sit in he atching this all go down on video monitor spottswoode come on Gary ... act ... you have the power ... ext . cairo build - day with one final push the guard yell at Gary . sherpa sherpa ! the guard look at each other then the ah 's spcttswoole id yeu he be top gun . Lisa and Sarah stand next to each other hold they gigantic gun aim at the pouild . do you think he would go out with I ? I totally think he know I like he . ( more ) sarah ( cont 'd ) 4 ye catcn I stare at he ali the should I do ? muhammed bark bark lak daka erk ?! lybyan terrorist uh , klaka dak -a . Gary nervously eye the piece of paper . muhammed catch he , and get in Gary 's face . muhammed bark bark baka la kala ?! that 's when the glue on Gary 's beard decide the give out , and the whole thing just drop to the flco d ak and pick t p but it be too lat up , ferro he & e ear the muhammed bark bark ( cont 'd ) kala derka dkera ! ambush . the leader run to the window and be the terrorist wave they gun about know Sarah hide in the distance with she cannon the team blamie ! over scream for they life . L Gary must stil I be go in a copy , terror terrorist's jeep = uo Gary freak out and scream in the back as the make they escape at high speed . gary oh shit !! fuck !! ext rq STREET - silence for a moment , and then - run towards the building as egyptian scat team America four burst out from four a truck / hovercraft kind and ile . song america ! Chris be inside team America it quickly morph for kind of thing , as the awe to play . song ( cont 'd ) america ! fuck yeah ! we got flying thing that change into vehicle thing ! fuck yeah ! fuckin ' right ! pt ~ near the pyram p with the terrorist speed down the street outside rica four quickly catch up and start 7 '' not realize Gary be inside . gary bagh ! stop ! stop ! missile fly past the car and blow up pyramid . CHRIS damn ! I miss ! meanwhile , in the car , Gary be fully panic . gary it be I !!! ) gary !! hold you FIRE !!! Joe look through he binocular at the jeep . binoculars Pov - we see Gary in the and wave he arm in desperatio ion . joe one of the terrorist be try to tell we something . binoculars Pov - Gary wave and scream . gary it's I !!! it be I !!!! ' diss I , gary be not in car with terrorist . gary be in car with joe oh. whoops . his act even fool we . sarah I be go after he ! cra Sarah stand up in the hover suddenly , a fly snowboard team America rour and Sarah coward the jeep . joe sarah have detached from team america four and be now in team america EIGHT . copy . Sarah fly the snowboard over the jeep and grab Gary by the back of the shirt , hoist he out of the car . with wbaaagh ! ! the driver spin the wheel , bu into the caravan , and the car cn God , Lisa - tne two embrace in a hug . Gary and Lisa realize they embrace be too long and let go of each other . CHRIS Nice go , shit head ! now we have get no lead on who 's funding they ! oh no ? Gary pull out the piece the terrorist code message from a guy ki jong Il 's just before they find I out . oh Gary , tha G 3 oo speak into he watch . joe this be Joe to spottswoode . Mission cemolish terrorist be down , d Gary | find a a man swcode , well do ! riefing and W ct to sarah " t worry , everyone ! team America xidd you country of the evil S that be plague you ! back to it 's you have besr the Cairo townspeople all grab tomato fri over cart and throw they at the team memb and wave . all except for Gary , who seem tomato hit he in the head . erica base - day close up on a tray of delicious look cockta back to show spottswoode set the cocktail coffee table in front of the team member who a in plain clothes and loung about comfortably . spcttswcode Kim jong Il be the President of North Korea . we have suspect that he be help terrorist for some time . lisa and the message Gary find ? why ? swoce that psople in caire 's know what 's good for th believe I , the rest of the with appreciate what you d ep the sound from the nearby cel and Gary turn he head to se ev e angle - television a CNN reporter 's scrolling along news repcrter today , cry of shock and outrage around the globe as the action of team America once again spark fury . Gary sit up and lean in . news peporter ( cont 'd ) all over the world grou in protest , burn a and ask why . various people a gary spottswoode do not let it bother you , Gary . think of all the people here at in America who appreciate what do . news reporter and here in America - the be perhaps even worse ! angle - television news F - as a group of with from the Film ac the street . ao mob of well know Hollywood a street . actor stop the violence ! stop th spottswoode Fucking commy . Gary watch spottswoode walk away then turn back to the television . news reporter ( .. celebrity from the Film actor Guild have show up in mass not to protest . alec saldwin be th head of the Film actor Guild , ana make this statement . now give a interview be mr . alec baldwin , the head of flag . alec baldwin lady and gentleman , we must stop '' that people in we country who want nothing but violence ! baldwin be we news piece . alec baldwin New cut to a different interview , with Mr. he name below . sean penn other nation have a right to hate we ! look what we have do to the world ! now it 's Mrs. Susan sarandon , with she name below if this coun preblem with to FRANCE ! alec baldwin the Film actor Guild be unite against this group ! I be lead the best of America 's actor into a protest move includ sucn important people as - we cut to stupid puppet version of this actor as Mr. baldwin say they name . stand on a beautiful , as dazzle star ody of that shitty play . Lisa , doesn ' some people you do ? lisa this be not a popular 's why be you so catch up in maxin everybody like you , Gary net Gary turn away . lisa cont 'o : hey ... let I in . gary I have a brother once . his name be Tommy . he be a jock , captain of little league football team and good at every sport . my varent love he ... a lot more than I ... i wa always into theater , so mom and dad think I be gay , and that Tommy be they only hope at grandchiid . on MK oo gary be day , would I do this ? ye be hand on Lisa 's and kiss . Lisa turn she head away . ju lisa Gary , no gary I be tell you I just like theater ! I be not gay lisa T believe you be not , Gary , it 's a get up and take a few dramatic lisa ( cont 'd ) I can not go through it again . it 's too much ~- to cne night be hold someone , in you arm ... and then the next day watch the blood splatter from they from convulse , bullet - riddled body . to kiss somebody one minute , and then try to scoop they intestine back into they explode stomach cavity the next . man inside you , and t inside of he try to bullet out of nis organ - cary okay , okay , I get it sot way we can ever be together ? lisa only if you promise I you would never die . gary Lisa , I can not possibly promise - hint im wh oo ty ory isa take a D away - ie wind from the window . t fall , revealing she supole , 1 song { cont 'd cont ts only a woman , babe can do the thing you do cnl can feel as soft and right as Lisa be laid down onto the bed song ( cont ' D} only @ woman can that to I - I would not be that , they two naked , sweaty puppet each other . close - up of Gary put Lisa 's breast song ( cont 'o } you be 2a woman , babe , you alright with I . with a wv over on top all I ask be ever be . that have absolutely no pla montage . Gary behind Lisa quickly get off that shot , song ( cont 'd ) and I could not care less , about any other qua-li-tyyy ... you be a woman , and that 's make you good enough for meee .... finally , the song , and the lovemake fade . Gary be on top of Lisa , look down at she pretty gary Lisa ... I have never feel this way about anybody -- with ut Lisa put a clumsy puppet finger to Gary 's lisa ssh ... Lisa 's finger do not actually quite make it y's lip , more like he leave cheek , but we all get the lisa ( cont 'd ) let 's not talk . gary I can not help it , I just feel so -- lisa shhh - again with the finger to the lip - this time more 13 the eye area . lisa ( cont 'd ) just make love to I again ... S ud again as we - with mile west of america 's , boom cown - beneath the nally settling on a huge , swim around the base , make 25 lock like " kim scng il' underwater lair ' ring cut at the ( real ) fish t of he evil base . ke be a silly hair and thick , rou a worker mill about the lair . walk in nervously . Kim jong ii kim jong IL oh , harro ! welcome to my underwawer wayer . lybian radical you what ? kim jong IL my underwawer wayer . so what go wrong in Cairo ? lybia I be sorry . team be again . a z mee i z or ae op i kim jong IL God dammit I need world chaos ! if I do not have world chaos I be never go to fufill my master pwan ! you have fail I for the last time ! lybian fadical please , I be sorry . give I another chance . jong Il now walk over to korean all look he worker . kim jong IL ( cont 'd pwepare my hoverkwaft ! we be go to go with plan h! we think no ! Cairo korean official you sure ? we fink Paris be pwan G. kim jon GOD dammit you fish too ?! hoverkwaft ! chaos !!! alarm . alapm . rember all jump up and walk over to fonzy be screen . of 't with with 3 3 be great work , say ? f.o.n.z.y . the message give the address of a theater in Beijing , China . along with a date and time . eleven o'clock . today . music sting . spottswoode oh Jesus , that must be whe jong Il want terrorist next ! sarah that poor , innocent chinese people have no idea ! lisa we have to help they ! a crowd of hundred of ch chinese acrobat onstage . the acrobat be get they frail body position as the snitty chinese traditional horrible twang and bang shit . 4 t perrrrrrrrrrrr perrrrr too ! give intc the acrobat form they the crowd go wild a as the act continue , Kim jong Il enter in the back ominous music plays as he sneak he way down the side aisle , and take a seat in one of the middie row . Kim jong Il place a suitcase with flash light down on the floor . in er the team member be back in they kick ass outfit , all seat at various station in the jet 's cockpit . drop close up on wrist watch . it be flash and we hear Lisa 's a rist id we see that -- he be make up once again , this time like a Chin make up job be just as bad as the last one ; wor cn slanty eye and fake buck tooth . joe move you head around so we can get a good look , Gary . int . B ing opera house -_d . Gary move he head , scan along the asian in the audience . int . te. erica base ~- day the team member watch the moniter sar 1 wait , go back Gary . with the image move back to the leave , and Sarah hit a button to zoom in . the team see what she see : Kim jong audience ! joe ' Holy Christ it 's Kim jong Il himself ! can not all the team membe ris Lisa . Lisa cower sligh q Lisa leck at the floor . yeu ! lisa Sarah , I do not mean for it to happen ! sarah you be such a bitch believe you ! you you slut ! + wo ~ 0 @ 3 the D ct oo oh ty with 3 of '' oo rel of ct of now come on , Sarah , that be not fair ! int . beijing - day Kim jong Il look suspiciously over at Gary , chinese soldier on they shoulder . a a nap will oe kim jong Il and t towards Gary . hello ?! int . team america six = cay joe I be always the nice guy , and so womer . never think of I as a boyfr they want bad boy why you get t n Year 's Eve ! Sarah look at Chris , incredulous . sabah you told people about that ? CHRIS oh Jesus then Gary 's voice come scream through the wey no aw ack in the theater , Gary now see Kim jong hake hand with two more important look not . gary hang on , two chinese man be he hand ! oo bn the team member all burst in they jet . neir head that y scream at the terrorist with they lisa gary ?! ?! joe be careful chinese friend ! kim jong IL be try to harm you ! chinese comedian # 1 boyn soo ma !!!! sarah you will not get away with it , Kim jena tl! several chinese look at each other . chinese man tsang oo lang sher ! chinese man # 2 Nang tsu lan tao ! the chinese military man pull out gun and start fire at team America . a i man and riddle he pedy Kim jong Il manage to escape out the back , wh block team America 's way . more chinese suddeniy emerge from the curtain on the stage with m-l16s and start to fire at the team member . watch in horror 4s Chris roll on he back and nis two pistol at two chinese man 's head . now Lisa see a chinese guy leveling he gun at Gary , prepare to shcoot -- lisa nooonoecococce :!!! Lisa dive in front of e see this and fire he huge m - 60 and mow down twenty inese , they body part fly all over the place . joe mother fucker !!! Gary crawl to Lisa and scoops she up in ais arm . she take the shot in she shoulder . lisa ry . I be okay . finally , the smoke clear and we see that only the team member be stand . a hundred dead chinese puppet lie strewn all around in pool of blood . gary my God ... what have we do ? out of breath , Joe bring he watch up to he face and talk into it . '' joe Area secure , Kim jong spottswcode ( sadly , on the wate o ; for briefing ... establish . team again , we start on a close - up of the cocktail tray as it be prought in and set on the coffee table . 2 a be member be back in casual wear and loung , exc ry , whe look shake and disturb . spottswoode ' walk in ) a be go to be okay , ¢t se God damn < ese terrorist sed she hear a inch . CHRIS well then I be glad we teach ali that terrorist a lesson ! gary excuse I . be not we be there to help the chinese from the terrorist ?! sarah I be sense that you be uneasy , Gary gary yes ! JI sign onto this team to T the world ! CHRIS hey ! I do not know what you see , shithead but that chinese be shoot at US ! gary yeah ! maybe because you all ble with you gun drawn ! we have no , business be there in the first place ! no speay pue punoze suzn2 z aze9 aut 3 '' z00d pue -~ sn suckreag = a of 3 asya aab = of ue c a ct oo b a. we 3 a > h 3 of ' I ‘op I sax oo ainoM dt thom ee Area TI buoe ihs ol aja uc = be to > oo cc a ww a oo oo U pe 2 a ' D oo oo uu of oo etteazisny sst pepesu asem sher seog des pue ue of ) he oo ww cy ) oy oo oo ber yoy { a wot ct mow wren aw ty ts uw ) dobe ' * bee cw of oo m tt os aot be eo oo heh bebe do weg go et a ol with i bi ( D bs a mio with % oat Mo 0 ) a mo rc ° : : 3 oo 5 's ao a 3 be . o wb qo. for id x 's ye = e of D vo oy ( of ] } n wu a doas of ss etl with wo mn out a the lake , eight year oid kayaxge . they be racing and Gary 's lot . gary brot come on , Gary ! Gary be a little weak , and can not keep up . I win again ! Gary 's father watch from the snore and call gary father see that , Gary ? you should play sport like you brother instead be a theater faq ! gary I be not gay , dad . tommy reep y conscious lessly watch = ary can only watch spiatter dead onto gary father why couldn't you save he gary ?! gary mother why ?! why ?! not . NI ox Gary bury he head in he hand and start that 's when he hear a familiar voice in the bar ... alec baldwin have be my honor to be a part dakota Film festi c baldwin be i : 1a th baldwin fan we wish } be President of the United States , Mr. baldwin ! everyone 4h ! that's right ! /etc . Mr. baldwin smile , then suddenly shift he eye right at Gary . he stare oddly at Gary . pwalk out the door and quickly mak but a few second later , baldwin no trot down to catch up . alec baldwin Excuse I , do not I gary no . I mean , I do not think so . Gary keep walk , but baldwin get in he well , surely , you know I . a hurr E baldwin but I be alec baldwin . the celebrity . oh yeah , sure . alec baldwin you look so familiar ... Gary very nervously hide he face . Gary G Gary the puppet ponder this statement for a this be where alec baldwin get a good look in '' gary ch , no that 's impossible . alec baldwin no , not , you look like a brcadway acto work I very much admire . ry 2 3 oo a of relax , in fact , he light up . gary you ... saw he perform ?! alec baldwin yes , he be very talented . can not help but smile . alec baldwin ( cont'd but unfortunately , he end up be shot for raping some baby . win 5 oo a gary well , he could have rape they in self defense . gary ( cont 'd ) what I mean be , thing be not what they seem . alec baldwin no ... no they certainly be not . mr...? gary uh ... paaa ... paa .. alec baldwin yes , Mr. paa paa , sometimes , we can all get catch up with wrong perception , can not we ? Gary 's watch . it very clearly have a team America logo on it . baldwin try to act like he do not notice . alec baldwin ( cont'd sometimes we can do the wrong for the right reason , Mr. paa : and then it take a very strong man to step forward , tell the truth and make thing right . ch ange a country ? . brave . man. lo become the he world ... Gary be walk down the street and drink the scotch bottle . he be waste , hearing voi gary father ( v.0 . ) Gary ! why can not you be like you brother ?! Gary be now so drunk that ai dip as he walk . he ( super : i'm not gay !! I just li Gary , what be you do ? Gary look at the folder in he hand , and t team member . he seem iike a deer in headli second , but then quickly gain he compos gary I be do something . because stand by and do nething anymo what be gary alec baldwin be right . we're the cause of terrorism ! US sarah that be not true . @ a group commit to make the world 4 berter place ! now listen , base decis -ho Gary , gary whose live ?! the life decide b the american President ?! you pecp be all just puppet with war-happ republican pull you string ! y y do not you say th call US puppet ! I be sorry , Sarah , cut team amer be a joke . worse than that , 1t monster . I be take this file the Film actor Guild . music sting . Gary , if you do that ... the actor could get the support they need to have team America shut down forever . pussy . ( sniff cc you smell like pussy . gary can we please be matur ooh make a noise . the pussy 1s gu stink like shi 2s of track in slowly on Lisa . she look from Gary , to the team . finally , Lisa step back to the team . lisa ( ery ) I can not go with you , my friend . Gary 's fate drop . spottswoode ( cont 'd} t look like I make a bring Gary the be . well team ... it i terrible mistake pussy onto the t 2 jo you would not know he would betray we , spott . 1 I do not . that cocksuc well why be asshole go ?! permanently . ris take out a pistol and violently cock it no ! no , Lisa we own ... the terr stop . sarah so there 's nothing we can do ? pottswocde sadly walk over hand on she puppet back . and Joe put he arm around she . ext . f.a.g. headquarters ~ 2s alec perth 4 ow '' oo 3 ery a bet be ) of 3 om a baldwi step d gain public . CNN we go now live by the preside Guild , alec 3aldwin . saldwin walk cneer . Mr. thank you , fri America buliyi world be over country will ob cheer and applause . Gary cheer now all the reporter in the scream out question . yes ? Mr. Johnson , do you rape shot you ? a no , listen to I - [ baby . Gary , where wine and din sex ? gary I never have have sex with a baby . reporter # 2 oh , it be multiple baby ? gary listen ! team America need I be dead , so they make up a say I be shot by police to rape a baby . reporter # 1 but you be not shot . gary no ! reporter # 3 question for Mr. baldwin ! ( more ) ° reporter # 3 ( cont 'd ) the 1 hen ake we we be and 2 however I can . public 's wish , I will serve question . reporter # 3 '' for Mr. Johnson : Gary , how hct sex with baby , on a scale from to ten ? ten be Tracy lord and one be , ooh , say , a baby ? kim jong IL ( cont 'd ) the time have come to foofill we master pwan ! pwepare the world for chaos !!! Dramatic music sting . 7 tl ir eric a ia e take cut a very sad scene as mover be ber watch quiet furniture as the team membe sn they hand . it 's like the last episode of Real World , to say goodbye . f.o.n.2z.y. team , be pick ly in as i terro growi nm watch sadly as a large open crate fi un be wheeled out . CHRIS at least we all have memory cf cur great time together ... flashback : several slo -mo shot of the team member shccting and killing various people around the world scream , bullet blood and bcdy part ' memories ' kind of music play . sarah Lisa , I be sorry I call you a whore . you know I treasure you friendship . lisa and I will always treasure yours , y y joe hey , we will all treasure each other . cau oq aod ‘aw ' moux 9 , uopp jt 3 " ren eum ** " spoom '' roz nor tt ow atm rew to oo } " 3 will 's will my of '' oo @ ao a 2 oer wet ) uo a mo ee '' = ( 2 . be a of 2 a3 ° q own '' 8 a oo wri wk or ey g be hw '' Zz with ; oro 2 " ao og e ous '' deae che ' os ' 8 T aw " " mar wr ch ke with ag mo fg of sa ps yoy ko aad e¢ wv of goa _ ae ae = 3 with as 7 2q of 5 zo es wey of of h of oo a yao oo bett orta wee nb ' ao 3 : - we ) ie oe have x £oea4 Zen bsu will a " a oo < * boo ro ee > : " of a 2 a ew hey gye oe a ! . eo hers brat web oole , m 4 '' a ~ 4 ~ mu > tee , ow wy 9 oc id ~ wt dos og bo hoy oho ty t qo i 2 oo 6 wea to of 3 ay uy be C - ~ . t oan have uw on ba ber 0 68 be ao & oo yoy 8 of dy wd wb ao ome , a ao tt cs 93 wh oo '' ro woe to o we 2 ' " I goto oot a wit. will ao. ie ] of io ) . oo ah bee on no with meat + a roo beus '' , zo ay owe oc of a the of a 53 ty : 2 of of - with I 30 3 ' a ny < 0 £ fa pe oh a " - eo gg rs < o8 ° will uu & to of 5 rh with oie ane 3 oe bae ' I mu a. do x noo ' uo tm , : a0 0 oe 00 how i ° bo ow th on in 3 '' '' D bear 2 oe : D ee 0 ' a bo e ns Bea will " a n i will worn ~ wt '' a to ' will 5 wg " ' ' ; mout '' : 2 2 . : be ryt ; , aul rarr ' ib with rarr th ' sud oo 42 . uw a oo fh oo v cs a '' to a . rai iomiss you one point and that 's a awful ist , ngton = . in . alec baldwin be surround by the other acto swear in as President . he hold up one hand a bible as he mouth the famous till look at 2 picture of with and now , now I guess what ont spottswoode be sit at the bar with a sc President baldwin speak on television . song Pearl Harbor suck -- uy aa '' Abby 's i with a on otch watch and now , all you smile - too . int . hot on tick - montag Sarah be in one of that ridiculous of dog . she look at a picture of the = song baby , ' Pearl Harbor 's miss you . art room Gary be make a clay bust with he hand . lisa be face he be sadly create . t ls obviously 4 - one week ba J c c several car be back up on the bridge , appare traffic jam they all sound they horn as vari get out of they car to see what the problem be one of the car stick on the pridge be Lisa 's . an rrid Lisa honk she horn in frustration , sea lion up ? she turn she head cutward ¢t on she face . q z= of a. of a a of oo o @ with 3 with 3 a z a oh my God . now we see what Lisa see : it 's like the shot from landing . on normandy , ex soldier be all chine twelve battle cruiser , and aircraft carrier . other people on the bridge have already take notice and be look cut at the spectacle with wonder . ancisco man of what be festival ? e Lisa look she can see asian / shie in the lead - on wim jong IL 0 oo kim song IL wical !!! lisa down !!! everybody get down !! then one of the battle cruiser launch two miss : 1e Golden Gate Bridge . a tt wo cy osion , and mediately the huge cable of the bridge free , fly rough the air and slam into car , kill uppet inside . everyone rum in norror as the bridge start to collarcse . u uppet run scream as the dam collap 's into the empty canyon . contin flood ! all the water , debris and dead puppet fly through the canyon towards the neigh more puppet run and scream , but it 's too late , catch up with , and consume they . L in title : london , europe the city look peaceful enough , with Big Ben sit majestically amongst the old building . ful until zwwwoooocm !!!! ten irish ugh the air , drop bomb . p ace ar uw onto ancther tall building and the 's S be enjoy a sunny day on a house visible in the backgrou overhead and drop a to the beac title : WASHINGTON , america sary 18 walk on the mar suddenly explode ! it fly up into the 4ir ridiculously , ' and then land on its side , kill dezen 9 en puppet be hang on for they sway back and forth . Cars roll off th nside aeild still ao b b es ay 0 not ) D a U be 2 . of will with oo 3 0 > + of th get off T with Lisa 's prophetic word , the bridge break in the center and two halve start to fall down into the water . edee the she owe ry be run down the chaotic with puppet scream and run all around he . Gary notice a bunch of puppet gather in television shop , watch television in angle - television in a CNN newsroom . CNN re reporter again we do have confirmation of massive attack in London , Jerusalem , Washington DC , and Sydney , carry out by several different force around the world . Gary can not believe it . gary my God ... ow oo a san francisco R Tom , there be mass confusicn and chaos here as thousand of asian soldier - but then , suddenly , seventeen chi rean soldier burst into the newsroom witn thei ted . chinese SOL chu chao chi tsur !!! the reporter calmly put up he rhand and ese . san francisco reporter tsang lu ma . tsang lu ma. but the chinese soldier shoot he anyway - jong Il immediately sit down and take the kim jong IL okay , and a now back a to the news . ( more ) alec balowin ea ?! Gary blink a few time gary Mr. President , wnat be you doin lec baldwin m just enjoy a drink witha some this alec baldwin no , Gary , there 's be a change of plan . a change go on be go esk , have drink with all laugh and tal so i say , Mississippi Burning make eighty million box off want sign I to do a a g wi kl th some rie 2 ant ceast be eling out top . and then US music peak as gary eye pop . alec baldwin ( cont'd 2 do not you see , Gary ? it 's time for the world to pecome one . this be the way for it to happen . susan sarandon we be go Li be go disband & gary my God ... you be insane . alec baldwin insane ?! we actor work it to make everyone in the world 11l we , but that fact that we be Americans make many not like we ! tomorrow tnere will only be a united world shareland ! nobody reason to there will it ! oh no ? a address be the act in which I convince the people to surrender they sick country . not Golden Gate 8ridge as it go , we see the scream and cling Lisa scoops the girl end . another shockwa Lisa fall to they de but Lisa just make it to the then - jo ja ! Lisa look to where deg be still on the jo jo , no : Lisa , hero that she still time to get the dog . int . B new om = narrator this be BBC world report ! a very british reporter with with he heavy accent . as the entir break out on everyon America ? cr ext ... on a English man stand in nterview . uney would a show what be ey - do es vous ?! do es jerusalem man save US , team america !!! be doom . Edinburgh clobbere way - middle of the country - day a ambulance scream down and siren blaring . title : ' route 66 - still america for now ' Gary be frantically drive while ii reporter on radio as the attack on America cont the United States President be all Americans to stand down , wait until he address tonight , all will be make clear . Gary suddenly break to a stop . ext . american countryside - route 66 Gary have come to a huge blockade , where dozen of military man block the road . ry a oo 0 of of n ion uo con't understand ! the woman love be in san francisco !!! policeman no you do not understand ! the asian commy have control west of here ! everything be completely block nee gary T abcut oregon ?! if I dri can enter san francisco . ake several step back in shock as with chaos still raining around he , ga from fainting . gary oh God .... what have I do ? drop to he knee in defeat and put '' be he sob uncontrollably . finally , he slowly z camera to look it 1s mount rushmore . 's cf the president be partiall 's , drceop and collapse . everse to see Gary 's face . a sing t no e headquarters look noth emb and ransacke . no 3 os a garble voice sound - p.o.n.z.y. johnston . gary johnston . imp - then pick up a piece of wood tc o.n.z.¥. ( cont 'd ) e team member Gary johnston be that you ? Gary finally recognize the voice . gary fonzy ? f.o.n.z.y . it be very dark , Mr. johnston . be fi dead ? Gary clear away the rubble in front of one of interface , and we see the dull red glow and 5s y le tear us@ as a weapcn . vob now can in fr fr moo ry let the distance behind Gary , a snado ame with a point gun . almost eve - battle of the : ce invade France , be over Russia ... entire seem to have go to shit if for say so , sir. on again ) computer ! reassemble the gary I know I mess but f' anything to take back just let I help !!! you have d = not we Z acdway act a imo becau z to perfor 's member th yeah do New rne , and do rust you . spottswooce right now . gary " tc be serious . look . the puppet look at each other for a gary what will that prov wa iu ow in on ye will 6 cement ? ro ot no ! -- I theught you be not gay spottswocde ' this be not : about sex , Gary ! it 's trus tf you be willing to n tnen I will know you be anything . Gary think for a very long time . cc ( super serio I would do all that ( then light ) okay , ready ? spottswoode unzip he pant to see if anybody be watchin Gary look horrify , but tear . gary this be crazy . ( zipping hmph , I guess you won to take it all back , nts T do anyth Gary ? sure nepedy be watch , Gary very slowly get on he move he nead closer ... closer ... open he mouth ... spottswoode ( cont 'd ) . f3urping back ) holy shit , you be gonna do it ! da ha hall ! fusherman' wh ! the once quaint and burn , bloody war Americans run scream in all directicn as the asian Army continue to fire on they . one american man have a bayonet drive theugh nis chest . two other be shot as they try to flee . the asian fire rpgs and throw grenade at then , with awesome , ominous force size , march down the street in lead they all , be Kim jong 71 . kim jong IL push onward ! [ want to be in knott belly farm by tomerrow ! he ( of what be once a rich , beautiful San franc : now 4 burn out wreck with two char pdupp " with a Long enough of up , I hore . ababrbach !!! calm down . army private shh ! shhh ! the army private have find the CNN reporter tell the - and claim everyone gather around CNN reporter ( cont'd the President will give a very important address to the nation tonight at eight , outline what be call a in policy . 's ina the mean military might have be of stand down , and stay on h denny' = day plain clo asant corn m member spottswcode and so , Gary have something he want to say to you all . Gary ? gary guy ... I can not tell you now sorry i be . 2 think that the world could be this x ct , Star Trek no of Earth where everyone get along . 3ut I realize now that mankind be not ready to live in that kind of world there be still ny people cut . a who need to be police . CHRIS oh for fuck 's sake ! this be not a apology it 's more lixe a emolingee ! joe yeah , i£ you want we to treasure you friendship again you have get to tell we why you sell we out . look at Gary . i 7 ke with 0 oo a ct uw zb 3 oo 02 of will oo of with N uw look at everyone , and fina Gary stand up and qgi . t 2 spottswocce cack . saral S ev 's £ 00 dd. ether . ° 's and gun . joe that 's right . without stand a chance against the entire world ! gary that be not true . music fade in . look , you gj about ship and be about pecple ! great war be not win with sn and gun they be win with passion ! think about it - do patton nave ship and gun ?! sarah yes . the music stop . Gary think . a of team member lcok at each sary now about tne scuth gary ( sit back down ) oh. really ? shit , guess we be go to need we ship and gun . joe so who have access to they ? spottswcode one person . tne United States . baidwin . spottswocde yes . sarah then we have no choice . be go to have to sterm House . gary now you be talk ! joe reo ! spcttswcode now just hang cn , tear you ; infiltrate the House will be the most difficult thing you have ever do . its defense system be state of the art it have be build to keep the 8 out . er . joe we have to risk it for Lisa . '' oe infiltrate the mest danger in the world without any of equipment in less than eigh how be we go to do it ? ry . do not worry , I know just what we need be memper be e and purchase they song today 's the day to you have get to reach L art the team member be al Chris throw Gary to that 's when to the test of time - lisrary - day Gary be at a table with a sta read ' the actor 's method 's cho as qui the team member be get b song ou need a montage ! montage ! cooh you need 4a montage ! day now Gary be hit bullsey with every shot jump up and down and cheer for tary reverse to ss they wear igment hang al at I ly black camcufiage er inem . joe never think we would be infi this place . sarah I sense a deep disturban the house know we be he to the rest of the team just icok at Sarah . spcttswocde { team , have you reach yo 's oe ( into he watcn we be here , spott . ext . somewhere on pennsylvania avenue - night a ize cream truck be dark cn the street i be watch you ass , perry . if think for cne second that you be go to betray we again I will bl you € g cock off and shove up you ass and take a pictur give it to @ magazine that yo friend £ high schcol read caption that say ' what Gary 's cock he shot¢dun with = awn - night two white house patrol guard be keep west gate . patrol guard 8 Martin sheen ! oh , look . put Martin sheen walk up to the guard and cu they shoulder . mart you boy keep yo can not let anyth . ag President from he patrol yes , Mr. Martin she Martin sheen , we iu well , we think you ' apocalypse now . 2 che guard run , they run into a third guard . patrol guard 3 ody just broke in the martin sheen gate ?! come on , men ! sheen and the other two patrol guard run the oppcositz a fake at the monitor . spottswoode not bad , kid , you just out act Martin sheen ... ext . W eat - N meanwhile , the other 2 West Gate and head for eam member all make it the White House . joe the white house's defense system be go cn line ! time to a Super cool , ' triple X ' style music start to play as the team member all pull out they gun and start shoot . kg huge turret pop out of the White House lawn , with like they belong in a Star Wars Movie and st the team . President baldwin be prepare speech . a camera and lighting baldwin sit in he importanz work on he . Mr. Sean Penn bu alec , alec baldwin Mr. President we have a huge sroblem . penn mr . presiden problem !!! lec balcwin what be it , Secretary of stat @ u @ of D v *eityj bwos suinqyse7 eq syonp uay3 '' umop '' q dun€ szsquaw wea sul puttus oo 7 ty be with qo qo nm b 2 B ct ° a a of of the n of any oo 3 a x p at oa ow ua 3 will be a oo x 0 wa dut U unowe atqtpsz 3 bua syeu '' y7ep ttsuq xz of I will hes nig - a snon = not = o ' i saweehed wy a with with ol LW St with be ui ' of ny a with ' a U 0 i : wa ae ) 5 un a a a fi oo dot De nd a of mn ts i a we cae the a oy the sou inouy se : a Chris stand and charge Gary follew . in slo mo , Chris and Gary and Ms. Tyler fly back in at. hallway Joe and Sarah run down president . danny slo . danny glover come on , Sean ! we must protect the President ! Chris and Gary chase after foe way for a button and trapping glover hit of the roon , Mr. too late , up on both side Joe and Sarah fire at the glass in fron Mr. Penn , but notn happen - except amme . joe ( throw he gun down ) . fuck ! Zenind the glass , Mr. Penn and Mr. 2 augn taniaral . , Mr. Penn hit a button and two door ihe chamber slowly open . two huge panther step out onto the house cat } Joe and saran back away with fear as the menace cat approach , lick they chop . joel oh , oh ... chris and Gary burst into tne Green to fin sarandon tie up in a chair . sarandon be susan the other actor oh thank GOD ! about to kill I ! Gary and Chris look at 2 ach Chris tur . sara but Gary sarandon ns he head sarandon ( cont s$ . sarandon dut eping mim . gary she 's ac back to Mrs. sarandon . susan sarandon I be nct ! they tie I up because for would not go along with they plan ! do not you see ? gary you skill be fade with age , Mrs. sarandon . ou shall die a pen stand up , doth hand completely surprising Chris . as she prepare type yell . susan sarandon to susan sarancon ( cont 'd ! grawwwwwllllll !!!! be too fast , he raise he gun and blow through a window just as she 's about to CHRIS ( shake ) Holy shit . I ... I could have swear she be tell the trutna . that 's why ry ey call ( head cut ) come on let 's go . hey , Gary my life . friendship . I treasure CHRIS well thanks for save I treasure you gary yours too . mh Mr. Penn and Mr. but saran sarah you captor be show you anger to the cat stop , look at Sarah , at Mr. glover and Mr. Penn . sean penn no ... Mr. Penn and Mr. glover in a instant , the cat unc it be hopeless . the cat sha the cat attack Mr. Penn and Mr apart and eat the flesh from body . Sarah turn and smile at Joe , who can not relieve al eye . my fall day in we be all over we for year of all the hate will as you President , world forever , and war aun a new age of worldwide likability Gary and Chris run out of the green room ic Joe run up . sarah there they be ! 7 's when Joe notice - nat joe jennifer aniston and 3en kingsley ! the team member all spin around and shoct and «ill the two actor , before they can fire they weapon cary what happen to Sean Penn and lanny glover ? joe they have a small the main lobby of the White House 1s empty as the team memrer make they way through . spottswocce 2s just through that a will my will 7 but it 's too late -- the lcbby light up and sound be hear the part of the floor the be stand on suddenly raise and become defense computer defense computer on line ! ( aim ) I do not ctaink so , actor martin sheen Defense computer ! use magnetic roof ! defense computer ( v.g.i defense computer magnetics act suddenly all the weapon fly out of the team nember ' hand and stick to the roof . matt camon Defense computer - kill the intruder huge turret come down from the ceiling , and point at the team , who hold onto each other joe I guess this be goodbye . my only regret be that [ ro get to nave you , Sarah oy into ... \cking suddenly , the turret all turn and point at the actor the actor 's face drop and they slowly back away . BEN affleck cefense computer ... what be you do ? f.o.n.z.y. I be not the defense computer . my - name be fonzy . BEN affleck nha - ? fire and plow ali the actor =o pblicod bath . yeah !!! gary alright ! fonz ! tow 4 EB - y the President 's speech continue to camera . the approval rating be nudging up . alec baldwin you see , there be no more America . as soon as we of disband we cou : will cease , and everyone a world will stop in peace . blam !!! the oval Office decor blow open and there sam America , look . awesome in the rise smoke . you can actor y that no be i ist to act ) for thi friend be not a game as you put it . this be life . life be beautiful and life be painful . and a fact of life be this -- the world hate America . and we must change that . the crowd of cameramen and techy look at then clap for baldwin 's eloquent speech . but Gary tax a few and begin to deliver actor 's showdown . gary a super power will never be ii everyone , baldwin . if we bell who be we , or even who we wan " become , then we do have to be to fight for it . because no how peaceful we try to be , che will always be other who want blood . people in the crowd look at cne another and fine act . the presidential approval rating drop by 2 J alec balcwin ( angrily at Gary you can not out act I , Gary . do not even try ... ( act for the camera again } for what be a nation 1 for not prepa to coexist with otner nation 's belief ? ( more ) red one anothe rand everything get silent again as on Gary and music swelis up . Gary know he have to pull off the act be eight year old the day family picnick on Lake mala agua . my brother and I be kayake . I swing my ore around ... I hit he . . we do you know wnat nave you own paren do you ? I guess ... that if I could not love I - I would the world to . sarah oh , Gary . gary that 's why I be a actor . to make up for the love I never h a child . but a great man once I - we can not base we c approval of cther . truck spottswcode that be I . int . oval ce - day gary and now I know . ( more ) G not 4c xed in as 4 2s with alowin ( cont 'd ) cameraman my God , we be go baldwin sell out we sarah you be all mind - fuck by he act . ( wave she hand ) you be release irom he spel : spottswcode ( 0.s. ) spottswooce to team come in ! Gary lift he watch . gary go ahead , spott ice - spottswcode we be run out of time ! we have get to get we snip . and gun sack and fast ! baldwin 's head and cut he 2 he eye cver to the desk , where not pass it ser readout the top drawer of the desk open , revealing important presidential thing , include a tiny , gold master lock key with ' team America 's ship and gun ' write on it . Chris hold up the very tiny dold key . the trium '' ic continue to play as we see inree giant hangar in the middie of tne desert storage hangar - america 's tne team member walk up to the massive , metal door of nangar . spottswoode take out the key and insert it into the small masterlock that hold the door together . the small key pop the small lock open and the team member can open the door to reveal - . Inside . the hangar - all of the team America ship and gun - a beautiful signt as the music climax . joe time to kick some ass . team member reo ! gary hey ... what do rfo mean , anyway ? remo aneyen not drne Inside , Lisa and the soldier be just about ccoke . all fire out of damage window , take out as many as they can ... but they just do not step come . inally , the Army private click he gun . kim jong IL cch spcoky ! night of the commy ! ryone throw down they gun and succumb to they certain have eath . femal the american soldier start to cry . Lisa hold the little girl 's head to she ocssom . lisa Close you eye , sweetie . ciose you eye . tne soldier get closer ... closer ... but that 's when a huge explosion rock the frame , and dozen of chinese go fly in various direction . chinese soldier aaaghagahgh !!! kim jong IL what the --? . zwwwwcccm !!!! Three team America ship fly through kim jong IL team amewica ?! oh no ! Sarah and Chris be in garish team America ou geggle . he cockpit of the jet , '' its . Sarah be look = tye ou ) ow a iok with 1 with 2 , uw Gary and Joe smile at each otner joe well then , let 's roll out the welcome mat to we new foreign friend . gary yeah - Gary grab nold of the joystick and a target device flic in front of he eye . welcome to America , mother fucker . he fire . asian soldier puppet come apart as they be riddled with bullet . Kim jong Il try to keep they fight . an america ating !!! sary lisa ! ~ lisa gary ! she two lover run to each other and embrace . cake a step back and smack Gary full for lisa ( cont 'd ) that 's for cause tnis whole mess shithead ! ooh ! Gary hold ais jaw , look confuse ... lisa and that be for come back for I , baby . crowd awwww ... rh ore ww . a oban of out od ac auTis cc ont 'd ) Gary , i drought some pecsole who want to say hello . seottswoode gesture over to gary parent ! who step forwar sneepishly gary we see you on we realize ... you be gay . gary no ! I be not gay ! gary father Son , we accept it . ocall cut ) my son be gay and I love he ! gary dad ! we love you tse , Gary ey did rape baby ! crowd yeah !!! cary no ! spottswoode step forward to defend Gary . rarr av io crowd sary spottswocce n you agree to put another nis in you mouth you make 3 = cannot be droken ~ gary mother Gary , even and fuck babie Wen yeal !! cheer wildly for ail of joe well team , it look like we in business . spottswoode of the world be into war ; iil yes , but the be still break each other and ing sarah then 1 we should go show '' that the police be back in of gary r.f.o .! lisa aight fuck on . but then -- swccsh ! the team amer and start shoot at all of the song America ! you bet you fc . yeah ! eri -~ GOD damn - CA ! a shot of London , with Big be all fight amongst t kill each other , until - - the team America jet fly in and shoot they missile scng wave that red and 3slue with promise of tomorrow ! the English cheer engli thank ye , team = day et ' e the opera house be the key feature that l 's we know whe we be now in - Australia - where a bloody war rage betw australian and they Indonesian invader . een but wait ! again team America £ destroy the opera house , st the day . lie in , shoot missile anc opping the fight and save oo L 2. the team America snip base and drop a bomb on Gary and Lisa kiss as they fire more missile and 4 nea shape wipe take we to black . song . am-er-i-caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa I !!!