tenet written by Christopher nolan orchestra tuning , audience settling . High official in glass - in box toast each other . Doors close ... bam - from behind the orchestra - terrorist with machine gun burst in ... the audience scream ... the terrorist cover the ordinary people - the high official be hold in the box ... int . / ext . van , plaza , downtown kiev , ukraine - day as police flood the plaza , the driver turn to the passenger driver ( in ukrainian ) - wake up the Americans . - the passenger turn to the back where four black -clad young men sit , waiting . the nearest one seem to be sleeping ... passenger hey - eye close , the young man cock he weapon , chamber a round , pop it out of the slide , catch it , open he eye - this be the protagonist ... the passenger nod , ' okay 's . the Driver look down at a variety of uniform patch ... siren . the Americans shoulder weapon , pull on helmet ... a ukrainian swat van screech to a halt outside the theatre the passenger spot its marking - toss the corresponding patch to the Americans , who slap they onto they shoulder . ukrainian swat pour out of the swat van - the Americans jump out of the back of they van , slipping unnoticed into the stream of swat pour into the lobby ... int . lobby , concert hall - continuous swat mass at each entrance ... the protagonist watch gas canister bring in to the AIR - conditioning system . the swat pull on gas mask ... int . BOX , concert hall - continuous a well -dress man sit next to a uniformed official look down into the stall - people slump , unconscious , in a wave ... he turn to the official - who motion calm , draw a sidearm ... int . theatre , concert hall - continuous a terrorist wet a rag in a drink fountain , tie it around he nose and mouth . other have workman 's respirator and face mask . they cock there weapon , prepare ... int . lobby , concert hall - continuous the swat breach - pouring into the theatre - exchange gunfire with the terrorist ... int . curving corridor - day running . fast but silent ... follow the four Americans - they hit a junction - hand signal - they split two way - follow two of they - one of they peel off up a staircase - follow the last , the protagonist - check each box ... int . BOX , concert hall —- continuous the protagonist burst in - take out the official beside the well - dress man - protagonist we live in a twilight world ... the well - dress man stare , shocked -— protagonist ( cont 'd ) we live in a twilight world ... well-dressed man ( focus ) and there be no friend at dusk . protagonist you have be make . this siege be a blind for they to vanish you . well-dressed man but I have establish contact - protagonist bring you in or kill you - I have two minute . make up you mind . the well - dress man nod , climb to he foot ... protagonist ( cont 'd ) where 's the package ? well-dressed man coat check . he hand the protagonist a numbered ticket . int . corridor , concert hall - continuous the battle between swat and terrorist rage ... swat move down the corridor , check the box one by one ... int . BOX , concert hall —- continuous the protagonist smashes the glass - check the drop to the stall , pull out a black rope , tie it to a column ... as they drop , terrorist gunfire ring out - they land - hide amongst the unconscious audience . the well - dress man take a seat , feign sleep - the protagonist roll under the seat — blam ! terrorist near the stage open fire - shot ring out - hit two sleep audience member , nearby - the well - dress man twitches - the protagonist hold he ankle - urging he to keep still - blam ! a third sleep audience member be shot - the protagonist jump up , drawing the terrorist 's fire away from the well - dress man - the protagonist race towards two real ukrainian swat who cover he from the terrorist - one of they go down . the protagonist take cover beside the real ukrainian swat - who be planting a bomb under the seat ... he gesture to the dead swat 's pack ... the protagonist unzip the bag to find a bomb , counting down in sync with the other bomb — ukrainian swat ( in ukrainian , impatient ) - what be you do ? - the ukrainian swat use he gun to prod the velcro patch on the protagonist 's shoulder . it fall off ... ukrainian swat ( cont 'd ) ( in ukrainian ) - who be you ? - the protagonist be at a loss ... bam ! the ukrainian swat be take out by another ' swat 's - ' swat 's no friend at dusk , huh ? protagonist you will do . the protagonist grab the bomb , point at the well - dress man - protagonist ( cont 'd ) ( to the ' swat 's ) get he to the rally point . the ' swat 's lead the well - dress man down a fire exit - int . lobby , concert hall —- continuous the protagonist race across the lobby , gunfire ringing out - leap over the counter into the coat - check area ... landing on the floor next to a unconscious coat- check girl . he spot another bomb - ' 4:23 's , ' 4:22 's ... the protagonist check the number on the coat-check ticket and efficiently move across numbered rack until he find a sport bag . he unzip it to find a black metallic object the size of a softball . he stuff it into he pack and scramble over the counter ... int . service corridor - continuous - the protagonist run , check number on door ... he stop at a door , throws it open , jump in low - int . utility room - continuous three ' swat 's , gun train , and the well - dress man . the protagonist throw a bomb to swat 2 , then show the object to the well - dress man - protagonist I have never see encapsulation like this . well-dressed man we do not know how old it be . it 's the real deal . protagonist do you have a out ? well-dressed man service tunnel to sewer . protagonist swap clothes . the ' swat 's and the well - dress man start change . the protagonist hand swat 3 the object - protagonist ( cont 'd ) take this , take he , take he exit . I do not trust ours any more . ( to swat 2 ) can you defuse it ? swat 2 ( shake head ) centrally synchronize . be there more ? the protagonist nod , stuff the bomb in he pack - protagonist cover they track . swat 2 take out the audience ? protagonist just the cheap seat . swat 3 not we mission - protagonist mine , now . the newly dress ' target 's step up -— ' target 's I be with you - the ukrainian be expect a passenger . int . theatre , concert hall - continuous the protagonist and the ' target 's race through the sleeping audience collecting bomb - the timer tick down - ' 1:58 's , 1:57 " . crouched at a bomb , the protagonist notice a bullet hole in the side of the chair - a tiny whiff of smoke gathering ... click - a gun be to he head - he spin around to see a swat . 0:34 's , ' 0:33 's ... the ' target 's have he own gun on the swat - a stand - off - all around they , unconscious civilian ... protagonist walk away - you do not need to kill this people . 6 . the protagonist turn back to the bomb ... ' 0:32 's , ' 0:31 's . at the bullet hole the puff of smoke thickens ... the protagonist , confuse , reach towards it ... the swat cock he weapon ... blam ! with explosive force the bullet hole disappear - a nick have appear in the protagonist 's uniform - he spin - the swat be shot through the chest and drop ... revealing a figure , also in a gas mask and tactical gear ... the figure turn - the protagonist see , on the figure 's pack , a small talisman - a coin with a hole tie to a zip by orange and yellow thread - the protagonist turn back to grab the bomb - ' target 's that be not one of we . protagonist I will take the help . the protagonist grab the last bomb : ' 0:03 's ... he look up to the box , where real swat evacuate the high official ... the protagonist lobs the bomb up into the box ... ext . plaza , downtown kiev - continuous the protagonist and ' target 's emerge - a explosion above they int . theatre , concert hall - continuous innocent civilian stir under the explosion in the box - ext . plaza , downtown kiev - continuous the van pull up - rear door open - they jump inside - int . van —- moment later the protagonist pull off he mask . breathing . the passenger turn - grab the ' target 's face , something wrong ... the protagonist turn to the Driver - who have a gun pointed at he ... black screen : scream . the protagonist 's scream . Close on he eye - flickering , sweat , pleading , defiant ... and we be - ext . rail yard - day the protagonist , tie to a chair , in a windswept rail yard . in front of he , the ' target 's , also tie to a chair , back to we . the Driver step back , sweat . bloody plier in hand . driver ( breathless ) a man can be train to hold out for about eighteen hour . the Driver gesture at a clock on a table - driver ( cont 'd ) so you colleague will clear by 7 . the Driver push the ' target 's chair over . the ' target 's land hard on he side on the gravel . groaning . driver ( cont 'd ) he do not last eighteen minute . the Driver pull out a knife . leans in to the protagonist - driver ( cont 'd ) but he do not have anything to hide . you be smuggle a nobody . the knife move towards the protagonist 's throat ... driver ( cont 'd ) risky . ... then to he collar - which he cut - driver ( cont 'd ) or be you count on this ? ..- pull out a silver capsule . the protagonist stare . driver ( cont 'd ) death , CIA issue . the Driver toss the pill , wave the plier at the clock - driver ( cont 'd ) spare yourself once they be clear . the protagonist look at the clock - ' 5:38 's . a freight train rumble past , close ... as we close in on the clock , the protagonist 's scream be drowned out by the freight train ... the Driver step back . the protagonist breathes heavy , blood dribble ... the Driver follow he gaze to the clock - 6:53 's - then check he watch . frown theatrically , pick up the clock , shake it - driver ( cont 'd ) running fast ... the Driver sets the hand back one hour . the protagonist watch , despairing ... as the Driver put the clock back the table , the protagonist notice the ' target 's finger wiggling ... in they be a silver pill ... freight train rumble past in opposite direction , sound build ... the Driver approach , bloody plier in hand protagonist we be alone . driver I do not ask . which mean we be finally get somewhere . the protagonist hurl himself onto the ' target 's hand - smashing - get the pill into he mouth - bite down - deafening train noise ... arm grab at he - hand pry he jaw as he seize , mouth foaming ... the protagonist 's eye glaze and we - CUT to : Black screen . supertitle : tenet fade in : on face the protagonist open he eye . a man stand beside he bed . swaying gently . this be fay . fay welcome to the afterlife . the protagonist lift he head and we be - int . boat at sea - day the protagonist see the steely ocean swell ... fay you have be in a medically induce coma while we get you out of Ukraine and rebuilt you mouth . protagonist the pill be fake ? fay we swap yours for a sedative . protagonist why ? fay a test . the protagonist run a finger around he mouth . realizing . protagonist test ? they pull my tooth out . fay let that dissipate . the protagonist close he eye . protagonist ( cont 'd ) do the team get clear ? fay no. private Russians , we think . protagonist somebody talk . fay not you . you choose to die instead of give up you colleague . ext . deck of the boat - later the protagonist stand in the wind , contemplate the horizon . fay ( 0.s. ) we all believe we have run into the burn building , but until we feel that heat ... we can never know . you do . protagonist I resign . fay you do not work for we - you be dead . the protagonist turn to fay , confuse . fay ( cont 'd ) you duty transcend national interest . this be about survival . protagonist whose ? fay everyone 's . there 's a cold war . cold as ice . to even know its true nature be to lose . ( more ) 10 . fay ( cont 'd ) this be knowledge divide - all I have for you be a gesture -— ( interlace he finger ) - in combination with a word - ' tenet 's . use it carefully , it will open the right door , but some of the wrong one , too . protagonist that 's all they have tell you ? fay the test you pass ? ( beat ) not everybody do . fay break eye contact with the protagonist . the boat continue to nose into the swell . ext . launch , wind farm at sea - dusk the protagonist be drive away from the boat on a launch , towards the giant white turbine of the ocean wind farm . the launch slip amongst they , seek the ladder of a particular one ... the protagonist climb the ladder to a door . he try it - it 's open . he turn to see the launch move off into the gather dark . the protagonist enter the wind turbine . int . wind turbine - continuous in the bare space , the protagonist find a sport bag , a cot , a pallet of water and protein bar . he open the sport bag to find passport , cash , credit card and a hi - viz vest . under the vest be a small black cylinder . he unscrew the top to find three silver suicide pill . the protagonist shake he head as he toss they back into the bag . int . wind turbine - later the protagonist eat , drink and exercise by climbing the endless interior ladder of the turbine . the stash of food and water shrink ... the protagonist do pull - ups at the very top of the ladder , feet dangling over the vertiginous drop ... int . wind turbine - morning the protagonist be wake by a repeat AIR horn . he pull himself off the cot , open the door to find - 11 . ext . wind turbine - continuous a large catamaran nose up to the windmill , ladder in place , maintenance crew in hi - viz vest move on and off the turbine . other boat service other turbine . the protagonist pull on he vest and climb down onto the catamaran . ext . european port - day the protagonist disembark with the rest of the wind - farm crew . as they file past a car the driver , also in hi-viz , step out into line , leave the door open , engine run . the protagonist get in . the gps be already set ... ext . office complex - later a bland suburban office park . the protagonist get out of the car , wear he hi-viz and carry a clipboard . head inside , pass numerous staff come out ... int . lobby , office complex - continuous the protagonist move through the lobby unimpeded . check the tenant listing he see - ' windfarm transition - B - 2 '. int . corridor - continuous the protagonist walk up to B - 2 . female voice ( 0.s. ) with a hi-viz vest and a clipboard , you can get almost anywhere . almost . the protagonist turn to find a brusque young woman . this be barbara . he join he hand , interlace the finger ... protagonist a pretty obscure tenet . use a key card , she usher he through a door into - int . office , laboratory - continuous Barbara hand the protagonist a cup of tea . barbara no small talk , nothing that might reveal who we be , or what we do . protagonist I think I be here to find out what we do . 12. barbara you be not here for ' what 's , you be here for ' how 's . ' what 's be you department . and not my business . protagonist well , to do what I do , I need some idea of the threat we face . Barbara consider the protagonist . sip she tea . barbara as I understand it , we be try to prevent World War Three . protagonist nuclear holocaust ? barbara no. something worse . int . shoot range - moment later Barbara hand the protagonist a semi-automatic . he reflexively check the chamber and magazine - empty . barbara aim it and pull the trigger . the protagonist shrug , lift the empty pistol , sight a target 25 m away with several hole in it ... he squeeze the trigger - bam ! - a shot . he be confuse ... barbara ( cont 'd ) check the magazine . the protagonist check the clip - there be a round in it . protagonist how ? Barbara pull on protective glove and remove the round from the clip , place it next to a identical one on a table . barbara one of this bullet be , like we , travel forward through time . the other one 's go backwards . can you tell which be which ? the protagonist shake he head . Barbara reach forward - barbara ( cont 'd ) how about now ? - 13. one of the round fly up into her hand , falling in reverse . the protagonist be take aback . Barbara hold the round towards he so he can inspect it - barbara ( cont 'd ) it 's invert - its entropy run backwards . so , to we eye , its movement be reverse . we think it 's a type of inverse radiation , trigger by nuclear fission . protagonist you do not make it ? barbara we do not know how . yet . protagonist so where have it come from ? barbara someone 's manufacturing they in the future . they be stream back at we . Barbara place the round on the table , in front of a camera . barbara ( cont 'd ) try it . he put on a glove - move he hand over it , nothing . barbara ( cont 'd ) you have to have drop it . the protagonist reach out again - it leap up into he hand . protagonist how can it move before I touch it ? she cue up the recording of what he just do - barbara from you point of view you catch it , but from the bullet 's point of view ... she play it backward -— barbara ( cont 'd ) ..- you drop it . on the screen : the round fall from he hand . protagonist but cause have to come before effect . 14 . barbara no . that 's just how we see time . she pull the round towards herself use one finger - the round follow she finger as if magnetized ... protagonist what about free will ? barbara that bullet would not have move if you have not put you hand there . either way we run the tape , you make it happen . she launch it up into she other hand - barbara ( cont 'd ) do not try to understand it . feel it . Barbara plays with the round in increasingly improbable , beautiful movement ... the round shoot away from her - the protagonist catch it ... protagonist instinct . get it . Barbara smile , swap he the round for the pistol . she then place a tray cover in shell casing beside he . the protagonist aim at the target - a shell case leap into the gun - he fire , and a bullet hole near the bullseye vanish —- protagonist ( cont 'd ) why do it feel so strange ? barbara you be not shoot the bullet , you be catch it . protagonist whoa . the protagonist examine the target - no bullet hole . protagonist ( cont 'd ) I have see this type of ammunition before . barbara in the field ? protagonist I be almost hit . 15 . barbara then you be exceedingly lucky ... the protagonist turn to she ... barbara ( cont 'd ) a invert bullet pass through you body would be devastating . the inverse radiation would spread through you body . like polonium poisoning . not pretty . the protagonist examine the round ... protagonist this look like today 's . barbara they may have be make today , then invert year from now . protagonist where do you get they ? barbara they come with the wall . I be assign it , like all the material I be study here . protagonist do you have a analysis of the metal ? barbara sure . why ? protagonist the mixture of alloy can tell I where they might have be make . look , I know you say that ' what 's be my business - barbara let 's not go off-topic . protagonist I be not see armageddon here . Barbara take the round from he , and beckon he to follow - int . archive - continuous between tall set of drawer ... 16 . barbara a bullet may not seem like much , but it 's a simple machine - lead bullet , brass case , gunpowder . if they can invert this - I see no reason they could not invert pretty much anything . even a nuclear weapon can only affect we future . a invert weapon might be able to affect we past as well . Barbara stop at a drawer . gesture around herself - barbara ( cont 'd ) now that we know what to look for , we be find more and more invert material ... she open a drawer , revealing a variety of rusted bit and piece - screws , cracked lense , metal rod , button ... barbara ( cont 'd ) ... remnant of complex object . the protagonist reach out and let a rusted buckle leap into he hand . protagonist so what do you think we be see ? barbara the detritus of a come war . the protagonist look around at the multitude of drawer . ext . crowded STREET , mumbai - day the protagonist walk out of a electronics store , open a new phone , and slip into the throng . he dial - male voice ( over phone ) yup ? protagonist we live in a twilight world . male voice ( over phone ) no friend at dusk . I be tell you would leave the building . protagonist even the dead need ally . 17 . male voice ( over phone ) specifically ? protagonist a assist in Mumbai . to get to sanjay Singh . male voice ( over phone ) Singh ? he never leave he house , and he house ... well , it 's - protagonist yes , it be - I be look right at it . above the bustling street , a high - rise house , at least twenty storey tall , with two large balcony , tower over ... male voice ( over phone ) I 'il see who 's on deck . bombay yacht Club , two hour . as the protagonist hang up , he spot a figure , on the top balcony . a woman in a sari , stand high above the city . int . bombay yacht club - evening the protagonist enter the quiet ex-colonial establishment . take a seat . a businessman sit down next to he . businessman it seem you need a introduction to a prominent Mumbai local on short notice . I be Neil . Neil offer he hand . the protagonist take it - protagonist I need a audience with sanjay Singh . neil not possible . protagonist ten minute , top . neil time be not the problem . get out alive 's the problem . ( think ) would you take a child hostage ? the protagonist shake he head . 18 . neil ( cont 'd ) a woman ? protagonist if I have to . I be not look to make much noise here . Neil keep think . signal a waiter - neil vodka tonic. ( gesture at the protagonist ) diet Coke . the protagonist stare at Neil . Neil look up , confuse . neil ( cont 'd ) what ? you never drink on the job . protagonist you be well inform . neil it pay to be in we profession . protagonist well , I prefer club soda . neil ( grin ) no , you do not . Neil rap he knuckle on the table , think . neil ( cont 'd ) how 's you parachute ? protagonist break a ankle in basic training . Singh 's house be not tall enough to parachute off of . neil ( think ) but it 's bungee-jumpable . protagonist I do not think ' bungee - jumpable 's be a word . neil it may not be a word , but it may be you only way out of that place . ( a think occur ) or into it , for that matter . 19 . ext . high - rise house - evening armed guard patrol the balcony . int . high - rise house - continuous Inside one of the magnificent room , a middle - age indian man mix drink . this be sanjay singh . ext . low rooftop next door to high - rise house - continuous Neil and the protagonist race across the roof carry a sport bag . Neil pull out a winch , the protagonist pull out a large catapult , loop it around two pipe , glance down into the walled yard at the foot of the high-rise house . Neil bolt the winch to the roof , the protagonist sight the upper balcony of the high -rise house , fire a ball with a line up and over the balcony railing ... ext . high - rise house - continuous the protagonist and Neil lie next to each other as the winch run , tensioning there elastic line ... they launch themselves , flying up to land against the side of the building - they run silently up the build , onto the upper terrace , shoot two guard with silence pistol ... int . / ext . high - rise house - continuous sanjay Singh hand a drink to the woman in the sari . they move out onto the balcony - ext . balcony - continuous the protagonist surprise sanjay , hold he at gunpoint - protagonist ( to the woman ) stay back . ( to sanjay ) I be almost take out by a very unusual type of ammunition in Ukraine . I want to know who supply it . sanjay my name 's sanjay . and you be ? ( silence ) no chit-chat ? 20 . the woman push a red button on the wall - protagonist there 's no one at the other end . no one who 's go to help you , anyway . int . security station , high -rise house - continuous a alarm buzze , the Security Guards be freeze , Neil have a gun on they , a finger to he lip ... ext . balcony , high - rise house - continuous sanjay try to turn to see the protagonist - sanjay why would I know who supply it ? the protagonist push he head back around with the gun - protagonist the combination of metal be unique to India . if it 's from India , it 's from you . sanjay a fair assumption - protagonist deduction . sanjay deduction , then . look , my friend , gun be never conducive to a productive negotiation . protagonist I be not the man they send to negotiate ... he cock he weapon - put the gun to sanjay 's head - protagonist ( cont 'd ) but I be the man people talk to . sanjay ( charm curdle ) I can not . I can not tell you . protagonist you be a arm dealer , friend - this may be the easiest trigger I have ever have to pull . woman ( 0.s. ) to say anything about a client would violate the tenet he life by ... 21 . the protagonist glance at the woman ... whose finger be casually intertwined . the protagonist bring he free hand up to hold the gun in both hand , finger interlaced ... protagonist if tenet be important to you , then you can tell I . everything . woman not while you have a gun to my husband 's head . the protagonist release he . woman ( cont 'd ) sanjay , make we a drink . int . terrace overlooking mumbai , sanjay 's house - later overlook the extraordinary bustle of the city . sanjay have leave . his wife hand the protagonist he drink - priya I be priya Singh . protagonist this be you operation ? priya a masculine front in a man 's world have its use . the dealer you be look for be andrei sator . protagonist the Russian oligarch ? priya you know he ? protagonist not personally . make he billion in gas , move to London and marry a English girl . Said to be on the out with Moscow . priya very good . except the ' gas 's he make he billion from be actually plutonium , and he 's say to be on the out so he can feed british Intelligence whatever the Russians want they to think they know . 22 . protagonist none of which explain how or why you sell he invert munition . priya when I sell he the round , they be perfectly ordinary . protagonist so how do he get they invert ? priya we believe he 's function as some kind of broker between we time and the future . protagonist he can communicate with the future ? priya we all do . credit card , email , text - anything that go into the record speak directly to the future . the question be - can the future speak back ? and , if so , what be they say ? protagonist and I be suppose to find out ? priya to get anywhere near sator would take a fresh - face protagonist ... she reach up to touch he cheek . priya ( cont 'd ) Fresh as a daisy . get close , find out what he 's receive and how . protagonist be it safe to involve british Intelligence ? priya I have a contact who 's out of sator 's reach . protagonist one of we ? priya no , he think we be chase plutonium . siren . bang ! priya look over to see police car arrive far below , in the walled yard at the foot of she house ... 23 . priya ( cont 'd ) you would better get out of here . protagonist can not you explain thing ? priya you have to start look at the world in a new way - this conflict run backwards and forward simultaneously . you name on a police report reveal you identity to the future - they pass it back to sator -— protagonist my cover 's blow before I get near he . priya you get in - you must have have a plan for get out . the protagonist pull a clip and cord from he harness - protagonist not one I love . priya watch he clip onto the balcony rail . Neil fly past , drop from the balcony above . the protagonist jump , slowing as he drop behind the wall , out of reach of the police , into a market STREET and release he harness - disappear into the crowd ... ext . member' club , london - day the protagonist walk down the busy mall , and up the step ... int . member' club , london - day the protagonist enter , be approach by a steward . steward can I help you , sir ? protagonist I be Mr crosby 's lunch . steward I presume you mean Sir Michael crosby 's lunch ? protagonist presume away . 24 . steward if you will follow I . int . lounge , member' club - continuous the protagonist be show to a table where a distinguished middle - age man be already eat . crosby . crosby start without you , hope you do not mind . protagonist i’1l catch up . ( to the steward ) same for I . steward I ' will send the waiter . protagonist no , just pass on the order . crosby smile at the protagonist 's handle of the steward . crosby I gather you have a interest ina certain Russian national . protagonist anglo-russian . so i’1ll have to watch my step . crosby indeed . he 's tapped into the intelligence service - I have warn they he 's feed they rubbish , but they do not seem to care . protagonist tell I about he . crosby I assume you be familiar with the Soviet - era secret city ? protagonist close city , not show on map , build up around sensitive industry . most of they have be open up and rename as regular town . crosby not the one sator grow up in . stalsk - 12 . ( more ) 25 . crosby ( cont 'd ) in the seventies we people estimate its population at almost 200,000 . unacknowledged to this day . think to be abandon . protagonist abandon ? crosby some kind of accident . after which we think it become a site for underground test . just two week ago , same day as the Kiev Opera siege , we satellite detect a detonation in north - west siberia , about where we think stalsk - 12 be . protagonist nuclear ? crosby Big enough to be notice . sator emerge from this blank spot on the map with a ambition that eventually lead he here , to buy he way into the british establishment . protagonist through he wife ? crosby Katherine Barton , eldest niece of Sir Frederick Barton . she work at shipley 's , meet sator at a auction . protagonist he 's into art ? crosby like a lot of wealthy criminal , he think if he cover he wall with tasteful , expensive thing it will distract from the bloodsh . judge by the lovely girl he marry , there might be something in it . protagonist happy marriage ? crosby no. practically estrange . protagonist how do I get to sator ? crosby through she , of course . 26 . protagonist you may have a inflate idea of my power of seduction . crosby hardly . we have a ace in the hole ... crosby slide a shopping bag over to the protagonist 's foot . the protagonist look inside : a small framed drawing . protagonist you be carry a goya in a harrod bag ? crosby it 's a fake , by a Spaniard name arepo . one of two we confiscate from a embezzler in bern . we hang on to this one for a rainy day - I feel the first drop when India call . protagonist what happen to the other one ? crosby a ruben . it turn up at shipley 's , where it be authenticate by Katherine Barton before go under the hammer . and who do you suppose buy it ? protagonist her husband ? do she know it 's a forgery ? crosby hard to say . rumour have it that she and arepo be close . crosby look the protagonist over - crosby ( cont 'd ) look , no offence , but this be a world where someone claim to be a billionaire get ask if they be just a dollar billionaire . protagonist and ? crosby brook Brothers will not cut it . protagonist I be assume I have a budget . 27 . crosby ( toss he a credit card ) save the world , then we will balance the book . can I recommend a tailor ? protagonist I nil manage . you british do not have a monopoly on snobbery , you know . crosby not a monopoly . more of a control interest . the protagonist rise , take the credit card and the bag . protagonist thanks for this . by the way , be she a kate or a Kathy ? crosby a kat , I believe . the waiter arrive , bear food , supervise by the steward . protagonist could you box that for I ? steward certainly not . the protagonist smile at crosby , who nod goodbye . protagonist Goodbye , Sir Michael . ext . west london private school - day mother stand at the railing wait for they kid . one of they , a smart young woman , stand a little apart from the group . schoolkid pile out of the school ... int . / ext . car - continuous the protagonist watch from across the road as the Young woman spot she son . she offer he she hand , but he reach up to take he nanny 's . she move she hand to pick something off he jumper before he be put into the back of a black range rover with tinted window . the protagonist watch the Young woman wave at the depart car carry she child . utterly alone . 28 . ext . shipley 's , london - day a bentley pull up - a doorman open the rear door , the protagonist emerge , immaculately tailored , hold a beautiful leather briefcase . int . shipley 's - continuous the protagonist be approach by a representative - representative how can I help , sir ? protagonist I have a appraisal with ms Barton . representative ( to receptionist ) tell kat she client be in the fallow room . int . appraisal room - moment later the protagonist admire the painting on the wall . the door open and the Young woman from the school gate come in , dress for business . this be kat barton . she look bemuse , but give he a genuine and friendly smile - kat I be sorry , I be not notify of any appointment , mr... protagonist goya ? kat Mr goya ? the protagonist open he briefcase ... protagonist no , I be tell you be the person to see about ... offer the draw to she ... protagonist ( cont 'd ) ..- goya . she take it , suddenly interested ... kat wow . it 's extraordinary . she lay the draw on the table and grab a loupe - she the she kat 29 . protagonist what 's it worth ? kat let 's not get ahead of ourselves . there 's a lot of work before any kind of valuation - provenance , microscopic examination , x-ray ... be bent over the table , peer through the loupe . protagonist study she reaction as he - protagonist but what do you heart tell you ? step back . something about the draw bother she ... kat I be sorry , where do you say you acquire this draw ? protagonist tomas arepo . rise and turn to face the protagonist . cold . kat what do you want ? protagonist what I want be complicated . kat do you work for my husband ? protagonist I have never meet you husband . that 's the reason I be here . be there somewhere we can talk ? kat in London ? not really . int . restaurant - night the protagonist and kat sit at a corner table . protagonist I buy my goya for cent on the dollar from a irate swiss banker . trace it to arepo , and realize I would score a bargain when he tell I who would pay top dollar for another one of he picture . you husband . 30 . kat where 's the bargain ? you draw 's a obvious fake . protagonist my draw 's a very good fake - you know that better than anyone . the information 's the bargain . kat the information that I help defraud my own husband ? protagonist he and I be in related business , but he 's a hard man to meet . if you and I be to make a arrangement - kat arrangement ? you mean blackmail . do not be afraid of the word - my husband be not . and I be sorry to tell you he get there first . protagonist he know ? and he 's never do anything about it ? kat why would he ? protagonist he pay nine million dollar - kat which would barely cover the holiday he just force we on . protagonist where have you go - Mars ? kat viet nam . on we yacht . his yacht . kat look the protagonist up and down ... kat ( cont 'd ) you have get the suit . the shoe , the watch . but I think you be a little out of you depth . protagonist ( sharp ) people who have amass fortune like you husband 's be not generally okay with be cheat out of any of it . 31 . kat sip she wine . wanting to talk . know she should not . kat the draw be he hold over I . he threaten I with the police , prison , the work . he control I , my contact with my son , everything . leave he would never have be easy , now it 's impossible . my life , now ... you can not fight . just beg . or worse . in viet nam I try to love he again . if there be still love , he might give I my son . we sit on that bloody boat and watch the sunset , imitate a earlier time . he seem happy , so I ask . and he make I a offer . to let I go if I agree to never see my son again . I express myself - insert CUT : a crystal BOWL of raspberries smashes onto the polished wood of a yacht 's deck - kat ( cont 'd ) then take Max ashore . he call we , contrite . but when we come back ... insert CUT : kat and Max on a launch - kat follow Max 's gaze to see a female figure slide into the water ... kat ( cont 'd ) I glimpse some other woman diving off the boat . and he have vanish . I have never feel such envy . protagonist you do not seem the jealous type . kat of she . you know how I dream of just diving off that boat ? of freedom ? protagonist but you share a son . kat and that 's my life . protagonist do you know the draw be a fake ? kat the authentication take month - arepo and I become close , maybe too close . maybe my judgement be cloud . I fail . ( more ) 32 . kat ( cont 'd ) but andrei can not conceive of failure , only betrayal . I do not betray my husband . in retrospect , maybe I miss my chance . protagonist and he let arepo walk free ? kat if you have actually meet arepo , as you claim , you have understand that he no longer walk anywhere . protagonist we speak on the phone - kat he can not do that , either . the protagonist consider this . protagonist where 's the draw ? kat why ? protagonist get I the introduction , I will take the draw out of the equation . no picture , no prosecution . no hold over you . kat look at the protagonist . not dare to hope . protagonist ( cont 'd ) I might just be you second chance kat ( snap ) I do not need redemption . protagonist at betrayal . a large , well -dress thug sit down at the table . he take a green bean from the protagonist 's plate and chew it vacantly . this be volkov . the protagonist look at kat - protagonist ( cont 'd ) friend of you husband ? ( she nod ) you know this would happen ? 33 . kat they will not kill you . andrei dislike tangling with local law enforcement on that level . protagonist you must really not have like the look of I . kat ( rise ) the look of you be fine . it 's better to get to the nasty part before I care one way or the other . he take she hand , pull she forward to kiss she cheek . protagonist ( whisper ) there 's a number in you leave coat pocket . do not call from home . a thug put a meaty hand on the protagonist 's shoulder . kat you will not be take my call . protagonist I might surprise you . she leave , breezing out through the kitchen ... at volkov 's nod , two thug escort the protagonist from he chair , head towards the kitchen - a waiter move to object - volkov , eat the protagonist 's leftover , pull the waiter up short , shaking he head . ext . alley behind restaurant - moment later kat exit the restaurant , distraught , walk past a wait thug , then slide into the back seat of a mercede . int . / ext . mercede - continuous the driver be a gaunt russian . kat please , let 's go . the gaunt Russian do not react , but watch through the rear-view mirror as a thug enter the kitchen - kat ( cont 'd ) can we get go ? 34 . int . restaurant kitchen - continuous the protagonist enter the kitchen , follow by the two thug . chef and busboys retreat as the other thug approach ... int . / ext . alley behind restaurant - continuous kat turn from the window - kat please ! gaunt russian he want you to see ... int . restaurant kitchen - continuous the protagonist jackknife he lower leg up into the crotch of the thug behind he - spin he into the thug next to he - pot and pan fly - int . restaurant - continuous volkov wipe sauce with bread , enjoy noise from the kitchen ... int . restaurant kitchen - continuous the third thug swing - the protagonist dodge , take the blow on the shoulder - slam he head into the third thug 's neck , leave he gasping - the protagonist grab the third thug , racing for the window ... int . / ext . mercede - continuous kat flinch as , with a crash of plate , a body tumble down the stair ... gaunt russian and he get what he want . then she see something else ... the protagonist exit . kat not always , apparently . ext . alley behind restaurant - continuous the protagonist brushes himself clean , spot the mercede , start move towards it - 35 . int . / ext . mercede - continuous the gaunt Russian scramble to get the car move . kat look back at the protagonist as the car roar away ... ext . school gate - day kat be crouch , talk to she son , max . the nanny hover - max Anna say we be go to pompeii and see lava . kat we will go together . i’1l be there , too . Max look up at the nanny . kat hug he , tight . the nanny tap kat on the shoulder . kat smile at she son , tear in she eye , as the car pull away . she pull out she phone , dial ... hear a ringtone behind she - the protagonist be there . protagonist I say I would surprise you . he 's a cute kid . kat Max . he 's everything . protagonist where 's the draw ? kat Oslo . at the airport . protagonist the airport ? insert CUT : a rotas car drive across a airport apron , and down a ramp ... kat do you know what a freeport be ? protagonist a storage facility for art that 's be acquire -— ... into a sleek facility - the oslo freeport - as a staff member stand ready to greet a new client ... 36 . kat ( v.o. ) but not yet tax . we start a network - rotas , he construction company , build they , I bring in client . the facility be tax haven ... the client be neil ... he take in the security arrangement ... protagonist ( v.o . ) the client can view they investment - ext . oslo opera house - day the protagonist be stand on the roof of the Oslo Opera House , briefing Neil ... protagonist ( v.o. ) - without import they , so they avoid pay tax . neil sort of a transit lounge for art ? we go back to kat , on the street , briefing the protagonist ... kat Art , antique , anything of value , really . protagonist anything ? kat anything legal ... then back to the protagonist briefing Neil ... protagonist but it 's not unlike the swiss banking system . opaque . back to kat - kat rotas have asset in the Oslo Freeport . I be guess it 's there . protagonist guess ? back to Oslo - neil guess ? 37 . back to kat - kat we make trip there four or five time a year . protagonist to view art ? kat and whatever he do - it turn out art be of no importance to andrei . protagonist but the freeport be . kat nod . int . freeport - day a staff member bring Neil into a luxurious gallery - staff member some freeport be just warehouse - here , you can actually enjoy you possession ... then through door into a angle inner corridor ... staff member ( cont 'd ) the structure of the vault be base on the Pentagon - each vault a separate structure within the other . damage to one structure will not compromise the other . they arrive at a door in the corridor . the staff member use he thumb to unlock a door - staff member ( cont 'd ) client have biometric access straight in off the tarmac . neil from the terminal ? staff member ( confuse ) from they private plane . neil of course . Neil check the lock as the staff member open the door into 38 . int . freeport shipping area - continuous a vast shipping area fill with shipping container - staff member we logistic department ship to and from other freeport without custom inspection ... Neil notice rotas container mark for delivery to tallinn . neil ( v.o. ) what be you hope to find ? ext . oslo opera house - day protagonist you really want to know ? neil I be not sure . protagonist bring some lead -line glove . neil jesus. nuclear ? protagonist when you be on the tour - int . freeport - day Neil be show back into one of the vault ... protagonist ( v.o. ) pay attention to the fire precaution . neil document be vulnerable to - staff member Fire . absolutely - neil I be go to say , water damage from sprinkler system . staff member we do not use sprinkler . ( point to vent ) the facility be flood with halide gas , displace all the air within second . 39 . neil can you show I ? staff member if I do , we would suffocate . neil what about the staff in here ? staff member halide only fill the vault - they just have to get into the corridor . there 's a ten-second warning . neil you only give they ten second ? staff member we client use we because we have no priority above they property . neil blimey . staff member well , sir , you ask . int . oslo airport - day the protagonist and Neil walk through the terminal . neil vault door be fireproof , hydraulic closer , simple key and electronic triggers . surprisingly easy , once there 's a lockdown . protagonist why a lockdown ? neil power switch to fail - safe , sealing outer door , but inner door revert to factory setting and pickable lock . child 's play , really . protagonist child 's play ? they be inside airport security . they have to worry about climate control , not armed raid . neil so how do we get fire power through the perimeter to trigger a lockdown ? 40 . ext . crowded airport bus , oslo airport - day the protagonist and Neil look across the tarmac to the freeport structure . neil back wall of the freeport ... the protagonist notice Neil start to smile ... protagonist you have get something ? neil you be not go to like it . ext . oslo STREET - day the protagonist look at Neil in disbelief . protagonist you want to crash a plane ? neil not from the air , do not be so dramatic . I want to run a jet off the taxiway , breach the rear wall , start a fire . protagonist how big a plane ? neil well , that part be a little dramatic . they approach a man sit on a harbour - front bench . neil ( cont 'd ) this be mahir . his team will work the plane . protagonist there can not be passenger - mahir norskfreight . they use the hangar on the west side of the freeport . protagonist you want to crash a transport plane ? what about the crew ? mahir we will pop the slide , chuck ‘em off 4l . protagonist on the move ? mahir what 's the problem ? they 'il be fine . protagonist it seem ... bold . mahir ( smile ) ' bold 's I be fine with - I think you be go to say nut . protagonist and if you get catch ? mahir we will not . protagonist if you do ? mahir everyone assume terrorism , but no one 's die . Swift extradition , then lose in the system . it ’1ll barely make the news . neil that may depend on the size of you explosion . mahir actually , the gold bar might get some play . protagonist gold bar ? neil norskfreight ship treasury gold once a month . mahir we blow the back , drop the gold out on the runway . neil no one 's go to be look at you building , I guarantee you . int . HOTEL room , oslo - day Neil take lungful of air , hyperventilate - mahir start a stopwatch . the protagonist study some plan ... 42 . protagonist the space at the centre of the pentagon 's too big ... there 's something there , not mark . Neil run out of air . mahir check he watch . neil a vault within a vault ? protagonist maybe . mahir eighty - five second . neil ample . mahir wo not you be run ? ( turn to the protagonist ) start pack . the protagonist start breathing hard ... ext . freeport - night the protagonist and Neil , carry briefcase , head inside . ext . apron , oslo airport - continuous two worker ( mahir and he associate , rohan ) back up a meal truck to a transport plane . they lift the cargo until it be level with the front side door ... int . freeport - continuous the protagonist follow Neil through security . they briefcase be examine , find framed document ... int . transport plane - continuous mahir and rohan carry crew meal through the door and into the galley , where they stack they into the catering unit , supervise by a guard ... int . gallery space / lounge , freeport - continuous the staff member bring Neil a espresso . the protagonist subtly check he watch ... 43. int . transport plane - continuous mahir point past the Guard - mahir you gonna eat that ? the Guard turn - mahir grab he from behind , rohan stuff a cotton pad over the Guard 's face , rendering he unconscious . they roll he into the catering - truck lift ... mahir pop out and signal another guard ... three guard have be dumped into the truck lift - rohan send it down , seal the plane door . mahir approach the cockpit as the pilot perform check - show they he gun ... mahir ( cont 'd ) alright , lad ? int . corridor , freeport - continuous the staff member lead Neil and the protagonist into the vault ... int . transport plane - continuous at gunpoint , the pilot nervously pull back from the hangar . rohan check the stack of gold bar secure in the rear . ext . apron , oslo airport - continuous the plane be towed back onto the taxiway and lift its engine , ease forward ... int . transport plane - continuous rohan slashes the restrain strap - crouch behind the pile of gold - pull out a grenade - grab the nearest gold bar and stuff it into he waistband before pulling the pin ... int . vault , freeport - continuous the staff member show Neil and the protagonist into a vault . Neil put down he briefcase - pull out the frame document . ext . taxiway , oslo airport - continuous the transport plane barrel down the taxiway ... 44 , int . transport plane - continuous rohan toss the grenade behind the gold at the tail of the plane and duck as it blows - ext . taxiway , oslo airport - continuous blasting a hole in the rear of the plane ... gold bar pour out , clatter across the tarmac ... int . vault , freeport - continuous hear the distant explosion , the protagonist and Neil start packing AIR ... the staff member stare at they , quizzical - neil ( between breath ) yoga . int . cockpit , transport plane - continuous mahir force the pilot from they seat - ext . taxiway , oslo airport - continuous the inflatable slide burst OPEN , dragging on the asphalt , as the pilot roll onto it , scrambling down to the ground , rolling away from the giant plane ... int . cockpit , transport plane - continuous mahir turn the stick hard left , aiming at the rear wall of the freeport -— int . transport plane - continuous rohan lower a ladder behind the forward landing gear - he and mahir climb down - ext . taxiway , oslo airport - continuous mahir and rohan jump down onto the asphalt , racing back between the wheel as the giant plane smashes into the brick wall of the freeport , erupting in a massive explosion ... int . vault , freeport - continuous the vault be rocked by the explosion - alarm scream - door start close - Neil look , panicked , at the staff member - 45 . neil ten second , right ?! the staff member bolt - pushing past they - they take a last gulp of air - gas hiss in . they pull apart the frame of the document , breaking they into lock - picking apparatus - lockpick , small crowbar - they go to work on the inner door , prying open a panel - hot - wiring it - the door slide up - int . corridor , freeport - continuous they burst into the corridor , gasping - the door slam down behind they - they hustle down to the next vault door - get to work . the door open , they gulp AIR , then race inside - int . vault 2 , freeport - continuous - round the corner past rack , crate , some broken - stop at the next door , the protagonist pick the lock - he pick break - Neil bolt back to where they enter - the protagonist struggle , pull out piece of the pick - Neil get to the first door - no handle - the protagonist use a different tool - Neil smashes the door , full - blow panic - he look to the end of the vault where the roller door be broken at the bottom , halide gas hissing out - Neil race towards it - the protagonist get he door OPEN - Neil stumble past - the protagonist drag he through the door - int . inner corridor - continuous they lie gasping . Neil hear something , look around - neil ( urgent whisper ) there 's someone in here with we ! the protagonist be up , move down the corridor ... they arrive at two door , side by side : the rotas vault . they each work on a door . Neil 's open - neil ( cont 'd ) need a hand ? the protagonist work he door ... nothing . protagonist actually , yes . Neil lean over , hit ' enter 's , the door open . 46 . int . rotas vault - continuous the protagonist enter a room , one side of which be a long glass window . Neil be on the other side of the glass , in a identical room . there be bullet hole in the glass . at the end of each room be a tube , like a seal in revolving door . the protagonist 's foot crunch broken glass ... Neil examine bullet hole in the wall opposite the glass . wisp of smoke gather near the hole - Neil reach up - protagonist do not touch they - neil what the hell happen here ? the protagonist see a stripped automatic pistol on the floor . he pick it up , think - protagonist it have not happen , yet . Neil look at the protagonist , quizzical - a loud hum start up from the revolve door ... the protagonist look down - movement beneath he foot - the debris - smoke gather - the revolve door rotate , open - a black -clad figure in a gas mask leap backward from the tube - reach behind itself to grab the stripped automatic in the protagonist 's hand - on Neil 's side a identical black -clad figure leap out forward - knock Neil over , move for the vault door - a slide jump into the backward figure 's hand - he reassembles the gun in the protagonist 's hand - a magazine jump up to load it - blam ! a bullet be sucked out of the wall - through the glass - ' healing 's the bullet hole - the protagonist struggle with the backward figure - whose reverse movement seem alien and impossible -— Neil give chase - racing out of the vault door - the backward figure pull the protagonist sideways , lining up he head with the next bullet hole - blam ! glass fly up as the shot just miss the protagonist 's head - int . corridor , freeport - continuous Neil chase the forward figure down the corridor - 47 . int . rotas vault - continuous the protagonist struggle - the backward figure push he towards the next bullet hole , strange reverse groaning building in its throat , behind the black gas mask , the groan peaking as the protagonist take he pick and stab the backward figure in the arm and smack the figure 's gun out of its hand - it bounce out the door - the figure rise into the protagonist 's arm - pull he backwards - we can not tell if it 's pushing or the protagonist be pulling as they move backwards through the door - int . corridor , vault - continuous the figure push / pull the protagonist down the corridor - int . corridor , freeport - continuous Neil race around a corner , grab the figure 's mask , which come off - he look , surprised , at the figure 's face , which we cannot see , then turn , racing back the way he come ... int . corridor , freeport - continuous the protagonist and the backward figure struggle into - int . vault 2 , freeport - continuous they smash into the rack and crate - the protagonist grab the gun - raise it to the figure 's head - neil ( 0.s. ) no ! do not kill he ! the protagonist freeze - Neil step up , desperate — neil ( cont 'd ) we need to know if you be compromise . the protagonist throws the figure to the ground - protagonist why be you here ?! the protagonist try to rip off the gas mask , but it be strapped tight - the reverse keening get louder and louder . the protagonist step onto the figure 's injure arm ... protagonist ( cont 'd ) who send you ?! 48 . the figure 's reverse scream get louder - the protagonist kick its arm , hard , again and again - protagonist ( cont 'd ) how did you know we’d be here ! a boom ! from outside - AIR start blowing across the backward figure , sucking underneath the break roller door - the backward figure slide impossibly across the floor and underneath the door which slam shut , unbroken behind he . the protagonist and Neil look at each other ... neil we have to go . ext . apron , oslo airport - continuous one of the plane 's jet engine have come loose , still thrusting , swinging around , wreak havoc for the emergency SERVICES - a ambulance skid sideways , avoid the thrust ... mahir and rohan stand at a distance , watch the mayhem along with dozen of other uniformed airport worker ... int. / ext . freeport - continuous emt race in past the staff member ... int . vault , freeport - continuous Neil move to the other door - work the lock - siren sound protagonist what happen to the other guy ? neil I take care of he . the door open - they slip into the outer vault - int . outer vault , freeport - moment later they reassemble the document frame , then lie down , ' unconscious 's - emergency SERVICES burst in ... int . HOTEL room , oslo - dawn Neil hang up he phone - 49 , neil mahir and rohan slip out clean . ( turn to the protagonist ) I have see too much and I be still alive . which mean you have decide to trust I . protagonist or I have lose my edge . neil oh , you edge be intact . the protagonist look at Neil . protagonist there 's a cold war . neil nuclear ? protagonist temporal . neil ( skeptical ) time travel ? protagonist no . Technology that can invert a object 's entropy . neil you mean reverse chronology . like feynman and wheeler 's notion that a positron be a electron move backwards in time . protagonist sure , that 's exactly what I mean . neil I have a master 's in physics . protagonist well , try to keep up . neil the implication of this be - protagonist Beyond secret . neil then why have you take I in ? 50 . protagonist I think we would find the draw and a couple box of bullet . neil you be as surprised as I be . protagonist I be go back to Mumbai for answer . i’1ll set you up as go - between . but remember - to you , all this be about plutonium . or when we be do , they 's 1l kill you . neil wo not you have to anyway ? protagonist I would rather it be my decision . neil so would I . I think . int . / ext . ferry boat , mumbai - day the protagonist board , approach priya at the rail . priya I do not like to leave my house . protagonist and I do not like bungee jump . but we need to talk . priya what about ? protagonist inversion . priya we speak about it - protagonist I do not remember anything about people be invert - priya we be try to do with inversion what we could not do with the atomic bomb - uninvent it . divide and contain the knowledge . ignorance be we ammunition - the more any one of we know , the great the risk that we be actually make the situation worse . 51 . protagonist Risk more . priya gesture at the paper . a headline : ' oslo gold freight crash - terrorism ? robbery ? both ? 's priya you work ? the protagonist nod . priya ( cont 'd ) what do you find in the vault ? protagonist two antagonist , one invert . we take out the regular one , the invert one get away . priya both emerge at the same moment ? protagonist yeah . priya they be the same person . you see someone re-inverting . sator 's build a turnstile in that vault . protagonist turnstile ? priya a machine for invert . protagonist you tell I the technology have not be invent , yet . priya it have not . he 's be give it by the future . protagonist for what ? priya you have the best chance of find out . ext . mumbai STREET - moment later they walk , bodyguard at a discreet distance . priya have you meet he ? 52 . protagonist I be close . priya get closer . protagonist I have be compromise . unless that antagonist be a coincidence . priya the wife set you up ? protagonist maybe . there 's a good chance I get kill as soon as I go back in . priya this be always a suicide mission - that 's why they recruit a corpse . protagonist who do ? who be we work for ? priya everyone . survival . you need more , consider yourself work for I . protagonist well , boss , I need a way to succeed . priya think . look at the protagonist . decide . priya what if you have something he need ? protagonist such as ? priya plutonium 241 . sator try to lift the only loose 241 from under a CIA team at the opera siege in Kiev . he get the team , but not the 241 . protagonist who do ? priya ukrainian security service . it 's move through tallinn in a week . 53. protagonist helping a arm dealer steal weapon - grade plutonium be unacceptable . I be just gonna take he out . priya no. sator have to stay alive until we know he part in thing . leverage the situation without lose control of the 241 . protagonist it 's too dangerous . priya a terrorist bomb , even one that kill million , be nothing compare with what happen if we do not stop sator . protagonist from. do . what ? priya look up the road at the car streaming past ... priya we be be attack . not by terrorist or rogue state ... protagonist who , then ? priya we be be attack by the future . and we be fight over time . protagonist time ? priya theirs be run out , so they be come for ours . and sator be help . you have to find out how . ext . terrace , amalfi coast - day the protagonist leave the tourist behind , head down a leafy path to emerge at a terrace overlook the sea . kat stand there , alone . the protagonist fall in beside she . kat I see the news from Oslo . do you have the draw ? 54 . protagonist you do not have to worry about it any more . kat you destroy it ? protagonist I do not think you have want it back . kat do he know ? protagonist not yet , so sit tight . kat sit tight ? why ? every day my son spend with that monster , he think a little less of I . protagonist it will not be long . in the meantime , introduce I . kat as what ? protagonist I be a former first Secretary from the american embassy in riyadh , we meet at a party last June - kat we be at a party in riyadh , but I do not think it be June - protagonist June 29th . 7 for 7:30 , salmon on the print menu swap for sea bass on the night . sator leave early , that 's when we meet . do not offer any of this , it 's there if he ask . I come into shipley 's in London , you run into I here and want to show I the yacht . kat he 'il think we be have a affair . protagonist and he 'il want to meet I . kat or have you kill . protagonist let I worry about that . 55 . kat do I look worried ? ext . dock , amalfi - day the protagonist and kat look out at a enormous yacht . kat sleep 70 , with crew . four tender , two helicopter , missile defence - protagonist Jesus . worried about pirate ? kat andrei love play one government off another . the day they turn , that 's he refuge . protagonist what if I join you ? she nod at volkov , hold the launch 's line . kat I be not sure volkov 's take passenger just now . protagonist then let 's take mine . the protagonist nod at volkov as they walk past . ext . harbour , amalfi - moment later the protagonist gun he boat hard , carve a glittering path across the calm harbour . kat sit , enjoy the speed . the protagonist pull up alongside the yacht , crew member scramble , unaccustom to unauthorize approach . the protagonist follow kat 's gaze to a figure above , but the sun be behind it . kat step onto the yacht . the protagonist give the figure a jaunty salute . no response . the protagonist zip back towards shore , pass the yacht 's launch . he wave at volkov . int . / ext . yacht - moment later follow kat into the enormous lounge . she drop she bag - male voice ( 0.s. ) who 's the american ? 56 . she turn . a middle - age man with cold eye and a thin beard stand in the doorway . this be sator . kat a friend . sator the man from shipley 's ? kat who you try to have beat up ? sator I ask again . who be he ? kat we meet in riyadh . in June at the american embassy . sator good with fist for a diplomat ... kat paranoia 's you department . he seem nice , I invite he to the dinner . ( turn away ) Max ?... Max ?!... sator he 's visit pompeii and herculaneum . kat overnight ? you just send he off ?! sator he 's my son . kat we son . I tell he I have go with he sator I explain you be busy . with you friend . he turn , walk away . she watch he leave . int . restaurant , amalfi coast - evening the protagonist walk towards a table where sator , hold court , attack some crab . volkov stop the protagonist and frisk he , in full view of the diner . 57 . protagonist where I be from , you buy I dinner first . without look , sator gesture at a seat , volkov let the protagonist pass . he sit . protagonist ( cont 'd ) Mr sator ? I be - sator ( quiet ) do not bother . just tell I if you have sleep with my wife , yet . the protagonist glance up at kat , opposite , chat . protagonist no . not yet . a glance from sator between buttery mouthful of crab . sator how would you like to die ? protagonist Old . sator you choose the wrong profession . sator return a toast from a grin guest . reaches a greasy palm to the protagonist 's cheek , as if in friendliness ... sator ( cont 'd ) there 's a wall garden up the road . we be go to take you there , cut you throat , not across , in the middle , like a hole . then we take you ball , stuff they in the cut , block the windpipe . protagonist complex . sator it 's gratify to watch a man you do not like try to pull he own ball out of he throat before he choke . protagonist be this how you treat all you guest ? sator the one use my family to get to I . 58 . protagonist how else be someone suppose to get to you ? sator only a fool want to be near I . protagonist or someone who have something worth delay you gratification for ... sator signal volkov - kat glance over as volkov rise - sator we be finish . protagonist do you like opera ? at this , sator pause . wave off volkov . sator not here . you sail ? protagonist I have mess around on boat . sator be on the dock at eight . ready to do more than mess around . kat , relieved , watch the protagonist leave . ext . dine room , yacht —- morning kat enter , dress in sailing gear . sator be already seat , similarly dress , read he phone , with a cup of coffee . kat Max have miss too much school this year . I be take he back to England . sator no , you be not . he have a tutor here . kat the school will not be okay with - sator yes , they will . kat can I finish ?! 59 . sator look around you - he have everything he need here . a servant place a plate with a silver cover in front of kat , then pour she coffee . kat you do not care what he need . you buy the trapping of a king , but we both know you be a grubby little man play power game with a wife who do not love he any more . sator look at she . sator you seem spirite today . kat ( defiant ) do I ? sator barely nod at the servant , who pull off the lid ... sator yes . you do . on the plate , instead of breakfast , be a small draw . a ' ruben 's . kat freeze . sator ( cont 'd ) be you worried it have be destroy ? Rest assure , instinct tell I to remove it from the vault . I have always have instinct about the future . that 's how I build this life you no longer value . kat look up at he , not know what to say or do . ext . dock , amalfi - morning the protagonist stand on the dock , dress for sailing , watch the launch approach ... protagonist Morning . as he get on , kat ignore he . sator enjoy this . ext . OPEN ocean , amalfi - moment later the protagonist try to catch kat 's eye , but she will not look he way . 60 . sator hand the protagonist a harness and a helmet ... he look at they , take aback , then look ahead - towards two graphite dark , highest tech america 's cup sailing yacht , trim and ready . protagonist ( impressed ) when you say sailing ... ext . sailing yacht deck —- moment later kat get on , follow by sator and the protagonist . the rigging crew depart . kat check the sheet and winch . sator indicate the harness . sator you know how ? protagonist aye , Captain . sator gesture at kat . sator she 's captain . ext . OPEN ocean , amalfi - later the boat fly , skimming the water on there hydrofoils ... sator and the protagonist be next to each other , stand on one pontoon , leaning out in there harness ... kat be at the wheel , concentrate ... sator what do you know about opera ? protagonist in 2008 a remote Russian missile station be overwhelm and hold for a week . when the station be retaken , the plutonium 241 on one warhead be three quarter of a kilo lighter . the miss 241 surface at the opera-house siege in Kiev on the 14th . sator you be well inform . but that do not mean you have the plutonium . protagonist I do not say I have it . I be say I know how to get it - 61 . kat ( 0.s. ) coming about ! kat swing the boat into the wind , sail flapping furiously as the wind catch it on the other side , and sator and the protagonist duck under the boom , racing to the other side , they harness snapping taut as they lean out ... sator what do you propose ? protagonist partnership . sator I would not partner with you . kat work the wheel , tracking the other boat . her look be one of bottle rage ... protagonist what 's wrong with I ? sator you know how to handle yourself , you have no record . protagonist someone in the arm trade with training who cover he track ? not that shocking . sator for a intelligence agent . sator hold the protagonist 's gaze ... kat secure you jib line . the protagonist turn - kat lean in to sator - kat ( cont 'd ) burn in hell , andrei - - and yank he quick - release - he fly off the boat , smashing head - first into the wave - the protagonist see sator face -down , unconscious - he unclip , jump to the wheel , spinning the boat off the wind - kat ( cont 'd ) you can't jibe a boat like this - ! the protagonist steer the boat across the wind , snapping the boom across , almost losing the mast — 62 . protagonist you can if you have to - he release the sheet , spilling wind , losing speed - as they pass sator he dive into the water - grab the oligarch - pull he face out of the water ... sator start coughing ... int . stateroom , sator be yacht - day the protagonist dry himself - the door open - kat burst in - kat why didn ’t you let he drown ?! she be on he , smash she fist into he chest - protagonist I need he . kat to sell gun ?! protagonist I be not who you think I be . kat that , I know - he show I the draw . protagonist I be sorry . kat do you have any idea what you have do ? protagonist I have to get close to he . I do not know what you think you husband be kat we both know he 's a arm dealer . protagonist he 's so much more . kat what , then ? protagonist andrei sator hold all we life in he hand . not just yours . she look bemuse . a knock at the door - she hide behind it 63 . volkov Mr sator want to see you . the protagonist nod - push the door - volkov stop it - volkov ( cont 'd ) now . protagonist he want to see I without pants ? volkov let the door shut . the protagonist turn to kat - protagonist ( cont 'd ) trust I . kat save it . I be not fall for it twice . the protagonist look at kat . sigh . protagonist you have a better option ? she look into the protagonist 's eye . assess . kat whatever it take to get what you want . just like he . not a second 's think about I . my son . what do you think he 's go to do to I now ? he pull a gun from he bag . offer it to she . protagonist try not to use this - she take it - let it point at he . protagonist ( cont 'd ) on anyone . int . study , sator 's yacht - evening the protagonist be show in . sator be sit behind he desk . a doctor be take he blood pressure . sator enough - sator rip the cuff off he arm , send the doctor out - check a fitness tracker on he wrist . 64 . sator ( cont 'd ) see ? pulse of a man half my age . drink with I . sator pour they both tumbler of vodka . sator ( cont 'd ) it seem I now owe you my life . protagonist it 's nothing . sator fix he black gaze on the protagonist . sator my life be not nothing . and I do not like to be in debt . protagonist then pay I . no retribution against you wife . a dangerous beat . then sator grins - sator you think she release my harness ? ( laugh ) it be my own mistake . protagonist then help I steal the 241 . I need resource . it 's weapon - grade plutonium - that mean special handle , containment facility - sator I know what it mean . you lecture I about radiation . andrei sator , digging plutonium from the rubble of my city as a teenager ? protagonist where ? sator stalsk - 12 . my home . sator sip he drink . look the protagonist in the eye . sator ( cont 'd ) one pod of a warhead explode at ground level , scatter the other . they need people to find the plutonium ... 65 . insert CUT : in a desolate STREET , snow fall on a hazmat -— suite scavenger - a young sator walking in front of a massive mining machine , carrying a giant crowbar and a geiger counter ... sator ( cont 'd ) it become my first contract - nobody else even bid . they think it be a death sentence . insert CUT : young sator spot the machine unearthing a large metal capsule . a fellow worker sees the same thing ... sator ( cont 'd ) but one man 's probability of death be another man 's possibility for a life ... insert CUT : young sator open the capsule . he lift out some paper , which have he name on they , revealing gold bar underneath . the fellow worker leans in , studying the gold . they make eye contact ... sator strike the fellow worker with he crowbar , killing he ... sator ( cont 'd ) I stake my claim in the new Russia . even now , my company be the only one to operate in the ruin . protagonist the 241 's be transport through Northern Europe on its way to the long - term nuclear storage depot at trieste . I be tell you have resource in tallinn . sator downs he vodka . sator stay with we tonight . I insist . int . kat 's stateroom , sator 's yacht - night kat slip the gun under she mattress , feel the lump - pull it out - move to the desk , put it in she jewellery case - hearing a noise she jump onto the bed , pick up a book . the door open . sator . he lock the door . kat what do you want , andrei ? sator we be go to talk about today . kat no , we be not . 66 . he remove a diamond cufflink ... sator no ? kat start to get off the bed - kat do not think for a minute you can treat I the way you treat you other woman . sator shift to lean on the desk , cut she off from the jewellery box . she sit back down . he remove he belt ... sator and how do you imagine I treat this other woman ? sator slip the cufflink through a belt hole ... sator ( cont 'd ) you think I force they into conversation ? sator test the diamond studd belt against he palm . sator ( cont 'd ) you want to be quiet ? Fine ... he toss she a pillow . sator ( cont 'd ) bite down on that ... sator move towards she - she look at the jewellery box on the desk - no way around he - sator look down at she . she look up at he cold eye ... kat even a soul as blank and brittle as yours need a response . be fear and pain enough ? because that 's all I have to offer . sator then it will have to do . kat why do not you just throw I out ? sator if I can not have you , no one can . kat at what point do you give up and kill I ? 67 . sator shrug , wrap the belt a turn around he fist ... sator turn over . kat touch I , I scream so loud he hear . sator you think I would let he interfere ? kat if he try you have have to kill he . end of deal . so leave I the fuck alone . a knock at the door . sator not now ! but he hear a rumbling ... sator , without a word , exit - ext . sator 's yacht , amalfi coast - night sator grab binocular from one of he man , peer out - a helicopter emerge from the darkness , thundering in ... int . guest stateroom , sator 's yacht - continuous the protagonist listen to the income chopper - pull on a black windbreaker - quietly open he door ... int . passage , below deck , sator 's yacht - continuous the protagonist make he way , look for a exit ... ext . sator 's yacht , amalfi coast - continuous the chopper descend to the landing pad - rotor turn as sator signal he man to head in ... ext . sator 's yacht - continuous the protagonist be on a roof overlook the helipad ... he watch sator 's man remove a large , grubby capsule and take it below as the chopper lift off ... 68 . int . storage area , sator 's yacht - continuous the protagonist make he way through the storage area . peer through a window , he see - int . engine room , sator 's yacht - continuous Crew gather around the capsule . sator enter , wipe dirt from the latch and open it . sator put he hand over the open capsule , let small , flat gold bar leap from the capsule into he hand ... he look up , expectantly ... the Crew shove a crew member forward , onto he knee ... eye downcast , he reach behind - pull a gold bar from he rear pocket . he offer it to sator with trembling hand . sator take it , eye never leave the Crew member ... who finally , tentatively look up - bam ! sator jab he in the mouth with the gold bar , then smashes he over the head - int . storage area , sator 's yacht - continuous the protagonist be repulsed by what he see ... int . engine room , sator 's yacht - continuous sator step back , breathless , from the small Crew member , who lie motionless on the ground . as sator raise he wrist to check he fitness tracker , blood drip from the gold bar in he hand . sator ninety -eight . not bad for such exertion . ext . storage area , sator 's yacht - continuous the protagonist sense , turn - crack ! volkov smashes he jaw - kick he in the rib - pistol - whip he ... int . engine room , sator 's yacht - moment later the protagonist , bleed , be shove into the room -— volkov he be at the window . sator look at the protagonist , who nod at the capsule - 69 . protagonist I be curious . sator my property should not concern you . who be you ? how do you come by you information about the opera ? protagonist do I work for intelligence service ? several , just like you . you would not do business with someone who be not savvy enough to be recruit . Hell , the CIA provide two - third of the market for fissile material . sator they be usually buy , not sell . but we do live ina twilight world ... protagonist be that Whitman ? it 's pretty . sator next warning 's a bullet in you brain . protagonist no ball in my throat ? sator there 'il be no time for such thing in tallinn . sator gesture to he man - they lift the capsule . the protagonist spot dried mud from the latch on the table ... sator ( cont 'd ) make you way there . I want volkov on the team . the protagonist struggle to he foot . protagonist no . I spring the material , you pay I off . you wife do the exchange . sator I never involve she in my business . protagonist that 's why I trust she . 70 . sator ( to volkov ) put he ashore . protagonist how do I contact you ? sator you do not . protagonist how do you advance I fund ? sator toss the protagonist the bloody gold bar - the protagonist fumble it onto the table . volkov sneer - sator handle the plutonium better than that . the protagonist , look volkov in the eye , pick up the gold bar , scoop dried mud into he hand , unseen . ext . downtown street , tallinn - day the protagonist walk the crowded street with Neil . protagonist what do you find on the gold ? neil Three hundred thousand at today 's price , no frank , mould mark . nothing . like it come from outer space . protagonist or the future . neil how ? protagonist Dead drop . he bury he time capsule , transmit the location , then dig it up to collect whatever invert material they have send . neil instantaneous . where 's he bury it ? protagonist someplace that will not be disturb for century . what do the soil sample show ? 71 . neil Northern Europe or Asia , radioactive . dried blood be european . protagonist pretty broad . neil this be the start of the run . the protagonist look back where they come . then up ahead . protagonist when do the material arrive ? neil Thursday . when do sator arrive ? protagonist I do not know . but he 'il be here . neil cargo 's in a reinforce truck . nuclear police front and back - suv with serious armour - you can not break in through the window . protagonist and they can not break out . neil I do not follow . protagonist you will . so , light convoy through downtown , what 's the think ? neil a crowded , unpredictable traffic pattern make plan a ambush almost impossible . the protagonist look around at the congestion . protagonist they have a point . be the convoy monitor from the air ? neil no , track by gps - a wrong turn or a unschedule stop , in come the cavalry . Neil and the protagonist hop a tram . the protagonist study the journey along the multi-lane road out of town . 72 . protagonist we need big gun , gun that make the point without be fire . we need a fast car that do not look fast and four heavy vehicle , all different - bus , coach , eighteen - wheeler ... Neil nod . protagonist ( cont 'd ) one of they have to be a fire truck . Neil look up , interested . protagonist ( cont 'd ) most of all , we need to set this up with nothing in the record - nothing electronic , nothing paper - I do not want sator ambush we the second we spring the material . his ignorance be we only protection . int . / ext . mercede on tallinn street - day kat sit beside sator in the back , stare out the window . sator everything salvage from Oslo 's be ship here . kat why be I here ? sator I do not trust anyone else to assess the piece . ext . freeport , dockside area , edge of tallinn - day the mercede pull into the tallinn Freeport . several bodyguard emerge , sator head inside . kat follow , look through a metal fence - a audi sit there , idling . its driver be wear a oxygen mask ... int . storage facility , tallinn freeport - moment later kat enter . sator be at a table cover in weapon . sator see , kat ? some of my favourite ... he pick up a machine gun . 73 . sator ( cont 'd ) sing but salvageable , would not you say ? she stare at the weaponry as if she 's never see anything like it before ... kat it 's not my area of expertise . sator that 's right . you have never have anything to do with such thing . but this be where we world collide . kat andrei , what be this ? sator you know perfectly well what it be , kat - the filthy business that put that clothes on you back and we boy in he school . that you think you could negotiate you way around . volkov ( in Russian , subtitle ) the convoy 's due downtown in ten . sator check he watch . nod at volkov . turn to kat. sator it 's time to go . kat I be not go anywhere with you . sator slam the machine gun back down on the table . kat flinch . sator turn , enraged ... sator look at I and understand - you do not negotiate with a tiger - you admire a tiger , until it turn on you and you feel its true . fucking . nature ! sator move towards she - kat pull out a gun . kat do not ... 74 . ext . tallinn STREET - day a large unmarked truck , with a escort front and back , make its stop and - start way through the downtown traffic . int . / ext . BMW , tallinn STREET - continuous the protagonist and Neil watch the convoy cross a intersection , then pull forward , squeezing through traffic to get ahead . Neil raise a walkie-talkie - yellow CO - pilot ( into radio ) Green ? two minute . int . / ext . GREEN truck , tallinn STREET -— continuous the GREEN driver nod at the GREEN CO - pilot who hold the radio . GREEN CO - pilot check . he put the radio down and pull out a large automatic rifle . int . / ext . BMW , tallinn STREET - continuous the protagonist check he watch - Neil speak into the radio neil yellow ? sixty second . yellow CO - pilot ( over radio ) sixty . check . neil Blue ? forty - five second . blue CO - pilot ( over radio ) forty -five . check. neil Red ? on we way to you . int . / ext . FIRE engine - continuous red driver and red co- pilot be dress as firefighter . 75 . int . / ext . BMW , tallinn STREET - continuous the BMW pull out , run behind the nuclear convoy . as the convoy pass the cross street where the green truck , a flatbed truck , be sit , it pull out beside they , settling in to the right of the convoy . int . storage facility - day sator step towards kat - kat stay right there ! she lift the gun , intent - sator you would not kill I . kat I already try . sator you push I off a boat . you be not go to shoot I in cold blood kat my blood 's not cold , andrei . sator no , but you be not angry enough . sator edge towards kat ... sator ( cont 'd ) because anger scar over into despair . I look in you eye ... he casually gesture at she - sator ( cont 'd ) I see despair . he smack the gun out of she hand - punch she - she drop sator ( cont 'd ) vengeful bitch . live off I , pretend to be better ... with a primal , animal viciousness , sator spit at kat . sator ( cont 'd ) enough ! sator kick she once , in the side . 76 . sator ( cont 'd ) you want to know when it 's better to kill you ? you will have you answer . he motion to volkov , who , with a guard , lift kat and carry she towards the door . sator put a earpiece in he ear ... sator ( cont 'd ) tell I everything as it happen . volkov nod , leave - sator walk through a large door . sator ( cont 'd ) seal we this side ! as the door shut behind he , he walk towards a red door with a SMALL porthole , find a spot in the shadow nearby ... ext . tallinn STREET - continuous the BMW watch the yellow truck , a broadcast truck , which pull out just ahead of the nuclear convoy ... the protagonist look back through the BMW 's side mirror , which be cracked ... the BMW see the blue truck , a wrecker , which pull out onto the larger street , just behind the convoy , which be now surrounded on three side by the coloured truck . int . mercede - continuous volkov follow the convoy ... volkov ( into radio ) Three truck in place ... sator ( over radio ) watch everything , give I all the detail ... int . storage facility , tallinn freeport - continuous sator sit in the shadow , listen intently ... ext . tallinn street -— continuous the BMW zip ahead , weaving through traffic , pull alongside the fire truck . 77 . the protagonist , dressed as a firefighter , jump out of the BMW and grab onto the side of the fire truck , banging the side to signal the driver . the fire truck pull out onto the three - lane highway ... int . / ext . FIRE truck - continuous the fire truck pull alongside the nuclear convoy , slotting in on the leave , so that the convoy be now surrounded ... the protagonist climb onto the roof beside the ladder , put on a pair of heavy - duty glove , pull a diagonal backpack around onto he front , check he tool . Blue co-pilot and yellow co-pilot count down in unison - blue CO - pilot ( over radio ) five , four , three , two , one , go ... Blue truck , behind the convoy , gun the accelerator , as yellow truck , in front of the convoy , slam on the brake ... the two suv be accordioned against the nuclear truck , then carried forward with the nuclear truck as the coloured truck close formation and pull forward , maintain pace — blue CO - pilot ( cont 'd ) go yellow ! the yellow CO - pilot in the broadcast truck send out static - int . / ext . security suv - continuous the security driver be try the radio - static ... int . control centre , tallinn police - continuous a police operator be frown , try the radio . he call to he supervisor - police operator ( in estonian , subtitle ) - Radio 's down . - supervisor ( in estonian , subtitle ) - be they still move ? - the Police Operator check he screen - nods ... 78 . ext . tallinn STREET - continuous tyre howling , the convoy grind forward - Blue co-pilot toss a dye pack onto the windshield of the suv - it blast across the glass , obscure the view - yellow co-pilot do the same in the front - the Guards be now blind , cannot OPEN there door or shoot out through the bullet - proof vehicle ... the protagonist climb onto the ladder , lie on top ... Inside , the Red co-pilot operate the ladder control ... the ladder swing out at ninety degree , hang the protagonist directly over the nuclear truck ... he pull a frame from he pack , unfold it - fix it to the roof . the ladder swing he away - the frame explode - he swing back through the smoke to find a open and climb into - int . nuclear transportation truck - continuous the protagonist land , get he bearing , find the safe . he reach into he pack ... ext . tallinn STREET - continuous a estonian police car pull up behind the fire truck - the policemen spot SPARKS from the drag bumper of the suv - the policeman passenger try he radio ... static ... int . nuclear transportation truck - continuous the protagonist affix a charge to the safe - he run a wire , push back into the farthest corner - blast the door open - int . / ext . FIRE engine - continuous watch the Police through he mirror , Red passenger roll down he window and prop he assault rifle on the sill ... int . nuclear transportation truck - continuous the protagonist reach into the safe ... pull out a orange plastic case ... reach up to climb through the roof ... int. / ext . FIRE truck - continuous the protagonist , orange case in hand , climb onto the ladder - Red passenger swing he rear-opening door out and shoot out the engine block of the police car which drop back as - 79 . the fire-truck ladder swing the protagonist back onto the fire truck - he climb down onto the side - the BMW pull alongside - he jump into the car , which speed away ... int. / ext . BMW , tallinn STREET - continuous Neil , drive , glance at the orange case - neil we get it ! the protagonist open the latch , flip open the lid ... revealing the black metal shape the size of a softball . protagonist I have see sample of encapsulation in every weapon class - this be not one of they . Neil look back at the protagonist . serious . neil it 's what he 's after . the protagonist look around at the surround traffic ... protagonist check the radio chatter . Neil click on the radio - emphatic gibberish ... neil I can not understand - protagonist you say you speak estonian - neil it 's not estonian , it 's ... backwards - up ahead , a audi be weaving through traffic , towards they , backward ... Neil stare ... neil ( cont 'd ) the hell ? the backward -running audi fly at they , clipping the wing mirror , ' healing 's its crack . behind they it spin around , to chase they , still run backward ... the BMW dodge around traffic , try to lose the backwards audi , which pull up to the back bumper - then alongside - in the back be sator , black eye peer over a respirator , a gun to kat 's head . she be bound and gag , eye terrified - 80 . sator roll the rear window down , hold up he hand , finger extended . he cock the gun at kat 's head then start counting down on he finger ... the protagonist look down at the black metal shape in the case ... neil ( cont 'd ) you can not give it to he ! the protagonist lift the close case , lower the window ... protagonist this be not plutonium . sator be down to two finger ... ahead of they in the road , the protagonist see a crashed , smoking , upside - down saab ... neil it 's worse , goddammit ! both car race towards the crash saab , which start shaking as they approach - as they pass , the crashed saab roll violently over and over between they until it be on its wheel , racing backward ahead of they , undamaged -— Neil regains he line , look over at sator who hold up he last finger ... the protagonist look ahead to the saab , struck by a idea ... the protagonist look at sator - then toss the orange case at he - the saab brake , cutting between the two car ... the orange case glance off its windshield , into sator 's hand ... a forward - drive mercede pull up alongside the backwards - drive audi . sator open the rear door - he and the audi driver climb backward into the mercede - leaving kat in the accelerate backward audi - the mercede drop far behind the BMW , Neil watch - neil ( cont 'd ) he 's get away ! protagonist he leave she in the car ! Neil look forward to the backwards audi , speed away - int . / ext . backward audi - continuous no one be at the wheel as the car continue to accelerate - kat lie in the back , breathe , groan , but unconscious ... 81 . int . / ext . BMW , tallinn STREET - continuous the protagonist stare ahead at the backwards audi - protagonist pull up alongside ... Neil look back at the recede mercede , follow by the backward saab ... he turn - racing to pull alongside the runaway backwards audi , the protagonist open he door ... - ahead , a logjam of traffic ... the protagonist fumble to open the audi door . protagonist ( cont 'd ) kat ! kat ! in the back , kat swing she bound leg around - - the logjam of car and bus loom closer ... the protagonist open the audi door , but he own door hit it and slam it close again ... - the logjam be dangerously close ... the protagonist open it again , kat jam it open with she foot - the protagonist climb across and push the brake with he hand ... the audi skid to a halt , the BMW zooming past ... the protagonist start to untie kat , fumble with he radio the BMW skid to a halt , Neil jump out - a car skid to a halt between the BMW and the audi - blam , blam ! Neil duck , avoid gunfire - neil ( over radio ) sit tight - I be call in the cavalry . protagonist what cavalry ?! smash !!! the protagonist and kat be thrown like rag doll across the car - the mercede have swipe the nose of the audi volkov lay down cover FIRE , pin Neil as sator 's man descend on the crashed audi and pull the protagonist out of the car - shove he around the back of the mercede . kat be pull from the wreck and put into the mercede - as they put the protagonist into the trunk , he see sator moving backward behind the line of car , from the BMW ... 82 . ext . dockside area , edge of tallinn - moment later the trunk open - the protagonist be pulled out . marched towards a entrance , he see , through a steel fence divide the yard in two , sator , in respirator , walking backward , pulling kat , forward , toward a different entrance ... the protagonist pass a stack of shipping container , several of which be mark oslo freeport ... int . storage facility , tallinn freeport - continuous the protagonist be take past the table of weapon , through a large door , and through red door with a porthole ... int . turnstile , tallinn freeport - continuous into a long chamber divide in two by a glass window - a much bigger version of the rotas vault . the Russians push the protagonist into a chair . this side be light by red light . on the other side of the glass , light by blue light , sator ' enter 's backward , ' pulling 's kat , who be now in a respirator . sator ' shove 's she hard into a chair , remove he own respirator , ' flipping 's it up onto a hook on the wall . the protagonist look into kat 's frighten eye ... between they , embed in a whirl of crack glass , be a bullet ... sator turn to meet the protagonist 's gaze - he movement have the surreal edge of backwards motion as he place he gun against kat 's head and pull out he phone ... he hold he phone up and play a recording in reverse -— sator ( via recording ) if you be not tell the truth , she die . sator move the phone to he lip , speak in reverse ... the protagonist stare at he , bemuse . protagonist I do not know what you be talk about . sator listen to this play backwards ... sator ( via recording ) you leave it in the car not the fire truck , right ? protagonist who tell you that ? 83. sator ( via recording ) tell I , now ! be it really in the BMW ? protagonist I do not know ! sator ( via recording ) tell I or I 'il shoot she again ! the protagonist look at kat , who be terrified - kat ( plead ) tell he ! - then at sator - protagonist leave she alone ! sator ( via recording ) I do not have time to negotiate . the protagonist look at the bullet hole in the glass - wisp of smoke be gather ... protagonist listen to I ! I can help you ! sator ( via recording ) Three ... protagonist do not ! kat help I ! sator ( via recording ) two ... kat please ! a faint trickle of glass dust rise to where the bullet be lodge in the window ... protagonist wait ! 84 . sator ( via recording ) one ... sator lift kat - push she up against the glass ... kat please ! protagonist no ! the smoke coalesces as bang ! the bullet rip through kat 's side on its inevitable journey to sator 's gun . kat scream - sator ( via recording ) next one 's a bullet to the head ... he hold up a finger - kat be scream - sator ( cont 'd ) ( via recording ) one ... protagonist please ! sator ( via recording ) two ... protagonist no! sator ( via recording ) Three ... protagonist okay ! okay ! the car ! the BMW ! I leave it in the BMW ! kat 's scream subside to moan as she pass out ... sator ( via recording ) we be go to check this be real . protagonist it 's in the glove box ! the door open behind the protagonist -— sator ( 0.s. ) where do you leave it ? 85 . the protagonist spin around - sator , behind he , smashes he gun into the protagonist 's cheek - this sator be forward - sator ( cont 'd ) car or truck - which one ?! sator hit he again - the protagonist fall near the glass - look up through the glass to see ' backwards 's sator , on the blue side , stare at he dispassionately ... sator ( cont 'd ) which vehicle do you leave it in ?! I need to know before I go out there ! protagonist I already tell you ! forward sator look through the window at he inverse self - then turn back to the protagonist - sator I believe you ... sator put he gun to the protagonist 's forehead - sator ( cont 'd ) ( indicate kat ) you want she here . I hope you 's 1ll be happy together - sator cock he weapon - blamblamblam ! - the double door behind the protagonist smash open - paramilitaries burst in , gun blazing - the two guard be shot - sator jump for the vault - hit a button - on the other side of the glass , inverted sator run backwards towards the other vault door - both sator jump inside and be gone -— a paramilitary sergeant enter , gun draw - paramilitary sergeant clear ! the protagonist look at the empty vault - protagonist where would he go ? paramilitary sergeant the past . 86 . int . turnstile , tallinn freeport - moment earlier sator run out of the turnstile - into the blue side of the room - on the other side he see the paramilitary ambush in reverse ... for a few second he watch he older self interrogate the protagonist , then fire up he phone , step up to the glass - the protagonist shout passionately - protagonist ( via recording ) it 's in the glove box ! sator we be go to check this be real . protagonist ( via recording ) okay ! okay ! the car ! the BMW ! I leave it in the BMW ! the sound of kat 's moaning be build and build . sator hold up one finger - sator Three ... protagonist ( via recording ) no ! add a second finger - kat be scream now - sator two ... protagonist ( via recording ) please ! and a third - sator one . next one 's a bullet to the head . kat 's scream crescendo as sator grab she and push she up against the glass , pull he trigger , ' healing 's she wound - sator ( cont 'd ) one ... protagonist ( via recording ) wait ! hold up two finger - 87 . sator two ... protagonist ( via recording ) do not ! sator hold up three finger - sator Three - protagonist ( via recording ) listen to I ! I can help you ! sator I do not have time to negotiate . the protagonist look confuse - protagonist ( via recording ) leave she alone ! sator tell I or I x11 shoot she again ! protagonist ( via recording ) I do not know ! sator tell I now ! be it really in the BMW ! protagonist ( via recording ) who tell you that ? sator you leave it in the car not the fire truck , right ? protagonist ( via recording ) I do not know what you be talk about . sator if you be not tell the truth , she die . sator grab he respirator from the hook , pull kat to she foot - drag she backwards through the door , down a corridor into a airlock , pull off she respirator , put he on ... 88 . int . turnstile , tallinn freeport - the present the protagonist look through the glass at kat - female paramilitary she 's be shot ! paramilitary sergeant get she this side ! respirator - clad Paramilitary pull kat out of the room . the paramilitary sergeant turn to the protagonist . paramilitary sergeant ( cont 'd ) be she shot with a invert round ? the protagonist nods . Neil enter - gesture to the sergeant neil this be ive . he 's one of we - the protagonist grab Neil , throws he up against the wall - protagonist we ?! who be this guy ? neil priya 's . our . the Paramilitary bring kat into the room - the medic , move swiftly , examine kat 's wound . the protagonist put he arm against neil 's throat — protagonist how do sator know about the ambush ? neil posterity . a ambush on the street can not stay out of the record - protagonist bullshit - he know every move we make ! somebody talk - be it you ?! neil no . protagonist at every stage , you have know more than you should . I be ask you one more time . do you talk ? 89 . ives ( 0.s. ) nobody talk . they be run a temporal pincer movement . ive be next to the protagonist , ready to help Neil ... protagonist a what ? ives a pincer movement . but not in space - in time . half he team move forward through the event - he monitor they , then attack from the end , move backwards . know everything . protagonist except where I stashed the plutonium . the protagonist let Neil go ... protagonist ( cont 'd ) which be not plutonium , be it ? neil I tell you - it 's what he 's after . and you just tell he where it be . protagonist I lie . Neil look at kat , bleed out on the gurney . neil Jesus . protagonist he could not verify from inside the room , he have have shot she anyway . lying be standard operate procedure . the medic step away from kat , shake he head . medic it 's spread too far . protagonist meaning what ? ives she 's go to die . neil ( to protagonist ) Standard operate procedure ? ( more ) 90 . neil ( cont 'd ) ( to ive ) can not you stabilize inverse radiation by invert the patient ? ives that take day - the protagonist point at the turnstile - protagonist let 's go . ives we take control of this machine minute ago - before that it 's sator 's . protagonist how long will she live on this side ? medic Three hour , top . the protagonist think . he look at kat , who be die . protagonist I be take she through . I be not go to let she die , I 'il take my chance out there . ives chance of what ? we have get no way to bring you back . protagonist we find another machine . ives a week ago ? where ? the protagonist look at Neil - they have the same idea - neil Oslo . ives that facility 's impregnable . it 's inside a airport security perimeter . protagonist not last week , it be not . we be go in . you might as well help . ive , shaking he head , join in . as they carry kat towards the vault door , ive point at the glass partition - 91 . ives this be the prove window ... as you approach the turnstile if you do not see yourself through the prove window , do not enter the machine . protagonist why not ? ives if you have not see yourself reverse - exit the machine , you will not be get out . okay , first in , last out . get into the turnstile , pass through - I 'il already be there with she . protagonist be that gonna work ? ive pause , watch activity on the other side of the window - ives ( point ) yeah ... the protagonist turn to see himself on the other side of the glass , moving in reverse , wheeling kat ' toward 's the vault door - ives ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! ive open the door - the protagonist take one last look at he backwards self ' enter 's the machine , then step inside we follow he in as the door shut behind he - he put he back to the wall - the machine start clanking like a mri - the door open on the other side - he step out ... to see ive struggle with kat - he move to help - Neil be already there ( first in , last out ) . the protagonist look through the glass to where he and ive now appear to be move backwards ... the medic tend to kat. medic she 's stabilize slowly . I will clean and close , the rest be time . protagonist how long do she need ? 92 . medic 4 or 5 day . a week to be sure . protagonist ( to Neil ) figure out how to get we to Oslo - I have get to get back out there - neil to do what ? protagonist to stop sator get away with the whatever it be I just give he . neil you do not - you lie about where it be . wait , you be go out there for she . protagonist he threaten to kill she in the past ... if he do , what happen to she here ? neil it 's unknowable . if you be there to make a change , you be not here to observe its effect . protagonist what do you believe ? neil what 's happen 's happen . we have to save she here and now . and if you go back out there you might hand he exactly what he 's after . protagonist do not let they take she back through - neil I will not . ives you can not stay here . neil and we do not have much time - so find we a nice cosy shipping container that just come off a ship from Oslo ... the protagonist move towards the door . ive step up - 93. ives this be cowboy shit . you have no idea what you be get into if you go through that door . protagonist well , I be go , so any tip would be welcome . ive see determination . shake he head . ives wheeler , brief he . the female paramilitary , wheeler , hand the protagonist a respirator -— wheeler you need you own air - regular air will not pass through the membrane of invert lung . the number- one rule - do not come into contact with you forward self - that 's the whole point of this barrier - wheeler bang on the prove window - wheeler ( cont 'd ) and protective suit - if any of you particle come into contact - the protagonist be put on the respirator - protagonist what ? wheeler annihilation . protagonist that 's bad , right ? the protagonist follow wheeler into a corridor line with respirator and hazard suit ... at the end be a airlock ... wheeler when you exit the airlock , take a moment to orient yourself - thing will feel strange . when you run , the wind will be at you back . if you encounter fire , ice will form on you suit , as the transfer of heat be reverse . gravity will feel normal , but appear reverse for the world around you . do not worry about thing fall , so much as rise . ( more ) 94 , wheeler ( cont 'd ) if you see a object demonstrate unprompted instability , stay clear , it may be about to leap into the air . you may experience distortion to you vision and hearing - this be normal - light wave and sound wave be propagate away from you . this should clear as you brain adjust . protagonist can I drive a car ? ives cowboy shit . ive and Neil be grab respirator ... wheeler I can not vouch for the handle , friction and wind resistance be reverse . you be invert , the world be not . you can not fight the prevaile wind of entropy . do not try fly a plane - it have fall out of the sky . once again , you be invert , the world be not - and that force will be push back on you continuously . the protagonist turn to Neil - protagonist be there a transponder on the case ? neil he will have toss the case - protagonist I be go backwards - that 's the ball I have to follow . give I the reader . Neil hand he a phone . the protagonist stick a bluetooth earpiece in he ear , pass into the airlock - wheeler shut it behind he . then open the outer door ... ext . yard , tallinn freeport - continuous the protagonist emerge into a strange world - the air feel different , the friction of he foot on the asphalt feel different . he look up at bird fly backwards ... at steam contracting ... at a pile of dust suck itself bigger ... in the yard he spot the saab ... he run over , find the key sit on the front tyre - 95 . int . / ext . saab - continuous the protagonist look in the glove box - nothing - look in the wheel well - nothing - the back seat - nothing . he give up - start the engine ... pull out , gently , feel out the strange handle of the vehicle ... int . / ext . saab , tallinn street - moment later the protagonist steer the car around backward -moving traffic and backward - walking pedestrian , marvelling ... people stare at the car as it approach , as if they already know a backwards - drive car be head they way ( which , of course , they do ) . he check the phone - a blink dot half a mile away - he gun it , fishtailing unexpectedly ... ext . highway - continuous we see the fire fight from before in reverse - Neil lay down fire from between car , kat carry ' back 's to the audi ... behind Neil , sator , moving forward , check the glove compartment of the BMW ... nothing . fuming , he head back to the mercede , ducking behind car , bullet flying ... int . / ext . saab - continuous the protagonist pull onto a busy highway where the car be facing he , but moving in he direction ... the saab race along , the only normal - look car on a road full of car speed backward ... on the phone , the flash dot be closer ... slow , the protagonist spot the orange case lie empty by the side of the road . he pull over some distance away - jump out of the car - pull out he bluetooth earpiece and wedge it between the foam pad and the orange plastic ... the protagonist head back to he car , check the signal from he phone ... peer at the case ... the case shudder to life - leap into the window of a passing car - the mercede - the protagonist peel out , dust fly up in cloud that don ’t fully blossom as expect , but contract ... the protagonist struggle with the wheel , try to keep the car on the road with its unaccustom handle ... 96 . protagonist Christ ! he can see the mercede up ahead , weaving through traffic ... ext . highway , tallinn - continuous the mercede race back up the off-ramp - the saab follow , weaving through traffic which face he , but travel backwards - as the saab get within a couple car length , he phone cut in with audio from he bluetooth bug in the mercede - sator ( over radio ) - the material 's not in the case - sound cut in and out - fragment of voice - he struggle to keep pace with the mercede - he listen hard - sator ( cont 'd ) ( over radio ) - get the other section of the algorithm to the hypocentre - - he be lie - - it be not in the BMW - inverted driver ( over radio ) so where be it ? int . / ext . saab - continuous the protagonist find a clear lane and gun the engine , tracking the mercede as it pull alongside the audi , racing ' forward 's , and sator , orange case in hand , climb from the mercede into the audi ... the audi pull alongside the BMW - the protagonist , sense the moment , lower he window ... sator lift the orange case , but he eye be elsewhere —- Inside the saab , the protagonist hear banging - the black metal shape ' unwedge 's from where it 's be stick down the side of a seat - ' bouncing 's around the interior - the saab cut between the audi and the BMW - the orange case fly out of sator 's hand - bounce off the saabs windshield , ' landing 's in the BMW - just as the black metal shape jump out of the saab and into the ( forward ) protagonist 's lower hand ... 97 . sator , seeing this , yank the wheel - clip the saab - the protagonist struggle for control - but the saab spin and roll down the highway , coming to rest on its roof . the protagonist , upside down in the car , regains consciousness ... fuel leak , pool outside the window ... he see expensive shoe approach , then sator 's face peer in at he . in he hand be a lighter . sator I see the hand -off . you make I shoot she for nothing . sator tip he lighter to read he fitness tracker ... sator ( cont 'd ) you do get my pulse above 130 . no one 's do that before . not even my wife . back away , sator drop the lighter , the fuel explode , throwing the car sideways - but instead of fully blooming , the flame contract , sparing the protagonist who lie there , freezing . he pass out . fade in : int . shipping container - later the protagonist come to on a stretcher . kat be ona stretcher next to he . Neil sit between they . the protagonist look at he hand , feel he face , confuse . neil the heat transfer be reverse - you may be the first case of hypothermia from a gasoline explosion in history . protagonist at this point , nothing surprise . the protagonist look around the shipping container . neil you leave ive and he team one hell of a clean-up . protagonist we be on we way back to Oslo ? neil in a rotas shipping container . protagonist he 's get the material , Neil . I hand it to he on a plate . 98 . neil I warn you - protagonist ' what 's happen 's happen . 's I get it , now . but it 's tough to take thing on trust from people speak half - truth . neil that 's not fair - protagonist you be part of this before we meet . be you work for priya ? neil no . protagonist who recruit you , Neil ? neil it can not possibly do you any good to know that right now . when this be over , if we be still stand and you still care , you can hear my life story , okay ? kat groans , she eye flicker open to see the protagonist . protagonist I be sorry I involved you . kat you need to tell I what 's go on . protagonist apparently , Neil here know more about it than I do . ( to Neil ) good luck , pal . neil by tell kat anything we be compromise she in priya 's eye . protagonist in priya 's eye she 's already compromise . and she have a right to know why she might die . kat I be go to die ? 99 . protagonist not if we have anything to say about it . neil and we do . kat who be you ? neil let I start with the simple stuff . every law of physics operate the same forward and backwards , except one . entropy ... the protagonist move to the back of the container , pull out he phone , check Neil 's attention be on kat ... sator ( via recording ) - bring - - final section - - directly to the hypocentre - - with the other part - - the algorithm - the recording break up . the protagonist put the phone away , flext he elbow , feel out some pain ... he roll up he sleeve - there be a dark patch of skin form - neil be you injure ? protagonist what 's the ' algorithm 's , Neil ? neil the 241 be one section of it . one out of nine . it 's a formula render into physical form so it can not be copy or communicate . a black box with one function . protagonist which be ? neil inversion . but not object or people . the world around we . kat I do not understand . neil as they invert the entropy of more and more object ... Neil hold he hand , finger spread , point at each other 100 . neil ( cont 'd ) the two direction of time be become more intertwined ... he slowly bring he finger together , into the ' Tenet 's gesture - neil ( cont 'd ) but because the environment 's entropy flow in we direction ... he push one hand back with the other - Neil nod , neil ( cont 'd ) ... we dominate . they be always swim upstream . it 's what save you life - the invert explosion be push against the environment . protagonist piss in the wind . neil but the algorithm can change the direction of that wind . it can invert the entropy of the world . kat and if that happen ? neil oh , end of play . protagonist ' end of play 's ? can you be a little more precise ? neil we present wipe out , we past obliterate . everyone and everything who ever live destroy instantly . precise enough ? kat include my son . gravely . kat wince , clearly in pain . neil let I sedate you - the more you sleep the faster you will heal . Neil inject kat in the arm . her eye close . 101 . ext . cargo ship - later Close on the hull , we see the water unsplashing at the bow and sucking underneath the stern as the ship steam majestically backwards through the cold North Sea ... int . shipping container - later banging wake the protagonist - Neil be at a peephole . neil we be on a truck . should not be too long now . int . shipping container - later Neil be awake . he look over at the protagonist , who be examine a lesion on he right arm ... neil you in pain ? protagonist must have get nick in tallinn . ( roll down sleeve ) I have be think ... we be they ancestor . if they destroy we , will not that destroy they ? neil bring we to the grandfather paradox . protagonist the what ? neil the classic think experiment - if you go back in time and kill you own grandfather , how could you have be bear to commit the act ? protagonist what 's the answer ? neil there be no answer , it 's a paradox . but in the future , that in power clearly believe that you can kick grandpa down the stair , gouge he eye and slit he throat without consequence . protagonist could they be right ? 102 . neil it do not matter . they believe it , so they be willing to destroy we . can I go back to sleep ? protagonist no . I think of something else . neil great . protagonist this reversing the flow of time ... do not we be here now mean it never happen ? that we stop they ? neil optimistically , I have say that 's right . protagonist pessimistically ? neil in a parallel - world theory , we can not know the relationship between consciousness and multiple reality . do you head hurt yet ? protagonist yes . neil try sleep . int . same - later a final thud , then stillness . the protagonist move to the peephole , unplug it and peer out : the wrecked plane , floodlit , sit outside the collapsed wall which have be seal with steel fencing . protagonist shit . they do not take we inside . neil what do we do ? protagonist we use the breach . the chaos right after impact . get ready . they both turn to look at the unconscious kat . protagonist ( cont 'd ) be she heal enough ? 103 . neil I do not know . I have never do this before . int . same - night the protagonist be at the peephole - the ground be wet . clean - up crews and investigator swarm backwards over the scene . siren start ... Water flow up onto the plane 's wing . FIRE crews ' unpack 's they equipment around the wreck ... protagonist Fire crew 's there ... the protagonist wince as he pull he arm into its sleeve ... protagonist ( cont 'd ) we get kat through the breach , I take care of sator 's man and secure the vault . then you bring she in . neil how 's the arm ? protagonist not good . the protagonist spot a hole in the fabric of he black suit - directly over the lesion on he arm .. Neil strap a respirator to the gurney - put the mask over kat 's face , then put another on himself . he give kat a sedative . protagonist ( cont 'd ) we move the second we hear the engine . Neil look at kat , unconscious on the gurney . he tightens the strap - throw a reflective blanket over she ... the siren be deafening - the protagonist flexe he arm , clearly in a lot of pain . Neil spot blood drip from the protagonist 's wrist - neil you be bleed . let I take a look suddenly they hear the build whine of jet engine . the protagonist yank up the handle , throws OPEN the door - 104 . ext . apron , oslo airport - continuous onto pandemonium - FIRE crews battle the blaze , chunks of metal on the ground ignite , shudder and leap onto the airframe ... stream of water rise up onto the plane - the protagonist hurrie backward , pulling the gurney towards the plane , steering around debris that might suddenly - a sheet of flaming metal spin off the ground , shearing into they , knocking the gurney - they duck , holding on to the gurney , the metal fly into the air , slam into its hole on the side of the plane ... the protagonist spot a line under the fuselage , between flame , towards the breach ... protagonist come on ! Neil look up as black smoke gather , forming a massive cloud over the plane ... a SHOCK wave start to build in the air around they - the protagonist pull kat and Neil under the fuselage as curtain of FIRE start gathering around the wing , centre on a half - destroyed jet engine — they pass through the hole in the wall licked at by flame which leave frost on there clothes -— as they clear into the building , debris in front of they start shaking - they duck as the massive build of ENERGY climaxe in a cacophonous reverse explosion as the jet engine reassembles - loosely attached to the wing , thrusting - int . / ext . freeport shipping area - continuous the protagonist draw he gun - turn to Neil - protagonist I be go in . wait here . the protagonist turn , rush up onto the load dock - the loose jet engine , under full thrust , attached to the wing , swing back and forth , wreak reverse havoc ... the protagonist pause , listening - he can hear backward voice on the other side of a roller door - the loose jet engine turn , blasting AIR at the protagonist with its inverted thrust - the protagonist be smashed through the bottom of the roller door - 105 . int . vault , freeport —- continuous into himself and neil , dressed as businessmen as in there earlier visit to the rotas vault - the protagonist ( wear black clothes and gas mask ) tackle the earlier protagonist ( wear business suit ) , the earlier protagonist throws the protagonist onto the ground , get he gun - shout at he incomprehensibly - kicking he injured arm again and again - the protagonist scream ... the earlier protagonist put he gun to the protagonist 's head ... earlier neil grab he arm , restraining he ... the protagonist and earlier protagonist struggle , rolling across the floor with the unique physics of forward action merge with backwards action ... they struggle through the blue door of the rotas vault . the protagonist get he gun - the earlier protagonist stab he in the arm with he lockpick - ' healing 's he wound - energiZing he - he flip the earlier protagonist up against the glass , lift he gun - shoot past the earlier protagonist 's head , put a bullet hole through the glass - glancing at the OPEN turnstile door , the protagonist fire again , force the earlier protagonist toward the door ... he look through the prove window - no one there ... protagonist come on , come on ... the protagonist fire again and again , force the earlier protagonist closer and closer to the open turnstile ... the earlier protagonist take hold of the gun - the barrel come around onto the protagonist who instinctively eject the magazine , remove the slide , toss it aside , leave the earlier protagonist with a useless stripped automatic - earlier Neil race backwards into the other half of the room - through the bullet - riddled glass the protagonist see himself ( gas mask , black clothes ) run backward into the room the protagonist leap into the turnstile - we follow the protagonist through the machine - bursting out on the other side - straight into earlier Neil , who now move forward as the protagonist push past - as the confrontation on the other side of the glass play out again , forward ... the protagonist race for the red door , Neil in pursuit - 106 . int . vault corridor - continuous the protagonist run , pursue by earlier Neil , skid around the corner of the vault corridor - earlier Neil get a hand on the protagonist 's gas mask and yank - it come off in he hand ... this time we see that Neil be look at the unmasked protagonist . Neil , surprised , turn and bolt back the way he come - the protagonist watch he go , then turn - int . vault corridor - continuous the protagonist race down the angle corridor - the protagonist skid through the doorway lead out of the corridor and into the smoke -filled cargo area where he leave ... int . vault 2 , freeport - continuous Neil race up to the earlier protagonist , grab he arm - neil no ! do not kill he ! int . / ext . freeport shipping area - continuous ...- Neil ( respirator on ) guard kat , strapped to the gurney . behind they , the fire crew battle the blaze plane . Neil be already look up at the protagonist who point right - the protagonist duck through the breach , into the chaos ... Neil move backward towards the outside ... ext . breach - continuous the protagonist run through the smoke and flame , dodging debris falling from the plane ... head towards the emergency SERVICES ... the protagonist creep along the side of a ambulance ... the ambulance driver spot he in the mirror - the protagonist dart in , hitting the driver in the face - int . vault corridor - continuous Neil ( move forward ) duck back behind the corner as earlier protagonist ( business suit ) and earlier Neil ( business suit ) walk backwards away from the rotas vault . Neil push kat towards the break roller door and push she inside ... 107 . ext . apron , oslo airport - moment later the protagonist swerve the ambulance , try to get close to the breach - the protagonist spin the ambulance around as close to the breach as possible . he jump out - open the back - peer into the smoke and water ... wait ... Neil emerge , push the gurney with kat on - int . / ext . ambulance - moment later the protagonist drive , siren blaring . protagonist you know it be I come out of that vault . why do not you say ? neil that 's a lot of explain when someone 's about to put a bullet in they own brain . protagonist but afterwards - neil with thing the same , I know you have be okay . what 's happen happen . if I would tell you and you act differently ... who know ? the policy be to suppress . protagonist whose policy ? Neil grins , offer he hand - neil our , my friend . we be the people save the world from what might have be ... int . / ext . parked ambulance - night Neil and the protagonist be in the back , check on kat ... whose eye OPEN . protagonist kat ? kat I be here . Neil check the dress on she wound - 108 . neil be quite a scar , but you be okay . we do it . kat do what ? andrei 's get the algorithm . you do not know where he be - Neil look at the protagonist - neil or when . protagonist get priya here to Oslo . neil why ? protagonist if I do not do something now , in two day she ’1ll tell I about the 241 . neil nothing can change that . protagonist we will see . just get she here . ext . oslo war memorial - day the protagonist make he way through the crowd , follow a elegantly dress lady ... priya . he take she by the arm , away from the crowd ... protagonist hello , priya . priya what 's go on ? where 's Neil ? protagonist nursing Katherine Barton . who almost die because of you . priya what do I do ? protagonist it 's what you be go to do . in two day you be go to have I dangle plutonium 241 in front of the world 's most dangerous arm dealer ... I want to know why . 109 . priya you let he get hold of 241 ? protagonist no . I let he get hold of the algorithm . priya look at the protagonist , surprised he know the term . protagonist ( cont 'd ) tell I about it , priya . priya it 's unique . the scientist who build it take she own life so she could not be force to make another . protagonist a scientist in the future ? priya generation from now . protagonist why do she have to kill herself ? priya you be familiar with the Manhattan Project ? as they approach the first atomic test , oppenheimer become concerned the detonation might produce a chain reaction , engulf the world . protagonist they go ahead anyway , and get lucky . priya think of we scientist as she generation 's oppenheimer - she devise a method for invert the world , but become convinced that by destroy we , they destroy themselves . protagonist the grandfather paradox . priya unlike oppenheimer , she rebel , split the algorithm into nine section and hide they the best place she can think of ... protagonist the past . here. now. 110 . priya there be nine nuclear power . nine bomb . nine set of the most closely guard material in the history of the world . the best hide place possible . protagonist nuclear containment facility . priya sator 's lifelong mission , finance and guide by the future , have be to find and reassemble the algorithm . protagonist why do they choose he ? priya the necessary combination of greed and ambition . but mostly , he be in the right place at the right time . protagonist the collapse of the Soviet Union . priya the most insecure moment in the history of nuclear weapon . protagonist and there he be . how many of the section do he have ? priya after the 241 ? all nine . protagonist Christ . and that 's why you be go to do it differently this time . priya to change thing ? so Katherine will not get hurt ? protagonist so sator will not get the algorithm . priya if that universe can exist , we do not live in it . protagonist let 's try . you be go to warn I . 111 . priya no. I be not . ignorance be we ammunition . if you have know what the algorithm be , would you have let it fall into sator 's hand ? protagonist you want he to get the last section ? priya it 's the only way he will bring together the other eight . protagonist I be suppose to steal it , then lose it ? priya ( smile ) Mission accomplish . protagonist you use I . priya as you use Katherine . Standard operate procedure . you have do you part . protagonist my part ? I be the protagonist of this operation - priya you be a protagonist . ( off look ) what ? you think you be the only person capable of save the world ? protagonist no . but I be . because I have not tell you where he 's assemble the algorithm , or when . priya you be about to . protagonist no , I be not . so deal we in . priya why would you involve she again ? protagonist she can get close to he . 112. priya do he still trust she ? protagonist he think she 's dead . but he use to . priya you have start look at the world in a new way . protagonist and now it 's you turn . assume she make it out alive , whether or not you feel she know too much ... priya I can not . protagonist if you do not have the authority , talk to whoever 's in charge of loose end . I need you word that she and she son will be safe . priya ( frustrated ) what good be someone 's word in we line of business ? the protagonist just look at she . she nods . priya ( cont 'd ) they will be safe . there 's a rally point offshore at trondheim . get yourselves up there ... ext . wind farm , norway - day chinook cross backward through white turbine . service boat pull people off ladder . a large icebreaker sit nearby ext . icebreaker , barent sea —- continuous the protagonist , in respirator , do pull - ups on deck , the movement ' shaking 's snow back up onto the pipe ... priya ( v.o. ) ive have a team ready to invert . CUT back to the protagonist in oslo -— 113 . protagonist you have a turnstile ? the exact technology we be try to suppress ? ext . icebreaker - day the protagonist watch a chinook long - line a container ... priya ( v.o. ) Fighting fire with fire be a treacherous business , but there be people in the future who need we to continue the algorithm 's journey into the past . you see ... take a look at the sea churning backward into the stern as the invert ship ' progress 's , he head below deck ... CUT back to priya in oslo - priya ... Tenet be not found in the past - it will be found in the future . int . hold , icebreaker - continuous come out of a airlock , he remove he respirator . walk past wheeler drilling tenet soldier - non-inverted soldier in respirator SPAR with invert soldier . Neil be amongst troops practise ' lifting 's weapon from the floor . int . cabin , icebreaker - continuous the protagonist enter . kat sit at a window . kat I can not get over the bird ... the protagonist follow she look to a bird fly backwards . protagonist how be you feel ? she lift she shirt to reveal a large , jagged , angry scar . kat tell I you be go to kill he . protagonist I can not . Neil enter without interrupt . kat rise . steady . 114 . kat why not ? I think you have probably kill a lot of people - neil not with a dead man 's switch . kat a what ? protagonist that fitness tracker he wear ... kat he 's obsessive about he health . neil it will be link to a switch . probably a simple email burst , revealing the location of the dead drop , set to fire if he heart stop . protagonist in effect , he death activate the algorithm . he die , the world end - no one dare kill he . kat realize ... kat no , you have miss the point . he 's intend to end he life . protagonist why ? kat he 's die . inoperable pancreatic cancer . protagonist and he 's take the world with he . kat if he can not have she , no one can . protagonist what ? kat something he say , once . he have a child , for God 's sake . neil kat , he get to choose the time and place for the end of the world . what moment ? what do he choose ? 115 . protagonist you tell I about a holiday , where you let he feel love ... kat viet nam . on we yacht . his yacht . protagonist you say he vanish - what day ? kat I go ashore with Max , he fly off . I do not know what date it be ... neil the 14th . ten day ago . he be in Ukraine , steal a section of the algorithm from a american team . protagonist at the Kiev Opera siege . how do you know about that ? neil the point be - he be not on the yacht , so that 's he window . kat to come back to that golden moment and have it be he last . protagonist everyone 's last . we have to lift the algorithm from the dead drop without sator know . if he believe it 's in there , he kill himself . neil and not the rest of we . where 's the dead drop ? protagonist knowledge divide , friend . neil you be not go to tell I ? protagonist ignorance be we ammunition . ( turn to she ) but I need you back on that boat . kat why ? 116 . protagonist you have to stop he kill himself until we know that algorithm be out of the dead drop . kat but if I be catch there ... and my son see ... I do not want that moment full of anguish if they be go to be he last . protagonist they be not . int . icebreaker , barent sea - day the protagonist watch the troops prepare . ives ( 0.s. ) cough it up . it 's time . the protagonist turn to face ive . ives ( cont 'd ) we be work we way back to the 14th . but without know where the dead drop be , there 's only so much I can prepare . ( no response ) you need I to get you there . protagonist know what a hypocentre be ? ive shake he head . protagonist ( cont 'd ) Ground zero for a underground nuclear test . Sir Michael crosby tell I about a detonation at stalsk - 12 on the 14th - the dead drop be at the bottom of the hypocentre . that explosion seal up the algorithm . ives then we would better pull it out of that hole before the bomb go off . int . turnstile , icebreaker - day Soldiers in respirator file into the turnstile . through the prove window we see they ' back 's into the exit ... the protagonist check he gear at the back of the line . he see kat watch from the airlock . he go to she . 117 . int . airlock - continuous the protagonist pull off he respirator . kat where 's Neil ? protagonist he must have already go through ... kat I do not get to say goodbye - this be goodbye , be not it ? protagonist today 's the 14th . offshore of siberia - time for we to go . you keep go back another day , give you time to make it to viet nam . kat who get I back on the yacht ? protagonist I have get somebody good line up . I would like to say you do not have to do this , but ... kat I once tell you I do not need redemption . but the chance to save my child ? you can not know what that mean to a mother . protagonist no . kat the worst thing andrei ever do to I be that offer - to let I go if I never see my son again . I shout , swore — insert CUT : kat fling a crystal BOWL of raspberries , smashing it on a wooden deck ... kat ( cont 'd ) but he have see it on my face - just for a instant . kat look at the protagonist . who say nothing . kat ( cont 'd ) I do not know if I hate he more for the thing he 's do , or because he know that about I . you have kill people you hate before ? 118 . protagonist it 's not usually personal . kat he 's die , anyway . it might not even count -— protagonist it always count . you be not there to kill he - you be the backstop . if we have not lift that algorithm and he kill himself , he take we all with he , instantly . kat move to the protagonist , in close - kat just keep up you end , okay ? the protagonist nod . she kiss he . protagonist when it 's over , and you be raise you boy . carry this - the protagonist hand she a dumb phone . protagonist ( cont 'd ) there may be a time and place you feel threaten . hit talk , state you location , hang up . kat who get the message ? protagonist posterity . int. / ext . chinook - later the protagonist watch the icebreaker recede ... ext . vast barren plain , dusted with snow - day Three chinook zoom low across the barren landscape , follow by another three chinook long -line shipping container ... int . chinook - continuous the protagonist sit amongst a dozen soldier . they watch the endless northern plain unroll beneath they ... 119 . ext . tenet camp — continuous the protagonist get off the chinook , watch another chinook gently set down a container . he follow the other to a tent . int . briefing tent - continuous Soldiers in fold chair face a screen . the protagonist look around - still no Neil . ive step up , signal for the projector : a devastate CITY , grey concrete and abandoned industry amongst terrace strip mine ... ives stalsk - 12 . Hidden from the world . a city where anything can happen , and today , gentleman , for ten minute , it most assuredly do . ive switch to a graphic : a childishly simple diagram of a landing area , building , then a underground cavern ... ives ( cont 'd ) you be divide into two team for a temporal pincer movement . we be Red team , move forward . we friend out there - ( gesture at container ) - Blue team , lead by Commander wheeler , be invert . one hour from now , they have this briefing ... insert CUT : Neil , in respirator , in the front row of Commander wheeler 's briefing of blue team . all be in respirator ... back to red - team briefing - ives ( cont 'd ) then be drop on the ridge above the hypocentre as close in time to the detonation as possible . they objective be clearance and clarification . this briefing have the benefit of they experience - and yes , some of you specialist be on both team . the protagonist overhear -— red soldier 1 why do not they let we see they ? red soldier 2 maybe we will not like what happen . 120 . ext . coast of viet nam - day a speedboat bounce through the chop , mahir ( from the freeport heist ) at the helm . kat , beside he , shield she eye from the glare as they head towards sator 's yacht . they pull up some way off . a chopper sit on the yacht . mahir hand kat binocular - kat watch she earlier self and her son board the tender and head for shore ... int . briefing tent - day ive gesture across the whole area on the schematic - ives the entire area be radioactive , so both team wear full protection . to distinguish team , wear this - a soldier start pass out red armband ... insert CUT : Neil , in respirator , take a blue armband , and , like the rest of the team , put it on ... back to red - team briefing - ive point to each of the three element in turn : ives ( cont 'd ) landing zone , lz , well defend , include ground - to - air ordinance . we drop in , clear the lz for Blue team 's evacuation ... we make we way into the city proper ... this building be abandon , but we learn they have a turnstile in this one ... so expect a bi-temporal response . red soldier 1 they 'il have inverse ordinance ? ives inverse , conventional , forward antagonist , invert antagonist - they have it all , and it can all end you . get it ? ive go back to the diagram - ives ( cont 'd ) on the other side of the city , the ground rise to the ridge above the hypocentre . yp ( more ) 121 . ives ( cont 'd ) most of you will proceed up the hill - a splinter unit will take a tunnel from the city to the floor of the hypocentre . Blue team locate a entrance here - ive point to the city 's edge . then to the cavern . ives ( cont 'd ) the bomb be in the rock high above to trigger a collapse , sealing the cavern . red soldier 2 how do we defuse the bomb up there ? ives we do not . the explosion take place as plan , exactly ten minute after we landing . everything be synchronize to that explosion . both team have countdown watch - ours count down from ten at landing , to zero at the explosion . he hold up he wrist to display a blood - red ' 10 's - ives ( cont 'd ) Blue team be the reverse - insert CUT : a previous briefing ( blue team ) . neil watch as wheeler hold up she wrist to show a VIVID - blue ' 10 's - wheeler ten at the explosion , to zero at we extraction . if you be not at the lz by zero , you be not leave . back to red - team briefing - ives we job be to fail to defuse the bomb , while the splinter unit achieve its task undetected . red soldier 1 which be ? ives need to know . and you do not . any other stupid question ? right , let 's get ready . everybody rise . the protagonist approach ive . protagonist I want to be on the first wave . 122. ives there be no first wave - Red team and Blue team operate simultaneously . do not get on the chopper if you can not stop think in linear term . you want to be on the team who lift the content of that capsule ? protagonist absolutely . ives that 's we . we be the splinter unit . protagonist just we ? ives no one who know the content of that capsule can leave the field . I think we have manage ourselves . ext . coast of viet nam - day mahir show kat how to use a small pistol . kat wear a two - piece bathing suit with a shirt over . he put the pistol ina diver 's bag , loop the lanyard round kat 's bare ankle . mahir it 's forty foot from the private deck to the water . can you jump it ? kat I can dive it . they hear the chopper spin up . mahir show she a flare gun - mahir until you see my signal , you do not let he die . kat nod . the chopper lift off and zoom overhead . mahir gun the powerboat , streaking towards the yacht ... ext . tenet camp - day the Soldiers head for the chinook . as they pass the container , some stare at they ... the chinook lift off , some chinook rise , lifting the container ... ext . coast of viet nam - day mahir pull up fifty yard from the stern of sator 's yacht ... kat grab the pistol bag and slip into the water ... 123. int . / ext . northern plain - day the chinook beat low over the windswept plain . stalsk - 12 appear on the horizon - terrace strip -mine land lead to a set of concretestruct fuse to the earth ... ext . sator 's yacht , coast of viet nam - day kat quietly pull herself out of the water and onto a rear platform . she stealthily make she way up through the boat ... ext . lz , stalsk - 12 - continuous the chinook long -line container rise , slow , as the other chinook barrel in towards a large flat area - anti - aircraft gun start firing ... the protagonist grab he gun and leap from the chinook as it hover close to the ground ... ext . hypocentre ridge , stalsk - 12 - day the chinook long -line container fly backward towards a giant depression ... int . container - continuous Neil look out a peephole - wheeler we be come in on the shock wave ... hang on , people ! - Neil grab he belt as whummmmm !!!! the container shudder - ext . hypocentre ridge , stalsk - 12 - continuous the SHOCK wave contract - the chinook ' surfing 's backwards in on the shock as it approach the hypocentre ... ENERGY build ... ground lifting and flattening ... ext . lz , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist join a unit of Red team soldier who charge a antiaircraft emplacement taking it out before it can FIRE on the slow -moving chinook ... the protagonist use he assault rifle to take out a gunemplacement . ive use a inverse grenade to violently ' reassemble 's a enemy gun emplacement out of existence , shredd the enemy with reverse shrapnel ... 124. ives draw they back into the city , away from Blue team ... the chinook drop down , land the container - the protagonist look back to see , a hundred metre away , the container OPEN - Blue team ' scrambling 's backward from the container ... some carry injured comrade , all seem exhausted ... the protagonist and Red team press forward , blast at the remain enemy troops who run for the cover of the city ... the protagonist check he watch - a bright - red ' 9:59 's , ' 9:58 's ... ext . hypocentre ridge , stalsk - 12 - day the reverse explosion peak . sudden calm as the chinook place the container down - they open and Blue team run out , ' forward 's , Neil at the head , gun raise , blasting at the enemy soldier on the ridge ... Neil check he watch - a bright -blue ' 9:57 's , ' 9:56 's ... he turn to see a grey truck ' reversing 's towards the hole , tyre suck up dust ... a rope from its rear hitch taut into the hole ... bang ! bang ! shot be suck out of the ground around he - Blue team force the enemy away from the hole , towards Red team ( whose member fight ' backwards 's ) - Neil shout to wheeler - neil draw they fire ! pull they away ... he race down the ridge , follow wheeler ... ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - continuous kat come out to find a junior crew member clean up a smashed BOWL of raspberries . he look up at she , surprised . junior crew member ma ’am ? we think you have go ashore . kat I snuck back to surprise andrei . junior crew member the boss leave ... he trail off - they hear a incoming chopper . 125 . kat I will get the mess . have Mr sator find I here . do not tell the other . the junior Crew member nod , leave - kat move to the rail , check mahir in the distance , the daybed , the water hose ... ext . lz , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist , ive and Red team head towards the large concrete turnstile building on the outskirt of the city - the protagonist see wheeler run backwards towards a bunker on they right which unexplode - - gunfire crackle around they , pin they down ... they hit the bunker with a rpg , then race around the leave of the turnstile building ... ext . hypocentre ridge , stalsk - 12 - day wheeler lead Blue team down the hill - ' chase 's the enemy who run backward - a blue team member triggers a landmine - another triggers a inverse landmine - wheeler hit the deck ! mine ! as Blue team go to the ground , Neil see mine start to explode / implode in a wave towards he as the grey truck race backward down the hill through the minefield , reverse - triggering the mine - Neil dive out of the way , almost run over ... then get up to follow the ' path 's of the grey truck ... ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - late afternoon kat unzip the diver 's bag , feel the handle of the gun , then slide the bag under the day , check she can reach . she move to the rail , crouch to unclip the bottom safety cable . she look at mahir 's boat across the water ... ext . CITY street , stalsk - 12 - day ive lead Red team into the desert concrete structure via a efficient cover - and - move formation ... the protagonist shelter behind large concrete chunks . which vibrate ... gathering ENERGY ... 126 . the protagonist jump away as the chunks rip from the ground , bouncing violently , dustily off each other and flying up into a gap in the side of a build as a inverse rpg zip back up into a window - ive have spot the window and call for a rpg to ' follow 's the inverse one , blasting the building ... the protagonist check he watch - ' 8:10 's , ' 8:09 's ... ext . hypocentre ridge , stalsk - 12 - day Neil check he watch - ' 8:08 's , ' 8:07 's ... he head downhill , towards the city , where the rest of Blue team beat back the enemy ... ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - late afternoon kat hose the raspberry and glass from the deck ... sator appear , watch as she turn the water on herself . sator they tell I you have go ashore . kat they tell I you have fly off . sator I come back . to see you and Max . kat Max be on shore with Anna . we need time , just you and I . after what - sator I be joke . a stupid joke - kat you think I be a terrible mother . sator we both know my opinion of you be higher than yours of I . kat I want thing to be better , andrei . she move towards he . sator nod . pick up the phone - sator have the captain turn the boat so we will see the sunset from here . 127 . ext . CITY street , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist run across the street , firing at the enemy ... he spot the tunnel entrance between two building . protagonist ive ! splinter unit here ! ive nod . race over , draw fire the whole way ... ext . hypocentre ridge , stalsk - 12 Neil race into the city street ... he see Commander wheeler and a blue soldier take shelter in a large jag breach in the ground - floor wall of a massive structure . Neil be forced to hit the deck , ducking inverted fire all around ... he look over at wheeler , and see dust gathering around the breach ... neil wheeler ! get out of there ! wheeler ! wheeler hear he - try to grab the Blue soldier - massive chunks of concrete scrape over neil 's head , flying toward wheeler , who dive clear - the wall reassembles on top of the Blue soldier , crushing he ... Neil wince . start crawl for better cover ... check he watch - ' 6:24 ' , ''6:23 's ... ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - late afternoon sator look past kat to the lowering sun . sator it 's go to be a beautiful sunset . i’1l get Max bring back - we should share the moment with he . sator pick up the phone . kat look at the shore , uneasy ... ext . CITY street , stalsk - 12 - day ive and the protagonist shelter as Red team exchange fire with the enemy further up the street . the protagonist check he watch - ' 5:15 's , ' 5:14 's ... protagonist let 's go . we be run out of time . 128. ives if they see we , it 's all for nothing . protagonist we need a distraction . ive look ahead to the leaning ruin of a build top ... ives do not worry about that ... ext . CITY street - day Neil check he watch - ' 5:10 's , ' 5:09 ’... frustrated , pin down , he look around for a way to break cover ... Commander wheeler , with the rest of Blue team , shelter in the shadow of the ruined base of a building , pin by enemy FIRE from the base of the building ... wheeler rpg ! take out the base - on my mark she check she watch - ' 5:04 's , ' 5:03 's ... the blue rpg soldier take aim ... ext . CITY street , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist spot SMALL debris rolling across the street ... gathering momentum ... protagonist ive ! ive see larger and larger debris be rolling down the street towards the leaning ruin of a build top ... ives it 's about to get distracting ... he signal a red rpg soldier ... ives ( cont 'd ) on my mark ! he look at he watch - ' 5:01 's , ' 5:00 's - ives ( cont 'd ) Fire ! the lean ruin thrust upward - 129 . ext . CITY street , stalsk - 12 - day wheeler watch as the lean ruin 's upper storey reassemble , as its base explode ... ext . CITY street , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist take cover as the lean ruin 's base reassembles as its upper storey explode ... the protagonist and ive race at the tunnel entrance - the grey truck race at they as they dive for the tunnel ... ext . CITY street , stalsk - 12 - day wheeler duck as the weight of the upper storey collapse the building ... Neil lift he head after the explo / implosion . clear . he get up and start running ... ext . tunnel entrance , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist and ive race into the tunnel , hitting a tripwire which blows the tunnel entrance down behind they as they jump inside ... ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - late afternoon sator hang up . he hold a silver pill in the sunlight , study it ... kat what 's that ? sator I borrow it from the CIA . kat but what be it ? sator the way the world end , not with a bang but a whimper . kat I do not understand . sator when I take this , it 's all over . kat then do not take it , yet . sator look at she , need she to care . 130 . sator why not ? kat we have get the sunset come and a little vodka leave ... sator and Max will be here soon ... they think it be you , not Anna , on shore with Max . kat step up in front of sator , seductive ... kat as long as you can tell the difference ... sator smile appreciatively , but pull out he phone - sator a moment 's business , my love ... ext . mahir 's boat - continuous mahir check he radio - ives ( over radio ) not clear . repeat , not clear ... int . tunnel , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist and ive look back at the collapsed entrance protagonist we be commit now . they turn and race through the mining tunnel ... ives ( into radio ) just hold tight - we be almost there ... ext . CITY street , stalsk - 12 - day Neil spot sator 's grey mi8 overhead , a rope hang down . across the street he see volkov reverse - exit the tunnel mouth , crouching to ' derig 's a tripwire booby trap , carry it towards the chopper , then leaping up onto the line - rising from the street ... 131 . Neil stare . concerned . check he watch - ' 4:10 's , ' 4:09 's ... then take off , sprint - wheeler Neil ! she watch he go ahead , then signal Blue team to keep push forward ... int . tunnel , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist and ive run down the tunnel ... they slow as they see a body , blue armband , lie on the ground on the opposite side of a set of bar at the end of the tunnel . they can see into the hypocentre , the giant atomic - hewn cavern , daylight above , capsule on the rock floor next to the mouth of a bore hole . the protagonist check he watch - ' 4:06 's , ' 4:05 's ... ive check the electronic lock - ives we do not have anything big enough to blow this . try he - the protagonist reach through the bar and check the body - freeze : attach to a zip , a talisman - a coin with a hole hanging from a SMALL length of orange and yellow string ... the protagonist look at it , quizzical , rise - protagonist nothing . can you pick it ? sator ( 0.s. ) I hope not . I pay a lot for that lock ... wham ! ive go down - shot by volkov , bullet sparking off he helmet - on the other side of the bar - gun point at the protagonist , field radio hold out ... sator 's voice echoes through the tunnel - sator ( cont 'd ) ( over phone ) how do you like where my journey begin , and yours end ? volkov take the protagonist 's gun . force he to push ive 's gun through the bar . protagonist a little radioactive for my taste . volkov drop the gun into the water , place the radio by the bar ... 132 . ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - late afternoon sator step away from kat as he speak quietly into the phone . sator my fate be always bound up with radiation . we have work where no one else would . we make a devil 's bargain - money for time . we sell we future . kat look at mahir 's boat . nothing . she look to the shore . Far in the distance , she can see the tender approaching ... int . tunnel , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist look at volkov . at the bar between he and the capsule ... protagonist now you be make the same mistake for the entire world . sator ( over phone ) it be not a mistake . I make the bargain I could . what be yours ? you fight for a cause you barely understand . with people you trust so little you have tell they nothing about what you be do . when I die the world die with I . and you knowledge die with you . buried in the tomb like a anonymous egyptian builder seal in the pyramid to keep he secret ... int . turnstile build , stalsk - 12 - day Neil come into the turnstile room ... he watch enemy troops enter / exit the machine , invert to join the battle . he wait for he chance ... the room be empty ... he see himself through the prove window , and run at the machine ... ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - evening sator speak into he phone - sator you faith be blind . you be a fanatic . 133. protagonist ( over phone ) what 's more fanatical than try to destroy the world ? kat move towards sator , but he raise a finger ... sator I be not . I be create a new one . somewhere , sometime , a man ina crystalline tower throw a switch and armageddon be both trigger and avoid . entropy invert the same way the magnetic pole have switch 183 time over the millennia . now time itself switch direction . sator look out at the lowering sun ... sator ( cont 'd ) the same sunshine we have bask in will warm the face of we descendant generation from now . kat look at mahir 's boat . nothing . she look to shore , watch the tender approaching ... int . tunnel , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist look at he watch - ' 2:12 's , ' 2:11 's ... protagonist how can they want to destroy we ? sator ( over phone ) because they ocean rise and they river run dry . do not you see -? they world shrivel because of we . they have no choice but to turn back , there 's no life ahead of they . and we be responsible . know this , do you still want I to stop ? protagonist yes . each generation look out for its own survival . ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - continuous sator look out at the glitter water - sator that 's exactly what they be do . 134 . protagonist ( over phone ) sure , but not you . you be a traitor . bring death to all because you have no life of you own leave . sator when I be do , life continue . protagonist ( over phone ) not you so nas . sator my great sin be to bring a son into a world I know be end ... do you think God will forgive I ? protagonist ( over phone ) for kill you son ? no. sator he should understand - he kill he own . ext . CITY street , stalsk - 12 - day Neil , forward now , spot a grey truck outside the turnstile building - he jump in , firing it up - racing through the street , past the imploding / exploding build , racing for the tunnel mouth , try to head off the protagonist and ive - neil wait ! wait ! they dive into the tunnel , which collapse . Neil set he sight on the hypocentre ridge above , gun the engine ... ext . lz , stalsk - 12 - day wheeler lead Blue team towards the chinook lowering container ... as they carry they wounded and lurch towards the container , they see Red team ' reassembling 's the anti - aircraft gun ... int . tunnel , stalsk - 12 - continuous the protagonist watch volkov pick up a black , metal , geometrically complex bar ... the algorithm . 135 . protagonist you do not believe in God . or a new future . or anything outside you own experience . sator ( over phone ) that 's all any of we know . the rest be belief , and I do not have it . protagonist without it you be not human . you be a madman . sator ( over phone ) or a god of sort . protagonist like I say . volkov slowly back towards the capsule with the algorithm ... the protagonist look down at ive - whose hand be moving ... ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - continuous a beep . sator check he watch . sator we time be up . he look across at kat stand by the rail . sator ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l give my wife you love . protagonist ( over phone ) you be forget , I have not meet she , yet . sator that 's right , after you meet she , she die . i’1l just give she my love , instead . int . hypocentre , stalsk - 12 - day volkov seal the capsule - hook it to a winch ... the protagonist watch ive 's hand emerge with a sidearm ... volkov raise the capsule up over the mouth of the deep bore hole , then step back , prepare to release the winch and drop the capsule into the well ... 136 . ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - sunset sator go to hang up , pause ... a afterthought - sator volkov ? int . tunnel , stalsk - 12 - continuous volkov rush forward with he gun ... sator ( over phone ; in Russian , subtitle ) - shoot he in the head . - volkov pull he trigger - but the Dead Tenet soldier have ' risen 's to be in front of the gun ' absorbing 's the bullet - then leaping to one side , alive - ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - continuous sator hear the shot , satisfied - kat pull the phone away - kat enough business , andrei ... int . tunnel , stalsk - 12 - continuous the protagonist dive to where ive be lie , grab he gun - volkov turn , running for the winch - release - protagonist wait ! wait ! he fire at volkov , who go down just short of the winch ... ive struggle to he foot , check he watch - ' 1:07 's , 41:06 's ... hear beeps , ive look up . the lock be open - ext . hypocentre ridge , stalsk - 12 - continuous Neil race up the slope to the ridge - through the minefield , set off personnel mine in he wake , narrowly avoiding running himself over ... ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - evening as kat pour he a drink , sator look out at the glow horizon , fiddling with the silver pill ... he point - 137 . sator tomorrow the sun will rise in that same spot . for the first time in history . because I have tell it to . ( look at she like she 's a loyal dog ) you have no idea what I be talk about , do you ? she look at he , smile sweetly . kat it sound terribly important , andrei . he reach for she - she get up , move to the rail - sator where be you go ? she grab the hose , start spraying herself - kat be not you hot ? kat spray the deck in front of the rail - sator what be you do , now ? kat I spill sunscreen . sator so what ? kat it 's slippery . sator just come here ... she look at sator lie on the day like a appall emperor . move towards he . grab the sunscreen . kat turn over . sator the sun 's almost go . kat you will like it . he roll over , obedient . she squirt a large dollop across he back . look up at mahir 's boat , hopeful . nothing . 138 . she check she watch as she lazily smear the sunscreen across sator 's back . he groan . kat watch the tender approaching , she can just make out herself and her son ... int . tunnel , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist watch the Dead Tenet soldier racing backward from the gate , out of the tunnel - ives come on ! the protagonist turn - ive swing the gate open - they race through , just before it close , slamming shut behind they - ives ( cont 'd ) tunnel 's seal ! the protagonist step over volkov , struggle with the capsule , it swing , hanging precariously over the well ... ives ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) mahir , do you copy ? ext . mahir 's boat - evening mahir look through binocular , frustrate , flare gun ready - ives ( over radio ) hold ! repeat , hold ! ext . hypocentre ridge , stalsk - 12 - day Neil reverse towards the hole - jump out , pull a line from the rear winch ... ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - sunset kat look at mahir 's boat . nothing . she check she watch ... look down at the tender approach - it 's close enough she can clearly see herself chatting and laughing with max ... she jump up from the day , hold the diver 's bag . sator look up at she , surprised . kat I can not do this . sator do not spoil this moment , kat . kat I can not let you think you have win ... 139 . sator look at she , suddenly wary ... sator what be you talk about , Katherine ? kat I be not let you go to you grave think we be all come with you . I can not give you that - she pull out the silenced pistol . he be utterly unafraid . kat ( cont 'd ) you be die alone , andrei . sator ( contemptuous ) no , I be not . kat andrei , look in my eye . which do you see , despair ... or anger ? sator what ? kat I be not the woman who could find love for you even though you have scar she on the inside ... kat pull up she shirt to reveal the massive , angry scar - kat ( cont 'd ) I be the vengeful bitch you scar on the outside . sator realize he 's be con - lunge for her - sator you -! kat shoot he in the upper chest - he hand go to he chest - he gasp , air leak from he lung ... kat roll sator off the day onto he back - he gurgle - she grab he leg - slide he at the gap below the rail - sator shoot off the deck , tumbling down to the sea - he head crack on the rear platform as he hit the water - ext . mahir 's boat - continuous mahir lower he binocular , startled , as he see sator 's body pitch into the sea - 140 . mahir ( into radio ) she 's kill he ! she 's kill he ! mahir gun the engine , racing towards the yacht ... int . hypocentre , stalsk - 12 - day the protagonist open the capsule , revealing the algorithm - ives she jump the gun - she kill he ! the protagonist look at ive , ashen - a line drop between they — ext . hypocentre ridge , stalsk - 12 - continuous Neil be at the wheel of the truck . through the rear-view mirror he look at he line run into the hole . through the windshield he watch Red and Blue soldier finish load and lift off . he check he watch - ' 00:09 's , ' 00:08 's ... neil fuck it - he gun it , pulling away from the hole - int . hypocentre , stalsk - 12 - continuous the protagonist and ive be yanked into the air , the protagonist clutching the algorithm - as they approach the rocky edge of the hole , ive raise he boot to cushion the - impact ! they bounce painfully over the lip - ext . hypocentre ridge , stalsk - 12 - continuous the truck drag they along the rocky ground , away from the hole as ... boooom !!!! the rocky ground buckle with force - smoke and flame blast up out of the hole in a angry plume - the ground around the hole collapse in a ever - growing radius - the line snap , leave the protagonist and ive tumbling to a stop ... the subsidence approach , slowing , slowing ... the ground open up under the protagonist - ive grab he - the protagonist have the algorithm in he hand , ive pull he back onto solid ground ... 141 . ext . lz , stalsk - 12 - day wheeler pull a last Blue team soldier into the container as she watch hit zero - the container door slam shut - blue team soldier do you think they make it ? ext . private deck , sator 's yacht - sunset kat pick up the shell case , drop it in the diver 's bag , zip it up , attaches the lanyard to she ankle , spray down the deck , washing away blood and sunscreen ... kat step up to the railing . watch mahir , down below , get a line on sator 's body . kat glance over at the tender arriving with her earlier self and her son ... kat dive , arcing gracefully through the sunset ... kat 's earlier self , step onto the yacht , catch a glimpse of a graceful form slicing into the water . she look , curious , but Max tug she sleeve and she turn . ext . coast of viet nam -— continuous on mahir 's speed boat , kat hand mahir the diver 's bag and look up ahead to the last light of day ... protagonist ( over radio ) kat , you jump the gun ! mahir hand she the radio - kat I could not do it , I could not let he die think he have win . and I know you have find a way . silence . she glance mahir , suddenly concerned - kat ( cont 'd ) wait , you find a way ? we be okay , right ? protagonist ( over radio ) yeah . we find a way . be safe . mahir 's boat speed away through the twilight ... ... dragging sator 's body behind . 142. ext . windswept plain outside stalsk - 12 - evening a chinook swirl snow around the blast ruin ... ive and the protagonist slump , bruise , exhaust , gas mask off , breathe hard . on the ground between they - the matte-black algorithm ... Neil approach , remove he gas mask ... protagonist I think you be invert . neil change gear halfway - you need help here . ives we need help down there . ( to protagonist ) how have you get that lock open ? protagonist it be not I . ( to Neil ) do not you team need you ? neil I will get they on the next pass . right , ive ? ives once I have catch my breath . the protagonist reach for the algorithm - ive pull it out of he reach - he gun lay casually across he leg . as Neil and the protagonist watch , ive take he weapon in hand , get to he foot ... he lift the algorithm ... look around at the desert plain above stalsk - 12 ... ives ( cont 'd ) Nice and private . ive separate the algorithm into three component - protagonist no one who 's see this leave the field ... ives we hide it , we end we life . it 's the only way to be sure . ive toss they each one component ... ives ( cont 'd ) but as to when ... ive holsters he sidearm . 143. ives ( cont 'd ) maybe that 's every man 's decision to make for himself . neil you be not go to kill we ? ives if I ever find you I will . neil but you will not look too hard . ives yes , I will . Neil shake he head , smile at this . ive head towards the chinook . Neil and the protagonist watch he go ... neil you be not head back to London to check on kat , be you ? protagonist of course not . that would be too dangerous . neil even from afar . protagonist even from afar . Neil think of something . look at ive - neil ive , wait ! Neil take he section of the algorithm , reattaches it to the protagonist 's . protagonist you be really go back in ? neil I be the only one who could have get that door open in time , right ive ? ive look at Neil , size he up . ives I do not have any locksmith as good as you . Neil turn to the protagonist , grab he backpack ... 144 . neil see ? that 's I in there , again . weaving another pass in the fabric of this mission . Neil swing he pack onto he back , revealing a talisman - a coin with a hole tied to the zip with orange and yellow thread — protagonist Neil , wait . neil we just save the world - we can not leave anything to chance . the protagonist think . struggle . protagonist but can we change thing ? if we do it differently ...? Neil look back at the protagonist . see he struggle ... neil what 's happen 's happen . ( smile ) which be a expression of faith in the mechanic of the world , not a excuse to do nothing . protagonist fate ? neil call it what you want . protagonist what do you call it ? neil reality . now let I go . the protagonist let he walk , tear welling up ... call out protagonist hey ! ( Neil turn ) you never do tell I who recruit you . neil ( smile ) have not you guess by now ? you do . just not when you think . you have a future in the past . year ago for I . year from now for you . 145 . protagonist you have know I for year ? neil ( nod ) for I , I think this be the end of a beautiful friendship . protagonist but for I it 's just the beginning ? neil and we get up to some stuff . you be gonna love it . you will see . this whole operation be a temporal pincer . protagonist whose ? neil your . you be only halfway there . I ’'1l see you at the beginning , friend . Neil turn . follow ive to board the chinook . the protagonist watch he go ... neil ( v.o. ) we be the people save the world from what might have be ... the protagonist look down at the algorithm in he hand . neil ( v.o. ) the world will never know what could have happen ... he pull up he collar and walk into the snow ... ext . school gate - afternoon kat be walk up the road to the school gate . neil ( v.o. ) .-- and even if they do they would not care ... she feel something wrong . look across the road , she see a car with tinted window shadow she . neil ( v.o. ) ... because no one care about the bomb that do not go off ... she get out the dumb phone the protagonist have give she ... 146 . neil ( v.o. ) ..+. j just the one that do ... int . / ext . car - continuous priya be in the front passenger seat . the driver next to she have a gun and silencer sit on he knee ... priya do it before the boy come out . the rear door open - a dull thud - the Driver be shot by a silence pistol - protagonist ( 0.s. ) that 's you idea of mercy ? priya turn - the protagonist have a gun to the back of she seat . protagonist ( cont 'd ) you give I you word . priya and I tell you what it would be worth . here. today . how do you know ? he hold up a dumb phone , play a voicemail - kat ( via recording ) cannon place , 3 o'clock , it 's - protagonist posterity . ext . school gate - continuous kat hit send , speak into the phone - kat cannon place , 3 o'clock , it 's probably nothing ... int . / ext . car - continuous the protagonist watch kat. protagonist I tell you you have have to start look differently at the world . priya I have to tie up the loose end . 147 . protagonist that be never you job . priya then whose be it ? the protagonist bring he focus back to priya . protagonist mine . I realize I be not work for you . we have both be work for I ... I be the protagonist . priya then you have better tie up that loose end . he shoot she through the seat back . she slump forward . protagonist Mission accomplish . the protagonist look across the road . the kid stream out ... kat see Max come , take one last look at the dark car ... neil ( v.o . ) .-- but it 's the bomb that do not go off ... kat shake she head , smile at she own folly , look at the phone like it 's silly - neil ( v.o. ) ... the danger no one know be real ... she toss the phone carelessly into she bag . neil ( v.o. ) that 's the bomb with the real power to change the world . the protagonist watch kat and Max walk away . Max offer kat he hand and we - fade out . credit . end .