terminator : salvation written by John brancato &amp ; Michael ferris revised draft 10.12.05 super on black : longview state correctional facility , TEXAS , 2003 . fade in on : int . death row / cell - dawn start tight on marcus wright . he 's a intense , powerful man , 20' - 30' , he head shaven . Marcus stare into camera with a resign expression . we hear the voice of a priest : priest yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil : for thou art beside I ; thy rod and thy staff they comfort I ... camera pull back , straight up . marcus lie in he cot , stare at the ceiling . he 's smoking a cigarette . this overhead angle reveal a priest with a bible , in a fold chair beside he . a chess set , stack of book , writing material in the cell . two guard wait , shackle in hand . marcus have no interest in scripture . he blow a cloud of smoke which drift in the direction of the priest , who blink and shut he bible . one of the guard unlock the cell door for -- dr . serena kogan . she 's in she 30' - 50' , brilliant , attractive , but thin and pale , a scarf tie around she head . she carry a clipboard . the priest back off to give she some privacy with Marcus . serena Marcus -- I be Doctor serena kogan , I be with Project angel . you consent to donate you body to science ... ( continued ) 2 . continued : marcus yeah , I be pretty much do with it . serena you have be choose for we research . marcus chosen ? lucky I . serena we just need a couple of signature ... Marcus sit up , she pass he the clipboard and pen - - he note that she hand be shaking . marcus you do not need to be scared . serena I be not . it 's nerve degeneration . marcus look up from the form , take in the scarf cover she sparse hair . marcus Cancer ? serena ( nods ) you be not the only one with a death sentence . marcus meet she eye . she study he a beat . serena ( cont would ) what you be do be important , Marcus . we work be still highly experimental ... but you may be help people in way you can not begin to imagine . marcus I be a regular hero . with that sarcastic comment , he sign he name -- we see the word " project angel " at the top of dense type on the form . serena take the clipboard , start to rise . she touch he hand for a moment . ( continued ) 3 . continued : ( 2 ) serena thank you . and ... I be sorry . marcus no one life forever . the guard see serena out . int . death row / corridor - night low angle - marcus ' chained ankle clank as the guard lead he down the corridor , past prisoner in they cell ; some avert they eye , other give a nod or raise a fist . priest ( v.o. ) Marcus , this be you last opportunity to make a confession ... marcus stare straight ahead , take deep , steady breath , struggle not to succumb to fear . priest ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) be there nothing you would say to Officer martinez ' family ? int . death row / execution chamber - night close - buckle tighten ... a alcohol swab on marcus ' forearm ... a needle puncture he skin . marcus ( v.o. ) what can I say . I be seventeen , I be angry , I be stupid . finger turn the valve to release the lethal chemicals . close on marcus ' eye , look up toward -- the deadly i.v. , run into he arm . from this , he look toward -- he reflection in a one - way mirror , the dim shape of witness beyond . ( continued ) 4 . continued : marcus ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) yeah ... I be sorry about it . I be sorry about everything . the whole goddamn world ... as the lethal injection take hold , he Pov move to bright light overhead , lose focus and bleaching to white ... from the white screen , a face emerge , backlit , blurred -- it 's serena . she 's in focus for just a moment , lean into camera -- then move out of frame . CUT to black . super on black : south -central sector , NORTH america , 2018 ext . cornfield - dusk cornstalk as far as the eye can see , rustling in a summer breeze . figure be move within the field . we only make they out in silhouette , but all carry heavy rifle . int . a- 10 cockpit - dusk a computer targeting screen - the figure be highlighted in this tactical display , as be a octagonal hatch into the ground beneath the corn . ext . cornfield - dusk the figure in the corn look up -- we hear a aircraft approach with a jet whine -- fwoom ! a massive concussion as a bunker - busting missile bore into the earth at high - velocity , burrow deep -- -- then a huge blast - flame and dirt be throw high in the air , many of the figure blow sky-high . a flaming body hit the ground in fg , face to camera ... we now see it be a steel terminator -- its metal skull blown OPEN and scorched , its red eye shatter . ( continued ) 5 . continued : a-10 warthog -- stubby attack plane -- scream from the sky , raking the remaining figure with cannon FIRE , blasting they to bit . this aircraft no longer bear traditional U.S. insignia - - they be paint in wild color , graffiti lettering say thing like : " bot blaster , " " kill for connor , " " rage against the machine , " etc ... resistance fighter . motley military and civilian chopper land in the cornfield , disgorge resistance soldier . this be human troops in high - tech helmet , carry slightly futuristic conventional assault weapon . the warthog veer off , lay napalm in the distance behind the soldier . the troops run toward -- -- a open which have be blow into the ground , the remain of the octagonal hatch where the bunker - buster hit . a survive terminator rise from the singed corn , fire its plasma rifle -- -- dropping a soldier . his comrade FIRE explosive bullet -- and blow the robot apart . the leader of this assault group wave he soldier to enter the dark hatchway . int . underground facility / corridor - night collapsed ceiling , flame , a high - tech installation in ruin ; red lighting , distinctive of skynet environment . soldier flick on helmet lamp and make they way carefully inside -- pretty desert . they kick aside rubble to enter -- int . underground facility / robotic room - night helmet beam play over bank of electronics and -- -- a dozen fix , industrial robot -- not remotely humanoid -- engage in mysterious task , mechanical arm at work . the soldier rake the room with gunfire -- machinery collapse , SPARKS from exploding circuitry . int . underground facility / corridor - night deeper into the complex , a heavy door blows off its hinge . ( continued ) 6 . continued : team leader clear ! soldier move from cover and through the blow door . int . underground facility / storage room - night tube and fiber -optic cable run into dozen of glass cylinder fill with translucent pink liquid . the soldier make they way in , alert -- but nothing 's move in here . the team leader peer into a cylinder , aim he headlamp at -- -- a small Mass of tissue float inside , connect to a dense network of fiber -optic cable ... it 's a human brain . team leader oh God . the team leader recoil -- but before he can say more , the room shake with a deafening roar . ext . cornfield - night a huge escape ship rise straight up from a open hatchway . nearby troops crouch and FIRE after it . the ship pivot in mid-air and roar off , soldier dodging the engine blast . int . underground facility / storage room - night the team leader speak into he headset . the other soldier inspect the many cylinder , react in horror and shock . team leader you will not believe the shit we find down here -- as he speak , camera find a GREEN LED on the ceiling -- which suddenly flash red and blink rapidly -- ext . cornfield - night wide - a immense subterranean blast cause a few hundred yard square to swell and then collapse . ( continued ) 7 . continued : jets of flame , smoke and dirt rise in the aftermath . int . chopper - night a panicked pilot on the radio : pilot -- repeat , that be not we ! a ship escape , they musta blow the place themselves ! Jesus , a lot of we guy be still down there ... ext . cornfield - night soldier above ground help the wounded to evac chopper . in fg , find the steel skull of the dead terminator . dissolve to : ext . cornfield - day same angle -- the terminator now half - sink in mud . a field mouse have nested in its skull cavity , seek shelter from raindrop . month have pass , the season change -- corn long dead , a black stubble . rain fall . a patch of mud stir -- something below be move . the mud roil , seem to assume a human shape ... eye OPEN , look around in shock , the naked figure be so drench in mud we can not recognize it at first . the figure rise , look up at the sky , and falling rain wash away mud from he face ... it 's marcus wright . he open he mouth , make a few guttural noise ... then scream . camera pull up from marcus ' agonized face ... CUT to : 8. ext . plateau - evening bare feet trudge through the dirt . marcus move along a slight rise , wrap in tear and filthy rag , mud cake on he body . eerie silence . reaching the edge of a rise , he see in the distance -- a decimate CITY , building collapse into rubble . ext . dead CITY - night moonlight . the skeleton of a large dog lie on the ground , partially cover by a dusting of snow . it still bear a rotting collar attach to a chain . move to a chain - link fence , partially collapse , a singe , fade sign : " beware of dog . " wider , we be in the low -rent district of this CITY in ruins -- rubble , random wall still stand . hulk of car , rusted , windowless . it 's be over a decade since the bomb fall . marcus be the only thing alive here . he move down this block , pick up a handful of snow , bring it to he lip . a collapsed newsstand . marcus walk past the rack , pick up a magazine which crumble in he hand . a human skeleton , clothes in tatter , be half - bury behind the collapse counter . there 's a bulge in its shirt pocket . marcus gingerly reach into the pocket and fish out a cellophane - wrap pack of cigarettes and a butane lighter . marcus sit on a piece of rubble by the skeleton . he tear open the packet and put a dry - out , stale cigarette to he lip , try the lighter a few time , finally get a flame . he light the cig , inhale deeply -- he wait for a rush , feel nothing . he take a few more drag , increasingly disappointed , then flick the cigarette away . he rise , look toward a cave - in storefront , make out a clothing store 's tatter sign on the ground , amidst break glass : " sale ! go out of business ! everything must go ! " 9 . int . ruined clothing store - night fallen rack , clothes and shoe cover in year of dust and rubble . marcus , grateful to be rid of the rag , have pull on jeans and sneaker , use the cigarette lighter for illumination . he kick away some fallen ceiling tile from a rack of army jacket . he hold one up -- look good . int . ruined bar - night partially collapse , a downscale water hole . Broken stool , booth , a dead pinball machine . marcus , dress now , again use the lighter to find he way , sort through the break glass and rubble behind the bar , come up with -- a dusty bottle of whisky . marcus hallelujah . he unscrew the cap , raise the bottle to a skeleton on the floor nearby . Marcus take a long pull -- and choke , instantly dizzy . he sink to the floor , pass out . CUT to black . memory montage : quick , fragmentary , impressionistic pove , blurred , alter . sfx of heartbeat , a respirator . -- webs of tube and fiber - optic fill the frame . -- grids of laser light scan rapidly into camera . -- digital display blink through murky liquid . serena move into frame , a look of concentration on she face as she peer through the liquid , into camera . she start to smile . dissolve to : ext . dead CITY - day blue sky . tilt down to find marcus , who plod on through the dead city 's outskirt . he pause near a collapse bus kiosk . a smiling woman stare out at he from a fade advertisement . marcus study the woman . she 's nothing like serena , but she expression recall the beckone vision . ( continued ) 10 . continued : he run he hand over the image of she face , pull away a chunk of crack , graffity glass over the poster . then he carefully tear the poster to remove the woman 's face , fold the paper , slip it in a pocket and continue on . ext . highway - night desert , car hulk about , crumble skeleton at the wheel . marcus move down the center of the freeway on this moonlit night , pay little attention to anything around he . we be in mostly flat , treeless plain . from the opposite direction , figure approach , move through the darkness . Marcus hurry excitedly toward they , the first live creature he 's see . he wave . marcus hey ! yo , over here ! the figure pause , turn toward he in unison . marcus ( cont would ) damn it 's good to see you guy , I feel like I be the last man on ... he freeze in he track . this be not human . they be t- 400s -- plastic - skinned terminators -- armed with plasma rifle . they wear a motley collection of find clothing , but they male humanoid face be identical , unnatural and motionless , like mask . they eye flicker red as they scan he . marcus ( cont would ) oh God ... Marcus back away , run . the t-400s stare after he -- but do not fire . angle through binocular mask - marcus run for all he 's worth , head toward the viewer . we hear a mutter voice : boy hey mister , where you goin ' in such a hurry ? angle on a boy , scrawny and filthy , in he early to mid teens . he crouch on the support of a freeway sign . ( continued ) 11 . continued : he wear layer of tatter , over - size clothing . he scramble quickly down from the sign . at a off - ramp , Marcus ' pace slow as he move to get off the freeway , when -- the boy emerge from behind some rubble , hold a handgun in one hand , a light oil lantern in the other . boy ( cont would ) whoah , whoah -- hang on there . get any food ? Marcus raise he hand , shake he head . the boy look he over dubiously . boy ( cont would ) you look like you be eat pretty good . the boy move closer , put down the lantern , frisk Marcus with one hand while hold the gun on he with the other . marcus you be human ... you can see I , you can touch I . this place be real . the boy make a dubious face , yank a handful of paper scrap from Marcus ' pocket . marcus ( cont would ) I think I be in hell . boy ( raise a eyebrow ) this sure be not heaven . marcus that thing with mask , red eye -- boy ( casually ) terminator -- t-400s . what be this stuff ? the boy unfold the paper scrap in the lantern light -- angle on paper scrap - the woman' face from the poster , a fragment of a model' photo from a magazine ad , a painting of a female face from a paperback cover . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) the boy look puzzle , intrigue by the picture . but with sudden speed , marcus grab the boy' gun hand and wrench it hard -- it fire into the air . marcus get control of the gun , wrap one arm around the boy 's throat . marcus if I be not in hell , where be I ?! boy ( choking ) Texas ! the noise of a shotgun pumping close behind marcus -- marcus spin to face he attacker , press the handgun into the boy 's cheek . he 's face to face with -- a girl , a couple of year young than the boy , training the shotgun at Marcus ' head -- she look ready to shoot . girl let he go ! marcus first put down the shotgun . the girl shake she head angrily . she wear a age , beloved baseball cap with a STAR on it . boy do what he say . girl he will kill we both ! marcus I do not wanna kill anyone . boy do it , Star . put it down . she shake she head slightly , aim carefully at Marcus ' head , just a few foot away , a slight smile on she face . girl there be only one bullet in that gun . marcus hook he foot around the oil lantern and deftly -- ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 3 ) -- boot it at the girl . burning oil spill across she leg , she cry out and fumble the shotgun . marcus toss the boy at she , the two of they sprawl on the ground , the shotgun fall to one side -- marcus quickly snatch up the shotgun . use snow , the boy help the girl extinguish the flame from she clothing . marcus stand over the kid with a gun in each hand . he struggle to control anger , speak quietly . marcus I do not like it when people point gun at I . girl it be not load . marcus quickly check the chamber of both the shotgun and handgun - - indeed , both be empty . marcus you take on a guy like I with one bullet and a empty shotgun ? ( study they admiringly ) pretty stupid . he shove the handgun in he belt , put the shotgun down and kneel to pick up fall scrap of paper -- a few have catch FIRE and be incinerate . the boy and girl get to they foot , stare at Marcus . girl can I have my gun back ? marcus shrug , gesture for she to pick it up . he still look at the picture in he hand . girl ( cont would ) where would you get that ? marcus in the city . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 4 ) boy ( step away from he ) the city ? oh man . that place be red hot . marcus ( a small smile ) seem kinda dead to I . boy no -- radiation . a spotlight appear in the distance -- a roving hunter-killer move in they direction . quickly , automatically , the kid dive for cover behind a wall of debris . marcus look toward the light , unaware of danger . the boy bolt from behind cover , grab marcus by the arm -- boy ( cont would ) get down , they have see the light ! he drag Marcus back behind the debris wall , just in time -- as the h-k near , the light find the burning oil . it fire blue pulse , which chew up the asphalt nearby -- then it move on , fail to pick out the human . Marcus be dumbfounded . marcus that be not a helicopter ... boy it 's a h -k -- hunter-killer . where the hell have you be ? girl rad musta fry he brain . let 's go , Kyle . the h-k have vanish in the distance . the girl rise . the boy -- kyle -- shake he head , stay at Marcus ' side . kyle what 's you name ? marcus ( after a beat ) Marcus . Marcus wright . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 5 ) kyle Kyle reese. ( indicate girl ) she do not remember she name -- ( be : she cap ) -- so I call she Star . STAR give Marcus a small , reluctant wave . kyle ( cont would ) gonna be light soon , Marcus , better find cover . we spot some building half a mile that way . kyle point but get no response . he shrug , set off with Star in that direction . Kyle call over he shoulder : kyle ( cont would ) you can come if you want . STAR ( hiss at he ) why ? we do not need he . kyle ( a shrug , sotto ) I like he . he 's funny . marcus look around at the desolate world -- and the two teens recede ahead of he . after a beat , he follow . CUT to : ext . highway - dawn a fallen sign - " gas food lodging . " kyle , STAR and marcus move along the roadside , head toward dark building a few hundred yard off near a overpass . marcus what year be it ? STAR seventeen . kyle nope. eighteen . ( continued ) 16 . continued : STAR be you sure ? kyle yup . two thousand eighteen . marcus Fifteen year ... I have lose 15 year . so who do it to we ? terrorist ? the Russians , the chinese - -? STAR huh ? marcus the nuke . there be a war , right ? who start it ? kyle cock he head at he . kyle something fall on you head ? the machine do it , the computer -- they get smart . STAR judgment Day ... I be just a baby . kyle what 's the last thing you remember ? marcus ( a beat ) dying . ext . rest stop - day a mexican fast food joint , window break , sign collapse , near a two -story motel with a cover carport . the pavement be cracked , the structure weathered , abandon for a decade . marcus , kyle and STAR suddenly rise from a hide spot by a dumpster in a parking area . kyle scan the fast - food place with the binocular , while STAR study a watch she carry . kyle eyeball . only one . ( continued ) 17 . continued : they drop down again . one aerostat patrol the area . it 's a surveillance drine the size of a softball , shiny steel , a inset camera lens with a red glow . it fly in a geometric pattern , hover every few second before continue on . it vanish around the corner of the fast - food joint , move in the direction of the motel . STAR have be timing its move . STAR now ! kyle and STAR dash for the fast - food entrance , marcus just behind . they round the doorway and -- int . fast food joint - day -- drop down inside behind a upend table in what be once a taco place , remnant of mexican decor . through a dirty window , they see the aerostat buzz past , fly its pattern . it move on without spot they , then take off in a new direction . kyle and STAR set to search the place , something they have do many time . they go through trash can , check behind the counter and in the kitchen . marcus get up , still look out the window . marcus that fly grapefruit , what be it ? kyle aerostat - - one of skynet 's eye . they patrol place like this , look for survivor . STAR yes ! she 's come up with some unopened packet of condiment from a bag of trash . kyle trot over . kyle any red one ? she nod excitedly , hand he a packet . he tear it open , suck down the content eagerly . ( continued ) 18 . continued : kyle ( cont would ) mm. ketchup . STAR discard one packet , suck at another -- and immediately make a pain face and toss the packet aside . STAR yuk ! marcus pick up the packet , look at it . marcus jalapeño sauce . STAR and kyle pause in they eat , stare at he . STAR you can read . marcus shrug modestly . kyle so can i. ( off Star 's look ) well , sort of ... a little . with obvious reluctance , STAR hold a packet of mustard toward Marcus . STAR want some ? Marcus gallantly wave it away . marcus no thanks . not hungry . kyle never hear anyone say that before . CUT to : int . abandoned motel room - day angle in mirror - marcus stare at he own reflection in a crack mirror . ( continued ) 19 . continued : marcus I look the same . STAR close tatter curtain , plop on the bare bed , ready for sleep . the room 's a mess , graffiti here and there , trash scattered about ; they be not the first squatter who have be here . the gun and star' watch lie on a dresser . kyle sit before the tv - - he 's scratch stick figure onto the screen with a rusted pocketknife . one be clearly mean to be he ; the smaller one , wear a baseball cap , be Star . kyle you ever watch television ? marcus oh yeah . be about all I ever have to look forward to in the joint . STAR ( yawning ) what 's a joint ? marcus ( blink ) prison . spend half my life there . kyle I remember tv a little . cartoon . it be great . kyle plop on the bed next to STAR , who 's already out . marcus study they . marcus she you sister ? kyle dunno . be together since we be little . bunch of we kid be at the day - care center when the bomb fall ... she and I be the only one still around . marcus ( disturb ; gesture around ) so this be it ? you life ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) kyle we be gonna find the resistance , fight for John connor against skynet . you oughta join we , you be pretty cool . marcus you do not know I . kyle you be strong , you can read ... you do not kill we . good enough for I ... marcus skynet run the machine ...? so who 's this John connor ? kyle he 's ... I do not know . the best . everybody talk about he . he 's the one who 's gonna save we . marcus yeah , right . him and Jesus . kyle who 's Jesus ? marcus you be ask the wrong guy . kyle ( close he eye ) so why be you in prison ? marcus ( a long beat ) I kill a cop . kyle be cop like terminator ? marcus well ... Nah , some of `em be all right . ( sigh ) my little brother Max , pretty wild kid , not much older than you -- he steal a car , just joy-ride , y'know , show off . ( more ) ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 3 ) marcus ( cont would ) cop chase he right into we front yard , pull he outta the car ... and start whaling on he , kick the shit out of he . no reason for it , Max be already in cuff . I run out of the house , guy try to pull he gun on I -- guess I just go off on he . do not even remember it really ... they say I break he neck . ( beat ) Max must be dead too , now ... like everybody else . marcus notice now that Kyle be asleep -- it 's as if he 's lull he with a bedtime story . Marcus be oddly touch , pull a cover over both the kid . kyle start , half - asleep -- kyle you gonna be here when I wake up ? marcus sure . kyle good . stay away from the window . so say , kyle fall back asleep . marcus sigh , move through the room , quietly open a drawer or two and find -- a bible . int . motel corridor - day afternoon light , marcus sit on the floor by a room door , shotgun lean on the wall at he side . he have the bible open in he lap , head bow over it . closer -- he eye be close , he 's asleep . the door open behind he , STAR peer out -- and look relieved to see Marcus be still with they . as she take a step toward he , he start awake . STAR just I . marcus relax , she sit down beside he . ( continued ) 22 . continued : STAR ( cont would ) whatcha read ? marcus the bible . my grandma always try to get I into it , but -- it always put I to sleep . ( beat ) still do . STAR would you read something to I ? marcus shrug and nod , flip to a random page , squint at the text . marcus " ...of the tribe of simeon , shaphat the son of hori . of the tribe of judah , caleb the son jephunneh - - " STAR there 's a book inside with picture . she 's already on she foot . close - a phonebook , minute later . we hear marcus read : marcus " guaranteed lowest price ... open seven day ... " STAR sit at he side , look over he shoulder as he turn page . she point to something : STAR what 's that ? marcus it 's a flower . a rise . STAR ( full of wonder ) so ... all that number ... you could call they and get , like , flower , or someone to come over and fix stuff , or bring you food ... ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) marcus ( nod , touch ) guess people have it pretty good . ( flip ) what else we get ... mover , muffler , music -- STAR Music ? marcus you know , pianos , guitar ... STAR I do not remember music . marcus come on . you must ... ( approximate the tune ) " I can not get no ... satisfaction ... " ( off she blank look ) " we be family ... I get all my sister with I ... " no , huh . how about ... " twinkle twinkle little star ... " Star 's face light up , she nod eagerly , sing along : marcus &amp ; STAR " how I wonder what you be ... up above the world so high , like a diamond in the sky ... " STAR be dizzy with emotion , wipe a eye , turn away . marcus you ok ? STAR ( shake she head ) somebody use to sing that to I . marcus put the phonebook aside , put a hand on she arm ; and she lean into he for a hug , tear form in she eye . STAR ( cont would ) stay with we , Marcus . please . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 3 ) marcus look down at she , affect . dissolve to : ext . motel - day aerostat Pov - a pixellated electronic image as it patrol the motel area in its geometric pattern . it zoom into the carport , quickly scan the abandon vehicle , among which be a age , open jeep wrangler , its hood up , park beside a customize van . the car be cover in dust , the tire flat , they have be sit here for a decade . objective angle - the aerostat zip off on its round . after a moment , the van door slide open . marcus move quickly back to the jeep , kyle and STAR behind he . STAR check she watch while marcus go back to work on the jeep' engine . he 's find some tool , already have remove and clean spark plug , dismantle the distributor . kyle , meanwhile , return to inflating one of the tire with a bicycle pump . kyle if we get it to move , will you teach I to make it go ? marcus it 's call drive . sure . STAR wipe dirt off the side of the van , revealing air - brush artwork beneath ... STAR wow . what be this like ? marcus look up from he work to see -- a white unicorn in a field of flowers . marcus ( smiling ) not too many around in my time . dissolve to : 25 . ext . motel - night the aerostat zip past the carport . as soon as its go -- STAR now ! the jeep be suddenly pushed from the carport , tire somewhat inflate . marcus be on one side of the rear , kyle on the other , STAR behind the wheel , the seat move all the way up . they get the vehicle to a slight slope , it begin to roll on its own . marcus pop the clutch ! let you foot up ! angle in jeep we see it 's be hot-wire . STAR have she foot all the way down on the clutch , now let up -- the jeep buck and sputter ... but catch . as soon as it do , music blare from the tape deck -- raucous heavy metal , the age cassette speed and slow . marcus run for the driver 's side , but the jeep be pull ahead fast . angle in jeep STAR be stare at the speaker , mesmerize at the sound of the music . when she look out the windshield -- -- she 's about to hit a wall , squeal in terror -- --marcus vault in and push she aside , squeezing behind the wheel , hit the brake and throw the Jeep into neutral . kyle aerostat 's come ! kyle hop in back as marcus adjust the seat and floors it . the kide be exhilated as marcus zoom out of there , head off- road across the plain , light off , music loud . STAR Music ... marcus sort of . ( continued ) 26 . continued : marcus turn the music down . he look up to see -- -- the aerostat , right over they head , keep pace with the vehicle , red light flashing . kyle rise in back , swing at it with the shotgun butt -- the aerostat deftly dodge the blow . STAR oh no ! it 's gonna call a harvester , we be dead -- marcus slam on the brake -- the aerostat stop a few foot ahead of they , hover in the air . marcus pick up a x-shape lug wrench from behind he seat , rise , take aim -- -- and hurl the wrench with amazing speed and power -- -- it fly like a throw star and smashes the aerostat to bit in a shower of SPARKS and metal . the three of they stare breathlessly for a moment . kyle wow . you be good . marcus flexe he hand , startle at he own strength . dissolve to : ext . TEXAS plain - night the jeep move off -road , headlight off , travel by moonlight . it swerve and buck from time to time . music plays from the tape deck , something more melodic . angle in jeep - kyle behind the wheel , have the time of he life , marcus supervise , STAR enjoy the breeze and the unfamiliar sensation of a move vehicle . STAR faster ! marcus no ! you be do fine . ( continued ) 27 . continued : the song suddenly garble , turn to noise . marcus eject the tape , pull it out -- it 's unspool , tangle in the stereo 's gut . the kide groan disappointedly . static from the radio now ... but a faint voice audible beneath it . marcus ( cont would ) ssh . marcus fiddle with the dial . he can not get the SOUND clear , roll through the dial . vary level of static , then a relatively clear voice : radio voice -- proper ratio of ammonium nitrate to diesel fuel . a bomb of this type can be contain in a ordinary plastic garbage bag , and will detonate on impact ... kyle ( excite ) that 's he ! radio voice this recording have describe booby - trap and explosive device . it will repeat every two hour on different frequency to avoid skynet jam ... STAR point toward the horizon . Marcus look up . marcus stop the car . kyle accelerate . marcus ( cont would ) other pedal , other pedal ! they screech to a halt . in the distance - a red glow of flame far away . silhouetted against this , strange flying vehicle and spindly , spider - like machine be just visible . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) radio voice do not give in to despair . as bleak as thing seem , I assure you , humanity will triumph . high angle - the jeep turn away from the conflagration , move off in a new direction and vanish into the darkness . radio voice ( cont would ) the machine only win when we give up hope ... this be John connor . dissolve to : ext . service station - dawn high angle - a crumble service station with a rusting tanker on flat tire , the cab long go . move to find the jeep approach off-road . the jeep pull to a stop , marcus get out from behind the wheel and move to the tanker . STAR and kyle , with he binoc , scan the area for sign of skynet surveillance . kyle we oughta find a place to hole up for the day ... marcus pound on the tanker -- a deep echo . marcus damn it . empty . kyle sniff the air . kyle you smell that ? STAR sniff the air herself , eye go wide . STAR food ! they both hop out of the Jeep , run toward the garage , each carry they unload gun . high angle - from behind the rusting sign , a aerostat appear , aim at the kid , light blinking . 29 . int . service station - dawn kyle and STAR slither under a partially open garage door . the space be dark , smoke - filled ... strip of dried meat hang from the hydraulic lift . the two youth look amaze and delighted . Kyle shove the gun into he waistband , move to the close strip and peel off a piece , take a tentative bite , then gnaw ravenously . Star lean the shotgun against the wall and follow suit . marcus lift the garage door and enter , dawn light stream in behind he . marcus what be this ? kyle ( mouth full ) who care ? Marcus squint at something in the darkness . he take a step forward , then grab Star 's arm . marcus spit it out ! STAR ( chewing ) it 's good ! now kyle react to what Marcus see , gag and spit out meat . he 's stare at -- -- a dry , severe human hand , rest on a grille in the sink service pit , where a charcoal FIRE smolder . Star see it too , turn and retch , just as -- -- three animal - like cannibal emerge from the back of the garage -- two burly , ugly , unshaven men and a wild - eye , unhealthy - look woman with matte hair . we will call they pig , bull and cow . pig grab the shotgun , bull grab kyle and yank the handgun from he waistband . cow grab STAR , shove she into the center of the garage , beside Kyle and bull . bull toss the handgun to cow who keep it train on the kid , size they up . ( continued ) 30 . continued : cow not much meat on `em . pig eye Marcus , point the shotgun in he face . pig this one 's fi-i-ine -- marcus raise two finger like a peace sign -- then shove they into the barrel of the shotgun . pig snort and pull the trigger -- click . marcus oops . marcus yank the gun away and toss it aside , head - butt pig , who stagger backward , blood spraying from he nose . cow point the unload handgun at Marcus -- click click . kyle and STAR get free of bull and dash for the exit , they be out of there in a flash . bull charge marcus , who dodge he , grab the man and -- --hurl he head first into the charcoal pit -- he body sizzle against the coal , he scream and writhes . cow pick up a axe with two hand and swing it at marcus who grab the handle with one hand and yank it away . cow know she 's meet she match , turn and flee , head out the way Kyle and Star go . marcus advance on pig and bull , brandish the axe . pig squirm back across the floor , wiping blood from he face . pig we do not kill `em ! I swear to God , they be dead already , we be not gonna let `em rot -- bull have scramble out of the coal pit , but be in too much pain to rise . bull go `head , take as much as you want , we be on the same side here -- ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) Marcus look ready to finish they off -- but react to cry from outside , a loud mechanical rumble . ext . service station - day a harvester -- a giant insect -like terminator -- be outside the station . many time the size of a human be , multiple arm and legs sprout from its thorax , it have multiple camera eye on long , swiveling stalk -- it carry kyle and STAR , the kid struggle frantically , catch in the harvester 's jointed steel appendage . one unblink eye scan kyle , another STAR ; the harvester produce a needle from one of its arm , inject the boy -- who instantly go limp , unconscious . it do the same to STAR . as cow emerge -- -- the harvester spring on she , with startling speed . she scream as the enormous terminator hoist she into the air with the other , inject she and begin move toward -- --a transport . this consist of container resembling a semi - trailer or wheeled dumpster , attach within a framework that feature movable engine pod and a mysterious armature at the front . a steel lid in the top of the container open hydraulically , the harvester deposit the human captive inside , and the lid slam shut . marcus have emerge from the garage , still carry the axe . he stay low , hide behind the tanker , watch as -- -- pig and bull flee through a back entrance to the garage , immediately attract the attention of -- -- the harvester , which set off in pursuit . Marcus come to a decision . he sprint into the open , toward the transport , and -- --clambers up the side , hit the thing at full speed , use a engine pod to boost himself higher . he 's still short but swing the axe and -- -- hook the axe head over the top of the container , like a grapple hook . he pull himself up and -- ( continued ) 32 . continued : -- crawl across the roof , to the lid . there 's a bar , reinforce mesh panel here , through which he can see -- angle in transport -- about twenty human prisoner , unconscious on the steel floor . among they be kyle and STAR . Star moan , open she eye briefly and see -- --marcus ' silhouette above she . her eye flutter shut again . marcus struggle to raise the seal lid , but there 's no purchase available , just a smooth seam . suddenly -- -- the transport jerk . marcus nearly lose he foot as the transport start rolling forward . he drop to he belly , see that the transport be approach -- -- the harvester , which now carry pig and bull , both unconscious . the lid open and the harvester drop the two man inside -- but its camera eye fail to register Marcus , who crouch behind the open lid . as the lid begins to close , the harvester attaches to the armature at the front of the transport , make itself a aerodynamic part of the machine . marcus thrust the head of the axe under the close lid in order to prevent it from sealing . the lid grind against it , but remain ajar . a moment later -- -- the engine pod rotate downward , FIRE and -- -- the transport lift off the ground . within moment , the airborne dumpster have rise hundred of foot in the air . ext . aerial - day marcus move to the edge , look down in astonishment at the fallow plain far below . look to the side , he see -- --a pair of hunter killer , swoop in quickly to provide a escort for the slower move transport . wind buffet Marcus , he hang on for dear life . cling to the top of the transport , he slowly make he way back toward the lid . as the transport bank , he almost lose he grasp , dangle for a moment before the craft rights itself . ( continued ) 33 . continued : marcus reach under the jamme lid and pull with all he might . this thing be really heavy , plus he 's fight the wind blast . marcus hear something behind he -- the harvester have spot he and be now pry itself loose from the armature . also buffete by the wind , it start to move gingerly down the length of the transport toward Marcus . marcus must let the lid close . he snatch up the axe , take a couple of whack at the thing , denting the metal , but do no serious damage . the harvester knock the weapon out of he hand , Marcus have no choice but to keep back away . marcus be drive to the back of the transport . struggle for handhold , he lower himself out of sight , down the framework along the side , get out of the wind . suddenly -- -- steel claw wrap around he from below , yank he downward . the harvester have crawle around the side of the transport , and under the bottom , in order to grab he . the hideous machine now hold he in its clutches , hundred of foot in the air , its camera eye fix on he . the harvester produce its needle , it 's come at he face -- but marcus frees one hand , grab the syringe , manage to hold it back , inch from he skin . his strength be weaken , but as the harvester make its final thrust -- -- he jerk the needle to one side and it bend against one of the harvester 's own steel limb . undaunted , the creature crawl up the side of the transport , Marcus still in its clutches . it move to the lid , which open . it let go of Marcus to drop he inside when -- --marcus seize two of its appendage and swing up onto the harvester 's back , where he -- --grab a couple of eye stalk , try to rip they from the harvester 's thorax , loose wire spark . the harvester twist and thrashes , it 's like he 's a rodeo rider . a limb wrap around he , start to crush he in a vise - like grip , when suddenly -- -- cannon FIRE rip through the tower harvester , blow its thorax to piece , barely missing marcus . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) a pair of a- 10 warthog -- the same colorful ground attack aircraft we see in the first battle -- roar past on either side of the transport . the crippled harvester topple off the side of the transport , still clutching marcus and -- -- catch on a engine pod , the creature and Marcus both suspend in the air . the harvester roast in the engine blast , its cpu finally die . Marcus be suspend below the engine , the steel limb release he , he have to cling to it now , to keep from fall . the hunter-killers peel out in pursuit of the two resistance plane . a dogfight ensue between the much larger , more heavily armored h - 's , and the smaller , more maneuverable warthog . cannon FIRE catch a h- k but have no effect . the h - 's ' blue plasma pulse barely miss the plane , which loop and bank . a AIR -to - AIR missile streak from a warthog and blast the engine of a h-k . a explosion , the thing start fly erratically , head downward and -- --crashing to earth in a glorious fireball . ext . aerial &amp ; river - day the plane be near a river , border by sickly tree . on the far bank , even from above , we see ominous military fortification -- concrete bunkers , anti - aircraft gun , etc . marcus meanwhile , be try to climb up the dead harvester , avoid the engine blast and find a handhold on the transport . the a - 10 that shot down the h-k come around for another pass at the transport , but -- -- anti -aircraft gun at the far side of the river let out a volley of blue plasma -fire . the burst arc toward the a - 10 , which swerve and climb , but -- -- plasma FIRE destroy a wing , the a -10 spin out of control . the other a - 10 break off its dogfight with its h- k and speed away from the river . ( continued ) 35 . continued : marcus be tantalizingly close to the upper lip of the transport , he reach out and -- -- the fried harvester suddenly dislodge from the engine pod , take Marcus with it , into freefall . with marcus , plummete downward toward earth , a hundred foot below , the transport continue on its way above , crossing the river . marcus ' Pov - the ground and treetop get closer . at the last moment , he continue forward momentum take he over the river and -- marcus and the dead harvester hit the water , hard , vanish below the surface with enormous splashes . the survive h- k and the transport continue across the river into skynet territory , vanish in the distance . camera move to find a parachute , drift earthward on the unfortify side of the river . ext . riverbank - dusk hold on lapping water for a beat . then -- --marcus break the surface , staggering toward shore , he drop to he knee in the shallow . wake appear behind he . hear the water stir , Marcus turn to see numerous dark shape move rapidly in on he , from different direction , flash of metal visible beneath the surface . this be hydrobot -- aquatic terminators -- but we do not get a good look at they ( yet ) and Marcus be not stick around . he scramble for the riverbank and make he way into the leafless tree . ext . tree - evening marcus move past the trunk of bare tree , pause , look over the water in the direction the transport take . blair ( o.s. ) yo ! up here ! ( continued ) 36 . continued : blair william , the helmete pilot who eject , hang from the tangle remain of she parachute , catch in the tree about fifteen foot in the air above Marcus . marcus move closer . Blair struggle to see through she line with a knife . blair ( cont would ) who be you -- the line suddenly SNAP , Blair fall from the tree . Marcus ' reflex be fast as ever , he 's beneath she in a instant and catch her . he hold she in he arm : marcus name 's Marcus . blair you can put I down now , Marcus . he do so . Blair pull off she helmet , she hair be short . she 's in she 20 , pretty , petite but strong , a no -nonsense , battle - harden member of the resistance . she pull a compass from she flight suit , consult it briefly as she orient herself . blair ( cont would ) I have get a elt , but I can not call for a rescue here . there 's a outpost a few mile upriver -- not my favorite people in the world , but it 's safe . let 's move . Blair be already move , Marcus hesitates , then point across the water . marcus I be head that way . blair ( a short laugh ) the hot zone ? no you be not . marcus I have get to get to my friend -- blair what friend ? ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) marcus couple of kid . they be in that fly dumpster -- blair the skynet transport ? it be carry people ? ( off he nod ) Christ , we almost shot it down . there have be rumor about a concentration camp , but ... she shake she head , gesture toward the river . blair ( cont would ) you can not get across -- river 's fulla hydrobot -- marcus hydrobot ? blair they can not see , but they have killer sonar . they will attack anything that move or make a sound . even if you get past they , you would be dead before you cover a hundred yard . if the terminator do not get you , the fallout will -- heavy rad all the way to the Gulf coast , nothing can live there . Marcus absorb this , start walk with she . marcus you be with the resistance . blair Lt. Blair Williams , I fly for what use to be the Air National Guard . she put a hand out , listen . she signal for he to lay low , behind a fall tree . nearby -- a pair of T - 1s on patrol rumble into view . they pause , scan the area , chain - gun at the ready . they start to move toward blair and marcus ' hide place . blair quickly grab a stone and , stay down , hurl it as far away as she can -- ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 3 ) the stone strike a few branch -- the T - 1s suddenly turn in that direction , gun blazing -- the wood in the immediate vicinity be tear to piece by the gunfire , small fire erupt from the incendiary bullet -- it 's definitely overkill . the T - 1s roll over to inspect the damage , out of view . blair whisper : blair ( cont would ) stupid bastard . come on . she and Marcus move away quickly , away from the tree . when they be a safe distance from the robot -- marcus I do not know ... this have gotta be some kind of , like , dream or hallucination . like what happen to people right before they die ... Blair slug he hard , in the arm . he do not flinch , but he look surprised . blair that snap you out of it ? marcus shake he head . they keep walk . blair ( cont would ) well hell , maybe you be dream . do we all a favor and wake up already . CUT to : ext . mutant forest - night the moon over a scrubby forest , tree just a few foot high . blair and marcus seem like giant as they move among they . they have be talk a while , Blair 's absorb something . blair so let I get this straight , Marcus . there you be on death row , they stick a needle in you arm ... ( more ) ( continued ) 39 . continued : blair ( cont would ) and the next thing you know , you be here . ( off he nod ) since this be not the resurrection , there 's only one possibility . marcus let 's hear it . blair whatever they pump into you vein just knock you out . this angel Project you sign up for -- there be a lotta cryogenic stuff go on before the bomb fall , they musta froze you ass . marcus what the hell for ? blair drug test , medical experiment , organ harvest , who know ? you say you have no family , no friend -- why let a body like yours go to waste ? she 's look he over as she say this , it almost sound flirtatious . Marcus change the subject . marcus I have never see tree like this . blair we be in a mutation zone . I see a two -headed squirrel here once -- marcus freaky . blair ( shrug ) tasted like chicken . blair pause , check a small geiger counter she carry -- it click a bit . blair ( cont would ) level be tolerable now , but just . we can not spend the night here . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) they start move again . Marcus pause , listen : marcus what be that ? blair I do not hear anything -- now they both hear a eerie howl , change in pitch -- like a coyote on crack . more than one pick up the chorus . blair ( cont would ) skindog . she pull a sidearm , hold it at the ready as she start run , away from the direction of the noise . Marcus keep up at she side , look behind they . with the dog we do not get a good look at they , but there 's a pack of large beast move quickly through the undergrowth , gain on the flee human . blair see they will not outrun they . she spin , fire in the direction of the approach pack . suddenly it 's quiet -- the animal fan out , form a circle around Blair and Marcus . marcus they be surround we . quick shot of mutant eye , glow in the dark -- enlarged teeth -- dark , massive form move through the brush . blair they be smart . and they do not scare easy . after a few tense beat , from the foliage -- a skindog leap at blair from behind -- it 's hideous , the size of a great dane , hairless , with veiny , wrinkle skin and long , catlike claw . before Blair can react , marcus leap between she and the dog , grab the slaver creature by the throat . it snap its elongated teeth at he , but he manage to break its neck and hurl it toward -- two more skindog move in for a attack . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 3 ) blair fire a few shot at the encroach pack , we hear a few yelp -- marcus protect she , effortlessly toss a few more skindog aside , ignore vicious bite and scratch . the other skindog turn on dead and injure pack member , begin tearing into they . there 's a open now , the two human make a run for it . blair catch she breath , look he over , seriously impressed by he strength and calm . blair ( cont would ) you save my ass . thanks . marcus shrug , turn back to see the feed frenzy . marcus Dog eat dog world . dissolve to : ext . normal forest - night it 's darker now , the moon be down . marcus and blair move gingerly -- she trip , he catch she before she fall . blair thanks . blair sigh , yawn , sit against a tree . blair ( cont would ) it 's not far , but we will never get across the mine field at night . might as well staf till morning . marcus nod , sit a few foot away from she . blair ( cont would ) c'mere , it 's cold . I do not bite . marcus slide toward she , she nestle against he . marcus staf ? what 's that mean ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : blair it 's a resistance term . sit tight and fuck . soon they be kissing passionately . but marcus pull away , roll onto he back . blair ( cont would ) you hold out for lipstick ? lingerie ? or be I not you ... type ? marcus I be not gay . in prison , I think about puss -- woman all the time . but now ... it 's not work . who know , all that year on ice ... blair maybe it 's just gonna take some time . before you be completely thaw out . she 's slip a hand inside he pocket for warmth ... now she pull out the scrap of paper , with woman 's face . she squint at this in the dark . blair ( cont would ) what be this ? marcus I dunno . they just ... sorta remind I of she . blair who ? marcus speak carefully , unsure how to articulate this . marcus there 's a woman , the last woman I see before ... when I be under , the dead time -- she keep come to I . I think she must have save I . blair I can not compete with that . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) she close she eye , settling against he , she head against he chest . Marcus stare up into the darkness . CUT to : int . transport - night darkness . we just make out kyle and STAR among the other prisoner , most of whom be awake now in the steel container . Star still wear she baseball cap . the prisoner be jostle as the transport touch down . kyle we have land . ext . loading zone - night the transport have land amongst numerous container , crane and vehicle -- all be dimly light , envelop in a vague reddish haze . the flying framework and armature detach from the transport , and take off into the air again -- leave the trailer - like wheeled container . something resembling the cab of a semi-truck back into position , latching onto attachment point on the container . int . transport - night --a SMALL panel slide OPEN at the front of the transport , and a half - dozen processing aerostat buzz inside from the cab . this be larger than the spy drone , with attach pincer that can encircle a person 's arm . prisoner duck , try to dodge this thing . but they quickly buzz from captive to captive , latching onto they arm -- we hear scream , see flash of light from the aerostat . kyle try to bat away a aerostat , but its pincer latch onto he forearm . a sizzling SOUND -- Kyle cry out with the pain , a flash of red light -- then the aerostat detach and move to its next victim . STAR get the same treatment from a different aerostat . she move to Kyle 's side , tear in she eye , suck on she burn wrist to ease the pain . ( continued ) 44 . continued : STAR what 's go to happen to we ? kyle I do not know ... kyle look grimly down at -- --a fresh bar code sear into he arm . ext . loading zone / highway - night the cab and container , now resembling a semi , pull out of the load area . digitally control , it need no headlight as it roll in the near-darkness . overhead angle as the vehicle move onto a cloverleaf access ramp lead to a high speed sunken highway , a river of fast - move traffic head in both direction -- unlit vehicle move close together at 120 mph through the reddish gloom . CUT to : ext . forest clearing - dawn close - blair and marcus 's foot trudge through low brush , step over undergrowth . camera move to find a strand of barbed wire , emerge from the dirt a few foot away . marcus pause , almost have step on a watermelon . marcus we be in somebody 's garden . blair stop walk , alarmed , a few foot away from he . blair Christ ... there 's suppose to be barb wire along the edge . marcus look around they , point . marcus over there . ( continued ) 45 . continued : a few yard away , string of barbed wire ... camera move to reveal it 's behind as well as ahead of they . they have come through a gap where the wire have fall . blair whatever you do , do not move . ( shout ) yo! morrison , barne ! can anybody hear I ?! ( to Marcus ) we be in the middle of the mine field . CUT to : int . outpost / barracks &amp ; communications area - day dark . we hear baby crying from nearby , fumbling in the dark , muttere curse -- then a match light a candle . barne , 20 - ish , good -look and cocky , yawn and sneer , annoyed at be awaken . two women share he mattress . barne somebody feed that thing ! morrison start up the generator , barne . morrison be bearded , long -haire , bleary - eye , a middle - age man in charge here . he sit up in bed , also beside a couple of women . this place have become a underground crash pad , communal live for about a dozen people -- morrison and barne the only man , four or five women and quite a few child of vary age . barne grunt , yank the blanket off he bedmate , who cry out in protest . he wrap it around himself , carry the candle as he step around other sleeping figure , make he way toward a metal staircase wind downward . moment later , we hear a gas engine start up -- light flicker on . the place be pretty grimy and run-down , but it be once a military environment . there 's a bank of tv monitor against one wall , which come to life . a couple of the women move toward the adjacent nursery area to tend to the baby -- one of they , lisa , move to the tv monitor . she squint at one . lisa we get company ! ( continued ) 46 . continued : on a screen marcus and blair in the exact position we last see they , look exhaust . they cry out , unheard . ext . forest clearing - day barne poke he head up from a conceal trapdoor thirty yard from blair and marcus , who be hoarse from shouting . barne Blair ? good to see you . ( off she glare ) what 's the password ? blair eat shit and die , barne ! barne Close enough . who 's you friend ? blair could you get we outta here please ? barne kinda dumb-ass , wander around in a mine field . blair you do not maintain the perimeter ! where be you sentries ? barne it 's too early for that military crap . barne consult a map , turn it to orient himself . barne ( cont would ) ok , if you keep walk straight you be gonna get blow all to hell ... turn to you leave and take , oh ... five step . blair and marcus obey , move cautiously . barne ( cont would ) ok , face I now . Three step . ( continued ) 47 . continued : they do as tell . barne ( cont would ) almost home . turn to you right and take another five step ... they slowly pace five step . on the fifth one , there 's a click beneath Marcus ' foot -- a horrify moment of eye contact between he and Blair -- she dive to the ground , away from he as -- boom ! marcus be throw through the air by the explosion -- marcus ' body land a few foot from the trap door . int . outpost / corridor - day frantic action -- the unconscious marcus be carry down a corridor from the open trap door by barne , morrison and a couple of woman , nancy and lisa . blair , bleed from shrapnel injury , assist . she yell at barne : blair you goddamn idiot ! barne he be takin ' bigger step ! morrison Son of a bitch be heavy . int . outpost / infirmary - day marcus be deposit gingerly on a metal table in this crude medical area . numerous infant and toddler about . jane , a doctor , move toward marcus with scissors and other medical tool , cut away a tatter pants leg , the shred of he sneaker . she stop and stare , palpate a blackened leg briefly . she look up in alarm . jane he step on a claymore ? this guy oughta be in a hundred piece ... ( continued ) 48 . continued : she take a scalpel , pull it across the charree , heat - deformed skin . it do not even leave a incision . blair what be you do ? jane do he have a prosthetic limb ? blair I do not think so . jane open Marcus ' shrapnel - tear shirt , take the scalpel and gingerly pull it across the flesh of he chest . no effect . jane this be not skin ... oh Jesus - - oh God -- jane look at morrison , back away from Marcus . jane ( cont would ) he 's a terminator . CUT to black . memory montage : quick shot -- alter , impressionistic , as before . sfx of static , high -pitch , complex digital noise . --a detach , fleshless metal framework for a robotic hand be suspend by wire -- it flext , form a fist . -- camera circle a muscular male torso , without arm , leg or head . metallic attachment point await this miss part . -- the inside of marcus ' face , a thin membrane of artificial skin with eye , nose and mouth hole , be lower through a aqueous environment toward camera . through a eyehole we see serena , face distort by the liquid . she look worried . we hear she muffled voice : serena why be not he conscious ? something 's wrong , he should be come out of it by now ... CUT to : 49 . int . outpost / launch tube - day start tight on marcus as he open he eye , a beam of bright sunlight in he face . camera pull back and rotate to reveal that he be suspend upside - down from a winch by a two - inch thick steel cable . marcus thrashes , try to free himself , then look up and see that -- -- the cable be strung through heavy steel bolt which have be drill through he calve , lock they together . his forearm have be immobilize in the same grotesque fashion . from above , the beam of sunlight shine through the narrow crack between a enormous pair of sliding steel panel . marcus twist he neck to look downward -- marcus ' Pov -- a circular pit below , the dark bottom invisible to he -- he 's hang near the top of a empty missile silo , its icbm launch year ago . at one edge of the silo pit , near scaffold and tool cart , SMALL child have gather to stare . also there be barne -- he lean back , eye close , in a fold chair , with a rpg in he lap . one of the kide tap barne ' leg and he jerk upright . he immediately train he weapon on marcus , clearly nervous now that the terminator be conscious . marcus stare at barne , deadpan , for a beat . marcus boo ! int . outpost / barracks &amp ; communications area - day close on X - ray of marcus ' torso and limb -- clearly mechanical gear , steel plate , hydraulics , etc . jane thermoplastic skin , some larger hydraulics , but mostly titanium microgear ... this look like some sort of aeration and hydration system , function unclear at this point . valve and what look like a access panel below the ribcage ... ( continued ) 50 . continued : wider , jane hold up a x-ray of he skull , which show almost nothing . jane ( cont would ) eye be polymer optic , very lifelike . lead shield all around the skull , presumably to protect the cpu . mattress have be pile to one side , we now see frame , crack and yellowing poster of military equipment -- AIR force jets , atlas rocket , etc . this be intersperse with crude children' drawing on the wall . blair sit at a batter dining table , surround by angry outpost resident , include jane and morrison . blair whatever he be -- he 's on we side -- morrison how can he be ? blair he save my life ! morrison win you trust would aid he infiltration . at the communication area by the tvs , lisa wear a headset , speak into a shortwave radio . she call to the other : lisa Regional do not know what to do . they be gonna patch we through to Command Los Angeles . nancy , a overwrought older woman , get in Blair 's face , point at the x-ray . nancy how could you bring this monster here ?! this be we home ! we child -- blair what do you want from I -- I do not know ! a kid run into the room . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) kid it 's awake ! int . outpost / launch tube - day blair be first to reach the edge of the silo , horrify at the sight of the dangle marcus . barne keep the rpg train on he , they shout over each other . marcus get I the hell down from here ! barne shut up ! I tell you to shut up ! blair leave he alone ! ( turn away from he ) Marcus , I be so sorry ... morrison and the other join they , eye fix on Marcus . barne it keep talkin ' at I . God this thing give I the creep . marcus why be you do this ? what be this place ? morrison we be try to -- nancy ( over he ) do not say anything ! it 's probably uplink to skynet . morrison put a hand on she arm . morrison then it 's already too late . ( to Marcus ) this use to be a icbm silo , we be just try to stay alive here . you turn -- where would you come from ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : marcus Corpus christi . it 's in Texas . or it be . barne ( amazed ) it sound completely human ... it really could pass . jane do not John connor say they would start building thing like this ? morrison not yet -- not for year . ( to Marcus ) so , you be program with false memory , a human history -- marcus what be you talk about ? morrison you can skip the act , we know what you be . nancy why be you even speak to it ?! barne she 's right , let 's just waste the damn thing -- nancy it will kill we all if we give it a chance -- during the above , other kide and adult in bg ad lib -- " kill it , " " goddamn robot , " etc . -- increase mob anger , until - - marcus I be a man ! his impassion cry silence the onlooker . he speak more quietly , desperately : marcus ( cont would ) even if I never be treat like one . ( more ) ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 2 ) marcus ( cont would ) Year after year after year on death row , I just want it to end ! I cut my own wrist . but they nurse I back to health , `cause that would not be fair , they need to kill I themselves . for chrissake , you all want I dead so bad -- just do it . ( a scream ) do it ! his cry echoes through the silo . the child cower behind the adult . blair be genuinely move by he plight . barne heft the rpg , look toward morrison -- " should I ? " morrison seem tear , about to give the order -- lisa rush in from the communication area , breathless , amaze by she own news : lisa Regional get through to cla -- they want we to rig a video feed . ( gesture at Marcus ) he want to see he . morrison who do ? lisa John connor . they all seem astonished -- this have go right to the top . CUT to : int . outpost / communications area - day marcus sit impatiently in a wooden chair , face a video camera and a microphone . barne train a rpg at he head while morrison finish padlocking heavy chain to the bolt in Marcus ' arm and leg -- this attach to a nearby steel post . blair stand nearby . lisa fumble nervously with the transmitter , plugging in wire . marcus so this guy be what , like king of the world , or what 's leave of it ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : morrison John connor found the resistance . when the war begin , no one even know who the enemy be -- connor teach we how to fight back . he save humanity . marcus yeah , well , humanity 's never do all that much for I . why can not I see he ? morrison nobody see he . skynet can not be allow to discover he location , even he appearance be keep secret . lisa make a connection , we hear connor' voice , the same one we hear on the car radio . connor' voice -- hello -- stand by -- lisa Sir , we can hear you , sir , work on a visual , sir ... int . command CENTER / conference area - day marcus ' face pop to life on a video monitor . we be in a spartan , windowless space , it feel like it 's underground . connor not what I expect ... JOHN connor lean into frame , study the screen . he wear a dark sweater , nothing like a uniform . connor be 40ish now , but look older , prematurely grey , year of war have take a toll . there 's a ever-present sadness in he eye . intercut with : int . outpost / communications area - day marcus listen to the disembody voice , unimpress . the other almost stand at attention . ( continued ) 55 . continued : connor' voice it do seem lifelike -- be the face able to mimic emotion --? marcus roll he eye , make a angry face at the camera . marcus this shit be ridiculous . what the hell do you want from I ? connor ( stunned ) I -- I need to know what you be . marcus so do I ! I do not know what I be , what I be do here , I do not know shit -- maybe I never do , but -- I be sick of it ! just blow my head off or let I go . connor this be not right . I can not be have a conversation with a terminator , skynet be not that sophisticated yet . unless ... be you send here from the future ? marcus ( very confuse ) what ? connor skynet 's develop a time displacement field , we have decrypt recent data transmission . ( sadly ) I know for a fact that soon machine will be travel back decade . to try and stop we from win this war before it begin ... Marcus take this in for a sober moment . marcus you be out of you mind , be not you ? this earn outrage glare from the other , but Blair stifles a smile . barne move to strike he , morrison stop he . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) connor' voice Jesus ... I have see enough . stand by for further instruction . the connection go dead . int . command CENTER / conference area - day densely mark map on a conference table . connor be now flanke by a couple of senior advisor , older military man - - along with kate brewster , late 30 , now he wife -- and visibly pregnant . she 's poring over fax of the x-ray image . ( like connor , all military personnel here favor casual dress , at most pin or patch to indicate rank . ) kate he 's not a cyborg -- no blood , no human tissue over the endoskeleton . connor besides , the first t- 800s will not be manufacture until ` 26 . advisor # 1 maybe he 's a one - off , a experiment . advisor # 2 let 's hope . if there be more out there like he , we be in serious trouble . Christ , a terminator with attitude ... kate where do they find he ? advisor # 1 east-central Texas , near a area of heavy skynet concentration . the outpost where they be hold he be reasonably secure , but it 's not much more than a commune . connor I want he extract . advisor # 1 done . what then ? connor pick up the fax , disturb by they . ( continued ) 57 . continued : connor get he to we best people for disassembly , find out what make he tick . we need to get into that metal skull , crack he cpu at all cost . the advisor nod , pick up they papers and exit . as soon as they be go , connor sit wearily in a chair , toss the X - ray and papers onto the table , he authoritative mask slip . kate touch he arm . he lean he head against she pregnant belly . connor ( cont would ) kate , why do I become leader of the resistance ? kate because people trust you ... you give they faith -- connor no . because I know I would be , I be tell . I know when and where the major battle be go to take place . I know I be go to send my own father back through time to save my mother -- even though I have not meet he yet . Christ , I even know the year I be go to die ... kate JOHN -- connor so how could I not know about this ?! he bang he fist on the table atop the paper . CUT to : int . outpost / corridor &amp ; launch tube - day marcus be march down the corridor to the launch tube , frankenstein - like , morrison hold the chain , keep a safe distance from he , while barne keep the rpg train at Marcus ' head . ( continued ) 58 . continued : Marcus shuffles awkwardly , the bolt hamper he ankle . it 's reminiscent of he death walk at film 's open . marcus feel like I be here before ... what be you gonna do to I ? morrison nothing . Los Angeles be send a chopper -- seem you be some kind of VIP . they reach the edge of the silo pit -- a long drop , smooth wall , a long metal ladder lead down into darkness . marcus pause by the ladder , hold up he bolt arm questioningly -- " now what ? " at a look from morrison , he and barne body - check marcus at once , send he fly over the edge -- marcus fall the thirty foot or so , strike the concrete floor of the launch tube with a sicken thud , the chain clatter down around he . marcus be stunne , barely conscious as the ladder be pulled upward . it 's like the bottom of a well , twenty foot in diameter , sheer concrete wall , the floor blackened from a rocket blast . angle up - he captor look down at he for a moment , then move out of view . CUT to : int . transport - night camera move past the prisoner , a couple dozen total ... a hispanic couple huddle against one wall , whisper to each other in spanish ... cow rock in despair , head in she hand , bull and pig mutter to each other nearby ... a older woman pray , go through rosary bead ... find STAR and kyle . she 's watch as kyle use he pocket knife to carve a image in the wall of the transport . he look up . kyle we be stop . ( continued ) 59 . continued : the back panel roll upward . control robot -- reminiscent of the tread T - 1s but without the heavy weaponry -- flank a path from the rear of the transport towards bright light up a ramp a short distance away . the prisoner instinctively move away from the robot , move to the front of the container ... until zzzap ! blue ENERGY crackle across the floor . the prisoner cry out in pain at the electrify surface , and dash toward the open at the rear , leaping out of the container . low angle , as the prisoner run by , we hold a moment on Kyle 's graffiti - - it 's the stick figure image of kyle and STAR we see before , they both hold hand with a larger stick figure who stand between they , mean to be marcus . int . underground garage - night the container have stop in a large subterranean space . there be numerous futuristic vehicle here -- hydrogen car , three - wheeled atvs , electric buse . control ` bot close to the container start to close in on the huddle prisoner . a robot bump into bull , send another jolt of electricity through he body , like a cattle prod . everyone get the picture , start hurry down the line , the robot close around they . cow look around nervously , clearly freaking out . spot a gap between the robot , she bolt -- --a robot swivel and cut her down with a ENERGY blast . she lie still , smoke rise from she body . the other prisoner pick up the pace . STAR I be scared . kyle ( hugging she ) whatever happen , we stick together . the light emanate from frosted window at the top of the ramp , through which we make out the silhouettes of human figure . ( continued ) 60 . continued : glass door part ahead of the prisoner -- a stark white , sterile environment beyond . the robot stop here . the prisoner disappear inside ... and the door close . CUT to : int . outpost / launch tube - night barne remain on guard duty with the rpg , propped up on some cushion , a lantern by he side -- it 's pretty late , the generator 's shut down . he 's read a old , yellow comic book , he have a small stack at he side . marcus ' voice echoe up from below , startling he . marcus hello ? anyone there ? ( beat ) I be thirsty . barne ( snickering ) want some motor oil ? marcus I need water . barne bullshit . machine do not drink . marcus please , I be -- barne shut up , robot ! barne return to he read . he react to footstep from the long corridor into the live area behind he . blair approach with a flashlight , she manner conciliatory . blair how 's it go , barne ? think you might like a late- night snack . she pull a crumpled plastic package out of a pocket of she flight suit -- ancient hostess snack cake . barne ' eye light up as he put the rpg aside and grab it . ( continued ) 61 . continued : barne where in hell would you get this ? blair we get a stash back at the base . barne tear open the package hungrily , take a bite . he grin , but as he chew , he expression darken . barne kinda stale . blair you need something to wash it down . from another pocket , she produce a plastic water bottle fill with a murky gray liquid . barne I be on duty , you know . so say , he take the bottle , unscrew the cap and take a long pull . it 's powerful hootch , he gasp for air , pass she the bottle as she sit beside he . she do not drink . barne ( cont would ) twinkies and moonshine . you try to seduce I again ? blair you know I always like you , barne . I just do not want to join the harem . barne what can I say ? it 's we duty to repopulate the planet . blair Noble of you to make the sacrifice . barne c'mere . he pull she close to he for a kiss . after a moment , she pull away and move to the corridor entrance . there 's a large sliding steel door here . blair I prefer a little privacy . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) with some effort , she pull the door close . barne rise with a grin , undoing he shirt , come close to she . he 's already unsteady on he foot . barne you be so twentieth century ... he put he arm around she for a full body embrace -- barne ( cont would ) admit it , I be the best you ever have ... his word be slurring . he slide to the floor , slowly lose he grip . he roll onto he back with a drugge - out expression of bliss on he unconscious face . blair Men . you be all talk . in the bottom of the pit marcus lean against the wall in the dark , roll out of the way as the ladder drop . blair descend quickly , the flashlight in she belt , a battery blade saw in one hand . she set the flashlight on the ground and move to he side -- blair ( cont would ) I use up the last of my valium for you ... hold out you arm . he do , she fire up the saw , move it carefully to the bolt join he forearm . SPARKS fly from the buz blade as it dig into the metal -- it 's go to take some time . marcus why be you do this ? blair I do not believe you be a terminator . marcus so what be I ...? blair whatever you be -- I owe you one . once you be free , I will lie down next to barne - - they will assume you escape while we be pass out -- ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 3 ) marcus you think they will buy that ? blair Worth a shot . ( look at he ) Marcus , Command want to take you apart , cut open you head . one thing I know , you be alive - - and you have get a right to live . the buz saw blade sound - bridge to : ext . forest clearing - night the whir of chopper blade . a spotlight shine over the low growth in the minefield as a blackhawk helicopter circle , come in for a landing . weapon rack be jury - rig beside the spotlight , the chopper bristle with automate cannon , missile and napalm tank . the spotlight pick out the concrete and steel cap of the launch tube . int . outpost / launch tube - night the saw finish cut the bolt between Marcus ' leg ; he arm be already free . the buz cut out , but now they hear the chopper landing directly overhead . blair they be already here for you -- marcus slide the bolt out of he leg , freeing himself from the chain . blair ( cont would ) hide in the forest , then aim west for open country -- marcus I be head across the river . blair no human be can survive there -- ( continued ) 64 . continued : marcus I be not human , remember ? blair you be gonna try and save that kid . marcus it 's the only thing I can think of that make any sense ... blair Marcus , for all you know , they be dead already -- marcus for all I know , they be the reason I be back from the dead . blair study he a moment , no change he mind . but she admire he . she start up the ladder , marcus follow . barne be still pass out as blair and marcus ascend to the platform around the pit . they move to the slide door -- blair start to open it , but see a light and hear voice and footstep at the far end , slide it shut again . blair damn it , we be too late -- marcus where 's that go ? marcus point to a large ventilation fan behind steel grating , eight foot above they , on the far side of the pit . it 's not run , but there 's no way to get through it . blair should lead out , but there 's no way past the fan -- marcus be already pick up the rpg -- but he point it backwards , have no idea how to shoot it -- blair grin , grab the rpg from he -- then brace herself , take aim and fire -- kaboom ! the explosion rip OPEN the grate , destroy the fan . 65 . int . outpost / corridor - night morrison escort a pair of powerful uniformed soldier armed with high - tech rifle with explosive shell -- they react to the explosion beyond the close door - - and break into a run , the soldier readying they weapon . int . outpost / launch tube - night marcus and blair have move around the narrow walkway to the far end of the pit , beneath the smoking hole . Blair think of something , pull a small device from she flight suit , the size of a pack of cigarettes , hold it toward Marcus . blair here . my elt -- emergency locator transmitter . if you find the camp , activate it like this . it could really help the resistance . she indicate a button . marcus take the device -- -- then grab she , kiss her hard on the mouth -- she 's startle -- it feel very human . marcus thank you . marcus grab the sharp , still smoking steel project from the hole and pull himself upward as -- the door slide OPEN and the soldier open FIRE at marcus -- blair hit the deck as explosive shell tear hole in the concrete -- -- shrapnel hit marcus in the back , he 's throw into the ventilation shaft -- int . ventilation shaft - night marcus have a chunk of rebar lodge in he leave shoulder , but he do not even notice this yet . he pick himself up and move quickly in the darkness , crouching in this cramped tube . there 's a turn up ahead , he just make it as -- a explosive shell rocket through the shaft behind he -- ( continued ) 66 . continued : boom ! the blast tear through the metal tube , dirt pour in , block the tunnel from he pursuer . ext . forest clearing - night near the edge of the clear , a low steel vent with a peak cap . dent appear in it from within - - marcus finally punch he way out , pull himself up and roll onto the dirt -- for a moment he seem safe , lay low in the grass . then -- -- he register the rebar in he shoulder . it go right through he , emerge from he chest . Marcus be stunne . with some effort , he yank out the rebar and toss it aside . torn metal of he steel endoskeleton be now expose , along with a glimpse of circuitry . Marcus reel , put a hand over the hole in he chest where a heart should be ; he really be not human . he do not have much time to deal with this as -- -- the chopper emerge from behind the treeline , the spotlight pick he out and automatic FIRE erupt -- marcus run a few yard and throw himself to the ground as -- gunfire strafe around and ahead of he -- set off several mine which send up cloud of dirt . marcus pick himself up and run for the tree , leaping over the barb wire . ext . forest - night more gunfire rip apart the tree around Marcus as he sprint and weave , make he way toward the river . the spotlight pick he up and lose he again -- it 's tough for the chopper to get a clear shot at he here . ext . riverbank - night marcus have reach the edge of the tree , he can see the river just beyond . he start to move for it , when -- --fwoom ! the forest around he erupt into flame , the chopper have laid napalm along the river 's edge . ( continued ) 67 . continued : marcus reel from the intense heat , bat out flame on he clothes , but he skin remain undamage . realizing he can keep on move -- --marcus dash through the dense FIRE to -- ext . river - dawn -- the river , where the sky be just start to lighten . marcus splashes into the shallow , extinguish the flame . he fill he hand with water and suck it down gratefully . angle on the water - a glimmer of metal below the surface , head for the source of the splash . suddenly -- -- the blackhawk chopper drop down directly in front of Marcus , hover a few foot above the water , the gunner point he weapon directly at Marcus ( he 's one of the two soldier we see before ) . the blade wash swirl the water in a whirlpool and beat back the FIRE behind Marcus . as the gunner open FIRE -- --marcus dive below the surface , bullet zinging through the murky water . underwater - marcus be winge by a couple of shot , he thermoplastic flesh get tear apart -- with the gunner - he pause a moment , squinting into the water for a glimpse of Marcus , but fail to register that -- -- below the chopper , right beneath he , the water roil as if teeming with piranha . suddenly -- --hydrobots erupt from the river with a hideous buz SOUND . hydrobot resemble segment serpent , eyeless , but with razor - sharp head that drill into they victim -- they respond to sound and vibration . about a dozen of this four - foot long , glisten steel snake shoot from the water to attack the chopper . inside the chopper - hydrobot pierce the aluminum floor , and shoot into the cabin , the pilot and the two soldier cry out . the gunner tumble out of the chopper and fall in the water . the pilot attempt to maintain control , but the hydraulics be damage and the steel serpent thrash about in the cabin . ( continued ) 68 . continued : the gunner surface , try frantically to swim to shore . but the hydrobot be upon he , he shriek and disappear beneath the bubbling surface , which now boil with blood . in the chopper - a whirring hydrobot penetrate the other soldier 's leg . he scream and wrench the thing back out , toss it from the chopper just before -- -- the chopper crash into the shallows . the pilot leap from the cabin and make it to shore , where he collapse . but the remain , wounded soldier can not get out of the hip - deep water before the hydrobot be upon he . suddenly , hand burst from the water , grab the soldier . a second later , marcus surface , slinging the man over he shoulder . he stride to shore , as if rescue the man from enemy fire , hydrobot thrashing and bubbling at he waist . marcus reach the amaze pilot , lay the wounded soldier down beside he , then tear a whirring , writhe hydrobot from the soldier 's belly and whip its head against a rock -- it SPARKS , micro-machine part fly . the pilot and wounded soldier stare at he , astonished . marcus do not mention it . he toss the dead robo-snake aside , then turn and move back into the water , quickly vanish below the surface . underwater - marcus move steadily across the silty river bottom . he do not need air . hydrobot come at he , he swat they away as if they be mosquito , crushing in he hand that that linger too long . that which make contact with he artificial skin can not get far , turn and swim off . ext . far riverbank - day marcus emerge , the flame still visible on the other side of the river , behind he . he do not look back , as he move into skynet turf . this side of the river be not wood , everything have a concrete , industrial feel . Marcus be a mess , both clothing and skin be shred and char . he nearly bump into a skeletal steel terminator , which emerge from behind a concrete wall . the terminator train its plasma rifle on marcus , scan he , red eye glow ... ( continued ) 69 . continued : terminator be Pov - red filter , marcus ' form be targeted . read -out on the side , the highlighted word " non - organic - do not terminate . " the terminator turn from marcus , no longer interested , move off on its preprogrammed patrol . marcus move up a sloping , concrete embankment . at the top of the rise , he see , spread out before he -- ext . skynet territory - day --a hideous industrial sprawl , OPEN gas flame , smoking factories , rumbling vehicle , h - 's , terminator troops on patrol . nothing green , a grey haze hang over the landscape . after a moment , marcus shake he head and gamely soldier on , move along the edge of the elevate embankment . ext . skynet periphery - day marcus move past bank of anti - aircraft gun and missile launchers , intersperse with slowly rotate radar tracking dish -- the first line of defense . from this fortress - like wall he descend into the nightmarish environment beyond . marcus react to a cawing SOUND above , look up to see -- --a crow perching on a overhead wire . a second later -- zap ! a blue plasma pulse blast the thing to smithereen , a few black feather drift down as -- --a t-400 ( same mask - like face we see earlier ) lower its plasma weapon and stroll on . target practice . marcus stay out of the way of the terminator legion patrol near the riverside . ext . demolition site - day marcus head inland , past the ruin of a church -- wall with the remain of stain glass window , statue of saint . hear rumbling noise , Marcus hurry out of the way as -- ( continued ) 70 . continued : a wall collapse , push down by a automated skynet bulldozer . this gigantic , self - operate construction machine have a swivelling camera head instead of a cab . its giant tread roll over the stone statue , crush they to dust . ext . construction site - day marcus keep move into skynet 's turf . the demolition give way to massive construction , as the robot remake the human world in they own image . construction robot erect a low - sling steel frame structure , automated crane and supply truck about . this robot be oversize version of the steel terminator we know , but with multiple limb bear welding tool , and tread instead of leg . Marcus watch as beam be quickly weld into place by telescoping steel arm . ext . skynet STREET - day marcus continue into the complete robot city . skynet 's architecture be featureless , bland , purely practical : single - story , windowless concrete or steel structure with massive open doorway to accommodate they large machine . a red glow emanate from the interior , the robot ' prefer lighting scheme . no sidewalk or sign , just thick grids of power line and pipe overhead . constant noise of buz power , rattling machine , etc . marcus step inside one of this building -- int . terminator factory - day this terminator assembly plant be a intricate , multi-level clockwork maze of move conveyor and industrial robotics . electronics and hydraulics be robotically solder in place . steel presses stamp out terminator part -- torso , face plate , spinal column , limb . partially - complete part be move by conveyor to assembly station , where limb and head be joined to torso , elaborate operation carry out by industrial robot , like the one in present - day factory . ( continued ) 71 . continued : synthetic skin be spraye over a metal endoskeleton in precise amount , building up to create human feature ... this be a t-400 . a industrial robot arm pick up a cpu from a dry-ice container . the cpu feature the distinctive , link rectangle familiar from the earlier film . the arm lift this gingerly to a terminator skeleton and insert it into the steel skull , screwing a seal over the hole . the red eye flicker to life , and the armature release the terminator , which move away under its own power . it remove a plasma weapon from a wall rack , move past -- -- the dumbfounded marcus . the terminator join a dozen identical robot , who ride on a tread skynet tank with a plasma cannon and flamethrower . there be numerous tank here , await deployment . ext . skynet STREET - day rounding a corner on a straight , narrow street , marcus see all the robot and SMALL vehicle clear into small niches build into the wall on either side , as if clear a path for he . it take he a moment to realize it 's not he they be respond to -- a rumble build ... a convoy of gigantic skynet truck -- a half - dozen modify semis now drive by cpus -- bear down on marcus at extremely high speed . they carry construction supplies : massive steel beam , concrete pipe , etc . and there 's barely inch of clearance on either side . this thing be not slow down . there 's nowhere for Marcus to duck out of the way . he have no choice but to run , as fast as he can , the lead vehicle gain on he rapidly . marcus throws himself to the concrete in the middle of the street , press he body flat as the lead truck pass over he , the wheel miss he by inch . but he have only a moment 's respite . the next truck have a lower undercarriage , a steel crossmember catch he back -- -- and drag marcus beneath the vehicle , rip off chunks of flesh . ( continued ) 72 . continued : Marcus cry out , crawl ahead and cling to a forward portion of the undercarriage , keep himself just above the pavement . his left leg , twisted and damage , still drag on the asphalt , throw up SPARKS . overhead angle on the truck - camera pull back straight above the moving vehicle , amidst the convoy speed down this sink artery . camera keep moving upward to reveal a aerial view of skynet 's city . see from above , the rectilinear structure , criss - crossing power line and speed vehicle strongly resemble a pulsing circuit board . CUT to : int . command CENTER / corridor - day JOHN connor move grimly down a narrow , steel passageway , footstep echoing . he reach the mp , outside the door . connor I need to talk to the prisoner . the mp look a little surprised , but say nothing . he undoe the latch on the door and open it for connor . int . command CENTER /interrogation cell - day a bare , windowless space with only a cot , a metal chair and a bedpan . blair look up , bleary - eye , exhaust and scared . connor gesture for the mp to close the door behind he . connor Lieutenant Williams . I be sorry about the way you have be treat , but we be force to take every precaution . I be John connor . Blair 's mighty impressed , in spite of the circumstance . she leap to she foot , stand at attention and salute . blair sir. connor at ease . please , sit . ( continued ) 73 . continued : connor pull up the chair , close to Blair , who sit on the bed . his tone be careful , control . connor ( cont would ) I have go over you record , lieutenant . you be a good soldier , fly a lot of mission ... ( beat ) why in God 's name would you help a terminator escape ? blair Sir - - he be not a terminator . he 's human . connor we know he 's cross into skynet territory , why would he do that if he be not -- blair he 's try to find he friend . connor what friend ? blair a couple of kid . they be take in a skynet transport , probably to some kind of prison camp -- he say they name be Star and Kyle . connor blink at this , alert . connor Kyle . Blair pick up on he interest , but do not understand it . blair mm ... Kyle something . with a `r. ' connor reese . blair that 's it . how do you ...? ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 2 ) connor be already on he foot , banging on the door -- the mp unlatch it to let he out -- int . command CENTER / corridor - day partway down the hallway , connor encounter kate , who walk with he , take in he expression . kate what be it , John ? connor I always know I would have to find he someday . I just do not know how . kate what ? find who ? connor my father . CUT to : int . laboratory - day start close on kyle's hand , clutching STAR be tightly . we hear they singing faintly , together : kyle and STAR twinkle , twinkle , little star ... wider , they head , foot and chest be clamp onto sliding trays , a long row of this hold other prisoner as well . Kyle and Star must reach across a gap between the trays to hold hand . ( it 's the first time we have see she hatless . ) the trays be all poise before panel - cover semi - circular opening build into the wall , in a sterile , hospital - like environment . above each open be a monitor screen . a ominous hum be building . in a adjacent operating theater , visible through glass wall , medical lasers mount on robotic arm work on anesthetize patient ( we need not see the grisly detail ) . behind STAR and kyle , the panel OPEN , the trays slowly slide into the opening . scream and sob from other prisoner . ( continued ) 75 . continued : STAR oh no , oh no ... kyle shh , keep sing . Kyle and Star hold hand for as long as possible , then release they grip as they body enter the chamber and the panel slide shut . int . star' testing chamber - day immobilize in this small , tubular chamber , like a mri , STAR close she eye as she 's bath in bright light , laser grids project over she skull . the humming be louder . STAR up above the world so high , like a diamond in the sky ... int . kyle's testing chamber - day the same thing be happen to Kyle . he 's no longer sing . kyle stop it stop it stop it ! CUT to : ext . skynet highway - day with marcus beneath the truck . he 's move to the edge of the chassis , near a wheel , move slowly , carefully . there 's a bit more clearance at the side of the sink highway now , but they be still move awfully fast . the wheel turn , the vehicle suddenly slow to negotiate a turn , brake downhill . Marcus seize this opportunity . another angle as marcus launch himself from below the vehicle , roll into the gap between the convoy and the concrete wall . the remain vehicle rumble past , as marcus press himself against the wall . ( continued ) 76 . continued : when they be go , he get to he foot , limping down the highway on foot for a short distance , drag he damage leg behind he . he hear another convoy approach . just in time , he find a seam in the pour concrete , it 's enough to give he purchase -- he struggle to climb up the eight foot of freeway wall . marcus make it over the top , truck rumbling past below . this be desolate , hilly country . angle down - among the vehicle below be a container , like the one that hold Kyle and Star . we glimpse the anguish face and reaching hand of captive within . marcus react , move as fast as he can alongside the truck for a short distance until - - the vehicle shoot ahead around a curve and out of sight . in the distance be a complex of building , clearly the destination . Marcus begin move along the edge of the freeway , head for the complex . he reach the edge of a plateau , look down , he expression change . this be the last thing he expect to see . camera move to reveal -- ext . coastal valley - day --a panoramic view of a gorgeous coastal community . the place be lush , green , with well - maintain , lovely home in the distance , a blue sea beyond . the complex of building stand a few mile away , at the far end of the valley . marcus , amaze , limp down a gentle slope lead to this seem paradise . ext . golf course - day marcus emerge from a small stand of tree and find himself look at a groom fairway . Marcus hear a noise nearby -- --a golf ball bounce on the ground not far away . marcus turn in the direction it come from . ( continued ) 77 . continued : a electric golf cart approach , drive by a handsome , middle - age golfer -- jeremy -- who wear casual country club attire , eat from a clear bag of trail mix . Jeremy come to a stop beside Marcus . jeremy be you all right ? Marcus slowly shake he head , as Jeremy climb out of the cart , look he over carefully , take in the expose metal at he shoulder and leg . marcus what the hell be this ? jeremy you look like you have be hit by a truck -- marcus among other thing . look , I be try to find some friend -- a couple of kid . they be take here , I see some building -- jeremy eye he , a little surprised at he ignorance . jeremy the facility , sure . hop in , I will take you there . Marcus hesitates a beat , can he trust this guy ? but Jeremy simply seem eager to help , as he guide he to the passenger seat , then get behind the wheel . with a smile : jeremy ( cont would ) this round be gonna blow my handicap anyway . I be Jeremy . he extend a hand . after a beat , Marcus reach toward it -- marcus Marcus . Jeremy clutches Marcus ' hand tightly . Marcus blink , Jeremy cock he head , then let go . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) jeremy I can not connect with you at all ... you interface must have be damage . do not worry , soon they will have you as good as new . with that , he hit the gas . ext . residential STREET - evening jeremy drive the cart down the road , past well - keep home with generous lawn -- it 's a beautiful , upscale community at magic hour . bicyclist and futuristic car pass , Jeremy wave to neighbor . Marcus take it all in with disbelief . marcus I do not think there be -- anything like this leave ... anywhere . jeremy yes . we be very lucky . want some ? he hold the plastic bag out to Marcus , who obligingly take a handful of trail mix , pop it in he mouth . after a beat , he spit it back out in he hand , stare at it . marcus this be not food . jeremy well , of course not . seem you get a little memory loss go on . Marcus stare at he , confuse . Jeremy be start to realize just how out of it he be , speak as if to a child . jeremy ( cont would ) it 's a foam resin . it can taste like anything you want it to -- but of course , we do not really need to eat . ( beat ) we brain be power by fuel cell , remember ? Marcus just stare , Jeremy gesture at the world around they . ( continued ) 79 . continued : jeremy ( cont would ) we be in a transitional phase . most of we need the comfort of the familiar a little while longer -- food , shelter , sex . until we forget the old life . as he speak , he notice he bag be nearly empty . he casually lift he sport shirt and click OPEN a panel beneath he rib cage . we glimpse circuit , fiber-optics . jeremy ( cont would ) eat -- well , chew -- it 's one of the hardest habit to break ... but before long , none of this will be necessary . we will not even need this body . from within he remove a identical bag filled with trail mix ( the stuff he just eat ) , and replace it with the empty bag . he click the panel shut again , pop a nut in he mouth . Marcus stare at this , appal , then blink and look away . he react to the sound of piano music , a difficult piece be play expertly -- passing a picture window , he see a pianist practice . in front of this home , a gardener and window washer be hard at work . they be both t-400s , with the eerie mask - like face . Marcus react . marcus terminator ! Jeremy wince , as if at a racial epithet . he 's start to regret give Marcus a lift , he manner be careful , as if he would pick up some homeless guy . jeremy we do not call they that here . Marcus grab Jeremy , who pull back a bit , alarmed . marcus what be you ? jeremy a hybrid . the same as you . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) marcus a hybrid -- human and machine ? jeremy of course . that 's what this community be for -- people like we . marcus Jesus ... why ? jeremy you should be grateful to have be choose . marcus what about the one who be not ? jeremy you mean like Janet and the kid . for a moment , Jeremy 's expression darken . then he shut he eye , and he feature relax . marcus you family . you lose they ? Jeremy nod and smile , look at he once more . marcus ( cont would ) why be you smile ? jeremy ` Cause I feel good . the interface recognize negative emotion -- rage , grief , despair - - and stimulate positive endorphin in response . thank God , life would be pretty unbearable otherwise , do not you think ? ext . park - dusk they have leave the main street now , drive down a wooded path lead to the " facility . " there be lawn , fountain , etc . Marcus slam on the brake , then clutches Jeremy by the throat -- the man look more annoyed than frighten . ( continued ) 81 . continued : marcus tell I everything . how do you people get here ? jeremy most of we work at NASA or darpa . I be a engineer on Project angel -- Marcus drag the man from the cart by he throat , squeezing harder . marcus angel -- what be it ? jeremy Advanced nexus of genetic and Electronic life-form ... a-n-g-e -l. you can stop choke I , it 's not like I need to breathe . Marcus release he , but remain in he face . Jeremy take a moment to recover he composure . jeremy ( cont would ) we replace the body 's hydrocarbon with plastinate compound while maintain cellular structure -- analog neural impulse be convert to wireless digital signal , control the micro-tech chassis - - marcus English ! jeremy ( sigh , slowly ) the goal be a superior support system for the human brain -- to go anywhere , do anything -- explore deep space , the bottom of the sea . I specialize in optic . he tap he own eye with a audible click , not flinching . Marcus take a couple step away , look at he own hand . Jeremy point to nearby building , a little peevish . ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) jeremy ( cont would ) the facility be just ahead . I will let they know you be come . so say , he 's back in the cart , pull away in a hurry . a moment later , Marcus move off amongst the tree . near the complex , Marcus react to birdsong above . he look up , stop as he see -- --a tiny speaker , conceal amongst the leave . marcus move to this tree , touch it -- the bark feel unnatural . he rap it with he fist -- it sound hollow , make of fiberglas . he finger a leaf , try to bend it -- plastic . he crouch , study the grass . after a moment , he find a seam in the pristine lawn . he start to peel it up ... it 's astroturf . beneath it be sandy dirt . Marcus keep peeling the plastic cover back ... more dirt -- and bit of bone . as he continue to uncover the ground we see recognizable chunks of skull , legbone , etc . by now he 's roll back a few square yard , numb with horror . Marcus move on toward the complex with new determination , try to stay out of sight . CUT to : int . laboratory - night on the monitor above the long row of chamber -- colorful 3-d image of the prisoner 's brain be be construct , like pet scan . dense digital read -out below , as data be analyze . ( level of seratonin , endorphin , etc . ) beside this be barcode and small inset photo take within the chamber , the subject look frighten . in the operating theater , the lasers be still now , they grisly work do for the moment , await the next batch . a engineer , a nice - look , well - build young man in loose black clothing , move down the row of chamber , study result . he speak into a subtle head - set : ( continued ) 83 . continued : engineer 32578 - acceptable . 32579 - no , insufficient neural capacity . 32580 - eh , this one should not have even be bring here ... as he speak , the barcode on the monitor in question turn either red or GREEN in response to he judgment . he reach kyle's chamber , we see Kyle 's anguish face on the monitor photograph . engineer ( cont would ) 32581 look good ... Kyle get a GREEN barcode , the engineer be on to Star , he stroke he chin . engineer ( cont would ) 32582 ... hm , borderline . May not be emotionally compatible . pass . on star' monitor -- red barcode . the engineer kick something on the floor , bend down to pick it up -- star' baseball cap . he fling it expertly into -- -- a nearby trash receptacle . CUT to : ext . office park facility - night a series of low - rise building , attractively lit , surround by lawn , tree and water feature . a human transport head down a ramp into a parking structure ; a gate close . find marcus , watch this from behind some plastic foliage . he set he jaw , remove something from he pocket , fiddle with it and place it carefully in the bush . he move on . near a entrance , he hear a familiar voice from nearby . serena Marcus ! ( continued ) 84 . continued : a backlit figure approach -- as she face enter the light , we see that it 's serena , look healthy , beautiful . Marcus stare at she coldly . serena ( cont would ) Marcus ... it be you . you be alive , you find we . welcome to paradise . marcus ( disgust ) it 's a graveyard . serena take in he anger , adopt a regretful tone . serena there be no choice -- the old civilization have to be eliminate . to make way for a new world ... a world without death or suffer . serena put she arm around he . he do not return the embrace , but he do not resist she . serena ( cont would ) you be the first ... I be sorry . so say , she press a small , taser - like device at the base of he skull -- zap ! marcus spasm and go limp in she arm . serena let he down gently on the ground . serena ( cont would ) we should never have leave you behind . a pair of t-400s now approach from the shadow . they pick up Marcus and carry he toward the building . camera move to find , hide in the bush where Marcus place it -- -- the elt , the emergency beacon blaire give he ... activate now , a single GREEN light pulse . CUT to : int . sleeping cabin - night darkness , then a knock and a door fly OPEN . JOHN connor sit up in bed . kate blink beside he . ( continued ) 85 . continued : aide Sir , I be sorry to disturb you , but you say you want to know immediately -- connor what be it ? aide we find we terminator . int . command CENTER - night connor and kate , hastily dress , cross through the command center we have see before , and step through a hatchway into -- int . submarine / bridge - night --a massive control area for a huge submarine . sonar and radar station , a crew of naval personnel , most do not wear uniform . this sub be where connor have be the whole time . the aide lead connor to a gps tracking terminal , where naval and AIR force officer hover . AIR force officer the signal 's come from near what use to be Galveston , right on the coast . naval officer there can not be any prisoner there . the whole area 's a nuclear wasteland -- only machine can survive the radiation level for any length of time . connor mobilize a combine air and naval assault , all available resource . we be send in a rescue team asap . the officer raise ad lib objection ( " but sir - - " ) . connor raise a hand to silence they and move a few step away , beside kate . they speak in hushed tone : kate all to find one teenage boy ...? John , you really think this can work ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : connor I be stand here , I exist -- so it must have work . we will find he . he turn back to the other , hold they gaze . connor ( cont would ) call it a act of faith . ext . underwater - night we see now that connor 's on board a nuclear attack sub , with two more sub move in tandem behind it . hold on the lead sub and move in on the stencilled name as it pass camera : " los angele ssn - 688 . " dissolve to : int . repair lab - day start on marcus ' damaged leg . it have be detached from he body , halfway down the thigh . elaborate circuit be expose , as surgical machine perform repair with lasers , mechanical arm replace damage part . nearby , marcus open he eye , come to . he 's clamped onto a elaborate , mobile surgical table , the stump expose . his body and head be secure within its framework . more machine swiftly repair the damage to he chest and shoulder . marcus twitches , freaking out , struggle in he bond -- the detached leg twitches as well . serena calm down , Marcus . it 's all right . serena be on the other side of a glass panel , operate computer control . this be a automated surgical environment , the work on Marcus carry out by various machine and microtools -- busy hydraulic arm , lasers , etc . marcus like fuck it be . I be sick of be you guinea pig , what be you do to I now ?! ( continued ) 87 . continued : serena repairing you . marcus you all work for skynet ! serena please . skynet work for we . it 's only a program - - a tool , a mean to a end . marcus the end of the world . serena its sole purpose be to protect humanity . marcus let out a horrify , bitter laugh . serena ( cont would ) listen to I . skynet be design to detect threat , make projection and implement solution . as soon as it come on line , it factore in war , disease , environmental destruction -- and calculate a high probability of total human extinction within two hundred year . the human race be doom ... unless we be transformed . the surgical table swivel , bring marcus into alignment with the repair leg . in moment it 's reattach , the plastic skin thermosealed at the joint . marcus into -- this ? a brain in a box ? serena skynet have access to the entire defense web -- include Project angel . it determine hybrid be the only path to salvation . marcus destroy the human race in order to save it . the laser tool and hydraulic arm now move on they ceiling rack , come close to marcus ' face . the table invert , expose the back of he head . ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 2 ) marcus ( cont would ) what be you do ? serena when the resistance attack we installation , we be force to self - destruct . we would have take you with we , but we think you be in a permanent coma ... the lasers start cut into the back of Marcus ' head , burning through the plastic skin . marcus let out a cry of rage , strain at he bond . serena ( cont would ) you interface be never install . close as the hydraulic arm attaches to the back of Marcus ' head and remove a section of steel skull ... revealing the surface of a human brain , gray matter enmesh in wire and circuitry beneath a clear plastic casing , in a bath of pale reddish liquid . tiny neural SPARKS fire . marcus no , stop ... I do not want it ! you be dead inside , all of you ! serena we be immortal . no sane person would choose to live in pain , forever . soon you will understand . close as a elaborate electronic interface module be fix at the base of Marcus ' expose brain . on marcus ' face - he expression of agony vanish , he feature become peaceful . dissolve to : ext . office park facility - night marcus be dress in fresh clothes , he damage repair -- and he seem more at ease than we have yet see he . he walk beside serena , who wear a small earpiece , a high - tech cellphone device . they smile as they pass other hybrid on the late shift . ( continued ) 89 . continued : serena how be you feel , Marcus ? marcus I be not sure I know how to describe it . serena it 's call happiness . you have be angry all you life . you do not know what it 's like to feel ... a part of something . she clasp he hand in both of hers . marcus close he eye , a jolt of pleasure shoot through he . spfx montage flying Pov , through bank of cloud , rich color in the sky , glint golden light -- rocket downward to a pristine coastline , some place like Hawaii -- plunge into the water -- rise and come face to face with serena , smiling ... move in for a kiss ... camera irise OPEN to white ... ext . office park - night serena release Marcus ' hand . he open he eye slowly , reeling from the intense moment . camera reveal a subtle bulge at the base of he skull , the implant interface . serena pure ecstasy ... we can share in it together . marcus when I be a kid my grandmother would go on about heaven ... it always sound so boring . serena be you bored just now ? Marcus shake he head -- far from it . serena laugh . ( continued ) 90 . continued : serena ( cont would ) that sensation be always there for you , whenever you desire . but most of we here be scientist ... we great joy be use we mind to explore , to discover ... I will show you . she lead he up step into one of the building . int . corridor - night camera track past glass window , we glimpse artificial skin grow on a steel terminator skeleton ... a prototype t-800 , perhaps with a strong resemblance to Arnold . elsewhere engineer observe a shimmering column of liquid metal , twist and assume different shape within a seal glass container . with marcus and serena , move past this observation area . serena nanotechnology , polymimetic metal ... work with skynet , we be make amazing breakthroughs , well beyond anything possible before judgment Day . int . time displacement chamber - night start on a glow time sphere , just a vague , translucent blue ball right now , dwarf by the machinery which sustain it . the sphere be set into a dome - shape depression in the floor . there 's a distinctive , loud hum . a physicist here at a terminal . he nod toward -- -- serena and marcus as they enter . serena we have already freed ourselves from biological limit ... soon we will transcend the law of physics . serena gesture at a large digital display of a 24 - hour clock : the date , 10.16.18 , 00:25 , second flashing past . ( continued ) 91 . continued : serena ( cont would ) right now , we can only go back a few day at most ... marcus a time machine ... connor be right . serena ( sudden interest ) the resistance leader ? you know he ? marcus ... I have just hear he speak . serena he 's a dangerous man . delusional . he think he 's a savior , but all he 's really fight for be ... death . they move to a exit , Marcus look back over he shoulder at the glow blue sphere . ext . office park facility - night marcus and serena cross the attractive campus . marcus in the world outside -- the survivor think skynet be the enemy , out to destroy they . why do not you tell they about all this ? serena not everyone can become like we , Marcus . we just do not have the resource to sustain more than a few thousand hybrid . marcus then why ... some people I know be pick up , take here ... 92 . int . neural net chamber - night camera move over tube and fiber - optic cable , which run into multiple glass cylinder fill with translucent pink liquid . this contain human brain ... there be hundred of they hook up in here . serena a boy and a girl -- in the last day or two ? marcus yes ... what be this place ? serena part of the neural net -- human mind link directly with artificial intelligence . the processing power of the human brain be still beyond anything skynet can manufacture . serena have move to a computer terminal , one of a few here . serena ( cont would ) display recent arrival for processing . image begin to appear on the screen -- small inset photo , each with a barcode . they quickly fill the screen . marcus lean forward , squinting . on screen - dozen of face , photo take inside the tube , mostly look terrify . marcus shake he head . serena ( cont would ) next page ... on screen - a new set of face appear one by one on the screen . this time , STAR and kyle be among they , next to each other . marcus that 's they . marcus touch the screen , two finger , one on each of the kid 's face . there image expand to fill the screen , side by side , kyle on the leave . ( continued ) 93 . continued : kyle's image , the date 10.16.18 ... the time , 22:19 : 23 . the word , in green : processed . serena smile . serena good news . he will soon be part of the network -- you will be able to connect with he . move to star' image . 10.15.18 ... 22:20:49 ... and the word , in red : terminated . serena ( cont would ) I be sorry about the girl , Marcus . she do not suffer . Marcus take this in , he face show pain . then serena grasp he hand -- in moment , he 's smile . marcus of course . I ... I understand . suddenly the building shake , the sound of a distant explosion . serena release marcus , listen in she earpiece . marcus ( cont would ) what be it ? serena I do not know -- I have to go . will you be all right ? ( off he smile and nod ) of course you will . she touch he once more and move off , leave he alone here . we will hear other far off explosion from time to time during the follow . marcus stare at -- he friend ' face , which slowly fade to black , replace by he own reflection . see he own face , he smile vanish . marcus be go through a terrible internal struggle , the interface fight he own natural emotion . he back away from the machine , look around at the brain , all the life destroy . hurrying past the wall of brain , he move a hand to the base of he skull ... with a angry cry -- ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) -- he finger dig into the plastic skin at the back of he head -- marcus grit he tooth , this be incredibly hard to do , but -- -- he rip the interface module from he skull -- connection spark , we glimpse steel skull and the encase brain beneath . marcus hurl the device to the floor , its elaborate circuitry shatter . he reel with momentary anguish at what he 's just give up -- then he move out of there with determination . ext . office park facility - night FIRE and smoke in the distance , vehicle moving fast amidst the destruction . it look like the place be under attack . marcus move purposefully across the campus -- suddenly headlight illuminate he . he dive out of the way as -- a futuristic atv roar past at high speed . it 's follow moment later by a massive skynet tank . marcus scramble to he foot , continue on he way . int . time displacement chamber - night the physicist be slammed against a wall . he never lose he unperturb expression as marcus manhandle he . the clock read 01:05 . marcus I need to go back ! physicist the wormhole fluctuate , right now it 's oscillate between three and six hour -- marcus what do I do ? physicist just breach the sphere . but you could materialize anywhere in a mile radius -- ( continued ) 95 . continued : marcus toss the man aside , regards the glowing , crackling time sphere -- it do not look too invite . the door burst open . skeletal terminators storm in , wield plasma rifle -- they mean business -- the physicist finally look alarmed , get in front of marcus as he yell -- physicist ( cont would ) no , do not shoot in here --! a terminator fire anyway , blowing a huge hole through the center of the physicist 's chest and throw he backward to the floor -- the man look down and shake he head at the damage to he plastinate body . physicist ( cont would ) idiot . a second terminator spin he weapon on -- --marcus , who leap into the center of the sphere just as the robot fire and hit nearby machinery which explode -- ENERGY erupt around marcus , the crackling blue light of the time sphere surround he . we experience this from -- -- inside the sphere . Marcus instinctively crouch in a fetal position . a instant later , he clothing burn off he flesh . the high tech environment around he transform into -- ext . park - dusk stay with marcus -- foliage appear around the sphere . the blue ENERGY fade , leave he naked , 20 feet in the AIR -- marcus plunge to the ground and roll . he look up -- the plastic tree have be melt with the heat like a candle , dripping down around he . marcus try to get he bearing -- he 's in the park area , the facility not too far off . he move in that direction . 96 . ext . office park facility - night the gate to the garage open , a empty human transport emerge ... find marcus , conceal , still unclothed . he dive under the gate as it roll shut . int . underground garage - night marcus move stealthily through the space where the prisoner be off - load , keep out of sight behind park vehicle . he start at the sight of -- the control robot , hook to charging post along one wall . marcus make he way to the glass door . use all he strength , he manage to pry they OPEN . int . laboratory - night the engineer as we see he before , consulting the monitor above the chamber . engineer 32581 look good ... 32582 ... hm , borderline . May not be emotionally compatible . pass . the engineer pick up star' baseball cap and fling it into the trash ... just then he hear shatter glass behind he . he spin -- marcus train a rip - off robotic laser arm at he like a weapon . the arm trail heavy cable and circuit , link it to the operate theater we see earlier . ( this also artfully conceal Marcus ' nakedness . ) marcus let they go . engineer what ? who be you ? marcus take a step closer . marcus I say , let they go ! ( continued ) 97 . continued : the engineer move to a red alarm button on a communication panel mount in the wall , extend a hand -- marcus connect two wire to FIRE up the laser and -- a red beam neatly sever the engineer' hand at he wrist . the engineer study the metal stump of he severe hand with a blank expression . engineer you can not hurt I . the engineer smirk and whack the alarm button with he other hand . a electronic klaxon sound . marcus now you be pissing I off . marcus fire off the laser again -- -- the engineer stare at he -- we see a flame strip in the wall behind he head . he take a step toward Marcus and -- -- he head tumble off , bounce on the ground , and roll to marcus ' feet . ( there 's no blood , just laser - severe electronic connection ) . marcus pick up the engineer' head by the hair . the man 's brain be unharme . marcus ( cont would ) how would that feel ? the man' mouth twist and grimace , make electronic static from the fried voicebox . marcus be take by surprise when -- -- the decapitate body lunge at he , knock the laser from he grasp . after a brief struggle , marcus spin the engineer 's head to face he body . he grab the interface at the base of he neck . marcus ( cont would ) I pull this off and you will be in a world of pain ! the engineer' face suddenly show fear -- he body freeze . ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 2 ) marcus ( cont would ) last chance . let they out . at a control terminal , the one-hand , headless body tap key and control . marcus hold the engineer 's head so that he can see over he own shoulder . moment later -- -- the machine hum wind down . the monitor flash the word " abort , " the panel begin to OPEN . marcus address the head in he hand . marcus ( cont would ) I be gonna need you clothes . the headless body begin to unbutton its shirt . moment later - close as kyle's tray slide out of he chamber . the restraint retract automatically . he sit up , look toward -- -- STAR , on the next tray . she have not move , she eye close . kyle no ! he climb off he tray , take she in he arm . she start awake . STAR what ? around they , the dozen other prisoner be get to they foot , surprised at they sudden freedom . marcus approach kyle , buttone he new shirt . kyle Marcus ! the two kid hurry to he , Marcus hand Star she baseball cap , rescue from the trash . as she put it on : STAR I know you would come . the prisoner be already on the move , frantically dash out of the lab ahead of we heros . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 3 ) marcus we have gotta get out of here . he lead the kid out the way he come , pass ... the engineer , in underwear , sit in a corner , cradling he head in he lap . his remain hand stroke he interface , he eye close in a blissful expression . int . underground garage - night the prisoner smash the glass door off they hinge , and charge past -- the control robot , which be now come to life . electric burst drop a couple of slow - move escapees as they dash into the garage and make for -- -- any available vehicle . former prisoner hijack buse , hydrogen car . pure chaos , it feel like a prison riot . marcus , STAR and kyle weave amidst the robot and human . marcus stay down ! kyle and STAR take cover behind a concrete post just as -- -- plasma burst explode around they . skeletal terminators armed with plasma rifle be pour in through the open garage gate . a stolen bus head for the exit , knocking a couple of terminators aside and smashing through the rise gate , clear a path for other to follow . a skeletal terminator set its sight on a moving hydrogen car , which follow the bus -- terminator Pov - red filter , highlighting bull , the driver . " target acquired - terminate . " the terminator shoot he rifle through the car 's windshield -- it explode , close to kyle and STAR , the building shake . ( continued ) 100 . continued : kyle and STAR flee the flame , the terminator's head swivel quickly , take they in . it start to pursue , but marcus get in front of it . before it can fire -- marcus ( cont would ) it 's ok , I be not human ! the terminator pause , look he over . terminator Pov - marcus be quickly scan , come up " non - organic - do not terminate . " the terminator start to move past Marcus , who leap on it and wrench the rifle from its grasp . as the robot spin on he he blows its head off , then look around frantically for the kid . a moment later -- --kyle roar up at the control of a futuristic atv , STAR cling to he . marcus ( cont would ) you can not drive ! kyle watch I ! no time to argue , marcus leap into the back beside STAR and kyle gun it out of there , careen off wall and other vehicle , he 's still not much of a driver . marcus meanwhile pick off potential threat with the plasma rifle . ext . office park facility - night kyle have to swerve to avoid the steal bus , which be now on its side , in flame . it be take out by -- -- a automated skynet tank , one of three tank here . they be position to take out escape vehicle . but the atv be a small , maneuverable target , swerving and speed crazily . a tank fire and miss , the blast take out a chunk of wall . kyle whoops , head across the campus -- -- one tank pursue , it move surprisingly fast , capable of flatten anything in its path . marcus fire at it , but the plasma rifle blast do not have much effect on the armor . the tank fire again , but -- ( continued ) 101 . continued : --kyle roar around a corner , just in time . however , in so do , he nearly run over -- -- marcus , from earlier , on he way to the time sphere , visible in the headlight for only a instant before he leap out of the way . kyle , focus on the pursue tank , do not even see this . but STAR do . she look wide - eye at marcus beside she . STAR that look like -- marcus I know . Long story . play the chase , as the tank pursue the atv through the facility . kyle take he vehicle through a large fountain , which the tank smashes to bit . kyle oversteer , put they up on two wheel , then recover , narrowly avoid -- -- plasma blast , which obliterate the facade of a building . skeletal terminators appear in they headlight , weapon raise . marcus stand and fire over kyle's head , blowing they out of the way . near the park , marcus point . marcus ( cont would ) take that path ! ext . park / wood - night the tank be gain on they , kyle steer around a gazebo , the tank smashes right through it , turn it to splinter . marcus the tree ! ( continued ) 102 . continued : Kyle steer toward the wood , dodging between the thick tree . too many obstacle for the tank here , it screech to a halt and let off a jet of flame . the tree behind the atv all ignite , turn to acrid pool of melting plastic . kyle barely stay ahead of the FIRE . the tank back up and take a new route , around the wood . in the wood , kyle strike a glancing blow against a tree trunk , and the atv topples on its side , spilling its passenger . after a beat , they rise , shake . marcus ( cont would ) you two all right ? STAR ( nodding ) why do not you drive ? kyle come on I be do good ! marcus rights the vehicle , take the wheel , the kid climb in back . ext . residential STREET - night the atv come rocketing down the main street , marcus drive now . suddenly , directly in front of they -- -- the tank appear , move swiftly around a corner , gun turret swiveling at they . as it fire , marcus swerve onto a lawn and -- -- crash through a picture window . int . luxury home - night a handsome hybrid couple , in pajamas in front of a big screen tv . they turn and react as the atv skitter through the room and down a hallway . the atv be follow a moment later by -- -- the tank , which take out the entire wall , barrelling through the live room and burying the hybrid in rubble . ( continued ) 103 . continued : marcus take the atv up a flight of stair . the tank keep smashing through the house , as its turret swivel upward and blast away . upstair - the plasma blast come through the floor , just miss the atv as it rocket through a master bedroom , toward a balcony . downstair - the tank tear through a upscale recreation room , splintering a pool table , smash through pinball machine . upstair - marcus take the atv straight out onto the balcony , through the railing and into the AIR . downstair - the tank blast through a kitchen and bathroom on its way out the other side of the house . ext . luxury home / back yard - night the atv just clear a enormous swimming pool , landing hard on the far deck and move on , fast . the tank smashes through the back wall and -- -- take a nosedive into the pool , out of commission . int . luxury home - night the rubble in the live room shift and the hybrid couple extract themselves , take in they destroy home with placid expression . ext . residential sidestreet - night a moment 's breather . Marcus slow the vehicle , which wobbles and smoke from all it 's be through . he look around . kyle where be we go ? marcus there . ( continued ) 104 . continued : he point toward the coast , we see a marina in the distance , a boat moor at a dock . marcus steer the atv down a slope toward the shoreline . ext . coastline / dock - night / dawn marcus , kyle and STAR leap off the atv and sprint for a motorboat . Kyle carry the rifle now . as they near the boat , marcus react to the sight of -- -- red eye flickering in the darkness at the end of the dock , the blue glow of a rifle charging . marcus leap in front of kyle and STAR shield they with he body . the plasma blast envelop he , marcus be blow -- -- into the water . kyle and STAR be flatten by the force of the blast , lie motionless on the dock . they plasma rifle lie a few foot away . the skeletal terminator who shot Marcus move swiftly down the dock , its plasma rifle train on the water now . it move past Kyle and Star , who remain motionless on the ground , and go to the edge of the dock -- --blam ! STAR snatch up they own plasma weapon , and blast the thing in the back , knock it into the water , which be only a few foot deep here . as it rise , she fire again , take the terminator 's head off . it go under . the sky be beginning to lighten now as , a moment later , marcus emerge . as he climb from the shallow water back onto the dock , Kyle and Star stare at he with astonishment . see they expression , he check himself for damage -- there 's metal expose at he shoulder , arm and hand , he face partially torn away , one eye missing . he try to speak , but can only manage a electronic croak . Kyle and Star back away from he . kyle he 's not real . Marcus shake he head , start to move toward they . STAR raise the rifle , point it at he . ( continued ) 105 . continued : STAR do not come any closer ! they hear a whistling SOUND from shore , hit the deck as -- --a missile blast take out the boat and a large chunk of dock . laying low , they look up to see -- --a small army of tank and terminators approach ... even a hunter-killer move in from the horizon , swinging its spotlight in all direction . it look like the last stand . marcus turn back to kyle and STAR . his voice be a distort whisper . marcus I be sorry . Star put the rifle aside , with a apologetic expression . she move to Marcus , gingerly touch he expose metal -- then hug he tightly . Kyle , more stoical , look out to sea . his expression change , become almost hopeful as -- -- in the distance , a huge , black shape rise to the surface of the water , just visible against the dawn horizon . firework ! missile blast the h -k ... napalm erupt around the tank and terminator army as -- --a squad of a - 10s scream in from over the land , firing cannon , launching AIR - to ground missile to take out the tank . one a - 10 fly low overhead and wag its wing . int . a- 10 cockpit - dawn blair at the control , helmete with she face expose , let out a victory whoop as she look out she canopy at the huddle human below . ext . coastline - day kyle point to the dark shape on the water -- now visible as a huge submarine with the rising SUN behind it . ( continued ) 106 . continued : high angle as zodiac boat reach land . haz - mat suite soldier leap out and run to we heroes at what remain of the dock , other head inland to provide cover FIRE . marcus address a team leader , who 's take aback at he frightening appearance and distort voice : marcus there be more prisoner , a complex about a mile in -- as marcus give the man a few more direction -- -- one haz - mat figure , stand a few foot off , study Kyle and approach . haz -mat man what 's you name , son ? kyle Kyle reese . the figure pull off a glove and unzip he mask , extend a hand . it 's JOHN connor . connor John connor . I be glad you make it . kyle be amaze to be meeting the man face - to-face . he shake hand , wide - eye and speechless . it 's a strange moment for connor , too , for different reason . connor turn away from he first meeting with he father to be , a bit dizzy at the experience . he address Marcus . connor ( cont would ) seem I owe you a apology . marcus smile as best he can , give he ruin face . marcus yeah , well . get in line . wider , as connor replace he mask , move to direct he troops . marcus , kyle and STAR stay close together . dissolve to : 107 . int . submarine / hatch area - day near the engine room , a couple dozen rescued prisoner be be treat by unarm medical personnel , other huddle under blanket with food and drink . kate be among that help the former prisoner . kyle and STAR eat ravenously , he finish one mre and grab up another . a few foot away , marcus lean against a wall , plasma rifle at he side . a doctor examine he warily , prodding he injure face . doctor do this hurt ? marcus I do not feel a thing . help somebody else . the doctor move on as a couple of haz - mat suite figure come down the ladder from the hatch , face -mask remove . among they be connor . kate move to he side as more daze human come down . she speak quietly , eying kyle nearby . kate you dad -- he seem like a nice kid . connor can not deal with that at the moment , speak loudly . connor the last boatload be right behind I . skynet 's pour in reinforcement , we can not hold this place . and the people in the house , they will not leave -- marcus they be not people anymore ... he trail off , reacting to the sight of -- a familiar figure descend the ladder , in a long coat , head down . she look up to make eye contact ... serena . marcus ( cont would ) no ! slo -mo : see Marcus , serena reach into she coat -- ( continued ) 108 . continued : marcus move at the same time , to grab he plasma rifle -- serena leap off the ladder , aim a small , powerful plasma weapon . serena fire first -- blam ! the plasma blast catch marcus in the shoulder and blows he gun arm clean off . his plasma rifle discharge , blowing a hole in the side of the sub , near the floor -- water gush in like a firehose . leave slo -mo . spun around by the force of the blast , marcus land on he back , SPARKS and severe cable protrude from he damage shoulder . a alarm klaxon sound . prisoner and doctor scream and scramble for cover -- connor step in front of kate to shield she , they back away through the water blast , connor firing at serena -- serena take numerous hit from the explosive bullet , which take off piece of she , but she keep come , fire again -- -- hitting connor in the lower abdomen . he 's throw backward , kate cry out and throw herself on top of he . his gun have go fly . serena turn she attention to marcus , stand over he , plasma weapon aim point - blank at he head . serena why , Marcus ? you be immortal ... marcus manage a smile as he shake he head . marcus no one life forever . blam ! multiple plasma blast from behind riddle serena' torso , the blue pulse burn right through she -- she head take a hit , the steel be ruptured . the plasma weapon fly out of she arm , she collapse . tight on her face , as she turn to see who get she -- there 's no one there . but on the floor lie -- ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 2 ) --marcus ' severe arm , still hold he plasma rifle . the hand release the weapon . serena' head tilt , she eye go blank -- she 's dead . medical personnel be do what they can to help connor , blood at he lip , kate and kyle at he side . connor this ... this can not happen ... dissolve to : underwater - day the submarine " los angele " move toward camera as it slowly sink deeper beneath the water 's surface . we see a makeshift steel patch weld near the hatch . dissolve to : int . submarine / corridor - day marcus wait outside the entrance to the sickbay . he 's clean up a bit , wear fresh clothes ( one sleeve pin up ) . he seem weary , wrung out , he system damage . he will move stiffly through the follow scene , like a stroke victim . STAR sit beside he , a hand on he arm . blair approach from down the corridor . blair Marcus ... I need to head back to my unit . marcus nod , keep he head bow . blair ( cont would ) what about you ? his voice be still weak . marcus I have no idea . I should be dead ... STAR but you be alive . ( continued ) 110 . continued : marcus ( a half -smile ) so to speak . blair we have be order not to talk about it -- the hybrid , everything about that place be top secret ... marcus yeah , simpler to keep it man versus machine . Star gingerly reach up to touch the tear plastic at the back of Marcus ' head , where the interface be . STAR ( beat ) what do it feel like ? to be ... one of they ? marcus ( thoughtful beat ) better than anything . everything make sense . for the first time in my life , I feel ... right . it be heaven . blair how could you give that up ? he turn to she , expose he mangle face , one eye go . marcus I never really believe in heaven . blair take this in , fish in a pocket . blair here . you need this more than I do . she hold out a pair of sunglass . marcus , a bit amused , slip they on . the door open nearby and a ashen - face kate emerge . kate he want to see you . blair give marcus a farewell hug . 111 . int . submarine sickbay - day connor have a private medical area set aside . he 's not look good -- pale , weak , only semi-conscious . i.v.s and monitor , other life - support equipment . kyle be with connor , stare at a small polaroid photo in he hand . connor can barely speak above a whisper . connor her name be Sarah ... she be ... amazing ... kyle I do not remember my mother . kyle start to hand the photo back , connor wave it away . connor keep it . kyle be a bit puzzle , but obediently keep the snapshot . kate enter with marcus , touch the boy 's shoulder . kate Kyle , could you give we a minute ? kyle reluctantly leave , still look at the photo , with a nod to marcus on the way out . he join STAR in the doorway , they go off together . kate , connor and marcus be alone now . throughout scene , kate fight to maintain a steely control -- but she 's clearly not far from tear . kate ( cont would ) Marcus ... you be go to need to be rebuilt . you face , you body , you voice ... ( off he shrug ) we have people who can do it . she pull some medical diagram out of a drawer , lay they before Marcus . he examine -- --a scanned image of he face , various element highlighted . kate ( cont would ) but you will not be the same ... ( continued ) 112 . continued : marcus move to the next image -- it show he feature transformed into another 's -- something closer to JOHN connor' face , with a jagged scar over part of he feature . kate ( cont would ) the scar will help hide the change . Marcus lower the papers , absorb this . marcus you be ask I to become ... ( gesture at connor ) him ? connor can barely speak above a whisper : connor you must . kate ( quietly ) we can not keep he alive much longer . ( shake she head , swallow ) very few people know what John actually look like . only the technician and we close advisor need ever know the truth . marcus why I ? kate who else ? only you know the enemy from the inside . you liberated a skynet camp ... you be a hero . connor gesture for Marcus to move closer , he speak with great effort : connor I never know how I be suppose to win this war . but I finally understand : the idea of John connor be more important than the person . ( sink back , spend ) I can die . he cannot . kate lean toward Marcus , who 's lose in think . ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 2 ) kate please . we need you . marcus bow he head for a long beat , as if seek a answer from within . then he look up again with resolve . he lift he hand -- the skin tatter , metal expose at finger joint -- and move to take connor' trembling hand . CUT to : ext . mountain war - night slow -motion , mos - a snowy , mountainous environment ... steel terminators go down in hail of bullet . we hear Marcus ' vo , he voice strong and assure : marcus ( v.o. ) yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death ... a army of human resistance fighter march through the snow , gun blazing . marcus ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) ... I shall fear no evil ... a h- k go down in flame , smashes in the mountainside . the golden explosion silhouettes a single figure , who stand on a promontory , surveying the battle below . aide and soldier surround he , but he tower over they , give order , in complete control . move in slowly on he . marcus ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) I die , and be reborn . I wear another man 's face , lead another man 's life ... yet only now do I have a reason for live . I once be lose , but now I be find ... another blast illuminate he face for a instant -- scar , craggy , a blend of Marcus and connor - - but fierce , determine and proud . [ perhaps shoot this with both actor . ] marcus ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) ... be blind , but now I see . ( continued ) 114 . continued : the light fade , shadow he in darkness again and we ... the end