" terminator 2 : judgement day " a screenplay by James cameron and William wisher revise final shoot script 1 ext . CITY STREET - day downtown L.A. noon on a hot summer day . on a extreme long lens the lunchtime crowd stack up into a wall of humanity . in slow motion they move in herd among the glitter row of car jamme bumper to bumper . heat ripple distort the torrent of face . the image be surreal , dreamy ... and like a dream it begin very slowly to dissolve to : 2 ext . CITY ruins - night same spot as the last shot , but now it be a landscape in Hell . the car be stop in rusted row , still bumper to bumper . the skyline of building beyond have be shattered by some unimaginable force like a row of kick - down sandcastle . wind blow through the desolation , keen with the sound of ten million dead soul . it scurries the ash into drift , stark white in the moonlight against the char rubble . a title card fade in : los angele , July 11 , 2029 3 angle on a heap of fire - blacken human bone . Beyond the mound be a vast tundra of skull and shattered concrete . the rush hour crowd burn down in they track . 4 we dissolve to a playground ... where intense heat have half - melt the jungle gym , the blast have warpe the swing set , the merry - go-round have sag in the firestorm . small skull look accusingly from the ash-drift . we hear the distant echo of child 's voice ... play and laugh in the sun . a silly , sing -songy rhyme as we track slowly over sear asphalt where the faint hieroglyphs of hopscotch line be still visible . camera come to rest on a burnt and rusted tricycle ... next to the tiny skull of its owner . hold on this image as a female voice speak : voice 3 billion human life end on August 29th , 1997 . the survivor of the nuclear fire call the war judgment Day . they live only to face a new nightmare , the war against the machine ... a metal foot crush the skull like china . tilt up , revealing a humanoid machine hold a massive battle rifle . it look like a chrome skeleton ... a high - tech death figure . it be the endoskeleton of a Series 800 terminator . its glow red eye compassionlessly sweep the dead terrain , hunt . the sound of roaring turbine . searchlight blaze down as a formation of fly hk ( Hunter - killer ) patrol machine pass overhead . pan with they toward the jag horizon , beyond which we see flash , and hear the distant thunder of a pitch battle in progress . 5 ext . battlefield - night the battle . human troops be desperate combat with the machine for possession of the dead Earth . the human be a ragtag guerrilla army . skynet 's weapon consist of Ground has ( tank - like robot gun -platform ) , fly aerial has , four-legged gun -pod call centurion , and the humanoid terminator in various form . sequence of rapid cut : 5a explosion ! beam - weapon fire like searing strobe-light . 5 B a gunner be a armored personnel carrier fire a law rocket at a pursue aerial hk , bring it down in a fiery explosion . 5C another apc be crush under the tread of a massive Ground hk . 5d a team of guerrillas in a intense fire - fight with terminator 5e endoskeleton in the ruin of a building . Three terminator 5f endoskeleton advance , fire rapidly . another ( complete cyborg ) , with flesh rip open and back break , grope for a rifle on the ground . 5 G a centurion overrun a human fire position . Soldiers be cut down as they run . fiery explosion light the rank of advance machine . 6 in a blasted gun emplacement at the edge of battle , a man watch the combat with night-vision binocular . he wear the uniform of a guerrilla general , and a black beret . he be still amid run , shouting tech and officer . c.u. man , push slowly in as the battle rage o.s. he lower the binocular . he be forty - five year old . feature severe . the leave side of he face be heavily scar . a patch cover that eye . a impressive man , forge in the furnace of a lifetime of war . the name stitched on the band of he beret be connor . we push in until he eye fill frame , then ... dissolve to : FIRE . slow , boiling , enormous . filling frame . voice ( sarah connor ) skynet , the computer which control the machine , send two terminator back through time . they mission : to destroy the leader of the human resistance ... John connor . my son . the first terminator be program to strike at I , in the year 1984 ... before John be bear . it fail . the second be set to strike at John himself , when he be still a child . as before , the resistance be able to send a lone warrior . a protector for John . it be just a question of which one of they would reach he first ... dissolve to : 7 ext . truckstop - night Wild finger of blue - white electric arc dance in a steel canyon form by two tractor trailer , park side by side in the back lot of a all - night truck stop . then ... the strange lightning form a circular open in mid-air , and in the sudden flare of light we see a figure in a sphere of ENERGY . then the frame white out with a explosive thunderclap ! through the clear vapor we see the figure clearly ... a naked man . terminator have come through . physique : massive , perfect . face : devoid of emotion . terminator stand and impassively survey its surroundings . 8 int . truck stop diner - night on a back route to north l.a . a handful of local trucker hunch over chili-size , cat hat push back on they head . Three biker be play a game of pool in the back , they Miller empty lining the table 's rail . the dive 's owner , lloyd , a fat , aging biker - type in a soile apron , stand behind the bar . nothing much go on ... then the front door open and a big naked guy stroll in -- that do not happen every night . all eye simultaneously swivel toward terminator . its emotionless gaze pass over the customer as it walk calmly through the room . everyone freeze , not sure how to react . 8a terminator Pov . a digitize electronic scan of the room , overlaid with alphanumeric readout which change faster than the human eye can follow . in Pov we move past the stare trucker , past the owner and the awestruck waitress , and approach a large nasty - look biker puffing on a cigar . his body be outline , or " select " , and thousand of estimate measurement appear . his clothing have be analyze and deem suitable ... 8b terminator I need you clothes , you boot , and you motorcycle . the big biker 's eye narrow . he take a long draw on this cigar , the tip cherry - red hot . cigar biker you forget to say please . he grind the cigar out on terminator 's chest . which produce not the slight reaction of pain . terminator calmly , and without expression , grab cigar by he meaty upper arm ... cigar scream from the hydraulic grip . terminator do not see cigar 's friend , behind he , hold he pool cue by the narrow end like a louisville slugger . the heavy send whistle in a powerful swing and crack in two across the back of terminator 's head . terminator seem not to notice . do not even blink . without release he grip on cigar , he snap he arm straight back and grab Pool cue by the front of he jacket . suddenly the heavyset biker find himself fly through the nearest window . craassh ! terminator hurl cigar , all 230 pound of he , clear over the bar , through the serve window into the kitchen , where he land on the big flat grill . we hear a SOUND like sizzling bacon as cigar scream , flopping jerk . he roll off in a smoking heap . the third biker whip out a knife with a eight - inch blade and slashes at terminator 's face . terminator grab the arcing blade with he bare hand . holding it by the razor - sharp blade he jerk be from the guy 's hand . ultra-fast here : he flip it . grab the handle like you be suppose to hold a knife . grab the biker and slam he face - down over the bar . then bring the knife whistling down , pin the biker 's shoulder to the bar top with he own steel . 9 int . kitchen the door bang OPEN and terminator stride in . the mexican cook do a fast fade as terminator walk toward cigar , who be cursing in pain on the floor . with he deep - fry finger he struggle to get out the .45 auto tuck under he leather jacket . but he can not even hold onto it . terminator take it from he . instead of point it at he , terminator carefully examine weapon , analyze its caliber and operate condition . terminator never threaten ... that 's a human thing . he just take . cigar sense what he must do when the emotionless eye come back to he . he slide the key to he bike across the floor to terminator 's foot . then painfully start get out of he jacket . 10 int . truck stop terminator stride from the kitchen , fully clothed now in a black leather jacket , leather riding pants , and heavy , clean boot . he move toward the moan biker pin to the pool table . without slow he stride he jerk the knife out . the guy slump to the floor , groan , behind he . terminator continue toward the front of the diner , pass Lloyd , the owner . at the door , he come abreast of two trucker who sit freeze like a snapshot in mid-bite . one of the trucker finally nod . trucker even ... terminator impassively stare back . then move on out the door . 11 ext . truck stop terminator walk out , surveying the park harley . stick the .45 in he belt and swing one leg over a massive custom electro-glide . he slip the dagger in he boot and the key in the ignition . kick over the engine . it catch with a roar and he slam the heavy iron into gear with a klunk . Lloyd appear at the diner 's door with a saw - off 10 - gauge winchester lever -action shotgun . he fire into the air and jack around round in fast , aim at terminator 's back . lloyd I can not let you take the man 's wheel , son . now get off or I will put you down . terminator turn and consider by coldly . he ease the shifter up into neutral . rock the bike onto its kickstand . swing he leg over and walk calmly toward the guy . terminator stride right up to Lloyd , stare straight into the shotgun 's muzzle . Lloyd start sweat , try to decide be he 's go to kill a man in cold blood . he 's still try to decide when terminator 's hand blur out like a strike cobra and be somehow suddenly hold the shotgun . Lloyd gape , know he 's screw . then ... terminator reach toward he . oh shit ... and slip the sunglass out of Lloyd 's shirt pocket . put they on . stride back to the harley and roar off in a shower of gravel . 12 ext . freeway - night terminator roar down the freeway , head for L.A. cold neon flare across the chrome of the big bike . the 10 - gauge be jamme through the clutch and brake cable , across the handlebar . the light flow over terminator 's wrap -around sunglass like the track of tracer round . CUT to : 13 ext . overpass - night the first Street Bridge . rusting chain - link fence and graffiti - cover wall . a l.a.p.d. black -and-white cruise the empty street . a tremendous blue - white glare suddenly spill out between the column of the overpass . the young uniformed cop in the car whip he head around at the source of the light . he pull over quickly , in time to see ... 13a the powerfully arcing electrical discharge reach its peak between the column . lightn climb the chain -link fence and light standard , lighting up the night , and papers swirl in a blast whirlwind . 13b the cop climb from he cruiser as the glow fade . he see vapor dissipate as he approach the spot where he see the strange light . he draw he revolver and cautiously move into the shadow between the row of pillar . a naked man glide from a shadow doorway behind the cop . nothing special about he . certainly not build like a terminator . the flash of light and fact that he be naked be pretty good clue that he just arrive from the future . his feature be handsome border on severe . his eye be gray ice . penetrate . intelligent . the cop spin at a sound . too late . Mr. X be already on he . the blow be lighting fast and the cop drop like a bag of sand . low angle as the unconscious cop hit the deck , he beretta 9 mm automatic clatter next to he . a hand enter frame and pick up this pistol . CUT to : 13c highly polished black shoe round the rear tire of the police cruiser . follow the shoe to the cruiser 's door then move up as Mr. X , dress now in lapd blue , climb behind the wheel . he look and act exactly like a cop . cool , alert , confident in he power , he expression emotionless and judgmental . Mr. X , now Officer X , put the car in gear and drive into the night . CUT to : 14 int . suburban house / garage - day tight on young JOHN connor , who at he moment be ten year old and busy reassembling the carburetor on he Honda 125 dirtbike . he have rip Levi 's and long stringy hair . a sullen mouth . eye which reveal a intelligence as sharp as a scalpel . the ramone ' " I wanna be sedate " blast from a boom box next to he . a woman , janella voight , stand in the doorway of the garage , yell over the music . woman ... John ? John ! get in here right now and clean up that pigsty of yours . John 's friend tim , a thirteen - year - old Hispanic kid , watch as John reply by turn up the volume on the boom box . janelle give up with a slam of the house 's back door . tim you foster parent be kinda dick , right ? JOHN gimme that Phillips right there . 15 int . house - live room janelle storm into the room . tod voight , she husband , watch sport on the tv . they be both in they thirty . Middle - class work stiff . janelle I swear I have have it with that goddamn kid . he will not even answer I . ( neither do he ) Todd ? be you gonna sit there or be you gonna do something ? he sigh . throw down the tv 's remote and head for the garage . 16 int . garage John hop on the bike . kick-start it . Tim pick up John 's nylon bag , then climb on the back . Todd enter and shout over the engine , which John revs louder and louder . todd John ! get you ass inside right now and do what you mother say ! John pin Todd with a defiant glare . JOHN she 's not my mother , Todd ! he revs the engine and peel out of the garage , with Tim almost fall off the back . they take off down the street . 17 ext . vacant lot / drainage canal John cut through a vacant lot to a trail run beside a fence - in drainage canal . he gun the bike through a hole in the retain fence . Tim 's eye go wide as they roar down the concrete embankment . 17a in the drainage canal John zig - zag along , throw up a roostertail of muddy water . Tim shout , pretend he do not just see he life flash before he eye . he slap John on the back . tim Major move , home ! so ... where be you real mom , anyway ? ( John do not answer ) she dead or something ? it 's hard to read John 's expression . JOHN she might as well be . John twist the throttle angrily and the bike lunge forward . CUT to : 18 ext . pescadero state hospital - day a sign on a chain link fence top with concertina wire read : pescadero state hospital for the criminally insane . Beyond it squat a impose four-story building . institutional brick . bar window . about as invite as kgb headquarters . Security guard patrol the manicure grass . 19 int . hospital - maximum security wing sunlight be a bar slash on the bare institutional wall . the room be empty of all furnishings save the bed , a stainless steel sink , toilet , and a dent metal mirror . we hear a rhythmic grunt , small explosion of breath in perfectly - metere time . pan to a bedframe lean upright against the wall , leg face outward . a pair of sweaty hand grip one leg . tendon knot and release as someone do pull -up . a man of tangle hair hide the face that come into frame , dip out , come back . wider . a woman in a tank top and hospital pants in hang from the top leg of the vertical bedframe . her body be straight and taut . knee bent so the foot clear the ground . the arm be lean and muscular . the inmate , face hide , pull up , dip , pull up . like a machine . no change in rhythm . 20 int . hospital / corridor figure move toward US down a corridor of polished tile and two - tone wall . dr . peter silberman , a smug criminal psychologist , lead a group of young intern . follow laconically , be three burly attendant . silberman the next patient be a 29 - year old female diagnose as acute schizo- affective disorder . the usual indicator ... depression , anxiety , violent act - out , delusion of persecution . ( the intern nod judiciously ) here we be . silberman stop at one of the soundproof steel door . there be a two - way speaker beneath a tiny window . silberman flip the intercom switch . 21 int . cell silberman 's scrubbed and cheerful face at cell window . he voice come over the tinny speaker . silberman ' Morning , Sarah . reverse angle as she turn slowly into close up . sarah connor be not the same woman we remember from last time . her eye peer out through a wild tangle of hair like that of a cornere animal . defiant and intense , but skitter around look for escape at the same time . fight or flight . down one cheek be a long scar , from just below the eye to she upper lip . her voice be a low and chill monotone . sarah good morning , Dr. silberman . how 's the knee ? 22 int . corridor silberman 's smug composure drop a second . then return . silberman Fine , Sarah . ( he switch off , speak to the intern ) she , uh ... stab I in the kneecap with a screwdriver a few week ago . Sarah watch they talk about she through the glass , but can not hear they . she feel like a lab animal . the intern look in at she through the glass as silberman talk . with she face draw , eye haggard and hair wild , she look like she belong where she be . silberman the delusional architecture be interesting . she believe a machine call a " terminator " , which look human of course , be send back though time to kill she . and also that the father of she child be a soldier , send to protect she ... he be from the future too ... ( he smile ) the year 2029 , if I remember correctly . ( the intern chuckle ) let 's move on , shall we ? as the intern walk on , silberman step close to douglas , the head attendant , and speak low . silberman Douglas , I do not like see the patient disturbing they room like this . see that she take she thorazine , would you ? douglas be 6 '4 " , 250 pound and warm - heart at a rattlesnake . he nod , catch silberman 's meaning , and gesture for the other attendant to hang back as silberman move on in he round . 23 int . cell Sarah look up as the cell door open . Douglas walk in slowly , idly tapping he police baton against the door in a ominous rhythm . the other two orderly ease in behind he . one of they carry a stun baton ( like a saw - off cattle prod ) . the other have a tray with cup of red liquid-thorazine . douglas time to take you med , connor . Sarah face he , weight center . feral eye darting from one to the other . sarah you take it . Douglas grin , casual -- douglas now you know you get to be good ' cause you up for review this afternoon ... sarah I be not take it . now I do not want any trouble ... douglas ai not no trouble at all -- he whip the baton in a whistling backhand , which -- whap ! take she square in the stomach . she double over and drop to she knee , unable to breathe . Douglas tip the bed and it slam down with a crash , right new to she . he take she stun wand from the other attendant and walk forward . tight on sarah , grimace and struggle to breathe . sarah you ... son of a ... aaarrgh !! the stun wand hit she between shoulder blade as she try to rise . it drive she to the floor , pin she like a bug . Little electric arc crackle as the baton make she writhe in pain . Douglas grab she by the hair and jerk she up to she knee . hold the cup of thorazine in front of she lip . douglas last call , sugar . gasp , she choke the zombie juice down . CUT to : 24 ext . bank parking lot - day John furtively hunch before a ready - teller machine at the rear of a local bank while he friend Tim stand lookout . John slip a steal ATM card into the machine slot . it be something he 's rig up , because trail from the card be ribbon - wire which go to some kind of black - box electronics unit he 's get in he ever- present knapsack . he hold the pack between he knee and pull out a little lap - top keyboard , which be also connect to the black - box . John enter a few command and the plasma-screen display the pin number for that account . he quickly enter the number on the ready - teller 's keypad and ask it for 300 buck . the machine whir then begin dispense twenty - dollar bill . Tim look back over he shoulder amaze . JOHN easy money ! tim where would you learn all this stuff ? John collect the twenty as the machine kick they out . a cool and professional electronic - age thief at ten year old . JOHN from my mom . my real mom , I mean . come on baby ... ( he grab the last bill ) let 's go ! they sprint around the corner to a -- 25 ext . alley behind bank they huddle behind the building as John count out Tim 's share . he fold five twenty and palm they to the other kid . when John open he wallet to put in he money , Tim notice a picture in a plastic sleeve . tim that she ? John reluctantly show he friend the Polaroid . it be a shot of Sarah . pregnant , in a jeep near the mexican border . John do not know it now , but he will carry the photo with he for over 30 year , and give it to a young man name Kyle reese , who will travel back in time to become he father . yes , that photo . tim so she 's pretty cool , huh ? JOHN actually , no , she 's a complete psycho . that 's why she 's up at pescedero . she try to blow up a computer factory , but she get shot and arrest . tim no shit ? JOHN yeah , she 's a total loser . c'mon , let 's check out the 7 - eleven , whatya say ? John have try to sound casual , but we see in he eye that be really hurt . he slap Tim on the shoulder and they jump onto he Honda . John fire up and they whine off down the alley . CUT to : 26 int . police cruiser - day close on computer terminal , attach to the dash . a juvenile division file . subject : John connor . below he arrest record be he vital stat . mother : Sarah connor . legal guardian : Todd and janelle voight . and below they name , a address : 523 S. almond . reseda , can . officer X stare at the screen for a moment . then get out the car . 27 int . / ext . voight house - day tight on front door as Todd voight open it , revealing the unsmile face of Officer X beyond the screen door . Todd greet he with a weary sigh . officer X be you the legal guardian of John connor ? todd that 's right , officer . what 's he do now ? Officer X ignore the question . he casually scan the live room . officer X could I speak with he , please ? Todd shrug , show the cop he 's past he patience with the boy . todd well , you could if he be here . be he take off on he bike this morning . could be anywhere . you gonna tell I what he be about ? officer X I just need to ask he a few question . janelle appear in the doorway behind Todd , concerned . janelle there be a guy here this morning ask about he , too . todd yeah , big guy . on a bike . have that get something to do with it ? Officer X register the significance of that . he realize who the big guy must be . he smile . reassuringly shake he head no . officer X I would not worry . do you have a photograph of John ? Todd stare unhappily at the cop . turn to janelle . todd get the album , janelle . CUT to : 28 ext . STREET angle through a alley from the main street . we see John and Tim flash by on the Honda a block away . hold a beat . then ... a big chrome wheel enter frame . boom up a leather - clad leg to terminator 's implacable face . it survey the area slowly as the bike idle , then kick it into gear and move on , scan in a slow shark - like manner , not aware that it miss its prey by second . CUT to : 29 int . sarah' cell - day close on sarah . she be shackle , hand and foot , to the bed . sunlight fall across she pale face . a hand enter frame , gently stroking she cheek . she wake up to see -- kyle reese . sitting on the edge of she bed , look exactly the same as we last see he in 1984 . scruffy blonde hair and a long raincoat . sarah Kyle ..? you be dead . he give she a gentle smile . reese I know . this be a dream , Sarah . sarah oh. yeah . they ... make I take this stuff ... he put a finger to she lip . then silently unfasten she restraint . they gaze into each other 's eye . and in the look that he death and the horror she have be through since have not touch they love at all . sarah hold I . she melt into reese 's arm . pull he to she . reese I love you . I always will . sarah oh , God ... Kyle . I need you so much . she kiss he passionately . they be lock together in a timeless moment . push in tight on Sarah as she bury she face in he shoulder . she shut she eye tight . stay on Sarah as reese speak . he voice be strangely cold . reese ( o.s. ) where 's John , Sarah ? Sarah open she eye and he be no longer in she arm . he be stand across the room . pin she with a accuse gaze . sarah they take he from I . reese it 's John who 's the target now . you have to protect he . he 's wide open . sarah I know ! reese do not quit , Sarah . we son need you . sarah ( struggle not to cry ) I know , but I be not as strong as I be suppose to be . I can not do it . I be screwing up the mission . reese remember the message ... the future be not set . there be not fate but what we make for ourselves . he turn toward the door . sarah Kyle , do not go ! reese ( turn back to she ) there 's not much time leave in the world , Sarah . reese go out the door . Sarah jump from the bed , frantic . yank the door open . follow she out . 30 int . corridor Sarah stagger from she cell . reese be already , impossibly , a hundred foot away , stride down the dim corridor . a silhouette in a long coat , disappear around a corner . Sarah run after he , she bare foot slapping the cold linoleum . her hospital gown float out behind she as she dream-run along the seemingly infinite corridor . she reach the corner , slide around it , and ... 30a slam right into the arm of Douglas and he three helper . they grab she as she struggle and scream . the silberman be there , smile soothingly . they force she down and she be pin to the floor , scream . a new figure approach ... one even more menace . terminator walk toward she , with heavy measure step . backlit , eye conceal by the sunglass , it stand over she like the angel of death itself . it reach down and ... take she hand . lift she up . lead she to a door . they go through together . emerging into ... 30b a beautiful sunlight morning . child be play nearby ... slide down slide , clamber through a jungle gym . Sarah know this dream know ... it 's be the worst of all she nightmare . she start to scream but no sound come out . 30c the sky explode into white light . everything be sear by the unholy glare , hotter than a thousand sun . the child ignite like match head . Sarah be burn , scream silently , everything silent and overexpose . terminator 's flesh and clothing be burn , silently . it grip she hand , Virgil to she Dante in this tour of the nuclear- age inferno . 30d the blast wave hit ... a near-solid wall of compress air follow by 250 - mph wind . the child , charcoal statue freeze in position of play , explode into black leave of ash and swirl away . SOUND hit now , with a thunderous roar . Sarah 's scream merge with the howl of the wind as the blast hit she , explode the flesh from she bone . beside she , terminator be stripped of its burnt flesh , become a smoking skeleton of steel . 30e then she wake up ... in she cell , shackle to the bed . sunlight hurt she eye . she look desperate and defeat . she know the war be come . it visit she every time she close she eye . lose and alone , Sarah feel all hope recede for herself and for humanity . CUT to : 31 int . pescadero state hospital - interview room tight on video screen , play a previously - record session . Sarah be in a strait - jacket , talk softly . video sarah ... it 's ... like a giant strobe light , burn right through my eye ... but somehow I can still see . look , you know the dream 's the same every night , why do I have to -- video silberman please continue ... 31a the real sarah dispassionately watch herself on the screen . her expression be control . silberman watch she watch . they be in a brightly - light interview room . two attendant stand nearby . 31b video sarah the child look like burnt paper ... black , not move . then the blast wave hit they and they fly apart like leave ... " video Sarah can not go on . Real Sarah watch herself cry on tape , she expression cold . we hear silberman speak on the tape . video silberman dream about cataclysm , or the end of the world , be very common , Sarah ... video Sarah cut he off , she mood shifting to sudden rage . video sarah it 's not just a dream . it 's real , you moron ! I know the date be happen !! video silberman I be sure it feel very real to you -- video sarah on August 29th 1997 it 's go to feel pretty fuck real to you , too ! anybody not wear number two million sunblock in gonna have a real bad day , get it ? video silberman relax now , Sarah -- video sarah you think you be alive and safe , but you be already dead . everybody , you , he ... ( she gesture be the attendant ) everybody ... you be all fuck dead ! she be rave , half out of she chair . the orderly move to inject she with something . video sarah you be the one live in a dream , silberman , not I ! because I know it happen . it happen ! 31c silberman pause the tape ... freezing Sarah 's contort face . Real Sarah turn away from the screen , he expression stony . sarah I be afraid ... and confuse . I feel much better , now . clearer . silberman give a calculate paternal smile . silberman yes . you attitude have be very positive lately . Sarah look up at he . her voice be hopeful . sarah it have help I a lot to have a goal , something to look forward to . silberman and what it that ? as she answer , we pull back , revealing that we have be look through a one - way mirror from a adjacent observation room . in the shadow of the observation room we see that intern from the earlier round , and a couple of staff psychologists . they smoke and make the occasional note . sarah you say I could be transfer to the minimum security wing and have visitor if I show improvement in six month . well , it 's be six month , and I be look forward to see my son . silberman I see . let 's go back to what you be say about this terminator machine . now you think they do not exist ? close on sarah . her voice sound hollow . sarah they do not exist . I see that now . silberman lean back , study she . toying with she . silberman but you have tell I on many occasion about how you crush one in a hydraulic press . sarah if I have , there would have be some evidence . they would have find something at the factory . silberman I see . so you do not believe anymore that the company cover it up ? Sarah shake she head no . CUT to : 32 ext . cyberdyne system - day the corporate headquarters of a mega-electronic corporation . as impose cubist castle of black glass . 33 int . second floor / elevator the elevator door slide open with a whisper and mile dyson stride out . Black . in he early thirty . the star of the special project division . he 's brilliant , aggressive , drive . dyson walk down the corridor , swinging he arm ... a man in a hurry . a man with much to do . he reach a solid security door and zip he electronic key - card through the scanner . the door unlock with a clunk . the sign next to the door read : special project division : authorized personnel only . 34 int . security station he nod to the guard as he pass through the security checkpoint . they can see all activity on the floor on they bank of monitor . he unlock another service door with he card and enter -- 35 int . artificial intelligence ( a.i. ) lab the lab be quite large , comprise bank of processor , disk drive , test bay , prototype assembly area . extremely high tech . dyson greeting , troops . he be jokingly salute by fellow member . not a lab coat in sight . this be strictly jeans and sneaker crowd . all young and bright . they sit at they console drink Coke and change technology as we know it . a young lab assistant rush over to dyson . name tag say he 's bryant . bryant Mr. dyson ? the material team want to run another test on the uh ... on it . dyson yup . come on . I will get it . dyson produce a unusual - look key from he pocket as they stride through the lab . Bryant have to hustle to keep up . bryant listen , Mr. dyson , I know I have not be here that long , but I be wonder if you could tell I ... I mean , if you know ... dyson know what ? bryant well ... where it come from . dyson I ask they that question once . know what they tell I ? do not ask . 36 int . vault room dyson enter with Bryant . dyson and a guard stand together before what look like a high - tech bank vault . it require two key to open , like the launch control in a nuclear silo . the guard and dyson insert they key and turn they simultaneously . dyson then enter a passcode at a console and the vault unlock itself with a sequence of clunk . the door swing open and dyson enter . Bryant stay outside with the guard , who note dyson 's name and item on a clipboard . 37 int . vault dyson walk to a stainless steel cabinet and open it . Inside be a small artifact in a seal container of inert gas . it -- a ceramic rectangle , about the size of a domino , the color of liver . it have be shattered , painstakingly reconstruct and mount on a metal frame . dyson remove the artifact , it its insert - gas , and set it on a specially - design cart . he handle it like the turin shroud . dyson close the cabinet . turn to the one next to it . open its door . in this cabinet be a larger object ... a intricate metal hand and forearm . at the elbow , the metal be twisted and crush . but the forearm and hand be intact . its metal surface scorched and discolor , it stand upright in a vacuum flask , as if salute . this be all that remain of the terminator Sarah destroy . dyson stare at it , lose in think . the he close the cabinet , blacking out frame . CUT to : 38 int . interview room / observation room we can see through the one - way mirror into the interview room where Sarah be still talk with silberman . the other psychologists be still watch through the mirror . reviewing Sarah 's condition . sarah so what do you think , Doctor ? I have show a lot of improvement , have not I ? silberman you see , Sarah ... here 's the problem . I know how smart you be , and I think you be just tell I what I want to hear . I do not think you really believe who you have be tell I today . we go tight on Sarah 's reaction . and we see that silberman be right . she be play he and it do not work . and she know she 's fuck . her tone become quite plead . sarah you have to let I see my son . please . it 's very important . he 's in danger . at least let I call he -- silberman pin she with he sweet reptilian gaze . silberman I be afraid not . not for a while . I do not see any choice but to recommend to the review board that you stay here another six month . Sarah 's eye turn cold and lethal in one second . she know she 's lose . she know this guy be just play with she , and she -- leap across the table at he . sarah you son of a bitch !! silberman jump back and the attendant dive on she . she be writhe and twist like a bobcat . silberman whip open a drawer and pull out a syringe . he jab it into she and she yell -- sarah goddammit . let I go !! silberman ! you do not know what you be do ! you fuck ! you be dead ! you hear I !! silberman signal and the attendant drag she out . he look at the doctor behind the glass . shrug . silberman model citizen . CUT to : 39 ext . 7 - eleven store - day Officer X have stop two young girl in front of a 7 - eleven . he be lean out the cruiser window and show they the picture of John . the first girl nod . first girl yeah , he be here about fifteen minute ago . I think he say he be go to the galleria . officer X the what ? the second girl point toward a massive complex visible about the house several block away . Officer X stare at it . 40 ext . STREET terminator cruise slowly on the bike . scan . he cross a overpass above a drainage canal and whip he head around at the sound of a dirt - bike engine . 40a terminator Pov -- of two kide on a bike down in the canal . the image SNAP - zoom in . freeze on the driver' face . " ident pos " flash next to the blurry image of JOHN . 40b terminator wheel the harley around , cut onto a street which run parallel to the canal . terminator haul ass at keep John in sight . he catch glimpsis of the kid through tree and house . lose he . catch one last glimpse of he head into the parking lot of a large shopping mall . 41 int . galleria - day John work he way through a crowded video arcade . see some guy he know . stop to talk , strike a pose . mall rat in the element . we do not hear the dialogue . 42 int . galleria parking lot terminator be idling harley shake the parking garage wall . he stop at a row of bike near the escalator . John 's little Honda sit proudly with the big street bike . terminator park . 43 int . galleria officer X be move through the flow of shopper . the place be a zoo . he stop some kid and show they the picture . they shrug . 43a in a crowded video arcade JOHN be lose in a intense battle , go for a new high score at " missile Command " . he parry deftly at the enemy icbm deploy they mirv ... the warhead stream down ... it 's more than he can deal with . the world get nuke . game over . he slouches away from the game , look for another . bore . rack focus to Officer X pass the entrance of the store behind he . the cop move on , down the concourse , out of sight . John get in a " afterburner " simulator game . 43b on terminator , walk through the crowd in slow motion . scan . he move with methodical purpose , know the target be close . we see that he be , incredibly , carry a box of long - stem rose . like some hopeful guy with a hot date . 43c the cop be point toward the arcade by come kid hang out at the multi-cinema . he walk into the maze of kid engage in synthesize combat . cheap electronic effect blare above the crowd noise . 43d JOHN be shoot down mig at Mach 2 . his friend Tim slide up next to he . tap he on the shoulder , try to play it cool . tim some cop be scoping for you , dude . John look around the corner of the " afterburner " ride . see the cop show a picture to some of the kid . the kid point he way . John duck just as the cop glance over . he slink out the other side of the ride and head for the back of the store , instinctively retreate . Sarah have teach he that cop be bad news . the cop scan the crowded arcade . glimpsis John , look back as he move around a row of machine . start toward he . JOHN see the cop home in and start walk fast . look back . the cop be shove through clot of kid . one of they be slam to the floor . as eddy of outrage behind the cop as he gain speed . John break into run . so do the cop . kid scatter like ten-pin as the cop charge after John . John sprint through the arcade 's back officer and store-room . 44 int . service corridor John emerge through a firedoor into a long corridor with connect to the parking garage . he 's run full out , when around the corner ahead of he come ... terminator . time stretch to nightmarish crawl as John try to brake to a stop . terminator reach into the box of rose . slow motion . the cold back steel of the shotgun emerge at the box fall open , the rose spilling to the floor . terminator's boot crush the flower as it move forward . JOHN , transfix by terror , be trap in the narrow featureless shoot gallery of the corridor . the shotgun come up . terminator expressionlessly stride forward . jack a round into the chamber , slow and fluid . John look behind he for a place to run . see the cop come toward he , pull he beretta pistol . incredibly , John realize the cop be aim he gun at he ! John look back at terminator . he be start into the black muzzle of the 10 - gauge now . aim right at he head . he realize he 's screw . then something crazy happen ... terminator get down . John instinctively duck . terminator pull the trigger . kaboom ! the cop catch the shotgun' blast square in the chest just as he fire the pistol . the pistol 's shot go wild . terminator pump another round into he . the another . and another . advance a step each time he fire , he empty the shotgun into the cop , blow he backward down the corridor . the sound be deafening . then silence . the cop lie still on he back . 44a terminator be now stand right over John . they both watch as the cop , incredibly , sit up unharme and get to he foot . terminator grab John roughly by he jacket . clutch the kid to he chest then spin around at the cop open fire with the beretta . 44b the " cop " , who not only be not a cop , he clearly be not even human , pull the trigger so fast it almost seem like a machine - pistol . on terminator be back , as the 9 mm slug slam into it , punch bloody hole in the motorcycle jacket . JOHN be bug -ey with fear , but completely unscratch . terminator 's body have block the bullet . the beretta clack empty . terminator turn at the sound . shove John behind a Coke machine . drop the empty shotgun . start walk toward the " cop " . the empty magazine clatter to the floor . the cop insert another one . snap back the slide . terminator still have twenty foot to go . he do not break he purposeful stride . the cop open fire . bullet rake terminator 's chest . he do not even flinch . ten foot to go . blam blam blam blam ! neither the cop nor terminator show the slight change in expression as the gun rip terminator 's wardrobe to shred . clack . the pistol empty again . terminator stop two foot in front of the cop . the appraise each other for a second . we realize now that the cop be a terminator too . we do not know the detail yet , but let 's call he the T - 1000 ( since that 's what he be ) . a new model than the one we have come to know so well ( the 800 Series " Arnold " ) . this guy 's a prototype ... and he 's get quite a few surprise . t-1000 and terminator size each other up . terminator move first . he grab T - 1000 in he massive hand but the T - 1000 snap back with a counter - grip . after about two second of intense slamm , the wall on both side of the corridor have all the plaster smashed in , and the two battle machine have blast through the wall and disappear . JOHN , totally stunne by all this , remember to move . he stagger to he foot . stumble -run toward the parking garage . 44c third level concourse . a plate glass window explode and terminator crash through to the tile floor like a sack of cement amid the scream crowd . 44d t-1000 turn without a word and head back through the store after John , accelerate slowly into a lope , predatory run . 44e terminator be totally still . a japanese tourist cautiously step forward and take a picture of the body . suddenly , terminator 's eye snap open . the stunne tourist back away . he sit up and look around . get he bearing . rise smoothly to he foot . all servos seem to be work fine . the tourist 's camera whir as the motor-drive run on by itself , take shot after show . the owner be not even look through the eyepiece , he 's so shocked . 45 int . parking garage John be frantically pump the kick -start of he bike , scared shitless and the damned thing will not start . his hand be shaking so badly he can not find the choke . he look up to see -- the T -1000 run down the corridor toward he . John fumble with the choke . the bike catch . he slam it in gear and spin the bike out into the main aisle of the garage . John look back ... the T -1000 be behind he , run . he twist the throttle and gun the little bike forward . incredibly , the T -1000 be gain . this nightmare be not happen . John race out the exit ramp , and charge right into the street . 46 ext . STREET John shoot into the busy traffic . cut off a big - rig tow truck . the driver swear . Hit he air horn . what the driver do not see be the cop , run faster than O.J. Simpson at the airport , who emerge onto the street and run back at he truck . 46a in the truck . the driver hear a thump as something slam against he door , then feel himself pull right out . t-1000 slide in and take he place . the truck be still roll along about 25 mph . t-1000 accelerate after John without miss a beat . it can see he , up ahead , weaving through traffic . 46b out of the garage entrance , terminator roar onto the street on the harley . he accelerate after the other . 47 ext . flood control channel John slide he bike down the service ramp faster than he 's ever do it before . he race along the bottom of the canal , turn into a narrower tributary which have vertical side . he look back . no sign of pursuit . 47a suddenly he see the sun block out by a great shadow . the kenworth tow-truck ... big as a house , all chrome and roaring diesel engine ... crash through the fence and launch itself right into the center of the canal . it crash down , 15 foot to the ground , go about 60 , hit at a angle and tear into the concrete wall with a hideous grind of metal . it ricochet back and forth between the wall then , bellow like a gunshot stegosaurus , it just keep on plow forward , gather speed . 47b John look back and see this wall of metal almost fill the narrow concrete canal and he milk every last bit of throttle the little bike have . the kenworth be all muscle , tear along the canal like a train in a tunnel . its big tire send up huge sheet of muddy spray , backlit in the set sun . it look like some kind of demon . and ... it 's gain . 47c above they , on the service road run parallel , terminator be fight to overtake they . he look down and see John with the tow - truck from Hell catch up to he . it be only about twenty foot behind he and still gain . 47d angle in the canal , look back past a desperate John , at the wall of metal fill frame behind he . 47e above , terminator cut the bike suddenly hard to the leave , leave the road . hitting a earth embankment just right , he jump the bike into the air like Steve mcqueen in " the great escape " and vault the fence border the canal . it slam down at the edge of the canal and tear along , inch from the drop - off on a dirt path , accelerate past the truck in the canal below . 47f John hit some water and slew momentarily , loose speed . the massive push - plate on the front of the truck slam into he back fender . panicked , he pull a little ahead . all this be happen at about sixty mile and hour . top speed for the little dirt bike . 47g slow motion as terminator jump the bike again . this time the 700 - pound harley sail out into space and drop into the canal . it arc down between the truck and John , hit on its wheel . it bottom out , a explosion of spark under the frame . only the ultra-fast reflex of a machine could keep the bike upright . terminator fight for control . 47h he gun the throttle and the powerful bike roar up beside John 's tiny Honda . terminator sweep the kid off he machine with one arm and swing he onto the harley , in front of he . John 's Honda weave and fall , smash instantly under thunder tire . the harley roar ahead . it hit eighty . ahead be a overpass , and support it be a abutment which bisect the canal into two channel . the harley thunder into one channel , which be essentially a short tunnel . 47i the truck can not fit on either side . neither can it stop , at that speed . tire lock , it slide on the muddy concrete and pile into the concrete abutment at seventy . 47j terminator and John emerge from the tunnel , look back to see a fireball blast through behind they as the truck 's side - tank explode . terminator stop the harley . John peer around he body to see the destruction . a burn wheel wobble out of the tunnel and flop in the mud . terminator revs the bike and they roar away , down the canal , disappear around a bend . 47k angle on the FIRE , as a column of black smoke rise from the overpass . smoke boil from the tunnel as well , and inside it be a solid wall of flame . a figure appear in the fire . just a outline . walk slowly ... calmly . the figure emerge from the flame . it be human-shaped but far from human . a smooth chrome man . not a servo-mechanism like terminator be underneath , with its complex hydraulics and cable ... this thing be a featureless , liquid chrome surface , bend seamlessly at knee and elbow as it walk . it remind we of mercury . a mercury man . its face be simple , unform . unruffle by thousand - degree heat , it walk toward we . with each step detail return . first the shape and line of its clothing emerge from the liquid chrome surface , then finer detail ... button , facial feature , ear ... 47k but it 's still al chrome . with its last step , the color return to everything . it be the cop again ... handsome young face , blond hair , mustache . icy eye . it stop and look around . it be a perfect chameleon . a liquid metal robot . a kill machine with the ultimate skill of mimicry for infiltration of human society . 47l angle nearby , as several police cruiser and a fire truck pull up . t-1000 climb out of the canal behind they . more cop arrive . t-1000 blend in perfectly . there be always cop at diaster and scene of violence . we now see why its choice of protective mimicry be so perfect . it walk among the other cop unnotice . get into one of the squad car . start it and drive away . 48 ext . side STREET - night terminator , with John in front of he on the harley , roar down the empty street . John crane he neck around to get a look at the person / thing he be riding with . the image be strangely reminiscent of father / son , out for a evening ride . John be still in shock from the experience of what just happen and he 's just a ten - year kid , but he 's also John connor who will someday rise to greatness , and we see a bit of that in he even know . JOHN whoa ... time out . stop the bike ! terminator immediately comply . he lean the bike into a turn . they head into a nearby alley . 49 ext . alley terminator and John roll into the alley and come to a stop . John slide off the gas tank . terminator impassively stare at he . John check he out . tentatively speak . JOHN now do not take this the wrong way , but you be a terminator , right ? terminator yes . cyberdyne system , model 101 . JOHN no way ! John touch terminator 's skin . then the blood on he jacket . his mind overload as the reality of it hit he . JOHN Holy shit ... you be really real ! I mean ... whoah ! ( step back ) you be , uh ... like a machine underneath , right ... but sort of alive outside ? terminator I be a cybernetic organism . live tissue over a metal endoskeleton . JOHN this in intense . get a grip , John . okay , uh ... you be not here to kill I ... I figure that part out for myself . so what 's the deal ? terminator my mission be to protect you . JOHN yeah ? who send you ? terminator you do . thirty year from now you reprogrammed I to be you protector here , in this time . John give he a amaze look . JOHN this be deep . 50 ext . STREET - night John and terminator on the bike again , weaving through the side street . they blend into the evening traffic . in the darkness , terminator 's wound be not readily visible . John crane he head up and back . JOHN so this other guy ? he 's a terminator too , right , like you ? terminator not like I . a t-1000 . Advanced prototype . a mimetic polyalloy . JOHN what do that mean ? terminator liquid metal . JOHN radical . terminator you be target for termination . the T -1000 will not stop until it complete its mission . ever . John mull that over . JOHN where we go ? terminator we have to leave the city , immediately . and avoid the authority . JOHN can I stop by my house ? terminator negative . the T -1000 will definitely try to reacquire you there . JOHN you sure ? terminator I would . CUT to : 51 ext . payphone John be quickly go through he pocket for change . he have plenty of bill but no quarter . JOHN look , Todd and janelle be dick but I gotta warn they . shit ! you get a quarter ? terminator reach past John and smashes the cover plate off the phone 's cash box with the heel of he hand . a shower of change tumble out . terminator hand one to John . John dial . 52 int . voight house - kitchen - night janelle voight pick up the kitchen phone and cradle it with she shoulder which she continue to chop vegetable with a large knife . she answer sweetly . janelle hello ? JOHN ( filter through phone ) janelle ? it 's I . in the backyard , John 's german shepherd be go bonker , bark at something . janelle John ? where be you , honey ? it 's late . you should come home , dear . I be make a casserole . at the payphone . John listen , a odd look on he face . he cover the phone 's mouthpiece and turn to terminator . JOHN ( whisper ) something 's wrong . she 's never this nice . in the voight ' kitchen . Todd come through the kitchen 's back door . just home from work . he ignore janelle and open the fridge . grab a carton of milk . take a sip . frown at the dog 's bark . todd what the hell 's the goddamn dog bark at ? shut up , you mutt ! tight on janelle as Todd growl around the kitchen behind she . he pass out of frame next to she . janelle switch the phone to she other hand then ... thunk ! her free hand seem to do something out of frame . there be a gurgle , and the sound of liquid dribble onto the floor . ( do not go away . we will find out what happen in a moment ) at the payphone JOHN the dog 's really bark . maybe it 's already there . what should I do ? terminator take the phone from John 's hand . janelle 's voice be float through the receiver . janelle ( filter ) John ? John , be you okay ? terminator speak into the phone in a perfect imitation of John 's voice ... terminator ( in John 's voice ) I be right here . I be fine . ( to John , a whisper ) what 's the dog 's name ? JOHN Max . terminator nod . speak into the phone . terminator hey , janelle , what 's wrong with wolfy ? I can hear he bark . be he okay ? janelle ( filter ) wolfy 's fine , honey . where be you ? terminator unceremoniously hang up the phone . turn to John . terminator you foster parent be dead . let 's go . terminator head for the bike . John , shocked , stare after he . 53 int . voight house / kitchen janelle hang up the phone . her expression be neutral . calm . pan over along she arm , which be stretch out straight from the shoulder . partway along its length she arm have turn smoothly into something else ... a metal cylinder which taper into a sword - like spike . now we see Todd voight pinned to a kitchen cabinet by the spike which have punch through he milk carton , through he mouth and exit the back of he head into the cabinet door . his eye be glassy and lifeless . the spike be withdraw -- swiishhtt ! -- so rapidly , Todd be actually stand there a second before he slump out of sight . thump . 53a janelle do not bat a eye as the spike smoothly change shape and color , transform back into a hand , and then ... 53b janelle change rapidly into the cop we now know as the T - 1000 . the change have liquid quality . t-1000 open the back door . 54 ext . voight house / backyard - night t-1000 approach the big german shepherd , which slink away from it , bark in fear . t-1000 walk right into close up . reaches down , out of frame . we hear that sicken thunk follow by a shrill yelp . then t-1000 's hand snap up into frame hold a bloody dog collar . the tag read " max " . t-1000 nod thoughtfully . head back to the house . 55 ext . parking lot - night Dark . off a quiet street . terminator stand near the harley , watch John pace before he . John 's brain be call time - out . this be all too weird . JOHN I need a minute here , okay ? you be tell I it can imitate anything it touch ? terminator anything it sample by physical contact . John think about that , try to grasp they opponent 's parameter . JOHN like it could disguise itself as anything ... a pack of cigarettes ? terminator no . only a object of equal size . John 's still reeling from meeting one terminator , which now seem downright conventional next to the exotic new model . JOHN well , why do not become a bomb or something to get I ? terminator it can not form complex machine . gun and explosive have chemical , move part . it do not work that way . but it can form solid metal shape . 56 int . voight house - night t-1000 walk down the dark hall . it pass the bathroom and we see the real janelle 's leg through the half - open door . the shower be run . her blood mix with water on the white tile floor . 56A in John 's bedroom the t-1000 begin search methodically in the dark . calmly and dispassionately rip the room apart for any clue that could lead it to its target . t-1000 find a box of audio cassettes mark " message from Mom " . in it be some letter , and envelope fill with snapshot . it begin look through some of the photo ... shot of JOHN and sarah during the miss year . Sarah in olive cammo with a rpg 7 grenade launcher , teach John how to aim . Sarah with a group of military - clad guatemalan man , stand next to case of stinger missile . John and Sarah in a Contra camp , deep in the mountain . 57 ext . parking lot - night John be now sit on the curb , lose in stunne think . terminator stand above he , watch the street like a doberman . he glance down at John . JOHN we spend a lot of time in Nicaragua ... place like that . for a while she be with this crazy ex - Green beret guy , run gun . then there be some other guy . she would shack up with anybody she could learn from . so then she could teach I how to be this great military leader . then she get bust and it 's like ... sorry kid , you mom 's a psycho . do not you know ? it 's like ... everything I would be bring up to believe be just make - up fantasy , right ? I hate she for that . ( he look up ) but everything she say be true . ( he stand ) we gotta get she out of there . terminator negative . the t-1000 's high probability for success now would be to copy Sarah connor and wait for you to make contact with she . JOHN oh , great . and what happen to she ? terminator 's reply be matter - of -fact . terminator typically , the subject be copy be terminate . JOHN terminated !? shit ! why do not you tell I ? we gotta right now ! terminator negative . she be not a mission priority . JOHN yeah , well fuck you , she 's a priority to I ! John stride away . terminator go after he and grab he arm . John struggle against the grip . which do not do he much good . JOHN hey , goddammit ! what 's you problem ? start drag John back to the bike . John spot a couple of collage - age slab - o- meat jock - type across the street and start yell to they . JOHN help ! help !! I be be kidnap ! get this psycho off of I ! the two jock start toward he . John yell in outrage to terminator . JOHN let go of I !! to he surprise , terminator 's hand open so fast John fall right on he butt . he look up at the open hand . JOHN oww ! why would you do that ? terminator you tell I to . John stare at he in amazement as he realize ... JOHN you have to do what I say ?! terminator that be one of my mission parameter . JOHN prove it ... stand on one foot . terminator expressionlessly lift one leg . John grin . he 's the first on he block ... JOHN cool ! my own terminator . this be great ! the two guy get there and look at terminator stand there calmly with one leg up in the air . this big guy in black leather and dark glass , stand like a statue . first jock hey , kid . you okay ? John turn to he . no longer need to be rescue . JOHN take a hike , bozo . first jock yeah ? fuck you , you little dipshit . JOHN dipshit ? do you say dipshit ?! ( to terminator ) grab this guy . terminator comply instantly , hoist he one- hand by the collar . the guy 's leg be pinwheel . JOHN now who 's the dipshit , you jock douchebag ? immediately , thing get out of hand . the guy 's friend jump behind terminator and try to grab he in a full nelson -- terminator throw the first guy across the hood of a car -- grab the second by the hair , whip out he .45 in a quick blur , and aim the muzzle at the guy 's forehead . John grab terminator 's arm with a yell as he pull the trigger -- John 's weight be just enough to deflect the gun a few inch . the guy flinch , stunne by the k - boom next to he ear . he stare , shocked . piss himself . John be freaking out , too . he scream at terminator . JOHN put the gun down ! now !! terminator set the .45 on the sidewalk . John scoops it up fast then turn to the shocked civilian , who can not believe what just happen . JOHN walk away . they do . fast. John grab terminator by the arm and tug he toward the bike . John still hold the gun , reluctant to give it back . JOHN Jesus ... you be gonna kill that guy ! terminator of course . I be a terminator . John stare at he . have you own terminator just become a little bit less fun to he . JOHN listen to I , very carefully , okay ? you be not a terminator any more . alright ? you get that ? you can not just go around kill people ! terminator why ? JOHN whattaya mean , why ? ' Cause you can not ! terminator why ? JOHN you just can not , okay ? trust I on this . terminator do not get it . John just stare at he . frightened at what just almost happen . he get a glimpse of the responsibility that come with power . finally he hand the .45 back to terminator , who put it away . JOHN look , I be gonna go get my mom . you wanna come along , that 's fine with I . CUT to : 58 int . voight house / bedroom - night t-1000 find a envelope ... a letter from Sarah to John send since she 's be at pescadero State Hospital . it read the return address on the envelope . it have what it need . it pick up a tape player and the batter shoebox full of Sarah 's tape and exit . CUT to : 59 close on a black &amp ; white photograph . the image be a nightmare from the past . it be a surveillance camera still - frame from the L.A. police station where the first terminator make such a impression in 1984 . we see the blurry form of the cop freeze in the emergency light of a burn corridor . a black - clad figure stand at the end of the corridor . the guy have short - cropped hair and dark glass . a ar - 80 assault rifle in one hand , and a 12 - gauge in the other -- hold they both like toy pistol . another photo be slap on top of the first . another still - frame blow - up be place over the last . terminator loom in closeup . detective weathersby ( o.s. ) this be take at the West highland police station in 1984 . you be there . wider . we be in -- 59a int . interview room / pescadero - night the photo be lie on the table in front of Sarah , place there by detective weathersby . his partner det . mossberg , and Dr. silberman , sit at the table as well . two uniform cop , plus Douglas , stand by the door . Sarah stare listlessly at the top photo . she 's withdraw , haggard ... drugge - look . mossberg he kill seventeen police officer that night . recognize he ? weathersby slap another black - and - white eight - by - ten on the table . a closeup of terminator take by the japanese tourist at the mall . it 's the same face . mossberg this one be take by a japanese tourist today . Sarah do not react . it 's hard to tell she 's think . whether she 's up hope or be just in a drugge stupor . weathersby Ms. connor , you have be tell that you son 's miss . his foster parent have be murder , and we know this guy 's involved . talk to we . do not you care ? Sarah stare up at he . a cold and empty stare . he glance at silberman . then at he partner . mossberg we be waste out time . one of the uniform cop open the door and mossberg stride into the hall . weathersby and the two uniform follow he out , with silberman right behind . silberman sorry , gentleman ... tight on sarah , slump under the bright light . totally out of it . then we see she hand , creep along the edge of the table toward the stack of photo . she slip off the paper clip bind the still together , and hide it between she finger . Douglas jerk she up by the arm and lead she out . CUT to : 60 int . sarah' cell Douglas inch up the last of Sarah 's restraint . then she lean over she ... look down . even wreck as she be , we see the beauty in she face . he bend down . we think he 's go to kiss she . instead he run he tongue across she face like a dog would . she seem not to even see he . her dull eye past he . he can not provoke a reaction . even here , strapped down , the two of they alone , she give he no superiority . he smirk and leave . we hear the sound of he night -stick tapping its way down the corridor , grow fainter . Sarah 's eye snap suddenly alert . there be intensity and resolve in they . she slip the paper clip out from between she finger and awkwardly spread it open into a straight piece of wire . with slow , painful concentration she move it toward the lock of the restraint that bind she wrist to the bed at she side . CUT to : 61 ext . road - night terminator and John charge through the night on the harley . streetlight flare past they like comet . two serious guy with a mission . one a ten -year old kid , the other a half - man / half - machine cyborg from the post - apocalyptic future . CUT to : 62 int . sarah' cell tight on restraint lock as it unlatch ... successfully pick by Sarah 's paper clip . this be not a easy thing to do . but Sarah teach herself a lot of thing in she year of hide . sarah , she hand free , sit up and release the velcro strap on she foot . she roll off the bed and we see she in a whole new light . she be totally alert , almost feral in she movement . CUT to : 63 ext . hospital entrance guard shack . a bored security guard glance up as a lapd black - and - white pull up . he raise the barricade and nod at the T - 1000 / cop as it pass . the cruiser pull in next to the other police vehicle . the T -1000 walk toward the main entrance . CUT to : 64 int . sarah' cell / corridor Sarah be use the paper clip on the door lock . she hear a echoing tapping sound . it 's get louder , come she way . she go back to work on the lock . 65 in the corridor . Douglas the attendant be tapping he stick along the wall like he do every night on he round . he shine a little mag-light in the window of the cell as he pass , barely slow . 65a he round the corner . his footstep echo in the dark hallway . the tip of the stick hit the wall . tap , tap , tap ... get closer to Sarah 's cell . he stop at the door . he be about to shine he light in when he notice that a utility closet across the hall be open . he go to shut it , absently flick he light into the dark closet . he notice something strange among the bucket and clean supplies . a mop lie on the floor , with its handle snap off about halfway up . the other half be miss . Douglas ponder this for half a second , then hear a SOUND behind he and spin around . the sound he hear be Sarah 's cell door . the miss two foot of mop handle fill he vision as it crack viciously across the bridge of he nose . 250 pound of doughy attendant hit the floor like a sack of cement . Sarah slam the makeshift baton down expertly across the back of he head , bounce he off the linoleum . light out , Douglas . she drag he into she cell and lock he in with he own key . then swap she mop-handle for he nice heavy night-stick . 65b Sarah move down the dark corridor , cat-stepp in she bare foot . she hold the baton like a pro , laid back along the forearm , police - style . she look dangerous . CUT to : 66 int . hospital entrance / corridor a long corridor end at a reception area , which be close , and a night receiving desk , which be a glass window where they can buzz you in through a heavy door . a night nurse type at a desk nearby . she look up at the sound of footstep and see a young cop ( T - 1000 ) walk toward she . t-1000 you have a Sarah connor here ? she assume he 's with the other cop . smile . night nurse running late , be not you ? she turn to the inner door to buzz he in and see silberman and the cop come toward the door from the other side . night nurse you friend be on they way out now ... when she turn back to the window , T - 1000 's no longer there . she go to the counter and lean out to see if he 's at the drink fountain or someplace . no. reception be empty . and so be the long corridor beyond . she frown . too weird . 66a silberman come through the solenoid door with mossberg and weathersby , the two uniform cop , and the hospital security guard . the guard retrieve he 9 mm pistol from a lock - out box behind the night desk . silberman face he . silberman Lewis , see this gentleman out and they lock up for the night . the security guard nod . silberman go back into the secure area of the hospital and the cop walk down the long corridor to the main door . no sign of T - 1000 . mossberg and the other cop exit , and the guard lock the door behind they . 66b the guard walk slowly back along the long corridor . the hall be dark , with the light at the night desk far ahead like a sanctuary . his footstep ring hollowly on the tile floor . his key jingle . 66c angle on floor as the guard 's foot pass through frame . a instant later the floor start to move . it shiver and bulge upward like a liquid mass , still retain the two - tone checkerboard of the tile . it hunch up silently into a quivering shadow in the darkness past the guard . 66d up ahead we hear type . the night nurse have she back to we , work . the guard stop as the drink fountain . bend to take a sip . behind he the fluid mass as reach six foot of height and begin to resolve rapidly into a human figure . it lose the color and texture of the tile and become ... the guard . t-1000 's mass have be spread out a quarter of a inch thick over several square yard of floor . the guard walk over the T - 1000 , and he structure be sample that instant . now we see it draw in and pull up to form the figure of the guard . the t-1000 / Guard 's foot be the last to form , the last of the " liquid floor " pull in to form shiny black guard shoe . the shoe detach with a faint suck sound from the real floor as the T -1000 / Guard take its first step . 66e the real guard spin at the sound of footstep to see ... himself . he have one deeply disturbing moment to consider the ramification of that . then he see he double calmly raise its hand and , inexplicably , point he right index finger directly at the real guard 's face , about a foot away . in a split second , the finger spear out , elongate into a thin steel rod which snap out like a stiletto , slamm into the guard 's eye . it punch into the corner of the eye , past the eyeball like a tran - orbital lobotomy tool , and emerge from the back of the guard 's skull . life quietly empty from the guard 's face . he be dead weight , hang from the rod / finger with suddenly react -- sssnick . as the guard slump , the T -1000 take he weight easily with one hand and walk he , like it 's carry a suit on a hanger , back toward the night desk . the wound be so tiny , no blood drip onto the floor . 66f on the night nurse , glance up as the t-1000 / Guard walk past , drag something casually which she can not see because it 's below the countertop . night nurse whatcha get , Lewis ? t-1000 / guard just some trash . she nod , uninterested . keeps type . t-1000 move past , drag the unseen guard toward a closet down the hall from the night receive station . t-1000 / Guard remove the brown High - power pistol and the key from the real guard 's belt , then stuff the body into the utility closet . 66g int . corridor / night receiving desk t-1000 / Guard come back out and glance at the nurse . t-1000 / guard all set . she glance toward it . see the beretta in its holster . night nurse gotta check the gun first , Lewis . t-1000 / guard yeah , sorry . t-1000 open the locker and block it from she view with its body as it mime put the gun in . 66h close angle on t-1000's chest , from inside the locker . instead of set the gun in the locker , it insert the pistol into it own chest , where be disappear inside like it be drop into a pot of hot fudge . it withdraw its hand . the chest be once again a surface that look like cloth , button , name - tag etc . you would ever guess it be really a intelligent liquid metal . t-1000 slam the locker door and wait as the nurse hit the button unlock the door with a buzz -clack . t-1000 / Guard go through . CUT to : 67 int . isolation security checkpoint a small room before a short sally - port corridor design to prevent violent inmate from make a run for it . there be door at each end . the first one be bar like a jail - cell door , and the second be a steel fire door . the attendant have a video monitor with which they can see the corridor on the other side of the door . the two bored attendant barely notice the T -1000 / Guard as it approach . look briefly at a chart next to the door , see sarah connor be in # 19 . 67a in the isolation ward , the T -1000 pass a nurse ' station which look a cage , wall in by heavy metal mesh . silberman , lean in the open doorway , be talk to a attendant in the cage . he do not glance twice at Lewis the Guard pass by . 68 sarah , move like a ghost in the darken corridor , hear footstep come and quietly but quickly unlock a cell next to she with Douglas ' master key . 68a she slip into the cell and wait as the footstep pass . we glimpse the T -1000 / Guard pass the window . she wait as the footstep fade away . she look over . a female inmate , strapped to a bed , watch she with bird - like eye . she put a finger to she lip -- sshhh . the inmate nod . Sarah exit . 68b Pov moving toward nurse 's station . we hear silberman 's voice , review medication with the night attendant . on silberman , yawn , look at he watch . he turn to go ... Sarah be there . she slam into he , hurl he through the door into the cage and follow he in . the orderly jump up , go for he stunner , but she nail he with Douglas ' baton . whap - whap -whap ! you can barely see the thing she 's swinging it so fast . the guy go down . silberman lunge for the alarm button and she crack down hard on he arm . he cry out and grab he wrist . she grab he by the hair and slam he face down on the desk , smack he behind the knee expertly with the baton . his leg buckle and he drop to he knee with he chin on the desk . she pin he with one hand . he face be full of outrage disbelief . silberman you break my arm ! sarah there 's 215 bone in the human body , motherfucker . that 's one . now do not move ! 68b move rapidly , she whip open a medication drawer and grab a syringe . they keep a few of this handy for tranking unruly patient . she jam it into the orderly 's butt and fire the whole shot . still hold the empty syringe , she see what she need next . they keep the toxic clean supplies in here to keep the inmate from drink drano . she grab a plastic jug of liquid plum 'r and slam it down on the desk inch from silberman 's eye . she jam the empty syringe into the plastic jug . draw back the plunger . the syringe fill with blue liquid . she whip it out of the jug and jam the needle into silberman 's neck . his horrify eye rack toward it . 10 cc 's of blue death fill the cylinder . her thumb hover over the plunger . she jerk he to he foot by the collar and get a tight grip on he , then haul he through the door . 69 in the corridor outside cell # 19 the T - 1000 stop and look in the window . Douglas , he face a bloody mess , yell to be hear . douglas open the door ! the goddamn bitch be loose in the hall ! to Douglas ' amazement , Lewis the Guard turn impassively and walk away , leave he shouting soundlessly at the window . CUT to : 70 ext . hospital terminator and John be approach the guard gate on the harley . they can see the guard inside look up at the sound of the engine . JOHN now remember , you be not gonna kill anyone , right ? terminator right . John look at he . he 's not convinced . JOHN swear . terminator what ? JOHN just say " I swear I will not kill anyone . " John hold he hand up , like he 's be swear in . terminator stare at John a beat . then mimic the gesture . terminator I swear I will not kill anyone . terminator stop the bike and get off . the guard , sense trouble , have he gun draw as he come out of the shack . terminator walk toward he draw he .45 smoothly . blam ! he shoot the guard accurately in the thigh . the guy drop , scream and clutching he leg . terminator kick the guard 's gun away , then smashes the phone in the shack with he fist . he push the button to raise the gate and walk back to the bike . terminator he will live . terminator climb onto the bike . they drive toward the hospital , head down a ambulance ramp to a underground receive area . 71 int . isolation floor the attendant at the security checkpoint look up at the monitor as someone enter the corridor . they see Sarah , hold silberman at syringe-point . Sarah speak to they through a intercom on the wall . her voice come through the speaker . sarah open it or he will be dead before he hit the floor . the attendant ' adrenaline level just go off the scale . the first attendant shake he head no . the amperage here be really high . the second attendant key the intercom switch . 2 nd attendant there 's no way , connor . let he go . silberman 's face be the color of suet . silberman it will not work , Sarah . you be no killer . I do not believe you would do it . her voice be a deadly cold hiss . sarah you be already dead , silberman . everybody here die . you know I believe that . so do not fuck with I ! silberman open the goddamn door ! the attendant look at one another . one of they hit the solenoid button . the far door unlock . 71a in the lockout corridor . Sarah push silberman ahead of she . the nearer , bar door must be unlock manually . one of the attendant cautiously approach . nervously unlock it . sarah step back ! he do . she face both of they . sarah down on the floor ! now ! they comply . she come through with silberman , give they a wide berth . start back down the hall away from they , still hold she hostage . she 's actually pull this off . 71b angle from behind her . what we can see , but she can not see , it a third orderly wait just around the corner . he 's poise , ready to jump she when she come abreast of he . on sarah back up . she reach the corner . the third attendant lunge , grab she syringe-hand . Sarah spin on the orderly and catch he across the throat with the nightstick . he lose interest fast , drop to he knee and gag . silberman pull away , scream at the top of he lung silberman get she ! they scramble up as Sarah take off like a shot around the corner . one of they hit the panic button and alarm begin to sound . 72 in the isolation ward , the T -1000 be look in at a very stone attendant inside the nurse ' station when the alarm shriek through the hall . it reach into its chest and pull out the 9 mm pistol . head for the security entrance . 73 in another corridor in the maze of the vast hospital , Sarah fly past we , she bare foot slapping on the cold tile . the orderly charge after she . she 's like a animal in a maze . she turn the corner , glance off the wall , and sprint on without slow . she reach a steel door . tries it . lock . footstep like a drum solo behind she . she fumble with Douglas ' key , breathe hard . jam the master in . the orderly be bear down on she at full tilt . Sarah get the door open . dive through . slam it . she turn a deadbolt knob just as the first orderly grab the latch on the other side . he 's too late . Sarah see they beyond the window , fumble with they key . 73a Sarah be in another sally - port corridor . a jail - cell type bar door be between she and the corridor of the ward beyond . she sprint to the wall of bar , jam she key into the door . she unlock and pull open this door just as she hear the latch of the one she just come through be unlock . she fling herself frantically through the bar door as the first orderly come through behind she . she slam the bar shut . clang . her key be dangle from the lock on the other side from she . the orderly be racing at she , white - lipped with rage . she reach back through the bar , turn the key , and purposefully snap it off in the lock . a instant later the big orderly slam against the door , grab through the bar for she as she dance back just out of reach . he lunge against the steel bar , unbelievably piss off . Sarah take off run , look back at the frustrated orderly . they be shouting at each other , unable to fit they key into the lock -- the break - off key tip make it impossible to get they key in . silberman shout at they . silberman go around , goddamnit ! go around !! the orderly run back the way they come , and along a cross -corridor to another set of door . 73b on sarah as she round a corner and see the elevator ahead . now she 's home - free . at a full - tilt sprint , she 's nearly there when the elevator door part ... terminator step out ... he head swivel to face she . Sarah react , stricken by the image from she worst nightmare . her eye go wide as momentum carry she forward . her bare foot slip on the slick tile . she slam to the floor , stare up at the leather - clad figure with the shotgun . she lose all semblance of courage and some of she sanity . she 's not even aware that she be scream , or what would be scream if she could get the breath to do it . in slowed - down dream -time , Sarah scramble back along the floor like a crab , spin and claw she way to she foot along the wall . she run like the wind , like in she nightmare . if she look back she would have see John step warily out of the corridor behind terminator . John , however , catch a glimpse of the flee Sarah and figure out instantly what happen . JOHN Mom !! wait ! Sarah do not hear . she have click fully into she own nightmare . they take off run after Sarah . 73c she be pelting down the long corridor , back the way she come . as she reach a intersection with a cross -corridor a white - clad figure blur from that corridor . the orderly hit she in a fly tackle . she skid across the floor , shriek and struggle . the other two orderly leap into the fray . sarah no ! help I ! goddamnit , it 's gonna kill we all !!! she be shouting , plead , try to get they to understand what be come . they grab she thrashing arm and leg . they do not even look where the out -of- control woman be point ... back along the corridor . they have pin she to the cold tile , a ring of face above she . silberman lean down to she , hold a syringe with a heavy dose of trank . Sarah crane she neck and see the dark silhouette of terminator come up behind they . it be exactly she nightmare . she scream in utter hopelessness . terminator , hold the shotgun in one hand , reach down and grab one of the orderly with he other hand . he hurl the 200 - pound guy against the far wall of the corridor . smack ! he drop to the floor . the other two orderly react instantly , leaping onto the intruder . terminator seem to disappear for a moment under the two big guy . then there be a explosion of white - clad figure , as the orderly be flung outward like they step on a land mine . one crash through a window of safety glass and be catch before a two -story fall by the outer steel bar . the other crash through a office door , splintering it into kindling . silberman have jump to hold Sarah . he be grab by a roll of skin at the back of he neck and lift like a cat . the doctor feel he foot pedale above the ground . he look into the expressionless face . and it hit he . Sarah be right ... this guy be not human . he feel the fabric of reality crumble . then he feel himself fly through the air . the wall smack he , then the floor kick he in the face . he decide to lie there a second . Sarah blink , stare up at the figure loom over she . John kneel next to she . JOHN Mom , be you okay ? she look from terminator to John . back to terminator . be this a nightmare ? or have she finally go truly bad ? incredibly , terminator politely reach he hand down to she , offer to help she up . the last thing she ever expect to see . terminator come with I if you want to live . the orderly be stir . JOHN it 's all right , Mom . he 's here to help . Sarah , be a daze , take the huge hand in she shaking finger . terminator lift she to she foot . 73d John see a guard stand thirty foot away , on the other side of the wall of bar . John do not know what we know , but he know something 's not right with this guy . terminator turn to follow John 's gaze . the T -1000 have its pistol in its hand , at its side . terminator push John behind he . they start back up . 73e the T -1000 walk forward , reach the bar . it do not stop . its body divide like jello around the bar . as it squeeze itself through like metal playdough , its surface reform perfectly on we side . we see it deform and squeeze through like a viscous paste force past a obstacle . silberman have recover enough to be sit up and watch this . that faint snap sound be he mind . there be a clank and we see that the guard 's gun have catch against the bar ... the only solid object . the T -1000 turn its wrist and try again , slip the gun endwise through the gap . 73f Sarah be agape . not reacting . it 's be a heavy day for she . terminator grab John by the seat of he pants and hook he up onto he back . John grab he around the neck . terminator raise the shotgun and start back up . terminator go! run! Sarah do not need to be tell twice . t-1000 walk toward they , open fire with the brown hi-power . terminator straight - arm the 12 - guage like a pistol and fire . the stunne orderly flop face down on the floor as the corridor be fill with high -velocity lead . one of they , stupidly run for the cross -corridor , get hit by the T - 1000 . terminator be hammer by several slug , and the T - 1000 be crater by two buckshot hit . it stagger , but come on . in the crater we see bright mercury before they close and reseal , disappear in a second . 73g terminator make it around the corner and break into a run . ahead , Sarah be already at the elevator . terminator and John pile in and John slap the button for " garage level " . the door start to close . t-1000 clear the corner . terminator slam John and Sarah back against the side wall as the T -1000 charge at they , rapid fire the brown . the round hit the steel door as they close . t-1000 keep pump they at the close gap . 73h Inside , they see the backside of the door dent with the hit that be punch hole in the other side . 73i the brown lock open , empty . t-1000 drop it without a glance back . the door close . k-wham ! the T -1000 hit they a split second later . the elevator have not move yet . sswwikk ! 73j a sword - like blade ram through in between the door , force they open . terminator jam the shotgun through the widen gap . punch the muzzle right into T - 1000 's face -- boom !! 73k we get a glimpse of the T -1000 's head blow apart by the blast . it be hurtle back . the door close . the car descend . 73l on the T - 1000 , outside the elevator . its head , which be blow apart into two doughy mass lie on the shoulder , reform quickly . there be no trace of the injury . it see the close door and jam its hand between they , its fingertip become pry-bar . it pull the door apart with inhuman strength 73 m and leap into the OPEN shaft . it fall two floor and ... 74 in the elevator . out trio hear a loud thump on the roof . terminator , reloading the shotgun , look up . Sarah grab the .45 from he waistband and aim it at the ceiling . beat ... then clangg !! a swordlike shaft punch through the ceiling and spear down four foot into the elevator car . it be inch from Sarah 's face . she open fire , bam -bam - bam -- right through the roof . lighting - fast the lance withdraw and thrust down again , slashing terminator 's jacket , and miss John by inch . terminator chamber a round and k - boom ! the 12 - guage open a hole in the ceiling . terminator rock out in a fury of fire / cock / fire as the metal shaft slash down again and again . Sarah yell in pain as one of they slice open she upper arm . 75 the door open . Sarah pull John out as soon as the gap be wide enough . they emerge into the basement . we see the harley park nearby . terminator , in a rearguard action , fire another blast through the ceiling and run out . he throw he leg over the harley , kick it to life with one powerful stroke and then whip something out of the inner pocket of he jacket . he throw it to John . a road flare !? 76 in the elevator , the T - 1000 have bashed a hole in the ceiling big enough to ... pour itself through . a massive blob of mercury extrude from the open . the mass drop through the hole , down out of frame , then come back up into frame as Officer X . it seem to need just a second to get its mental act together after do this king of taffy - pull with itself . it open its eye and see -- 77 terminator , the shot gun hold in he tooth , astride the roaring harley twenty foot away . terminator twist the throttle and pop the clutch . the back tire scream on the concrete . the front wheel lift off the ground and the heavy bike launch in a thunder wheelie . terminator get off just before the bike hurtle into the elevator . the harley slam the T -1000 square and smashes it right through the back wall of the elevator . terminator roll to he foot . johns strike the flare on the concrete . toss it . terminator catch the life flare with one hand . level the shotgun with the other . with he last round he blow a big hole in the bike 's gas tank . Gas splashes everywhere , cover the struggle T - 1000 . terminator toss the flare . ka - vooom ! the explosion knock terminator backward off he foot , envelop he in the fireball . he get up , smoking , and run after John and Sarah toward the exit ramp . 78 at the exit ramp . they be partway up when a blue- and - white hospital security car come screeching down the other way . without break stride Sarah run right at the car . it skid to a shriek halt . she 's in the guy 's face with the .45 in both hand . sarah out of the car !! the patrol guy be think what he can try when blam ! she put a round through the glass next to he head . sarah right now ! the door open and the guy be come out with he hand up as terminator arrive . the cyborg fling the rent -a- cop out of the way and slide behind the wheel . Sarah get John into the back seat and dive into the front passenger seat as -- 78a terminator slam the car into reverse and punch it , lighting up the tire on the slick ramp . terminator hand the shotgun over he shoulder to John and tell he to reload . John pull some shell from the pocket of he army jacket and start feed they in . terminator power backward up the ramp , scraping along one wall , barely in control . because ... 79 the t-1000 be run at they out of the inferno below . this guy will not quit . shift from chrome mode to cop -form as it run . it sprint up the ramp after the retreate car . t-1000 be gain . 80 terminator hand Sarah another magazine for the .45 . she snatch it , drop the other out , and slap in the new one . cock the slide . the car back along the service driveway toward the security gate . John hand the shot gun back to terminator . he lean out the window and take aim at the pursuer . the T -1000 's face be right in the headlight . 80a terminator fire , blow a hole in its shoulder . shiny liquid metal visible in the hole , which then close . 80b Sarah , half out the passenger window , open fire . the car crash backward through the security barricade . terminator ( calmly ) hang on . he cut the wheel hard . the car slew into a reverse 180 , swapping end with a screech . t-1000 be almost on they . terminator punch it . the car accelerate forward . 80c T - 1000 leap . land on the trunk . its hand be a metal crowbar slam down through the trunk lid . foot drag on the pavement , it slam its other hand down , punch another metal hook into the trunk lid , pull itself up . terminator turn to Sarah . terminator drive . terminator heave himself half out the driver 's window . Sarah slap she foot down on the throttle and steer from the passenger side . 80d t- 1000 , fully on the car now , hold on with one hook -hand while it slam the other into the back window , sweeping away the glass and miss John by inch as he duck . it draw back for another swing , lung forward as -- 80e terminator whip the shotgun over the roof of the car . fire point-blank . Hit the T -1000 's arm just above the " hand " which anchor it to the car . the 12 - guage blow the arm apart , sever the hook-hand . 80f T - 1000 tumble backward off the accelerate car . John look out the back window , he eye wide . he see the T - 1000 roll to he foot and continue run . but he 's drop way behind now . Sarah have the car floor and the liquid-metal killer will not catch they on foot . 80g John watch , in awe , as the " crowbar hand " , stick into the trunk right in front of he , revert to the neutral polyalloy ... a kind of think mercury . the gray metal slide off the trunk of the car and fall onto the road to lie there in a quivering blob . 80h the car speed off into the night . reverse on the T -1000 , walk now , come right up into closeup , watch the tail light recede . it look down . 80i angle on blacktop , tight on the liquid metal blob . next to it be the T -1000 's shiny cop shoe . the mercury blob crawl and rejoin the main mass , disappear into the " shoe " . 81 int . / ext . security car a ghost car blast out of the darkness on a long stretch of moonlight highway . headlights off , the hospital security car punch a hole in the wind . 81a inside the speed car the energy be still high . the air be blow in the shattered window as terminator drive the car easily by electronic night-vision . his eye glow faintly red . JOHN can you see anything ? 81b terminator's Pov . a monochrome image of the highway light bright as day . 81c terminator reply in a matter - of - fact tone . terminator everything . JOHN cool . Sarah look at terminator , still not quite believe this be happen . but this be a different Sarah than the waitress of 1984 . she spend only a second or two deal with the unbelievable . then she turn to John in the back seat . sarah you okay ? he nod . she reach for John and we think she 's go to hug he . she start to rub she hand over he and we realize she 's check for injury , very clinically the way a vet check a dog for break bone . he pull away from she . he hate she always check he , treat he like he might break , like some piece of rare china . JOHN I say I be okay . Sarah look at he , exasperate and stern . sarah it be stupid of you to go there . John stare at she , surprised . sarah goddamnit , John , you have to be smarter than that . you be too important ! you can not risk yourself , not even for I , do you understand ? I can take care of myself . I be do fine . Jesus , John . you almost get yourself kill . we see he chin quiver . he 's a tough kid , but all he really want be for she to love he . he have not have enough year on the planet yet to be the man of steel she demand . JOHN I ... have to get you out of the place ... I be sorry , I ... his face crumple . he start to cry . Sarah give he a cold stare . sarah stop it ! right now ! you can not cry , John . other kid can afford to cry . you can not . he 's try to be brave , he really be . terminator turn and see the water leak from he eye . it do not make and sense to he . terminator what be wrong with you eye ? John turn away , ashamed . Sarah let she breath out , realize how key up she be . she turn to terminator , give he a wary once - over . sarah so what 's you story ? CUT to : 82 ext . mental hospital the cop have show up , as they always do . there be black - and - white everywhere , and ambulance be arrive . two cop and a orderly be require to subdue poor Doctor silberman , who be rave at the top of he lung . silberman ... it be all true and we be all go to die and the change , I see he change !! it 's quite pathetic . a nurse shoot he up with a sedative . they lead he away . 82a t-1000 walk unperturb among the milling cop . no one notice he . it slip into its cruiser and drive off into the night . 83 int . car terminator drive steadily into the black night . sarah this t-1000 ... what happen when you shoot it ? terminator ballistic penetration shock it , but only for a few second . Sarah think about that . then : sarah can it be destroy ? terminator unknown . they ride along in silence for a few second . Sarah see something up ahead , some lonely neon in the blackness . sarah pull in here . we have to ditch this car . 84 ext . service station - night a rundown gas station with a buzzing neon sign and no one around . they pull into the drive and slowly cruise past the empty office . a sign in the window say close sundays . they continue around the building to the garage 's back door . at the garage door . terminator break the lock on the roll - up door and raise it . Sarah pull the security car in out of sight . terminator roll the door down behind they . 85 int . gas station Dark . Sarah switch on the single drop-light . she and terminator look at each other . terminator be shot - up and bleed , and Sarah have a vicious slash in she upper arm which be soak she sleeve with blood . sarah you look like handmade shit . terminator so do you . CUT to : 86 tight on first - aid kit from the office , plus some not - so-oily rag , a bottle of rub alcohol , a few small tool , and other makeshift odd and end . terminator 's hand come into shot . set down a bloody rag . pick up a clean one . wider . Sarah sit on a empty crate . terminator 's be beside she , suture she wound with some fine wire from the wind of a alternator . use a pair of needlenose plier he draw the wire through she pale skin with a delicate hand . terminator I have detailed file on human anatomy . Sarah stare into he face , inch away , fight the pain . she do not like he be this close to she to begin with , let alone carve on she . sarah I will bet . make you a more efficient killer , right ? terminator correct . CUT to : 87 tight on terminator's back . the leather jacket be riddled with bullet hole . Sarah and John help pull it off , revealing terminator 's broad , muscular back beneath . wider . John and Sarah stare in amazement . there be at least twenty bullet hole in he . back. arm . leg . fortunately they be all 'mm . the hole be small and the damage cosmetic . JOHN do it hurt ? terminator I sense injury . the data could be call pain . tight on sarah and terminator . Sarah start wash the bullet hole in he broad back with alcohol . sarah will this heal up ? terminator nod . she reach into the bloody wound with plier and find the copper- jackete bullet , flatten against the armored endoskeleton . pull they out . they clink one by one into a glass . sarah that 's good . because if you can not pass for human , you will not be much good to we . she concentrate on remove the slug . clink . clink . JOHN how long do you live ? I mean , last ? terminator a hundred and twenty year on my exist power cell . Sarah nod , pull out another slug . clink . the glass nearly full of flatten bullet . she begin to sew the hole close with a few wire suture . John watch in quiet amazement , the two warrior calmly fix each other . JOHN can you learn ? so you can be ... you know . more human . not such a dork all the time . terminator turn towards he . terminator my cpu be a neural - net processor ... a learn computer . but skynet preset the switch to " read - only " when we be send out alone . sarah ( cynical ) do not want you think too much , huh ? terminator no . JOHN can we reset the switch ? CUT to : 88 e.c.u. of a X - acto knife cut into terminator 's scalp at the base of he skull . his voice calmly direct Sarah as she spread the bloody incision and locate the maintenance port for the cpu in the chrome skull beneath . terminator now open the port cover . she wipe away the blood and use the garage - mechanic 's air tool to unscrew the port cover . 88a terminator Pov ( digitize ) as he watch she work in a mirror they have take from the washroom . Sarah and John be stand behind he . her hand be cover with blood , like a surgeon' . terminator hold the cpu by its base tab . pull . follow the instruction , she reach in with a pair of tweezers and pull -- there be a burst of static and the screen go black . CUT to : 89 tight on JOHN and sarah look at what she have remove . a reddish - brown ceramic rectangle with a connector on one end . about the size and shape of a domino . on close inspection it appear to be make up of small cube connect together . it be identical to the shattered one in the vault at cyberdyne system . now we know it be that that mile dyson value so highly . the brain of a terminator . 89a wider . John walk around terminator and look at he face . eye open , he be completely inert . Dead . John lift he huge hand . the dead servos whine sullenly as he force they . it 's like rigor mortis . he release the hand and it stay in the lift position . Sarah examine the cpu chip . JOHN can you see the pin switch ? she ignore he . see look at terminator . the back at the chip . then she set it on the work table and pick up a small sledge hammer . John realize what she be about to do . dive at she as the sledge be whistling down . JOHN no !!!! he slap he hand down over the chip . Sarah barely stop the sledge before smash he finger . sarah out of the way , John ! JOHN no ! do not kill he ! sarah it , John . not he . it . JOHN alright , it ! we need it ! John keep he hand right where it be . sarah we be better off by ourselves . JOHN but it 's the only proof we have to the future ... about the war and all that . sarah I do not trust it ! this thing be hard to kill , John , believe I , I know . we may never have this opportunity again . JOHN look , Mom , if I be suppose to ever be this great leader , you should start listen to my leadership idea once in a while . ' Cause if you will not , nobody else will . smart kid . he 's get she . she nod , reluctantly . he palm the chip and study it minutely . 89b John take a pin and move the almost invisible switch to the other position . it be now in " write " mode . then he grimace as he insert the wafer back into the slot in terminator 's skull . 89c terminator vision flare back to life in a burst of static . the image form . Sarah and John stand behind he in the mirror . terminator be there a problem ? John glance sheepishly at Sarah , then smile at terminator . JOHN no problem . none whatsoever . CUT to : 90 JOHN sleeping , lie on a pile of rag next to a stack of tire . the light be off . Sarah sit nearby , cross -legge , he back against the wall . the .45 be cradle in she lap . she look weary , but she will not allow herself to sleep with terminator present . by the office window , in a slash of moonlight , be terminator . he stand silent and still , watch the night . only he eye move , tracking with the occasional car pass on the road . he figure silhouett and still . dissolve to : 91 same image . now daylight stream in the dusty window . terminator have not move . faithful machine sentinel . he turn at a sound . John stir , waking up . he squint into the sunlight . Sarah be still awake . she get up , wince at the pain in she arm . CUT to : 92 ext . gas station - day ( later ) John and terminator walk to a old chevy pickup park behind the garage . the day be clear but windy . Dust devil chase themselves behind the place . the pickup be lock but terminator break the side window with he fist and open the door . he and John climb in . 92a in the pickup . terminator have this trick ( which you could do too if you have servo-driven steel finger ) where he smashes the cowl around a steering column with one blow from the palm of he hand . when it shatter he strip it away with a single move , and then turn the stub of the lock - mechanism with he fingertip . this start the vehicle . it take about three second . in fact , he do it so quickly , the truck be run by the time John flip down the sun visor . a set of key drop out and John catch they . dangle they in front of terminator 's eye . JOHN be we learn yet ? 92b Sarah come out . she 's find a mechanic 's coverall inside , use but fairly clean . it do not fit she too well , but it 's better than the stuff from the hospital . she 's still barefoot . the sun , which she have not see in month , hurt she eye , terminator and John pull up in the pickup . she get in . 92c terminator we need to get as far from the city as possible . sarah just head south . CUT to : 93 int . / ext . pickup truck / highway - day the OPEN road . the pickup roar through light traffic down a long stretch of highway . they set three abreast on the bench seat , John in between , like some improbable family on a car trip . Sarah lean over to get a look at the speedometer . sarah keep it under sixty - five . we can not afford to be pull over . terminator back off the throttle slightly . terminator affirmative . JOHN no , no , no . you gotta listen to the way people talk . see , you do not say like " affirmative " or some shit like that . you say ... no problemo . terminator nod , filing away the information . Sarah be ignore the lesson , lose in think . JOHN it someone come off to you with a attitude , you say " eat I " ... if you wanna shine they on , it 's " hasta la vista , baby " . terminator " hasta la vista , baby " ? JOHN yeah , or " later , dickwad . " or if someone get upset you say " chill out . " like that . or you can do combination . terminator chill out , dickwad . JOHN that 's great ! see , you be get it . terminator no problemo . CUT to : 94-95 omitted 96 ext . roadside stand / gas station - day there 's a gas pump and a sleazy fast - food stand . picnic table be set up at the side of the food stand . a family sit at one , child play and run about . 96a the pickup truck pull into the lot . stop at the gas pump . Sarah turn to John . sarah you get any cash ? John pull what 's leave of he ready - teller money from he pocket . JOHN only a couple hundred buck . I will give you half . Sarah grab all of it . peel off a twenty , hand it to John . sarah get some food . she open the truck door and step out . John turn to terminator . JOHN no sense of humor . 97 the ordering window as John and terminator approach . JOHN and that 's another thing . you could lighten up a bit , yourself . this severe routine be get old . smile once in a while . terminator smile ? JOHN yeah . smile . you know . people smile , right ? watch . go to the order window . JOHN ( smile broadly ) hi. Nice place you get here . how 's business ? window woman ( stone-face ) gimme a break . JOHN ( to terminator ) okay . bad example . over there , look . John point at three teenage guy stand at a drink fountain nearby . one of they have say something funny and the other be laugh , grin . JOHN like that . terminator Pov ( digitize ) the real - time image continue while a replay of one of the guy grin run in a window . it expands , so that the guy 's mouth fill the window . replays again in slow motion . a vector-graphic of the lip smile appear , along with a array of symbolic data . terminator try it . the result be dismal . a rictus-like curling of the lip . terminator 's next effort be a marginal improvement . JOHN I do not know , maybe you could practice in front of a mirror or something . CUT to : 98 ext . rest stop / pickup truck - day ( later ) Sarah and John be eat cheeseburger and fries , sit in the truck and on the curb respectively . they be park away from the other family , at the end of the gravel parking area . terminator be pour coolant into the radiator . Sarah be deep in through , turn and turn the whole thing in she brain . John , unable to deal with she silence , go around to where terminator be work . 98a John see two kid play with machine - gun water pistol nearby , viciously squirting each other . first kid you be dead ! second kid be not ! first kid be so ! John and terminator watch they roll on the ground in a fight to the death . Sarah round the front of the truck , and see the kid . John sigh , solemn . he look up at the cyborg . JOHN we be not gonna make it , be we ? people , I mean . terminator it be in you nature to destroy yourselves . John nod , depressed . JOHN yeah . drag , huh ? sarah I need to know how skynet get build . who 's responsible ? terminator the man most directly responsible be mile bennet dyson , director of special project at cyberdyne system Corporation . sarah why he ? terminator in a few month he create a revolutionary type of mircoprocessor . sarah then what ? 98b terminator close the hood and get into the truck as he speak . terminator in three year cyberdyne will become the large supplier of military computer system . all stealth bomber be upgrade with cyberdyne computer , become fully unmanned , afterward , the fly with a perfect operational record . sarah ( get behind John ) uh huh , great . then that fat fuck in Washington figure , what the hell , let a computer run the whole show , right ? terminator basically . ( start the engine , back out ) the skynet funding bill be pass . the system go on - line August 4th , 1997 . human decision be remove from strategic defense . skynet begin to learn , at a geometric rate . it become self - aware at 2:14 a.m. eastern time , August 29 . in a panic , they try to pull the plug . sarah and skynet fight back . they accelerate back onto the highway . terminator yes . it launch its icbm against they target in Russia . sarah why attack Russia ? terminator because skynet know the Russian counter - strike will remove its enemy here . sarah jesus. ( beat , then ) how much do you know about dyson ? terminator I have detailed file . sarah I want to know everything . what he look like . where he life . everything . 99 int . dyson house - day mile dyson sit at the huge desk in he study . he be deep in think , tapping away at the keyboard of he home computer terminal . next to desk be rack of sophisticated gear . on a Sunday morning , when most man be relax , spend time with they family , dyson be hard at work . in a profile closeup we see he in deep concentration , he mind prowling the labyrinth of he new microprocessor . a woman' face enter frame soundlessly behind he . he do not hear she . his wife , tarissa , extend she tongue and trace it down the back of he neck . he smile and turn to kiss she good morning . she 's still in she bathrobe , hold coffee . he 's be up for hour . he turn and go back to work , forget instantly that she be stand there . she watch he work , the arcane symbol move across the screen . we see she frustration , she inability to truly enter the magic box of he world . tarissa you go to work all day ? dyson I be sorry , baby . this thing be just kick my ass . I think we have it with this one ... he point to a metal box on he desk , about two foot long . as assembly of small cube . it look like a dinosaur version of terminator 's cpu . dyson ... but the output go to shit after three second . I be think now it 's the way I be matrix the command hierarchy ... tarissa you need a break . you will see it clear when you come back . dyson I can not tarissa mile , it 's Sunday . you promise to take the kid to rage Waters today . dyson oh . I can not , honey . I be on a roll here . he take she hand . we see a childlike excitement in he face . he want so badly to share the almost orgasmic thrill of discovery , the satisfaction of creation . dyson baby , this thing be go to blow them all away . it 's a neural - net process -- tarissa I know . you tell I . it 's a neural - net processor . it think and learn like we do . it 's superconduct at room temperature . other computer be pocket calculator by comparison . ( she pull away from he ) but why be that so goddamn important , mile ? I really need to know , ' cause I feel like I be go crazy here , sometimes . dyson I be sorry , honey , it 's just that I be thiiis close . he hold up he thumb and index finger ... a fraction of a inch apart . she pick up the prototype . it do not look like much . dyson imagine a jetline with a pilot that never make a mistake , never get tired , never show up to work with a hangover . ( he tap the prototype ) meet the pilot . tarissa why do you marry I , mile ? why do we have this two child ? you do not need we . you heart and you mind be in here . ( she stare at the metal box in she hand ) but it do not love you like we do . he take the anodize box from she hand and set it down . then he put he hand on she shoulder and kiss she gently . she acquiesce to he kiss . dyson I be sorry . tarissa glance over he shoulder . she nod she head toward the doorway to the study . dyson turn and see they two kid stand there . Danny ( 6 ) and blythe ( 4 ) look rumple and adorable in they pjs . dyson wilt at they hopeful expression . tarissa how about spend some time with you other baby ? dyson grin . the force of darkness have lose this round . he hold out he hand and he kid run to he , cheer . CUT to : a100 ext . desert / compound - day the desert northwest of calexico . Burning under the sun like a hallucination . heat shimmer the image , mirage - like . terminator turn the pickup off the paved road and barrel along a roadbed a sand and gravel , trail a huge plume of dust . a sign at the turnoff say : charon mesa 2 MI calexico 15 MI a101 ahead be a pathetic oasis of humanity in the vast wasteland , a couple of aging house - trailer , surround by assort junk vehicle and desert- style trash . there be a dirt airstrip behind the trailer , and a stripped huey helicopter sit on block nearby . the truck roll to a stop in a cloud of dust . the place look desert . the door to the nearest trailer bang in the wind . sarah ( to terminator and John ) stay in the truck . a102 angle from inside another trailer , nearby . a dark figure in the f.g. have a AK - 47 train on the pickup as Sarah get out . on sarah peer through the backlit dust . the sound of wind . she approach the trailer . sarah ( in Spanish ) Enrique ? you here ? she hear kachank ! behind she and spin , whipping out she .45 in one motion . enrique salceda stand behind a rusting jeep , a 12 - gauge pump train on she . he be mid-forty , a tough guatemalan with a weathered face and heavy mustache . he wear cowboy boot and a flak vest , no shirt . salceda you pretty jumpy , connor . his fierce face break into a broad grin . the shotgun drop to he side as he walk toward she . when he reach she he hug she , then step back . salceda ( in Spanish ) good to see you , connor . I know you would make it back here sooner or later . he grin at John as he step from the truck , and then clock terminator get out . salceda oye , Big John ! que pasa ? who 's you very large friend ? JOHN ( perfect Spanish ) he 's cool , Enrique . he 's ... uh ... this be my uncle bob. ( to terminator , in English ) uncle Bob , this be Enrique . terminator smile . sort of . salceda squint at he , salceda hmmm . uncle Bob , huh ? okay . ( yell ) yolanda . get out here , we get company . and bring some fuck tequila ! a thin guatemalan kid , franco , eighteen or so , come out of the trailer with the AK - 47 , follow by salceda 's wife , yolanda . she have three young child with she , from a five - year - old girl , juanita , to a year - and - half - old boy . she wave at John . they exchange greeting in Spanish . they seem like nice people . terminator look down at John , next to he . he say quietly ... terminator uncle Bob ? salceda ( to Sarah ) so , sarahlita , you get famous , you know that ? all over the goddamn tv . salceda rip the cap off the tequila bottle . the two - year- old toddle to terminator and grab he pants , sliming they with drool . terminator look down at the tiny kid , fascinate . what be it ? he pick up the child with one huge hand . look at it . turn it different way . study it . then set it down . the kid waddle off , a little dizzy . salceda honey , take pacolito . thanks , baby . she hand he the tequila and take the child . salceda take a long pull from the cuervo bottle . salceda ( to terminator ) drink ? terminator gesture " no " at the proffer bottle , but Sarah grab it and take a long pull . she lower it without expression . her eye do not even water . sarah I just come for my stuff . and I need clothes , food , and one of you truck . salceda ( grin ) hey , how about the filling out of my fuck tooth while you be at it ? sarah now , Enrique . ( turn to terminator and John ) you two be on weapon detail . CUT to : a103 ext . compound / behind the trailer there be a aging and rusted caterpillar sit behind one of the trailer . John expertly back it toward terminator who be hold one end of a piece of heavy chain which disappear into the sand . JOHN hook it on . terminator hook the chain onto the towhook on the back of the tractor . John hit the throttle and the cat churn its tread , pull some massive load . a six - by-eight foot sheet of steel plate move slowly under six inch of sand . John drag it far enough to reveal ... a rectangular hole in the ground . like the mouth of a tomb . the kid drop down from the tractor and walk to the hole . JOHN one thing about my mom ... she always plan ahead . a104 int . weapon cache from inside the " tomb " . sunlight slashes down into a cinder - block room , less than six foot wide but over twenty long . Sand spill down the step . the wall be line with gun . John precede terminator into Sarah 's weapon cache . rifles , pistol , rocket launcher , mortar , rpgs , radio gear . at the far end , box contain ammo , grenade , etc . be stack to the ceiling . terminator get real alert . scan , wonder where to begin . he pick up a mac - 10 machine pistol . rack the bolt . terminator excellent . JOHN yeah , I think you would like this place . a105 ext . compound / nearby Sarah emerge from a trailer . she have change . boot , black fatigue pants , T-shirt . shade . she look hard . salceda be nearby , pack food and other survival equipment with yolanda . he look up as Sarah approach , and slap the side of a big four - by bronco next to he , salceda this be the best truck , but the water pump be blow . you get the time to change it out ? sarah yeah . I be gonna wait till dark to cross the border . ( she pull he away from yolanda ) Enrique , it 's dangerous for you here . you get out tonight , too , okay ? salceda yeah , saralita . sure. ( he grin ) just drop by any time and totally fuck up my life . she slap he on the shoulder . CUT to : a106 int . weapon cache terminator return from carry out several case of ammo . John be select rifle from a long rack . JOHN see , I grow up in place like this , so I just think it be how people live ... riding around in helicopter . learn how to blow shit up . John grab a AK - 47 and rack the bolt with a practice action . inspect the receiver for wear . do not like what he see . put be back . his movement be efficient . professional . uninterested . JOHN then , when Mom get bust I get put in a regular school . the other kid be , like , into nintendo . terminator have find a Vietnam - era " blooper " m - 79 grenade launcher . a very crude but effective weapon . he open the breech and inspect the bore . JOHN be you ever afraid ? terminator pause for a second . the think never occur to he . he search he mind for the answer ... terminator no . terminator sling the m-79 and start look for the grenade . JOHN not even of die ? terminator no . JOHN you do not feel any emotion about it one way or the other ? terminator no . I have to stay functional until my mission be complete . then it do not matter . John be idly spin a sig saur 9 mm pistol on he finger ... backwards and forward like bat masteron . JOHN yeah . I have to stay functional too . ( sing -songy ) " I be too important " . terminator pull back a canvas tarp , revealing a squat , heavy weapon with six barrel cluster in a blunt cylinder . chain -ammo be feed from a canister sit next to it . a g.e. mini - gun . the most fearsome anti-personnel weapon of the Vietnam era . terminator heft it . look at John as if to say " can i? please ? " JOHN it 's definitely you . CUT to : a107 ext . compound - day / later Sarah and John have they weapon and supply selection laid out on two batter picnic table for clean and pack . Maps , radio , document , explosive , detonator ... just the basic . Sarah be field - stripping and clean gun , very methodical . there be no waste motion . not far away , John and terminator be work on the bronco . they be greasy up to they elbow , lie on they back under the engine compartment , ratchete bolt into place on the new water pump . JOHN there be this one guy that be kinda cool . he teach I engine . hold this a second . Mom screw it up , of course . sooner or later she would always tell they about judgment Day and I be this world leader and that 's be all she write . John think he 's be causal , but he long for some kind of parental connection be obvious . terminator torque wrench please . JOHN here . I wish I coulda meet my real dad . terminator you will . JOHN yeah . I guess so . my mom say when I be , like , 45 , I think , I send he back through time to 1984 . but right now he have not even be bear yet . man , be mess with you head . where 's that other bolt ? ( terminator hand it to he ) thanks . Mom and he be only together for one night , but she still love he , I guess . I see she cry sometimes . she deny it totally , of course . like she say she get something in she eye . they crawl out from under the truck into the bright sunlight . terminator why do you cry ? JOHN you mean people ? I do not know . we just cry . you know . when it hurt . terminator pain cause it ? JOHN uh-unh , no , it 's different ... it 's when there 's nothing wrong with you but you hurt anyway . you get it ? terminator no . terminator get into the bronco and turn the ignition key and the engine catch with a roar . JOHN alriight !! my man ! terminator no problemo . John grin and do a victorious thumb up . terminator imitate the gesture awkwardly . John laugh and make he get out of the truck , to try the move again . a108 sarah , across the compound , pause in she work to watch John and terminator . a109 sarah' Pov ... we do not hear what John and terminator be say . it be a soundless pantomime as John be try to show some other gesture to the cyborg . try to get he to walk more casually . John walk , then terminator try it , then John gesture wildly , talk very fast ... explain the fundamental principle of cool . they try it again . continue ad lib as we hear : sarah ( v.o. ) watch John with the machine , it be suddenly so clear . the terminator would never stop , it would never leave he ... it would always be there . and it would never hurt he , never shout at he or get drunk and hit he , or say it could not spend time with he because it be too busy . and it would die to protect he . of all the would - be father who come and go over the year , this thing , this machine , be the only one who measure up . in a insane world , it be the sanest choice . Sarah clenches she jaw and go grimly back to work ... a strong woman make hard and cold by year of hard choice . CUT to ; a110 ext . road - day a police cruiser be park off the side of a quiet , empty road on the outskirt of Los Angeles . a ribbon of traffic move steadily by on a freeway in the distance . nothing stir around the cruiser except some pump -jack suck the earth on the hill behind it . a111 in the cruiser . the T -1000 sit inside . John 's note and letter be spread out on the seat beside it . Sarah 's voice speak from a cassette deck . John 's tape . her voice mix with the static fill chatter of the radio that T - 1000 monitor for any sign of its target . sarah ... if we be ever separate , and can not make contact , go to Enrique 's airstrip . I will rendezvous with you there . t-1000 whip around and rewind the tape , replaying the last section . it then snap up the envelope of photo we see earlier . ecu on envelope . we see the postmark : " charon Mesa , Calif . " tight on T - 1000 stare at the postmark on the envelope . it glance up at the sound of crunching gravel . in the rear-view it see a bike cop pull onto the shoulder behind it . the big kawasaki 1100 idle up next to the T - 1000 , still seat in the cruiser . bike cop howdy . I see you pull over here earlier . everything okay ? t-1000 everything 's fine . thanks for check . ( it get slowly out of the car ) since you be here , though , can I talk to you a second ... CUT to : a112 ext . highway - day / minute later the t-1000 thunder along on the kawasaki 1100 , do about a hundred and twenty . pan with it until it recede toward the horizon . CUT to : a113 ext . compound - day ( late afternoon ) Sarah sit at the picnic table . the weapon be clean and she work be do . she have not sleep in twenty - four hour and she seem to have the weight of the whole world on she shoulder . she draw she knife from its belt sheath . idly start to carve something on the table top ... the letter " N " . a114 not far away , John and terminator be pack the bronco for the trip . a115 on sarah , at the table as she look up from she carve , think . she watch salceda 's kid play nearby ... wrestle with a mutty dog and loving it . Sarah watch yolanda walk she toddler by she hand . backlit , stylize . she look over at John . load gun and supplies . a116 angle on kid play . a117 sarah' head droops . she close she eye . a118 tight on small child play . different one . wider now , to reveal a playground in a park . very idyllic . a dream playground , crowded with laugh child play on swing , slide , and a jungle gym . it could be the playground we see melt and freeze in the post-nuclear desolation of 2029 . but here the grass be vibrant green and the sun be shine . 118a Sarah , short -haire , look drab and paramilitary , stand outside the playground . a outsider . her finger be hook in a chain -link fence and she be stare through the fence at the young mother play with they kid . a grim -face harbinger . 118b some girl play skip-rope . they sing - song weave through the random burbling laughter of the kid . one of the young mother walk she two - year- old son by the hand . she be wear a pink waitress uniform . she turn to we , laugh . it be Sarah . beautiful . radiant . Sarah from another life , uncontaminated by the dark future . she glance at the strange woman beyond the fence . 118c grim -face Sarah press against the fence . she start shouting at they in slow motion . no sound come from she mouth . she grab the fence in frustration , shaking it . scream soundlessly . waitress Sarah 's smile fall . then return as she little boy throw some sand at she . she laugh , turn away , as if the woman at the fence be a shadow , a trick of light . 118d-118f omitted 118g the sky explode . the child ignite like match head . Sarah be burn , scream silently , everything silent and overexpose . 118h the blast wave hit ... devour the cower mother and child . Sarah 's scream merge with the howl of the wind as the shockwave rip into she , blast she apart and she ... 119 wake up . all be quiet and normal . the child be still play nearby . less than fifteen minute have go by . bath in sweat , Sarah sit hunch over the table . every muscle be shaking . she be gasp . Sarah struggle to breathe , run she hand through she hair which be soak with sweat , she can escape from the hospital , but she can not escape from the madness which haunt she . she look down at the word she have carve on the table , amid the scrawle heart and bird -dropping . they be : " no fate . " something change in she eye . she slam she knife down in the table top , embed it deeply in the word . then get up suddenly and we -- CUT to : a120 long lens on Sarah walk toward we , stride across the compound with grim purpose . she carry a small nylon pack and a car - 15 assault rifle . her face be a impassive mask . she have become a terminator . a120a JOHN look up from he work in time to see Sarah throw the rifle behind the seat of they steal pickup , jump in and start it . she slam it in gear . salceda walk up to John . salceda she say you go south with he ... ( he point at terminator ) ... tonight , like you plan . she will meet you tomorrow in ... but John be move , run after she . JOHN mommm !! wait !! a120b moving with sarah as she leave the compound . we see John run after she ... yell . can not hear he word . she look in the rear - view mirror but do not slow down . CUT to : a121 ext . compound - dusk / minute later John and terminator ponder the message carve into the top of the picnic table . Sarah 's knife be still embed there . JOHN " no fate . " no fate but what we make . my father tell she this ... I mean I make he memorize it , up in the future , as a message to she -- never mind . okay , the whole thing go " the future be not set . there be no fate but what we make for ourselves . " terminator she intend to change the future somehow . JOHN I guess , yeah -- ( snap he finger as it hit he ) oh shit !! terminator dyson . JOHN yeah , gotta be ! mile dyson ! she 's gonna blow he away ! John motion to terminator and break into a run . JOHN come on . let 's go . let' go !! CUT to : a122 int ./ ext . sarah be jeep - dusk Sarah speed through the darken desert . expressionless . in she dark glass , she look as pitiless as a insect . dissolve to : a123 ext . highway - night tracking with the bronco , terminator and John head toward L.A. terminator this be tactically dangerous . JOHN drive faster . terminator the T -1000 have the same file that I do . it could anticipate this move and reacquire you at dyson 's house . JOHN I do not care . we have gotta stop she . terminator killing dyson might actually prevent the war . JOHN I do not care !! there 's gotta be another way . have not you learn anything ?! have not you figure out why you can not kill people ? terminator be still stump . JOHN look , maybe you do not care if you live or die . but everybody 's not like that ! okay ?! we have feeling . we hurt . we be afraid . you gotta learn this stuff , man , I be not kid . it 's important . panning as they pass , revealing the light of the city ahead . CUT to : a124 ext , dyson be house - night the house be high - tech and luxurious . lot of glass . dyson 's study be light bluish with the glow of he computer monitor . he be at the terminal , work . where else ? we see he clearly in a long shot from a embankment behind the house . a dark figure move into the foreground . Rack focus to Sarah as she turn into profile . she raise the car - 15 rifle and begin screwing the long heavy cylinder of a sound - suppresser onto the end of the barrel . CUT to : a125-a125k omitted 129 omitted 129a int . dyson house dyson 's kid , Danny and blythe , be play in the hall with a radio - control off-road truck . Danny drive and blythe scamper after it , try to catch it . they stop in the hall outside dyson 's study and see he work at he terminal . Danny put a finger to he lip , shushing blythe . his expression be mischievous . 129b with the silencer in place , Sarah ease back the bolt and then slip it forward , chamber a .223 round . then she lie down on the embankment . he cheek press against the cool rifle-stock , she slide one hand slowly forward to brace the weapon , take the weight on she elbow . her other hand slip knowingly to the trigger . her expression be cold , impassive . she look through the scope at the man in the house . she feel nothing as she raise the rifle . 130 omitted 130a int . dyson's house dyson , in deep think . the rhythmic sound of key as he work . symbol on the screen shift . on he back we see the glow red dot appear . it be the target dot of Sarah 's laser designator . it move silently up he back toward he head . 131 ext . dyson house / embankment in extreme closeup we see Sarah 's eye at the night -scope . tight insert on she finger as it tighten on the trigger , take out the slack . she take a deep breath and hold it . adjust she position minutely . 132 int . dyson house the laser dot jiggle on the back of dyson 's neck and then rise , center on the back of he skull . 132a low angle as Danny 's bigfoot truck roar toward we -- filling frame . thump . it hit dyson 's foot . he jerk , startle , and look down as -- pop !! 132b his monitor screen be blown out spraying he with glass . he jerk back , utterly shocked ... and spin to see the huge hole blow through the window behind he . this save he as k-thump ! -- the second shot blow the top of he high - back chain into a explosion of stuff a inch from he head . instinctively he dive to the carpet as -- blam blam blam -- round blast through the window , tear into he desk and computer , blow he keyboard into shrapnel . 132c with the monitor screen blow out , the room be in darkness . Sarah can not see dyson now , down behind he desk . she put round after round into the heavy desk , blast one side of it into kindling . 132d dyson , scared out of he mind , have he face jamme against the carpet , terrify to move . he see he kid in the hall . dyson run , kid ! go! run ! 132e in the hall , tarissa round the corner at a dead run . she see the kid run toward she and grab they in she arm . down the hall , in the dark study , she see dyson on the floor amid the splinter and shrapnel of the continue fusillade . tarissa mile ! oh my God !! mile stay back !! 132f on the floor , dyson flinch as chuck of wood and shattered computer component shower down on he . he look desperately toward the door , but know he would be totally expose . he would never make it . 133 sarah 's rifle empty with a final clack ! she throw it down and draw she .45 smoothly from a shoulder base . she start toward the house , snap back the slide on the pistol , chamber a round . she be in a fast , purposeful walk , keep she eye fix on the target . she be utterly determine to kill this man . 134 from under the desk dyson can see a sliver in the backyard . he see Sarah 's foot as she stride toward he . he tense to make a break for the door . Sarah raise the pistol , eye rivete ahead , control she breathe . dyson spring up in a full - tilt sprint . she track he . he hook a foot on the cord of a topple disk drive . boom ! her shot blow apart a lamp where he head be . he hit the floor hard , but keep move , scramble forward . crunch of glass behind he as Sarah 's dark form be frame in the blow - out floor - to- ceiling window . dyson leap toward the hall . boom ! her second shot spin he . he hit the floor in the hallway . tarissa be scream . dyson struggle forward , stunne . there be a .45 - caliber hole clean through he leave shoulder . he smear the wall with blood as he stagger up . look back , he see the implacable figure behind he , come on . he topple through a doorway as -- boom ! boom ! Shots blow away the molding where he just be . 135 ext . dyson house / STREET terminator and John leap from the jeep , sprinting toward the house . the shot sound muffle from outside . JOHN shit , we be too late ! 136 int . house advance with Sarah we enter the live area . tarissa have blythe and she 's scream at Danny , who have run back to he collapse father . tarissa Danny ! danny ! danny daaaaddddeeee ! Danny be pull at dyson , cry and scream , as he father try to stagger forward . tarissa drop blythe and run back for dyson , grab he . Sarah loom behind they with the pistol aim . sarah do not fuck move ! do not fucking move !! ( she swing the gun on tarissa ) get on the floor , bitch ! now !! Fucking down ! now !! Sarah be crazy - eye now , shaking with the intensity of the moment . the kill have go bad , with scream kid and the wife involved ... thing she never figure on . tarissa drop to the knee , terrify as she look into the muzzle of the gun . blythe run to dyson and hug he , wail . blythe do not hurt my father ! sarah ( scream ) shut up , kid ! get out of the way !! dyson look up , through he pain and incomprehension . why be this nightmare happen ? the black gun muzzle be a foot from he face . dyson ( gasp ) please ... let ... the kid ... go ... sarah shut up ! shut up !! motherfucker ! it 's all you fault ! it's you fault !! we see she psyching herself to pull the trigger ... need now to hate this man she do not know . it 's a lot harder face - to-face . she be bath in sweat , and it run into she eye . blink , she wipe it fast with one hand , then get it back on the gun . the .45 be tremble . tight on sarah as we see the force at war behind she eye . she look into the face of dyson , tarissa , blythe , Danny . Sarah take a sharp breath and all the muscle in she arm contract as she tense to fire . but she finger will not do it . she lower the gun very slowly . it drop to she side in one hand . all the breath and energy seem to go out of she . she weakly raise she other hand in a strange gesture , like " stay where you be , do not move " . as if , should they move , the fragile balance might tip back the other way . she back away from they slowly , panting . it 's as if she 's back away in terror from what she almost do . she reach a wall and slump against it . slide down to she knee . the gun fall limply from she finger . she rest she cheek against the wall . 136a the front door be kick in . terminator step inside . John grab he sleeve and push past he . he scope out the situation in two second ... Sarah , the gun , the sobbing family . John move to Sarah while terminator check dyson . John kneel in front of he mother . she raise she head to look at he . he see the tear spilling down she cheek , JOHN Mom ? you okay ? sarah I could not ... oh , god. ( she seem to she he for the first time ) you ... come here ... to stop I ? JOHN uh huh . she reach out and take he shoulder suddenly , surprising he ... draw he to she . she hug he and a great sob well up deep inside she , from a spring she have think long dry . she hug he fiercely as the sob wrack she . John clutches she shoulder . it be all he ever want . JOHN it 's okay . it will by okay . we will figure it out . sarah I love you , John . I always have . JOHN I know , Mom . I know . tarissa look around at the bizarre tableau . terminator have wordlessly rip open dyson 's shirt and examine the wound . terminator clean penetration . no shattered bone . Compression should control the loss of blood . he take tarissa 's hand and press they firmly over the entrance and exit wound . terminator do you have bandage ? dyson in the bathroom . Danny , can you get they for we ? Danny nod and run down the hall . John disengage from Sarah . she wipe she tear , the instinct to toughen up take over again . but the heal moment have have its effect , nevertheless . John walk toward dyson and terminator . dyson who be you people ? John draw the biker 's knife from terminator 's boot . hand it to he . JOHN show he . terminator take off he jacket to reveal bare arm . John take blythe by the hand and lead she down the hall , away from what be about to happen . 136b tight on terminator be leave forearm as the knife make a deep cut just below the elbow . in one smooth motion , terminator cut all the way around he arm . with a second cut , he split the skin of the forearm from elbow to wrist . terminator grasp the skin and strip be off he forearm like a surgeon rip off a rubber glove . it come off with a suck rip , leave a bloody skeleton . but the skeleton be make of bright metal , and be lace with hydraulic actuator . the finger be as finely craft as watch part ... they flex into a fist and extend . terminator hold it up , palm out , in almost the exact position of the one in the vault at cyberdyne , hold on dyson reacting to the servo-hand in front of he . he 's see one of this before . tarissa be scream now , but he do not hear she . dyson my God . terminator now listen to I very carefully . 137 int . house / kitchen - later Sarah put out she fifth cigarette . she 's sit on the counter . John , terminator , dyson , and tarissa be at the kitchen table , under a single overhead light . dyson look like that guy on the sistine Chapel wall , the damned soul ... eye fix and stare with terrifying knowledge . his shoulder be bandage . terminator 's arm be wrap with a blood - soak bandage below the elbow . the steel forearm and hand gleam in the harsh kitchen light . tracking around the table as terminator speak ... we do not hear the word . sarah ( v.o. ) dyson listen while the terminator laid it all down . skynet . judgment Day ... the history of thing to come . it 's not every day you find out you be responsible for 3 billion death . he take it pretty well , consider ... terminator finish speak . dyson I feel like I 'm gonna throw up . he look around at they , clutching the table like he 's about to blow away . his face , he posture , he rag voice express soul - wrenching terror . this be a man rip out of normal life into they grim world . his voice be plead . dyson you be judge I on thing 's I have not even do yet . Jesus . how be we suppose to know ? Sarah speak from the shadow behind they . dyson turn to find she look right at he . sarah yeah . right . how be you suppose to know ? Fucking man ... all you know how to do be thrust into the world with you ... fuck idea and you weapon . do you know that every gun in the world be name after a man ? colt , brown , Smith , Thompson , kalashnikov ... all man . Men build the hydrogen bomb , not woman ... man like you think it up . you be so creative . you do not know what it 's like to really create something ... to create a life . to feel it grow inside you . all you know how to create be death ... you fuck bastard . JOHN Mom , Mom , we need to be more constructive here . I do not see this as a gender- related issue . ( to the dyson ) she 's still tense . ( to Sarah ) we still have to figure out how to stop it all from happen . right ? tarissa but I think ... be not we change thing ? I mean ... right now ? change the way it go ? dyson ( seize on that ) that 's right ! there 's no way I be go to finish the new processor now . forget it . I be out of it . I be quit cyberdyne tomorrow ... I will sell real estate , I do not care , , , sarah ( coldly ) that 's not good enough . dyson 's voice be pitiful . dyson look , whatever you want I to do , I will do . I just want my kid to have a chance to grow up , okay ? terminator no one must follow you work . dyson ( thought racing ) alright , yeah . you be right . we have to destroy the stuff at the lab , the file , disk drive ... and everything I have here . everything ! I do not care . CUT to : 138 FIRE roaring in a metal trash barrel . stack of file be dumped onto it . wider reveal we be in -- 138a ext , dyson's backyard - night terminator dump lighter fluid liberally over the fire , which flare up , lighting he face demonically . Sarah , dyson , tarissa , and John return from he office with more stuff -- file , note , optical disk . even he kid be carry stuff . it all go into the fire . dyson drop the prototype onto the fire ... he eye hollow and distant . he stare into the fire , watch he world burn . the have a sudden think . dyson do you know about the chip ? sarah what chip ? dyson they have it in a vault at cyberdyne ... ( to terminator ) it 's gotta be from the other one like you . terminator ( to Sarah ) the cpu from the first terminator . sarah Son of a bitch , I know it ! dyson they tell we not to ask where they get it . I think ... Japan ... hell , I do not know . I do not want to know . sarah that lie motherfucker ! dyson I be scary stuff , radically advanced . it be shattered ... do not work . but it give we idea , it take we in new direction ... thing we would never have think of . all this work be base on it . terminator I must be destroy . sarah ( to dyson ) can you get we in there , past security ? dyson I think so , yeah . when ? dyson look at she , terminator , then John . see he answer . dyson now ? ( he take a breath ) yeah , right . he turn to he wife . her face be streak with tear , but she eye be strong and clear . tarissa put she hand on he arm . she be stunne by what she 's hear , but deal with it . she believe they . tarissa mile , I be scared . okay . but the only thing that scare I more than you go ... be you not go . he nod . she 's right . sarah ( to terminator ) be it safe for they here ? terminator ( to tarissa ) take you kid . go to a hotel . right now . do not pack . ( to the other ) let 's go . CUT to : 138b ext , highway - night pavement rush at we , light by headlight . Beyond , darkness . sarah ( v.o. ) the future , always so clear to I , have become like a black highway at night . we be in unchart territory now ... make up history as we go along . tilt up to reveal a rectangle of light ahead . the cyberdyne Building ... 139 int . cyberdyne system build / lobby - night tight on a card -key scanner as dyson 's hand zip he security card through a slot in one motion . there be the sound of a servo-lock , and -- 139a dyson enter the spacious lobby , follow by Sarah , John , and terminator last of all . in a frontal angle , the other block terminator from view . the guard at the front desk , gibbon , look up as dyson move toward he . dyson be pale and sweaty , but smile warmly at the guard , speak well before he reach the desk . dyson even , Paul . this be friend of mine from out of town , I just think I would take they up and show they around . gibbon I be sorry , Mr. dyson . you know the rule about visitor in the lab . I need write authoriz -- k-chak ! gibbon be stare down the barrel of Sarah 's .45 and terminator 's mac - 10 . terminator I insist . the guard be too stunne to move . we see that terminator be wear he jacket and one black glove . gibbon 's eye go to the silent alarm button on the console . sarah do not even think about it . gibbon nod . he stay freeze . terminator circle quickly and get the guard out of the chair . John pull a roll of duct - tape from he knapsack and tear off a piece . 140 int . second floor corridor elevator door OPEN and terminator lead the group warily into the corridor . they have a cart pile high with gear in nylon bag . dyson motion down the corridor to the right . as they walk , he continue to fill they in -- dyson the vault need two key to open . mine ... ( hold up key ) ... and one from the security station . it 's in a locker but my card should access it . here we go . they stand in front of a wide security door . a sign above read special project division : authorized personnel only . dyson zip he key-card through the scanner and the door unlatch . 141 omitted 142 int . first floor corridor / lobby a roving guard , moshier , stroll down the long corridor from the first - floor office block . a punch clock swing at he hip , and he 's just complete he circuit of the building . he pass the back of elevator and round the corner to the front desk , call out -- moshier honey , I be home ... he see the desk be desert and frown . figure gibbon must be in the can , so check that first before get alarmed . tracking with he to the restroom around the corner , moshier hey , man , you should not leave the -- 142a over he shoulder we see past the door as he push it open , revealing gibbon handcuff to the urinal . moshier spin on a dime and sprint to the desk where he slam down on the silent alarm button . 153 int . security station the security station be a pass - through area with a counter , behind which be desk and a bank of monitor , show boring movie about empty corridor . dyson cross quickly to a locker behind the monitor area . he swished he card repeatedly through the scanner on the locker . nothing happen . the light on the locker be blink red . Sarah notice dyson 's alarmed expression . dyson what ? what be it ? dyson whip around , stare at a light flash on the console behind he . dyson Silent alarm 's be trip . it neutralize the code throughout the building . nothing will open now . we see he nerve snap . dyson we should abort . sarah no !! we be go all the way ! you get that , dyson ? she 's right in he face . somehow , it work for he . he nod , get some resolve from somewhere . 144 int . lobby moshier 's get gibbon loose . he 's on the phone to the cop . gibbon ... multiple armed subject . look , I think it 's the guy from that mall shootout , and the woman ... yeah , she . pretty sure . just send everything you have get in the area -- 145 int . security station ./ lab John jump up on the desk next to the wall - mount locker . dyson stare in amazement as John start pull he counter - electronics gear out of he knapsack . it 's just another ready - teller to he . JOHN you guy get start on the lab ... I can open this . 145a dyson lead terminator and Sarah to the main lab door . another servo-lock . he try he card . nothing . dyson no good . terminator let I try mine . he unsling the m - 79 , pull it over he shoulder in one motion . Sarah grab dyson and drag he back down the hall . terminator open the breach and slide in one of the fat 40 mm h.e. grenade . he flip the thing close with a snap of the wrist . sarah ( yell as she run ) John ! fire-in-the-hole ! John drop what he be do , and cover he ear . terminator fire at inhumanely close range . 145b the door explode into kindling . the concussion blow he jacket open , and fly shrapnel whizze all around he . before the thunderclap have fade terminator walk into the fire and smoke . John go back to work without miss a beat . Sarah and a stunne dyson walk through the burn doorframe into the artificial Intelligence Lab . a siren be sounding . the halon FIRE - control system have be trigger . the invisible gas roar in , put out the flame . dyson Fire 's set off the halo system ! here ... hurry ! dyson run to a wall cabinet and pull out some breathing mask . he hand one to Sarah and don the other . then he reach out to hand one to terminator . dyson here ! terminator do not need a mask , since be oxygen requirement be so low . he ignore dyson as he remove he massive backpack and open it . dyson shrug and toss the mask on a desk . he turn to Sarah . dyson ( yell through the mask ) we will have to keep this on a couple minute , till the gas clear . terminator pull two five - gallon jerry - can of gasoline from he pack . Sarah start pull out book -size , olive - grab claymore mine , stack they next to the gasoline . dyson stare . part of he can not believe they be really do this . CUT to : 146 int . dyson house - night the t-1000 move slowly though the ravage office , analyze what have happen here . it walk down the dark hallway . the place be desert . the police - walkie clipped on its belt ( real , not simulate ) blare to life . dispatcher ( v.o. ) all unit , all unit . 211 in progress at 2144 Kramer Street , the cyberdyne building . multiple suspect , armed with automatic weapon and explosive . swat unit be en route ... 147 ext . house / STREET the T -1000 sprint up and throw its leg over the big c.h.p. kawasaki . fire it up . it smoke a arcing scorch - mark on the pavement as it spin around and roar away . CUT to : 148 int . cyberdyne build / lab tight on a large disk drive . state-of- the-art . very expensive . a FIRE axe smashes down through the housing , shatter the disk . 148a wider , revealing a scene of high - tech pillage . terminator beat the disk drive into junk and step to another . wham . same routine . he 's already demolish half a dozen . Sarah topple a file cabinet , scatter file . dyson stagger up with a armload of heavy m-o ( magnetic-optical ) disk and drop they on a grow stack in the middle of the floor . he and Sarah have they breathe mask hang down around they neck , since the halon gas have dissipate . dyson ( to Sarah , panting ) yeah , all that stuff ! and all the disk in that office . especially my office ... everything in my office ! ( to terminator ) this , too ! this be important . ( smash ! ) and all this here ... that 's it . 148b Sarah go into dyson 's office and start hurl everything out the door onto the central junkpile ... book , file , everything on the desk . a framed photo of dyson 's wife and kid land on top of the heap . tarissa , hugging Danny and blythe , all grin . the glass be shattered . 148c terminator cut a swath , under dyson 's direction , explode equipment into fragment with he inhuman swing . smash ! it 's carnage . million in hardware , and all irreplaceable fruit of they year of research ... shattered , break , dumped in a heap for the big bonfire of destiny . dyson stop a second , panting . dyson give I that thing a second . terminator hand he the axe . dyson heft it one-hand . he turn to a lab table ... on it be another prototype processor . dyson I have work for year on this thing . swing awkwardly but with great force he smashes the axe down onto the processor prototype , explode it into fragment . his shoulder be agony , but he look satisfied . 149 int . second floor security station John tap away at he little lap - top , which be run code combination into the card - key lock . suddenly , the green light on the lock go on and it unlock with a clunk . JOHN easy money . he whip it open , revealing a rack of key . but the vault - key be distinctive , a long steel rectangle on a neck -chain . John grab it and run toward the lab . 150 int . lab Sarah and terminator be work like a crack team , rigging the explosive . she be taping the claymore to the gas can with duct tape to create powerful incendiary bomb . terminator be attach claymore and block of C - 4 plastic explosive to the large mainframe computer cabinet nearby . all the claymore be wire back to one detonator with have a radio - control relay switch . dyson how do you set they off ? terminator show he a remote detonator , a small transmitter with a red plunger . terminator Radio remote . he make a plunger - push motion with he thumb and a accompany " click " sound . dyson nod . just then John come run in , hold up the key . JOHN I get it . piece of cake . sarah ( to dyson and terminator ) go! I will finish here . they run out as the SOUND of siren grow louder outside . terminator I will deal with the police . JOHN remember what I say , you can not ... terminator trust I . 151 ext . cyberdyne build the security duo of moshier and gibbon cower behind car in the parking lot in front of the building . they turn as l.a.p.d. black - and -white pour into the lot , turn the area into a disco of whirling blue and red light . 152 omitted 153 ext . cyberdyne build the cop be jump from they car and ducking behind they . emphasis on small arm here . behind they a ugly black swat van screech into the lot . 153a we hear the thump of rotors as a police chopper arrive and swing in close to the building . it rake its xenon spotlight through the second floor office . 154 int . / ext . second floor office terminator cross the office toward the floor - to-ceil window . he be outline starkly by the spotlight as it rake through the dark office . without break stride he kick a executive desk toward the window . 154a Glass explode outward and the desk topple , fall to the sidewalk below . 154b terminator , stand at the edge , fire a long burst with strafe the police car line up below . cop duck as glass fly . terminator , with he superb aim , hit no one . but notice be serve . 154c the cop ( surprise ) FIRE back . terminator turn and be walk calmly from the window as glass , office furniture , drape etc . be riddled by return fire . a few round hit he back , but he do not notice . he reload as he walk . 155 int . vault antechamber tight on a key insert into one of the vault lock . wider as John and dyson stand poise , hand on key . JOHN and let 's see what 's behind door number one . dyson nod and they turn the key together . the vault grumble to itself , withdraw it lock bolt with a final klonk ! together dyson and John swing the door open . 156 ext . / int . lobby the varsity take the field as the swat troopers sprint forward by squad . they flank the lobby and work they way inside , deploy rapidly . they move and freeze , behind cover , quivering with adrenaline . they have all that great swat equipment : body armor , gas -mask , m - 16 , tear - gas launcher , rope . the work . they make a lot of hand signal and keep they mouth shut . they be well - train and deadly . 157 outside we see cop fire tear gas grenade through the break window into second - floor office . 158 int . vault John and dyson be isolate from the world in this silent steel womb . dyson open the cabinet contain the terminator relic . it 's John turn to stare with uneasy deja - vu as he see the terminator hand and cpu . then in one vicious move he sweep he arm behind the inert - gas flask and hurl they to the floor . they shatter . John snatch the cpu and the metal hand out of the break glass . JOHN get ol ' skynet by the ball now , mile . come on , let 's book ! clutch the steel hand and pockete the chip like it 's a Mars bar he just buy , John run out . dyson follow . 159 int . first floor corridor / stairwell we see the advance squad of swat make it to one of the stairwell . they start up , two at a time , cover each other ritualistically by the number . 160 int . lab / hall John pelt into the lab with dyson stumbling along behind he . Sarah be just finish wiring all the charge to the central detonator . JOHN ready to rock ? sarah ready . John toss she the metal hand . she catch it and bend to put the hand in she empty back - pack . Sarah zip the pack and start to shuck into it . dyson 's run out of steam . the bandage at he shoulder be soak with seeping blood . he stand in the middle of the lab , say goodbye in he mind , look weak and empty . terminator stride into the lab . terminator time to go . right now . he and John head back the way they come , through security . Sarah see that in she work , she have set the detonator down twenty foot away , near where dyson be stand . sarah dyson , hand I the detonator . let 's go -- he gingerly pick up the detonator . start toward she . then -- 160a crash !! the door at the back end of the lab be kicked OPEN . swat leader and two other OPEN FIRE . they m - 16 rake the room . Sarah dive behind a computer cabinet . dyson be hit . he be slam to the floor by the impact . 161 in the hall , John hear the fire and spin to run back . JOHN mommm !!! terminator grab he as bullet slam into he broad back . he make it around the corner with John , out of the line of fire . 162 in the lab , bullet rake over Sarah 's head , smack all around she , clanging into the machine protect she . she can see dyson , slump on the floor . debris and fly glass rain on she as the swat pour on the fire . the detonator be clutch in he hand . he roll to face she , he eye bulg from the pain of he tear - up gut . dyson go . 162a Sarah hesitates a split second . then she snap-rolls and fast - crawl through break glass and debris into the hall where -- terminator grab she by the jacket and haul she roughly to she foot . bullet rake the wall behind they as they sprint forward . they round the corner . John do a fast take that she 's not hit and they run together through the security checkpoint . 163 int . security station / corridor John reach the first door , and try it . lock . terminator unsling the m-79 blooper smoothly , open the breach . terminator get back . he pull a grenade from the bandolier over he shoulder , and slide it into the bore . flick he wrist . the breech snap shut . Sarah and John have a split second to duck and cover . terminator cover you ear and open you mouth . 163a they do . kaboom !!! twenty foot away the door , and half the wall around it , explode outward . the backblast hit terminator full force , but he stride through the smoking hole before the debris have even hit the floor . 164 omitted 165 int . lab swat leader move cautiously through the lab . cat-step , he circle around a desk which block dyson 's body from he view . his m - 16 be levele crisply . we look over he shoulder as he round the desk , revealing -- mile dyson be not dead . he will be very soon , but at this moment he be conscious . he have propped himself up against the desk , and hold a book in one hand . a heavy technical manual . below the book be the detonator , upright on the tile floor . the message be clear . " shoot I , the book drop on the plunger . adios . " dyson wheeze , try to draw enough breath to talk . dyson I do not know ... how much longer ... I can ... hold this thing ... swat leader seem to see the wire , the claymore , the gas can all around he for the first time . his eye , visible through he gas - mask , go very wide . he spin and motion he squad back . leader fall back !! everybody out ! move it ! out now ! they retreat so fast they crash into the next group come up the stair . 166 int . corridor terminator reach the main elevator . Hit the button . Sarah and John be cough and stumbling in the choke darkness , buddy - breathe with the single mask . the door open . they get in the elevator and head down . 167 int . lab dyson be lie amid the ruin of he dream . sprawle on the floor , he have he back propped up against the desk . he be bath in he own blood , which run out in long finger across the tile . his breathe be shallow and raspy . he still hold the book , tremble , above the switch . in he lap be the picture from he desk . he have pull it from the debris next to he . a tear trickle from he eye . his wife and child smile up at he through break glass . 168 omitted 169 CUT to the pupil of he eye , at the moment of death , the instant the light fade from he eye and he be go -- his arm drop and the book he the switch -- 170 ext . build as the face of the building explode in a eruption of glass and fire . remains of the second - floor window shower the parking lot and a huge fireball roll out , leaping into the sky . the cop look up , stunne . the helicopter bank away from the heat . Burning debris fall among the cop car and a number of officer break rank , pull back . 171 only one of they seem to be move with purpose . a bike cop who have just arrive drive through the disorganize crowd , directly toward the building . 171a t-1000 gun the bike up a ramp to a pedestrian bridge which cross from a parking structure to the cyberdyne building . it enter on the second floor , which be now a burn maze . 172 int . second floor / office / corridor t-1000 drive into the smoky wreckage . it draw a hoechler and koch mpk machine pistol and cruise slowly into the firelit office , scan . 172a in the corridor the bike skirt flame wreckage as it idle forward . t-1000 scan the leaping shadow for its prey . 173 int . ground floor / elevator / lobby the elevator door part and terminator ease a look out into the corridor . the wall on either side of he erupt with bullet hit . the swat have the lobby end of the corridor block off . they be totally trap , cut off and screw . JOHN ( to Sarah ) do not forget . it 's always darkness right before ... you be totally fuck . 173a the swat fire a tear - gas grenade toward the elevator . it spew the vicious cs gas out in a swirl cloud which envelop Sarah and John , who be press against the back wall of the elevator . terminator keep you eye close . do not move . ( they nod , eye squeeze shut ) I will be back . he sling the grenade launcher over he shoulder and walk out into the corridor . 173b blam . a tear - gas grenade ricochet from wall to wall as it fly down the corridor . it skid to rest in front of terminator , throw out a white cloud which quickly fill the corridor . 173c in the elevator , Sarah and John be choke , hand the breathe mask back and forth desperately . they be scar . this look like it . 173d angle on the swat team , grip they weapon at the mouth of the corridor . they watch the boil cloud , wait . 173e there Pov -- on the wall of boil smoke . a figure appear . walk totally unaffected . terminator emerge from the smoke . not even misty - eye . not what they expect . leader ( through megaphone ) stop where you be . lie down on the floor , face down . down on floor , now ! he continue to stride toward they . the swat tense up . they have never see anything like this . they be not sure what to do . closer and closer . leader Drop he . they OPEN FIRE . the corridor be fill with cracking thunder . the round tear into terminator 's chest . stomach . face . thighs . his leather jacket leap and jerk as the round hit he . the swat think the guy 's wear body armor or something . they keep fire . the round tear into he , staggering he slightly , but he keep move . leader you be not hit he ! swat # 1 ( get scared ) yes I be ! terminator draw he .45 smoothly . unhurry . he shoot the nearest man in the leave thigh . as he scream and drop , terminator shoot he in the right thigh . terminator bend down and pick up the shriek man 's weapon ... the tear -gas launcher . it be one of that new rotary job that hold 12 round in a big drum . terminator shoot the next swat in the chest with the tear - gas launcher . the gas canister hit the guy 's body armor and do not penetrate . but it 's like get slugge in the stomach with a full - swing from a baseball bat . the swat fold double and hit the tile , gasp . terminator be a image from Hell , a tall figure in shred black leather , streak with blood . one eye be a bloody socket , the metal eye-servo glisten . the flesh of one cheek hang down in tatter , revealing the chrome cheekbone beneath . the whole front of he jacket be blow open , revealing he metal armor chest . the remain swat start to fall back . one turn to run and -- kpow ! a gas canister nail he in the back , send he sprawling . 173f terminator fire three gas canister into the lobby . it fill rapidly with the white gas , cut the visibility to a few foot . it be total pandemonium . swat leader crouch in the fog , white - knuckling the rifle . terminator loom suddenly out of the mist right in front of he . poom ! terminator drill he in the leg with the .45 . as the guy scream and drop rifle to clutch he leg , terminator rip he gas mask off . the swat leader drop writhe to the floor , choke and gag , clutching he bleed thigh . terminator walk up to two swat at the front door . pow - pow . leg and leg . he snatch they mask as they fall . the gunfire have stop . nobody a see anything . scream and whimper echo in the smoke . 174 ext . build smoke boil out of the front door as a figure emerge . firing the tear - gas launcher with one hand , terminator launch all remain round among the cop vehicle . unprotect officer run , choke and half -blind , slamm into car and trip over each other . it be a total rout . 175 at the swat van on of the swat be rapidly hand out the remain mask to unprotect cop . a figure appear out of the smoke beside he . he look up . his mask be rip off and he be hand the empty launcher . instinctively he catch it . terminator grab he flak vest with one hand and sail he out into the mist . 175a int . swat van terminator stride the length of the van and climb into the driver 's seat . no key in the ignition . he flip down the sun visor . the key fall into he hand . he start the van and slam it into gear . 176 int . / ext . lobby the tear gas have clear to a thin haze . the uninjured swat be tend they wounded . they look up at the sound of shout and a roaring engine . 176a the swat van crash into the lobby in a explosion of glass and debris . cop scatter as the van screech across the lobby in a smoking one - eighty , slide to a stop across the corridor which lead to the bank of elevator . terminator back up until -- crunch -- he seal the corridor with the back of the van . 176b Sarah and John stumble along the corridor , cough . they leap into the back of the van and terminator hit the throttle . the van roar across the lobby and exit through blow - out window . CUT to : 177 int . / ext second floor t-1000 , astride the kawasaki , look down from a second - floor office and see the van tear across the parking lot with the remain cop fire at it . it know . it look around . analyze option . it see the helicopter hover outside the building at the end of this corner office block ... it twist full throttle on the powerful bike . roar through the office , accelerate fast , straight at the window -- 178 t-1000 blast out through the glass , airborne on the motorcycle . it rocket across the gap to the hover chopper and -- 178a slam into the canopy . the impact of bike and rider pitch the chopper radically . the startle pilot fight to regain control as the bike tumble to the pavement below . 178b the T -1000 do not . it cling to the shattered canopy . nightmarishly , the pilot watch as the t-1000 smashes its head through the plexiglass canopy and rapidly pour itself through the jag hole . it reform instantly into its previous self on the passenger seat . 178c it hurl the pilot out of the chopper and slide into the driver 's seat . the chopper be auto-rotate , spin out of control . it drop toward the parking lot . t-1000 recover control ten foot above the ground . 178d cop hit the deck as the tail - boom swing around , go over they by inch . the chopper lift out in a power climb , roaring away across the parking lot toward the flee swat van . okay , buckle you seatbelt , here it come ... 179 int . / ext . swat van / highway - night terminator look back at he two passenger as he turn the boxy van onto a divide highway . Sarah and John be catch they breath , still cough from the cs gas . terminator look to the rear-view mirror . he see the xenon searchlight of the chopper behind they , gain . Sarah look around the inside of the swat van . it be a roll armory . there be rifle , ballistic vest , all manner of equipment . sarah John , get under this . hurry ! he sit against the front bulkhead of the van and she pile bullet - proof vest on top of he , completely cover he . then she grab two m - 16 from the wall - rack and load they . she start on a shotgun as -- 180 the swat van weave through sparse traffic at high speed . terminator slew the unstable van around car and truck which seem to be crawl . the van hit it top speed of eighty . they swerve to miss the back end of a white 18 - wheel tanker . 180a the chopper swing in behind they , close fast . 180b t- 1000 reach through the shattered canopy with the mpk machine pistol and fire . the back of the can clang with hit . the door window be blown in . terminator weave the van , try to throw off the T - 1000 's aim . the unstable vehicle screech and wobble on the edge of control . one of the door be kick open . Sarah , wear a ballistic vest , crouch in the doorway , whipping up the m - 16 . she open FIRE . 180c bullet riddle what 's leave of the chopper 's canopy as the T -1000 return fire . the van be stitched with hit . 180d inside the van hole be punch through the thin sheet - metal wall , rip up the interior . the vest cover John be hit repeatedly . we see that Sarah have hang two kevlar vest on the inside of the back door and she duck behind this as bullet hit around she . she pop back out and fire in control burst . the m - 16 empty and she grab another . 180e terminator serve around a car which be change lane , hit it and knock it skid . 181 omitted 181a Sarah reload and keep fire . the van swerve around a Toyota . a moment later the helicopter pass it , the rotor just clear the top of the car . 181b t-1000 fire the machine pistol . 181c Sarah have pop out to fire . she take a hit in the thigh , and several round hammer into she kevlar vest . she be throw back onto the floor of the van . she lie there , a expose target ... 181d terminator see the t-1000 prepare to fire again . he lock up the van 's brake . tire scream as the vehicle shimmy . Sarah be throw forward , slide up to the bulkhead next to John . 182 and the helicopter slam right into the back of the van . the rotor disintegrate . the back door of the van be crush in as the canopy , the whole front of the fuselage be hammered into junk , trapping the T - 1000 inside the twisted metal . the chopper hit the pavement , flip , sideways , and cartwheel ... smash itself into a shapeless mass of twisted metal . it fall away behind the van , tumble end over end . 182a terminator fight to control the van , which be fishtail violently from the impact . it smashes up against the center divider , screeching along the concrete , and then pull away . terminator put the hammer down and the van accelerate . he swerve to avoid a ugly pickup crawl like a snail ahead . the right front fender of the van , crumpled by slamm the wall , be saw into the tire . the tire blow and peel off the clean rim . the steel wheel grind across the pavement , strike trail of spark , and the van slide sideways and topple -- steel scream on pavement as the van grind to a stop on its side . 182b inside the van , John crawl to Sarah , who be groan and hold she bleed leg . she be white and shocky . terminator start to extricate himself from the crumpled driver 's seat . 183 back down the road , the helicopter wreckage be a crumpled ball of junk metal , unrecognizable . behind it , the tanker truck brake hard , shudder and groan , try to stop . the big tire lock up in cloud of tire - smoke . the rig come to a shudder stop just short of the wreck chopper . 183a the shake driver jump down . the behind the wreckage a cop emerge , walk toward he . driver goddamn , be you alri -- 183b ssshhck ! t-1000 drive a blade through the man 's abdomen and walk on past without slow , or even look at he . 183c it climb into the open cab of the tanker . releases the brake . as the truck bellow be roll forward we see the large blue letter on the side which say " cryoco inc . liquid nitrogen supply '. 184 at the swat van John and terminator be carry Sarah out of the wreck . terminator have the m-79 sling over he shoulder , the bandolier of grenade , and he .45 stick in he waistband . John have borrow a 12 - gauge riot gun from the swat . 184a the pickup they pass second earlier pull up to they . the driver , a Hispanic guy in he 50' , be get out to help they . terminator and John hear a crash and look back as the 185 helicopter wreckage be knock aside by the accelerate tanker truck . 186 JOHN Holy shit . come on , Mom ... we gotta keep move ... come on -- terminator ( to the pickup owner ) we need you truck . the guy seem to know better than to try and stop he as terminator slide Sarah into the front seat and climb in behind the wheel . John run to the passenger side . 187 the tanker roar , spew smoke from its chrome stack as it shift up through the gear . 188 terminator slam the pickup in gear , check the rear-view . the tanker be a hundred foot behind they now , and really move . terminator put the throttle down , but the pickup be and old slug load down by a heavy home - make wooden camper- shell . it accelerate slowly . 189 the tanker slam into one end of the swat van , spin it out of the way with a roar and screech of twist metal . the 18 - wheeler shift to a higher gear , still accelerate . 190 int . / ext . pickup truck with the tanker right behind they , terminator cut the wheel , swerving the pickup back and forth across the lane . the big rig stay right on they , it tanker whiplashing violently . JOHN faster ! he 's right on we ! terminator do not reply . he rapidly unsling the blooper , still around he neck , and reach for a grenade . 191 low angle on the tractor-trailer as it roar right up to the lens , fill frame with chrome and light . 191a k-wham !! it ram the back of the pickup , send it skid . 191b then the T -1000 pull the tractor trailer up alongside the pickup and crab over , sandwich it against the center divider . the spin chrome hub tear into the passenger side door and the guard rail screech along the other side . the pickup buck and shake insanely . it ricochet violently between the big-rig and the divider horrible screech of torture steel . spark pour in sheet of fire from both side . the windshield shatter as the door-post buckle in . Metal and glass shower in through the side window . the frame twist and buckle . John feel like the filling be be shake right out of he tooth . the wooden camper disintegrate , fall away as kindling behind they . 191c int . tanker cab t-1000 hold the wheel hard over , mercilessly grind the pickup . the whole rig jerk and shake with the violence of the sustained hammer . 191d int ./ ext . pickup terminator slide toward the passenger side . keeping he foot on the gas he lift John over he and put he in the driver 's seat . terminator drive for a minute . JOHN where you go ?! terminator slam the shattered windshield with the palm of he hand . held together by the plastic laminate , the windshield flop out of its frame . it fly over the top of the truck . 191e terminator push he upper body out over the dashboard and stand up . he turn and aim the m-79 one -hande . 191f poom ! the grenade miss the T - 1000 by less than a foot . it explode against the front bulkhead of the tanker , almost at the top . liquid nitrogen pour from the open , sweep back by the 60 - mph windstream . 191g the big-rig swerve as T -1000 regains control . the tanker swing like a pendulum behind the cab . 191h the pickup accelerate , get back out in front by a few yard . behind it the big-rig be trail a swirl comet- tail of nitrogen vapor . it be gain again . terminator , still stand , open the breech and start to reload . 191i John cut across the highway and take a off ramp . 191j t-1000 swerve the smoking behemoth across the lane and down the ramp after he , still accelerate . it be twenty foot behind they and close when terminator close the breech and fire . 191k the grenade hit the front grill and explode . the radiator be destroy , along with half the hood . steam blast out , obscure the whole front of the truck . 191l the semi ram the back of the pickup again . spew smoke and vapor like some demon locomotive , the tractor- trailer pound into the back of the pickup . driving it right through the intersection at the bottom of the ramp , and straight toward -- ext . steel mill the chase have lead they to a area of heavy industry . 192 the gate be blast off they hinge as the semi ram the pickup right through they . terminator struggle to reload amid the chaos and impact . he have three grenade left on the bandolier . John be not even steering . they be just be push . there 's nothing he can do . they be rocketing down the broad thoroughfare which lead directly to the MAIN build of the plant . 192a terminator pull himself onto the roof of the pickup . he leap to the bed , take two powerful stride and -- leap onto the semi . he climb rapidly onto the hood . 192b and fire point blank through the windshield . right into t- 1000 's face . the explosion blow out all the glass and fill the cab with smoke and fire terminator grab onto the air-horn as the truck start to shudder and 192c scream . it be jack -knifing . almost dream - slow the cab begin to swing sideways , until its tire be shriek over the pavement . the tractor be smashed back at right - angle to the tanker - trailer which begin to slide broadside . 192d the juggernaut buck and shudder as the tire and smoke sideways across the pavement . it begin to topple . terminator hold on as the side of cab become the top . with a unholy scream , like the unoile hub of Hell , the whole rig slide on its side at 60 mph toward the steel mill . a sheet of spark sixty foot wide trail behind it on the pavement . 192e John see what 's behind he , then snap around to see the building loom right in front . the huge roll door be partly open . no choice . he steer right through they into the mill , as -- 192f terminator , with one second to go , leap from the cab -- he fly through the open door as -- the tanker hit the building and -- 193 int . steel mill / MAIN aisle terminator slam to the floor of the mill and roll , as -- the tanker - trailer smashed into a massive concrete support at one side of the door . thunderous carnage of twist metal . of 193a it split wide open . a river of liquid nitrogen pour out at - 230 . 193b John hit the brake , slide out of control . he slow almost to a stop but hit a steel support column head - on . he and Sarah be slam forward , hard . 193c terminator , still clutching the m-79 blooper , roll and slide across the floor . he smashes through a railing and slam up against the base of a massive machine . 193d the semi cab swing about the trailer wreckage , into the building , and shudder to a stop . liquid nitrogen spray over the cab , flooding out around it in a hissing wavefront of ultracold . freeze vapor swirl everywhere , obscure the wreck . 193e terminator lie still . a beat . then he roll weakly , rise on one elbow to survey the scene . 193f in the wrecked pickup , John stir . he be stunne , and blood run from he nose . daze , he realize he be in a steel mill . there be siren , and he can see man run ... shouting . he turn and see what they be run from ... 193g the wall of nitrogen vapor spread from the demolish tanker . it be a strange vista of fire and ice . the huge smelter pour out orange light and fire from the side of the huge galley , while the freezing vapor roll down the center . 193h tight on the wreck . a billow gray cloud . deep inside , the shape of the cab in visible . a figure emerge , pull itself out . it drop to the floor . the hiss , boil river of liquid nitrogen flow around its foot . 194 the t-1000 stagger , move slowly , painfully . it have finally be affect by something . its foot be freezing to the ground as it walk ... 194a clink ! one of its foot break off at a glassy angle . it stumble forward , and -- 194b its other foot snap off . as it catch its balance on the stump of its other ankle , 194c the whole lower leg shatter at the impact . it topple forward to its knee . catch itself on one hand . liquid nitrogen flow around the hand . now the hand be stick to the pavement . 194d the T -1000 pull and ... clink ! the hand snap off at the wrist . it look stupidly at the glassy stump of a wrist . for the first time we see a expression on its face we know to be a true one ... the expression be pain . agony . its mouth open in a soundless scream as the hoar- frost race up its leg , across its body . 194e and that 's the position it freeze in . it have become a statue , kneel in the freeze vapor , that surprised look of agony freeze on its face . the liquid nitrogen stop flow and begin to evaporate . 194f terminator , just beyond the boundary of the cold , can see the T - 1000 clearly . he draw he .45 and aim . terminator hasta la vista , baby . 194g k- pow ! the single shot blow the T - 1000 into a million diamond spraying up into the air . they shimmer across the ground for twenty foot in all direction . terminator lower the gun , satisfied . he look like he need a vacation . 195 JOHN and sarah have see it from the pickup . she be in bad shape . conscious but very weak . he try the door . it 's jamme . he kick it open . JOHN okay , Mom , we gotta get out now , come on . that 's it . he help she slide down from the seat of the truck . her knee give way . John have to take a lot of she weight . he reach in and pick up the riot gun off the seat . they hobble toward -- 195a terminator . on he knee , he look into the dissipate cloud of vapor . the heat of the furnace have evaporate all the liquid nitrogen . 196 insert , tight on the floor - the T -1000 shard be melting , liquefy . hundred of drop of mercury , spatter across the floor . Orange light of the enormous black - furnace dance on liquid metal . 197 terminator struggle to rise . one arm be shattered , the hand smashed and useless . and some leg-servos be damage . he can barely stand . John and Sarah arrive . terminator we do not have much time . JOHN what ? terminator point . John and Sarah watch as -- 198 insert , t-1000 droplet be creep together . fusing into larger blob . this pool shiver and run together , soon form a central mass . 199 on JOHN and sarah , realize it 's not over . JOHN come on ! let 's go ! terminator get one of Sarah 's arm over he shoulder and they go . behind they , something be move . 200 a head be form up out of a pool mercury . it rise , as shoulder form . hunching up from the liquid mass . half -form , it turn to look straight at they . John look back in new terror as -- the T -1000 rise to man-height . it be still in mercury form , but its feature be form rapidly . it take its first step after they . Sarah stumble and they pull she up . 201 terminator himself have a pronounce limp , drag one leg with a shattered ankle joint . John 's the one pull , strain , drive they forward . they round a corner into -- 202 int . aisle between furnace it be a maze of monstrous machinery . the heat be tremendous . the air shiver with a pound roar . Sarah cry out in pain and stumble again . JOHN come on , Mom , you can do it ! come on !! they drag she up , and stagger on . her leg be bath in blood and she be deathly pale . he look back . 203 int , MAIN gallery the t-1000 step into frame . fully form . the hell - fire light glint on its impassive cop face . it walk forward . at first it seem unaffected by its crystallization but -- 203a angle on its hand as it touch a railing in pass . the railing be cover with o.s.h.a. yellow - and -black safety tape . the hand turn yellow and black , the color fade to normal by about the elbow . it rip the hand from the railing with difficulty . there be a sound like adhesive tape rip off a surface . 203b the T -1000 look at its yellow - and - black stripe hand . it will the hand back to normal . we see ripple of " static " or system noise move subtly over the surface of its body . it 's start to " glitch " . 203c tracking with the t-1000's feet . with each step , the pattern on the tile floor " invade " its lower leg . fade as the foot be lift . returns as it be set down . the foot be try to meld with the floor . the chameleonic function be out of control . the T -1000 be lose it . it move forward , search . it round the corner , enter the aisle between the furnace . 204 int . aisle terminator see the silhouette close on they through the smoky gleam . the t-1000 break into lope run when it see they , terminator turn to Sarah over John . terminator keep go . John shake he head no . the T -1000 be almost on they . terminator run ! John run , drag , half - carry Sarah as best he can . she can barely stay conscious . half -run , delirious , she stumble and drop to she knee . John pull but she can not rise . JOHN ( cry , shouting ) come on , you gotta try ... please , Mom . get up ! John look back to see -- 204a terminator try to load the m - 79 . with he shattered hand , he can barely maneuver be last grenade into the breech . t-1000 smack the weapon out of he hand . it clatter to the floor . the grenade spin across the floor , roll under some machinery . terminator lunge , slamm the t-1000 against a wall with all he weight . the battle be join . 204b JOHN and sarah have reach the back of the aisle . it be a cul - de - sac , block on the end by the base of a immense smelter crucible . they turn to watch the titan battle in silhouette , backlit by the molten spark fall from the furnace above . the battle which will decide they fate . 204c terminator grab the t-1000 and hurl it with awesome force against the opposite wall of the narrow alley . in less time than it would take to turn , the 204d T - 1000 morph trough itself , front to back ... face emerge from the back of its head . 204e it come off the wall straight at terminator , who smashes he good fist into its face . the pile - driver blow bury terminator 's fist almost to the elbow . 204f but the T -1000 's head morph in a split-second into a hand which grip terminator 's wrist , and the head " emerge " somewhere else , the geometry shifting faster than we can follow . 204g the t-1000 slam terminator into a large machine , jam he arm into the move work . a massive slide bar scissor he arm , smash it into junk at the elbow , pin he in the machine . terminator strain against the machine pin he . we hear he servos whining with overload . the t-1000 turn and lope toward Sarah and John . Sarah scream and hurl John into a gap between the machine . he fall into a maze of pipe and girder . 205 int . maze of machine JOHN turn to see she in the entrance of the narrow gap . she could follow he but she do not . suddenly a dark mass move toward he . John gasp as a huge steel counterweight , drive by a chain 6 inch thick , slide toward he . he roll out of the way . when he look back , he can not see the open . JOHN Mom ! mommm !! 206 int . aisle between furnace terminator strain to reach a 6 - foot steel bar lie near he . steel worker use they to move the red-hot ingot around . he get hold of the end and use it as a lever . with titanic effort he spread the massive component which be hold he , and withdraw he arm , which be severe at the elbow . dangle junk hand from the crush joint . 207 sarah have lose sight of John . it be much of a goodbye as they will have . she turn as the T - 1000 close on she . she be half - slump against the sooty machine , look barely conscious . she struggle to load a shell into the empty weapon . at the last instant she whip up the riot gun and fire . a207 T - 1000 's face be blow open , but quickly reform as it close on she . she fumble to get another shell into the magazine but -- a208 thunk ! a steel needle slam through she shoulder , pin she . the polymorphic killer cock back its other hand . the index finger extend as a gleam needle , toward she eye -- t-1000 call to john. now . 207c wham !! something whistle down on the T -1000 with such force that be cleave it head and body in two down to the naval . the 6 - foot steel bar be imbed in its body . terminator hurl the killer off Sarah . 207d the T -1000 pull the steel shaft out of itself and attack he with fury . swing again and again . hammer terminator back . terminator fall back against the wall . behind the t-1000 be a enormous I - beam , hang from two chain . it be use to lift ingot into the smelter , and it run on a linear track . 207e the T -1000 grab the I - beam and roll it down the track . straight at terminator . the two - ton girder smashes into he chest , crush the armor . the T -1000 pull the I - beam back , and then heave it forward again . terminator turn and take the second blow on the shoulder . we hear metal crush and break inside he . he sag , turn to grip the wall ... the third blow slam into he back , smash he spine and pelvis . we hear servos ratchete and fail . he drop to he knee , crucify on a wall of machinery . the fourth blow be center between he shoulder blade . sound of crush metal . his skull be partially cave in . he slide to the floor . 207f on the t- 1000 , emotionless as it walk forward . 207g terminator be a pathetic shape on the floor . he be try to crawl , feebly . dragging he malfunction leg behind the crush spine . his arm stump screech on the tile floor as he inch himself forward . his expose machine eye burn red with determination . we see he prize . he have the m - 79 , with the breech still open , cradle in the crook of he ruin arm . he good hand , the expose steel one , be reach for the last grenade , which be visible under the skirt of the massive smelter base . his metal finger reach out for it as -- 207h the t-1000 raise the heavy steel bar over he head and stab it down with unbelievable force . it punch into terminator 's back , through a gap in the shattered armor . the T -1000 lever it back and forth , widen the hole . then be raise the point bar again and slam it down . it punch right through . emerging from terminator 's chest . and into the floor . he be pinion . the cyborg sag face down and stop move . the light go out of he eye . CUT to : 208 int . maze of machinery John scuttle like a rat through the gut of the smelter . above he , vast machine churn untend . he hear a voice ... sarah be Calling low and urgent to he . sarah John ? John ? can you hear I ? where be you ? 208a he crawl out of the shadow . onto a landing next to one of the smelter crucible . molten steel glow bright orange in the crucible of the furnace . heat shimmer the air , give everything a hallucinatory quality . John see Sarah nearby , limping toward he . she can barely move , she leg bath in blood . he run toward she . sarah ( gasp ) help I , honey ... tight on sarah , she stoic face , as she hobble forward , reach out to he . something rise behind she , out of focus . 209 another , identical , sarah ... but this one have a shotgun . aim right at we . 209a JOHN freeze . which be which ? he look down . the first Sarah 's foot be meld with the floor , suck and fusing with the tile as she walk . they have the color and pattern of the tile up to the knee . sarah John , get out of the way !! JOHN ( scream ) shoot !!!! 209b John dive aside . the Sarah - form spin , change into you - know - who . Sarah start unload the shotgun into it . boom ! it stagger back . k-chak . she chamber another round . boom ! it stagger again . k-chak . boom ! and again . and again . 209c the t-1000 be blow back a step and Sarah advance with each shot . the crater in the T - 1000 's body " heal " slowly . its power be wane . she fire again . and again . her eye blaze with feral intensity . she walk it back , right to the edge of the pit of molten steel . k-chak ... click . she 's empty . the T -1000 be right at the edge . in a second it will recover its composure , as its crater hit close slowly . she have fail . now it will kill they both , except ... 210 closeup terminator , as the chain drive bring it into view . half human flesh , half chrome steel . his red eye gaze right at we as he -- fire . 210a the T -1000 take the round in the belly . the grenade explode inside its body . a huge hole be blow clean through it , and it be rip open and peel back , half inside - out . it topple into the molten steel and -- 211 the T -1000 's head and upper body reappear above the molten steel . it be scream . a terrifying , inhuman siren of a scream . it be change , morph , transform into anything and everything it 's ever be so rapidly the eye can barely follow it -- we catch a glimpse of janelle voight checker with the linoleum tile color , Lewis the Guard with knife explode from he face , other face , switch at a stroboscopic rate now ... a face every two frame until they merge into one face -- the t-1000 scream and slip beneath the surface of the molten steel . we see liquid silver run in dissipate whorl over the superheate surface ... until it vanish , swirl into nothing . 212 JOHN run to Sarah . she stand stare into the pit . the empty shotgun slip from she finger . clatter to the floor . he see that she 's okay and he run to the fall terminator . 212a the crippled cyborg be try to rise . its servos whine and stutter . it pathetically lift itself to a kneel position , collapse ... try again . John lift for all he 's worth . Sarah join they , help . the help the crippled machine get on its foot . it can barely stand . terminator I need a vacation . they walk to the edge of the pit . terminator look down and see that it be over . JOHN ( to terminator ) be it dead ? terminator terminate . John unzip Sarah 's backpack and take out the hand of the first terminator . JOHN will it melt in there ? terminator yes . throw it in . he do . it sink into the lava . vanish . terminator and the chip . John take it out of he pocket . look at it . toss it into the smelter . sarah it 's finally over . terminator no . there be another chip . he touch a metal finger to the side of he head . terminator and it must be destroy also . John suddenly understand what he mean . terminator look at Sarah . they both know what must be do . John shake he head . JOHN no ! terminator I be sorry , John . JOHN no , no no !! it will be okay . stay with we ! terminator I have to go away , John . JOHN do not do it . please ... do not go -- tear be stream down he face . tight closeup terminator , turn toward John . the human side of he face be in shadow , so we see mostly the chrome skull and the red eye . terminator it must end here ... or I be the future . JOHN I order you not to ! terminator put he hand on John 's shoulder . he move slightly and the human side of he face come into the light . he reach toward John 's face . his metal finger touch the tear trickle down he cheek . terminator I know now why you cry . but it be something I can never do . ( to both of they ) Goodbye . Sarah look at terminator . reaches out she hand to shake it . they lock eye . Warrior . comrade . sarah be you afraid ? terminator yes . he turn and step off the edge . 213 they watch he sink into the lava . he disappear ... the metal hand sink last ... at the last second it form into a fist with the thumb extend ... a final thumb up . then it be go . 214 hold on JOHN and sarah , watch through the heat ripple as we -- dissolve to : 215 the SUN , pure in a cloudless sky tilting down reveal that we be in a park , very green . people be casually dress , have fun . cycle , read ... child be play in a playground . Beyond the line of tree we see the skyline of Washington , D.C. , with the Capital Building and the Washington monument . the skyline be subtly change , with a lot of new building , advanced high -rise . a card appear July 11 , 2029 we boom down and track laterally through a playground in the foreground . Children swinging on swing . slide down slide . timeless thing that 4 decade of technical advancement will not change . as we track we hear : sarah ( v.o. ) August 29th 1997 come and go . nothing much happen . Michael Jackson turn forty . there be no judgment Day . people go to work as they always do , laugh , complain , watch tv , make love . we pass a jungle gym , neither melt nor burn , but full of kid swinging and yell raucously . past it we drop down to see a boy pump the pedal of a tricycle . sarah ( v.o. ) I want to run down the street yell ... to grab they all and say " every day form this day be a gift . use it well ! " instead I get drunk . still tracking we come to rest on a elderly woman seat on a bench . it be sarah , now 64 year old . the world have age she , but she seem at peace in this moment . she speak into a microcassette recorder . sarah ( v.o. ) that be thirty year ago . but the dark future which never come still exist for I , and it always will , like the trace of a dream linger in the morning light . and the war against the machine go on . or , to be more precise , the war against that who build the wrong machine . there be a man in be forty play with two small child nearby . he turn . it be John connor . through he have the same stern feature in adulthood , there be no eye-patch , no scarring . he be far from the haggard man on grim destiny we see in the world that might have be . but there be still penetrate intelligence , even wisdom , in he eye . sarah ( v.o. ) John fight the war differently than it be foretold . here , on the battlefield of the Senate , the weapon be common sense ... and hope . a four -year-old girl run to she to have she shoelace tie . girl tie I , grandma . grandma Sarah smile . it be the only time we have see she smile so far . she bend as the little girl put she foot up on the bench . she tie as we hear : sarah ( v.o. ) the luxury of hope be give to I by the terminator . because if a machine can learn the value of human life ... maybe we can too . Sarah ruffle the kid 's hair as she run off to play with she dad . fade out