term of endearment a screenplay by James L. brook base on the novel by harry mcmurtry - revised second draft March , 1982 'w OPEN on : i a black screen at the lower leave hand corner of which shine a small clown 's face . it be barely noticeable as we begin title . the music be bright but not so full that we do not discern with ever increase awareness the off -screen voice of a man and a woman , aurora and rudyard greenway . we hear the downstairs front door close as aurora arrive home and shout upstairs to she husband . " I can not stand be a mother . " " give it a chance . it 's only be a week . " " be you still in that tub ? " " the dector say I be suppose to soak . '' '' have you get out to check she ? " '' yes , she 's fine . how be you evening ? " '' everybody be have fun tonight and all I get the do be worry about the baby . " her footstep approach ; she conversation continue . we hear one more exchange between husband and wife . '' aurora , you have just get to stop imagine that something terrible be happening to she all the time . " " I know , I know . " the door at screen right open and we now can recognize from the light flow in from the hall that we be in a baby 's room -- the clown 's face a small nicht light . the infant be in a hand work , excellent and therefore memorable crib . aurora be back be to the camera-- she rear end a larse one , perhaps tempting to some -- ané she back - light outline be round and cushy . she toss eft one more comment to she husband . " she be just about a week old . how endless be the fascination suppose to be ? " and now she turn towards the room and be face the camera still illuminate from behind -- the mother 's form we may all remember frame in the doorway of we room as we lay helpless and need . aurora stand still for a beat and then , in a tone fearful but firm , say she first on screen word . aurora rudyard , she 's not breathe . rudyard's voice oh , not again . the lump under the pink blanket behind the licht wooden bar of the crib be not budging . aurora no , this time she 's dead . rudyard's voice she 's asleep . ( continued ) 1 continued : i aurora it 's crib death . rudyard's voice : ( annoyed ) - . aurora , it 's just that she have not slept today . aurora maybe . the thirtyish mother pad quietly to she infant daughter 's crib and coo softly . aurora Emma ... Emma ? the infant lie still . aurora lean over ... then hix herself up by place she foot on the mattress so she fully lean over the bar -- gracelessly to place she ear almost atop the infant 's chest . she hac hear something but doubt still linger . very deliberately aurora pinch the infant who instantly begin wail . aurora ( now more hersel ? ) there , that 's better . she move swiftly from the room and exit without a think of pacify the cry baby . as she close the door . cuut to : ext . greenway home - EIGHT year later ie ] a two -door , dark car arrive . from the driver 's seat step a man of 40 in a dark blue suit and cowboy boot . he be rudyard be employer . he hold a hand out to assist rosie dunlop , aurora be may for year and , though she do not know it , the last white may in Houston . she refuse the hand and concentrate on the next one out , fold back the front seat for emma greenway -- misshapen for a child of eight -- she leg too short , she hand too thick -- that sort of thing -- hair , unusually stringy , be even worse after the sweaty and emotional funeral , a black ribbon hang lifeless in she tresses . she too refuse help and indicate that the man should instead help the next cecupant . that 's aurora , who emerge in black , one hand hold by the man , the cther by she may . the first thing she do on emerge from the car be to remeve she shoe . she have she arm around she young daughter as she move barefoot across the lawn . ( continued ) continued : 2 aurora thank you , rosie . ( then to man ) thank you . aurora be totally compose . the man stand there granite stron , West Texas ' best . man glad to help . he be about the most dependable man who ever work for I . she start for the house hold emma by the hand as rosie go on ahead . aurora it be nice know you . emma ( to man ) bye. man I be real sorry about you daddy . emma . I too . I love he . he stick up for I sometimes . man rey . ( Emma turn ) take care of you momma . emma shift uncomfortably as she mother look at she , want the man 's word to register . as they enter the house , aurora walk straight to the 3 mantle over the never use fireplace where there be a frame picture of emma as a baby with she mother and a frame picture of rudyard . aurora take down the picture of rudyard . then suddenly aurora react have just think of something . rosie what 's wrong ? aurora I just remember rudyard want *o be cremate . ( continued ) continued : 3 aurora sigh briefly and shake she head at she forgetfulness . emma ( enter scene ) what be you go to do with daddy 's picture ? aurora I do not think we should leave it on the mantle . there come a time when we have to stop live in the past . emma can I have it ? aurora hand it to she daughter . rcsie loving the child from the doorway cf the dining room where she be already set the table for lunch . we follow emma past the stair to the first floor room that be hers . int . emma's room - day 4 there be a zoo 's worth of stuff animal , a cheap record player , a original cast movie soundtrack of " wizard of Oz " in evidence , very little free space . emma stand over the table next to she bed containine a lamp and several of the stuff animal . she remove two of she favore one , a dog and a panda bear , ané put she father 's picture in they place . she must remove one more animal to make room . int . aurora' bedrcom - night 5 so feminine it 's hard to believe a man share this room until this evening . a small , original renoir hang prominently over the dresser . the bed be larce and soft . a window seat , also cushy , overlook the back garden . aurora sit in she nightgown at the window seat . her bed have be turn down but she cannot quite bring herself to go to it ; she be angry at be upset . she rise and go to the door . int . aurora' house - stairwell . 6 as she march down and enter she daughter 's room . she sce directly to the child , turn on the light . aurora Emma ... Emma , wake up . ( continued ) ae 6 continued : 6 emma what 's wrong ? aurora I just feel so tense . and I wonder how you feel . do you want to sleep in my bed ? emma no , thank you . aurora oh . emma ( a beat , then ) do you want to sleep in my bed again ? aurora yes . all right . as emma make room and aurora slide in next to she '' griping about the number of stuff animal , she glance at she daughter 's limp , stringy tresses . aurora what will we ever do with you hair ? she turn cut the light . ext . aurora' block - day ( EIGHT year later ) emma , she hopeless hair , unaid by the style of the dav , be the kind of high school girl whose near dumpiness seem only a minor hindrance because she so totally accept it . she be walk with she best friend , patsy clark . patsy be a bright , blonde bayou Club beauty . she be athletic , warm and sensitive , seemincly perfect in every way with even the good ¢race to have a bit of a torture soul . as they arrive at the house , there be some activity next door . patsy , hey , Emma , what 's that ? emma we have a astronaut move in next door . patsy which one ? ( continued ) continued : emma garrett breedlove . patsy Judy have one on she block too . I '11 wait for you . I do not feel up to handle you mother today . emma it would be nice to have a mother somebcdy like . she enter the house . int . aurora' house - day as emma enter , rosie be clean . emma where be she ? rosie ( matter of factly ) she 's out back with that old fart who 's tryinc to get into she pants . emma thank you , rosie . she exit . ext . aurora' backyard - day a good lawn - - a garden aurora care for , tree to give she privacy from she River oak neighbor -- another aspect of aurora be perfect nest . aurora can now be fully and clearly see for the first time without veil or shadew . she be near 40 and she have a rather simple method for appear young . she allow herself to be court by much older man . stand over she as she recline in she chaise be edward johnson . he 's s6 year old . he 's here to assert himself but once more aurora be put he through some try pace . edward iomight not be able to get away later -- tahiti might make a difference for we . why do not you face up to the fact that you have certain biological need ? ncontinue ) 3 continued : aurora ( {absently ) because I do not . I might have romantic one , though . edward well , I might not be a poetic man , but I know that ... aurora ( interrupt ) do not be so sure . edward suh ? aurora how long since you have try to '' be romantic ? if you could manage she rise it , I might think about thing like tahiti . from she chaise and lean over to examine she flower . even with she back to a man , there be something on edward . flirtatious about she . he 's suspicious of the offer but decide to attempt collare a muse for the first time in he life . edward aurora ? aurora hmmm ? edward the breeze just catch a wisp of you hair . it be lovely to see . aurora smile sightly ~ - at least he try . aurora be edward ( emboldene as he lcok at she ass ) I imagine if I could see you eye now , the sunlight would be reflect they color . puzzle by this one . she turn to question it and see that emma have be stand there watch . ( continued ) 9 10 continued : ( 2 ) 9 aurora hello . emma hi. hello , Mr. Johnson . aurora ( to Emma ) ; you be not get hair on you lip ? emma ( exasperate ) nooe . aurora - oh , good ... it be just a shadow emma ( worried ) you sure ? aurora yes . it 's fine . emma I want to borrow the car . I get invite over to the bayou Club . aurora {to Edward ) we will be right back . as they walk away , emma anxiously check she lip with she finger . edward do not worry . I will just wait here in the lush and heavy air . emma I can not believe how you tease this man . they have get feeling , too . aurora oh , you always make too much of the wrong thing . int . bridal salon = day - five year later 10 emma ( now 21 ) pose in a bridal dress . she be flushed , tickle to the core that the dress be so fantastic . she ( continued ) io 9 . continued : 10 have never look so beautiful . patsy be wear a new may of honor dress while aurora sit observe . she be try to be a good sport and not dampen the spirit . it be a difficult chere for she . 7 - emma . well , be not it something how much fun this be ? ( neting cap ) «+. enobody will see my hair . auropa you lock very nice . ( to saleswoman ) how much be it ? saleswoman four hunére and eighty dollar . aurora groan so loudly it jolt the sales¢irl . emma it be too much , be not it ? aurora well , Neiman 's be not the only place to look for a wedding dress . and it be not like we be have a lot of people . emma ( accept ) yeah , I guess , and just to wear once . . patsy ( suddenly to Emma ) Emma , it 's my wedding gift to you . ( to salesgirl ) she will take it . aurora and patsy exchange a look . patsy will not be cow . ext . aurora' house ~ night 11 two light window . one upstairs where we can make out the figure of aurora be pace -- through the other window , we can see two young woman . int . emma's room - night 12 patsy and emma be in pajamas , the stuff animal still in evidence . " King and I " be play as emma tie ( continued ) 10 . continued : 12 together a stack of original cast album , some blue , some jazz vocal . emma be a mark for a good lyric . patsy be rub a marlboro back and forth between she finger , the tobacco run out into a ashtray . she now begin to stuff the empty cigarette with marijuana . the wedding gown and may of honor 's dress hang prominently in the background . patsy you get nervous vet , Emma ? emma no . it feel so natural . be something wrong with I ? int . aurora' room - night 13 she sit at she window seat eat from a box of checolate . she be troubled . she sigh , rise and start downstairs . int . emma's room 14 the cirl be smoking they revise marlboro . Mary Martin be sing " cockey optimist " from '' South Pacific . " patsy I feel a little foolish cetting stone to hear ethel merman . : emma Mary Martin . you be crazy if you smoke this in a car , patsy . the Texas trooper have go crazy . flap know this one fella in the English department where a trooper be follow he so he swallow he grass -- so they scrape he tongue and use that as evidence . he 's go to get five year . patsy ( patsy have not be listen ) this be the last time we will be like this . emma I just plain refuse to get into that kind of think . oh , God , this be the last time we will be like this , be not it ? ( more ) ( continued ) ii . continued : 14 emma ( cont 'd ) ( hugging ) but we will always love each other and we baby will be best friend . as they hug . patsy it 's always mean so much to I that someone as nice as you love I . emma ( sobbing ) oh , patsy , give I a break . there be a knock on the door . aurora' voice Emma ? instantly the two girl part and grab four aerosol can and spray the room , a can in each hand . aurora' voice open the door . emma you can not come in . aurora' voice what do you mean ? emma ( to patsy ) what the hell ? I be get marry . she open the door . the marijuana cigarette in she mouth . patsy hysterical in the background . emma what be it , Mom ? aurora ( annoyed ) oh , really . I need to talk to you . we hear she walk away . emma be curious and a bit apprehensive . patsy maybe she 's go to tell you how to have sex . ( continued ) 14 15 16 12 . continued : ( 2 ) 14 emma she 's only a expert on how to avoid it . { patsy laugh ) - oh , I should not say thing like . that . I do not mean it . she bite she tongue . int . downstair area - nigrt 15 to show emma a bit wobbly , pause near the live room get the small pulse of pleasure she always receive from take in the original klee painting which hank prominently there - - a few sharply angle line , some black , some grey and some red . int . aurora' room 16 aurora sit under she favore painting -- that small renoir of two handsome woman wear hat and gowns . she look grim . aurora would you want I to be silent about something that 's for you own good even if it might hurt a little ? emma yes , mar 'am , I sure would . she dash out , closine the door behind she . we hear she lauching , giddy -- hich on life , Texas weed and she own wit . aurora be throw by the totally unexpected behavior . she start after emma who reappear , still havine a creat time . emma what be it , momma ? I really would like to get some sleep so I can look halfway decent tomorrow . aurora can not say what she have to in this atmosphere . sulky and beleaguere , she retreat to the comfort of she window seat . i+ look out on she garden ; it be soft and well - cushion and safe . emma ( babyingc she ) come on , what be it ? ( continued ) 16 4 uw . continued : 16 she move to join she . aurora look at she examine she daughter 's face , like the eye , the round cheek , distress with the limp hair . aurora I be sit here try to concentrate on what wedding ¢ift to get you ... ( Emma wait she out ) for a second , I think of my mether 's renoir ... ( Emma wait ) so I have be try -- try to ignore tke truth . ( launching in ) I be totally convinced that you get marry to flap Horton tomorrow be a mistake of such proportion that it would eripple you destiny and make wretch you lite . emma do not know what hit she . aurora flap be limited , he have no imagination . even at this ace , all he want be a secure teach job . he 's not that attractive ... he tooth ... emma you do not know anything about I . shut up ... just shut up or I will get you back . just how can you do this to I now ? how can you ? how can you ? how can you ? how can you ? aurora because I be you mother and I know you be not special enough to overcome a bad marriage . emma ( shocked -- crazy mad ) oh. oh. occoccoe . I be go to get you back . aurora will you stop take what I be say personally ? use you brain . I be tell you the truth . ( continued ) 14 . 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 emma I can get you on you look . you be so worried about aging -- well ?... you know you neck 's lose shape ... eurora be remarkable gift for self preservation come into play . with muscle never before need nor flex she move to stifle she daughter 's rage . aurora no . you will not do this . emma I be not that scared of you . you know , you rear end ... aurora no. I mean it . this be a crossroad for we . do not make a mistake . do you want to stay my daughter or not ? almost literally aurora be shove she daugher 's word back down she throat . will lock only briefly before emma be give way . emma ( calmer ) you be just so awful to I . aurora that 's more like it . emma thank God for flap Horton for get I out of here . she start out then wheel on she mother . emma if this be you attitude , I do not think you should bother to come to the weddinc . aurora I think you be right . the hypocrisy be bother I too . emma exit in disbelief . emma my own mother 's not come to my wedding . aurora now I suppose you be mad at I . i7 18 ext . aurora' STREET - day 17 a yellow ' 69 xke convertible , it 's top down , be force to move slowly behind a beer delivery truck . in the truck be rosie and she husband , royce . in the car be garrett breedlove and a 18 - year - old girl . garrett be a once famous astronaut for the United States of America . he be in he mid 40' and sexy . he 's a easygoing over - achiever who truly believe that life can be simple and fun . garrett and he date be hang over from a night of carouse . angle on aurora . 18 in a housedress as she stand barefoot on she front lawn , a garden tool in hand . she be look with undisguise contempt at the former national hero as he pull into the driveway immediately adjacent to she own , as royce steer he truck into aurora '’s driveway . it conceal breedlove be car from we view . aurora quickly shift she attention to rosie as she step from the truck . roste no matter what my kid do to I , I hope I be never such a stump as to not be at they wedding . aurora they do not seem to have weddincs -- they just have christening , do not they ? rosie De not get I piss at you . you be have a hard enough time . aurora nod , a bit downcast . rosie ( continue ) just do I a favor and give I a while before I have to feel sorry | for you . aurora how be it ? rosie let I get change and I will tell you everything . '' royce have get down from the truck and hover into view . his beer belly be fabulous - ~ the buckle of he belt point straight down to the ground . ( continued ) 13 16 . continued : 18 rosie ( disgust ) oh , rovce want you to see he dress up . she look at he . royce ( loving aurora 's attention ) I just want to say congratulation and that the bride look almost as pretty as she momna . aurora thank you . I be pleased you drop by . royce I be pleased that I do , too . gooc - bye , then . rosie start for the house , loathing royce for find aurora so attractive . royce back the truck up revealing garrett' xke . he and the young woman have pass out in the car , they head lay together , the girl 's hand rest on he crotch . there be a NASA sticker in the window shield . aurora take in this picture post card from the second level of heli ané then advance on the car . she tap the young bicnde girl gently on the shoulder . aurora miss ... miss ... the hungover girl mumble incoherently -- the chain reaction to aurora' push she shoulder be to have the girl 's hand jiggle the man 's private . aurora ( shaking harder ) Young woman ... young woman ...? ( to man ) chile molester ? girl omumble sexily as she feel he ) uh-oh , here go the rocket . aurora , shocked , shake she violently . the ¢irl 's eye open and focus on this angry woman old enough to be she mother . ( continued ) 18 19 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 18 aurora listen carefully ! you have pass out in a good neighborhood this time . wake he up and get he inside ! but give I a second . so far I have avoid meeting he and I would like to keep it that way . as she move to she house . ext . flap and emma's home - that night 19 this be a garage apartment in the area around Rice University - - poor housing to some - - a '' find " to graduate student of which flap horton be one . there be stair lead up to the door and a area at the top of the stair with just enough room for a somewhat rusty porch swing . Houston be build on a swamp . it be tropical ; the air be extraordinarily sensual and , for emma , sit outside on one of that humid , fragrant summer nicht be part of what be houstonian be all abeut . so she sit here now with she new husbande , still halt dress in the clothes they be marry in , a bit drunk from champagne , with they belonging inside await the set up of housekeep if energy ever strike . they clothes be dirty from the porch . they be somewhat sweaty as they eat from a kentucky Colonel carton . flap finish off some corn-on- the-cob . flap be 23 and look like a nice guy . emma I be glad we do not try to do a honeymoon . the phene begin ringing . emma she 's go crazy . I will make she wait till noon tomorrow . that 's about all she could take . flap you be totally justified to stay clear away from she forever . emma oh , she just come apart because I be leave and she be feel more alone . ( continued ) 19 20 18 . continued : ig flap ( as if to a simpleton ) Emma , you mother boycott you wedding . she hate you husband and she only hold you in medium esteem . emma " medium esteem " = -- you be so cute . flap stand and help she up , finish some corn - on - 20 the-cob . she give he a little kiss and hand - in-hand they walk across they threshold . book be stack in pile , most of they paperback . as they move past the stack . emma would not it have be strange i= one of we marry someone who ' @id not like to read ? and there must be million of interesting people in the world who just do not like to read . I feel so totally good about we . I hope I get pregnant tonight . plap it would be nice . I love the way you look . you be so nice and round . now flap toss he corn away and embrace she in good - nature sexuality and move she towards the mattress lie on the floor without boxspring . emma ( between kiss ) the only thing I do not like about sex be that it always mean the end of a conversation . now they go at it on the mattress , the window open , lamp on at the other end of the room provice illumi - mation . when flap get horny , it would never occur to he to close door or shut out light . sut he pause for some atypical foreplay , kiss she body , touch she , they grin at each other . emma ( impressed with he foreplay ) well , be not we be leisurely tonight ? ( continued ) 20 22 23 19 . continued : 20 she hold he head to she chest , give it a sudden squeeze . then a wave of tenderness as he begin to kiss she friendly bud . the phone , finally after some 35 ring , stop . . emma it 's just a shame that my mother 's too arrogant to ever admit how ' wrong she be about you and how levely and wonderful you be . but now she pause because the SOUND of flap suck the corn from he tooth between kiss of she breast be distracting she . on flap 221 pause over the breast , make the noise that 's somewhere on the graph between annoying and plain disgusting . his nose wrinkle in concentration as he try to suck loose another kernel . he finally go and busy himsel£ once more with emma's breast , then feel she stare down at he . emma ( swatting he ) what be you dcing ? he realize suddenly ané they both laugh . flap ( embarrassed and pleased with himsel£ ) come on , it 's not that terrible . he pick at he tooth . a kernel of corn falis to emma's breast as she flick it away . emma flap , for God 's sake . what 's the opposite of romantic ? ext . emma's apt . - morning 22 from the record player , we hear ethel merman and Russell nype sing " I hear Music '' from " call I madam '' . int . emma's apt . - day 23 emma and flap have just finish have sex again . ( continued ) 23 24 20 . continued : 23 plap that be the strangest music to have sex to . . emma : I know . he smile and reach next to he for a paperback book . the phone start ringing from the kitchen . flap make a sour face . emma decide to answer it . scamper from the bed , she be wear one of flap' t-shirt and nothing else . int . emma's kitchen - night 24 emma pick up the phone . emma ( into phone ) I be not ready to forgive you . I be happy -- leave I alone . I do not want to talk now . she start to hang up , then reconsider . emma ( continue ) oh , do you see the table cloth rosie make I ? oh , it 's beautiful . no , not yet . I think omelettes . no , I will do they sort of tex - mex . I do not feel like talk now . no , I mean it . that be the worst thing you ever do to I . flap come pad in shirtless , zipping up he jeans as emma see he . emma ocontinue into phone ) well , I think you owe my husband a apology . well , until you do tell it to my husband , I be not go to listen to any of you gossip . he 's right here . flap gesture he want no part of the phone . emma mime that he must do this . he shake he head . finally she win the silent debate , flap take the phone . emma's concentration on he end of the conversation be extraordinary . ( continued ) nn uw 26 27 21 . flap ( into phone ) hello , Mrs. greenway ... no , mar 'am , I be not enjoy you predicament . emma ( shouting towards phone ) momma , be nice . I be not kid . flap ( override she ) as a matter of fact , I do not need or desire a apology . all I want be for you to understand and appreciate my position , to respect we marriage and to maybe wait another 15 minute before you call in the morning . ( he grin ) yes , I guess I have say my piece . okay . I will put she on . emma give he a big kiss . take the phone . emma hi . be not he great ? int . aurora' bedroom - morning - one year later 25 the legend one year later appear on the screen . aurora be still asleep though the sun be shine in and from the television set , leave on from the night before , we can see the today show with Hugh downs as host . there be noise outside -- vulgar , male '' walla " . she get up and walk to the window . ext . STREET - aurora' Pov 26 a all night party break up at garrett be house . a motley group of spend reveler say goodbye to he at the door . he accept they embrace while hold a waste basket full of empty liquor bottle in the other hand . now he restrain one girl , bid she to stay ; she nod acquiescence . she wait for he while he happily go around to the side of the house -- the driveway adjoin aurora 's-- remove the lid from one of he main garbage can to empty he container into it . he miss . the bottle crash . he look at the mess , then do some twinkle - to break glass run back to the girl . she laugh . int . aurora' bedroom 27 as she look at he with diseust . her attention be once more arrest . 28 29 30 31 32 22 . ext . STREET - aurora' Pov 23 royce be truck pull to the curb . rosie get out one door , royce the other . he reach into the cab and load she with some shopping carton , then look up . royce's Pov 29 aurora in she nightgown , pink fold of satin , white lace strap , the goddess of middle - age come to haunt he next erotic beer dream . on royce and rosie 30 as she follow he glance while burden with package , then look back at aurora , still visible . she gesture for aurora to step away from the window , which aurora do . she nudge roycf sharply . royce ( defensively ) even a priest can look . roste be that why you drive I today -- to catch a glimpse ef you dreamboat ? she march off towards the house . angle on kitchen door . 31 rosie can see aurora dial the phone . rosie balance the carton and struggle with the key , all within plain sight of aurora who make no effort to help she . finally aurora hang up and busy herself with breakfast rather than open the door fer rosie . int . kitchen - day 32 as rosie enter . aurora ( into phone ) hi , it 's I . I do not want to rive in this rain . would you pick I up ? rosie why do not you just show royce you bosom and get it over with ? ( continued ) 32 33 36 37 23 . continued : 32 aurora ( fume ) instead of be upset with I , why do not you realize that this be apparently how desperate I have get for a little male approval ? rosie ( guiltily ) I do not think of that . ext . houston shopping mall - day . 33 sheet of rain be fall . woman wait in the slim shelter of the department store awning for man to pick they up in the car ... traffic be heavy - ~ the pick - up area three and four car deep . int . emma's car - day 34 as she maneuver towards the area-- four car from the curb . she beep . aurora gesture for emma to get she car closer . emma ( yell ) iea not . you be just go to have to get a little wet . ext . houston STREET - day 35 pour rain--EMMA be old , clearly run-down car in late afternoon rush hour traffic . int . emma's car - day 36 aurora , she package in she lap , note a bit of water run into the car from the top of she window . aurora look at this -- it 's raining in . emma ( broadly sarcastic ) well , heaven . she be strain to see out , wiping at the fogge windowshield with she hand . ext . intersection - day 37 as the light change , emma be car enter . ( continued ) 37 38 39 40 24 . continued : 37 aurora' voice Emma , stop ! fhe car 's brake lock and it hydroplane as it spin in a wide arc . , emma's voice ( frighten ) oh , goddammit ! aurora' voice we do not need language like that now . the car come to rest block two lane . int . car ~ day 38 the engine be silent . emma take a breath of relief , try to start the car ; it will not turn over . aurora shake she head in disapproval . emma crimace at she mother 's attitude then put she hand on the door handle . emma we would better get out of here . aurora why do I have to ? emma it 's too easy for another car to plow into we . ext . car - day 39 emma gingerly get out the driver 's side , no protec - tion from the rain , the car rush by . a hand reach through the passenger 's window , a umbrella open ; aurora step out be ever so careful as she switch the umbrella to the other hand , step gingerly to the street , be startle by a pass car and fall face down into the street . as emma rush around the car towards she , the spray from the wheel of a pass truck drench aurora , the package she be carry moisten and open show the garment she purchase . as emma struggle with she mother , they look up and react : there Pov 40 a short man in a cowboy hat and boot expertly and calmly set down flare , he car park a few foot / behing they . already the flare be have a good effect as the pass vehicle give wider berth . he walx over ( continued ) 40 25 . continued : 40 to they now , a shy Texan name vernon dahlart . right now he help she to she foot ; she be dirty and wet and staggered by she fall , but , even so , the muddy mess of a woman flash a smile , laugh at herself , pull the wet dress a bit more snug against she breast . vernon you be not hurt or anything , be you ? aurora no. emma thanks for stop . what 's you name ? . vernon Vernon dahlart . so you be not hurt ? aurora no. I be very grateful . my name 's aurora greenway and this be my daughter , Emma , and I will not blame you if you do not forgive we for the way we look . vernon I be just glad you be not hurt . aurora I just do not know what we do now . vernon well , I own some garage , so let I phone from my car . I will have you car pick up and fix up and arrange for a loaner for you and I x11 run you on home and there 's some blanket in the back and a thermos of hot pea soup and one of vegetable . aurora ( overwhelm ) thanks . aurora take vernon be arm . emma follow , they walk to he car . he tug nervously at he ear . aurora do not tug at you ear like that . you will stretch you earlobe . vernon I get the fidget around lady . ( continued ) 40 41 42 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 aurora so you be in the garage business ? vernon I get eight or nine business that I look after when I be in Houston . aurora where else do you go ? vernon alberta . a car come by . vernon duck aurora down and take 41 the spray full in he face . she do not get it , however , prompt he to say with sincerity : vernon that be close . aurora what 's in alberta ? vernon oil . she turn to see emma to see if she hear . emma I guess we be drop I off first . int . vernon be car - day 42 as emma get in the back seat , aurora in the front . while vernon circle the car , they have the oppor - tunity to take in the two phone , the tv set build in the back , the safe between the two front seat , the front dashboard of cowhide , the kind with the hair still on it . vernon get into the car . emma what a car . aurora ( touch cowhide ) except for this -- how would that happen ? vernon . . ( chagrine ) my idea . they move off . 43 44 27 . ext . emma's apt . 43 as they drop she off . and drive off . int . vernon' car 44 aurora , a blanket around she , sip soup . . aurora where do you live ? vernon right here mostly when I be in town . the seat become a bed and I own a six - story parking lot so I just park up top . I keep a hotel room for clothes and clean up but I be on the go out of state a lot . I have a pack of niece and nephew down here , though , that I get fun out of . that 's my family and my top man work out of Houston ... I might change that though because of ... whew ... what 's happen here ?... I never talk so much about myself in my life . ext . aurora' house - day 45 as vernon be car pull up . vernon this it ? aurora yes . why do you look so upset ? vernon I guess I wish we be not stranger . aurora I be give a dinner for some family on Wednesday . be you free ? vernon Lord , yes . aurora ( a smile ) let 's walk a little . I will show vou my garden while there 's still some light . he pop a knuckle . aurcra iwish I do not make you so nervous . 28 . int . emma's apt . - night 46 emma my mother give I money to shop so I would not look poor next to patsy . I get you something . flap' voice oh , be patsy go to be there tonicht ? emma . ( annoyed how this please he ) yess . you want to dress better ? flap enter . he be dress for the dinner . a sport coat and slack . flap enter the bedroom as emma snip the tag . flap aw , come on . she hand he a box . he open the cover and find a tie . he be annoyed . flap how often do I wear a tie ? emma tonight you be . plap you do not get that tie for I . you be worried about how I would look to you mother . I wish you would stop be such a quisling where she 's concerned . — MMA be hurt as she look at he . emma every time I feel really happy , you turn perverse on I . flap ( disbelief ) and buy that tie make you happy ? emma yes . yes . I wish you would under - stan@ that because you really do not . it make I very happy describe you jacket to the salesman , think how it would go absolutely perfectly with what you be wear ... ( more ) ( continued ) 46 48 49 50 29 . continued : 46 emma ( cont 'd ) ( she pick it up and hold it against he outfit to see ) .«.. which , by the way , it certainly do . it be a goddamn mardi gras buy you that tie and you be tco dumb to understand that kind of happiness . flap I be sorry . I be terrible . go to you mother 's always make I a little irrational . a car horn sound from outside . flap move towards the door . flap ( call ) we be come , dad. emma ( exasperate ) do you like the tie ? flap sure. emma ( pleased ) I know you would . int . agrora' home - night 47 as she open the door to admit the three hortons --flap , emma and flap 's father , cecil . he 's wear a good suit that do not look like it belong on he . aurora be wear a long green gown and some silver jewelry . in a series of quick cut they go through a ritualistic inspection . angle on aurcra 48 as she quickly check out she daughter 's hair . angle on emma 49 catch she mother 's disapproval . on aurora 50 look at the dress , nodd that she like it . 51 $ 2 53 54 30 . on emma 51 acting like she mother 's opinion do not matter . on aurora $ 2 as she note flap be tie . on flap 53 uncomfortable because despite he own considerable independence , he always feel cow by he mother - in- law . on aurora 54 her well - care - for hand swallow by cecil 's. aurora come in . how be you , cecil ? cecil I always look forward to be here . I never know what I be eat but you can not beat it for tasty . as aurora close the door . int . live room - night s5 rosie be pass a tray with goody . she 's smoking . aurora be guide cecil through the room . vernon enter with a drink in each hand . never , at any moment , do he eye leave aurora . at one point patsy stare at he as he drink in aurora . patsy you like she , huh ? he do not hear she . because at that moment aurcra laugh at something . vernon love she laugh , he eye shine , he shake he head in utter wonderment at how perfect the laugh be . vernon ( to himself ) Lord , she 's somethin’ . patsy ( louder ) you like she ? vernon be startlec . he turn to face patsy . vernon ( a bit mortify ) do it show ? ( continued ) 55 56 31 . continued : 55 angle on aurora and cecil and flap . aurora ( to cecil ) I be make shrimp creole and I be not serve bread . I do not think it will be possible for you to sop the plate clean the way you always do . cecil I be too good for you to stop with any meal . . aurora well , we will see . flap do not make fun of he . aurora really , every time you get two sip of a drink in you , you start look for a way to confront I . do not do it in my house . cecil whut 's go on ? leave she alone . she 's fine to I . aurora let 's sit down -- patsy , Vernon . patsy , find Emma . ext . garden - night : 56 rosie , smoking , have a tray of drink beside she as she and emma sit with foot up on the back porch . they be drink . rosie so he stay away four whole day and when he come back , he do not even stay awake long enough to rub my back . emma want I to rub it ? rosie would you ? emma get up , stand behind rosiz and rub she back as patsy come up . ( continued } 56 57 32 . continued : 56 rosie he use to give I such a good loving - - wild but polite . remember how I use to tell you when you be young ? emma my favorite storey . rosie . you be always the best child I know . I always feel bad inside that I love you more than my ... own . anyway , after he fall asleep , my throat just close on I . I get the choke feel . you know what I be talk about ? emma no. rosie ( surprised ) oh , good . patsy now decide she can interrupt . patsy you mother 's serve . rosie let 's go . she walk briskly inside . patsy and emma walk in behind she . emma feel natural . for she the episode with rosie be not particularly special but patsy , as happen to she with some frequency in this friendship , feel shallow next to emma . there be a half - beat of alienation as patsy walk alongside she . emma you okay ? patsy yes . she put she arm around patsy be shoulder as they walk in . int . dine room - night 87 flap be feel faizly wanton as he look at patsy . when she become aware of this : ( continued ) 57 58 59 33 . continued : 57 flap {to patsy ) Emma say you help she pick out the tie for I . I really like it . thanks . on aurora 58 seat at the head of the table , vernon and cecil on either side . she catch vernon stare at she intently and push he face a bit so it be point in another girection . she , in turn , be fix on the spectacle of cecil use a prawn to mop up the very last trace from he plate . he be really into it , dip the prawn in the gravy and slurping it dry , then re-dipping it . cecil . ( mouth full ) and you think I could not do ... aurora I be sorry but I just can not understand you if you talk with you mouth full . cecil sorry . he take the food from he mouth and hold it in he hance . cecil ocontinue } now I be say ... ( break into laugh ) just want to see you face . he chuckle and replace the food in he mouth . int . kitchen - night 59 as emma and aurora , some thousand of clean-up to they eredit , work with smooth precision on this one . sut aurora keep a steady eye on she daughter since they be handle the good china . aurora careful . do Vernon say a word ? be not it just my luck to get someone who have no idea how to handle I ? I do not like be worshipped until I earn it . what 's wrong with you ? {continued ) 59 60 34 . continued : 59 emma it do get my goat that my husband lust after my best friend . ( calming ) : maybe my temper be due to nature . - ( she turn the she ) there be some good news . I be unofficially pregnant . aurora ( quickly ) what do you mean ? emma I do not get the test back but you know I , I be never late . ( on aurora 's look ) I be go to get so mad if you be not happy for I . I mean it . aurora and what abcut meee ? what about my be a grandmother ? emma what 's wrong with that ? aurora ( suffer ) nothing . it 's wonderful . it just might not be true . ema I think it be so you might as well ... aurora {angry but clench ) but maybe it 's not . so let 's not start the celebration prematurely . she stalk out the side door lead to the front vard . aurora walk the lawn barefoot under the star . 60 this moment stagger she . she move into a darker area so that we can just see she , but we hear she sighing , collect herself . suddenly she be illumi - nate by headlight as a long lincoln pull in the border driveway . angle on car as it step . we see that garrett be in the passencer seat sit beside two beautiful and beautifully ( continued ) 60 35 . continued : 60 dress youne woman . they be almost as young as the girl we have see he with earlier but there be a great difference . they be privileged , upper strata young woman . the world owe they a live and it have show every intention of pay up . doris do you need some help ? garrett I will let you know after I stretch my leg . ke open the car door and fall flat on he face . he laugh . doris lean out the window . she have obviously have she hand full with he for a good part of the evening . doris ( lean out the window ) you be bleed . garrett that 's okay . come inside . doris no , thank you . garrett Safety in number . doris no , thank you . garrett what be there to be afraid of ? aurora have almost forget herself and she probiem to take a few step closer where she stand take every - thing in . doris afraid ??? garrett well then , doris , why not come in ? doris because you be much older than the boy I date , because you be drunk , because when I go there tonight to see a United States astronaut give a lecture , I do not expect he {more } ( continued ) 61 doris ( cont 'd ) to prowl after we all night long . I expect a here , not some silly flirt who have to keep he jacket open because he belly 's get too bis . garrett ( hopefully address other girl ) Lee Anne , would you like to come in ? lee anne you would better tend to that cut . the car move of2 . he grovel about try to get tc he foot . garrett omumble a judgement ) this be not a good time . he try to pull himself up by grab a full garbac can . instead it tip over . garbage be on he , he be bleed considerably , grunt in genuine pain that have sober he instantly as the heavy metal can crash against he head . now aurora step out . he see she . garrett will you give I a hand ? aurora give you a hand ? it 's all I can do not to step on you face . she step over he and cross to the house . go to blac int . large college auditorium - day the entire audience be make up of young woman . they be address by a somewhat older , but decidedly Eastern , woman . speaker and what we be talk about today be not just for woman who do they shopping on fifth Avenue or rodeo drive ... ( continue . 61 37 . continued : 61 angle on emma and patsy . emma be hold a adorable infant , she first bear , tommy . patsy sit alongside she , somewhat intent . . emma where 's rodeo drive ? patsy beverly Hills . emma nod . speaker ( continue ) do not make the mistake of think this movement be for that woman eut there . this will impact on you life . tommy start cry . emma attempt to shush he . she be embarrassed . emma Tommy --sssshhh . speaker ( continue ) the final tyranny be not how the establish order view we but how we can be make to view ourselves . tommy' cry be now so pronounce that emma excuse herself , step over several other woman . seated girl be 's sweet look . emma thanks . wish he be quietez . and now she reach the aisle . speaker I say before there be three thing you can do immediately and easily to improve the quality of you life . now I will tell you what that three - thing be . number one ... emma be at the head of the aisle . she push open the door with one hand , step out and the door close behind she and she squalling baby . 62 63 38 . ext . aurora' back yard - day ~ two year later 62 where we can see tommy , now a toddler , move after rosie , who dart away from he . rosie come on , run harder . aurora' voice he 's so fat . emma's voice no . his leg will grow a lot this year . aurora' voice that will not make much difference if you keep stuff he with food . int . aurora' laundry room : 63 where emma be do she clothes . her mother look out the window at she grandson . the SOUND of a phone ringing . she hang emma pick it up . aurora ( continue ) if it 's Vernon , tell he ... emma »e-that you be out . aurora ... that I be rest . emma ( into phone ) hi , flap ... oh-- where ? no , I do not want to wait to hear . tell I . ( suddenly down ) my. oh , you do not expect I would be happy -- let 's be honest with each other before we have to start : pretend . look , my mother 's right here try to look disinterested . so I will see you later . I know . everything will be fine . up . the phone be barely on the cradle , then : aurora how long be you go to keep this a secret ? ( continued ) 63 64 39 . continued : 63 emma the only school that 's accept flap as a associate be in Des Moines . we be go to have to move there for the fall semester . aurora have a dark moment , then mutter to hersel < . aurora he can not even do the simple thing -- like fail locally . emma be briefly piss at she mother . ( omit scene ) 64 ext . emma's apartment - day 65 the u-haul be fill and attach to the rear of the horton be car . stack of book and record as always . patsy be car and aurora' cadillac be in evidence as be the two woman and rosie . flap hold tommy by the hand as they look with curiosity at the woman do they leave-take . aurora be wait with grow impatience for rosie to finish hugging and kissing emma goodbye . just as they seem to have finish they last squeeze , one of they get the need for just one mere ; it 's almost a informal reception line with the reception grow colder as they move from emma to tommy to he father . rosie and emma be lock in still another embrace . aurora rosie . rosie ( take order ) okay . ( to Emma ) be sweet , honey . emma okay . and make momma drive you home when you work late . have some fun sometimes , too . patsy step up to emma and they embrace . patsy well , ems ... I do not expect to be this devastate . ( continued ) 65 I ~~ - 66 1 ' a 40 . continued : 65 emma I sure dic . they hus . rosie kiss tommy who try to avoid the kiss . she grab he heaé in both she hand and give he one on the mouth . rosie he 's get himself the sweetest lip . patsy hug the child --rosie nod to flap --aurora lean she face towards flap ; he kiss she once , lean forward to barely brush she cheek with he lip ; they do not touch . patsy give he a hug ; he squeeze a might too hard . patsy be good to she or we will set you . flap not you too , patsy . on aurora 66 poise before she daughter . emma ( teasing ) do not act brave . I know you be go to go to piece without I to nag . aurora well , I be glad somebody 's able to be in a joke mood . she give she daughter a hug as emma move back . =mma that 's the first time I stop hugging first . she hug she mother again . they break and she look at she -- then shake she head in disapproval . aurora get yourself a decent maternity dress . emma ( grin ) you have to get one in . ( continued ) 66 68 4l . continued : 66 aurora she think it 's I . it 's not . ( turn to other ) you be she friend , patsy , tell she . she move to she grandson . he stare at she . they be not close . - aurora well , Tom . she pat he head absently . tommy Goodbye , aunt aurora . tommy get in the back of the car . flap and emma in front . rosie start to cry . aurora look at she with d@isapproval so rosie move off to enter aurcra be car and cry in private . patsy write as soon as you get there so I know you adéress and all . emma nod , not able to speak . emma's Pov from inside car 67 patsy and aurora stand just a few foot apart . aurora 's a bit more vulnerable than we might have imagine anc a bit less than we would hope . aurora ( to Emma ) the phone bill be go to be enormous . emma smile at she mother . aurora back off , but before the car pull out , emma beckon patsy over to the car for a private word . on aurora 63 overhear what emma be say . emma do I a favor . look in on my mother once in a while . patsy I think she 's glad she finally dee not have to see I anymore . ( continued ) 42 . 68 continued : 68 emma no . you interest she . patsy okay . be happy . I love you . emma I , too . they kiss through the open window . flap can we go now ? emma _ ( want a last , long look ) okay . but go slow . flap hit the accelerator , burn rubber . they move quickly out of sight . 69 aurora and patsy 69 stand several foot apart . they first moment ever tosether without emma as intermediary . from the look on aurora' face , it be obvious to patsy that she have overhearé . a awkward pause , then : patsy I really would like to come see you from time to time . aurora ( nicely , even warm ) I think we both know I be not old enough to need a welcome wagon and you have get too much go for you to be one . patsy oh , Mrs. greenway . she shake she head and walk . we can almost see the minute beat where aurora decide not to linger and look back at the apartment she daughter live in as a bride and young mother . 70 ext . bus stop =~ day 70 as aurora be car come to the curb to drop rosie off . int . car - day rosie ery , aurora can not bear it . she lean rosie to open she door . aurora - here 's you bus stop . will you . get out ? she shove at she . rosie De not push I when I be ery . - aurora it 's not the end of the world . rosie it 's the end of you world . Emma 's the only one who can take ya . aurora that 's right , I do not have a devote husband like yours to comfort I . rosie fiercely mad ) oh , you shit -head . aurora just get cut . rosie get out of the car , gather hersel= . shout at aurora as she drive away . rosie lock like we be go to get alon¢c wonderful without Emma , do not it ? int . flap' car = night emma look for the right radio station , flap flap honey . she look at he . flap I think it 's go to be good for we to be away from you -- we family . emma nod , edge closer to he . 71 across she 72 drive . ( continued ) 72 a at | a i ' 73 ' 74 i 's 's 75 's o~ 44 . continued : 72 tommy I miss Houston . emma you do not know how lucky you be . everybody want to go to Des Moines . people come from all over the world to get one look at Des Moines before they die . some people think it 's the best city in Iowa . flap grin at she . tommy I know you be teasing . Texas be the best . emma get on she knee and begin to fix up a bed for tommy in the back seat . as she do so ... emma stop worry . we be go to see terrific new thing . as she turn back , she eye be catch by something out the window . emma's Pov 73 a sign light by a billboard lamp . it read '' you be now leave Texas . " back to emma 74 her eye fill with tear . she be surprised and a bit embarrassed by she reaction . she turn to flap , point at the tear in she eye , feel foolish . emma well , look at I . ext . aurora' house - evening 75 aurora upset -- barefoot . walk she backyard , work the garden . we hear a man run , whooping , then the splash of water , then swim , then a man emerge from a pool . aurora do not approve . . aurora ( yell for quiet ) will you please ... if you will ...? ( continued ) 75 continued : 75 garrett , toweling himself , naked to the waist , at least from what we can see , come to the fence separate the property . garrett sorry . I just take a sauna and you can not help yell when you hit that cold water . 7 she nod and continue putterinc , unnerve by he near presence . garrett . ( continue ) you be not go to ignore I when I speak directly to you ? aurora I be not ignore you . what be ti suppose to say ? okay . I suppose it be hard not to yell when you hit that cold water . he grin , muse whether to confess something tc she . she have turn away . garrett hey . aurora ( turn ) hey ? she almost look straight at he but be unable to and busy herself again . garrett well , what be you name -- aurora ? aurora yes . garrett you want a shock ? aurora not especially . garrett they be go to have this NASA dinner at the White House . some ( more ) ( continued ) 75 4é. continued : ( 2 ) 75 garrett ( cont 'd ) cosmonaut and all of we and I be think there be nobody I could take . because everybody I fly : with , they wife would have give . I bitch bite up and down my back if I show up with one of my regular girl and I do not know anyone they age . and then I think , I could ask my next door neighbor . she look at he with astonishment . garrett ( continue easily ) then they cancel the evening . but I be really go to ask you out for a minute there . in spite of everything . be not that a shocker ? aurora sure . imagine you have a date with someone where it be not necessarily a felony . garrett ( have fun ) what would you have say if I 'é ask you -- seriously ? aurora -- just a bit unnerve -- think for a beat , then : aurora I would have say I would like to see the White House . . garrett so you would have go . well , aurora , I be the one who end up shocked . aurora ( smile despite hersel= ) Goode night . she start in . garrett what the hell ? you want to have @inner out sometime ? ( continued ) 75 continued : ( 3 ) 75 aurora ~~ ( too fast ) no . no , thank you . garrett luneh . do not lady like you have lunch a lot ? she turn , suspect she 's be tease , ready to be angry . 76 aurora walk to she shoe and pick they up . she 76 wiggle she toe in the grass , look at the attractive , grin man . aurora you know , you manner be not -- there 's something like you think you be toy with I . garrett yes , I be play with you , aurora . want to play ? have lunch . ' she cross to he , then stop a few foot away . _ ~ aurora see , that 's just the element I mean . . if you want to have lunch at some ! restaurant to have a more pleasant atmosphere around the neighborhooc , I be not go to say not , but ... ' garrett okay , then . we will try it . | aurora : but first , let 's ... , ( on he grin ) I be not fool , first , let 's clarify ... 's ' garrett gesture to she . garrett come here . we be too far apart ' to talk . she move closer to the fence try to seem amused and patronize when she actually feel terrify and 16 year old . ( continued ) 76 77 78 79 48 . continued : 76 garrett ( drip sex ) now , since you have agree , let 's save the rest of it . I know how you feel . there be countdown when I have second thought . but I figure ence you have say you will do it and they strap you in an@ you be in the hand of something bigger and more powerful than yourself , you might as well look forward to the ride . aurora I be not go . there 's really something wrong with you . she half -run to the house . garrett chuckle . ext . SMALL park - smith county , kansas - close on sign 77 ite fill the screen and tell we that we be at the exact epicenter of the United States -- the middle of it all . we arm up and back from the plaque embed in the ground ané see the three hortons pose for a picture be saken by a young japanese . tommy be bite he finger the the quick . emma and flap have they arm around each other . they look young and frighten anc lose . on this image , we : go to black . ext . horton house - des moine - six a.m. 78 we be look through bug splatter glass -- the wind - shield of the horton be car , the bug body so prominent that they lend irony to emma's first comment on she new home . emma it lock pretty . int . horton rouse - day 79 the house be simple , close set on either side by very gimilar home . flap begin tote the many box inside while emma struggle to manage toommy's absolutely dead weight out of the rear seat of they two - door car . finally . she get he on she shoulder and move on wobbly leg towards the front door of she new home while she husband carry in two stack of book . there be in she a grow excitement . this far away from she mother , there come a vague feel of extra power , a kind of maturity . ( continued ) 79 continued : 79 emma be happy . as they get into spoon - style sleep position . even though the shade be down , the sun be rise and the room be fairly well illuminate . emma God , I be exhaust . flap you ever make love in Iowa ? emma ( turn to he ; she 's tickle ) even after all that drive . ( a few kiss then ) it 's great that Tommy 's room be all the way in the back , and we can get ' noisy when we want to . flap you get to do that little high pitch squeak of yours . emma ( swatting he ) fonestly ... how about you ? ( imitate he , she shout ) oh my god-- here I go again . yes ! yes ! yes ! flap ( sexy , soft ) oh , God , here I go again . yes -- yes --y . emma ( surprised , shy ) you know you voice just make I wet . ( suspicious ) how come you know how to make you voice like that all of a sudden ? {sudden flash ) you know we can not hear Tommy either . I will check he . she get out of bed . he scowl at she . before he can say a critical word ... emma ( continue ) - I will just be a second . do not get pissy . 80 81 82 on emma 80 as she move through the house make maze - like by carton and box . she stop at tommy be door , then deliberately catch herself and stop herself from enter . as she walk back to she own room . be dissolve to : same house - six month later 81 some furniture have be purchase , the place homey . notably different from Houston as flap have move from poor student to poorer teacher , he furnishings have keep pace . we be look at tommy who be take on the sophistication of a aging toddler . we hear flap and emma's conversation from they bedroom , as do tommy , who be not especially interested . they be talk in loud whisper . flap' voice I have eight or nine papers leave to grade -- this be not love ; it 's selfishness . emma's voice it 's be almost a week since we have be together . we have never go @ whole week . int . horton' bedroom 82 emma in bed pull she dress husband 's arm . even though they each have conflict priority at this moment , this be more fun than argument . the reason they be whisper be apparent in the back¢round where we see emma's old crib hold she baby , teddy . flap sure , we have go a week . emma ( release he ) only during the real pregnant month . forget it . just do I a favor . do not make I feel silly and I will not make you feel guilty . flap Fair enough . I have to hurry . int . horton' outer room 83 as flap give he son a kiss on the way out . ( continued ) 83 uw e continued : 83 flap be a good boy . tommy watch he father leave , then watch he mother enter from the bedroom . she be blow she nose , have just cry a bit . tommy be about to speak then hear the noise of he father return . flap take emma by the hand . flap let 's hurry . emma ( gleeful ) I absolutely love that you come back . I absolutely love it , you have no idea . I feel like you have save we life . ( to Tommy ) we will have breakfast in a minute , honey . the bedroom door close behind they . tommy walk to the door and outside . ext . horton be house - day 84 as tommy sit on the step we hear the faint sound of a woman 's squeak . dissolve to : same scene - five year later 85 tommy be now ten . teddy be five and wear at least part of the outfit we see on tommy in the previous scene . they be sit in front of the house and hearing the off-stage argument they parent be have . flap' voice I do not know why you do not get a job if you be so worried about money . emma's voice what be I go to do with the boy ? flap' voice it 's suppose to be a great day when you get tenure . - emma's voice we do not have enough money to pay the bill now . all tenure mean be we will not have enough money forever . ( continued ) 85 87 52 . continued : 85 tommy begin to walk off . teddy mommy say to wait right here . tommy you stay if you want . teddy be tern , reluctant to g@isobey he mother but unable to resist scurrying after he brother . as they move down the block . flap' voice then I do not see why you can not ask you mother for money . the bey be both upset , teddy seek camaraderie , tommy withdraw . teddy Tommy ? tommy I do not want to talk . . teddy what do you want to do ? tommy ( flaring out ) how about punch each other in the stomach and see who can hit harder ? you want to do that ? teddy look at he , disappcint . there be a half - second attempt to stare he down , then : teddy maybe later . emma come out of the house in the distance , distraucht , 87 look up and down , spot she kid and come march towards they . teddy see she and run towards she , hugging she hard . she hug he back . she be 30 year old and obviously distraught . she comfort teddy and eye tommy who have refuse to budge . emma I be sorzsy we have a fight but it 's over now . tommy nod . ( continuel ) 87 of a 53 . continued : 87 emma ( continue ) I tell you to wait out front though . why would you go down here ? answer I , Tommy . tommy ( challenging ) I do not want people to think we live there . emma be make more angry than guilty by the remark . emma okay . we will let you say one really mean thing to you mother each year . so that will do till you be eleven . tommy you be drive daddy away . emma do not make I hit you on the street . they walk to the car . int . supermarket - day 88 emma push a full basket , she son in tow . she pause at the freeze food bin . emma ( to teddy ) you have never eat Texas style gumbo . teddy ( excited ) no , can we ? he nudge tommy to join in the lobby but tommy , though die for anything with the word " Texas " attach , remain aloot . emma why not ? it 's a good time for a treat . she take some freeze shrimp , react to the high price , and drop it in she basket . teddy yay ! ( continued ) 88 89 s4 . continued : 88 tommy gesture he should take it a bit more calmly . his brother 's exuberance embarrass he . other angle - checkout stand 89 as the checker ring up the sale , a few people wait in line behind the hortons . the checkout girl ring up the total . girl forty -four dollar . emma dig at she purse , stall for a time while @igging for additional money . tommy ( mortify ) you do not have enough money ? emma ( to girl ) I have thirty - eight dollar and forty cent . I guess I will have to leave some thing here . the girl roll she eye . =mma survey what she 's buy . as she do , the girl address she colleague at the next counter . girl {loudly } could I have the recister key ? she dee not have enough money . tommy stand a few step off . teddy cling to she . he suspect he 's suppose to be mortify . emma ( to son ) there 's nothing wrong with this . I just take the wrong purse . she hand back the tv guide . the girl deduct 25 cent . girl forty - three dollar and seventy - five cent . emma feel at she hair , give back the conditioner . girl forty - one dollar and thirty - five cent . ( continued ) 89 continued : 89 emma examine the remainder . she need the meat and produce . she give back a package of miniature candy bar . tommy - you promise I could get something . emma r'm not give back real food . tommy give she this . he indicate a box of mydol . emma no way . emma hand back the candy bar . she have just take candy from she baby . girl forty dollar and thirty - five cent . tommy ( squawk ) mommy ! emma quickly take a single bar from the rack and hand one to tommy . girl forty dollar and forty - five cent . she look at teddy who do not complain . emma take another candy bar from the rack and give it to teddy . girl forty dollar and fifty cent . we be go in the wrong direction . emma ( to girl ) will you please stop be so goc - damned nasty ? that 's not go to make this any easier . we be both people , you know . girl ( somewhat mute ) forty dollar and fifty cent . teddy offer he mother he candy bar . ( continued ) 89 90 56 . continued : ( 2 ) 89 emma look up . she have just be deeply touch by she son 's action . there 's something wrong with you if you do not want to hug she just now . : man' voice Mrs. Horton . SAM burn , a man in he early 50' , stand there , 90 a bottle of ginger ale stick out of the paper bag he carry under he arm , with a great desire to rescue emma from embarrassment . it 's not the sort of thing he do well . SAM burn I be Sam burn from the bank . ( jogging she memory ) I turn you down on the second on you house ? emma qf course . I know who you be . SAM burn could I help make up the difference here ? emma sure . I will get it back to you tomorrow . thanks . he start to hand the girl some money . there be the merest of hint that he may have have a few drink . SAM burn ( to girl ) you be a very rude young woman . I know Douglas from the rotary and I can not believe he would want you treat customer badly . girl I do not think I be treat she badly . SAM burn then you must be from New York . she hané he he change . SAM burn thank you , miss . ( continued ) 90 91 92 57 . continued : 90 girl ( mumble , break ) .-- welcome . he heft she bundle and they exit . ext . supermarket - day 91 as the four of they walk towards the car . emma it be start to feel like the worst time I ever have . I would not have think it be possible to get cheer up so fast . I be grateful . SAM burn no problem . they smile , eye meet . they shy from the contact , then resume it . two people who never flirt be giscover what they have be miss . tommy ( sharply ) mommy . mommy ! emma just give we a second . wait over by the car , honey . ( Tommy start to speak ) wait over by the car , honey . ( he start to speak acain ) ( Emma loudly ) wait over by the car , honey . ( he open he mouth ; Emma up she volume ) wait over by the car , honey !!! ( before he can speak , Emma go full out to assert she will ) over by the car . over by the car . now ! now ! now ! throughout this confrontation teddy have be try 92 to cet tommy move and now he finally do . SAM smile after they . SAM Nice boy . you be great with they too . ( continued ) 92 93 94 58 . continued : 92 emma I think all three of we be go through a stage ... ( a beat then ) : hey . thanks again . SAM no thanks require . I have have a lovely time . emma I too . they seem to have just have a retroactive date . there be enormous reluctance to draw apart before confirm the contact . emma I will get the money back to you . SAM do not bother yoursel£ . you could just drop it in the mail . =mma to the bank ? : SAM sure . you could even use a check - by - mail envelope ... ( a dare moment ) «..0r you could come in . whichever . emma maybe I will just come in sometime . SAM that would be fine . int . aurora' bedroom - morning , 93 aurora enter bear a tray -- coffee , fresh roll anc small chocolate cake . she set the tray down near she window seat , plump a pillow , get in position ané pick up the phone . int . emma's house - day 94 tt be quite early . she be look out she front window . the alarm clock go off in the bedroom . almost simultaneously , the phone start to ring . 95 96 37 53. int . boy ' room ~ day 95 emma Tommy , teddy , move it . I have no time to fool with you . int . emma's room - day 96 only one side of the bed look sleep in . she pick up the phone so that it stop ringing and then before say anything put it down , turn off the alarm clock , then return to the phone . emma ( anxiously ) hello ... oh , hi , mother . could we talk later ? I have get the boy to get off . it 's not a good time for I to be on the phone . int . aurora' bedroom - day 97 aurora do not be so inconsiderate . there be a splash . she look and can - see to next door where garrett be do energetic lap . she close the window to shut out the sound . aurora ( continue ) I have get myself all set for a good talk with you . you have almost a hour to get the boy eff . what 's wrong ? emma , nothing . aurora will you stop this and just tell I ?! emma ( sudééenly ) okay , mother . I would like you to loan I some money . JI really and truly need it . will you ? a beat . - emma do not you be quiet . you know how hard that be for I to ask . say no if you want ; just do not be quiet . ( continued ) 97 continued : €c . aurora ( tenderly compassionate ) I be sorry , sweetheart . I be just think . emma ( soften ) think what ? aurora how much I hate to part with money . emma I would not ask if ... well , do not yell , but I really think I may be pregnant again . aurora ' oh , no . and I suppose you be go to go ahead and have it . emma yes , of course . what 's happen to you , anyway ? aurora do not act like it 's so terrible . t keep hearine about bright young woman who be have simple abortion and get wonderful job . you can go right next door to Colorado and get one . emma I do not know why I tell you anything . I seem to like you less and less . aurora that 's because I be the only one who tell you the truth . how be you life go to get better if you keep have child with that man ? how ? what miracle be gcing to take place to rescue you ? emma leave I alone . ( then mad ) I need money . why not just give I my painting to sell ? you always promise I the klee . ( continued ) 97 97 96 continued : 61 . ( 2 ) 97 aurora that 's you security . I be not go to let you use it for rent . we hear the sound of the front door close . she hang she walk sniff at emma ( beat ) Mom , let 's not do this . I will speak to you later . aurora if the money really ... ' emma no . do not give I the money . it would make you crazy . aurora ( realistically ) yes , it would . emma call I tonight if you want ... Goodbye ... up as flap enter -- unshaven . 98 to he , study he . he be scared . she he fear . flap what 's wrong ? * emma where have you be all night ? flap I be sorry , ems . I fall asleep on that big sofa at the library again . I do not know what 's wrong with I . emma okay . flap walk to she , pat she belly , try to avoid she gaze . emma . ( low ) I be on to you . . flap I be not do anything . ( continued ) $ 8 continued : they look he start emma you be too . flap I hate see you this unhappy . you do not know how much I ... emma do not change the subject . plap what 's the subject ? emma ( ominous ) that I be on to you . at each other . emma you would not try to look so innocent unless you be guilty . flap you alwav get paranoid during you first month . to walk away . she block he path . emma ( quietly to he ) if you be do something and you be try to make I feel like I be crazy because I be bear we child , then you may have just sink to a point so low you may never recover . you may have just panicked , flap , and try to save yourself , you have throw out you character and principle . the only way you can possibly redeem yourself and be the man God intend you to be be to take the responsibility and admit anything that you may have be do tonight . if you do not do that nowe- right now - - you be a lose man . a shell , a bag of shit dust . flap be uncertain . emma be gaze be unwaver , then the phone ring . flap grab it . ( continued ) 98 99 63. continued : : 98 flap ( happily ) oh , hi--aurora . how be you ? yes , she 's right here . it be nice ? hearing you voice again . he hand she the phone and exit . emma look after he . dissolve to : int . aurora' dine room ~ night 99 gather around the table , a birthday cake in the center , be aurora , vernon , the banker who want to take aurora to tahiti on page 6 , and a new face , the newly widow dr . douglas ratcher , a family physician - - he deliver tommy . the banker be finish , read a poem he write especially for the evening while aurora busy herself lick the icing from some of the burnt out candle . : banker and so another birthday for a gal name aurora greenway . even though 50 , she stiil take my breath away . : mere mortal just gaze as she light up they sky . a heavenly object -- a siren 's cry . the poem have come from he heart . he look at she . banker you be the best ... happy bizthday . dr . ratcher you be not lie about you age , be you ? aurora of course not ! dr . ratceher I think you be 52 . come on , aurora , how do you expect to fool the family doctor ? she stare at he . dr . ratcher ( xindly voice of reason ) I be just say it 's better for you emotionally to tell everyone you ace . we will all still like you just as muck . 100 lol 64 . she look at he , staggered that he 's pursue it . 100 rosie have enter with more coffee . she be enjoy aurora be predicament . vernon it seem to I she say she age . aurora thank you so much , Vernon . now ... dr . ratcher my point be the number do not matter , but the effort to conceal it do . aurora ( to rosie ) he 's still talk about it . rosie Dr. ratcher ... dr . ratcher damn it -- I be try to do some good here . the way to adjust to old age be ... aurora be on she foot . she flee towards the kitchen . ratcher coe after she . rosie grab ratcher in a bear hu¢ from behind . rosie Doctor , you be a might confusec now because of be recently widow . so let I go after she . int . kitchen - night 102 as rosie enter . aurora ( agitate ) he want I to accept old ace -- that man 's a lunatic . rosie I think it be good he only catch you on two year . aurora . ( consider ) yes , there be that . sut rosie , I be start to go . that 's why I have such a miserable lot of suitor . ( continued ) 101 ray of tu 103 continued : rosie Vernon 's nice . on aurora rosie ( baby she ) 65 . he never even think about touch I . come on , you do not want to be touch that much anyways . do not pretend you be not worried aurora ( enjoy spook rosie ) about some of the same thing -- vein and sink eye and shuffle along on tiny footstep . admit it . it 's my birthday . let 's be close . okay , woman you be . rosie let 's . it 's a sin before God that you do not know how lucky a and if you do not start show some gratitude soon , you be go straight to hell . - she take a pitcher of coffee and exit to the live room . aurora sit for another beat , ané exit through the kitchen door lead outside . ext . aurora' house - night in she stock foot she walk she lawn . in the back - ground we can see she guest gather at the window stare at she . aurora' Pov the three male face in the window -- vernon , the idiot doctor , the pathetic banker -- slim picking . on aurora as she look across at the astronaut 's house , through the side window , we get a glimpse of he move from view , apparently cooking . now with sudden and extraordinary purpose , she run across the lawn to he door where she ring the bell . wait , nervously back yeah ? up several step . garrett' voice be right there . then ( continued ) 101 take off she shoe 102 103 104 66 . 104 continued : 104 she back up some more so that she stand she ground strangely in the shadow a good ten foot away when garrett open the door . he 's in he 50' now . his face and body show it . his bless be that he 's hlissfully unaware of that fact . he be wear one of that short velour bathrobe with nothing on underneath . 105 on garrett 105 at first he do not see she , then do . aurora I be curious whether you still want to take I to lunch . garrett I doe not remember when we be suppose to ... aurora ( argumentative ) a few year back you ask I to ... garrett ( incredulcus ) a few year ... aurora ( override ) ... lunch and I want to know if the invitation still exist . garrett pause . she stare dacger from the dark . he then take the easiest out . garrett why not ? aurora when ? garrett tomorrow ? aurora all right . she walk back to she house , garrett lock after she . 106 ext . river oak corner - early morning 106 you would have to be a native to spot the bus stop -- hardly a marker -- just countrify road where the bus know ( continued ) 67 . 106 continued : 106 ~ to wait . now a crowded bus stop . nine black woman get off , then rosie . as she walk past one house , a black may be in front pick up the morning paper . rosie hi , etta . etta my youngest get knife right in he leg at school yesterday . rosie royce find himself a new slut and he 's say this time he might not be back . : etta you know something ? I be gettin’ to hate day like this . rosie nod in agreement . 106a int . aurora' house lo6a as rosie enter . she hear some noise from the kitchen . aurora be in a slip talk on the phone to emma . the breakfast table be cover with make - up item anc a mirror have be set up . she be almost wildly energetic , perhaps even happy . aurora ( into phone ) Emma , do not be a idiot . of course he 's see someone else . catch he , confront he and leave he . well , — be you happy the way thing be ? ( to rosie ) good morning . ( into phone ) rosie just come in . I be go to have to move . ( to rosie ) I can not be late for the beauty parior when they finally agree to open early . she hand the phone to rosie and charge out . . . rosie ( inte phone ) be , honey , how 's the baby do ? ( more ) ( continued ) 6§. 106a continued : rosie ( cont 'd ) ( pleased ) oh , no kid . well , when we go to see you all ? ( delighted ) really ? well , I will keep my finger cross . oh , big deal . so she 's have lunch with the astronaut . I have get better thing to worry about . it will serve she right if she lose Vernon . 107 int . aurora' live room - day - houston garrett wait at the bottom of the staircase . she come down . she be clearly give this she best shot , dress just so , she hair a tribute to its dresser , delicately and perfectly do . aurora hello , garrett . let 's get go . I be starve ... ( nervous ) ... and there be no hide meaning in that . ice int . emma's old station wagon - day - des moine as it move into a parking place at a shopping center in Des Moines . she give herself a quick onceover in the crack rear view mirror . this be interrupt by the horn beep from the next car . a incredibly brief beep , like a man cough ever so slightly to let someone know he 's there . emma look over . 109 emma's Pov lo6 a 107 108 109 SAM burn get out of he car try net to show the strain of be more nervous than he 's be in ... ever . his grin be too wide . he be shrugging with he face , a sort of helpless gesture of raise he eyebrow and ear . he 's a lucky man for he be approach one of the few woman around who would find he machination endear . SAM burn we both get here the same time . emma how be you ? Nice to see you . SAM burn it 's always so nice to see you . I can hardly believe it . ( continued ) 109 110 69 . continued : 109 emma ( touch ) you too . in a attempt to seal this romantic juncture , SAM burn yook away and pat she on the back . they move towards the restaurant . ext . garrett' driveway - day : 110 as garrett open the door of he yellow corvette and aurora slide in , with some difficulty . the top be down . now garrett get in , put on he seat belt , glance at she as she pat at hersel ?. garrett -~ if you mind the open air , I can ... aurora no , do not worry . grown woman be prepare for life 's little emergency . she remove a scarf match she outfit . as she tie it in place , they pull out . ext . houston highway - day lil a eight track play loudly to override the force of wind in the open car . garrett be relaxec . he shout over the wind to she . garrett ( grin ) we go out together . not bad . aurora be try to be inconspicuous as she hold onto she scart . she turn to give he a tight return smile . the scarf fly off and she carefully create mane whip wildly in the air . aurora would it be too much trouble to put the top up ? garrett the top 's home in my garage . she take this in . the camera show the huge , expansive sweep of road yet still ahead of they . 70 . 112 int . restaurant lady rocm - day 1i2. aurora use every muscle in she arm to brush the knot out of she hair while overhear two apparently young woman converse with each other from behind two adjoin close toilet stall . '' : '' F woman number one oo . I know two girl who use it . they ~ say it 's 96 percent safe , better than a diaphragm but not as good as the pill . it should work ; it be invent in Germany . woman number two but what do you do with it ? woman number one you push it in and it sort of melt . it get real hot , but ... aurora ( explode ) just quiet , please , until I leave . the girl be shocked into silence , aurora exit . woman number one well , who be talk to she , anyway ? 113 int . restaurant - day 113 as she slip inte she chair across from garrett . he grin at she politely . four young woman be seat at a nearby table . garrett glance over . aurora ( explain ) that 's very rude -- to look at other woman when you be with I . garrett I think we be go to have to get d@runk . aurora I do not get drunk and I do not care for escort who do . garrett you suggest this , so trust I cn this one thing . you just get to have some drink . ( continued ) 71 . 113 continued : 113 - aurora ( mull ) to break the ice ? be garrett . of kill that bug you have up you ass . she start to take offense but he be grin at she , perhaps give she some test . aurora ( to pass waiter ) I will have some bourbon , preferably Wild Turkey . garrett ( enormously pleased ) aurora , you be not fun by any chance , be you ? aurora I do not think you should worry about that yet . impatient boy sometimes miss dessert . 114 int . coffee shoppe ~ des moine outskirt - day 114 the light be brighter than the restaurant we just leave . this place be not design for leisurely dining or mid-day rendezvous . it be fast - order functional , kid with ketchup on they face , but there be a knotty pine bar in the back which be where we find SAM burn and emma . they be hold hand in the shy manner of decent people prepare for mortal sin . SAM be be overwhelm by both he good fortune and inner guilt . he be between a rock and a soft place . SAM burn you know , the thing I do not expect be that there would be moment where I forget to be scared someone will see we together . emma do not be so scared . contemplate sin be all we have do . SAM burn I be glad that you have be contem - plate it too . I @id not know that . ( continued ) 72 . 114 continued : llo - emma after all this lunch ... all this hand hold . . SAM burn . Emma , I be not go back to the bank this afternoon . I have to go out and inspect a new home . it 's pretty far out and it 's empty . a silence . emma I have to pick up the kid at five . SAM burn ohe-okay . I understand . do not give it a think . ( then ) it 's only about a 25 minute ride each way . I could get you back here at 4:30 for sure ... I be really badger you . I be sorry . emma ( touch / amusec ) you be not badger . SAM burn Emma , I have not make love to a woman for almost three vear . emma how come ? SAM burn ( embarrassed ) my wife have a dise problem in she back and she can not take have ... any weight on she . emma ( puzzle then ) I hope you do not mind my ask this . well , have you ever think of she get on top ? SAM burn oh , she would not do that . emma she might surprise you . ( continued ) - 73. 114 continued : ( 2 ) 114 '' SAM burn I do not think so . that would be so unlike she . emma do you ever ask she ? SAM burn ( ruefully ) ask she ? about six hundred time . emma laugh out loud . 115 ext , iowa highway - day 115 as SAM burn ' fairlane move along between row of corn field . it be be routinely pass by other car . 116 ext . house = day - long shot 116 as emma get out of she side of the car and move up the walk , then wait . SAM finally get out from behind the steering wheel and walk towards she . SAM this might be terrible to ask , be you think about you husband at all ? emma I be a little . SAM we can go back right now . emma no , stop it , Sam . I want to do this . I be glad I do not know for sure whether or not flap 's see with somebody else . I would hate tc worry whether I be just do this to get even . 117 ext . houston highway - day 117 as garrett be convertible at about 30 mph sway along the waterside roadway connect Galveston and Houston . large ship in the background . garrett be sit atop the driver 's seat steering with he foot . aurora , reluctantly play he accomplice , one of she foot on the gas pedal , a awkward reach from she side of the car . she must shout to make herself hear over the wind . ( continued ) 74 . 117 continued : 117 | aurora I be not enjoy this . garrett : give it a chance . aurora I be stop . garrett what ? she put on the brake . he fall over the windshield , flipping onto the hood of the car , then bounce off to the side onto the grassy shoulder of the road . he lie there . aurora run toward he , a bit panicked . aurora how be you ? he move . there be some bruise . she be bend over he . aurora ( continue ) it 's not my fault , but I be sorry . garrett if you want to get I on my back , vou just have to ask . 118 he grab she and pull she down . kissin¢e she , she 118 begin to come close to relax in the embrace , then garrett stick he hand inside she blouse and into she bra . she pull quickly away but he hand be stick there at a awkward angle . garrett my hand ! my hand ! aurora get it out of there . garrett I can not ! 2 swear it 's break . aurora we be almost have a good time . why do you have to do this ? - garrett I be sorry . please , God , anything . Bend down . ( continued ) 75 . 118 continge=d : 118 she bend over and he extract he hand . the wrist be severely sprain . aurora : why do you have to get drunk ? garrett I be not drunk any more . the pain sobereé I up . let 's go . he start back towards the car rub he wrist . he keep walk . aurora , vulnerable , realize if she do not hurry , he will actually leave she alone , hurry the catch up . it be strike to see she , for the first time , tagging after a man . 11g int . empty house - iowa - day 119 in the corner of a empty room between they two over - coat lie SAM burn and emma . they be squeezing each other make squeezing noise , a happy energize afterglow . SAM burn geé bless you , Emma . emma ( grin ) you look so nice and happy . SAM burn God bless you , Emma . I just feel so wonderful . I just feel so ... ( sudden yelp ) Excuse I . be laugh . then again fervently . SAM burn God bless you , Emma . {back to earth ) oh , I should not - use the Lord 's name . I guess he make we all sinner thouch . I be so afraid we will get catch . but it 's not right to say that , be it ? emma ( anconvince ) no , it 's okay . SAM burn because I be afraid someone will catch we . ( continued ) 76 . 119 continued : 119 - emma —_ Sam , we be out here where even I do not know where . who 's go to see we ? : SAM burn I éid not mean today . I mean next time . I be think Thursday . she smile . SAM burn ( realize ) ch , I guess I ama fool , honey . emma give I a kiss . they kiss . emma hug he , she face press against he coat . emma it feel so good be with you . SAM burn ( wonderment ) '' oo I wanteé to hear you say that and be ashamed of myself for want something like that -- then you say it . . 120 ext . empty house - day 120 as emma and SAM exit the house and walk towards the car , arm in arm . ' 122 ext . aurora' house - day 121 as garrett , still piss , walk she tc she door . aurora would you like to come in ? garrett I would rather stick needle in my eye . aurora everything would have be fine if you have not get drunk . - ~~ he lock at she contemptuously . ( continued ) 77 . continued : 121 - : aurora I do not want you to think I be like you other girl . garrett not mach danger in that unless you curtsy on my face real soon . aurora what be it that make you try so hard to shock and insult I ? I really hate that way of talkinc which you must know , so why do you do it ? she have a point . he consider it . garrett I tell you , I do not know what it be about you , aurora , but you bring out the devil in I . he smile . she look at he -- she 's flustered . be start to go . aurora I suppose just because I be not Little miss round heel , you be not go to call . he turn . garrett Little miss round heel ? aurora well , what do you call a woman who fall over and have sex after a first date ? garrett sweetheart . she laugh despite herself . he be pleased at he joke . aurora oh , look at you . you be so proud of yourself . garrett see you around . 122 122 78 , continued : ( 2 ) lal he keep walk across the lawn to he house . aurora walk towards she own , sneaking a few coy look that ave waste for garrett never break stride , enter he house and close the door leave aurora awash with uncertainty sighing with the impossible thrill of it all . dissolve to : int . emma's house - night 122 emma be warming formula in the kitchen . we can see the boy through the doorway lead to the live room when the telephone ring . teddy ( into phone ) hello . what ? what ? ( to Emma ) it 's for you , mommy . emma ask who it be . teddy ( into phone ) who be it ? {to enna ) it 's the bank . emma take the formula out . emma Tommy , feed this to Melanie . ee enter . teddy could I ... tommy let he . emma ( continue ) give this to Melanie . ( louder before he can squawk ) Tommy , give this to Melanie . ( still louder before he can squawk ) Tommy , give this to Melanie . ( continued ) 79 122 continued : 122 he take the formula . emma walk through the live room , pick up the phone and take in into the bathroom . intercut between : 123 int . bathroom - night 123 she sit on the side of the tub . emma ( into phone ) hello ? I can hardly hear you . 124 int . laundry room - night 124 SAM burn stand with washer - dryer work . : SAM I be in the laundry room so nobody could hear I . emma but I can not hear you either . SAM oh ... wait a minute , we be set a quieter cycle . the spin cycle stop and now he lower he voice . SAM ( continue ) can you hear I now ? good . be it bad to call ? emma no , I be definitely in the market for sweet talk . teddy start knock on the bathroom door . teddy Mom , I have to go . really . emma just a second . she open the door . teddy enter and start to pee while look over at he mother . ( continued ) 124 125 80 , continued : 124° emma ( to teddy ) ssh. ssh . he look confuse as to how to make pissing quieter . then , see she mean it , he aim for the side of the bowl . from the mute sound , we know he have succeed . emma ( into phone , continue ) what be you say ? SAM just how absolutely good I feel . and even though I be scared -- and we have commit adultry -- no matter what happen , I be just so grateful to God or the devil for let I feel this way again . emma I be sure glad you tell I . teddy reach to flush . emma gesture he away , 125 fearful the noise of the flush will break the mood . teddy but you tell I always to ... she move he out . teddy can I hold Melanie ? . emma : yes . emma pick up the phone asain . emma Sam ? SAM ( nervously ) be everything okay ? can you talk ? emma yes . SAM I have just be think how great it would be if we could be with ( more ) ( continued ) gl . 125 continued : 125 SAM ( cont 'd ) each other sometimes -- or just once even -- in a real room with a real bed and ... operator ocutting in ) I have a emergency call from Mrs. aurora greenway in Houston , Texas for Mrs. Emma Horton . SAM oh , no ... emma it 's okay , Sam , she always do that when the line 's busy . operator will you release ? SAM yes , of course , operator . we be just talkinc . emma speak to you later . she hane up and the phone rinc immediately . emma hi. how would it go ? 126 int . aurora' bedroom - night 126 she be wear a bathrobe and eat a chocolate eclair . aurora the astronaut 's impossible . a arrogant , self - center , and , yes , somewhat entertaining man - - who have realize he ambition and be at last forever a spoiled child . emma ( pleased ) talk about you match make in heaven . aurora you would think so , would not you ? but I really think he 's just not go to have any more to do with I . ( continued ) 126 127 82. continued : 126 - emma aw , why ? aurora . I do not want to tell you . emma be it because you will not go to bed with he ? aurora on a first date . emma well , it 's hardly a first date , Mom ... he 's be live 10 foot away for 20 year . I mean why do not you at least talk about the real reason ? aurora I do not know what you mean . emma that it 's be about that long since you have do it . aurora shut up ! I mean it ! emma oh , come on . aurora no , come on . emma it 's just we . aurora I will hang up . emma ( give in ) okay . there be a uncomfortable silence . emma , take the 127 phone and re-enter the live room . tommy be on the sofa read . teddy be hold melanie horton . she be a extraordinary beauty . her look commané tribute . she be a live aesthetic . emma you want to say hi to the kid ? ( continted ) 127 128 129 of ww . continued : 127 aurora well , I be not exactly in the mood to play granny right now . . emma . okay . sorry I upset you . so long . she hang up . aurora stand there in the middle of the room . she walk to she window and open it ... her Pov 128 over the fence she can see garrett do lap in he pool . aurora - 129 take a bit of she eclair and then throw it into a waste basket . she be experience the first gnaw stace of a anxiety threaten to escape and ravage she after decade of quiet . she cross to a dresser and search for a particular nightgown , find it . she sit , nightgown on she lap , anc go through the phone book . she write down a number which she find , all the while throush the open window we hear garrett do he lap . she take off one earring and toss she head a bit to get the receiver just right before gialing . the phone ring until eventually we hear the SOUND of lap stop . we hear the muffle voice of garrett at the other end say , " hello " . aurora ( she voice not behave ) hello , garrett . I be just sit here realize that I would never show you my renoir . would you care to come over and see my renoiz ? oh , stop it . you know renoir 's a painter . sometimes it 's really stupid to pretend you be stupid . JI be say what I mean . I be invite you to lock at my renoir . yes , it happen to be in my bedroom . do not cackle . do you want to see it ? whenever you like . you could come right now or be a fool . see you in a bit then . ( suddenly uncertain ) - if I do not answer the bell , the back door 's open . ( continued ) 84 . 123 continued : 129 - she hang up , hold herself briefly . the excitement so great that it 's unwelcome . she stand and cross to the bathroom , more frighten than she expect . we remain in the bedroom area where we hear the rustle of satin and then the doorbell ring . aurora' voice oh , my -- he run it ? she rush from the bathroom dress in she nightgown and carry a largish mirror which she set up near the door garrett will soon enter . now she turn off the light , move quickly back to the doorway of the bathroom and pose , backlit , in the doorway try to make out she image . the nightgown be simple and sexy . then we hear garrett on the stair . she rush across the room , take the mirror back inside the bathroom . there be a knock on the bedroom door . aurora enter wear a bathrobe over she nightgown . aurora garrett ? garrett' voice sure . she open the door . he be wear wet swim trunk . garrett ( apelogetically ) I be do lap when you call . lucky for you I would only do eight . he grin at she . she turn she back on he and look up at the painting as he approach from behind . he put he hand on she shoulder . garrett I like the painting . I like everything in here . ( into she ear ) relax , baby , it 's go to be great . she wheel on he , sputtering in indignation , feel genuinely and deeply reduce and insulted . aurora just who do you think you be talk to like this ? do not you realize I be a grandmother ! ané with that she take he face and give he a stun , open-moutheé , expert kiss . they break . he be staggered . ( continued ) 85 . 129 continued : ( 2 ) 129° aurora it 's not flatter if you look too surprised . just give I a minute . her self - image buoy by she own action , she move towards the bathroom pause to scoop up & perfume atomizer from she dresser . garrett wait , a hand reach around to turn off the light and then we see aurora as she pose earlier , backlit and intrigue . garrett I like the light on . aurora then go home and turn they on . he accept she condition and stand wait in the shadow . she move towards the bed . in the darkness we can see he step out of he elasticize swim trunk , hopping a bit as he fail to release the second leg smocthly while aurora turn back the cover and slip inside . he join she under the cover . garrett this be the softest mattress I have ever be on ! aurora well , come from you ... ( then a whisper secret ) I always like to splurge on bedding . we hear a rustle and see he start to move with enormous enercy . aurora no. {a small kiss ) let 's lie still for a while . all right ? 130 int . emma's bedroom - nicht 130 emma and flap asleep , she arm over he chest . tommy and teddy enter . teddy begin to move towards he mother 's side of the bed to wake she . tommy restrain he and lead the way to flap . in the b.g. now that the door be open , we hear a fierce , bark cough . ( continued ) 130 131 86 . continued : 130 tommy dad ? dad ? he awaken terrify , make noise of fear for a gecond so that the boy , alarmed , back off . emma remain asleep . flap ( a whisper ) what 's wrong ? teddy ( soft ) Melanie 's sick -- hear she ? flap listen for a second , then jostle emma vigorously . flap the baby 's sick . emma be sleepily but nonetheless quickly on the move . in the instant before she 's awake she have already cover a good deal of floor space and mumble some comforting word . now , awake , she turn the light on at the door , turn to flap , sit in bed . emma you come ? flap get out of bed . int . dine room - night 131 which have be turn into a nursery . as emma turn the light on and hear melanie be seal - like couch and note the baby 's limb be ge . emma I need a thermometer . flap , stand in the doorway , start to think about where the thermometer might be . teddy dash to a drawer , tear at thing inside . emma ( to teddy ) De not get frantic . he bring the thermometer . tommy , a old hané , give she a nearby bottle of vaseline . . ( continued ) 131 132 continued : 131 ~~ flap walk to she , he manner suggest that it be she who be in danger of become unglue . he take the baby ; emma stick the thermometer in . she stand there hold it . teddy be patting the baby consolingly . tommy be loitering in the doorway . emma teddy , she do not even feel that hot . you go ahead to bec . teddy I will not be able to sleep , so why can not ... emma please . I will come in scon ... flap come on , boy , it 's bad enough we be make this a drama . it 's not go to qualify as high drama . the boy exit . emma I be sure it 's the croup . ( on flap 's expression ) remember Tommy have it twice ... ( on flap 's expression ) ...a throat infection and we have to steam he ... ( on flap 's expression ) .~.. maybe you be at the library . int . bathroom = night ; 132 emma sit on the toilet seat , melanie in she lap , gorgeous even in sickness . flap turn on the hot water full blast as the steam begin to gather . flap how long do we keep she here ? emma what be you go to do -- go back to sleep ? flap I just ask how long . ( continued ) 132 133 134 continued : 132 emma until she throat clear or I lose four pound , whichever come first . about twenty minute . I do not . know . we will see how she sound ... flap lean against the sink ... flap I have be offer a job . emma why do not you say something ? flap I want to think about it . it 's head of the English department at kearney State College at about the same money . emma where be that ? plap nebraska . . emma I want to stay here . fla ? you do not like it here . why do you want to stay all of a sudden ? emma the kid , school , the housing thing , the baby , the car , pediatrician , the kid ... I just want to stay here . flap it 's head of the department . int . emma's kitchen - morning 133 the boy go off to school . emma , not have sleep all night , kettle boil on the stove to provide some mist for melanie , whose cough sound better . emma pick up the phone . int . aurora' bedroom - morning 134 she lie there stare at the far wall , she body alcng - ~ side one cf this nation 's herce . her arm rest on ( continued ) 134 135 136 89 . continued : 134 she sleep lover . she seem to be smile . the phone ring . she pick it up before it finish a single sounding and talk in a whisper . : aurora : ( into phone ) yes , operator . I 'l ] accept the eharse if it 's important . intercut with : emma's kitchen : 135 steam and melanie and croup . emma what do you mean if it 's important ? aurora I be run a little behind schedule . she lauch atypically , then stop herself . emma you go not know the night I have . aurora smile a bit , wonder whether to confide she own night . emma ( continue ) Melanie have the croup . naturally it happen about two a.m . I still have not be to sleep and I do not know whether he mean it or not , but flap 's talk about move we to this small college in nebraska . and I tell you , Mom , I think Sam 's become someone I ... well , that I at least need a little , you know ? aurora ( whisper ) I be lie here next to the astronaut . angle on garrett 136 his face turn towards we and away from aurora . his eye click open at the mention of he occupation . while in Des Moines emma forget she own life on hearing this awesome news . ( continued ) 90 . 136 continued : 136 emma be you really ? aurora by um-hmm . emma ( boldly ) how be it ? aurora I will speak to you later . emma okay , I will let you go . so leng . I feel so good for you . emma hang up . her spirit buoy . she check out she baby daughter , see that she 's look better , say some word of encouragement , i.e. , " well , we be bounce right back , huh , Melanie ? " turn off the kettle , wipe away some perspiration and resume she own day . 137 ext . river oak bus stop - day 137 the bus stop -- rosie get off . a bit lifeless as she begin she day . there be a beep ; she look over to see vernon and brighten ? rosie when do you get back from odessa ? vernon just . she get in the car . 138 int . vernon be car - day 138 she pat he hand , happy to see he . she luxuriate a bit . this brief ride in the expensive , gadget - fill car be a high point . 139 there Pov _ 139 aurora and garrett , they back to vernon , walk slowly arm -in - arm . rosie look over to vernon to see how he 's take it . ( continued ) 140 141 142 143 144 gl , continued : 139 - vernon ( simply ) whoever it be be one lucky bastard . rosie . oh , you be the best little man , Vernon . ext . houston neighborhood - day 140 aurora and garrett walk . garrett you understand that I see other woman , do not you ? : aurora I do not think we be engage . you ego , really . other STREET 141 garrett should we eat in ? aurora you be save a fortune on I . garrett I will cook ... three week anc you have not see my place . aurora my best instinct have I avoid it . ext . aurora and garrett' house - night 142 we can see garrett cooking through the side window . a beat and the front door to adurora be house open and she move across the lawn . she knock , garrett be @oor open , she enter . int . garrett' kitchen 143 Steak , fries and a bottle of wine . int . garrett' live room 144 aurora aglow , the live room fill with astronaut memorabilia-- picture , a piece of rock , a NASA flag , a model of a missile . aurora now stare at a moon globe with raise surface denote the crater of the moon . ( continued ) 92 . 144 continued : 1440 garrett ( proudly ) what do you think ? : aurora ( easily ) well , I think it 's sad that you think you need this to impress girl . garrett ( angrily ) need it ? sometimes it be not enough . I do not think there 's a thing wrong with use all you asset . aurora except it turn you profession into a sex trap . garrett oh , come on . we all use whatever we have . TI earn it . it 's as much a part of I as anything else . aurora I do not realize I be trip over such a deeply feel principle . garrett ( agitate ) man , how many man have you hac to step on to get on that high a horse ? but you be not so different , believe I , you be go to ask I very soon what it be like out in space just like every dolly do and I will give you my stock answer an@ you will love it . you will see . you will ask . so do not act like it 's nothing to you . a silent beat . he a bit perturb at himself for let she get under he skin . aurora ( flustered -- back down ) well , of course , I be curious about what it be like out there . ( continued ) 144 be vy 93. continued : ( 2 ) 144 - garrett . ( immediately ) it 's a long , long , long way away and when you be there you feel that : you have get a long , long , long way . to get back . it 's not much different than be out in a field in west Texas except the sky be black and you keep think how far away you be from people . aurora that 's you stock answer . . garrett and it 's true . aurora and you always leave it at that . garrett I would not know what else to say and that happen to be all they require . int . garrett' bedroom - night 145 he be in aurora be arm , the moonlight filter throuch the windew . garrett , for now anyway , feel understand , challenge , love . he be talk about himself in the manner of a hungry man have he first meal in month . she be , as he will later comment , a girl you can really talk to . . . garrett you know what bother I ? none of we ever get together one night , close all the door and compare note on the experience . you would swear there be a rule that we have to pretend it be not the fun that it be -- that if we start say just how much fun it be they would not let anybody go up anymore . I even get a little talk to for laugh through a transmission once . aurora ( fascinate ) keep talk . ( continued ) 94 . 145 continued : 145 garrett and you do sense the speed . tf remember look out the window ... ( catch himsel£ ) . I be like somebody with a belly . tell storey about Korea ... aurora make a motion that he should stop that stuff and continue . garrett ( continue ) anyway , .at this one point , I could see part of the spacecraft and tell that it 's whistling across the ground , but it do not make a sound so that the one thing you can hear , the only noise in the world , be you heartbeat . it 's indescribable , or 2 just can not tell it better -- but that be my moment - ~ the one that do not go away . you know what I mean ? aurora yes . this be my moment . he shift uncomfortably . aurora ( continue ) do not get nervous . he lauch . 146 ext . parm - day 146 it be sunny , warmth return . Iowa cornfield in the near distance . emma be drive SAM this time as she old station wagon move along the lengthy dirt road to this empty farm house and barn . the car stop , SAM burn open the door for emma . as they move around to the back of the wagon and tug at a old child 's mattress of emma's which they have pack for love make . emma it 's so strange not have she call . - you sort of get into the habit of the phone ringing at 8:00 a.m. sharp . it 's almost as if the thing happen to I now be not official because she have not give I the business over they yet . ( continued ) 95 . 146 continued : 146 - SAM heft the mattress on he shoulder and they walk towaré the house . SAM be also carry a briefcase . as they pass the barn , they look over at it ... 147 int . barn - day : 147 emma look inside , then up at the hay loft . SAM come up behind she . she lock at hin , he grin , put down the mattress and they both move up to the loft . 148 loft area - day . 148 the romance of Iowa - - sun , hay , shadow , legend of farmer 's daughter and plow boy dance in we couple 's thought . emma lie down on the hay . emma I just love it when I get to do something I always want to and never figure to . as he take a radio from he briefcase and hanger with pants -holder . emma have becun to undress . SAM burn that 's how I feel every time we be in each other 's company . emma move towards he ... emma I have just get to grab you ear when you say thing like that . she grab he ear hold he blush face . SAM burn why ? emma because you be so cute . SAM laugh heartily . 149 other angle , leok up to the loft 149 the radio play some music . SAM be suit and shirt and tie neatly hang from the rafter . 150 angle on open 150 emma and SAM burn emerge scratch like crazy , lean against a post to seratch spot , then seratch each other 's back . 151 152 153 156 96 . ext . emma's house - day 151 the wagon in the @riveway . she put the kid ' mattress inside the garage . int . emma's house - day 152 empty . she go from room to room , then exit . ext . des moine STREET - evening 153 emma walk and search near the English building of flap be college . she stop . flap , he back to she and we , but we recognize the winter jacket . he be talk with what appear to be intimacy to a tall , attractive woman in she late 20' , a colleague . they be under a street light . the girl have she hand up to plap be face . they be clearly lover . her name be janice . emma i54 her suspicion confirm . the truth jolt she and turn she mean . she advance on the couple with the stealth of Indians and wronge , plump woman . emma's Pov 155 now she be close enough to make out mezmure voice . janice will you please , please , please , please stop tell I this be just a crush ? flap' murmure voice {a little chuckle ) Janice , the whole fun in get mix up with somebody unavailable and a little older be that sometimes you get to hear what 's really go on . janice ( amused ) that 's wonderful , flap , you be such a ... emma lean forward from a few foot away and shout in 156 a wild rush . emma ... ineredible asshole . she turn away . he react . ( continued ) 156 157 158 159 160 97 . continued : 156 flap ( to Janice ) Excuse I . on fla ? 157 as he turn and begin to run after he outrage wife and we see for the first time that he have they beautiful baby in a pouch over he chest . the baby be make it enormously difficult for flap to catch up with emma because he have to keep he hand on melanie to keep she from bounce around too much . though net long -- this be we chase scene . flap ( call ) Emma -- Emma . goddamn it , you be go to ruin we . on emma 158 fleeing but listen . flap ( more call ) you be a spectacle , Emma . on flap and melanie 159 flap , a bit over the edge with guilt , shame and fear . melanie have the best time she have ever have in she life . on emma 160 as she round a corner , breathe hard , she sneak a Little look back at she husband and child . she slow , look again , stop and face flap . emma stop jiggling she . she 's go to throw up ! flap slow to a walk , catch he breath . emma walk quickly and ignore flap while check out the baby strapped to he body . flap you timing be great . you catch we before we do anything . emma look at he briefly and contemptuously . he have insulted she intelligence . ( continued ) 160 ~~ 162 ~~ 162 o~ 98 . continued : 160 emma give I the baby ! she start yanking at the pouch strap . : emma ( @ifficulty with strap ) I be take the car . I be take the kid ané goinc to Houston . flap you do not know if I do anything . emma I know what you do and why . you do it to forget you be a failure . flap that 's you mother talk . emma , overwrought , now hold melanie in both hand and 161 gesture with the infant as if it be she hand . emma ( point baby at hersel ' ) that 's I talk ! flap you do not know what I do with she . ( slyly ) I do not know what you do when you be out on you afternoon drive . emma roll she eye as if have hear the most preposterous sentence she have ever suffer . emma ( almost friendly ) you be lucky I be go off . I would sure make you life heli if I stay around right now . with that she walk off and flap wisely let she go . ext . smith county , kansas - day 162 emma drive , the baby in a car seat , the boy in back wear seat belt , and the junk attendant to travel with three kid scattered about they . =mma be wear she old , fade " U. of T. " tee-shirt . emma that 's the middle of the country . ( continued ) 162 164 165 166 a a 99 . continued : 162 the boy turn to look . so , by coincidence , do the baby . ext . highway - day 163 the car move along . int , car - night 164 junk food wrapper abound . teddy ( to Tommy ) hey , look . be not that great ? he Pov 165 a illuminate sign -- " welcome to TEXAS " . with some billboard and motel and blackness beyond . teddy ( impressed ) sc that 's what it look like . int . aurora' house - early evening 166 rosie peer out the window . rosie ( low ) I think this be they . aurora you say that every two second . rosie dash out the side door . emma begin beep 167 ' the horn . garrett be door open . by the time she come into the driveway rosie be right alongside the car look at melanie . rosie well , talk about you beautiful . on aurora 168 pause in the driveway separate she house from garrett be . aurora be flushed , excited , try to contain it . aurora - come see Emma and she child . garrett no . you do not need a outsider richt now . ( continued ) 168 ~~ 169 oo ~~ 170 continued : emma be cut of the car several foot away . aurora you be not a outsider . garrett I will see they later . emma ( call ) aurora ( tear ) just a second . this be garrett -- you remember . emma ( call ) oh , sure . ( try to help she it 's very good to see ycu , garrett wave . he would like not to you mother 's be look to this . hi. garrett ( uncomfortably ) ( to aurora ) go ahead . aurora anything wrong ? no. garrett aurora I will be over later . tired anyway and want to get to sleep early . 100 . I will be right there . mother 's cause ) very good . be here . they be probably {suagestively ) and I would like to get to bed early . teddy ( call ) grandma ! grandma ! grandma ! aurora shush teddy while maintain a tisht smile . she sense garrett be discomfort but this be no time to deal with it . {continued ) 168 169 170 to . '' 170 '' continued : 170 aurora {to garrett ) see you later . she start towards she family . rosie be just finish she first round of emotional embrace . she be on teddy and in the process of make a discovery which delight she and she announce to the world . rosie this one like to squeeze . aurora go to tommy . she kiss he and teddy and they have a none-too- geod embrace . aurora where 's the baby ? emma ( ironically ) hello . aurora ( hugging half -heartedly ) well , I talk to you every day . 171 . emma take she mother over to the passenger 's side of i171 the station wacon where melanie be still strapped in she car-seat . emma she love the drive . teddy ( proudly ) she do not cry once . they open the door , aurora feast she eye . emma reach for she . aurora you have you hand full . I will take she . as aurora lift the gorgeous infant . emma I keep think she look a littie like you . aurora a little ? it 's like look in the mirror . 102 . 172 int . emma's old bedroom - nigat 172 where a rollaway have be add to emma's old bed . tommy and teddy be in bed , aurora and emma alternate tucking and kissing . they turn the light out and then stand together frame in the doorway say they goodnight . 173 int . aurcra's bedroom - niget 173 the two woman in flannel nightgown share the window seat have milk and cookie . emma Yau know , you just look wonderful . aurora ( sincerely ) you look . terrible . no one want _a girl whe look wash out and tired all @ time . well , Sam likeseme the way I be and flap do not notice , so it really do not matter . xn aurora * it 's just you pattern that you finally take this small step away from flap and it 's towards . this unavailable , marry , colder , iowan . emma how 's it with you and the astronaut ? aurora he have a name . aurora no , I tell you it 's so strange to find out relatively , relatively late in life that sex be ... emma wait anxiously . her mother look at she a beat -- then a somber flash of confession . aurora ( continue ) Emma , I be moth to flame . this affair be just go to kill I . ( continued ) 103 . 173 continued : 173 emma ( touch ) maybe not . why do you think that ? aurora ( tear show ; she voice break ) I do not know I would start to need he . emma move to embrace she mother and in hugging jiuggle the milk she be hold . it spill on they . the tender communion end with aurora return to she role . aurora honestly , emma. ( look at nightgown ) . I just get this . you be too old to be this clumsy . 174 ext . patsy house - back yard - day : 174 top River oak stuff this house . the back yard be lush and deep . it have a swim pool with a 12 ~ - foot slide and decking and a rather substantial tree house . patsy , some seven year older than when we last see she , be sit next to emma in a cushy chaise lounge , hold and marvel over melanie while , in the back - ground , tommy and teddy be have a terrific time swim with patsy be daughter , meg , who be just between the two boy in size and age . tommy be notably more animated and joyous than we have see he . patsy be still a knockout , though no longer a natural one . emma watch with pleasure as she blonde friend cudéle she blonde daughter . emma you look more like she mother : than I do . 175 meg run up to patsy , shiver from swim . emma 175 grab a towel for she . meg ( to patsy ) mommy , can we have lunch ? patsy yes. ( ealling to boy ) what do you want to eat ? tommy anything I want ? ( continued ) 175 104 . continued : 175 patsy ( call ) sure . : tommy | ( quickly ) gumbo ? emma I always promise to make it for they but you just can not get the fish back home . as the two woman continue towards the house , patsy carry melanie . emma do you miss Los Angeles ? be it great to be there ? int . patsy kitchen 175 melanie play on the floor , patsy slice fresh shrimp . patsy it be interesting dating Jews after the divorce . they be so different . emma be nibbline as she help prepare the gumbo ingredient . emma I have not notice that . patsy in Los Angeles they be so anxious to make you feel as if they under - stand you secret thought better than anybody . damned if they do not sometimes . emma that do sound good . I do that with Sam and he get such a kick out of it . the phone ring , patsy answer it . patsy ( into phone ) hello ? oh , hi , flap . I be fine . ( more ) ( continued ) 176 continued : she hand 105 . 176 patsy ( cont 'd ) God , it 's be so long . oh , I guess I look older like ail of we . yes , I have a whole new daughter and husband you have not meet . ( she laugh and then glance at Emma change she laugh to a look of disapproval over what flap have say ) you sound the same and I be not sure that 's such a good thing . yes , she 's right here . oh , she have not . we have other thing to talk about besides you . the phone tc emma . emma ( coldly into phone ) hello . pine . they be fine . she 's fine . I have tell everybody in Houston that you be terrible and nobody want to see you again . oh , do not worry . I be half -kidd . what 's up ? feeling contrite ? emma be expression darken . she be shake . she wipe emma I can not believe you do that to we . some sudden tear from she eye . patsy move closer , question . she hang emma ocontinue ) I think you be spiteful , flap , and I do not know when in hell that happen to you . Goodbye . up . emma he accept the job in kearney , nebraska . so we have to go on back and move by next week . patsy I dgo not know why you do not leave he . emma ( gather she thought ) . I neither . honestly ! 106 . 177 ext . aurora' house - night 177 — the station wagon pack , the kid say they last goodby solemnly enter the car . rosie hand they package of food for the trip . emma and aurora kiss on the cheek , rosie hug emma . . rosie raising kid in nebraska , my God . emma get in , tear in she eye , drive away . rosie stand there with aurora . rosie I think flap be just dumb but he might be a son-of - a-bitch . aurora sigh . rosie follow she gaze to the house next door . - rosie ( with disapproval ) see you tomorrow . she start off towards she bus stop . aurora wait a beat then take off she shoe and head across the iawn to she house . 178 garrett come out of the house . he be subdued , 178 ill - at -ease . garrett aurora ? aurora well , hello , stranger . have it only be two day ? garrett can we go someplace and talk ? aurora my garden . they stroll back towards the garden -- aurcra feel that " choke feel " - =she keep look , wait for he to notice that she 's anxious and lighten the mood . when she do catch he eye , he break eff the contact . 179 garden area 179 garrett you probably know what I be go to say . ( continued ) 107 . 179 continued : 179 — aurora maybe not . I hope not . garrett you be some kind of woman , but I be the wrong kind of man and it do not look like my shot at be the right kind be as good as I be hope . aurora be you intentionally sounding like a idiot to make this easier for I ? garrett well ... . several beat , she look at he , he shift embarrassed . some code insist that he can not leave until she dismiss he . aurora ( continue low ) you do not even know that you be go to miss I . garrett look , I do not want to blow smoke up you ass . aurora what a relief . garrett it 's just that I be start to feel a obligation here that make it rouch , especially when I live right next door . I start to feel like I have to watch what I be do in my own house . I hope you know that my feeling for you be ... she look at he hard -- he break off . garrett ( continue ) you really do not like I . aurora I just wish you would go take a fly screw for yourself . ( continued ) 179 180 181 182 108 . continued : ( 2 ) 179 garrett ( utter sincerity ) I be go to miss you . I do feel bad . : aurora . you be lucky . I feel humiliate . she be nakedly pain and angry as she look at he . it 's unsettle and there be a trace of real anguish in garrett as he awkwardly exit . we hold on aurora for a beat then : -ext . emma's house - des moine 180 as she car pull up , the kid run to see they father . flap emerge from inside and embrace the boy , move over to greet melanie , all the while avoid contact with emma . flap {conciliatory to Emma ) I have be pack for we all week . flap kiss melanie who react with delight . emma she sure remember she daddy . flap you go to stay mad ? emma ( ironically ) yes , I think be uproote with my child without my consent be at least worth a pout . she walk towards the house , load down . flap it 's the head of the department . omit scene 181 ext . parking lot - coffee shop - night 182 the set for they first nervous meeting . we see emma's car arrive at the spot next to SAM be car , the area illuminate by the coffee shop and adjacent store . SAM get out of the car . de look at emma sit behind the wheel . she 's a little jumpy about ( continued ) 182 183 109 . continued : 182 , get start because there 's last minute pack to do . he walk over to the car , lean in . emma do not cry , Sam . SAM burn ( muffle ) I be sorry , honey . just give I a second . she dig into she purse and hand he some kleenex which he use with he back to she . SAM burn ( continue ) do not know what I will do . emma oh , my . SAM I buy a go away thing for you ane I forget to bring it . dottie 's right . I be a bear bumbler . emma oh , you be not . SAM burn can I have a picture of you ? wiping away some tear , she go through the junk of she glove compartment hurriedly , open she wallet . and remove a picture . '' emma this be all I have -- flap 's in it . , SAM burn I do not mind . she hand it to he , drive away . ext . moving shot - nebraska 183 the horton family , overload u- haul behind they overload station wagon go through nebraska . we see they stop for gas at a fill station and hear the play~ by - play of the University of nebraska football game . ' then from every roadside inn they pass , fast food ( continued ) 110 . 183 continued : 183 restaurant they stop at , roadside home , other auto -- from every place where people gather , eat at or reside in on a Saturday afternoon in the fall , we continue to hear the radio commentary of the " Big Red " football team . after several cut show the cksession of the state with its football team . 184 ext . kearney state college - day 184 a campus which would consider " functional " a compliment . emma be walk with melanie , now age two , toddle alongside wear she best dress . they turn into ene of the older building , the English department . 185 int . english department = day 185 a perfect older , white - haire elderly secretary be seat behind a desk . she be genuinely delighted to see the new arrival . elderly secretary good morning , Emma . hi , baby . melanie hi , Evelyn . emma she want she daddy to see she dress up for the doctor . elderly secretary Fe should be here any minute . the door open and a familiar look woman enter . woman will you please tell Mr. Horton ... but now emma have turn and see she . the woman react quickly . woman ( continue ) never mind . she exit . but emma break after she , melanie follow as best she can . 186 int . long hallway - day 186 it be heavily trafficked with student and faculty . ( continued ) 186 iil . continued : 186 ~- emma ( call ) do not make I run after you . the young woman turn , the same young woman emma catch flap with in Des Moines , janice . emma look at she , now certain who she be . emma how long have you be here or be you the reason we move to nebraska ? janice I think flap should talk to you . I have be tell he sc . I should not say anything before he do , except that I do not think there 's a emotion you be have that I could not validate . emma well , if he want to talk , just tell he he wife and he baby will be at the doctor 's get they flu shot . int . dr . budge's office - day 187 dr . budge be a overweight version of a norman rockwell g.p . he have just finish give melanie she shot and she be ery and screamin . emma come on , Melanie . it 's all over . if it make you feel better , I have to get a shot now myself . melanie calm and smile . the doctor swab she arm and then begin move it , look underneath . emma indicate a box of lollypop . emma ( to doctor ) can I give Melanie one of this ? the dector nod and continue to examine she . then stop , he attention focus on she arm . emma lean to give the lollypop to melanie . ( continued ) il2 . 187 continued : 187 emma if my husband call , they will let we know , will not they ? dr . budge you have a lump in you armpit . how long have it be there ? emma I do not know . Melanie , stop kick that cabinet . melanie give the metal file cabinet one more little kick , then stop . dr . budge there be two of they , not very big though . I have to be out of town for a week and I hate to leave they that long because they be go to have to come out and be look at . emma goodness . do I have to be scared ? dr . budge all it mean if you be scared be that you will be that much happier when it turn out to be nothing . emma nod , manage a smile . she take melanie by the hand . melanie mommy should get a pop too . for she shot . emma that 's richt . the doctor hand she one . she unwrap it and put it in she mouth . 188 int . aurora' kitchen - night 188 aurora sit at the table alone , the light on . aurora ( into phone ) I know what it be . you do not keep yoursel£ up so you sweat gland have stop up . it 's a cyst . i113 . 189 int . phone booth - night 189 emma in the booth with melanie . emma he say he could almost do the operation in he office but I will go in overnight . aurora do they have good hospital in nebraska ? emma sure . so I should not worry , right ? aurora it 's a cyst -- it 's right where you oil gland be and they have stop up because you have never learn what to eat or how to wash . emma okay , thanks . oh , say hi to Melanie . she hand melanie the phone . 190 int . flap and emma's bedroom - night 190 flap stand there take in the news . emma what 's she name ? flap Janice . what do the doctor say ? emma I tell you . the scariest thing be that he want to do it so fast . Janice -- straight hair . ( imitate Janice ) '' I can not say anything until he do . " I be go to get myself one of patsy 's Jews if you do not watch out . flap but that thing he say about feel good when it turn out to be nothing . I think that 's a good indication , do not you ? emma ( scolding ) I be not go to make you feel better , flap . I be just too mad . 191 192 193 194 ext . aurora' back yard - day vernon sit outside , fidget . int . aurora' house - day 114 . aurora look out at he . she have just finish dial the phone . . aurora bello , flap . have you hear anything ? int . emma's kitchen - day flap cooking hamburger for the kid , shelter the phone so he have privacy . - flap no . then Emma have not call you either ? aurora no . how be the child ? flap I wish I be so carefree . aurora yes , well , they have nothing to feel ashamed about . flap you always seem to lose you manners around I , aurora . aurora oh , stop . let I know if you hear . she hancs up . ext . aurora' house - day as she walk out to the garden . and find garrett and she stand vernon talk over the back fence . for a moment then decide to walk over to they . aurora do you two know each other ? vernon . we be just see to that . ( continued ) freeze 191 192 193 194 115 . 194 continued : 194 - garrett Vernon be just tell I that Emma 's in the hospital for test . what kind of test ? aurora ( ignore he ) vernon , why do not we go inside ? vernon lean forward to give she some sotto advice , pull at she arm some to get she ear down to he range . vernon I think you would feel better if you talk to nim about it . aurora ( to garrett ) they be take a biopsy . garrett grimace broadly as if just suffer a incredibly sharp stomach pain . aurora what 's wrong with you ? garrett sorry . 's nothing . I be squeamish about word like " biopsy " . it 's just a thing with I . go ahead . I be sorry . but he expression remain enormously strain . vernon look at he with distaste . vernon let 's go inside . he start to escort she away , then turn to garrett . vernon I do not know why you would feel squeamish about anything . do not you fella have to piss and dump down a tube in you leg ? aurora laugh , pat vernon on the back . he grin broadly and modestly . aurora look at garrett with challenge . but garrett , damn he , endure justified ridicule with some grace . ( continued ) 194 195 196 197 198 116 . continued : ( 2 ) 194 garrett I be sorry you be go through this , aurora . she nod and start back towards the house . int . hospital room - nebraska - night 195 emma lie there , play with she hair , look at the walton . dr . budge enter . he sit on the bed . for the merest beat emma avoid deal with he , then look he way . dr . budge dear , you have a malignancy . we hold several beat to study emma's reaction . int . aurora' kitchen - day 196 aurora hang up the phone . rosie be busy nearby . aurora ( to rosie ) we girl 's in trouble . she have a sort of cyst that turn out to be malignant . she have to go to a hospital in lincoln . the two woman embrace . rosie do with ease something she have never do befcre . she kiss aurora on the cheek . roste you be not leave I here . some - body 's get to take care of that kid of hers . ext . william jenning bryan hospital - lincoln 197 shot establish perhaps the only hospital in the country with a presidential loser bury on the premise . int . doctor' office at hospital - day 198 patsy sit alongside aurora . patsy be wear a fur coat and lock dazzle . this be a new doctor , dr . maise . he be too calm . he also can not seem to eontrol he eye from click over to patsy occasionally . aurora not miss this aspect of the interview . {continued ) 117 . 198 continued : 198 dr . maise we will release she in a few day . we do more and more on a cut patient basis . we will not need to take she back here at all unless the illness escalate . aurora but you be not tell I anything . dr . maise I think I be . I be try to . what be you confuse about ? . aurora how be she ? dr . maise I always tell people to hope for the best and prepare for the worst . aurora ( dumb found ) and they let you get away with that ? dr . maise ( deal with she ) look , this be a serious condition . the chance of a response be uece to be about one in three . that 's net as good as we would like , but if you do get a response , it could be quite meaningful . 199 int . hospital corridor - day : 199 maise , aurora and patsy walk aionc . dr . maise ( to patsy ) . be you go to stay in nebraska long ? patsy I do not think so . dr . maise ( dare a witticism ) it 's too bad . I be think of march you through the ward to give some of we male patient the will to live . ( continued ) 199 200 118. continued : 199 '' he snicker at this but not until aurora wheel and stare at he . aurora I keep on tell mysel * you personality have nothing to do with you ability . that be true , be not it ? dr . maise I be sorry . it might have be a bad joke but you be wrong to take the attitude that everything be so desperate and serious now and it 's mot go to do you daughter any good to get that signal . patsy I think he 's right -- aurora . aurora ( give in ) well , we be not with Emma right now . patsy but when we be ? aurora of course . they enter she room . int . emma's hospital room - day 200 she 's read the kid 's letter and enjoy hersei ' . aurora and patsy enter with broadly fix smile on they face . emma what 's wrong now ? patsy and aurora smile with some sincerity at they ransparency . aurora ( sit on the bed ) I just get so frustrated with the @octor . but it all boil down to you be get out of here tomorrow and you will not have to stay here again . emma unless it spread more . but I tell you I do not feel sick . ( continued ) 119 . 200 continued : 200 patsy I think you can tell more about you condition yoursel£ than they can . hey , I want you to come to New York for a visit . my treat . emma well , we will see . you have to read the kida ' letter . teddy say he can not sleep but Melanie can . Tommy say he do not think there 's any ~ thing to be '' really concerned about " . patsy I mean it . you have some time before you have to see the doctor again . spend a few day in New York . - aurora I do not think it 's a bad idea for you to have a vacation by yourself . with rosie and I here , you might as well take advantage of the freedom . emma I be not like one of that kid they take to see disneyland before the end , be I ? aurora oh , stop it ? 202 ext . 59 th STREET bridge - nigat 201 a lovely evening . 202 int . limousine ~ night 202 patsy in the back seat with emma , who look strange in this set . patsy look , Emma . 203 there Pov 203 New York City light up . 204 on emma , 204 delighted . emma I can not believe I be here . 205 206 120 . int . river cafe - day 205 patsy and emma and three other woman in they late 20' or early 30' be be seat at a large round table . the East River traffic just a few foot away , the Brooklyn Bridge overhead , the city beyond , a piano player at work on the atmosphere . there be not a welsh coal miner who would not instantly guess which of the five woman be the rube . emma be out of she element , but there be enough inner security to make she only vaguely uncomfortable in the midst of this well - groom , seemingly - sure -of - themselves contemporary . patsy ( make introduction ) Emma , this be lizbeth . hi , Elizabeth . lizbeth hi. it 's lizbeth . emma , be not that what I say ? lizbeth you say Elizabeth with a " E " . it 's lizbeth . emma two name -~ Liz Beth ? lizbeth no , one name -- lizbeth . it do not matter . patsy and this be Jane . emma thank heaven . she get a nice littie laugh . patsy and this be victcria . moving shot t 206 follow waiter to the table some 60 minute later . he lay down coffee for all but emma whe have also order a incredibly gooey dessert . there be a good deal of intelligent , though nonetheless chirpy , chatter . ( continued ) 206 121 . continued : 206 the woman be just finish examine two photegraph -- emma's of she kid and lizbeth be of hers . emma : ( to lizbeth ) - I love the uniform they school give they . lizbeth well , yours be wonderful . they make I feel like I be go through one of that old Saturday even post -- the little girl 's ineredible . patsy and do not think she do not know it . emma patsy and she ... have a real thing ... ( think then ) well , with the boy too . patsy nod calmly . victoria ( to Emma ) you go to wait till she 's in school before you go back to work ? emma I have never really work . a half - beat cof silent , shocked reaction . jane ( firmly and democratically ) well , that 's okay . emma thanks . emma start to eat she dessert and then feel all eve on she . she stop a spoonful of the stuff and see she diet - conscious table mate look on ravenously . emma anybody want some ? they all say '' no '' . 207 208 122. ext . river cafe parking lot - day ~ long shot 207 breezy , right on the water . patsy talk to she three New York friend as they wait for taxi . the mood seem different . two of the woman genuinely aghast , and then the conversation stop abruptly with the exclamation , " oh , that poor thing " hang in the air . on emma 208 's she approach the taxi uncertain with the three of . they stare at she . emma what 's wrong ? lizbeth nothing . a cab approach . suddenly , the woman be press toc hard to seem natural . victoria ( shaking hand ) it be a great honor meeting you , Emma . I hope you have a wonderful time here . jane I think that beautiful child be lucky to have you for a mommy . patsy go ahead . you girl take the first one . we be not in a hurry . lizbeth ( eo Emma ) you sure ? emma nod , a bit down . patsy be embarrassed . they cab pull away . emma you just tell they , huh ? patsy ( nod ) you do not mind , do you ? emma no , of course not . 209 she walk to the water 's edge . emma start to cry . 209 this young Texas woman , this midlander , stand on a alien coast simack in front of one of the world 's sophisticated city , feel sorry for herself for the first time . - she walk patsy emma. , please , no ... why ? quickly after emma . emma oh , it 's not you , patsy . I like people know . I mean why not ? but , oh , I be get tired all the time and sometimes I get pain in different place ... ( now agitate ) and why do you husband and that woman have to walk on egg like that when they know ? emma be get mad . emma can you just tell they it 's okay to talk about cancer ? I mean it 's not so terrible . in less than two hour they be say how two of they have have abortion and three of they have be divorceaé and how one of they have not speak to she mother in four year and how one of they have she '' little Natalie '' at board school because she have to travel for she job -- well , hell , patsy --hell !! if that 's okay to talk about ... ( suddenly remember ) oh , and there be the one with the yeast disease that be afraid it be vacinal herpes at first ... if all that 's fit conversation for lunch and everyone be still think to be perfectly all right , then what be so God awful unspeakable about my little tumor ? patsy sure , of course . what do you want I to do ? emma . well , tell they it 's not so tragic . pecple do get better . tell they it 's oxay to talk about the cancer . 210 int . patsy live room - night 220 a few couple , well dress but casually seat around patsy be live room . meg , patsy be daughter , kissing she mother and father good night . patsy be husband , jack , be a good look , well - connect , young partner at Solomon Brothers . they be drink and eat little chili canape that patsy be make . one of the woman fill a silence . woman ( brightly and conversationally ) patsy tell we you have cancer . patsy laugh so suddenly she spit out she little chili dog . it virtually fly across the room . emma break up laugh with she . woman we should really talk later . I be a nutritionist and my husband 's with ticketron . emma nod and exit to terrace . ext . patsy terrace - night 2il a attractive , 5 '5 " , intense man , phil , who 's often tell he look like Rick dreyfuss , be stand close to she smoking a joint . phil want a hit -- maybe to help with the nausea ? emma no . I think that 's only if you be have chemotherapy . phil be you feel anything tonight ? emma sick , you mean ? phil no. between we . emma not really . but I like that you sit forward in you chair like you be very interested in what people be say but it 's really so you foot will touch the floor . it 's sweet . ( continued ) 125 . 211 continued : 211 phil I would not be bring up the cancer but patsy say it be okav . emma it be okay . phil I work for she husband . my older brother have cancer and now he 's fine . emma what kind do he have ? phil skin cancer . before she can say anything . phil ( continue defensively ) I know . that 's the best kind . {a beat ) I would really like to take you out sometime . emma I be sorry . I have to go back very scon and patsy have a lot plan -- Broadway show and thing -- and I be marry and have three kid -- and there be the cancer . phil yeah , I figure it be a long shot . they stand for a beat . emma Excuse I . she walk in . patsy be stand with she husband . patsy you do not feel like meetine somebody right now who have a mastectomy , do you ? emma . ( polite ) maybe in a bit . 126 . 212 int . meg' room - night 212 meg , patsy be daughter , be sit up in bed read . emma walk in . emma how you do ? meg Fine . emma pick up the phone and begin to dial . meg will you tell Tommy I say hi ? emma . I will do better than that . I will tell he you have a crush on hin . meg aunt Emma , you would not . emma laugh , then hang up the phone , think for a beat , then : emma mec ? meg uh-huh ? emma from you point of view , have live in three or four place , how be it be in New York ? meg well , I think it 's my favorite because no matter what you be fond of , they have it . emma not if you like nature . meg yes . because we '' ave a house in East hampton that 's right on the ocean and have wood out behind . emma and you have fun here as a kid and all ? ( continued ) 212 215 continued : meg oh , yes . emma take this in and dial . . emma ( inte phone ) hi , Mom ... ( listen ) well , you know how Tommy be . 127 . look , they be have this party for I so I can not talk long but I be think of come back a couple of day early . ext . shot - bryant hospital - lincoln int . hospital room - day emma and she mother enter carry a little suitcase contain personal toiletry , a radio , etc . a few year young than emma be in one of the room 's two bed . even in bed , with the cover up , she seem a bit too big and gawky . her name be melba . melba hi. emma hi. aurora nod . melba ( to Emma ) you go to be in here ? - emma uh-huh . my name 's Emma . melba I be melba lanke . my husband , be the high school basketball dr . maise walk in . he nod to aurora , the curtain separate emma's area from dr . maise Excuse we a moment . on melba' area aurora and emma now shut off from view . Dick , coach . then draw melba 's. ( continued ) a woman 212 - .213 214 215 2i5 continued : 128. 215 dr . maise melba , there be certain option you have to consider on the kind of treatment we will be follow . we need to decide whether to operate . melba what do you think , Dr. maise ? dr . maise well , the problem be that if we do not operate , the chance be one in four of achieve a cure . but if we operate , the chance of a cure become one in two . melba ( hearten ) oh. dr . maise but the chance of survivine the operaticn be two in three . melba oh . so if we just keep on doinc what we be do , my chance be one in three . dr . maise ( correct ) one in four . melba one in four -- sorry . dr . maise that 's okay . melba what 's one in three ? dr . maise there be no one in three . the chance of survive the operation be two in three . melba ( try ) one in three if we do not do any ... dr . maise ( patiently correct ) one in four . ( continued ) 215 217 129 . continued : ( 2 ) 215 melba why do I keep get that wrong ? one in four if we do not do anything ... dr . maise right . melba ( encourage ) two of three if I have the operation ... dr . maise ( coach ) but ... melba {she know this one ) '' the chance of survive the cperation be one in two . dr . maise that 's right . melba laugh a bit flushed with she success at have get it down . dr . maise open the curtain separate the two area . emma and aurora agape . melba look over at they as soon as the doctor exit . melba I should have write it down . ext . holiday inn - lincoln , nebraska - night 216 as a cab leave aurora off at she hotel . the sion contain a provocative message : '' Home of the pleasure dome . " int . holiday inn + niget . 217 as aurora walk past the reception desk where first by din and then by actual sight we see : int . pleasure dome - night ' 218 a monument to a certain type taste . it have a giant indoor area with a sweat indoor pool , some matte and tear artificial turf serve as a miniature golf course , ping - pong table , shuffleboard and score of pinball machine , all of it cover by a plastic top create a eerie translucence . most of the room at this holiday Inn have balcony face out on the pleasure dome . so it be a weary aurora we see climb up to the balcony and open the door to one of this room . ( continued ) 219 220 222 222 130 . int . aurora' HOTEL room - night 219 she close the door but still there be the chorus of pinball bell which can not be shut out . she sit on the bed . int . emma's hospital room - day 220 aurora , dress colorfully , be supervise the two man hancing aurora' renoir and klee . she also squeeze she armpit periodically . emma be in bed . she be genuinely cheer by the addition . emma ( leok at painting ) I can not believe you do this . aurora sure. ( to man ) be careful . that painting be worth more than you will make in you lifetime . the man turn and react . emma ( sotto ) you treat they like that , they be go to start pissing in my soup to get even . int . holiday inn coffee shop ~ night 221 aurora eat a desultory meal with vernon . there be so little to say . he be concerned for she . she catch he look at she at one point as she unconscicusly squeeze she armpit . she stop anc pat he hand in reassurance . int . hospital hallway - night 222 aurora at the nurse 's station . there be a large clock rominent in the background which read seven minute past eight . aurora be extraordinarily agitate , hyper , manic . aurora it 's after eight . give she the pain shot . nurse Mrs. greenway , I be go to . ( continued ) 222 223 131 . continued : 222 aurora then go ahead . it 's after eight . nurse just a few minute . aurora why should she have to have the pain right now ? it 's time for she shot . nurse you act like ... aurora she only have to hold out till eight . give she the shot . nurse you attitude be not ... aurora we will talk later . give she the shot . nurse if you be go to behave like ... aurcra ( scream ) give she the shot . the nurse look wide - eye . aurora too do not anticipate she outburst . the nurse scurries towards emma's room . int . emma's room - day 223 emma lie in bed , the doctor sit at she bedside . emma look intelligent and relaxed despite the doctor 's word . his manner be not the least bit emotional . a professional rendering fact . dr . maise the response to the drug we have try be not what we would hope . but there be investigatory drug which we be willing to utilize . however , if you become incapacitate or it become unreasonable for you to handle you affair for a block of time , it might be wise to make some decision now so that you area of responsibility do not become notably disorder . ( more ) ( continued ) 223 224 225 226 227 continued : dr . maise ( cont 'd ) ( he look at she for half a beat ) any question ? emma no. she look off , lose in the fact that she will not survive she illness . the doctor hesitates , not sure she 's get the message . she sense this . emma ( continue ) I know what you be say . I have get to decide what to do with the kid . int . restaurant - holiday inn - lincoln - night int . holiday inn - lobby follow aurora into the pleasure dome . int . pleasure dome + night she stand watch tommy and teddy swim in the indoor pool . they be have a fine time . teddy hop out and , gicgle , pretend he 's go to push auropa in . tommy call to he brother from the pool . tommy push grandma in be not a half bad idea . aurora ( to Tommy ) you would better not . I be not kid . push you father in if you want . tommy get out of the pool and advance ominously on aurora . she fix he with a look , but just then there be a call from the balcony surround the pleasure dom voice aurora . aurora look up . her Pov there , near the pinball machine , a flight bag beside he , be garrett . 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 232 133 . on aurora 228 she walk towards the stairway , garrett down the stair . they embrace . . aurora and garrett 229 ghe be try very hard and with noteworthy success not to cry . aurora well , whoever expect you to be a nice guy ? they embrace . cther angle 230 show vernon watch they , suffer , at the very least , enormous discomfort , since patsy and rosie be look at he and actually verbalize they feeling as they say softly and almost in unison . rosie , patsy awww . he look around and walk off in the opposite direction . rosie make a simple statement of fact to patsy . roste I have a real shot at he now . int . hospital corridor ~ day 231 as aurora and garrett walk . on garrett . get the willy in the hospital . aurora you can wait in that little reception room . she say she really love that you come and the way you do it . int . reception room - day 232 as garrett light up , visibly more relaxed and sit down next to a older work man wear a sport jacket over he house painting tog . garrett how you do ? ( continued ) 232 233 134 . continued : 232 man Fine . they just open up my wife 's neck . garrett blanch . aurora enter the background but stands silently watch . she be amused . man it turn out to be a big tumor -- the size of a crenshaw melon but benign . garrett ( woozy ) well , great . int . emma's hospital room - day 233 rosie and melanie visit . emma be caress melanie be long , thick , blonde hair . rosie , awkward , out of she element , and still try to postpone fully deal with emma's condition . emma God , how I miss wash this mane of hers . wherever do she get it from ? rosie {downcast ) oh , you and you thing about hair . ( brighten ) the other day Melanie be ask about where she come from and I tell she to ask she momma . melanie I know . emma who tell you ? melanie I come from in there . she point to emma's stomach . emma teddy tell you , the blabbermouth . rosie cet up and walk towards the exit . as she do so she hear emma say to melanie . emma you love you aunt patsy ? melanie . yes. 234 235 236 135 . int . hospital corridor = day 234 as rosie step into the corridor . she stand for a moment , then bear emma and melanie sing a song together and begin to cry . int . lincoln airport - day 235 where aurora see garrett off . they embrace and as part of the embrace , he grab a good handful of she rear end . . . garrett take care of yourself . I will cali you . I be glad I see Emma . aurora I be sure you be there mean a lot to h... ( catch herself , then directly ) it mean a lot to I . ( now briskly ) I be at the hospital all the time or I will call you . no , then if you be with someone , you will have that funny sound in you voice . oh , I do not care . who care ? thanks for come . I love you . they hug again hold each other 's rear . aurora start away from he , stop . 236 aurora ( call ) garrett . he stop , she walk to he . aurora I can not help be curious . do you have any reaction to my tell you that I love you ? garrett it be just inch from a clean getaway . aurora well , you be stick now so you might as well face up . you be old enough to tell and I be old enough to hear you reaction to my say " I love you " . ( he hesitates ) tell I . really . ( continued ) 136 . 236 continued : 236 garrett ( distress , then honestly ) all I can think of be my stock answer . aurora which be ? garrett ( with style ) I love you too , kid . aurora nenjoy he ) why be it the most fun you have be always at my expense ? he heft he flight bag , grin , muss she gray hair a bit and exit . 237 int . long dissolve to : emma's hospital room = day 237 aurora and emma each in they own thought . a trace of a smile on aurora be face . now aurora look at she daughter . aurora why be you always look out the window ? be it to avoid I ? emma oh , everything be not always about you . I have a lot to figure out . aurora let 's not fight so much . emma ( honestly ) what do you mean ? when do we fight ? aurora you amaze I . I think of we as always fight . emma no , that 's just from you end , because you be never satisfied with I . aurora look at she . emma go back to mull . 137 . 238 int . hospital cafeteria ~ day 238 aurora go through the line , look with extraordinary distaste as people in front of she have food plopped into they plate , wet glop cover with thick syrup . she address the black woman behind the counter . . aurora you do not put any gravy on the cottage cheese , do you ? woman you crazy ? aurora I will have some cottage cheese and some whole wheat toast . woman - you want gravy on the toast ? aurora no , thank you . the woman hand she the food . aurora walk with she tray . she see patsy with the three kid just finish a meal . patsy look tan ané gorgeous . they be all wear ski clothes . they greet each other . tommy , a perfunctory huc ; teddy , a squeeze ; melanie , utterly kissable . tommy put down a different water glass in front of aurora . tommy can we go back to the shop ? patsy nod . patsy would not you know ? I take they away ski and the most excited they get be when they find this novelty section in the gift shop . De you think they should see they mother today ? aurora I would wait . patsy I tell Emma I think melwnie should -' be with I , and the boy too if she want . she do not want to discuss it until she would have a chance to go over it with poor flap . aurora I be go to raise the child . 238 240 242 242 243 138 . continued : 238 patsy we will see , I do not want to do anything behind you back . that 's why I want you to know I have speak with Emma . aurora just look at she . it be not a friendly lock . patsy it 's silly for we to dislike each other now , be not it ? aurora maybe not . patsy well , I be not mad at you . she exit . other angle 240 teddy and tommy spying on aurora be table from afar . on caseier' desk 242 flap , a huge tray of food and two bock under he arm , be just about to set himself dew n'at a empty table for respite . he sit , prop up the book , savore 15 minute of ease and peace but now he icok up . flap' Pov 242 his mother - in-law . she be look at he . on flap 243 as reluctantly and dutifully he fold he book , heft he tray and walk to aurora be table . flap be wear the distinctive tie emma buy for he with aurora be money year ago . flap hello . aurora hello . plap do you see she yet today ? aurora I be with she most of last night and today -- as usual . ( continued ) 139 . 243 continued : 243 flap well ? aurora : she want to die~ - and sometimes I - do too . aurora sip some water ; it dribble down she chin . flap I have not talk to the kid yet . I be not sure how much they realize . they know something bad be happen . aurora patsy want to raise Melanie and maybe the boy . do not you think they should be with I ? flap what can you be think ? i'1l1 raise they . they be mine . aurora do not expect this . she sip she water . rt dribble down she chin . absently , she wipe the water away . aurora you do not have the resource , flap you can not make a argument out of this . she be grow angry and try not to . she sip some water ; it rung down she chin . the problem of get water to stay in she mouth be beginning to vie for she attention . aurora raising three child and work full time and tun after woman require a lot more energy than you have . you have always have a knowledge of you own weakness -- do not lose that quality now that you need it most . she sip and dribble . flap rise , watch aurora dab at she chin . flap - you have no right nor any invitation to discuss where or how my child live ... ( more ) ( continued ) 140 . 243 continued : ( 2 ) 243 flap ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) that 's a ... what do you call it ?... a dribble glass . you be drink : from a dribble glass . he look around along with aurora . 244 there Pov ' 244 the kid look on . aurora be piss ; flap be proud of he brood . 245 int . emma's hospital room - night - 245 flap be seat beside she bed . emma with from what the doctor say , I think we have to have ... ( ruefully ) +e. " the talk '' now . flap look at she , then away . some quality he do not have may be expect of he . but now he turn back and nold she gaze . flap ( pare he soul ) do you know how much I hate the idea of lese you ? emma yes . flap frustration venting ) nobody seem to know that but you ... ke calm , sit down , start to speak , almost do not . emma . ( encourage ) what ? flap oh. just think about my identity and not have one anymore . ( bittersweet irony ) I mean who be I if I be not the man who 's fail Emma ? ( continued ) 245 continued : he crin . 141 . 245 emma you do not fail I . flap let 's not talk about this . I feel like I be suck after forgiveness -- which I probably be . emma you be not any more terrible than I ... flap except for the cheating . emma oh , let 's not do this . we have we problem , flap , but it be not over whether we love each other ... oh , look , I do not even notice ... ( she finger he tie , move by the gesture he make in wear it ) honestly . oh , gosh . and it be really bury away . I know the mess it must have be for you find it . there be a strange but uncommonly easy intimacy . between they . as they relax , this visit becin to have some of the element of a good time . flap the house still be not in one piece . it be in the last box I look in . emma I will bet . flap ( loving she ) you be so easy to please . I do not know why I could not do more of it . emma ( a beat then ) I feel so sorry for you . what be you go to do ? flap I love teach English . I will be all right . ( continued ) 245 continued : she grab 142 . ( 2 ) 245 emma I be so glad we be talk . I just be . it just mean so much to I that we can still feel like this -- so much . honest . wow . thank heaven . flap ( amaze at she ) I swear . one of he ear and hold it affectionately . emma listen , I be get tired . just tell I , hon , do you really want to raise they ? he look down , think , then at she . he think . she take flap I never thoucht I be the sort of man who would give up he kid . emma I do not think you want that much work . you have no idea what it take . as hard as you think it be , you would end up wishing it be that easy . emma patsy and momma can afford help . that make a very big difference . flap where do you want they ? emma I do not want they live with Janice . flap ( hesitantly ) she 's not so bac . emma oh , yes she be -- for my kid she be . he hand . emma ( continue ) I think they would better not stay with you , honey . ( continued ) 143 . 245 continued : ( 3 ) 245 flap be scared and ashamed . flap I will really miss they . emma . yes , you will . flap maybe we should let patsy take they . it would be easy for I to work research summer in New York . emma no. patsy only really care about Melanie . I want they with mother . I will make sure she let you see they and have they and help decide thing fer they . flap sigh . flap ( ruefully ) I guess they should be with you mother . I probably have that cominc . emma bring the boy to see I tomorrow , will you ? that one 's be waitine there for I . it 's time I do it . 246 int . emma's hospital room - the next day 246 patsy be put some make - up on emma , get she spruce up for she boy . patsy be it terrible to say that I just ea not stand see you mother get she hand on that little girl ? I would just love to raise that little girl . emma I would let you . but teddy can not spare she . patsy pause . she always adore the way emma think . she be heavy~hearted but be work asainst the emotion , try to supply energy to she friend 's hospital room . patsy I suppose Melanie will manage all by herself no matter who take care of she . ( continued ) 246 144 . continued : 246 emma keep a eye on teddy , though . okay ? he 's go to take this so damn personally . Tommy 's be try not to need I for year but teddy 's go to be so scared without I . téar come . patsy dry they , do some patch work with the make -up . then she patch herself . patsy be 's so like you , teddy . a real innocent . emma I be not so innocent . patsy I really wish you would not use the past tense . anyway , I be have the kid visit a lot . she can not fight I on that . emma T will make sure she do not . thanks for help I stall but you would better send they in . patsy do I get to say somethine ever ? emma oh , we do not have to ... patsy start for the ' door , turn . patsy there 's just this . seside loving you , I do not think you realize how I have depend on you . you be my touchstone , Emma . she exit . emma sit there alone prepare to tackle the final task she have set for herself , she farewell to she child . at this moment she be think hard , concentrate on how she will deal with this . she be at work . we hear the door open . she look over towards it . emma hi , boy . 145 . 247 ber Pov 247 as tommy and teddy enter they mother 's room . tommy steeling himself , he young brother already in tear . he move quickly to he mother and bury he head in the cover . tommy be enormously uncomfortable and rigid . teddy be a bit out of control because suddenly , here with he mother , he feel comfortable enough to say what he 's be think since she be hospitalize . : teddy I love you and I miss you . and , oh God , I want you to come home . he lift he head and take seme breath ; emma pet he , look almost a bit stern at tommy and gesture he to come closer . 2468 on tommy 248 as he hesitates for half a beat , then walk to the bed . she touch he face . emma you both look so gigantic to I . and I must look pretty bad to you . teddy be so shocked with she appearance he can not answer , just look embarrassed . tommy show a small measure of grace . tommy not so bad . 249 on emma 249 strangely she feel deep appreciation for tommy' word . -emma you both need a haircut . you have , both of you , beautiful eye and I want people to see they . I do not care how long it get in back but clip that bang . they be too long . tommy that 's a matter of opinion . emma just keep the hair out of you eye . tommy be you get well ? emma uh-uh . ( continued ) , 146 . 249 continued : 249 teddy be eye dart , as if look for escape . emma ( continue ) 's - I be sorry about this . but I can not help it . and I can not talk to you too much longer or else I will start to get real upset . but we have lot of year and we do a lot of talk -- and some people do not get that ... listen , I want you to make a lot of friend . and do not be afraid of girl -- they be go to be so much help to you , I swear . tommy we be not afraid of girl . what make you think that ? emma well , you micht be later on . tommy I doubt it . teddy ( sobbing to Tommy ) why do not you just shut up ? tommy ( hal f-heartedly ) you shut up . emma shhh. come on . teddy ? give I a kiss . they kiss on the lip . teddy kiss she a few extra time and so do she . she do the last extra kiss in a way which make he smile . she gesture to tommy who kiss she cheek cuickly . he be torture and somehow be stiff and foul be simpler for he right now . emma Tommy , be sweet . be sweet , please . do not keep pretend you dislike I . that 's silly . tommy ( strain ) I like you . ( continued ) 147 . 249 continued : ( 2 ) 249 emma then will you listen to I especially hard ? . tommy . what ? emma you will listen close ? tommy I say , what ? emma ( petting he arm ) I know that you like I . I know it . but for the last year or two you have be pretend you hate I . I love you a let , as much as I love anybody , as much as I love myself . and in a few year when I have not be around to be on you tail about something or irritate you , you be go to remember my buy you baseball glove when you think we be too break , and how I read you this storey and let you goof off instead of mow the lawn ... lot of thing . you be soin to realize you love I . and maybe you be go to feel badly because you never tell I . do not . because I already know you love I . so you must not ever do that to voursel . okay ? tommy pause . his brother look at he with hope and urging that he say " I love you " . he do not . tommy okay . emma good . you would both better run alone now . take care . I be scared of this , but I think it go really well , do not you ? the boy nod . 250 int . hospital corridor - day 250 aurora seat with melanie on she lap as the boy enter the scene . ( continued ) - 250 251 252 253 146 . continued : 250 aurora come on , you father 's back at the hotel . moving shot - close on tommy 251 as he move along , glance back occasionally . ext . hospital ground - day 252 aurora make conversation to soothe teddy who keep lapsing unexpectedly into tear or sniffle . tommy lag behind , pause , look back at the hospital , then catch up . aurora you know , I be speak to this boy back in River oak where I live and@ he be tell I how great the cub scout be in Houston , just about the best there be . tommy ( simply ) we never be scout . we mother be too lazy to check it out . aurora be hand hit he so hard that he be knock down ané several foot away by the blow . melanie giggle nervously . tommy start to scamper away . aurora go after he . he almost run for it . she have he by the arm . finally , he stop strucgling ; he start cry . aurora comfort he . gentler than we have see she . aurora that 's a boy . I just can not have you criticize you mother around I . int . emma's hospital room - night 253 one light on . flap doze in a chair . aurora seat across the room , look at emma , who be on even more life support system , and now emma look back . her mother smile at she with quiet and mystic reassurance -- they final communication . emma turn ; aurora look out the window . the door open , a nurse enter . she eheck emma . this be the same nurse who have the run - in with aurora . she 's a bit reluctant to approach she . she touch flap , who awaken . nurse Mr. Horton . she 's go . ( continued ) 253 254 255 256 continued : 253 . flap get to he foot . he look at aurora , who rise . aurora i'm so stupid . after all she 's be through , '' I think I would feel relief when she go ...0h , my sweet little thing ..- ( a wail ) oh , Emma ... please . she catch herself , look at flap , sadness flow again . he stand quite still , something approach dignity . . aurora . ( continue ) there 's nothing harder , be there ? she look at flap again , a step and they be in each other 's arm , aurora kiss he brow , he kiss she pack . they look towards the bed . then : aurora let 's go . flap open the door , wait for she ; she gesture that he should go first . a instant where she look back from the doorway . fade out : {to end title over : ext . aurora' house - day 254 as the last of the three limousine return from emma's funeral . int . aurora' kitchen - day 255 rosie , patsy and aurora prepare some food . they argue with aurora and each other about who should not be do this . ' int . live room - day 256 garrett , vernon , the banker , the doctor , tommy , teddy , melanie , flap , patsy be husband , meg , cecil horton and SAM burn , off by himsel , lose until patsy come up and begin to tell he how much emma care about he . the casual , mournful , unstructure conversation of we character , as they drink , eat and talk about emma and inevitably about she mother as well . this to continue as we finally ... fade out .