screenplay by tedi sarafian eye only : not for duplication July 10 , 1997 MK '' '' ad ao c farce in : ext . santa monica beach ~ sunset sunbather stretch out along the sand which offer a Queen 's necklace view of the coast . it 's a clear summer day with catalina tsland in view . ' jolleyball player , surzer , family perch beneath coiorful umbrella , etc . dissolve to : ext . santa monica beach - underwater - sunset the same spot as before , except now it 's a apocalyptic hell beneath the sea . skull roll back and forth on the pollute sea floor as the tide churn . the camera rise out of the water and find a pollute sea wave which crash onto 4 coastline . in the distance , fragment of large building , buckle and melt by the nuclear fire . furious gaie wind scream with Satan 's laughter . title card : los angele , september 13 , 2029 a thunderous roar crescendo as two aerial has ( hunter - killer ) scream past , trail a F - 16 fighter . the has pull impossible gs , outmaneuvering the human-piloted F - 16 . a explosion of laserfire as the aerial has strafe the F - 16 , blast it we of the sky . . sohn connor ( vo ) the computer which control the . machine , skynet , send . two terminator oe das back , through time . ' they - mission : to iy ' destroy I , John connor , : leader : ofthe ~ ' human resistance . the first terminator be program to strike at my mother , Sarah , in the year 1984 -- before I be bear . it fail . the second be set to strike at I in the year 1991 . it too fail . but we do more than survive . we change history . we follow the fiery piece of shrapnel as they rain onto the break street below ... 2 2 3 5 MK dissolve to : ext . L.A. CITY - night overview of the Santa monica pier . the ferris wheei , the roller coaster , the countless people have fun ... c spikinis bask ina jacuzzi : while other éf1 e] iesfatale * in : : sho i ; " 's title card : 1 mile off the coast of L.A. -~ present day JOHN connor / vo ) so August 29th , 1997 come and leave . the three billion life which be to end in the war call judgment Day , live on to toast the new millennium . ( beat ) but be we at peace ? or in the eye of a hurricane , with the worst yet to come . camera turn and face the deep blue sea ... Wild finger of blue and white electrical arc dance ten foot above the swell a mile from shore . the strange lightning form a circular open in midair , and with a electrical dispersion we see a figure cradle within the sphere of ENERGY . a sudden flash with a explosive thunderclap ! the naked figure drop into the ocean . splash ! underwater Red eye glow within the darkness of the sea . a naked , muscular man . the terminator . ext . yacht - night this gorgeous 80 footer cruise along the coast at 15 kes . int . cabin - night ' party be in full swing . stripper - type émuiscle-bolind " body | " ‘of . ard , fub up against ype ( wearing : avyellow leather :hat , .. : ; black leather pants ' and 's jacket ) vacuum hefty dine into he nostril . crash ! dancer tumble to the floor as the ship strike something . int . bridge - night rapper storm into the bridge and bark at one of he buddy who stand at the con , bottle of Jack in he grip , half - naked girl at he side . rapper what the hell we hit ? ©1 '' nh - MK ' beyond - intrigue by he . ' perfection : . buddy nback off the engine ) whatever it be , it fry we prop . =xt . stern ~- night rapper hand out order to a team of body guard . they open a large case contain two new prop . rapper get that shit fix ! holding up the party . two body guard move fix to the problem ... all action stop as a very muscular naked man climb onto the yacht , drip wet . terminator step aboard . Greek -like physique . massive . perfect . face , devoid of emotion . terminator stand and impassively survey the surroundings . partier # 1 I think he be swim for the nude beach and get lose . rapper eye-ball the naked goliath -- not a everyday occurrence here . he glance down at terminator 's crotch , smirk . rapper Water must not have be as cold as I think . terminator Pov . a digitize electronic scan of the ship and partier overlaid with alphanumeric readout which change - faster than the human. eye - can_ follow , ::. the. terminator 's 's cpu : scan - and analyze the motley - < crew .. : 3h weight . several stripper . / smile : largely : a Te ) terminator turn emotionless eye toward rapper whose measurement have be deem suitable . terminator I need you clothes , you boot ... terminator eye a md-520n helicopter seat on a helipad . gi @ po po terminator ( cont 's D} ... and the helicopter . rapper can not help but to laugh . the other body Guards follow suit . during which time ... camera dolly , revealing terminator 's back which have be mutilate by the prop . expose endoskeleton and tear flesh , not revealed to the partier . MK terminator ( cont 'd ) now . rapper tense . rapper throw this bitch off my boat . body Guard # 1 reach grab terminator 's upper arm . body guard # 1 say bye-bye . terminator 's powerful hydraulic grip clamp onto he arm , spin-break it . body Guard # 1 cry out as all two hundred pius pound of he be catapult off the ship like a frisbee . splash ! body Guard # 2 slashes he combat knife toward terminator who catch it by the razor - sharp serrate edge , break the blade in half by press he thumb forward ... throw the blade straight down where it stab the mahogany deck . terminator grab body Guard # 2 and throw the soldier onto the blade which stick through he shoulder . body Guard # 3 extend a .9 mm to shoot ... terminator grab the weapon and yank , separate body Guard # 3 's shoulder . while scream in pain , body Guard # 3 be launch through the cabin window ... craassh ! at the same time ... two other body Guards blast terminator with they .9mm . terminator barely flinch from the onslaught , bullet ricochete off he face . crack ! terminator step on body Guard # 4 's knee sideways ... SNAP ! scream bloody murder , body Guard # 4 go for he pistol which be just in he reach : until ... terminator step : on . the man 's 's hand . . . crunch ! - a combat knife slice across terminator 's neck from behind . terminator back~head - butt body Guard # 5 , strip the blade and throw it with machine - like accuracy ... thong ! the knife spear through body Guard # 6 's wrist , pin it to the wall of the cabin -- the hk mp - 5 , freeze in he grip , be fire accidently , blast two dry - dock wave runners which explode in a ball of gasoline ! Fire spread . rat-t-t-t-t-t-t-t -! a body Guard explode multiple round of a mp - 5 . terminator strip the clip out of the weapon , make it click empty . body Guard # 7 be hurl hard against the cabin wall . smash ! the injure body Guards stop attack . they get it -- there 's something very fuck wrong here . én @9 PD ho MK they struggle to squirm they injure sody away from terminator , the fear of God in chem . terminator step through the flame , undaunted by the intense neat . emotioniess eye coldly target rapper wno can not andress fast enough . CUT to : ext . helipad on ship - night | terminator stride toward tue helipad now fully clothed in dlack leather jacket , baggy leather pants and heavy cleate boot . int . md-520n helicopter - night terminator grab the control with rapper and another thug step onto the helipad leveling a mp - 5s at terminator . rapper open wide , motherfuc -~- terminator step hard on the leave anti-torque pedal . the helicopter spin around like a tornado , its rotorless tailboom bat the thug off the helipad and into the ocean . terminator apply leave cyclic and fly the chopper sideways right into rapper who smash into the side glass window where he get stick . terminator yank the m4 machine from rapper as the chopper ascend . rapper , hang on for he life , glance downward at the death drop . rapper ( cont 's D ) what ever you want , man ! it 's yours , take my boat , '' you can have my boat ! anything ! eo so terminator glance at rapper , reach out with he leave hand and remove rapper 's hip diesel sunglass and place they on he face . rapper ( cont 'd ) my sunglass , cool ! they be you , ' bro ! definitely you ! ovd hind - terminator maneuver the chopper to sweep down sideways toward the yacht . rapper scream as he go for the ride of he life -- or death -- whichever . rapper let go of the chopper and fall sixty foot to the ocean . . below on deck MK 6 . body Guard # 3 scream as the fire approach several gas can place beside the Wave runner . body guard # 3 Fire in the hole ! the remain body Guards and partier jump ship ! explosion ! the yacht combust with a swirling ball of FIRE . the md-520n fly right through the flame and continue toward the shore , leave the fiery aftermath behind . CUT to : int . bowling alley - pin set - up area - night magnificent tendril of blue - white light explode like a massive tesla Coil . the lower half of bowl pin be partially disintegrated as a mathematically perfect sphere cut into we dimension , bring with it a passenger from the future . camera slowly tilt up ... revealing : foot . Petite and delicate . slender ankle . sculpt calf . Long sturdy thigh . small waist . toned arm . beautiful tan skin . silky hair just past shoulder length . eye sizzling brightly with emerald green . bee-stung lip . flawless face structure . genetically perfect , impossibly beautiful . meet skynet 's newest prototype -~- t- 1g . int . bowling alley - lane a bowler dry he hand , wiggling he finger above a fan as he wait for the pin to set-up. : : .. ces , the automatic pin set - up machine lower ten deform pin , all of ' which have be mutilate by the sphere . the pin tumble to the lane , unable to stand on they own . the yuppie react as he get a strike without have to do anything : voice ( os ) what the hell ... just then , all eye feast on t-1g who strut across the lane like a runway supermodel -- completely naked . a mother cover she son 's bulg eye . beer-drink bowler straighten they greasy hair as the girl of they wet dream approach . gt G pso ps MK bowler ( big grin ) well , well , well ... happy birthday to I ! 771g walk past several jealous woman and they gawk poyeriend and husband when a manager approach with a blanket . manager miss , you be gonna have to put some clothes on , or I will call the cop . the manager throw the blanket around T - 1g , cover she up . '' boos '' from the other bowler . int . manager 's office the manager escort t- 1g inside . manager so what be this , some kind of dare ? what 's go on here ? t-1g turn she emotionless eye on the manager , coldly consider he . the blanket fall off , curl on the floor by she foot . the manager smirk . manager ( cont 's D ) have it you way . t-1g reach out and slide she hand down he chest , seductively descend lower ... the manager smile . t-1g 's hand wrap around a cellphone which the manager wear on a belt clip . she spin around , flip open the phone and begin dial . : a be se : gg '' cv # manager '' ( cont ? ) '' : '' ' hey , you can not just -- for '' the manager reach out and grab T - 1g 's shoulder . Big mistake . t-1g spin around and grab the manager 's neck . he suddenly gasp as he be electrocute with a lethal dose of amperage ! eye peel wide in horror , the manager hit the floor . Dead . gu @ po fs computer fax tone be hear through the cellphone as it access the internet . with she back turn to camera , t-1g reply with computer tone . insert . cyberspace Pov . countless web page stream past until we come across FBI data file . access granted . countless picture of criminal . we find JOHN connor . criminal data . personal information . Home address . MK 8. t- ig end the call . her eye focus on a large poster tack ; to a wall . a glamorous supermodel dress in prada and - gucci , pseudo military - industrial . Black prada stretch pants . tight -fitting techno-fiber motorcycle jacket with a hint of military . sleek gucci combat boot . a ten thousand dollar outfit . the model 's hair be short and slicked back . High - fashion makeup , pale with dark shading around the eye . very modern . T - 16 's nail suddenly take on red paint . her body ripple as it morph into its new look . perfectly emulate clothes , hair and makeup -- all from visual reference . ext . bowling alley - night t-1g exit with she new look . her eye fall on a Shelby cobra stripped of paint . she enter the vehicle and fire up the powerful engine . _ wheel burn black smoke as the muscle car shimmy sideways , wait for cold rubber to heat up and grip . when they finally do , t-1g rocket the cobra onto the street . CUT to : ext . park - day a bbq party be in progress . grunge music blast . work the grill wear a '' kiss the chef '' apron be JOHN connor . a far cry from the leader of the human resistance we expect to see . he have become a handsome young adult in he early twenty . lean , well - define body , short mess - up hair . eye which reflect a dark intelligence . '' y , JOHN okay , . who want the medium -well ? .. . : John 's friend -- boyd -- approach . he 's a plump computer genius in he early 30s . boyd that will be I . ( point across crowd ) John , who 's that girl ? the one with damon ? gt @ pom JOHN chill out , boyd . you get a girlfriend . boyd I be just wonder , bro 's . John shoot boyd a hard look before slapping a burger on he cc plate . MK foe , vonn 's girlfriend -- anna -- approach . she 's you girl next door all grow up . warm disposition , suptiy attractive . arsund John 's age . anna think you might want one of this . anna hand John a cold beer . JOHN I would rather have one of this . vohn give Anna a passionate kiss . a german shepherd -- bandita -- let out a jealous whine . anna I swear to God , John , I think that dog be jealous . JOHN she 's not jealous . ( kneel down ) be not that right , bandita ? give daddy a kiss . John let bandita lick he face . he feed the dog a burger . JOHN ( cont 's D ) here you go , girl . anna honey , I think you should say something . give a little speech . ' JOHN I do not want to do that . - : je Anna smile and , begin rallying the crowd . ' anna everyone , John 's gonna give a speech ! everyone join in '' speech , speech , speech ! '' John glare at Anna . JOHN I be go to get you later . or @ dik '' anna promise -promise . someone turn off the music . the crowd settles . MK — _ JOHN well , what can = say ... we startea the company with several slow computer , a few degenerate programmer -~- friend # 1 yeah , baby ! JOHN a couple of bean counter that exemplify the word '' nerd . '' ( beat ) and one felon hacker who should be in Leavenworth be somebody 's bitch , but instead get lucky . because he hook up with the right bunch of guy , who help turn he life around . the crowd sigh sarcastically . JOHN ( cont ! D ) and now ... look at we . celebrate we just approve ten million dollar line of credit . book major account leave and right . and kick some serious ass . fhold up he beer ) cheer . everyone toast . John 's cellphone ring . he move away from the crowd for privacy , take the call . JOHN ( cont 'd ) hello ? John 's expression stiffen . JOHN ( cont 's D ) . John connor ? sorry , you have - the wrong number . my name 's John kaplin . ( listen ) yeah , it 's safe to talk . oturn he back to camera ) hi , mom . good. listen , I need to talk to you . today . alright . John hang up when Anna approach . '' '' 19 po . anna everything alright ? JOHN yeah , I be go to have to run out of here . MK +> anna what 's wrong ? JOHN nothing . everything 's fine , trust I . okay ? anna what should i tell everybody ? JOHN family emergency . anna you do not have any family . JOHN Anna , I can not explain now . I have to run and I need you to trust I . make something up . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I love you . anna I love you , too . John kiss Anna . bandita bark . Anna spin around and shoot a look at the dog . she turn back to John , but he 's already jogging toward he car . CUT to : ext . burbank airport - day John enter a turbo cessna , don a pair of David Clark headsets . a the turbo cessna speed down the runway and take off . : CUT to : int . JOHN connor 's house terminator stride through with he m4 levele and ready to shoot . terminator approach a cork message board and rip off a invitation flyer . bbq party . below be direction and date . CUT to : ext . trailer park - day t-1g knock on the door of a rickety trailer home . a old black woman answer . on '' ro po y black woman can I help you ? t-ig FBI . I need to speak with John connor . th black woman who ? t-1g shove the Black woman aside and enter . black woman ( cont 's D ) girlfriend , you better step off , I do not see no badge ! int . trailer home while the Black woman complain , t-1g scan the area . two Black teenager smile and stick out they chest , want to impress the beauty . CUT to : ext . california desert - day the turbo cessna land on a dusty tarmac near a militia compound . a bunch of dusty old house and building . ext . militia compound - front gate John approach a chain - link fence which encircle the perimeter of the compound . he push the intercom button , pay notice to several security camera point at he . two mercenary approach from the other side of the gate , ar - 15s " semi-auto sling around they shoulder . well - train german shepherd bark violently . '' 8 mercenary # 1 - ( german ) futz ! the dog ' instantly behave . the mercenary eye-ball John suspiciously . mercenary # 1 ( cont 'd ) yeah ? JOHN I be here to see Sarah connor . mercenary # 1 nobody here by that name . gi '' po 1 ) MK joen I be she son . she 's expect I . < come en guy , I have peen here before . mercenary 41 can not help you . mercenary # 2 's radio sauawk . he answer the call . mercenary # 2 bryce here . what ? Roger that . {to John ) you 's be good . int . militia compound - day John enter and be escort past a indoor shoot range . mercenary be shredd paper target with black market machine gun . int . gym - day sarah connor kick the shit out of a punch bag , practice israeli krav maga . she 's lean and rip , define muscle cover in sweat . her fierce eye resonate with distant pain . Sarah step away from the bag , wipe the sweat off she face , light a cigarette . JOHN ( os ) think you be go to stop smoking . Sarah turn and find John stand in the doorway . the tension be immediate . sarah think you be _ go to start work out . JOHN - not much time , be pretty focus on building the company . . sarah how 's all that go ? JOHN great . I just write a new program . cut edge stuff . hack into any computer system , find weakness , that sort of thing . sarah there 's a market for that ? '' @ po MK '' > '' y ~? JOHN lot of company need they security check . we just get a ten million dollar line of credit from Goldman sach to take it public . Sarah nod , hardly impressed . JOHN ( cont 's D ) you can hold back you enthusiasm . sarah you have a obligation , John . JOHN look , I be just try to get on with my life . sarah ~ what life ?! there be no life unless you wake up ! JOHN I be awake ! but it 's be ten year ! i ' ten year ... and nothing have happen ! sarah you can not assume it 's over , John ! it 's only a matter time before cyberdyne or some other fuck place create a conscious computer ! JOHN look , I be do 's more save the world than you be shoot can ! I be on top of cyberdyne . they abandon the . . project .. and besides they , 's no -one 's even close to create a.i . - sarah : tell I something , John . what be the world go to do when a terminator march into you house and blow you on G po away ? JOHN life wili just have to continue without I . sarah tt can not ! there be no life without you . like it or not , you be the leader of -- MK we . sohn -~ of the human resistance !? not anymore ! we change history ! and history change I ! Sarah look off , refuse to believe that . John force nimself calm . JOHN ( cont 's D ) I be not the John connor you want I to be . I be sorry . but I be just a regular person , try to get on with a regular life . and you should do the same . Sarah shake she head , no reply . JOHN ( cont ! D ) look . the reason why I come here be ... ( calming breath ) +.. I be go to ask Anna to marry I . I want you to be a part of it . Sarah stare off , frustrated . John shake he head , know what she reply be go to be . JOHN ( cont ' D ) figure as much ... John move to exit , pause at the door . JOHN ( cont 's D ) I get rob out of a father ... and a mother . John exit . Sarah stare after he with mix emotion . CUT to : int . md 520n - hovering terminator scan the park below where John have the bbq party . John be nowhere to be find . CUT to : ext . turbo cessna - flying John speak into he cellphone as he approach the plane . he be unsettle -- Sarah 's word get under he skin . JOHN boyd , it 's I . listen , do I a favor . run by the office and check on cyberdyne system for I , will ya ? to G po NY MK int . BMW convertible - say boyd drive , cellphone to nos ear . boyd John , Jesus ... come on . it 's a mentai disease , be what you get . ' you need serious professional help . one , it 's Saturday and I have get a life . two , you blow off you own party before you tell I who that girl be . and three , how many time you need to hear : they be out of the a.i. business ? hello ?? JOHN do it and I will slide you five hundred share . boyd - a thousand . JOHN seven-fifty . and I want a detailed project sheet fax to my house asap . CUT to : ext . JOHN connor 's house - dusk tight on the Shelby cobra as it pull up and park . Pan up black gucci boot and sexy leg of t-1g who coldly survey the immediate area . t-1g stride toward the front door , pass a mailbox which read : JOHN connor . + CUT to : int . home office - dusk Anna talk to a friend on the cordless while seat before a draft table , rendering architectural plan . in the background be a surfboard . anna I do not know , he 's be plan this big dinner tonight . and then today at the picnic he have to run out . I have never see he so secretive . the doorbell ring . Anna move to answer it , oblivious . MK a ~ anna cont 's 5d ) what do = think ? I think it 's ail good . give I 4 break , he have not even propose yet . no , i be not go to start clanning the honeymoon . to open the front door and find terminator . he remove nis sunglass . : terminator 's I be look for John 's - plin . anna he 's not here . what 's this regard ? terminator his future . terminator Pov . heatvision allow terminator to see through the wall and in all area of the houa . the only other life - form inside be a approach german shepherd . Anna struggle to hold back bandita who appear at she side , bark viciously at terminator . anna bandita down ! sorry , I do not what 's get into she . ( after calming bandita ) he will probably be in early this evening if you want to try back then . terminator scan the area once again , glance at Anna ; then exit down the porch walkway . anna , ( cont 's D ) Excuse I ... terminator turn back to Anna . anna ( cont D ) will you be back ? terminator just send Anna a dark look , don he sunglass and continue on he way ( no , he do not say the famous word , at léast not here . ) Anna shake she head , shut the door . of aih CUT to : ext . JOHN connor 's house - dusk it be now reveal that t-1g be stand ar_ihe entrance of a different house . t-1g examine the bolt shut door . MK -— with -- -- 28 . several industriai size lock keep anyone from get in . t-2g kick down the door and enter . < not . JOHN connor' house t-ig 's emotionless eye scan the surroundings . it 's a sesolate , dusty place with old furniture . severai video camera pan toward t-1g , red recording light flash . t-ig remove a gun and cock it . a alarm wail ! suddenly , the painting on two wall swing open , revealing 2 hughes 30 mm chain gun . a booby -trap ! a explosive barrage of gunfire blast t- 1g ! each penetrate bullet exit the opposite side of she body , narrowly stretch out she skin in the diameter of the bullet . as t-1g be continuously blast , she distort form take on a porcupine effect . the long , skinny spinule the bullet create grow luminous with grainy static —- like static snow on a television . this glow static emit high - pitch frequency with each bullet hit . as t-1g be blast more and more , she body dissipate into a fog of static energy and eventually disappear . the 30 mm chain gun run out of ammo and click empty . silence . second later , a beautiful geometric aura of static electricity appear -- like a angel float in a glow of radiant color . granule of static energy return to they shape and rebuild T - 1g , return she to she gorgeous self -- she default mode the floor drop out -- a trap door ~-- swallow t- 1g . slide down a metal ramp , t-1g plummet into a cauldron of a molten steel . splash ! Fire quickly . consume . she ! -- : : CUT to : int . militia compound ~- security surveillance room a alarm wail , red light flash . Sarah hustle into the room and find several mercenary tech perch before computer . mercenary tech someone hit the trap . Sarah react . int . militia compound ~- gun room Sarah and a army of mercenary gear up with black market 2 xtreme weaponry . MK 19 . tnis crack assault force be like a weil - oile machine . no renic , no mistake , tust cumped adrenaiine and focus precision . ext . sohn connor' decoy house the mercenary communicate with hand signal as they approach the house . mercenary # 1 hustle up to Sarah , take cover behind two smoke stack -- use to ventilate the neat from the decoy nouse 's basement . mercenary # 1 all side be secure . ready to move on you execute . sarah do it . int . JOHN connor 's decoy house Sarah and she team of mercenary storm the place . weapon levele and ready for action . but there be no action . Sarah scan the area . cautiously move about the house . while the mercenary comb the place , Sarah step to the center of the room where the collapse floor reveal the cauldron of molten steel below . but do the trap work ? mercenary whatever be here , we melt it . sarah get I the video . a mercenary eject a vcr tape and hand it to Sarah . close on monitor - the tape show t- 1g as the floor open up . t-1g plummet and splashes into the cauldron of molten steel . but t- 1g be completely unaffected . she casually swim to the side of the cauldron and climb out . Sarah turn sheet white . CUT to : int / ext . ford explorer - dusk John pull up to he house and find Anna in the driveway , load a duffle bag into she vw bug . we stay with John as he exit the truck and hurry across the driveway up to she . '' G mn hy MK & - 20 . sohn what be you do ? what 's go on ? no reply . Anna be visibly upset . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what , you be piss because = Left the party ? anna who the hell be you ? JOHN what be you talk about ? anna what be I talk about ? I just get off the phone with a woman who insisted on speak with John '' connor . '' Said she ~ be you mother . I tell she she have the wrong number . John '' kaplin '' life here . John cringe . JOHN Anna , listen to I . anna it 's not the first time this connor thing 's come up . just tell I the truth , John . I be tired of think that I be paranoid . JOHN you be not paranoid . anna : . be it true ? be it ?! John give she a forfeiting nod . Anna back away . '' anna ( cont 'd ) I do not know you . 61 din JOHN Anna , I can explain everything . anna what ? how you lie to I ? you lie to I ! JOHN Anna , please . inden pos , anna femoticnai ) who be you ?! here I be , faliing in Love with some guy , = do not even know ! everything , sur wnoie relationsnip , +s a goddam lie ! anna begin cry . John reach for she . jchn Anna . anna do not touch I ! Anna shove John back . nosy neighbor across the street spy on the domestic dispute . sohn you have every right to be angry . Anna fire up the ignition . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Anna , please . anna ( suppress she anger ) I need to take a drive . Anna put the car in gear and drive off . JOHN Anna ! shit ... int . suburban house John enter and find a few thing break on the floor -- a result of Anna 's temper tantrum . the fax machine finish spitting out a facsimile . John glance at the fax , study it quickly . he go to set it aside when something catch he attention . he examine the fax again . something do not add up . John open a filing cabinet and rifle through some papers . he find another fax sneet on cyberdyne system . he piace the two page on top of each other and hold they up to the light . they be identical . alarm , John reach for the phone . no dial tone -- Anna rip the cord out of the wall . John flip open he cellphone . MK '' gd pm p 22 . int . sata safe - night ohn connor 's computer company . camera track past a impressive display of mainframe computer system , all rack - unte . , large flatscreen monitor hang on the wall . 3o0yd in the progress of lock up when nis ceilphone ring . Ze answer the call . boyd yeah . intercut : zohn speak on he cellphone . JOHN they 's be identical . boyd - here we go again . JOHN no , listen to I , boyd . this be serious . it 's a facade . cyberdyne 's mask they operation . I just look at the project sheet . it 's identical to the one they have last quarter except for the date . boyd no shit ? : JOHN boyd . I want you to do a deep - tissue search . hack into every goddam thing cyberdyne 's get go on over there . get on it . boyd it 's do . JOHN and call I soon as you know anything . I be on Anna 's cell . you get that number , right ? boyd yeah . John hang up . a beat later he dial again . int . volkswagen beetle - drive - day Anna be drive when she cellphone ring . she struggle to hide she emotion as she take the call . MK '' ss PD who z anna what do you want ? intercut to JOHN : JOHN ; Anna , if you have jus give I a chance to explain . anna explain . JOHN I can not do this over the phone . anna - then where ? JOHN Cafe soliel in fifteen minute . anna Fine . CUT to : ext . militia compound - day Sarah and a team of seven mercenary load up two 4x4 wagon with ultra-high - end weapon system and box of ammo . Sarah have a cellphone to she ear , listen to the other end ring and ring . . . coe sarah oo : oo the .. : '' come on , John , answer the goddam phone . . ' int . JOHN connor 's house : John home phone have be rip out of the wall by Anna 's temper tantrum . ext . militia compound - day frustrate , Sarah end the call . she strap on a holster design for two hk G - 36 fully auto assault rifle with pistol grip and fold stock . she slap in a new clip . ot G NY po : CUT to : MK 24 . ext . santa monica blvd - say y vohn 's Ford explorer traveis toward a gutdoor mall . 500 foot above fly terminator in the steal md-520n helicopter . vyohn 's explorer pull into the underground parking structure . ext . outdoor mall - cafe soliel John find Anna at a table near a large glass window . he goin she . the mood be more than uncomfortable ... JOHN hi. anna hi. a waiter approach the table . waiter something to drink ? JOHN ( to Anna ) coffee ? Anna nod . . 'a JOHN ( cont 'd ) two black coffee . thanks . John give Anna a look , take a deep breath . this be not go to be easy . JOHN ( cont 'd ) . my mother 's name be Sarah connor . she ' 's a fugitive . want by the FBI , : CIA , NSA , you name it . I have to.say she 's dead to ' protect she . and I . 7.0 , anna you be serious . John 's look say it all . Anna take a moment to digest this . anna ( cont 'd ) what have sne do ? '' G po po JOHN accord to authority ? enough to serve a half - dozen life sentence . ' Anna stare off , sicken . MK not oo anna i don’ : feei well . JOHN she 's innocent , Anna . it 's ail a smokescreen . <= can not fuily get into detail but what I can tell you be -- anna z need to use the restroom . she leave the table . John stare after ner with concern wnon he cellphone ring . JOHN ( answer the call ) yeah . int . data safe ~ boyd sit before a terminal , data reflect in he glass . he look amp . boyd you be right . it 's all bullshit . cyberdyne 's get a half dozen other project go on over there . tight security shit . intercut : JOHN anything a.1i .? . boyd type into the terminal , ' punch up data . ' boyd - woe ' from what I can see there 's only one . ao . but it 's under 's serious lock . and key . I can not get anything on it . JOHN what about the name ? the designer ? what 's the project call ? boyd jeez , Z '' not a machine , give I a second here . oi g9 po po sohn wait anxiously for boyd 's information . women 's room Anna return from the bathroom , compose , make - up perfect . she take a seat at the table and turn to John with a smile . MK ey 26 . sohn ( concerned ) you okay ? anna of course . should not I be ? vonn be somewhat baffle by Anna 's conciliatory response and sright smile . something seem out of place . JOHN I do not know , should you ? boyd 's voice come over the cellphone . boyd okay , here it be . ( beat ) the project 's call uh ... skynet . the blood drain from John 's face . the mds20n roar as it land right in the middle of the outdoor mall . shopper scatter , escape the deadly rotor blade and torrent wind . terminator exit with two .45 pistol in each hand . slow motion John dive on Anna , send she to the ground and shield she with he body just as blam ! blam ! blam ! the terminator blast away ! the large glass fountain shatter from the onslaught . John take Anna by the hand ... . JOHN os eeotoke come : on ! not vm John yank she toward the back exit where they narrowly ' escape terminator 's attack fire . ext . outdoor mall - day John and Anna race across the mall , weaving in and out of the crowd . John stumble upon a Security Officer . he snake the rent -a- cop 's glock .40 rom the man 's holster . gt G ps ps terminator march past frantic shopper who lie on the ground , tremble . he level both .45 and explode round in John 's direction . shopper scream as they hit the deck ! MK y 27 . ext . motorcycle shop - cay sohn and Anna race across the street and come upon a motorcycle dealership . in front , countless motorcycle be park side - by-side , back tire to the curb . John shove the slock in the face of a motorcyclist 's face who be back he bike to the curb . JOHN get off the bike ! motorcyclist come on , man ! [ I just buy this -- JOHN now ! the motorcyclist back off . Anna jump onto the bike . not just any bike . a red suzuki gsx1300r '' hayabusa . '' ~ the fastest sport bike in production . Anna sit in the forward driver 's position , revving the engine . JOHN ( cont 'd ) move over ! anna get on ! JOHN move over ! several shot whistle over John 's head . terminator charge across the street , blast round of ammo . no time to argue . John hop on the back , Anna step into first and pump the throttle . the hayabusa be . at 50 ™mph in one- thousand - one , one - thousand - two . :. '' scrrrreeeech ! a truck slam on ' the brake when terminator race across the middle of the street . the truck smashes into terminator . . . terminator bounce off the grill and skid across the pavement . unscathed and quickly on he foot , terminator march toward the row of sport bike and hop on a black ninja zx - 12r . the only street - legal bike which can keep pace with a hayabusa . terminator hot-wire the bike , revs the bike , step on the shifter and give full throttle ! the bike be a blur as it wheelies down the street ! oo 119 : MK ext . santa monica blvd - day vohn hang on as Anna scream down the boulevara at seventy mile a hour . a red light ahead ! JOHN watch out ! Anna go through the light , narrowly miss a semi . she weave into the center iane where the traffic be less dense . terminator come upon the red light and find the semi block he path . terminator lay the bike down on its side with its wheel still point forward and rest he body onto the engine which skid across the pavement . spark shower as terminator surf the motorcycle beneath the semi at fifty mile a hour . once clear of the semi , terminator pick the bike back onto its wheel and climb on without miss a beat . Anna race the superbike into a hard turn . unable to make the angle , she drive the bike up onto the sidewalk . JOHN ( cont 's D ) when d'ya learn to ride like this !? anna there 's thing you do not know about I , too ! bam ! bam ! bam ! John look behind and see terminator gain . anna ( cont 'd ) hang on ! Anna roll on more throttle . . speedometer : climb : to 100 mp ! as the superbike 'streak down Olympic ' Blvd . - terminator Pov . a gps map display indicate traffic . ° optimal route . danger area . it 's like a video arcade game in fast motion -- except terminator 's highly sophisticated cpu leave no room for error . Anna speed down a street directly parallel to the 10 freeway . to ner right be a 15 foot berm which ramp up to the freeway . oi '' do po Anna turn the sportbike into the ramp at a easy angle , create a evil knevil class jump ! John white - knucle it as Anna jump the sport bike up the berm and jump off ... MK : terminator 's 's '' speedoneter 29 . ext . i0 freeway Anna and John hang snto =he hayabusa as the sike fly across tncome westbound freeway lane craffic lixe a bird ... the hayabusa iand onto che eapebound fast lane and keep cace with traffic . Zohn scream at Anna , adreniline - pump . vokn who the hell be you !? Anna turn to John , smile casually , then focus back on the zvoad ahead . terminator 's ninja fly across westbound traffic in the same fashion ... but he land on the roof of a semi . terminator speed along the semi trailer and jump off onto the freeway where she resume pursuit . Anna see terminator approach in the rearview . she speed onto the shoulder of the freeway and give full throttle . John 's face contort from the furious ram air , he cheek flap violently . eye squinted hard as the hayabusa take they to 130 mile . terminator level he .45 ... bam ! bam ! bam ! Anna glance down at the hayabusa 's speedometer which climb to 150 mile per hour . the freewayscape ahead contort strangely with a tunnel-vision effect . the traffic melt - inte a solid wall of Detroit steel . the speed be almost euphoric . nimb to. 160 mph . Anna 's speedometer climb to : 170 . " terminator , 180 . Anna apply the brake . terminator drive through a wall of black smoke . Anna take a off-ramp which terminator unwittingly pass . ext . off -ramp Anna scream down the off-ramp and lock the brake ! and with no room to spare as dissect traffic come within inch of she front tire . MK ©u G po pm uw oo ext . 210 freeway terminator slow the ninja and race over to the right shouider of the freeway and jump off the overpass . ext . overpass terminator 's ninja land down onto the street . .45 leveie , terminator pump off several shot at John . Anna scream on the throttle , escape the deadly fire . JOHN the metrolink ! Anna see what John be indicate . she drive onto the sidewalk and down the stair of the metrolink -- L.A. 's new subway system . int . metrolink Anna race down the stair and drive through the ticket gate . a open maintenance door offer a route past the revolve security gate . terminator drive the ninja up onto the wall , use it as a ramp and jump the bike over the revolve security gate . int . metrolink - train tunnel Anna jump down onto the subway track and pour on full throttle . the hayabusa be at 90 mph in second , rocketing down one pair of track . a oncoming train travel down the sister track streak past , a mere arm 's reach away . one wrong twitch , instant death . the effect of speed be dizzying . : terminator Pov . nightvision give a better view of the dark subway tunnel . terminator 's own digital speedometer climb ...90 mph ...100 mph ... John spin around and blow several shot at terminator 's ninja with he Glock .40 . bullet spark off terminator 's bike as he pursue . Anna cut a fast turn down a ... int . undeveloped subway tunnel the hayabusa bank high up on the hard - pack dirt wall . terminator make the same high - bank turn ! gi & po po JOHN watch out ! vp ahead , a unmanned tractor block they path ! Anna drive the hayabusa up onto the round bank wall of the tunnel and successfully escape the collision . terminator emulate . the two superbike scream past like two iuge sleds racing down a Olympic chute . Anna roll on full throttle while John explode he remain round at terminator 's ninja . bullet sparking off he bike , terminator remain glue to they like a tail on a comet . up ahead , a large stack of steel beam . Anna race high up onto the right wall . terminator speed high along the leave wall . with the obstacle between they , Anna and John be safe . until ... get ready for this ... terminator climb higher up onto the wall and travel across the ceiling -- upside - down ! John aim the Glock above and pump off the remain shot at terminator . blam ! blam ! blam ! the gun empty , John discard the pistol . terminator descend the other side of the slope tunnel wall and down toward Anna . the tunnel fork ahead ! Anna fake leave , then suddenly crank the bike right , crashing through several wooden plank which read -- end of construction . Anna hit the brake hard . - both tire lock . but the superbike can not stop fast enough . crash ! right into the dead end wall of rock . John pick himself up off the dirt , scrape up and bruise , but not badly injure . Anna , alert and unscathed , check on John ' 's condition . anna you okay ? John shrug , freak out . Anna turn she head to the sound of a motorcycle engine revving . at the entrance of the dead - end tunnel , terminator drive forward on the ninja . he revs the bike in the darkness , red eye glow ominously . '' @ ps MK close on the rear tire of the ninja es it spin max rpm , kick up dirt . the tire catch traction , rocketing terminator toward t-1g and John . terminator level he .45 and empty the rest of the clip . 3am ! bam ! 3am ! Anna jump in front of John and take the punishment . bullet rip through Anna 's chest , exit the opposite side of she body , narrowly stretch out she skin in the diameter of the bullet . a familiar effect . John react as Anna return to default mode . the t-1g . t-1g shove John out of the way with inhuman strength . terminator barrel the bike into t-1g ... crash ! a small explosion of fire spread ! terminator grab t-1g and throw she hard into the rock wall . t-1g run up the wall , backflip off and come down on top of terminator with a violent kick . smash ! terminator stumble back . he pick up the ninja and launch it at T - 1g . t-1g catch the bike like she be throw a ball , toss back at terminator . terminator duck as the bike impact the wall . t-1g run at terminator . smash ! the rock wall of the tunnel cave as the two machine battle it out . terminator drive he fist into she repeatedly . but he fist move through she as she form turn to static energy . it 's as if terminator be battle a ghost . in this mode , t-1g can not be injure , nor can she injure . terminator swing he arm through the static energy gas , but with no effect . t-1g turn into a static fog , then disappear . where would she go ? John look around confuse . he watch terminator search the area , equally as baffle . terminator turn cold eye upon John and level he .45 . John wince , ready to die . bam ! bam ! bam ! but the bullet never reach John ; they seem to have hit a invisible barrier half way . terminator examine the compact bullet which appear to be stick in mid-air . MK gv gs pi with with minator react as the background become '' foreground . = 7 vi sh 's i 2 i y . make she virtually invisible . 7 ig step into terminator and whack ! xick the giant across face . terminator stumble back . 7 - 16 disappear again . terminator once again search for he enemy . john' Pov . he see t-1g stand directly between he and terminator . terminator see John , but not t-1g . terminator Pov . his vision change to infrare . no avail . his vision change to sonar . t-1g be see ! _ sonar Pov . the outline figure of t-1g racing toward terminator ! whack ! whack ! whack ! John watch t-1g go ballistic , kick the shit out of terminator . the cyborg do not stand a chance against the superior machine . t-1g pick up terminator and throw he hard into a steel support beam . the support beam collapse . a tsunami of dirt and rock impact terminator as the roof cave in . completely bury he . the roof continue cave in , threaten John 's life . t-1g grab John and carry he away from the danger zone . finally , the avalanche stop . t-1g turn and examine the ccave - in . terminator be bury in forty foot of dirt 's and rock . . - John , shake up and adrenaline pump , turn to T - 16 . JOHN where 's Anna ?! t-1 g6 terminate . John sink down into a crouch position , stare blankly at the ground , eye water . he shake he head , struggle with the harsh reality . the sound of a subway train echoe in the distance . t-1g take John 's hand . to @ po ps MK '' ) - it ' cont 's 2 ) come on . no pull away , emotionally upset . John sink to the round , emotionaliy destroy . JOHN Jesus ... Anna ....no , nooqco ! ' ohn sink down , tear streaking down he face . t- 16 we have to hurry , John . we can not do this now . 7-1g offer John she hand . int . subway train 7-1g and John take a seat near the back . John suffer from the loss of Anna , stare blankly at the floor with tear - stain eye . several gangbanger leer lustfully at T - 1g . JOHN I do not understand . why would he kill she ? t-1g Anna be important to the resistance . and to you . John wipe he eye , struggle with he emotion . t-1g turn to John with a hint of compassion . t-1g ( cont ’d ) I be sorry ... : John take a deep breath , fight to pull himself together . JOHN '' no oo why have you take on she likeness ? é t-1g ° . I know you would mourn she death . give the immediate circumstance , there be no time for that . cohn glance at 7t - ig , study she . oi g9 po do JOHN so lemme guess , I send you from the future to protect I . t-1g ( nod ) twenty - five year from now . MK vy schn hard for I co imagine I be able to capture and re-program you . t-1 g6 I can not be capture I can not be be - program . 1 conn be baffle . i t-1g ( cont 's bd ) you soldier storm cyberdyne 's main factory . you programe the facility to build I to you own specification . but not all of it make sense . johrn I do not get it , why the chase ? why have you run from the terminator when you have no problem kick the shit out of it ? t-1g I have to assume it be a advanced prototype . JOHN like you ? t-1g not like I . I be the only one of my type . JOHN and what type be that ? _ T - 16 oo , - cyberdyne system 's most elite model , t-1g . : . " JOHN so what be you , liquid metal ? t-1 g6 sentient frequency matter . sohn what 's that ? t-1g trillion of molecular engineered particle which can take on any physical form . 61 @ pod MK eer ore oor be wwe > 36 . JOHN so you can basically make yourself into anything you want . t-16 within certain limit . JOHN human ? t-1g ( hold out she hand ) touch I . John reach out and feel she skin . Soft , warm , seemingly auman . JOHN I can not tell the difference . t-1g a surgeon could not . nexamine John ) you be frighten . JOHN ( deep breath ) I be just not use to be second on the evolutionary scale . . int . undeveloped subway tunnel the heaping pile of dirt and rock separate as terminator 's tear hand spear through . CUT to :. ext . CITY STREET - night t-1g yank open the door of a sedan . t-1g there 's nothing Sarah connor can do to help we . get in . . 2 my mom ... I ' should call she . q 3 = od int . sedan - drive - night t-1g crank the steering wheel . the sedan skid across the freeway in front of traffic , near-collision leave and right . JOHN I think the idea be to keep I alive . MK 37 . that 's naif cohn what 's the cther hal£ ? t-ig in forty - three minute , skynet gain consciousness . vohn 's blood ice . JOHN forty - three minute ? it 's go to take that long to get there ! t-1g race past traffic , weaving in and out of car . she crank the steering wheel and speed down a exit . JOHN ( cont 's D ) wrong exit ! where be you go ? t-1g to you computer lab . datasafe . JOHN why ? t- 16 you recently create a program which have sentient quality . self -write software . semi-conscious . it crash mainframe . JOHN icebreaker . t-1g Excuse I ? JOHN the name of the program . t-1 g6 we be go to use icebreaker to crash skynet . JOHN crash skynet ? t-1g crank the wheel , skid past car . '' '' po ps 38 . sohn ( cont 'd ) you be talk about busting down a billion dollar computer platform that 's artificially intelligent . Little out of my league here . T - 16 just before skynet become aware , it will go through a period of disorientation . during then , it 's vulnerable . - vohn see a glimmer of hope . JOHN how long 's this period of time ? t-1g eight , possibly nine second . int . JOHN connor 's real house - night Sarah and she team of mercenary search the place for John who 's nowhere to be find . Sarah pet John 's german shepherd , bandita , calming the animal . sarah hi , girl , where 's John ? Sarah leave bandita and continue to search the house . she find the fax page of cyberdyne system . search John 's desk and find a business card which read : datasafe . Technology risk assessment . John kaplin , president . Sarah note the address . . ' ext . { office build - night this modest two story structure be locate near lax airport . large jumbo jet occasionally roar overhead . the sedan skid to a stop . John and t-1g hustle out of the car . int . datasafe 2 2 3 5 MK cohn and t-1g exit a eievator whicn lead into the large warehouse . John unlock the glass security door and punch in the alarm code . John hit the master switch and power up the entire computer network . t-1g stand behind John as he seat himself before the main terminal . John focus on the large-screen monitor . y 39 . JOHN take a minute for the system to power up . t-1g lift she nead as the obnoxious roar of a 747 pass cverhead , rattling the window . JOHN ( cont 's D ) May not be the quietest building in the world , but the rent 's cheap . 7-1g give John a warm smile . JOHN ( cont 'd ) let I ask you something . how do you disappear like that ? by change yourself molecularly into air ? how ? t-1g - that would make I ineffective in battle . re-molecularzation take time . JOHN so what do you do ? t-1g disappear before John . John react curiously . t- 16 I project what 's behind I , onto my body . t-1g move to John 's other side . what she have project onto she body now clash with the background and make she stand out like a sore thumb . 2 JOHN whoa ... John watch t-1g return to she default ' mode : the : computer ' beep as the system go online . : t-1 g6 you be online . JOHN ( snap out of awe ) yeah . right . John wipe the cold sweat from he brow , take a deep breath . t-1g relax , John . JOHN I get a nine second window to save three billion life , it 's a little hard to . 40 . on the monitor . John 's company logo appear . 2 atasafe . vyonhn 's finger dance across the keyooard as he log onto cyberdyne system . JOHN ( cont ‘d ) how 's be we do on time ? t-ig come up on we window in a minute and a half . JOHN ( shaking he head ) let 's just hope they have not change the code . cyberdyne 's dazzle logo appear . then a warning flash . cyberdyne computer ( vo ) unauthorized admittance , please enter master combination . JOHN shit ! the code 's twenty -digit . Alpha - numeric . it take icebreaker five minute to decipher it . we be screw . t-1g lean over John and type into the keyboard , finger blaze . cyberdyne computer ( vo ) access grant . welcome to cyberdyne system . John look up at T - 1g , amaze . T - 16 . that much I know . the rest be up to . you ~ John feverishly go back to work . on monitor . icebreaker 's 3 - D graphic lay on top of cyberdyne 's menu . John click on one of icebreaker 's option . JOHN run full crash . '' & bps I John hit the enter key . he stare at the computer screen , anxious , nervous . JOHN ( cont ’d ) all we can do now be hope and wait . MK 41 . be neck hn stretch he back , take a anxious oreath . ces she hand on John 's snoulder ana cive he od t-i¢ how 's that feei ? JOHN | ( slightly uncomficrcable ) not bad . ' vohn focus on the monitor , surprised by wnat he see . JOHN ( cont ’d ) that be fast . t-1g what ? JOHN it get right past the inner firewall and into the core . you be right , the system be weak . Dazzling computer graphic visually show cyberdyne 's central nervous system . the core . JOHN ( cont ’d ) data be be corrupt . it 's work . John , electric , type into he keyboard , but he computer be lock . JOHN ( cont ’d ) I be freeze . shit . John fight to remedy the situation . -- JOHN ( cont ? D ) - something 's wrong . this should not be happen . : t-1g what 's the problem ? JOHN I be lose byte . < =t 's downioade my entire network ! I have to abort . John 's jaw fall agape as he body convulse with a deadly dose of amperage . t-1g you 's be terminate . ot g9 poh : MK 42 . ¥a-blam ! t-ig be blow back , she hand sparking with electrical current . Zonn fall to the ground , still choke from the electrical dose . Sarah connor march toward t-1g with she two hk g-3e . she revel they at t-1g and fire a constant stream of ammo . Sarah 's mercenary back she up . explode a barrage of gunfire ac t- 1g . ?- 1g 's body contort hideously as she stumble back from the constant onslaught . each bullet create long spinule exit hole . Sarah empty both ammo belt , during the brief pause , she quickly turn to John . sarah get out of here ! Sarah reach behind she back for a .50 caliber sniper rifle , level it at T - 1g . but before she can squeeze off a shot ... T - 1g 's body turn to a electrical gas . and in this ghost - like form , the bullet have little effect . t-1g then disappear into thin air . Sarah and the mercenary search the area , confuse as hell . mercenary # 1 , carry a rocket launcher , be cut across the throat . the soldier stumble to the ground , dead . mercenary # 2 be knock t ten foot into 's the wall . . crash ! : mercenary '' where the fuck be iti ? mercenary # 4 be kick off he foot , neck break . mercenary # 3 fire wildly , scream in fear . he suddenly stop , drop he weapon and fall to the floor , a gape hole in he back . the remain mercenary open fire and spray the entire room . during this , two more mercenary be cut down . John grab Sarah and pull she back . JOHN you can not win , come on ! Sarah explode shot randomly . '' G pm MK 43 . 77s , see for a split second , disappear . saran , ' freax , - #veis the .50 caliber , oump off a barrage of gunfire . run react as one of she bullet seem to nave stop in m . id - air . t- 1g 's camoufiaged form be partiaily reveal as he background which she project on she body be not perfectly match to perspective . saran click she .50 caliber to a empty chamber . while she siap in a full clip , T - 1g 's partially camouflage form again 22 . sappear . shack ! Sarah be kick in the chest . she fly back hard nto the elevator door , dislocate she shoulder . John rush to she side . 7 - ig make herself appear as she march toward John and sa arah . sing ! the elevator door open . t-1g look up at ... terminator ! he hold a .40 mm hk69 grenade launcher . terminator get down . terminator fire a grenade which impale T - 1g 's chest . explosion ! t- 1g be blow back from the violent force . she tumble across the floor , she body vaporize into streak of sizzling light . the light pour back into itself and reform T - 1g , return she to default mode . t-1g jump up onto the ceiling , stick to it like a spider . she jump down , grab hold of the rocket launcher . terminator fire another grenade ... . explosion ! t- 1g , . carry the rocket_ ' launcher , :- be blow through : thi window ... " crash ! . , Glass everywhere ! | . : terminator look down at John , offer a hand . terminator ( cont ! D ) come with I if you want to live . John be beyond confuse . be not this the bad guy ? no time to figure this out now . he grab hold of terminator 's hand , zamp to he foot , nusty to Sarah wno struggle to ignore che pain of she dislocate shoulder . '' '' py po Sarah grab one of the hk g-3e with she right ( good ) arm . slap in a new belt of ammo , wrap the belt around the same arm . sohn grab the .50 caliber sniper rifle . the three be now heavily armed and ready for action . MK '' y 44 . ext . office build - entrance t-1g return to she default mode . she focus on the rocket sauncher several foot from ner . she pick up the weapon . int . office build terminator peer through the window and watch t-1g aim the rocket launcher right up at he . terminator run . John and Sarah do what they be tell . ext . office build t-1g pause fire when something fill she ear . she turn and focus on a approach 747 , landing gear down , on final approach . t-1g shift aim and fire a rocket at the jumbo jet ! ext . 747 the rocket impact the 747 's wing . explosion ! the fiery 747 barrel - roll out of the sky , head straight for the office building . int . office build terminator , John and Sarah exit through the side of the building when they see the massive jumbo jet hurtle straight for they . sarah run ! terminator hustle up to a manhole ' cover , rip off the -lid . . terminator get in . Sarah and John hurry to do just that . slow motion as the 747 's fiery carnage bounce into the parking lot where terminator , John and Sarah be second earlier . gi gd ho ho smash ! a massive explosion as the Office Building where John once work be crushed by the hurtle fuselage . MK 35 . int . sewer terminator , John , and Sarah , wade as fast as they can through the two foot deep sewer water . chunks of concrete raining down onto they head . ' ike St. elmo 's Fire , a ball of flame rush toward they . terminator get down . jona and Sarah dive into the water which be bareiy deep enough to cover they body . swoooosh ! the firestorm slaze over they head . CUT to : ext . STREET - night traffic be back up . crowd of pedestrian stand outside of they car . some cry from the horrific tragedy ; other stand catatonic , stare at the 747 crash site . high -pressure water shoot out of a fire hydrant and dowse the flame , clear a path for terminator , John and Sarah as they emerge from the manhole . terminator 's eye target a custom motor home . int . motor home a mother and daughter back against the rear wall as a gruesome terminator rip off the door and enter . he be still smolder , large portion of endoskeleton expose beyond char clone flesh . terminator get out . . : what a good idea ! the mother and daughter , .in a state of panic , squeeze past terminator as fast as they nerve can propel they . the father , behind the wheel , approach terminator , in a state of shock from the horrific 747 crash . father ' what the hell be this !? the Father go limp at the sight of terminator . John and Sarah enter with they heavy artillery weapon . terminator you stay . MK '' G DS wo 46 . ext . twisted 747 aftermath a victim of the wreckage focus on a angelic burst of colorful light . t-1g appear -- be this the virgin Mary ? the victim reach out for what she assume be she savior anil t-1g step on the victim 's neck and coidly stride on , ire illuminate she perfect body . int . motor home ~ drive - night vohn peer out the back window , search for the T -1g . the coast appear to be clear . John turn back to terminator . JOHN you kick ass back there . terminator I know . Sarah let out a grunt , cring from the agony of she dislocate shoulder . terminator approach Sarah , examine she . terminator Pov . the dislocation be clearly see . crack ! re-sets the shoulder . Sarah let out a sharp scream . up front the Driver wince from the scream , scared shitless . while drive , he eye fall on a cellphone . back cabin JOHN how many model like you have be send back ? terminator just I . John take a closer look at terminator . he can see the cyborg 's human flesh slowly repair itself , return clone tissue and endoskeleton to new . JOHN ' fou be heal . gil gd po wo terminator I be cyberdyne system model t-201 . upgrade self - regenerate capability . JOHN you be try to kill I . MK 47 . terminator = be prcgrammed to stop you . JOHN by who ? terminator | you . twenty - five year from now . JOHN what ? sarah wait a minute , you be say that John send you back through time to terminate himself ? terminator not terminate ... stop . injury be a - acceptable risk . JOHN stop I ? from do what ? terminator cyberdyne system be unsuccessful in make skynet conscious . the program lack one thing . a sense of mortality . JOHN whadaya mean , mortality ? terminator skynet could not know life , until it be threaten with death . that 's what you program teach it . . . JOHN . - you be tell I , when I try ‘to crash skynet , I bring the damn thing to life ?! terminator yes . John 's blood turn to ice . sarah skynet 's alive ... Jesus ... Sarah grab John . ©u G ps po MK sarah ( cont 's D ) why do not you tisten to I ! you have a obligation , goddammit ! ' fou shouid 's have listened to I ! JOHN how be I suppose to know that -- sarah Three billion iife , John ! Three billion human life ! JOHN we can still stop it ! terminator skynet be already in control of several nuclear platform . War be imminent . Sarah take that like a knife in the heart . sarah we do not have any other option . {to John ) keeping you alive 's we only chance now . ( to terminator ) I have be stock pile supplies in a cave deep inside mount chaffney . terminator mount chaffney be where John conner emerge after the nuclear fire . ' there be no ' fate but what I make . - that be you word , remember ? _ sarah it 's over , John . John refuse to believe it . ext . STREET - pay phone frantically speak into the phone be the wife of the motor Home Driver , she daughter hugging tightly to she waist . gi gs po ho - 49 . mom ( hystericaii i '' tell you , I be sure they have something to do with the crash , they be heavily armed . yes , heavily armed . please be careful , they have my husband ! ext . motor home the vehicle speed down the freeway . int . motor home - back cabin John sit in anguish . terminator stand in the center of the cabin , ready for attack , weapon tight in he grip . Sarah study John 's pain ; something she 's familiar with . sarah I be sorry about Anna . John nod , eye adrift . sarah ( cont 'd ) I know what you be go through . I know how hard it be to lose someone . but you have to put it behind you . John look directly into Sarah 's eye . they now have something in common besides blood . John look up at terminator . JOHN why Anna ? terminator _. the t-1g 's high probability for success be to ' get close to you pose as you girlfriend , '' . - John look off , torture . terminator ( cont 'd ) you be now target for termination . the t-1g will not stop until -- JOHN -~ it complete its mission , yeah I know the drill . sarah I set a trap back at the compound . a vat of molten metai . the t-1g fall right smack into it -- GI ) g9 DS po MK jchn ~~ and right smack out . terminator the t-ig be skynet 's most elite model . compose of sentient frequency matter . tt can not be melt , freeze or blow - up . JOHN how do we kill it ? can we kill it ? terminator unknown . CUT to : ext . cheyenne mountain complex - norad - night establish . int . norad - command CENTER giant screen display map of the world , via satellite . perched before terminal which access the mainframe be Naval tech . one of the tech be alarmed by what he see . he check the data on he computer screen to be sure . he rip off a print sheet and hurry to exit the room . int . norad - cafeteria the tech hustle up to a Naval Captain , the command director who 's in the middle of eat . tech sorry to interrupt , Sir , but you might want to take a look at this . the Command director examine the print sheet . the tech give the Command director a smirk . tech ( cont ’d ) it 's a drill , right ? the Command director 's face turn to stone . command director get I General Wade . the tech react , this be no drill . CUT to : gi gs hn so MK — -— -- ie =nt . camp david ~ president 's bedroom - night the president be awaken by a man in a suit . suit Mr. President . int . hallway the President button he shirt as he stride down the hall . he 's meet by one of he joint chief of staff who keep pace . president what 's go on ? joint chief of staff one of we ohio-class sub have be put on silent run and be poise for ballistic assault . they be too deep to —- establish any kind of contact . the President turn to he executive secretary . president have we hear from Matt ribberdy ? executive secretary no yet , sir . presdent get he . and I need coffee . int . camp david - media room the President , sip coffee , sit before a video conference network . display via teleconference . be matt ribberdy . he sit inside a command and control ; ' enter , - location . unknown . :* president ° . ' Matt , what 's go on . down there ? matt hack , sir . we command and control database be be access . the President react to what may be consider a act of war . matt ( cont 'd ) Sir , every firewall 's fall like tinder stick . none of we counter - measure have be successful . I highly suggest we place a uncorrupt copy in we Green River complex . 1 need 200 terabyte of core freed up and full access to the cyber cellar . ov pn ._ MK ~~ 6 ( be the Secretary of Defense be see on another monitor . secretary of defense . Mr. President , we can not just open we most secure facility and allow a database wnich might very well be corrupt -- matt the copy be uncorrupt , sir . the President be anguish , cold sweat lining he brow . matt ( cont 'd ) Sir , we have to erase the core before anymore information be access . and we can not do that until we have a secure copy in place . president free up two hundred terabyte of core . secretary of defense . Mr. President -- the President shoot the Secretary of Defense a hard look . CUT to : ext . gas station / mini mall - night terminator refuel the motor Home when another customer on the opposite side of the gas pump curse the credit card Machine in frustration . the customer look up at terminator . customer this goddam ' stupid | machine | ' they 's be . allicrap ! . for terminator shoot the '' gisgrunty customer a death look as the man stride toward the attendant window . int . motor home John walk up and sit in the passenger seat , turn to the Driver who be obviously petrify . JOHN howya do ? ( no reply ) look , we have no intention of hurt you . the Driver be incredulous . MK gi G po ho JOHN ' cont 'd ) ' get back to you family . spend as much - time with they as you possibly can , okay ? go ahead . tne Driver , at first somewhat reluctant , open the door and exit quickly and quietly . 3ack cabin vohn approach Sarah as terminator enter . terminator both tank be full . JOHN I be not do this . I be not run off so I can hide in a mountain somewhere . sarah how long before skynet launch ? terminator a U.S. trident submarine launch the first warhead at San Francisco in eighty - two minute . { '' Sarah shake she head , devastate . co JOHN what if we destroy cyberdyne ? I mean nuke the place completely . terminator negative . skynet have anticipate that , and be downloading itself into a protect environment . once safe , it will launch 's globally . two hour after San Francisco be destroy . - JOHN there 's have to be someway to stop this . John storm out of the motor Home . ext . mini mall - night gi @ po po John walk past the store , suffer with guilt . JOHN think , John , think ... . through the storefront window , John spy on a Father and Son (! be playful . MK 54 . a erminator approach . sohn ( cont 'd ) T can not do it . terminator why ? JOHN because I make mistake . too many mistake . I let myself get set up . ( beat ) people be suppose to believe in I ? trust I ? why should they ? terminator you be a effective leader . John shake he head , unable to hear the word . JOHN I be responsible for the great cataclysmic event man will ever know ! and I be suppose to live in a mountain while city burn to a crisp ? no way . ( beat ) '' I send you back through time to stop I , eo another mistake ... you should blow I '' away . John walk off . terminator grab John and hurl he into some trash can . crash ! JOHN ( cont 's D ) what the hell ! terminator pick up do against he temple . . with one hand a JOHN . ( cont ? D ) ~ a what be you do ?! stop ! it 's I , connor ! 7 ( terminator cock the pistol ) leader of the resistance ! terminator pause , uncock the pistol and withdraw it from schn 's head . > 2 3 5 MK terminator then start act like he . Point make . John wipe the blood from he lip . t ! : JOHN what would T , do ? Program you to kick my ass if T start act like a coward ? : terminator '' baby . '' ; the word you use . jdhn extend he hand . | JOHN give I '' hand , rminator pull John half way up ... let go . John crash ck down . oh JOHN ( cont ? D ) thanks ! ; | terminator ( walk off ) no problemo . hn get to he foot and catch up with terminator who ride toward the : motor home . il JOHN '' no probilemo ? ? '' sound familiar , I teach of to say that in the future ? i ag | ' terminator among ee thing . JOHN like = . terminator v» you program - me.to push you to - you ..- + full pot tial ... - keep you alert . JOHN | not you mean give I shit . be that what you 's ce aeily say ? j ; terminator it 's " you work best . JOHN great ... just what T need . a terminator with attitude . ( shrug ) well at ' least you have some personality . | ' terminator ' one of we have to . 56 . sohn stop in he track , realize chis reiationship might ce nell . int . motor home Sarah open the door as John enter , dishevel , blood under ais nose . terminator trail . sarah what the hell happen ? terminator we have a nice talk . Sarah react as John wrap some ice in a towel and hold it against he cheek , a little cautious of terminator . JOHN you say skynet download itself into a protect environment ... where ? terminator Green River Launch complex . Utah . sarah Green River ? JOHN it 's the new Area 51 . place be a goddam fortress . with he free hand , John pick up a cellphone and dial . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) District of -columbia ... the ' Central Intelligence Agency please ..: °° " sarah John !?. JOHN we can 's t do this alone . sarah you think you can convince they ? you will be stick in red tape hell . I have deal with this shit , you have not . ot G do ino John stubbornly remain on the line . terminator grab the phone from John and smashes it in he grip . John , confuse , face terminator . MK 57 . JOHN ee what , I program you not to listen to ' 8 I too ? terminato ! only when you survilval be at risk . sarah | John , we can not win this right now . JOHN my gut tell I we can ! if I can not trust my gut , how the hell be I suppose to make a decision in the future ? terminator lift he head as he hear something . terminator helicopter . approach from the - Northwest . John and Sarah listen , hear nothing . terminator move to the window , look out . terminator Pov . telescop nightvision reveal a army of chopper approach . searchlight aim down at the mobile Home . terminator ( cont 's D ) they 's be target we . sarah ( peer out the window ) they think we down the jet . the chopper be now audible to human ear . . terminator grab a .50 caliber sniper rifle . . . oe JOHN fee unless you want a bloodbath , there 's only one way out of this .. Sarah pause , struggle with what will be the biggest decision of she life . sarah they will not listen . JOHN they 's 11 have to . {to terminator ) you know how to surrender ? C 61 dd '' MK ' terminator surrender be not one of my mission parameter . JOHN it be now . vut you hand above you head . terminator reluctantly do as he 's tell . terminator how do I look ? John examine terminator who look more than awkward . JOHN surrender be not you . int . helicopter - above - night the copilot aim a nightsun spotlight down at the motor Home , illuminate John , Sarah and terminator as they exit the vehicle . pilot charley base , seven six uniform . have terrorist in sight . radio ( vo ) subject be heavily armed . use extreme caution , ext . field beside mini mall - night torrent wind blast dirt into the air as a squadron of helicopter perform steep approach . upon landing , armed swat , police and '' FBI , exit with weapon levele . they stealthily storm the ' motor Home with train precision . : John , Sarah and terminator stand beside the motor Home , hand in the air , wind blast they face . terminator Pov . a digitize scan of the approach swat soldier . each of they weapon be identify ; they line of fire calculate . terminator shove John back behind he body to protect he . terminator this be tactically dangerous . g1 '' ps p MK sohn just stick with the plan and we ' 1l : i be fine . terminator Pov . highly sensitive ear hear everything . weapon cock , bullet be load . safeties be release . police megaphone Drop you weapon ! sarah we be unarm ! we surrender ! John look down and see a pistol tuck in terminator 's front belt . JOHN shit ! lose the gun . - swat Pov . the task force react as terminator reach into he belt to discard he .45 . swat # 1 gun ! all hell break loose . terminator quickly pull John into he chest and turn he back to the gunfire . Sarah dive and roll beneath the motor Home , narrowly escape the onslaught . swat sergeant ( into radio ) cease fire ! the shoot stop . . the swat soldier rush John and terminator , gun levele .:.. ) ' ees '' behind motor home '' a team of swat soldier storm Sarah , m4 levele . sarah what part of '' we surrender '' do not you fuck understand ? CUT to : 2 2 3 5 MK title card : GREEN river launch complex , utah + 60 . int . command and control CENTER - corridor large plasma monitor with project map of North America . High - tech terminal , etc ... Chief programmer -- matt ribberdy ~- be approach by he assistant . we recognize Matt from the presidential teleconference call earlier . we note that he iook a little different -- heavier , longer hair , etc ... assistant Mr. ribberdy , the President 's on teleconference . int . matt ribberdy's office Matt take a seat behind he desk and face he computer . a few click of he mouse and the President be see on a teleconference monitor . matt Mr. President . int . camp david - media room the President face the teleconference monitor and find Matt ribberdy . president I want a update . intercut : matt a update ? on what , sir ? president the download . matt / . . I be not inform of any download . - : president I just get off the phone with you . Matt tense . matt not I , sir . the President react . CUT to : o1 9d ... 61 . =xt . GREEN river launch complex , utah this experimental weapon test area be surround by dusty desert plain , hill and a deep canyon gorge . High -voltage tazor - wire surround a ten mile perimeter , at the center be a series of massive government hangar . int . cyber cellar - low light a state -of- the-art vault which house the nation 's large computer data base and defense platform . thick titanium plast door insure that even in a nuclear event , the computer system would remain fully operational . robotic arm mount to a track on the ceiling control the load and unload of data . it 's a fully automated system with little to no need for human intervention . inside the cellar be fifty large computer tower . - display on the face of each tower be monitor , each display . Dazzling graphic which clearly illustrate the progress of the 200 terabyte download . int . cyber cellar - control booth occupy the room be two computer tech . each with they own terminal . while the tech bullshit back and forth , ribberdy storm the booth in a panic . ribberdy how many terabyte have transfer ? tech # 1 47 . ribberdy cancel the load ! _ lo .- . the tech jump to action . tech # 1 type into he computer , but get no . response . tech # 1 I be lock out . ribberdy 's expression turn alabaster white . CUT to : title card : FBI headquarters . L.A. regional office ext . BRADLEY build - night two blackhawk helicopter touch down onto twin helipad perch on the roof of the building . gi gs ps po MK X , 62 . = team of armed swat soldier rush the chopper . John and Sarah exit , nand and foot shackle . tne swat soldier . rush past they and approach the second blackhawk chopper . they step inside and find more soldier guard terminator who wear a shackle vest make of thick titanium . two massive titanium ankle-mount limit he walk to short step . terminator meet up with John and Sarah as they be escort toward a await freight elevator . terminator turn privately to John . terminator I could effectively terminate this soldier . we could be in safe ground in a hour and twenty minute . JOHN we be not kill anybody . just stick with the plan . terminator what plan ? sarah oturn to John ) what 's with the attitude ? JOHN tt program he that way . to keep I on my toe . sarah Jesus Christ . ' the freight elevator door open . int . corridor c the swat soldier stop as they come to a steel vault door . 2 they unlock the door and motion for terminator to enter . Da soldier {to terminator ) 3 you , in here . — 5 the other Soldiers motion for John and Sarah to continue down the corridor . JOHN ( privately to terminator ) stay cool , alright ? they 's be gonna want to examine you . show ‘em what they want to see . MK . 33 . & swat soldier annoyingly jab terminator in the back with a m4 . terminator turn , snap the titanium craceiet from he wrist ( like they be calsa wood ) and grab the m4 with lighten speed . the other swat soldier aim thedr weapon at terminator . ! swat i Drop the gun ! Drop it now ! terminator break the m4 in half . Drop the piece at the soldier foot . Point make , he enter the nold tank . on he term . CUT to : int . interrogation room '' the BOX '' = low light this maximum security facility be line with steel wall . a table and two chair be weld to the floor . the shackle Sarah wear be bolt to the wall behind she . tape to she neck , wrist and other area of she body be tiny sensor . special camera and state- of - the- art detection equipment monitor physiological response . in charge of the question be a agent wear a baseball cap , jeans , boot -- slight Virginia drawl . he be mike roland . also present be two armed guard . roland Sarah , another cigarette ? roland remove a pack of marlboros from he pocket , light one up and place it between Sarah 's lip . roland ( cont ’d ) why . do not you tell I - who : you work for - again ? . - ~ sarah I have answer that question . roland my memory be not so good . sarah then play it back on one of you fuck recorder . int . the BOX # 2 - JOHN John be in a similar situation except the agent question he be tim lawson . Dark eye , dark suit . MK '' @ ps ps y lawson loak , we know about genetic amplification . not just strength sut the ability to neal rapidly . body armor surgically implant beneath the skin . that sort of stuff . we also know China 's fund more than a quarter billion ys in this type of research . sohn you guy be way off the map . roland well , we be not always on top of we game over here . JOHN I tell you what he be ! listen to I ! while we sit here waste we time , a icbm be minute from be launch ! lawson you 's have make that point clear . what do you suggest ? we evacuate San Francisco ? JOHN it 's gonna come from one of we own sub . we can stop it but -- lawson one of we own sub ?? int . holding tank - low light terminator stand in the middle of a barren titanium tank , ultra thick carbon cable attach to a.single industrial - size eye-bolt in the center -of.the :floor .*:. a red : laser light scan terminator 's < body in a circular : motion ; examine every '' . square inch of he . '' on one of the wall be a two - way mirror , protect by thick titanium bar . terminator Pov . terminator change vision so that can see through the two - way mirror . Inside he see and hear two agent , one of which be discuss he on the phone . agent # 1 it 's definitely he . from ' 84 and ' 91 , yeah ... oo road MK e 65 . int . BOX # 1 - sarah roland could you explain how this man survive enough armor pierce round to cut a tank in half ? how he snap a machine gun like a twig , and why he can not be tranquilize ? roland slide a 8x10 photo toward John and Sarah . the picture show terminator with expose endoskeleton beneath nis cheek . sarah you ' be so over you head . int . observation room terminator be see through the observation glass . for aigh -tech equipment spit out endless data as terminator be examine from head to toe . agent # 1 ( into phone ) no ...he do not respond , we try that . as agent # 1 pace back and forth , countless photo of terminator , pin to the wall , be visible -- picture of terminator from the first two film , some blow - up photo show terminator with patch of expose endoskeleton . agent # 1 ( cont ’d ) listen to I , Beth , I be stare at a live fuck phenomenon here ... no , we nre wait on x-ray now . ( frustrated ) well what the hell do you expect ' I to do ? I can not just ask the . man to remove he skin ! int . holding tank terminator easily break free of the shackle vest . he grab one of the injection dart , yank it from he skin . he snap off half the needle and jab it into the base of he head . use the break needle , terminator slice open the back of ais scalp ... int . observation room agent # 1 drop the phone from he flaccid grip when he see terminator slice open the back of he head . agent # 2 react in the same fashion . gt gs ip wo MK . one soldier actually piss he pants . 's 66 . int . holding tank have cut a perfect iine from the base of he neck to the top of he cranium , terminator then jab the break needle into the front of he neck . int . observation room agent # 1 hit a intercom button . agent # 1 we get a problem . int . corridor armed soldier hurry through . int . holding tank terminator finish slice a perfect circle around the circumference of he neck . he then place he hand upon he ear and shove upwards . the Soldiers enter with they weapon ready . they find terminator with he back turn . we hear the sticky sound of flesh and musculature separate . terminator pull off he face like a Halloween mask . the Soldiers be horrify at the sight of a metal cranium . after remove the human mask , terminator turn to the soldier , revealing he true endoskeleton head . Red eye glow . steel jawline . traces of blood bead against shiny armored steel . a int . observation room agent # 3 enter with a stack of X - Ray , oblivious . too consume by he own finding . agent # 3 someone tell I this be a joke . agent # 3 slap down X - Ray onto a iiluminated table . tt i ' i + pneumatic pump , maze of optical circuitry . fierce battle armor . agent # 3 notice the other agent gawk through the observation glass at terminator . he take a gander for himself . MK '' gd ws in 67 . agent # 3 ( cont' jes - we fuck Christ . CUT to : ext . mini mall - night the motor Home be hoist back onto its wheel by a portable crane . a handful of officer and FBI man examine the remnant of the crime scene . low angle on black gucci boot . camera rise to find t-1g surveying the area . t-1g approach a FBI photographer take picture . t-1g I be with the Times , can I ask you a few question ? FBI photographer no comment . T - 1g 's Pov as she focus on FBI photographer 's brain , where she decipher ... neuro-electric activity : among the cluttere thought and image , subconscious dialogue overlap : '' she 's beautiful . who be she ? hide my wedding ring . '' the FBI photographer discreetly hide he wedding ring by way of hold the camera . t-1g just tell I where they take the terrorist . . neuro-electric activity : ' among surreal image - we : hear chaotic subconscious dialogue : '' I :do not know where they be take . I just take picture . I be in the dark . take off my glass . get she number . '' FBI photographer ( remove glass ) I can not tell you that . t-16 who would know where the terrorist be take ? ©1 @ wo ho neuro-electric activity : image of another FBI agent be see . a heavy - set , bald man . we hear he name : agent perril . subconscious dialogue overlap ... '' what 's she name ? get she number . what network be you with ? '' MK FBI photographer what network be you with ? t-1g turn and focus cn agent perril who sit inside a nondescript car , speak on a cellphone . 7 - 1g walk off with no reply . ext . FBI car agent perril hang up he cellphone and find t-1g stand over nim with a big smiie . t-1g Mr. perril , where do they take the terrorist ? neuro-electric activity : '' how do she know my name ? who be she ? very pretty . I be happily marry . I hope she 's not n.s.a . '' FBI agent # 2 who be you ? t-1g n.s.a . where be the terrorist take ? neuro-electric activity : image of a building in the of industrial downtown part of Los Angeles . the Bradley Building , 1200 grant Ave . subconscious dialogue be hear : '' what 's the n.s.a. want with this ? I do not believe she . '' perril can I see some identification ? -1g reach : rril 's : chest . t-1g Pov . Internal organ . be see . perril 's heart . a bolt of electricity make it beat too fast , then stop . t-1g ( cont 's D ) help , this man 's have a heart attack ! help ! paralyze , grasp he chest , perril stumble to the ground , choke for air . Police and fed quickly rush to he aid . '' gs po CUT to : MK aad & '' int . '' holding tank ~ 63 . int . the BOX # 2 - cokn lawson obviously there 's , technology out there we be not aware of . - question be , where do it come from ? JOHN not where . when . ' iawson we be crossing over into relativity now , time travel ? JOHN listen to I . we own defense computer be be re-programmed and turn against we . there will be a apocalyptic war early this morning unless -- John look up at a clock on the wall . JOHN ( cont 's D ) we be too iate ... int . the BOX # 1 - sarah roland snap he finger before Sarah 's eye . roland hello ? Earth to Sarah . Sarah ? sarah.stare blankly at the clock on the wall . : ' sarah . ( emotional ) . ' jealge God , help they ... wey terminator remain . where we leave he . terminator Pov . computerize data show a countdown . 5...64...63.0 - terminator lower he head in what appear to be remorse . cut to : ext . pacific ocean - night all be silent ... until a icbm suddenly break the surface of the sea and rocket into the night . CUT to : 2 2 3 5 MK ‘y ext . garedelli square ~ night int . camp david - night tne President be in the middle of a intense discussion with he staff when a image appear on one of the teleconference monitor : Matt ribberdy . skynet / ribberdy San Francisco be a warning ... president who be you ? you be not Matt ribberdy . the date image of Matt ribberdy morph into a current image of the President . skynet / president make no attempt to disengage I . CUT to : ext . the night sky the icbm rocket at over two thousand mile a hour , in the distance ... San Francisco . CUT to : ext . san francisco - union square - night pedestrian window shop . ext . sport bar - night customer cheer as they watch a game on tv . Children eat ice cream . . : - . CUT to : ext . above san francisco - night the nuclear warhead descend toward San Francisco from 5,000 foot . a flash of white ! the sky explode ! a enormous burst of heat combust and swirl in a massive mushroom cloud . the shockwave begin its deadly path of destruction . ext . golden gate bridge - night the night turn from black to the brightest daylight . the blast wave hit , turn all in its path to ash ... MK o16 dm '' 4 '' jn - t ( on 71 . buiiding be shave off they foundation and turn to dust . fedestrian be instantly disintegrated . Fire engulf everything . the blast wave reverse direction and suck all that it have gestroy back up into its mushroom cloud . CUT to : ext . los angele - night in the extreme distance , a strange orange light glow to the north . the sudden explosion of rotor blade as two camouflage paint blackhawk helicopter roar into frame . ext . BRADLEY build - night the blackhawks land right in the middle of the street . High - rank military exit the rotorcraft . int . the BOX # 2 - JOHN John sit alone , wait ... suddenly , the door open and lawson enter . his blood - rinse expression tell we he be aware of the catastrophic event . JOHN . ( devastate ) we have two hour before the rest of we nuclear arsenal go airborne . I suggest we do something about it this time . int . BOX # 1 - sarah ' roland approach - Sarah . for the first time he 's nervous , scare . Sarah stare up at roland through . blood shot : eye , ae : speak with gritt tooth ... sarah whoops . roland I be told to question you ! that be my order ! and that be what I will continue to do until I am give order otherwise ! be that clear !? be that clear ! ? gi G wo ko sarah you be a asshole . MK y '' ~ 72 . roland the machine in the next room , wnat do you call it again ? Sarah take a deep frustrated breath . silberman ( 0s ) a terminator . Sarah and roland look up as brad silberman enter -- the skeptical psychologist Zrom the first two film . trail +s lo. gen . meek -- charismatic , powerful . flanking the general be four armed soldier . gen . meek all record and documentation of this interrogation be now under military jurisdiction . lawson react . gen meek thank you , gentleman . we can manage from here . ( to silberman and Sarah ) I believe you two know each other . sarah Long time . silberman last I see -you ... you have a syringe of liquid plumber in my neck . sarah never think I would be glad '' to see you face . all action stop when ' terminator be escort into the room by several very nervous soldier . the head of its endoskeleton expose . in terminator 's grip , the human flesh mask which use to cover he head . terminator take the human flesh mask and pull it over he endoskeleton cranium , position it in place . at Zirst the human tissue lay loosely against the cyborg 's cranium , until suddenly ... skin begin to tighten against the metal and fit firmly around the eye socket . lip fasten snugly to the metal jaw . gen . meek wipe the cold sweat from he brow before glance at silberman who sport a '' I tell you so '' look . '' g9 po po MK wt >> ( * i' 73. jchn {0s ) relax , he do not dite . turn to John as he enter . gen . meek you must be John connor . JOHN yes , sir . gen . meek from everything Brad here 's tell I , seem I should be call you sir . gen . meek shake John 's hand . sarah when you boy finish stroking yourselves , '' maybe we can get down to business . gen . meek the President have be in negotiation with this uh ... skynet . there will be no further attack as long as we comply with its demand . sarah you really believe that shit ? terminator you be at war . skynet be stalling until it can gain full control of all U.S. nuclear arsenal . JOHN _ General , we need to mount a full scale . attack 's now . . gen . meek I wish I could , but the President have he own agenda . terminator grab gen . meek by the collar and reel he in . terminator tell nim to change it . CUT to : int . cyber cellar the robotic arm continue to download skynet . CUT to : MK y year 74 , int . BRADLEY build - office gen . meek finish up a phone call on a secure line . John , terminator and Sarah stand by . gen . meek ( into phone ) yeah . will do . yes , sir . gen . meek hang up the phone . gen . meek ( cont 's D ) you 's be go to Green River . transportion 's ten minute away . sarah we be under a little time crunch , General , I hope we be not wait on a chopper . gen . meek I think you will be more than satisfied , Ms. connor. {to John ) well son ... it 's you show . John nod , feel the obligation of he leadership for the first time . he turn to terminator . JOHN can I talk to you for a sec 's ? int . restroom John crank on the sink water and splashes he anguish face . terminator stand at he side . and examine John in the mirror . looe so ue JOHN I fuck up ... I should have spend the last : ten year gear up for this . train , work out , learn battle tactic . now here I be , way over my head . John examine he drip wet reflection in the mirror . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what be I like ... in the future ? terminator older . JOHN you can lose the sarcasm . MK '' @ ps po - ~ene vy terminator no sarcasm . you be the same . JOHN I find that hard to believe . John struggle with the towel sponse but it 's jamme . terminator ! why ? JOHN ( struggle with towel dispenser ) I have a image in my head of this legendary John connor . this super hero that do not know fear , or pain . who 's unstoppable . ( examine he reflection ) - I look in the mirror , an= I do not see that guy . terminator I do. ( beat ) but it 's not you . John react as terminator point he eye at he own cyborg reflection . terminator ( cont ’d ) you be John connor . you be human . John turn back to he own reflection , clearly understand what terminator have just teach he . terminator rip the towel dispenser.off the wall and hand John a stack of towel . John graciously except a single towel , dry he face . ext . BRADLEY build - night the front entrance be surround by armed swat . swat # 1 I gotta take a piss . swat # 2 make it fast . swat # 1 eat I . fom swat # 1 enter the Bradley building . '' 75 . MK gi @ DS PD . int . BRADLEY build - front reception swat # 1 move toward the elevator , nit the button . two military Soldiers approacn . - soldier you ! Area 's be restrict to approve military personnel ! swat # 1 enter the elevator regardless . the Soldiers snap into action , leveling they weapon as they storm the elevator . they stop the door from close with the barrel of they mp - 5s . the elevator door re-open . strangely , it 's empty . the Soldiers enter and search the elevator , baffle . the elevator door close with the two Soldiers inside . behind the close elevator door we hear short burst of gunfire ... body hit the floor . int . corridor - outside elevator 15 th floor - night terminator , Sarah and John approach the elevator with Gen. meek and Brad silberman in tow . the armed soldier flanking they . terminator halt , hearing something inaudible to human ear . terminator gunfire . terminator look down at the floor in the direction of the sound . . silberman I do not hear -- ' - terminator quiet . terminator look up at the illuminate elevator display . a elevator be ascend toward they -- not good . terminator ( cont ’d ) ( to John ) get to the roof . John comply without waste a beat . Sarah , silberman , Gen. meek and half the other soldier trail . '' G ps 7 , minator kick through the steel eievator door , rip they . he grab the thick eievator cable and stop it in he four storey below , t~ig burst up through the elevator ! terminator grab several grenade from a soldier 's belt and cthrow it down the shaft . explosion ! the blast sever the thick cable and send the 2 levator crash down to the first floor , t-1g with it . ext . stairwell to roof - night john , Sarah , Gen. meek and Brad silberman hustle up the stair with a team of armed soldier . silberman suddenly twist he ankle , stumble to the floor . sarah you okay ? ~ silberman my ankle ! a soldier tend to silberman . soldier # 1 I nil take care of he . go ! ext . roof of BRADLEY build - helipad - night rain shower the empty helipad . John , Sarah , Gen. meek and the rest of the soldier rush onto the roof . gen . meek where the hell be they ? soldier . should be here any minute , sir . gen . meek get the chopper back , we can not wait ! ext . BRADLEY build - STREET level a ec-155 dauphin helicopter roar across the sky . ext . roof of BRADLEY suilding - night with the SOUND of the approach chopper , Brad silberman exit onto the roof and approach the rest of the group . he JOHN ( to Sarah ) he 's not limping . MK 61 @ bps po ts 78. saran move to shoot silberman ... a soldier deflect she aim . soldier # 2 what the hell you doin 's !? vohn step past the soldier and empty a entire clip into silberman . he Li é sil ; . sefault mode . blam ! blam ! blam ! terminator step out onto the roof , fire round into the back of T - 1g 's head . t-1g be halt ! each penetrate bullet exit the front of she face , narrowly stretch out she skin in the diameter of the bullet , create long exit wound needle . this needle stretch out , just inch from John 's face . t-1g turn back to terminator who continue blast she with he .50 mm . t-1g stumble back from the relentless onslaught until she fly off the side of the roof and plummet . with the dauphin hover overhead with its side hatch open , terminator hustle toward John and grab he . terminator get in . : terminator toss John inside the open hatch of the dauphin . t-1g claw up the side of the building and jump back onto the roof . ° terminator pause to re-load . Sarah and the other soldier blast ammo into t=-1g who search for John . t-1g focus on the exite dauphin . ' she nrun toward the tail rotor and jump into the blade . spark fly as the tail rotor explode apart ! int / ext . dauphin the Pilot struggle with the control as the helicopter spin out of control . i @ po po the dauphin plummet over the side of the building where a 15 story fall await . hover beside the fifteenth floor of the Bradley Building , the tailboom collide into the side and dig in . smash ! Glass explode as the main rotor blade penetrate the window ! MK '' y 79 , the dauphin flip upside down and wedge iztseif into the side of the building where it stick . dauphin - rear cabin John and the remain soldier bash against the roof of the cabin and slide toward the open hatch . the soldier plummet zo he death ! with one last reach John manage to grab hold ef the cable harness as he slide through the hatch . vohn hang five foot below the dauphin , grip tightly to the cable . below he dangle foot , a fifteen story death drop . ext . roof of BRADLEY build - night Sarah glance over the edge and look down at John , hang on for he life . sarah JOHN ! Sarah turn and see t-1g run straight toward she ! she unload gunfire as t-1g jump straight over she ... -.- and land upon the underside of the upside - down dauphin . int / ext . dauphin - 15 th floor - night t-1g slam she foot down onto the dauphin , try to dislodge it from the building . the sudden buffete send a metal tool box tumble and into the harness winch . unlock it . the cable line quickly unravel . John , hang onto the cable , suddenly descend at a‘tapid a rate , a floor a second ! - look below , John see a uh~60 blackhawk military chopper park on the.street , its rotor blade in a high rpm . if John continue descend , he will be mutilate . above dauphin . terminator jump down onto t-1g . t-1g spin - kick terminator , send he fly off the chopper ! terminator smashes into the side of the buiid , crash into the glass window . below dauphin . John continue descend toward the blade of the blackhawk below until suddenly ... inside dauphin . the winch run out of cable and stop abruptly . MK '' G ids ps 80 . zelow dauphin . John stop , foot dangle roaring blade of the blackhawk . 2st above the terminator lose hold on the building and begin a fifteen story plummet ! the cyborg rip he arm into the side of the building es he mail , cut through glass and metal , anything to break he fail ... terminator finally impact the street below , cyborg body seeply dent the pavement ! int . stairwell severely wind , Sarah leap down the stair , five at a time . ext . BRADLEY build - night t-1g look below and find John connor hang above the spin blade of the blackhawk chopper park on the street . she jump down onto the cable ... upside down , with she limb straddle cable , t-1g slide down toward John like a speed bullet . spark shower behind she from the extreme friction . John 's greasy grip weaken . he struggle to keep he dangle foot from get suck into the blackhawk 's main rotor blade . look up , he see t-1g descend down upon he ! terminator struggle back to he foot . he shove against the front of the chopper and slide the machine out from underneath John . . up above the large rotor blade of the dauphin dislodge from the side of the building . crack ! the sound of contort steel snapping as the mangle helicopter plummet . ext . BRADLEY build - STREET level - rainy night with the chopper out of the way , John jump down to the street . terminator grab John and pull he out of the way ... and not & moment too soon . t-1g hit the street and dig in . t-1g pick herself up . the sound of thunder above . she lift she face and find the mangle dauphin helicopter descend upon she head ... too late ! crrrraaassshh ! explosion ! a enormous fireball swirl into the rainy night . MK gi G po po ' a 81 . terminator turn to John who 's gulp down oxygen . terminator you be a lot of work . JOHN I know . jt terminator grab John and yank + im into a run pace . znside the wreckage , static energy form into the shape of a woman . t-1g re-appear in she default mode , emerge from the aftermath , unscathed . she find terminator and John run down the street , pursue they . ext . STREET - night terminator and John race across the street . John , exhaust , gulp down air , look behind he and see t-1g rapidly gain ground ! JOHN she 's gain ! terminator look up and stop run . as if resign .! John realize terminator be stare upward at something . John lift he face into the rainy night , awed by what he see ... landing light shine down onto the street as a aerial hunter killer lower into frame , rain beat down upon its shiny , polished steel hull . the futuristic aircraft descend down upon John and terminator ... totally silent . a distorting rippling wave effect generate from its anti-gravitic thruster which belch blue FIRE . the aircraft 's missile weapon system target ... shhhhhh ! a missile be fire ! chunks of concrete burst into the air as t-1g be blast . another missile take a massive bite out of the blacktop , disintegrate t- 1g . the aerial Hunter killer lower silently before terminator and John , its cabin hatch hydraulically open . John notice usaf paint on the hull . a american soldier , inside the aircraft , motion for John and terminator to enter . terminator and John see t-1g return to she default mode . they waste no more time and enter the aircraft . or what we will come to know as the xb-91 '' swift '' . '' gs as ns bon 82. t-1g race toward the aircraft as it rocket upwards into the rainy night . defeat , she watch the swift leave . ext . BRADLEY build - ground floor - night Sarah look up as the swift jet she son to safety . in the distance , t-1g approach . Sarah duck behind the blaze wreckage of the dauphin . cot to : int . swift - flying - night the cockpit be ultra high - tech , entirely computerize . there be no front windshield . the pilot sit like astronaut with they seat tilt back , monitoring the control on 3d flight panel . rear cabin more functionality than luxury . the cargo space be limited . there be no window . Real - time monitor view all side of the aircraft . JOHN we have to go back . flight soldier order be to get you to Green River without delay . JOHN my mother 's back there , she 's important to this mission . flight soldier we have another ship behind we make a pickup . we will put Sarah on that . best - we can do . anyone need medical attention ? . JOHN no . flight soldier buckle down . we be go Mach three . ext . swift - night the aircraft break the sound barrier . MK ©t '' po po with 83. int . swiet - cockpit John watch the pilot work the control . all of which be computerize and voice-activate . the Pilot press a talk button and speak to the flight computer . pilot initiate frequency cancellation . flight computer frequency cancellation , initiate . JOHN where 's the yoke ? Pilot # 1 glance at John , indicate a toggle stick beneath he thumb , the main flight control of the aircraft . pilot ~ right here . JOHN must be hard not to over - correct . pilot you a chopper pilot ? JOHN single engine cessnas . pilot this be actually easier to fly . it 's all automated , voice-activate . very user - friendly . John step back as the pilot begin to communicate with Green River tower . on terminator who look up at John approach . : JOHN I hack into a lot of government site , but I never see anything like this . terminator the factory which build it be completely automated . after the fire , skynet take control of production and manufacture a more advanced version call a aerial Hunter killer . equipped with laser weaponry , highly sensitive motion and heat sensor and a power cell which last twenty year . go G po ho MK for haunted , John glance about the interior ci the aerial hk , realize he 's sit in Satan 's beily . JOHN ..goddam terminator in the sky . ( beat ) how many of this '' aerial Hunter killer '' do skynet manufacture ? terminator exact number , unknown . JOHN take a wild guess . terminator between seven and eight . JOHN hundre ? terminator thousand . World -wide . John lean back in he seat , overwhelm . i JOHN let I ask you something , you believe in this war ? terminator be not sure how to respond . terminator believe ? JOHN yeah , you see mankind as a threat ? terminator if it oppose you . JOHN no , not I , I mean -- how do I do this ... okay , let 's say I get kill . you mission be over . the war continue : man against machine . whose side would you choose ? terminator choose ? JOHN co do not you know how to choose ? ( no reply ) ( more ) ow G po bo MK ' 85 . life be about choice . they define who we be . terminator be puzzle . John focus on a red fire extinguisher , unlock it from its cradle . he then grab a blue medic kit . sohn ( cont ! D ) red. slue . which color do you prefer ? terminator each color be best suite for its optical -- JOHN forget all that . what color you do you find more pleasing to the eye . you know , more beautiful ? terminator pop . digitize data scroll , analyze the fire extinguisher , the medic kit , they color and shading . terminator I see no beauty . JOHN I be afraid of that . — _ terminator study John , try to grasp the purpose for the line of question . terminator which.color do you prefer ? JOHN Blue . terminator why ? - JOHN remind I of the ocean . and there 's something about the ocean that 's ... peaceful . Anna and I use to go there a lot . ( morose ) she love to surf ... gi @ ps 1 terminator give John a look , curiously examine the blue medic box . CUT to : MK 86 . ext . GREEN river launch complex - night medics work in triage , tend to a myriad of butcher and gunshot employee . ems helicopter carry off the wounded . the anti-gravitic thruster of the swift send out distorting ripple wave as the machine silently lower out of the sky and hover above a tarmac . sohn and terminator exit the swift where they be immediately toin by two man . one of they be matt ribberdy -- the scientist skynet impersonate to the President . cohn try to communicate with ribberdy , but he be unable to near he voice . his lip move , but no sound come out . John raise he voice , even yell ... nothing be hear . the swift hover upward and rocket into the night , quiet as a bird . ribberdy you can relax , Mr. connor , you have not go deaf . JOHN noise cancellation ? terminator : the xb-91 swift be equip with electromagnetic and acoustic field suppressor . ribberdy be a little put off that terminator know this . ribberdy that 's uh ... that 's exactly right . meet./ col . bell . well - build , husky voice , macarthur demeanor . : : col . bell it 's not enough to fly stealth anymore . we need to be invisible and silent . John tap on he watch , baffle . JOHN my watch stop . ribberdy be thankful you be not wear a pacemaker . I be Matt ribberdy , chief programmer . ( shake John 's hand ) this be Col. Bell . ot G DS 9 MK 37 . whiie shaking hand , John focus on the wounded . JOHN what happen to . ‘em ? ribberdy ' *-| first thing first . | we have a briefing area set up . this way . CUT to : int . command tent - night John and terminator . sit before a large mobile plasma screen which show the interior of the Green River Launch complex . ribberdy this be subplex 4 . the '' cyber cellar , '' where you computer program life . it 's ~ self - power and surround by ten foot thick blast - proof wall . it 's impenetrable . JOHN what about sever uplink capability ? we cut off skynet 's arm and leg , it 's just a brain in a box . terminator negative . skynet communicate with satellite by way of r.u.s.t . ribberdy and col . Bell be shocked terminator know this . ribberdy . that 's right . root Underground Satellite tiransponder . on the plasma screen , a 3d graphic clearly illustrate the cyber cellar inside the subterranean Green River Launch complex . descend root jet out from beneath and travel in all direction , burrow deeply into the earth , then arching toward the surface in a vast network . : ribberdy ( cont ’d ) the communication line run a half mile deep and fan out at a ten mile radius . there 's thousand of ‘em . JOHN so we sever ‘em at the core ? gu g9 po po , y 38 . ribberdy would not matter . the inner snell of the vault icself act as a back up transponder . JOHN so shut down the satellite . terminator skynet control they . col . bell we could use this guy in intelligence . JOHN the door to the cyber cellar , any way to breach the lock ? ribberdy it 's self - monitoring . the instant it detect tamper , a thermite charge detonate , welding the mechanism shut . permanently . John look off , frustrated as hell . JOHN you design the thing , do not you build in a trap door ?! ribberdy sorry , I do not anticipate a live computer would hijack the place ... from the inside ! JOHN alright , be there anyway to disengage the lock without trip the explosion ? '' ribberdy : not unless you be dead . it detect body temperature . John look to terminator ... terminator i can reduce my ambient thermal signature to zero , JOHN let 's do it . col . bell there 's one other thing . '' g9 po ss 39 . tol . Bell give a couple of soldier a nod . the soldier wneel a dark GREEN ( coffin-size ) anvil case up to terminator and John . they unlatch the sophisticated lock . the air - < 2ght case open with a exhale of 02 ... shhhhhhht ! JOHN so this be what 's do all the kill . ribberdy the death toll be fifty - three and climb . vohn 's eye widen in awe . terminator scan the content , analyze . angle inside the anvil case : seat flush in the custom indent foam pack ... a metallic torso ... two dismantle robotic arm side - ~ by-side ... two dismantle robotic leg ... the head ( one cyclops vid - cam for a eye} . crude , evil , skeletal . terminator I have file on the t-1 but have never encounter it . col . bell t- 1 ? terminator skynet 's designation of its redesign . terminator turn square to John . terminator ( cont 'd ) first generation terminator . JOHN : - Ho - ly shit ... - - John remove a metallic arm from the case , feel the ultra dense weight . JOHN ( cont 'd ) how many of this thing be in there ? col . bell six ere operational . shouid not be too much of a problem . my elite task force be gear up . . on &d ps po JOHN well there 's one thing that be go to be a problem . and it 's a '' she . '' CUT to : +» 90 . int . swift - flying Sarah be belt down to one of the passenger seat . she glance up at the monitor and view the exterior landscape sshead . in the distance , the Green River complex . cockpit the Pilot and copilot navigate , relaying jargon back and forth when a shadow fall over the Pilot 's face . he look but see nothing to create the shadow . suddenly the Pilot gasp as blood escape he lip . the Pilot grasp he fatally wounded chest . the copilot react as t1g appear before he with she hand around he neck , electrocute he . Sarah unbuckle herself and hustle to open the emergency exit door . cabin depressurize , a extreme suction violently tug at she . t-1g approach Sarah to kill . Sarah grab a parachute , don it as fast as she can and jump ! narrowly escape t~1g . CUT to : ext . GREEN river launch complex - night sq elite soldier exit a C - 130 which be park on the dry lake bed . the soldier be armed with the latest in tactical weapon system . John look up , focus on a swift which travel silently overhear . the aircraft maneuver into a bank turn . terminator Pov . nightvision show a parachute over the entrance of the complex . terminator zoom in and see ... - terminator Sarah . JOHN what ? where she ? terminator descend by parachute . from the enemy swift . terminator grab John and hurry he to safety as ... col . bell what do you mean '' enemy ? '' ot @ po ho MK ne the swift drop down and hover extremely close to the troops ! Soldiers hit the ground whiie other scatter for they life , the swift travel above the small army , its thruster scorching they , turn soldier to charcoal . terminator blast round at the swift while he and John retreat . Soldiers turn they weapon on the aircraft and reciprocate with a blaze of gunfire . int . swift - cockpit ?- 1g target the aircraft 's weapon system down upon the soldier and spray a constant stream of machine fire , mutilate by the drove . CUT to : ext . roof of launch complex - night alarm wailing , Sarah descend upon the roof by parachute . she hit the corrugate metal roof top , part of which be slowly slide shut . quickly on she foot , she detach the harness and stealthily hustle toward the edge of the roof and look down . the swift be see from above , attack the soldier . Sarah focus on the close roof , only several foot away from lock shut . no time to waste , Sarah climb down into the complex , disappear inside . CUT to : ext . GREEN river launch complex - war zone while terminator race John to safety , soldier be cut down ' and burn alive -- they retaliation futile . ribberdy be strafe by the swift . the force of the blast knock John and col . Bell to the ground . terminator cover John with he body as the area around they be pepper . the swift 's underbelly part as cargo bay door expose missile which lock onto they target : John connor ! terminator roll off John , pick up a couple of .50 caliber assault rifle , zoom in on one of the missile , cradle beneath the swift , squeeze both triggers ! the missile blows up ! ka - boooocqooom ! a enormous explosion ! one of the swift 's anti-gravitic thruster erupt ! the aircraft fly radically out of control . ascend ... '' @ py bo MK 92 , the swiet , spin violently , arc upwards and backwards and zescend into a deep canyon gorge ... =xt . deep canyon gorge Swift plummet to the bottom and explode into a ball . ext . GREEN river launch complex terminator turn to John while load new clip into each - £9 caliber assauit rifle . terminator she will be back . John rack -focus on ribberdy who lie badly wounded , leg severely shot up , piece of shrapnel imbed in he torso . ribberdy oh shit ... I be bad , be not I ? John rip off a section of he shirt . JOHN hang in there , we can not do this without you . John press he rip shirt into ribberdy 's wounded leg . JOHN ( cont 'd ) keep pressure on it . okay ? John pick up ribberdy and throw he over he shoulder when a empty parachute curl across the ground , sailing in the wind . JOHN ( cont 'd ) where 's Sarah ? terminator she will find we . let 's go . en route to the subterranean entrance , four survive soldier join up with we guy . int . subterranean entrance - night ot G ps ho terminator scout through the dark tunnel entrance , the two .50 caliber gun in each hand . trail be John ( carry ribberdy ) Col. bell. and the four soldier . MK 93. at the end of the tunnei stand a ten foot thick slide suter blast door make of titanium -- the entrance to the Green River Launch complex . the massive door be slowly close , only two foot from lesk shut . JOHN hurry ! terminator quickly wedge he bedy inside the blast door and shove hard against it . the soldier hurry and pile through single - file . back to the wall , terminator strain against the impossible weight of the blast door . edging he back along the titanium frame , he fight to make it inside before the door crush he . but even with he cyborg strength , it 's a lose battle . setting down ribberdy , John grab a mp-s and wedge it inside the door , but the machine gun bend from the extreme pressure . it 's no use , terminator iose the battle . the blast door begin to crush he . JOHN ( cont ' D ) nooooo00 ! terminator 's body slightly compress . Blue tendril of lighting dance across the cyborg 's skin as he be render lifeless . the blast door stop , unable to compact terminator any more than it have . John be devastate . the soldier , haunt . soldier # 1 - . what the fuck , man ? that thing . be not human ! . " JOHN ( to Col. Bell ) it may not be dead . it can self - regenerate . gotta be someway to pry this door open . col . bell fifty ton of titanium . good luck . soldier # 2 's motion detector signal activity . soldier # 2 Sir , we get two income , 9 o’clock . eta , one minute . oi gs po po MK & fot JOHN t-l ... which way 's the cyber cellar ? col . bell North wing . that ' way . ( to he man ) how we doin’ on ammo ? soldier # 1 not good , sir . col . bell there 's a tactical supply room in the south wing . JOHN bad idea . col . bell what do you suggest , connor ? we sit here and engage in hand - to-hand combat !? JOHN skynet know we be low on ammo . there be surveillance camera everywhere . now we get two t- 1las come at we from this direction . in the opposite direction 's the tactical supply . this be not brain surgery ... we be be lead away from the cyber cellar , into a trap . soldier # 1 glance down at he motion detector . the T - 1s be soldier # 1 . Sir . we need to make a decision here ! col . bell connor , you can comé with we ... {re : ribberdy ) +-.0r stay here and watch this man bleed to death . JOHN this man ... be we only chance in get to skynet ! col . bell well , son , he be not gonna do we much good now that you terminix man or whatever the fuck be out of commission . col . Bell grab a m - 16 from a soldier and toss it to John . MK '' @ po > '' yo a 95 ; col . bell ( cont 's ) ) ( to soldier ) alright , lady ! let 's move ! ( to John ) we will be come back through here in ten minute . the soldier comply with they superior officer 's command . col . Bell lead the troops down the iarge corridor . gopn glance at the lifeless terminator , crush in the blast oor . ribberdy ( scared ) what do we de now ? JOHN stay alive . until we can figure out something else . NORTH corridor with ribberdy over he shoulder and the m - 16 in he right hand , John move stealthily to the end of the corridor where it '' L 's to the right . Coast clear , he continue onward . CUT to : int . subterranean entrance terminator be where we leave he . lifeless . crushed between the titanium wall and 20 foot thick outer blast door . Beyond terminator be t-1g . she stand outside the entrance , stare in . her body turn to static vapor , allow she to easily navigate through the narrow 10 inch passage . half way , she pause and examine the lifeless terminator . no threat here , she continue on . once on the other side , t-1g return to default mode and stride through the complex , resume she hunt . CUT to : int . tactical supply room gunfire be constant . John be right , it 's a full ambush . ten t-l be battle col . Bell and the four soldier who be desperately try to retreat with they life . CUT to : yt gy wo wo MK yy . 96 . int . NORTH corridor found the corner , John come upon a T -i with ir back surn ! John quickly spin around , foot iose traction on polished concrete floor . the t-i about - face and level ii chain gun . 1 7onn ( carry ribberdy ) duck around the corner , dullet railing he . lose on the T - 1 : we see it fully assemble for the first time . strapped to =ts back be a bulky bullet - proof ammo pack -- 100 foot of selt - feed caseless ammo coiled densely , allow a seemingly endless supply of gunfire . mounted to its arm be a sleek chain gun . a auto - AIM gun barrel pivot in sync with the t-l 's line of sight . when it curn its head , the gun track with precision aim . the t-1 round the corner and level its chain gun at John . but John beat the robot to the punch , blast the m - 16 at its robotic head . the t-1 be throw off balance from the onslaught . unable to right itself , the robot stumble . John keep fire until lick ! out of ammo . the t-1 find its center of gravity and level its chain gun . John charge the robot and latch onto its ( weapon ) arm , force it off target . whack ! the t-1 backhand John across the face . but John rang on tight . whack ! another backhand send John reeling across the floor . the t-1 approach John - and level its chain gun to kill . tink ! tink ! tink ! Three magnetic grenade , fire at the back of T - 1 , stick to its shoulder . ka - blam ! the T - 1's ( weapon ) arm be blow off ! as the T -1 collapse , we rack focus on Sarah who stand with a hk69 .40 mm grenade launcher in she arm . needless to say , vohn be happily surprised . JOHN hi , mom . suddenly , the T -1 flop toward John on its back and grab he ieg . John kick the robot 's head , struggle to escape its clutches . '' @ PD ho 97 . saran shove she boot against the T -i 's neck , pin it to the ground and spear she 3k69 into the robot 's face . sarah run. vohn wisely comply . sarah ( cont 'd ) eat this . Sarah pump a magnetic grenade into the T - 1 's mouth . tink ! rapidly back away . explosion ! the T - 1 's body part skid across the floor , smolder . sarah ( cont 's D ) catch . Sarah toss John the hk69 . Sarah grab the T - 1 's ammo pack which lie on the floor . she strap it on she back . pick up the T - 1 's .80 caliber chain gun . connect the clip to the ammo-pack . Sarah be look bad - ass as ever . John make a move to retrieve ribberdy who lie on the ground . face white , eye poach . dead . sarah ( cont ’d ) who be he ? JOHN we only chance at get to skynet . you come from north 's hall ? sarah . yeah . JOHN . t- 1s ? sarah ' infested . John sigh with defeat . sarah ( cont 'd ) where 's terminator ? CUT to : int . subterranean entrance Sarah examine the crush terminator . she spy down the north corridor , coast clear . gi gd pp MK 98. saran move to the South corridor , check for tel . again , the coast clear . sarah - at least we get you in a nuclear- safe environment . if we can take out this t-l we can survive here . where be the soldier ? JOHN col . Bell say he have be come back this way . sarah we will give ‘em 30 second . Sarah and John take cover inside a four foot concave region in the wall . sarah ( cont ’d ) split up ... who 's brilliant idea be that ? JOHN they would not listen to I . sarah ( explode ) you get to get this people to pay attention to you , John . that 's what be a leader 's about . Sarah pull back from she usual lecture . she see something different in John 's eye . JOHN go ahead , say it . I should have listen to you . John lean he back against the wall and slide down until he 's sit on he butt . JOHN ( cont 'd ) but I do not . I only care about I . my life . not everybody else 's . now we all lose . Sarah remove she ammo pack and take a seat beside John , back to the wall in the same fashion . sarah it 's not you fault ... it 's mine . John turn to Sarah , shocked to hear that word come from she mouth , '' @9 po po MK sarah { cont 's D ) you want a wife , kid ... you want a family ... and why the hell not , you have be deprive of one you whole iife . Hell , you do not ' even have a mother . ( beat ) . : all I want to do be ! love you , John . but I be too afraid it would make you soft , weak , I do not know ... Sarah turn away from John , uncomfortable and vulnerable . sarah ( cont ’d ) I spend too much time be a drill sergeant ... lose out on all the fun of be a mom . you know how many goddam time I want to grab you and hold you ... tell you thing be gonna be okay ? JOHN they be okay . you give I everything I need . I now know that . Sarah 's eye moisten . angle on terminator . lifeless , crush in the blast door . perhaps a part of he hear this ? JOHN ( cont 'd ) I love you , mom . . sarah I love you , too . John grab Sarah and give she a long since due embrace . Sarah reciprocate , grip she son tightly . a clanking noise from the south corridor interrupt the moment ! Sarah level she chain gun and fire a warning shot . silence . a faint human voice echoe . col . bell ( os ) hold you fire ! JOHN nyell out ) Colonei ! Sarah rigidly level she chain gun , untrust . col . Bell and two Soldiers cautiously round the corner , approach John and Sarah . all three be badly wartorn , one of they nursing a gun wound . Sarah lower she weapon . '' ) '' PD NW MK 100 . sarah that bad , huh ? col . sell how many be cn you ass ? sarah five . give or zake . col . 3ell we get double that . give cr take . JOHN I think you say only six be operational ? col . bell only six be operational ! I do not know what the hell 's happen except that we be dead man walk . sarah maybe you should quit you whining and get busy . col . bell fuck you , lady . Sarah sweep Col. Bell on he ass with she chain gun , shove she boot against he neck and press the barrel of she chain gun against he forehead . sarah you be say ...? col . Bell 's soldier immediately turn they gun on Sarah . JOHN . War 's out there ! knock it off ! rat-t-t-t-t-t-t -! the T - 1s round the corner and be now in the north corridor . John , Sarah , col . Bell and the two soldier quickly duck they back against the four foot concave region in the wall . this will supply they some cover ... but not for long . Sarah and John blast they gun at the approach T - 1s , xnock they off balance . rat-t-t-t-t-t-t! more t-1l round the corner and approach from the south corridor . col . Bell and he soldier blast round at they . gunfire be constant . '' G po ws MK »y 101 . but the t~1s be unscathed . they continue march forward , gun blaze . soldier # 1 this be not work ! col . bell the great John connor ... what a fuck joke ... John focus on the outer blast door where the lifeless terminator stand crush . JOHN cover I ! John make a run across the corridor . Sarah , Col. Bell and the soldier send a barrage of gunfire into the T - 1s to cover John . ~ a bullet graze John 's shoulder as he cross . nursing the wound , he wedge he body inside the narrow 10 inch open of the blast door for cover . turn to terminator . JOHN ( cont 's D ) I know you can hear I , goddamit ! you be my protector ! that be you mission ! and you be failing you mission ! terminator remain lifeless . the situation worsen . the t-l be progress . we guy be almost out of ammo . JOHN ( cont ! D ) I - am - go - to - die ! do you hear I !? you be a terminator ! it 's time to terminate ! .. terminator Pov . a single point of light .- a graphic display alternate power . another show level of power . the meter climb deep into the red . danger ! system overload ! terminator 's eye sizzle with bright red . terminator 's arm shove against the 20 foot thick titanium blast door . John be awed . terminator grit he tooth while shove on the blast door with incredibie strength . the blast door move a fraction of a inch ... Sarah run out of ammo , likewise Col. Bell . the T - 1s be now only yard away from have a direct line of fire . the blast door continue move ... a few more inch ... a foot ... two foot . terminator remove he hand which have make two deep imprint in the titanium . gi gd do hs 102 . terminator grab John and pull he back to keep he safe . Sarah 's eye widen as terminator 's somewhat contort body step out into the corridor where round of ammo immediately ricochet off he armor . Col. Bell and the soldier be happily amaze . terminator approach the t-l , cut they off just in time , diverting the gunfire . terminator grab a T - 1 's arm and yank it clean off the robot 's body , shove he hand into the robot 's face and crush the T - 1 's cranium against the wall . terminator kick another T - 1 's ( weapon} arm , send the robot crash against the wall . terminator grab the robot 's head , break it off . he force the robot to fire upon itself . explosion ! the robot erupt . terminator grab another t- 1 and shove it into a wall , crush its neck . terminator back hand another robot 's head repeatedly , sever its head from its torso . terminator toss another T - 1 into the opposite wall ... crash ! terminator pick up the T - 1 and again hurl the machine into the opposite wall . terminator yank off the T - 1 's ( weapon ) arm , turn it and fire a constant stream of ammo . ka-bloom ! the t- 1 explode . ka - bloom ! another explode . terminator turn to John and the rest of the bunch with a smirk and a severe T - 1 arm in he grip . terminator I be back . terminator drop the severe T - 1 arm into a pile of smolder robotic junk . clank ! terminator kick t-1 debris out + of he way as he approach John . a t-1 head roll along the floor . terminator ( cont ‘d ) it 's clear to I why skynet rush to redesign the t-l . they suck . CUT to : int . control booth - outside cyber cellar low angle on black gucci boot ... we pan up the gorgeous leg of t-1g who stride toward the cyber cellar 's vault door . t-1g peer inside and examine the fifty computer tower circulate with skynet 's god- like mind . MK i gd 1d ho 203 , she focus on the panel lock , rip off the cover and drive ner hand into the circuitry . explosion ! the thermite blast weld the lock shut . t-1g turn she back to the cyber cellar and stand directly in front of the vault door , silent and still -- a sentinel guard Satan 's throne . CUT to : int . security surveillance room terminator rip open the door . John and the rest of the gang cile in and face the many security monitor . John sit before the computer , punch up different location on the monitor . one of the screen show the interior of a fully automated robotic factory where T -l be construct . it 's in full operation . a new t- 1 step off the production line and be equip with ammo-pack and chain gun . col . bell well that answer that . Fucking factory 's pump out T - 1s like hotcake . JOHN where 's the cyber cellar ? terminator subplex 5 . John type into the computer . the cyber cellar come up on the main large-screen monitor . stand in the control booth outside the cyber cellar be the t-1g stand guard . one of the soldier speak up . - - london who the hell 's that ? JOHN shit . she 's inside . col . bell that the '' she '' you be talk about ? John nod . soldier # 2 speak up : gaffe sexy momma ... gu GI ws ws MK london {to terminator ) this chick ... she as bad - ass as you ? terminator the t-1g be a superior model . Three generation more advanced . terminator zoom the monitor in and focus on the detonate tock . terminator ( cont 'd ) she detonate the lock . it 's weld shut now . col . bell well that 's just fuck peachy . sarah you could not get past she , anyway . london gotta be another way inside , man . a hole , something . John walk off , seemingly give up . JOHN there be no hole . terminator check you head . JOHN what the hell 's that suppose to mean !? as terminator exit the survielance room ... terminator tell you when you be terminate . int . NORTH hall John follow terminator . JOHN look , there 's no way in that place ! it 's goddam impenetrable ! it be design that way ! there 's no way past it ! terminator turn square to John . terminator you talk about choice . but you see only one : defeat . oh gd DS no MK 105 . terminator spear John with a look , walk off . John lower nis head , feel terminator 's word . Sarah and the rest of the soldier exit into the north hall and approach John . sarah '' . what 's up with he shit ? JOHN rust ... sarah what ? JOHN ruse ... root Underground cable Network . col . bell what about it ? terminator turn back to John , hearing he new idea . JOHN the communication cable beneath the cyber cellar . how exactly be they install ? col . bell automate boring technology . John shine with epiphany . he march up to terminator with a big smile . JOHN I be hip to what you be do , and it 's work . terminator , : I know . int . underground maintenance facility ~ low light terminator pull a dusty canvas tarp off a single - manned boring machine , otherwise know as a '' digger . '' John , Sarah and the rest of the soldier huddle around the digger , examine it closely . torpedo-sized , cover with row of tiny blade . connect to the aft section be a iong spool of fiber optic cabling . gaff reach out and touch one of the many tiny blade , cut he finger , suck the wound . col . bell you realize the floor to the cyber cellar 's thick titanium . MK '' '' pn wo 106 . terminator yeah , but the cabling 's fiber optic . and there 's a thousand of ‘em , bound together . that should leave I a pretty big weak spot to dig up through . gaff how ya gonna know where you be go ? JOHN just gotta find a cable and follow it in . London laugh . london this boy 's good . sarah I all go . JOHN no , I gotta do this . you stay here and cover my back . Sarah understand . JOHN ( cont 'd ) {to terminator ) you get over to that T - 1 factory and blow the place to shit , can you do that ? terminator most definately . ka-chank ! int . underground - R.U.S.T. system - low light spark illuminate the newborn tunnel as the digger bore through . like a scuba diver be pull through the water by a jet - sub , John dig through . the hk69 grenade launcher sling around he shoulder , John hang onto the aft~- cable spool mount with both hand , he stomach skid across the ground . int . t-1 factory the door be blasted OPEN . terminator storm in with a chain gun in he grip and a ammo pack strapped to he back . he blast a new T - 1 as it step off the line . MK oh gd NY po 207 . int . beneath cyber cellar - low light the entire floor be thick titanium except for a circular open ( 12 foot in diameter ) where thousand of optical cable , bound together , thread up into the facility . explosion of sound as the cable burst . spark shower the oor as the digger cut up through the cabling , penetrate the basement of the cyber cellar . =nt . underground maintenance facility Sarah , col . Bell and the rest of the soldier keep guard . a noise catch Sarah 's attention . she look up , see a video camera . it 's red recording light begin blinking . Sarah spin around , hyper-alert . sarah we get company ! ~ London suddenly fight as something grab he hand and force he pistol against he own temple . bang ! gaff spin around , gun levele . crack ! his head be hyper - rotate . col . Bell begin shoot wildly . until he body be throw so hard into the metal wall .... instant death . Sarah fire a constant stream of ammo until she gun be yank from she grip by something unseen . her body be slam into a wall . then suddenly , she foot lift off the ground as she be slide up the wall by the unseen force . her face smear blood as she slide upward . t-1g exit camouflage mode and appear . she stand on the wall , defy gravity , look directly into Sarah 's mey . fisting Sarah 's hair , t-1g point Sarah 's eye into she 's . t-1g where 's John connor ? t-1g study Sarah 's neuro-electric activity : among cluttere image , subconscious dialogue overlap : '' go to hell , bitch . '' t-1g react as Sarah 's unusual mental strength . '' @ po ps CUT to : int . cyber cellar John emerge inside skynet 's lair . adrenaline pump , he march past the two row of computer tower , scraping the barrel of the hk69 across they monitor display screen . MK eo . 208. yohn turn the grenade launcher cn the main control terminal . schn this be for Anna , and San franc:sco ... nm one of ine large display , a message be print out , ccompany by a computerize voice . will skynet i have reprogrammed and download all nuclear security code and have access to North America 's arsenal . ' fou iaunch . launch . a yohn stare at the computer screen , a cold sweat form . he consider he option -- what option ? JOHN fuck you . you nre gonna iaunch anyway . ( cock the hk69 ) a titanium wall suddenly descend , revealing a three - foot thick glass wall which view into the control booth . on the other side , t-1g hold Sarah by the back of the scalp , press she badly pummele face into the glass , smear she blood . Sarah yell to John but the thick sound - proof glass mute she scream . int . observation booth from this side , Sarah 's scream be now clearly hear . sarah do it , JOHN ! fucking do it ! intercut between JOHN and sarah John step toward the thick glass and press he hand against it . Sarah meet he hand with hers . sarah there 's nothing you can do ... finish it . Sarah read John 's lip ... JOHN ' mute ) I love you . sohn turn away from he mother and level the hk69 at skynet . JOHN ( cont 's D ) download this . gt @ po 9 '' 209 . sonn blast grenade : nto che fifty computer tower . plosion upon explosion as chunks of motherooard and chip surst into the air . t-1 t-1g spin-break Sarah 's neck and discard she like use kleenex . Sarah hit the ground , eye poach , head hyper - rotate . Dead . alarm wail . the light switch off and =emergency light Zlicker on , illuminate che cellar with a orange glow . CUT to : montage - missile silo countless icbm missile rocket into the night from all different part of the United States , include submarine . CUT to : int . cyber celler while John continue blast the shit out of the fifty computer tower , t-1g punch the thick glass window with batter - ram force . her body a blur from the speed of impact . the window begin to crack . int . beneath cyber cellar John hustle toward the digger , ignites the engine . int . t-1 factory the digger explode up through the floor , rip through metal grate . the tiny blade send a shower of SPARKS through the air . . John emerge and find himself stare at - a t-1 which lie in break and burn . terminator give John a hand up . terminator skynet ? JOHN terminate . terminator Sarah ? sohn shake he head with deep remorse . terminator ( cont ‘d ) let 's go . MK gil GI ind wo '' 110 . erminator and John hustle through <he rest of che destroy - i factory . John look about the piace as they exit ... the colossal factory be fully automated . mot a human be in the place . robotic spider - like machinery assemble the T - be as they come down the line . minator and John bust through a door which lead into a perimental laboratory . int . laboratory here T - 2s be see . more sleek , human-like frame . rubber numan-like skin cover some of they appendage . terminator blast the T - 2s as he and John exit . int . boring tunnel t-1g claw across the ceiling , wall , floor of the tunnel , blaze through with incredible speed -- the law of gravity not a factor . int . underground maintenance facility t-1g explode up from the boring tunnel . scan the area . no John connor . her eye focus on a digger . int . corridor to aircraft hangar John and terminator race through . terminator fire the chain gun up into the sprinkler system , set it off . terminator stop . listen . he shove John aside just as ... the ground explode ! t-1g drive the digger up into the room ! right where John be stand . terminator run . John escape through a doorway and enter ... terminator turn he chain gun on t-1g who kick the weapon from he grip . t-ig grab the digger , its blade spin viciousiy , and impale it down onto terminator , mutilate flesh , grind endoskeleton . int . aircraft hangar at the center of the hangar , a swift . it 's polished steel hull illuminate by orange emergency lighting , hull bead with high - pressure water from the sprinkler system . '' G dn ho MK the ry - ohn cpen the hatch , enter . int . swift - cockpit vohn scan the ultra high - tech control canei . he don a neadset and push the talk button . sohn activate thruster . flight ccmputer negative command . anti-graviztic thruster not initiate . JOHN initiate anti~gravitic thruster . flight computer negative command . fuel cell inactive . recommend cycle launch check list . JOHN ( push talk button ) cycle launch check list . the light to the control panel illuminate as the ship come to life . flight computer fuel cell charge , power distribution set to launch , manifold thermal circulate ... int . corridor to hangar t-1g impale the digger ’one last time onto terminator , rip the machine deeply into the cyborg 's torso . with die strength , terminator reach out and grab T - 1g 's ankle , a pathetic attempt to stop she . t-1g turn to static vapor , allow she lower - leg to pass through terminator 's clutches with wraith - like effect . int . swift - cockpit John examine the plasma flight screen which reveal t-1 g6 approach . flight computer auto-gryo calibrate , auto-stable mode , on . anti-gravitic thruster warming up . ext . swiet a thunderclap as the anti-gravitic thruster blast with ear - split pitch . 1 MK '' G ps W 112 . int . hangar 7 - ig be parely see as the shower of water from the sprinkler system outline she camouflage form as she stride toward ine swift . . int . swift flight computer ( vo} frequency cancellation mode on standby . JOHN {in epiphany ; sotto ) frequency cancellation ... sentient frequency , sentient frequency matter ... ( push talk button ) activate frequency cancellation . ext . swiet the anti-gravitic truster be suddenly dead silent . int . swift t-1g focus on the swift and race toward it . JOHN Alter cancellation frequency . flight computer specify new calibration signature . warning . High energy target approach . JOHN calibrate to high energy target . the computer screen 's cross-hair focus on t-1g . flight computer calibrate . JOHN come on . cancel that sentient frequency piece of shit . ext . swift '' & po wo the anti-gravitic thruster be once again hear , roaring loudly . crrrrassh ! every light in the entire hangar suddenly explode ! Glass rain down onto the t-1g as she jump onto the swift and turn it over on its side . MK & int . swift - ig rip open the rear hatch , enter ! John be trap , no way out ! 7-1g scream toward John to kill . John pull the lever for che ejection seat , not a second too soon . explosion ! int . hangar because of the angle of swift lie on its side , John be catapult at a 45 degree angle across the length of the hangar . a parachute open just before he hit the ground , break he fall somewhat . t-1g jump out of the aircraft , eye target John . John back away from the approach t-1g when suddenly she body start twitching strangely . t-1g try to shake it off when a strange vibration ripple through she . the vibration grow ... and like a microphone feed back , a single tone crescendo ... louder ... louder ... into a ugly deafen roar . t-1g examine herself as she body swell and unravel , she dense sentient frequency matter decompress -- it 's not pretty . her arm and chest burst open , balloon out massively . leg explode , rapidly grow outward as she inside pour out of she . t-1g 's gorgeous smooth skin be now replace with she inner-work , intricate neural network now visible . tendril of neural tissue rip open and writhe as they try to re-connect . John back into a corner , trap by t-1g . t-1g finally stabilize . she be now grossly misshapen and horribly contort . arc of electricity blaze through she augment form which lay paralyze upon the ground , just foot from John ; she stillborn eye boring into he . body rippling with electricity . John struggle to he foot , and hurry past the hideous machine -- smart not to assume she 's dead . int . corridor to hangar or g9 ad nd John find terminator in bad shape . chunks of flesh miss , revealing mangle endoskeleton beneath , expose wiring . JOHN you okay ? terminator I hate she . 114 . with some difficulty , terminator stand . there 's a moment of refresh silence ... terminator ( cont ! D ) . you do good . . JOHN I know . John and terminator move to exit when ... suddenly t-1g crash through the wall and rear its massive physique . her beautiful feature , although still recognizable , undulate with grotesque proportion . John have create a even worse adversary ! terminator level the chain gun and blast round into she . the effect of the gunshot have a slight damaging effect for the first time -- in this state t- 1g be more vicious , but perhaps more vulnerable . John race to escape through the corridor , terminator trail with a limp . t-1g rip apart the wall , have difficulty squeezing its cumbersome new body through . this slow she down greatly . terminator blast t-1g with he chain gun until ... click . out of ammo . John find a door to a stairwell . JOHN ( cont 'd ) come on ! int . stairwell - emergency lighting the sprinkler system shower John and terminator as they rapidly descend the step . the t-1g crash inside , fight to squeeze through , shaking the interior like a 9.0 earthquake . the stairwell crumble beneath John 's foot , cause he to plummet a flight . wham ! John hit hard , writhe in pain . t-1g lurch downward toward John when terminator step in between . like a cobra , t-1g strike at terminator . retaliating , terminator punch hole into t- 1g . but as he arm rip into she , human flesh be instantly burn off by the acidic effect of the neurai inner-workings . terminator fall down a flight , land beside John . t- 16 crash through the stairwell , force its large body toward its prey , bashing apart chunks of concrete . terminator spy a air conditioning duct . with endoskeleton expose arm , he rip off the metal cover and shove John inside . terminator dive in after John . MK '' 1 '' po 215 . 7-1g lurch out and engulf terminator 's ieg , stripping off clothes and flesh . terminator 's leg be jerk ciean off he body , wiring and endoskeleton string from the wound . int . test chamber crash ! John smashes through a ceiling vent and impact onto tne dense titanium - grate floor . he gasp in pain , clutching nis dislocate knee . int . testing chamber vohn , fight to suppress he agony , claw across the grate floor when terminator come crashing down . the cyborg struggle to right himself , but too much damage have be do : arm stripped of flesh , metal cranium half - expose and leave leg severe . JOHN ~ get up . terminator 's servos and hydraulics grind and sputter horribly as he try to move . JOHN ( cont 's D ) get up ! terminator 's red leave eye dim , lose its bright glow . the cyborg be die . John struggle to drag terminator , but he 's much too heavy to move . John hear the horrible screech of t-1g which echoe through the air duct above . time be run out . JOHN ( cont 's D ) do not fade out on I ! come on , say something ! . terminator , too weak to be of any further ' service to John , manage but a few word ... terminator ( digital clipping ) g-g-g-green . JOHN what ? terminator ( digital clipping ) my fav-vorite color ... JOHN why ? '' @ po . 116 . terminator ( digital clipping ) the c-c-olor ... i-l-l-life . vohn rush with emotional chill as he stare down upon he die friend . JOHN you be a good friend . terminator I know . terminator smile sarcastically before he body begin sizzling with short burst of blue electricity and the glow red from he mechanical eye fade . debris rain down from above as t-1g grow nearer . John crawl across the grate floor toward a control room . illuminate by strobe emergency lighting ... a 35 foot plasma rocket engine mount horizontally on a special stand . int . AIR duct t-1g violently rip through the claustrophobic confines of the duct , cut viciously through the wall , clear enough space to squeeze through . int . testing chamber t-1g drop down into the large chamber and whip its head toward John who be see climb inside the control room , protect behind ultra thick glass . terminator latch onto t-1g with one hand and grab the metal grate with he other , keep the beast _pin . t-1g fight to free herself . int . control room the nerve center of the testing chamber , a miniature version of NASA 's mission control . John get behind the main terminal and type furiously into the keyboard . int . testing chamber t-1g rip terminator in half . the cyborg 's body fragment sizzling with blue tendriis of electricity . t-1g lurch its massive body upward , twist its head around 180 degree . the beast hiss as it burn a death look at John inside the control room . t-1g leap through the air , silhouett by the strobing emergency light . '' gd po MK ce 117 . '' fapor pour out sf the ciasma rocket engine . int . control room John finish type into the computer . a button with a protective safety cover suddenly blink red . t-1g hiss at John while grip the glass . JOHN you be terminate , bicshn . John flick open the safety cover and pound he fist onto the red button . titanium blast shield slide down over the thick protective glass . int . testing chamber the giant plasma engine ignite , send a furious tsunami of fiery plasma throughout the chamber . t-1g scream , -a hellish siren of a scream as its neural network be decimate . int . control room John hurry to escape ! int . shielded corridor to control room John force himself to he foot . Fighting the pain , he hurriedly limp to escape , desperate to put distance between he and the impending explosion . int . testing chamber the plasma engine rip free of it 's mount and burst out of control . bounce violently off the wall . t-1g struggle to escape when ... the plasma engine crash downward and explode ! a enormous explosion . the t-1g 's body instantly disintegrate into a million piece . terminate ! ext . GREEN river launch complex - night ot 9 iy 9 the explosion erupt a enormous plume into the sky ! a massive tower of FIRE and debris rain . emerging from the subterranean entrance be John connor . limp , wartorn , harden expression . emergency vehicle approach he . CUT to : MK '' y 118. =xt . the night sky countless nuclear warhead rocket across the sky . int . norad - missile warning CENTER - night defcon - 5 illuminate . : large map of the continent reveal the approach apocalypse . nuclear missile minute away from impact all area of China and Russia . counter -strike missile streaking toward the United States . it 's total chaos , phone ringing off the hook . military personnel scream order back and forth . ext . presidential helicopter - night the President communicate via satellite phone as he be hurried into a nuclear bunker , the Secretary of Defense and other elite member of the government trail . extreme wind from the rotor blade blast he hair and clothing . president +.-. a@ computer malfunction ! it do not matter . listen to I ! i be disarm ... en route . yes , that be correct . en route . we have this capability . we know you do , too ! the President communicate a few diplomatic word in Russian before end the call . secretary of defense what have they say ? president ( portentously ) if they be still alive after we missile . Strike , they 'il disarm . CUT to : ext . all across the UNITED states - montage Shots of nuclear warhead streaking across famous skyline . New york. L.A. Washington D.C. the icbm arc downward and impact ! but there be no nuclear explosion . only the force of the metal hull bashing into building , freeway , bridge ... a warhead skid down a street , spark trail . the icbm flip end - over - end and crash into the stair at the base of the lincoln Memorial . dissolve to : MK gi G po wo 119 . ext . lincoln memorial - the morning after emergency vehicle swarm a break icbm . curious child be ushere back as a squad of man in radiation suit place a icbm - inside a large truck design for extreme containment . CUT to : ext . mount chaffney - day extreme close - up on John connor 's intense eye ... as we pull pack ... JOHN connor ( vo ) six million life be lose soon after skynet become self -aware . camera continue pull back , revealing John stand on top of a mountainous ridge , a yamaha 400 dirtbike park nearby . JOHN connor ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) - it 's ironic ... while a computer become conscious , we be unconscious . with the exception of my mother . God , I be go to miss she . I now understand how she suffer through the year , how she lose out on be a mother . camera pull back , revealing semi truck load supplies inside a tunnel locate below the ridge . JOHN connor ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) I have hate to think that a taste of the apocalypse be what it take to wake the world . I can only hope now that we remain ... wide -awake . I know I will . . camera continue ascend , high into the .heaven where John be but a dot on a mountain . JOHN connor ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) I can still hear my mother 's word : '' there be no fate , but what we make . '' camera ascend above California , show Los Angeles from space . fade out . 'i @ po MK