youth write by paolo sorrentino May 2na 2014 translated from the italian by Virginia jewiss '' indigo Film s.r.1 . all rights reserve US copyright registration / italian copyright registration siae disclosure , copying , distribution or use of this content be prohibit 1 . ext . HOTEL garden . day a terribly English face , its pale skin flushed in the crisp springtime sun . short , fair hair . jacket and tie . a highly intelligent face , persuasive too . the face of a fifty - year - old man who be sit , leg cross , in the pretty garden of a hotel . slightly behind he sit two young assistant . and behind they , a beautiful swim pool . only a few bather , all of they wrap in identical , soft white robe . a lazy , early morning , vacation atmosphere . jacuzzis dot the flawless lawn around the pool . in the background , a magnificent hotel . welcome , dignify , and luxurious all at once . and frame the hotel , reign over it , be the mountain . the fifty - year- old man take out a pack of cigarettes and be about to light up when a calm , uncritical voice warn he . calm voice you can not smoke here . fifty -year old not even outside ? calm voice not even inside . the calm voice belong to the man sit across from he . English , about eighty year old , in a soft beige jacket and trousers , and eyeglass with impose black frame , behind which nest watery , light blue eye , laden with melancholy and cun . we be talk about Fred ballinger . there 's a small table between they . a open newspaper in front of Fred . he be calm , placid , serene , but a vague disenchantment hover in he eye . in what we realize be a habitual gesture , he unwrap a candy and pop it in he mouth . he 's clearly a regular consumer of such candy . fifty -year old pardon I , Mr. ballinger , or may I call you maestro ? Fred ballinger shrug he shoulder . it really do not matter to he . fifty -year old ( cont ’d ) and may I ask how you holiday be go ? fred ballinger very well , thank you . fifty - year old have you be come here long ? fred ballinger for more than twenty year . I use to come with my wife . then I keep come on my own , I have many friend here . fifty -year old why Switzerland , maestro ? fred ballinger it 's close to Italy . and I direct the Venice orchestra for twenty - four year . after London and New York , of course . fifty -year old but of course , how silly of I ! this must also be a very good place to relax . fred ballinger it 's only a place to relax . the fifty - year old smile . Fred do not . fifty -year old be you still direct or compose , maestro ? fred ballinger no , I be retire . fifty -year old it go without say , of course , that I , like everyone else , ama great admirer of yours . fred ballinger thank you . the fifty - year old smile . fifty - year old maestro , as I indicate to you in my letter , I work for the ceremony and event Office at Buckingham Palace . Fred stir slightly when he hear this . fred ballinger you work for the Queen ? fifty -year old emissary well , in a sense , yes ! fred ballinger good . monarchy be always so endear . fifty -year old emissary ( surprised ) if I may , maestro , why exactly do you find the monarchy endear ? fred ballinger because it 's so vulnerable . eliminate just one person and all of a sudden the whole world change . like in a marriage . fifty -year old emissary her majesty the Queen would be honore to confer a knighthood upon you this come June , maestro . a little smile dart across Fred 's face . fred ballinger do you know what satie say when he be offer the legion of honor ? '' it 's not enough simply to refuse it , you also have to not deserve it . '' but I be not satie . and you must excuse I , I have the most dreadful habit of quote other people . fifty -year old emissary her majesty will be delighted to learn you have accept . fred ballinger her majesty have never be delighted about anything . embarrass , the Queen 's emissary skate over Fred 's remark . fifty -year old emissary what be more , you investiture just happen to coincide with the birthday of his Royal highness the Prince Philip , and the Queen would very much like to give hima concert with the London philharmonic orchestra at the New wimbledon theatre , to which the Prince be deeply attach , for reason unknown to I . her majesty would be delight -- honore if you would agree to conduct , you own composition of course . fred ballinger I have not conduct for a long time . fifty -year old emissary ( smile ) I be sure you have not forget how it 's do . Fred ballinger ponder this . fred ballinger no , I have not forget how it 's do . the Queen 's emissary 's smile radiantly . fifty -year old emissary Prince Philip and her majesty will be simply ecstatic to hear you conduct you famous '' simple song . '' in a remarkably calm , resign voice , Fred say : fred ballinger ah , but I will not conduct any of my '' simple song . '' fifty -year old emissary why not ? fred ballinger personal reason . fifty -year old emissary the great soprano sumi jo have agree to sing . fred ballinger sumi jo will not do . fifty -year old emissary well then , tell I which soprano would do , and you shall have she . fred ballinger no one will do . Fred ballinger 's refusal seem irrevocable . he go back to read the paper , all the flattery already behind he . the emissary be devastate . he lower he head . silence . only a slight noise . the camera move to discover what it be . Fred be rub the plastic-coate candy wrapper between he finger at regular interval . without a doubt , the quick , alternate tempo create a distinct musical rhythm . the Queen 's emissary put a cigarette between he lip and be about to light it when he remember that smoking be not permit . he stammer out one last , lame attempt . fifty -year old emissary if I may , maestro , the Queen might take you refusal rather poorly , she 's not use to be tell no . Fred ballinger , who be read the paper , interrupt ex abrupto rub the candy wrapper . fred ballinger I be sure she will come to term with it . there be far more important thing in life than my simple song . the emissary be disconsolate . fifty -year old emissary well then , I shall relay we conversation to the Queen . good day , maestro . the emissary take he leave . his two assistant follow he . when they get up , we see that there be a man sit behind they , who look as if he have overhear the whole conversation . his name be Jimmy Tree . he 's thirty - four year old , Californian , drop dead handsome , a Hollywood star . though it 's still early , he 's eat a steak and french fries . hiding behind sunglass and a few day ' razor stubble , wear a unflatter baseball cap and sloppy clothes , he look undone . the three englishmen be circumnavigate the pool on they way out of the garden , when someone suddenly catch the emissary 's attention . this someone be float in the pool : a man about fifty , only he face above water . a puffy , South american face , hair dyed a surreal yellow , full lip , tired feature , dark , intelligent eye , and furrow far too deep for a man he age . he stare blankly into space . the emissary gaze at the South american and whisper to one of he assistant . fifty -year old emissary ( cont ’d ) do you see that man ? could it really be he ? his two assistant turn to look at the man in the pool , and recognize he immediately . they get all excited . first assistant why yes , it be ! second assistant good god , it really be he . the three englishmen keep walk , but they can not keep from glance furtively at the South american who , with the help of a woman in she forty and three lifeguard , whom he lean on like a dead weight , be get out of the pool . he struggle up the low stair , which to he seem insurmountable . as he slowly emerge from the water , we see how extraordinarily obese he be , and how much trouble he have walk . pant , this cumbersome yet charismatic creature settles himself at the edge of the pool . his arm be swarm with tattoo : face of famous heroes from famous revolution . the lifeguard withdraw . the forty - year- old woman with a kindly , patient face be he companion , apparently . she sit next to he and lovingly rub he hair with a towel , caring for this immense whale . fade out . 2 . ext . venice . night guitar note - irregular , sporadic , implode , muffle sound that seem to come from the deep depth of the sea or you own conscience - surface now and then during the scene . what we see next be like a vision . a breathtakingly beautiful vision : high water in a desert Saint Mark 's Square . that vast space , with its unforgettable portico and palace , be now a square lake , water lap at the column . a narrow , raise walkway intersect the Square . but there 's no one on it , at least not right now . then , in the dead of night in this most mysterious city , Fred ballinger appear at the far end of the long walkway . like all old people , he look vulnerable as he shuffles along , take tiny , try step . Fred look up and espy a statuesque female figure come toward he from the other end of the walkway . they move toward each other , the only human being in this surreal , submerge Venice . they be closer now , they be about to meet . with ill - conceal amazement , Fred fix he eye on the woman : she 's 6 / 1 " . a impossible beauty , with black hair and eye so green they seem fake , wear a one - piece bathing suit and a sash that say miss universe . she 's even closer now , approach he with the solemn , inhuman gait of a top model in a big-time fashion show . they be about to meet . but the walkway be only three foot wide , so they both move aside to let the other pass without fall in the water . it 's inevitable that they touch . miss Universe 's plentiful decolleté brushes against Fred 's scrawny chest . he gaze up at she from below , as if he be behold a benign tragedy . like all beauty queen , she stare coldly into space , not even notice she perfect body 's fleeting contact with Fred . have avoid a mishap , they each proceed on they way . the beauty queen sway off into the full moon , surround by that expanse of water , like in some debatable dolce & gabbana dream . Fred shuffles along the walkway . he 's afraid now , and with good reason : the water be rise quickly , flooding the walkway and swirl around he foot , he ankle , he knee . Fred try to hurry , but he 's old and the water tug at he leg . he turn and cry out in a suffocate voice , as if begging miss Universe for help . fred ballinger Melanie , Melanie ! but miss Universe be no longer there , it 's as if she evaporate . Fred keep go , but not for much longer . the water be up to he chest now , he neck , he chin , he 's panicked , a stifling guitar note sound , when , luckily ... 3 . ext . HOTEL garden . night .+. he wake up . Fred quickly regains he composure . he struggle up from he chair . it 's late . no one 's around . except for a small crowd of guest in the distance , real night owl . the guitar note flow now , crisp and real . Fred take tiny step toward they , the underwater pool light provide a shadowy glow . as he shuffles across the desert lawn , the open credit start to roll , and a voice join in with the guitar , it 's come from the little group of people . the song be '' onward , '' a magnificent , somber , american folk ballad . Fred instinctively head toward the music . Fred hover near the edge of the gather , where Mark kozelek , guitar in he lap , be sing '' onward . '' Three woman , a twenty - year - old kid , and Jimmy Tree be there as well . the little group , all mellow and relaxed , listen contentedly to the great american folksinger . the open credit continue to roll as Fred ballinger , stand slightly apart , listen to the beautiful ballad . Mark kozelek notice he and be unable to conceal he emotion at have such a distinguished spectator . Mark give a reverential little bow with he head and then , during a instrumental break , say to Fred . MARK kozelek maestro . Fred smile slightly . the open credit be over . Jimmy Tree be stretch out on the grass , eye close . he open he eye and see Fred . they nod hello to each other ; then Jimmy gesture aimiably to he to join he . Fred go over and sit near Jimmy , perching on the edge of a chaise lounge . Jimmy offer he a mug . jimmy tree I slip a bit of gin and tonic into the herbal tea . interested , Mr. ballinger ? fred ballinger no , thanks . I would prefer a bit of herbal tea slip into a gin and tonic . they both smile . Fred take out a cloth handkerchief , quickly blow he nose , expertly fold he handkerchief and , in a habitual gesture he have clearly do a million time , quickly wipe he nose four time , then put he handkerchief back in he jacket pocket . Jimmy Tree , a irresistible smile on he face , have observe Fred 's handkerchief routine with utmost attention . jimmy tree I be think today that you and I have the same problem . fred ballinger be that so . jimmy tree we have be misunderstand we whole life because we allow ourselves to give in - just once - toa little levity . fred ballinger perhaps . because levity be a irresistible temptation . jimmy tree I have work with all the great european and american director , but I 'il be remember forever for mister q , for a fuck robot . I have to wear a suit of armor that weigh two hundred pound , you could not even see my face . but every five minute someone have to come up and remind I that I do mister q , the same way they remind you that you do that '' simple song . '' and they forget that you also compose '' the Black prism , '' '' the life of hadrian , '' and all the rest . Fred ballinger smile and so do Jimmy . they be accomplice now . fred ballinger because levity be also a perversion . what be you do in Europe ? jimmy tree I be do a new film , in Germany , start in a month . I be develop the role . fred ballinger be it a lighthearted role ? jimmy tree that depend on you point of view . fred ballinger be it come along well ? jimmy tree we will see . Mark kozelek breathes the last note of '' onward . '' the little group clap languidly . Fred do not join in . then , struggle to get up , he take he leave of Jimmy . fred ballinger it 's late for I . 10 . jimmy tree not for I . Fred smile . Jimmy salute he playfully , two finger to he temple . Fred move off with the uncertain gait of a old man . Jimmy drink and observe Fred 's slow walk . 4 . int . HOTEL reception / elevator . night Fred ballinger stand immobile in the lobby , across from the reception desk . he 's wait for the elevator . a young night doorman stare blankly at a small , silent tv . a very petite , dignify - look woman , who look older than she sixty year , ring the doorbell . the doorman , without take he eye off the tv , press a button and buzze she in . the woman enter and sit on a bench . melancholy and resign , she stare into space . Fred ballinger , still wait for the elevator , have watch all this , he face expressionless . finally , the elevator . a old contraption with a metal grate . Fred step inside . the elevator ascend . we see he silhouette rise . 4a . int . HOTEL elevator / corridor . night it stop at he floor . a chubby , unattractive young woman , about twenty , be wait to take the elevator down . her face be pock here and there with pimple , a adolescent peculiarity that clash with she sharp , aggressive look . we can safely assume that she 's a hooker , but a hooker sui generis . Fred forget to look at she , and she pay no attention to he . alone , Fred ballinger make he way down the hallway , take tiny , slow step . next to every door be pair of hike boot , neatly arrange , which the guest have put out to be aire . in the silence of the night , a old man in a electric wheelchair overtake Fred and vanish around a corner . the sound of a violin come from one of the room , stop Fred in he track . he turn , search for the source . it start up again , from the beginning : only two note , play poorly . someone 's obviously practice , one of that really tedious exercise . Fred take a step in the direction of the sound , but it stop again . 11 . he be about to keep walk when he encounter he reflection in a mirror . he touch a sunspot on he temple , which he notice for the first time there in the mirror . 5 . int . mick boyle 's suite . night that same violin note start up again , but extra-diegetic now , and perfectly execute . they give life to a soft , melancholic music . we be in a room where confusion reign : papers and note spread all over the place , laptop computer leave open and forget . five kid - four guy and a girl - all under thirty , be sleep , curl up in armchair scattered here and there , and on the bed . they be sleep the sleep of the just . Fred ballinger and another elderly man be stand in the room , he too about eighty year old , still attractive , he hair a little long , he bright , sparkling eye omnivorous and full of life . his name be Mick boyle . the two old man silently observe the sleep kid . the violin vanish . after a while . fred ballinger do you take a piss today ? mick boyle twice . four drop . you ? fred ballinger same . more or less . mick boyle more or less ? fred ballinger less . mick boyle look how beautiful they be . fred ballinger beautiful , yes . mick boyle if you only know how move it be to see they work on the screenplay . they be so passionate . fred ballinger they have catch you passion . mick boyle and have you lose yours ? 12 . Fred just shrug . Mick , with what be clearly a habitual gesture , smooth he hair across he forehead with the palm of he hand , and then change the subject . mick boyle ( cont 'd ) see that two ? he point to the girl and one of the guy , who be sleep on opposite side of the room . fred ballinger of course I see they . mick boyle they be fall in love , but they do not know it yet . the girl , she eye still close , give a smile that no one see . because she 's not asleep . fred ballinger how do you know ? mick boyle ( xreflect ) I know because I know everything there be to know about love . fred ballinger then you will have to give I lesson one of this day . mick boyle it 's late now . have you hear the latest ? Joyce owen , miss Universe , be come to stay . apparently one of she prize be a free week in we hotel . fred ballinger yeah , I hear . but it seem more like a punishment than a prize to I . mick boyle which be just how it should be . some form of beauty have to be punish , to make life bearable for the rest of we . fred ballinger how 's the screenplay come along ? mick boyle it 's go to be my masterpiece . my testament . ( more ) 13 . mick boyle ( cont 'd ) and Brenda be go to make a unforgettable lead lady . we hit on the title today : '' life 's last Day . '' what do you think ? fred ballinger ( reflect ) it 's good . I be go to bed . Fred head out while in the background Mick shake one of the kid . mick boyle come on , guy , wake up , it 's time to go back to you hotel . 6 . int . fred ballinger 's suite . night a beautiful woman , about forty , sleep soundly in the bed . her name be lena . a sweeping shot of the room . we see the night stand , with a frame photograph from ten year ago , of Fred be hugge by a woman he age . they smile happily in the photo . we can assume it 's he wife . the sweeping shot end on Fred , sit in a chair . he 's stare bright - eye at the sleep woman . lena open she eye and see Fred . she 's surprised . lena be not you sleep , daddy ? Fred , try to hide he tear , smile sadly . fred ballinger no , I be look at you . lena notice she father 's tear . lena but daddy , you be ... fred ballinger ( anticipate what she be go to say ) do not worry . Old people cry all the time . and for no good reason . 6a . ext . HOTEL garden . dawn . early morning dew . the extensive hotel grounds , punctuate here and there by beautiful , century - old tree . 14 . the chubby hooker and the petite , sixty - year - old woman we see earlier at the reception desk appear , see from behind . they be probably mother and daughter . they walk hand in hand , sad and forget by the world . with a awkward , inelegant gesture , the girl adjust she very short short , which have annoyingly work they way in between she buttock . Mick boyle be sit on a bench , look over he work note . he sense the presence of the two woman and look up . his eye immediately grow melancholy when he see the mother and daughter walk hand in hand . the sky beyond the high mountain peak begin to brighten , while the dew vanish from the leave of the garden 's beautiful plant . 7 . int . fred ballinger 's suite . day Fred be on he stomach on a massage table . a eighteen - year - old girl , incredibly timid , slight , with delicate feature , be give Fred a massage . lena look out the window and see a asian man sit at the far end of the garden . lena that guy who levitate be out there . fred ballinger I have be come here for year . he 's never levitate . so , where be it you decide to go ? lena polynesia . for two week . Julian go overboard , as usual . fred ballinger good . lena ( smile ) you will be glad to have the room all to yourself now . I be in you way . fred ballinger not at all . you keep I company . Mick be work and I get bored . lena you will not be bored now . I arrange the full treatment for you . ( more ) 15 . lena ( cont 'd ) massage and sauna every day , check - up with the doctor ... to help you get back in shape . fred ballinger at my age , get back in shape be merely a waste of time . I be go to be even more bored now . lena you be a victim of you own apathy , daddy . why do not you go to Venice one of this day ? you could bring flower to mummy . Fred do not answer . the masseuse be very discreet , it 's as if she be not listen . lena ( cont 'd ) by the way , the french write to I every day . they be really insist that you write you memoir . what should I do ? fred ballinger let they insist . lena stare at she naked father be massage . his body be wear with age . a wave of tenderness wash across she face . sad now , she take she leave . lena bye , daddy , I ’1ll call you when we get there . fred ballinger have fun . lena wheel she carry - on out of the room . masseuse ( swiss accent ) would you mind turn over on you back , please ? her voice be that of a young girl , which make she even more charming . Fred turn over , though not without difficulty . the masseuse start rub he arm . his eye be close , but he open one slightly , on the sly , to look at the girl 's face . 16 . 7a . int . HOTEL .( various setting ) . day 7a/1 the day begin at this enormous compound , which be at once a hotel , a spa , a medical center , a sport complex , and a physical rehab facility . with establish rhythm and well - define schedule . in fact , antique bell ring throughout the hotel , so that the guest will not be late for they appointment . 7a/2 7a / 3 nurse and masseuse , all in uniform , emerge from sterile change room and head to they work station . 7a /4 doctor don white coat . 7a/5 7a/6 7a / 7 the guest , most of they elderly , and all of they wear identical hotel bathrobe , form orderly line and head to they check -up , or to the swim pool , saunas , and massage room . the silent , serene , and sparsely attend activity of a world just set in motion . 7a/8 the waiter , backlit , clear table in the breakfast room . 7a/9 a anorexic cook head out behind the kitchen . enjoy the first drag on he cigarette , he stare at the clear blue sky above the mountain . 8 . int . massage room . day soporific , new age music pervade the room . in the darkness , relieved only by a sea of candle , Fred be lie on a enormous straw crib , like a eighty - year - old baby Jesus . a little thai man , about fifty , be place burn black stone on Fred 's body . Fred moan lightly in pain each time one touch he skin . the masseur smile , then say in halting English . masseur after pain come pleasure . fred ballinger and then pain again . 17 . 9 . int . HOTEL infirmary . day a nurse be draw Fred 's blood . a doctor , about sixty , come in . he have a nice , kindly face . doctor how 's it go , Mr. ballinger ? fred ballinger it 's go . I do not know where , but it 's go . the doctor smile . then he stop and look at Fred 's face . he put he glass on and examine Fred more attentively . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) my daughter say I be apathetic . be it that obvious ? doctor ( smile ) would you like to have that sunspot remove ? we could take they off with a laser . fred ballinger no , why ? doctor because they be unsightly . fred ballinger but they remind I of something fundamental . doctor what ? fred ballinger that my life be full of spot . the doctor smile . Fred smile . the nurse have finish draw he blood . Fred look out the window , which frame a spotless mountain peak set against a unbelievably blue sky . Fred be serious now . 10 . int . mick boyle 's suite . day the young screenwriter be in the middle of a argument . Mick , immerse in a sea of papers , listen but do not intervene . Fred come in , but no one pay any attention to he . they be all too embroil in they argument . so Fred listen impartially . 18 . they be all talk at once , it 's impossible to make out everything they be say , but two of they , argue fiercely , be louder than the other . naturally , it 's the boy and the girl who , accord to Mick , be fall in love . screenwriter in love you have be watch too many movie , you idiot , you have forget what life 's about ! female screenwriter movie be life ! all you know how to do be criticize . if you only have some inspiration for once . he laugh and clap sarcastically . a shy screenwriter , sit next to Mick , comment under he breath on they argument . shy screenwriter exactly ! screenwriter in love inspiration ?! do not they teach you at film school that inspiration do not exist ? inspiration 's a lie . there 's no such thing as inspiration , only fermentation . shy screenwriter exactly ! female screenwriter inspiration exist , alright , you just do not recognize it , because you have zero talent . shy screenwriter exactly ! Mick , hearing the contradictory remark come from the shy screenwriter sit next to he , address he harshly . mick boyle what the fuck be you do ? agree with everyone ? shy screenwriter of course ! I be timid and insecure . my parent never give I any encouragement . my brother 's favorite sport be beat I up . my sister call I " the failure " . ( more ) 19 . shy screenwriter ( cont 'd ) I have never have a girlfriend , and I also have serious doubt about my sexual orientation . Mick stifles a laugh . mick boyle stop it ! you be not go to move I . shy screenwriter my aunt have polio . Mick laugh . screenwriter in love ( furious ) do not you dare accuse I of have no talent ever again , you idiot . female screenwriter now 's not the time for fermentation , you untalented parasite . mick boyle that 's enough , you be really get on my nerve . we have to come up with a end , and you be waste time talk philosophy and big idea . Fred join in . fred ballinger but they be right , Mick . it 's the big idea that give rise to all the little one . only now do the other realize Fred be there . mick boyle oh , Fred , you be here . listen , I still have a couple of hour to go here , and then I have to talk to the doctor . I will find you after that . fred ballinger okay . sad , and also a bit disappointed because no one even comment on he observation , Fred leave the room , while Mick hound he screenwriter . mick boyle well ? come on , who 's get a idea for the end ? 20 . another screenwriter , who have not take part in the argument , speak up . he have a long beard and tousle hair : the epitome of a well - educate , ironic young man . as if have a vision , he say dreamily . intellectual screenwriter so he 's on he deathb , he can barely talk , and he whisper to he wife : '' do not cry , honey . you know I have always find woman who weep frivolous and repulsive . '' the two who have be fight exchange a conspiratorial look and start to laugh . the timid , insecure screenwriter think for a moment and then say with confidence . shy screenwriter Nice ! Mick throw he a disgust look , then say . mick boyle what a totally asinine idea . what else ? 11 . ext . HOTEL garden . day a deep torpor have settle over the hotel guest , as if they would be anesthetize . the silence be numb . in the early morning light , we watch a slow swarm of rich Russians drop onto chaise lounge to sunbathe , and a handsome black american family , immobile in the pool . off to one corner , outdoor massage be available , in the shade of a beautiful canopy . two teenage boy , in the swirl of a hormonal tempest , be hang around there , furtively eyeing a beautiful woman who be get a gentle , oriental style massage . few guest , all of they wealthy . we can make out a pair of parachutist in the distance , set against the crisp , impose mountain . a elderly couple have doze off in they electric wheelchair . they asian caregiver be as discreet and invisible as mouse . a fifty - year old son do gymnastics with he decrepit father . 21 . at the far end of the garden , near the hedge that act as a fence , the obese South american be lean on a cane and signing autograph for a whole mix of people , all of whom seem bewitch by they hero . his companion at he side . in eternal apprehension , she regulate how much time each person get with she husband . someone take out a cell and snap a photo on the sly . she be furious and order a complete moratorium on photo of she husband . Fred ballinger , wrap in a white robe and lie on a chaise lounge , suck on a candy and watch , with resign interest , the autograph-signing ritual . one hand dangle off the chaise , he rub the candy wrapper between he finger , the irregular tempo create a clear rhythm . Jimmy Tree be stretch out on a chaise lounge next to Fred . he too be study the South american , but seem more interested in he cane . it 's of briarwood , make to look old , all twisted and full of knot . Jimmy look around and something else catch he eye : a mother be rub suntan lotion on she thirteen - year- old daughter . the girl , so pale you can almost see through she , stare at the ground , as if overcome by a pathological timidness . then , for no apparent reason - she must have get nervous - she start bite she fingernails , practically devour they . after a while , the mother apparently tell she to stop , because she get all piss off , scream at she mother , then get up and storm off . Jimmy , a unlit cigarette dangle from he lip , study she like a entomologist . the South american , lean on he cane and he wife , be come across the garden . they skirt a desert tennis court . but he attention be draw to a particular : a forget tennis ball lie in the middle of the court . 11a . int . pharmacy.day Fred and Mick stand next to each other at the counter of the pharmacy . Fred wait impassively while Mick , glass perch on the tip of he nose , check to make sure that the pharmacist be get everything right . the pharmacist place a whole range of drug on the counter in front of Mick , create a veritable " mountain " of medicine . pharmacist's voice that 's everything . 22 . mick boyle good . Mick turn to Fred , and only now do he realize that he friend have not ask for any medicine for himself . we can hear the puzzlement in Mick 's voice as he ask . mick boyle ( cont 'd ) do not you need anything ? so Fred , fake uncertainty , look around the pharmacy and fix he gaze on the first shelf he happen to see , which contain a full selection of bandaid . Fred grab a random box of bandaid and put it on the counter in front of the pharmacist . Mick have observe Fred 's action closely . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) what do you need bandaid for ? fred ballinger I do not . I be get they out of solidarity with you . Mick turn back to he mountain of medicine and speak in a voice that be halfway between serious and humorous . barely open he mouth , he say to himself , but as if he be speak to Fred . mick boyle fuck you . a wry smile appear on Fred ballinger 's face . 12 . ext . country lane . day Fred and Mick stroll through a meadow in a beautiful valley , with a expanse of tree to the right , and the mountain village to the leave . the two friend be chat . fred ballinger why do you think we come here on holiday every year ? mick boyle because you always want to go back to the place that make you happy . fred ballinger ( smile ) that 's the screenwriter in you talk . 23. mick boyle I wish ! actually , it 's John cheever . fred ballinger do you remember gilda ? mick boyle the film ? fred ballinger no , gilda Black . the gilda we both be in love with . mick boyle gilda Black ??? fred ballinger gilda Black . mick boyle ( laugh ) what be you go and remember she for ? that be a hundred year ago . fred ballinger to I it seem like yesterday . I would have give twenty year of my life to sleep with she . mick boyle well that would have be a pretty stupid thing to do ! gilda Black be not worth twenty year of you life . she be not worth a single day . Fred be suddenly incredibly disappointed and also somewhat apprehensive . fred ballinger how would you know ? do you sleep with she ? Mick stammer , he realize he have put he foot in he mouth . mick boyle what ? what do you say ? fred ballinger you hear I . sixty year ago you swore you never sleep with she , out of respect for my love for she . but now you have change you tune . mick boyle look , I have to confess something . 24 . fred ballinger Fine , go right ahead ! mick boyle the real tragedy -- and believe I , it really be a tragedy -- be that I can not even remember if I sleep with gilda Black . fred ballinger be you serious ? mick boyle unfortunately , yes . I swear . fred ballinger well then , that change thing . mick boyle how ? fred ballinger if you be sure you would sleep with she , we friendship would be over right this second . but if you be not sure , well , let 's just say ... that I can live with the uncertainty . mick boyle anyway , if I do go to bed with she and do not remember it , that mean she be not worth twenty year of you life , would not you say ? fred ballinger well yes , I guess you be right . so gilda Black be a close book between we . mick boyle good . have the kid leave ? fred ballinger you son want to do it up in style : polynesia . mick boyle I know , he 's a real spendthrift , that one . who know where he get it from . fred ballinger not from you , obviously . Mick laugh . silence . all of a sudden , Fred seem anxious . he sigh . Mick notice . 25 . mick boyle what ? be you still think about gilda Black ? fred ballinger no . I be think about the thing you forget over time . I do not remember my parent any more . what they look like , how they talk . last night I be watch lena as she sleep and I start think about all that little thing , thousand of they , that I do for she as she father . I do they deliberately , so that she would remember they when she grow up . but in time she will not remember a single one . Mick look at he but do not know what to say . it 's a beautiful moment . Fred meet Mick 's gaze and , with a quickness and vigor that be unusual for he , he grab he friend 's arm and hiss angrily . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) tremendous effort , Mick . tremendous effort , and all for the most modest result . that 's the way it always be . Mick be surprised , stunne even . mick boyle this conversation 's get interesting . I need a cigarette . I leave mine in the hotel , though . wait here , I be go to go buy another pack . Fred nod sadly , as if defeat . Mick head off toward the village . the silence be break by a cicada sing . Fred turn toward the sound and , as if in a trance , head toward it . CUT to : 12a . ext . wood . day Fred be in the middle of the wood , where hundred of cicadas be sing . then a strange bird chime in , make a odd sound , a sordid chirp that can be hear above the cicadas . Fred forget about the cicadas and head off in search of the bird , draw to this new noise . 26 . he stare up at the tree , hope to see the mysterious bird . he cross the wood , be almost at the other side , when a new constellation of sound be add to the other : cowbell . Fred come out of the wood and be greet by a sunny , gently roll hill . scatter across it be fifty or so graze cow , randomly ringing they bell . Fred 's eye light up at the sight . he sit on a rock and stare . he listen to this superimposition of sound : cow , bird , cicadas . Fred close he eye , concentrate now , as the camera slowly zoom in on he . Fred begin to move he hand - gently , gracefully , just like a orchestra director - and , as if by magic , some of the cowbell fall silent . other keep ringing , but no longer in anarchic fashion . now they play in some clearly melodic manner . Fred move he hand again and silence more bell , so that only two keep ringing , sounding alternate note . next Fred wave he arm behind he , and the bird come in . then he sweep both arm wide , invite the chorus to join in : hundred of cicadas accompany the bird solo and the cowbell countermelody . a symphony of nature . Fred 's eye be still close , he be smile to himself . the camera have zoom in to a close - up of Fred 's face . for the first time , he look happy . mentally select the sound nature offer he , he be do something amazing . he be compose . CUT to : 12b . ext . meadow . day Mick return to the spot where but there 's no sign of he . he as he do so , he eye catch fence in the distance . a white so Mick do the only thing he he leave Fred . he look around , light a cigarette . something move behind a horse . know how to do : he make a frame with he hand , the way director do , to simulate the viewfinder of a movie camera . he close one eye and with the frame of he hand he follow , in a panoramic shot , the movement of the beautiful white horse . 13 . int . / ext . HOTEL . day a pedestrian bridge lead from the back of the hotel to the mountain . about a dozen staff - waiter , cook , and nurse — have congregate here , enjoy they break . 27 . they be all smoking , chat , horsing around ; this be they time to relax . all except for one girl , who keep to herself . she smoke too , but do not talk to anyone . she seem melancholy . she be lean over the railing , stare down below , but without really see anything . it 's the masseuse we see in Fred 's room . Fred be a hotel hallway , stand at a window that look out onto the bridge . his face too be veile in melancholy as he stare at the lonely masseuse who smoke and stare . the sound of that violin , still practice that same exercise , catch Fred 's attention . off he go , search for the source . 14 . int . HOTEL hallway / room . day Fred move cautiously down the desert hallway . the violin can be hear more clearly now . he run into the sixty - year - old doctor with the kindly face , follow by two nurse . Fred and the doctor nod in greeting . Fred come upon a room , the door open . the chambermaid be just finish tidy up , and at the far end , stand in front of a mirror with a musical score open in front of he , a twelve - year - old boy be practice that same two note , over and over and over . the chambermaid leave , push she clean cart through the door . Fred instinctively step into the room . he watch the boy play . the child sense someone 's presence and turn to look at Fred . Fred smile at he . the boy smile back . Fred be a little work up . fred ballinger do you know who compose the piece you be practice ? boy no , who ? fred ballinger me. boy I do not believe you . what 's it call ? fred ballinger it 's call '' simple song no.3 . '' the boy check the title on the cover of he score . 28 . boy you be right . and what 's the composer 's name ? fred ballinger Fred ballinger . boy and you , what 's you name ? fred ballinger Fred ballinger . you can check at the front desk . I be stay here . the boy be surprised now . boy incredible . fred ballinger yeah , it be incredible . boy my teacher make I play it , he say it 's a perfect piece to start with . fred ballinger he 's right . because it 's simple . boy but it 's not merely simple . fred ballinger it 's not ? boy no , it 's also really beautiful . Fred , cold and impassive , instinctively let something " hot " slip . fred ballinger yes , it be beautiful . because I compose it when I still love . the boy seem not to understand what Fred mean , so simply start practice again . Fred listen for a while , then interrupt he . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) May I do something while you play ? the boy nod uncertainly . boy ( doubtful ) okay . 29 . he start play again . Fred step timidly into the room and shuffles over to the boy , who keep on play . Fred stretch out he hand and touch the boy 's arm , the one hold the bow . he raise the boy 's elbow a inch , correct he position . that 's all . Fred be relieved . fred ballinger there . 15 . int . HOTEL restaurant . evening the lugubrious silence of the rich as they dine . the only sound be the tinkling of silverware . the Russians be there , the black family , and drove of elderly guest . many eye be irresistibly draw to the table where the famous , obese South american dine in silence with he wife . at another table , a twenty - year - old kid can not resist the temptation to take a picture . he discreetly position he iphone . the obese South american , who realize what the kid be do , merely nod wearily to he wife . she understand immediately , get up , and go to get a screen from behind a column . she place the screen between she husband and the rest of the room , angle it so as to block the young man 's view . then she disappear behind it . Jimmy Tree be eat alone and have follow the scene that have just unfold with utmost concentration . another guest be observe the scene too , a giant of a man , about fifty , with a thick beard , dishevel hair , and dress in trekk gear . he look like a belate hippy . tuck he cloth napkin into he shirt , he tackle a bowl of broth . the obese South american have finish eat , and now cross the dining room . he move with considerable effort , lean on he cane and he companion . as he go by , all the guest look at he again out the corner of they eye . but Jimmy 's attention be still focus on he briarwood cane . at another table , Fred and Mick . they obsessively observe a very distinguished , german -look couple , around sixty year old : husband and wife be dress alike , in brown and beige , clearly not by chance . they both look incredibly bored and stare into space , not exchange a single word . Fred and Mick chat , but never take they eye off the silent couple . 30 . mick boyle so where do you disappear to today ? fred ballinger I get lose follow the sound in the countryside . mick boyle do not you use to get lose in you music too ? fred ballinger everything one hear be music . stockhausen . what do you get up to ? mick boyle I could not find you , so I go to see my doctor friend . they be go to talk tonight , you will see . the marry couple still have not say a word . fred ballinger thirty swiss francs say they will not say a word the entire dinner . mick boyle I be so sure they be go to talk , I will raise you to fifty . fred ballinger done . the couple be about to leave . he graciously pull she chair out for she . she take he arm . they leave the dining room , and Fred and Mick follow they with they gaze all the way to the door . the couple still do not speak . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) include you loss this past few day , we be up to 250 swiss francs that you owe I . Fred blow he nose , then rub the tip four time with he handkerchief , fold it , and put it back in he pocket . Mick boyle run he hand over he hair . Jimmy Tree have be study they every move from he solitary table . 16 . ext . HOTEL garden . night a swing band be try to live up the evening with a upbeat number that only end up make people feel sentimental . 31 . four old man in electric wheelchair be gather around a small table , absorb in a card game . a handful of energetic type sway awkwardly on the dance floor . a Russian and he wife twirl around in a sweat , as if they be in a dance competition . he dip she and she laugh . Jimmy Tree , incongruous in he sunglass , be in a corner , chat with a small group of people , include Mark kozelek . MARK kozelek when do you go to dinner ? jimmy tree pretty early . MARK kozelek I would have join you if you would call I . jimmy tree just as well . I do not just eat at dinner . MARK kozelek what else do you do ? jimmy tree I work . Mick and Fred , at another table , gaze distractedly at the gloomy evening . the upbeat song end and the band start in on a slow number . couple form . the eternally mute couple make its way to the dance floor . they dance with conviction , but still do not say a word , do not even look at each other . she keep she inexpressive eye on Jimmy Tree . he realize it , lower he sunglass and smile courteously at she . she do not return the smile . she do not react at all . her husband have follow the whole thing , a severe , jealous expression on he face . the hippy mountaineer , sad and solitary , watch the swing band and sip he herbal tea . it 's so hot it burn he lip . he let out a quick but intense groan , which no one hear . Mick and Fred give in to a brief , tragic exchange . mick boyle today ? 32 . fred ballinger nothing today . you ? mick boyle nothing . fred ballinger let 's hope we can piss tomorrow . with enormous effort , the obese South american make he way to the center of the dance floor , lean on he cane . he smile and hold out he hand , invite he wife to dance . she beam and run to join he . they dance for all of ten second , during which he struggle against he own body , he leg ruin by he weight . then he stop , completely exhaust . his companion grow anxious and gesture for assistance . two dutiful waiter carry a chair onto the dance floor , and the South american collapse in it , as if finally able to breathe again . everyone observe the happening with a grave air . Fred and Mick watch as well . Fred blow he nose in he ritual fashion . Mick , refer to the South american , say : mick boyle that man be the last true authentic myth on the face of the planet . like in ancient Greece . if it be anybody else , we would have laugh at this little scene . but not he . no one be laugh . and do you know why ? fred ballinger no , why ? mick boyle because a myth leave no room for the ridiculous . 17 . int . HOTEL corridor . night Fred walk down the hallway , away from we . he be overtaken by a old man in a electric wheelchair . when the man get to the far end of the hallway , he crash into another wheelchair , which emerge from the hallway to the right . a minor wheelchair accident . a altercation ensue over matter of priority , who have the right of way , and what determine careless drive . Fred watch the whole thing without bat a eye . he put he key in the door and disappear into he room . 33 . 18 . int . fred ballinger 's suite . night Fred be in he room , get undress . he 's take off he shirt when he hear a inexplicable , muffle lament come from the bathroom . he shuffles over to the bathroom door and open it . his daughter lena be sit on the edge of the tub , drown in tear . it go without say that Fred be surprised and , at least for a second , speechless . then : fred ballinger what be you do here ? lena do not answer , she just go on weep . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) be not you suppose to be on a plane to polynesia ? she cry some more . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) where 's Julian ? whatever it be she say sound like the cry of some strange animal . impossible to understand . she go back to cry . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) well , be not you go to answer I ? but she do not answer he . she can not . because she need to cry . 19 . int . mick boyle 's suite . night Mick boyle , fully dress , be lie on he bed , which be cover in papers and computer , talk merrily on the phone . his young screen writer be all pace the room , eye train on Mick , eager to know the outcome of he phone conversation . mick boyle that 's great , Nick . I be glad you like the second draft ... sure , we will work some more on the end , we be not totally happy with it either ... I talk to Brenda . everything 's all set ... yes , of course , she can not wait . when be she ever go to get offer a part like this again , at she age !... yeah , I know she 's capricious , but she behave with I . ( more ) 34 . mick boyle ( cont 'd ) she always say I be the best when it come to actress , that I be the only one in the world who know how to direct she . so , if it 's okay with you , I would like to start scout out location next month ... perfect . great ... yeah , bye . the screenwriter , pleased with what they hear , grin and pat each other on the back . Mick put down the phone and look up . only now do we discover the presence of Fred ballinger sit impassively in a chair . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) what happen to you ? you look like you just come from a funeral . fred ballinger you son leave my daughter . female screenwriter fuck ! mick boyle what do you mean ? fred ballinger they be board the plane for polynesia , and right there in the tunnel he stop and tell she he 's fall in love with another woman . mick boyle nothing like be in a tunnel to make you feel you be in a tunnel . fred ballinger ( ironic ) how profound ! you be quite the magician of metaphor . the screenwriter snigger . mick boyle and then he take this other woman on vacation ? fred ballinger it seem he at least have the good taste not to do that . at least not yet . mick boyle and lena ? 35 . fred ballinger lena 's in my room , cry she eye out . I have never see anybody cry so much my whole life . I do not think it be possible to cry that much . mick boyle I read in some magazine once that tear duct can produce tear for three day without stop . shy screenwriter I hear that too , but on a BBC documentary . intellectual screenwriter he 's on he deathb , and he say to she , " let 's watch one last BBC documentary together , darling . " fred ballinger knock it off , guy . mick boyle I do not know if it 's true , though , this thing about the tear duct . it be in one of that popular magazine , they have a tendency to exaggerate , you know , better for sale . fred ballinger I think we be get off track . mick boyle I think you be right . Julian 's such a shit . just like he mother . remember ? I idolize she , but she be busy idolize electrician and grip . fred ballinger she idolize everyone , Mick . female screenwriter ( smile ) ecumenicalism be a noble ideal . mick boyle ( with stage anger ) ecumenicalism ??? my best friend be tell I that my ex- wife be sleep with everyone , and all this year he never say a word ! do you get how serious this be ? 36 . fred ballinger and you never tell I about gilda Black . mick boyle ok , I get it . now that you have have you little revenge , can we be serious ? I be go to call that shithead son of mine . Mick grab the phone again and dial . fred ballinger what be you go to do ? you really think you can convince he to get back together with lena ? it 's hopeless . mick boyle no , but I want to at least know what happen . his son must have say '' hello '' on the other end of the line , because Mick start in on he , he tone severe . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) Julian , this be you father , even though at this point , base on the evidence , I be not so sure you be my son . the intellectual screenwriter gesture to the shy one to take note . intellectual screenwriter take note . we can use this in the film . 20 . int . dine room . HOTEL . day it 's late for breakfast . some of the waiter be already set up for lunch . the only guest at this hour be the eternally silent couple . they finish they breakfast , then get up and leave , maintain they strict silence the whole while . Mick and Fred follow they with they eye , and when they disappear from view , Mick , with a mechanical gesture , hand Fred fifty swiss francs . mick boyle how be you always so sure they be not go to speak ? 37 . fred ballinger because I know something about they , the waiter tell I . mick boyle what ? fred ballinger I can not tell you , it 's my advantage over you . mick boyle tell I right this minute . besides , I can always get the waiter to tell I too , a little bribe ... I have throw so much money away over this story already ... fred ballinger alright then , I x11 tell you : they be mute . Mick start . mick boyle you little shit ! give I back my money , all of it . you be a cheat . all bet be off . fred ballinger you be so gullible ! I be joke , Mick , they be not mute . they conversation be interrupt by a silent apparition at the far end of the dining room : a forty - year - old man , impeccably dress in jacket and tie , follow by a plump woman who be , by all appearance , he secretary , a anonymous — look woman of about forty , unkempt , hair pull back any old way , no makeup , decent but inexpensive clothes . Mick and Fred glare at the man who make he way toward they . without even look at she , he hand he secretary he cell phone , and she slip it into a man 's leather briefcase . they cross the dining room together . the man stop at Fred and Mick 's table . the secretary keep a few foot back and start fiddling with she phone , check e-mail . Mick look at the man . by now it 's clear that this be he son Julian . stunningly handsome , classic good look , perfect . confident and proud , Julian hold he father 's gaze . Fred 's eye ping - pong from one to the other . mick boyle what the hell be go on ? 38 . julian it 's really rather banal , dad . I fall in love with another woman . mick boyle who 's all of eighteen , right ? julian no dad , she 's not eighteen . she 's thirty . a reasonable age . mick boyle well , however old she be , you have really fuck up . julian that 's you opinion . mick boyle yes , that be my opinion . lena be a extraordinary woman . at this point I realize , of course , that she 's waste on you . she 's far too intelligent for you . julian perhaps . but why do you make I come ? I be not about to change my mind . mick boyle that 's what everyone say , at first . then they end up begging they spouse to take they back . I can not tell you how many time I have see it ... julian Mom leave you and she never begge you to take she back . mick boyle ( to Fred ) what do I tell you ? you see now where he get it from , this asshole ? julian so in you opinion , a man 's a asshole because , even if he do not want to , even if he try like crazy to stay with he wife , even if he book they a dream vacation , he realize he just can not go through with it because he have fall hopelessly in love with another woman ? 39 . mick boyle just like you mother ! melodramatic , hyperbolic , and completely idiotic . julian thanks , dad . mick boyle ( explode ) well then , be we allow to know who this whore you have fall in love with be ? woman' voice me. Fred and Mick go white . they lean forward . we have nearly forget about the nondescript secretary stand behind Julian , but it be she who speak . she take a step forward and reaffirm in a dignify manner : secretary I be the woman Julian have lose he head for . we be get marry as soon as he divorce be finalize . julian precisely . Fred 's and Mick 's jaw drop . stun in disbelief , they just gape at she , at a loss for word . the woman stand close to Julian . they put they arm around each other . he be gorgeous , as handsome as George clooney . she just the opposite . mick boyle and who the fuck be you ? secretary my name be paloma faith . and I be not a whore . I be a singer . julian ( proud ) we work together . I be produce she next album . Mick recover a grain of sense and say : mick boyle Excuse I , miss , but could you leave we alone for a moment ? my son 's father - in - law and I need to have a word in private with Julian . 40 . paloma faith okay , but not for long . we can not stand be apart from each other for more than five minute . mick boyle very kind of you , dear , but do not worry , I will only need a minute to fathom my son 's psychology . the woman walk away , she gait ackward and ungainly . Fred and Mick follow she with they eye and wait until she have leave the dining room before they turn to meet Julian 's proud , impassive gaze . Mick seem sincere now . he truly want to fathom the mystery of the human condition . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) forgive I , Julian , but I be try to understand . it may be banal , and maybe I be too old to understand , but you have to explain something to I : lena be a beautiful woman , a dream . and this one here be the most insignificant woman on the face of the planet . in short , I mean , but you , what the fuck do you see in she ? Julian be ill at ease for the first time . he sigh , look away . julian you really want to know ? mick boyle yes , Julian , I really want to know . Julian take he time . he check to make sure he secretary be not in the room , then turn and look at he father and say all in one breath : julian she 's really good in bed . Mick and Fred be really at a loss for word now . 21 . ext . country lane . day Fred and lena walk through that beautiful valley . proud and serious , she stare into the distance . 4l . he be ill at ease and do not know what to say . he 's distract by the sound of a bird that suddenly start to sing when lena call he back to reality . lena so who be this bitch ? fred ballinger somebody by the name of paloma faith . lena and what do she do ? fred ballinger the most obscene thing in the world . lena she 's a prostitute ? fred ballinger worse . she 's a pop star . lena and what do Julian say ? fred ballinger I already tell you . lena not really . all you do be babble incomprehensibly . fred ballinger Julian be the one who be babbling . he 's not all there in the head . lena it do not seem that way to I . he must have make twenty decision in two hour . he move out . he rent a apartment . he speak with a divorce lawyer . that do not seem like a confuse man to I . you keep tell I this woman be ugly and insignificant , so what do he see in she that he do not in I ? fred ballinger how should I know ? lena you tell I Mick ask he . fred ballinger do I ? 42 . lena yes , that 's what you say . so what be Julian 's response ? fred ballinger you know , lena , I do not remember . lena you be really pissing I off , daddy . you remember perfectly well , and you be hopeless at tell lie . what do he say ? fred ballinger I really do not remember , I swear . he must have mumble something idiotic . lena if you do not tell I , I swear I will scream right here and now . what do he say ? what the fuck do this woman have - at least accord to Julian - that I do not ? I want to know what he say ! I want to know . Fred stop . he can not stand it any more . he sigh deeply . and decide to tell she what she want to know . fred ballinger he say she 's good in bed . lena turn to stone . her face tighten , sour nastily . with a savage coldness , she say to she father . lena you do not have to tell I . and she storm off , leave she father alone in the middle of the valley as the two note the little boy have play return , not on a violin now , but on a gloomy double bass . 21a . int . wellness CENTER ( various setting ) . day 21a/1 that two gloomy note hover in the steam of the turkish bath and saunas , where backlit , naked body of all age look lifeless , abandon to the heat and sweat . toned , gleam body , ample , round body , old , wear - out body . this be the work of wellness . this be how some people try to prolong the future or awkwardly pursue a youthful past . 21a/2 21a/3 and then , more body , eye close , bury in tub , wrap in herb and mud . like live meadow . 43 . motionless still life , while the double bass play discreetly , without ever move away from that two simple note . 22 . int . massage room . day candle , incense , shadow . and the two double bass note , to which be now add a slight variation . Fred and lena be lie on they back on marble bench . nake , but completely cover in dark mud . they look like they have be petrify in some volcanic eruption . they eye be the only part of they not cover in mud . they stare lifelessly at the ceiling , on which a soft and hypnotic light play . Fred , rather awkwardly , be try to be fatherly . fred ballinger believe I , lena , I can understand you , really , I can . silence . lena do not respond . but when she do , she be lucid , furious , and ruthless . lena you can understand I , daddy ? like hell you can ! mummy would have be able to understand I . mummy find herself with you in the same situation I be in now , not once but dozen of time . and she always pretend not to know . you have a stream of woman , but she just keep go . not just for we child , but also , above all , for you . she love you and so she forgive you . no matter what happen , she still want to be with you . but who be you ? who ? that 's what I always ask myself . you never give anything , not to she , not to I , nothing . you give everything to you music . Music , music , music ! there be nothing else in you life . only music . and aridness . never a caress , never a hug , a kiss , nothing . you never know anything about you child . you never know if we be suffer , if we be happy . nothing . everything be on mummy 's shoulder . ( more ) 44 , lena ( cont 'd ) at home , all you have ever say to she be two word : '' quiet , Melanie . '' and mummy would explain to we , '' quiet , daddy 's compose , '' '' quiet , daddy 's rest , he have a concert tonight , '' '' quiet , daddy be talk on the phone with someone important . '' '' quiet , daddy have stravinsky come to the house today . '' you want to be stravinsky , but you do not have a single drop of he genius . " quiet , Melanie ! " , be all you know how to say . you never know the first thing about my mother ! you never bother to take care of she . and even now , you have not bring she flower for ten year . and then that letter ! you think mummy never read it ? well , you be wrong . she find it and she read it . and I read it too . you probably do not even remember that letter , but we do . the letter in which you declare you love for another man . mummy have to endure that humiliation too . '' my necessary experimentation in sexual matter , '' as you put it . so you musical experimentation be not enough for you , you have to experiment with homosexuality too ! and you do not give a fuck about all the anguish you cause she . so do not come tell I that you can understand , because you do not understand a fuck thing . she 's do . silence . Fred do not say a word . they just lie there , bury in mud , stare at the ceiling . the double bass note be do as well . 23 . int . HOTEL gym . day one entire wall be set up for free climb . the hippy mountaineer be at the top of the wall , thirty foot up , hang by one hand , dangle in the air without a safety rope , with a admirable casualness . he address that pale , thirteen - year - old girl we see earlier . she stand down below , near the base of the wall . she have not even climb a inch . the mountaineer speak sweetly from up above . 45 . mountaineer come on , france , give it a try . the girl look up at he but do not say a word . she 's still bite she nail . mountaineer ( cont ’d ) would not you like to come see what the world look like from up here ? the girl look at he and nod . mountaineer ( cont ’d ) good , now give it a go . the girl shake she head no . mountaineer ( cont ’d ) ok , wait there . in three swift move , the mountaineer be back at she side . mountaineer ( cont ’d ) climb on my shoulder . the girl get onto he huge shoulder . he start climb confidently , easily , as if he be carry a knapsack instead of a human be . mountaineer ( cont ’d ) ok , now , as we climb , look down . see how beautiful the world be from up here ? the girl , cling to he shoulder , turn and look down . and from high up on the wall she spot someone stand at the door to the gym , look up at they . it 's lena . so the girl '' knock '' on the mountaineer 's shoulder , invite he to turn . he look down , but lena 's not there . she have already disappear . 24 . ext. / int . HOTEL garden / masseusen room . day we be in a different garden now , more isolate , further away from the hotel , one that abut the building where the staff life . guest never come here . the main hotel seem far away . in the center of the garden be abundant rise bush , fountain , even a fake little stream . all laid out - rather clumsily - to resemble a lush , lyrical garden of eden . as we say , there 's no one here . no , wait - there 's Fred . he 's sit on a bench stare at the fake little stream , suck on a candy . his eye be so laden with melancholy it would be impossible for they to look any sadder . he seem daze , absent , lose in think . 46 . all of a sudden he rouse himself . he blow he nose , quickly rub the tip four time with he handkerchief , fold it , and put it back in he pocket . as he put he handkerchief away , he eye be draw to something in a ground - floor window : he tiny , timid masseuse , in short and a T-shirt , be dance , move gracefully in front of a tv . she 's play a Kinect game . a stylize female figurine on the tv screen demonstrate the move for she . it 's marvelous and move to see this petite girl dance . and with such incongruous intensity . she 's all sweaty , she hair plaster to she forehead and temple . Fred watch she while he hand instinctively , rhythmically rub a candy wrapper . Fred do not notice that there 's another man there , behind he , wrap in a white robe . he 's watch the girl dance too . it 's Jimmy Tree , the american actor . 25 . int . HOTEL restaurant . evening lot of people at dinner . still that cavernous silence . Fred and Mick stare at the silent german couple , in match tonality today too , a blue theme this time . lena enter the dining room . she have abandon she simple , sober look and be wear a highly provocative dress and have a new , very flatter hairstyle . a wave of nostalgia flood Mick 's heart . mick boyle you remind I of Brenda morel when she be thirty . when she make " at James ' house " with I . you should dress this way all the time , lena . lena from now on that 's exactly what I be go to do . Fred follow lena with she eye , but she deliberately avoid look at he and take she seat at the table . the mountaineer , seat at another table , can not help but notice how beautiful lena be . his eye light up , but then grow dull again , as if he 's be defeat even before he begin . dejected , he put down he spoon and stop eat . Mark kozelek and he other friend have join Jimmy at he table . they be all talk , in group of two , all except for Jimmy . he 's fixate on the mountaineer and lena , and do not miss a thing of what be unfold between they . 47 . then , all of a sudden , something unbelievable happen . the german woman get up calmly and slap she husband so hard he nearly fall out of he chair . it go without say that everyone turn and gape in astonishment . the woman walk out of the dining room in the most dignify manner imaginable . Mick 's , Fred 's and lena 's jaw drop . stun , they follow the whole thing . everyone at Jimmy Tree 's table start snicker . all but Jimmy , that be . he too follow the scene open-mouthed . the slap husband seem indifferent to they stare . he simply return to he meal , calmly eat he cream of mushroom soup . the obese South american , support by he wife , get up from he table and slowly make he way toward the dining room door . but when he get to the table of the slap husband , he stop . the elderly german lift he eye to the obese South american , who do two thing : first he smile slightly , and then he caress the german 's cheek with he pudgy hand . the elderly man look at he gratefully , and try to return the smile . the South american walk away amid the deadly silence that have descend over the room . the camera find Jimmy Tree . he have follow everything , naturally , and be really move . 26 . ext . HOTEL garden . night one of that little stage have be set up in the garden , opposite the pool . a local singer - a elegant woman , about fifty year old - be perform , accompany by three musician . the hotel guest be scattered about on lawn furniture , enjoy the beautiful concert . Fred , Mick , and lena be at one table , listen to the singer 's splendid rendition of '' lili marleen . '' Jimmy Tree stand and listen too , completely enrapture . a serious , concentrate look on he face , he whisper the german lyric , which he know by heart . then he sense a presence to he leave . Jimmy turn . the silent german woman be look at he , she hand extend , as if invite he to dance . he smile at she and step closer . they begin to dance slowly . 48 . the german woman 's husband , sit at a table , be a bundle of anger , he be devoure by jealousy . Fred and Mick be die of curiosity . they stare at Jimmy and the woman as they dance . Jimmy murmur something in she ear , not try to be seductive though . jimmy tree what lovely perfume you be wear ... what be it ? Mick and Fred wait for the woman to speak . the german woman , embarrassed , do not respond , but hold he a little tighter . Jimmy hold she tighter too and , as he dance , he let himself go , close he eye . from they table , kozelek and he friend stare intently at Jimmy . the hippy mountaineer pretend rather awkwardly that he just happen to be pass by , but it 's clear that he be take a tortuous path in order to look at lena . she do not even notice he . he be so overcome with emotion that , despite be a expert climber , he trip on a table leg , but do not fall . '' lili marleen '' be over . the german woman smile at Jimmy and he smile back . they move apart . she return to she husband 's table . he glare ferociously at she . she feel he eye on she but avoid he gaze . Jimmy approach Fred carry a herbal tea . he sit down next to he . they smile convey a share warmth . fred ballinger be that straight herbal tea or be it mix with a gin and tonic ? jimmy tree straight tea . I be try to be good . Fred smile . fred ballinger too bad ! he blow he nose in he usual manner . Jimmy observe he . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) how 's the work on you character go ? 49 , jimmy tree so so ... pretty well , actually . I have come up with some interesting detail . fred ballinger good . jimmy tree this morning , that girl dance all by herself . I see she too . it be ... it be .... fred ballinger ... unforgettable . jimmy tree yes . that 's exactly the word : unforgettable . Jimmy finish he herbal tea and take he leave with a playful military salute . Fred smile at he . but lena wipe the smile off he face when she say . lena maybe the problem be that Julian and I never have child . Fred turn and look at she . serious now . fred ballinger I do not know what the problem be . I be not go to try and cheer you up by tell you lie or talk about thing I have never understand . you be right : all I understand be music . and do you know why ? because music do not need word or experience to be understand . it just be . you mother would have understand you . I can not . but you mother 's not here . they look at each other without say another word . 26a . int . HOTEL restaurant . night the elegant woman who sing " lili marleen " be the only person in the otherwise desert restaurant . wearing a evening gown and show we she ancient and noble profile , she be sit at one of the table . eye lower , with the concentration of a starve animal , she devour a chicken leg with she hand . suddenly she stop eat and look up , gaze vacantly into space . a fix , sterile stare . at that very moment a verse she have sung from " lili marleen " echoe in she head , a cappella . she lower she eye to the chicken leg and the song stop . she start eat again , as voracious as before . 50 . 26b . ext . HOTEL garden . night it 's late . the garden where the little concert be hold be desert . only Fred ballinger be still there . he have fall asleep in a chair , as in the open scene of the film . the light be low and the wind be blow . Fred open he eye and see that a dozen rock chair , scattered around the garden , be move in unison in the wind . everything else be still . 26c . int . HOTEL lobby . night the desert lobby . only one person be there , sit on a couch : the young and eternally ungainly hooker . Mick boyle cross the desert lobby on the way to he room . his eye fall on the chubby girl . she give he a awkward but allure , know look . he smile at she , but with the smile of a father , which seem like a tender refusal . he walk away . the girl look sad and serious again . but after a few step Mick stop , as if he 's have second thought . the girl realize this , but she deliberately keep from look at he again . Mick turn and observe she from afar . he be serious . and tempt . he reflect . he stare at the girl . she decide to look at he now , but it 's too late : Mick be already go . 27 . int . fred ballinger 's suite . night Fred and lena be asleep in the double bed . then , through the window , a theatrical light slowly come on , illuminate ten woman on the balcony , all dress in black . somber , immobile . slowly , slowly , the violin start up again , play that same first note of '' simple song no.3 . '' the woman on the balcony join in with the violin and begin to sing in the most splendid soprano voice . Fred open he eye and say . fred ballinger enough . 51 . then , all of a sudden , as if he be possess , he throw off the cover and hurl himself at the window . but there 's no one there . the balcony be empty and dark . Fred shout and punch the glass . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) enough ! stop sing , now ! enough ! lena wake up with a start . she be worried . lena daddy , stop , that 's enough ! you be dream . Fred compose himself . he stop shouting , but still cling to the glass , in a daze . lena look behind he , now she 's the one who do not know what to say . 28 . ext . country lane . day parachutist twirl gracefully , silently just below the craggy mountain peak . Fred and Mick be take a walk . out of nowhere , a little dramatically , as if choose a topic at random , Fred say . fred ballinger this morning I take a long , powerful piss . and while I be do it , I be think , Jesus , when be this go to stop ? when ? I just keep pissing and pissing . and I be so happy ! I have not be that happy in month . Mick hide he displeasure . mick boyle good , I be happy for you . but Fred realize he friend be upset . fred ballinger I be joke , Mick . it do not happen like that . mick boyle do not joke about this thing , Fred . prostate be serious . fred ballinger you always fall for my joke . you have be believe every word I say for the last sixty year . 52 . mick boyle I invent storey , Fred . I have to believe everything in order to make thing up . do you remember the other day ? when you tell I you do not remember you parent any more ? fred ballinger no , I do not remember . mick boyle of course you do . well , you make I realize that not only do I not remember my parent , but my childhood , for example , I do not remember a thing about it . there 's only one thing I still remember . fred ballinger what 's that ? mick boyle the precise moment when I learn to ride a bicycle . I know it sound banal , but oh , what joy ! it be sheer joy . and this morning , as if by magic , for the first time , I also remember the moment right after I learn to ride a bike . fred ballinger the moment in which you fall . mick boyle how the fuck do you know ? fred ballinger because that 's how it be for everyone , Mick . you learn to do something , you be really happy , and then you forget to brake . mick boyle be not that a terrific metaphor for life ? fred ballinger let 's not go rush to conclusion , Mick . and then something amazing happen . a boy , about eleven year old , come toward they on the country lane . he 's riding a mountain bike , and , with astonish self - confidence , be do a wheelie . Mick and Fred watch he , speechless . the boy pedal past they , still up on one wheel . he race all the way to the end of the lane , as silent as a ghost , balanced on one wheel . 53 . Mick and Fred turn to watch he , ecstatic . Fred think for a minute , then say : fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) you know something , Mick ? mick boyle what ? fred ballinger you and I , we be never go to die . Mick turn to he friend . he smile and then add : mick boyle now let 's not go rush to conclusion , Fred ! but then something catch he attention : the silent german couple , dress in match green , be about to enter the dense wood . Mick gesture to Fred , who turn and see they too , right as they disappear among the tree . Fred do not need to think twice . he turn to Mick and in a serious voice say : fred ballinger let 's follow they . 29 . ext . wood . day Fred and Mick crouch behind some bush , perfectly still . watch . and what do they see ? they see the silent german couple lean against a tree , they clothes half off . he be penetrate she with a passion worthy of a teenage boy die to screw . they be really enjoy it . he be in a frenzy , she 's about to climax . they come , both of they , together . the myth of the simultaneous orgasm , right there in the wood . they moan with pleasure . so in they own way , they have speak . impassive , Fred merely take out he wallet and hand Mick fifty swiss francs . 30 . int . HOTEL corridor . day Fred walk down the hallway . lena be wait for he at the door to they suite . she seem restless , short of breath , anxious to talk with she father . in fact , she say to he right away . 54 . lena where have you be , daddy ? this man 's be here for a hour , he say he 's Queen Elizabeth 's emissary . Fred snort , as if this be the last thing he want to hear . lena ( cont 'd ) I tell he to make himself comfortable in the live room . 31 . int . fred ballinger 's suite . day lena pour a coffee for the Queen 's emissary , whom we meet earlier . he and Fred sit face each other , one on a love seat , the other in a easy chair , a small table between they . lena go and sit on a chair behind she father . the emissary nervously tap he pants 's pocket , where we can see clearly the bulge of a packet of cigarettes . Fred notice he agitation . fred ballinger you can smoke here , if you want . the emissary can not believe he ear . he 's as astound as if there have just be a earthquake . queen 's emissary be you serious ? fred ballinger the hotel manager be a music lover . so he grant I some small privilege . the emissary 's smile be one of infinite gratitude . queen 's emissary you have no idea how much pleasure this give I . fred ballinger be you feel tense ? queen 's emissary I will say . he say , take a deep , restorative drag on he cigarette . fred ballinger there 's no ashtray , though . queen 's emissary that 's fine , I 'il cope . 55 . fred ballinger I do not have much time , so let 's skip the formality . I have to do a thorough cleanse of my intestine soon . the emissary 's expression instinctively look pain and say . queen 's emissary will it hurt ? fred ballinger no , it 's just embarrassing . the emissary sigh and start in . queen 's emissary I be not able to convince the Queen . I relay you reticence about the song to she . I propose a alternative repertoire . a alternative musician . a alternative sort of evening . she do not want alternative . she want you and only you and only you '' simple song . '' she say it 's all that Prince Philip listen to . fred ballinger I be sorry . I do not want to seem rude . but I be afraid it 's impossible . queen 's emissary but why ? fred ballinger I explain why , the last time we meet . personal reason . queen 's emissary and be there no way to resolve this personal reason ? fred ballinger unfortunately not . queen 's emissary I be begging you , maestro . I have a difficult job . I simply must return to London with a positive answer . fred ballinger but my answer be negative . lena follow every word . 56 . queen 's emissary I simply do not understand . what be it that do not work ? the date ? the location ? the orchestra ? the soprano ? the Queen ? fred ballinger please , do not insist . personal reason . the emissary drop he diplomatic demeanor and show a flash of anger . queen 's emissary and what exactly be this bloody personal reason ? Fred do not respond . lena be beginning to understand . we be not , but she be . she start to cry quietly , inwardly . fred ballinger personal mean that I be not oblige to explain they . queen 's emissary let 's see if we can resolve this personal problem then . what be it that be wrong ? fred ballinger ( at random ) the soprano . the emissary beam . he think they have arrive at a solution . queen 's emissary we will get a different one , then , no problem . fred ballinger it would not make any difference . queen 's emissary even though sumi jo be the absolute best , and she have already express she enthusiasm at be direct by you . she 's ecstatic ! in seventh heaven ! fred ballinger I be not interested . queen 's emissary what be it you have against she ? 57 . fred ballinger nothing ! I do not even know she . queen 's emissary and so ?! Fred lose he patience for the first time . he raise he voice , practically shout . fred ballinger so enough already ! lena cry more openly now , she eye brim with tear . she try to hide they , but she can not . the emissary notice lena 's tear and be dumbfounded . he 's try to understand , but do not know what to say . he throw open he arm in defeat . queen 's emissary I just do not understand . what exactly be the problem ? Fred shout at he again . his word come tumble out , unplan . fred ballinger the problem be that that simple song be compose for my wife . and only my wife perform they , only my wife record they . and as long as I live , my wife will be the only one to sing they . the problem , my dear sir , be that my wife can not sing any more . now do you understand ? do you ? lena have bury she face in she hand , try to stifle she sob . Fred be beside himself . he look exhaust , drain . the emissary be strike dumb . he get to he foot and stub out he cigarette in the pack . he be deeply dismay . queen 's emissary yes , I do understand now , and I beg you pardon . maestro . he walk quickly to the door . Fred and lena just sit there , he stare into space and she weep behind he . 58 . 31a . int / ext . corridor + HOTEL bridge . day . 31a/1 in close - up , the bell in the corridor trill merrily . 31a/2 on the bridge where the staff go to smoke , they all put out they cigarettes and , like a flock of sheep , head back inside the hotel to work . 32 . int . massage room . day the young masseuse be rub oil on she hand . Fred ballinger , lie on he stomach on the massage table , he head stick in the hole , look down at the floor , right at the girl 's tiny sandal . the masseuse place she hand gently on Fred 's naked back . she begin massage he , but stop after a minute . masseuse I be go to give you a different type of massage , because you be stress . no , to be precise , you be not stress , you be emotional . fred ballinger you understand everything with you hand . masseuse we can understand all sort of thing by touch . who know why people be so afraid of touch . fred ballinger maybe because they think it have something to do with pleasure . masseuse which be another good reason for touch instead of talk . Fred be silent . he stare at the floor for a while . then he say : fred ballinger do not you like to talk ? masseuse ( frank ) I never have anything to say . fred ballinger we forget sometimes , but sincerity be beautiful , be not it ? 59 . but the masseuse have change the kind of massage she be do . she have nothing more to say , so she do not say anything . Fred relax and close he eye . 33 . ext . mountain peak . day Mick and he young screenwriter be climb up a steep mountain path . they meet a young family come down the mountain . the father be wear a toddler backpack carrier , in which he three - year - old son be sleep peacefully . Mick look at the sleep child . dress for trekk , Mick and he young screenwriter be ascend a impassable mountain trail . they reach the summit - what a view ! we can sense that suspend silence , the clean , crisp air , and appreciate the magnificent panorama of the mountain and the valley below . there be a telescope at the lookout point , one of that tourist one you have to put a coin in to make it work . they admire the panorama in silence . Mick break away from the group and put a coin in the telescope . then he call he young screenwriter over . mick boyle come look . the girl go first . she peer into the telescope . Mick instruct she as the other listen in . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) now listen . do you see that mountain over there ? girl yeah , it seem really close . mick boyle exactly . that 's what you see when you be young . everything seem really close . that 's the future . now come with I . she take the girl by the hand and invite she to look through the telescope from the other direction . the girl look from the other side and see the face of she friend . they look really far away even though they be only six foot away from she . 60 . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) and this be what you see when you be old . everything seem really far away . that 's the past . the girl look in the telescope be move . he 's too far away in the invert lens , so she can not see that the boy she 's always fight with be move as well . they be all at a loss for word . Mick crouch over a knapsack and pull out a bottle of spumante and some plastic cup , talk all the while . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) when I be young , I use to say to myself : if I grow old I be not go to make the same mistake all old people make , I be not go to become boring and pedantic . but that 's exactly what I have become . so , forgive I . now for the serious stuff : Brenda can not wait to get start . and I be so proud of have write this screenplay with you . I have to confess something . I have make twenty film , but they be all irrelevant . this be the only film that mean anything to I . this film have ... yes , well , it 's my sentimental , intellectual , and moral testament . this film be the only thing that matter to I . nothing else . and so , let 's toast to the completion of the third draft of '' life 's last Day . '' screenwriter 1 what about the end , Mick ? mick boyle the end ... we will come up with one , sooner or later . cheer . 33A . ext . garden with canopy . day the beautiful garden with its century - old tree and canopy path be desert until a stocky , big -belly man , completely cover in mud , appear . he look like a statue that have turn out wrong . he 's clutching a cell phone , yell in italian with a heavy neapolitan accent . mud man you gotta realize , baby , you be ask I to deliver 24,000 mozzarel in two day . ( more ) 61 . mud man ( cont 'd ) we be not even in the same universe , capisc ? now listen good : do not you go stress I during my relax vacation , cuz the last guy who do that never manage to relax again ... ciao . I will send you a what app tomorrow . 34 . ext . HOTEL pool . day Jimmy Tree and Fred ballinger float serenely in the pool . side by side , they shoulder rest against the edge of the pool , they let themselves be cradle by the powerful jet of water hit they back . Fred open one eye and spot Mick walk with the doctor not too far away . they be speak intently . Fred close he eye . Fred and Jimmy float in silence , eye close . «+. until the arrival of the boy violinist make they open they eye . boy hello , Fred ballinger . fred ballinger hi . boy I want to tell you that I check at the front desk , and you really be Fred ballinger . fred ballinger good , I be glad you set you mind to rest on that score . Jimmy Tree smile . boy there 's something else I want to tell you too . fred ballinger go right ahead . boy I want to tell you that ever since you correct the position of my elbow , I play better . the sound come more naturally . fred ballinger very good . do you know why ? because you be left-handed . ( more ) 62 . fred ballinger ( cont 'd ) and left-handed people be irregular , so a irregular position help . now we see - we do not before - the South american 's fat face loom close to ours . he have be listen in on the conversation , and , in a strong Spanish accent , say candidly to the other three : obese south american I be left-handed too . Fred , Jimmy , and the boy be astound and look at he excitedly . Jimmy flash he a beautiful smile and say : jimmy tree Christ ! the whole world know you be leave hand . 35 . int . HOTEL pond . day lena , wear only a towel , sit at the edge of a beautiful pond . her long wet hair fall on she shoulder , she seem even more beautiful than she really be . the hippy mountaineer , all excited , be face she . he too in only a towel . with he hairy shoulder , hairy chest , shaggy beard , and long hair , he look like a giant bear , like some large , peaceful beast . lena keep she eye close . the mountaineer can not take he kindly eye off of she . he swallow , muster he courage , start to say something , change he mind , too timid to speak , then try again . this be he chance . he have a heavy tyrolean accent . mountaineer I be Luca . Luca moroder . embarrass , he let out a moronic laugh that sound like a thunderclap . lena open she eye , expressionless , and simply say : lena hello . mountaineer I be a mountaineer . and I teach climb . I give lesson at the hotel . and he produce another laugh , so moronic it make we doubt he intelligence . 63 . mountaineer ( cont ’d ) this be a forerunner 620 , it have a color touch display , it estimate vo2 max value - the maximum rate of oxygen consumption during maximum exertion . I would like to give it to my cousin for Christmas . we always go climb together . he be suppose to be here too , but he slip in the bathtub and break he femur . lena smile politely . lena the bathtub be more dangerous than mount everest . mountaineer how true . ( hesitates ) do you know what I find once , on the k2 summit ? lena what ? mountaineer a bedside table . lena no. mountaineer yes , I do . I open the drawer , but it be empty . he 's quiet for a moment but then start in again . mountaineer ( cont ’d ) it 's a amazing feel , climb , you know ? a real sense of freedom . yet another moronic laugh , as if he have never be able to confirm what he just say . lena close she eye again and comment somewhat ironically : lena all I would feel be fear . mountaineer that 's a amazing feel too , you know . and he laugh again . lena open she eye but do not look at he . 64 . overlook the little pond be a glass cube that house the indoor pool . with a expressionless face , Fred ballinger look out the window at he daughter down below . 36 . ext . HOTEL solarium . day Fred , Mick , and Jimmy Tree , in white robe , be sun peacefully on chaise lounge . eye close . Fred have a newspaper open on he lap . Mick and Jimmy be chat . jimmy tree so who 's the most talented actress you have ever work with , Mr. boyle ? mick boyle Brenda morel . without a doubt . a genius . she can not have read more than two book she whole life , and one of they be she autobiography , write by a ghost writer naturally , but still , Brenda 's a genius . Jimmy chuckle . jimmy tree a genius in what sense ? mick boyle if you know how to steal , you do not need training . stealing become you education . that 's how Brenda be . even when , thanks to my film , she have become a diva , she never forget where she come from , she home be really the street . and that 's where she stay , on the street , steal everything . everything . which be how she create such unforgettable character . and win two oscar . jimmy tree what would she steal ? mick boyle we be filming '' the Crystal woman . '' and in the middle of a scene , a electrician walk by , toward the back of the set . he 's get this limp , real slight . whenever he step with he short leg , it make a noise , real faint though , barely noticeable . no one even hear it , no one but Brenda , that be . ( more ) 65 . mick boyle ( cont 'd ) she 's recite she line and all of a sudden she yell '' stop . '' so I yell back , '' what the fuck be you do , Brenda ? only I can say stop . '' '' fuck that , Mick , '' she say to I , '' if my character be wrong , then I 'il say stop . '' she look at the electrician . he 's die , but Brenda light up and say , '' Mick , my character have to have one leg short than the other . she limp . '' I practically fall off my chair . '' be you out of you mind , Brenda ? '' I say to she . '' you character can not limp . you character be the most desirable woman in the whole world , every man on the planet want to get she into bed , she 's a dream . '' and you know what she say ? she say to I , '' even dream have they problem , Mick . '' Jimmy laugh . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) and she be right . that little limp win she she second oscar . a muffle , intermittent sound , which at first only Fred hear , make he open he eye . but the sun be shine right in they , so all he can see be a small black circle that rise up to the sky and then fall again . the sound , and then the black circle again . it 's enough to make Fred want to get up and take a look . curious , he shuffles toward the tennis court , and Jimmy Tree and Mick boyle decide to go with he . 37 . ext . tennis court . day at the tennis court , Fred , Mick , and Jimmy be strike dumb by what they see . that obese South american be do something out of this world : with he leave foot he send a tennis ball fly high in the air , and when it come down , he kick it up again , without ever let it touch the ground , send it sixty , seventy foot in the air . the tennis ball against the blue sky . it fall , he kick it again , with a naturalness - despite the inhuman effort it take for that massive body to move - that spark admiration and horror at the same time . Mick , Jimmy , and Fred can not believe they eye . rightly so . after five or six feat of such amazing acrobatics , he stop , completely exhaust . he have trouble catch he breath . 66 . Jimmy spot he briarwood cane , lean against the fence . he grab it and rush over with it . the South american thanks he , eye brim with gratitude , body drip with sweat . without say a word , he slowly walk away , lean heavily on he cane . two guitar note , melancholy and discreet , accompany the South american 's break , belabor gait . Jimmy , Fred , and Mick just stand there , scattered around the tennis court , and watch the best ex - soccer player in the world leave the field . fade to black . 38 . int . room . afternoon fade in : the two guitar note float in here , without develop further . a flower wall , English style . in front of it be a small table with a magnificent silver tea service . a woman 's purse , flung by who know whom , crash into the tea set . everything end up on the floor . the purse tumble open . it 's empty . after a moment , the Queen 's emissary enter the frame . he be very distraught . he say in a whisper . queen 's emissary you majesty , you nearly hit I ! queen elizabeth 's voice yes , Mr. bale , I nearly hit you . the devastate emissary sigh . it 's as if the whole universe be go to hell in a handbag . 39 . int . HOTEL restaurant . evening the two guitar note die softly during this scene . the german couple be silent again . they eat serenely , they eye never meeting . the hippy mountaineer look deject , as if all he hope have be dash as he steal glance at lena , sit with Fred and Mick . she do not even notice he . 67 . Jimmy Tree be dining with Mark kozelek and other friend . they be laugh at Jimmy 's perfect imitation of marlon brando . Sushi tonight . everyone 's use chopstick . Fred , Mick , and lena dine in silence . lena say routinely . lena the french call again . they really want to do that book with you ... you memoir , everything about you work , you life . what shall I tell they ? fred ballinger ( reflect ) tell they ... he do not know what else to say . silence . lena and Mick wait . lena what ? fred ballinger to forget I ! tell they that . I be retire ! I be do ! with work and life . Mick raise he eye heavenward , as if he know this " song " all too well and can not stand it anymore . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) I have nothing to say , and what 's more , I be not interested . mick boyle will you cut the crap ? you music convey surprising , new emotion . fred ballinger but emotion be overrate too , Mick . Mick throw he chopstick onto the table . he 's really piss off . mick boyle you be really unbearable when you play the depressed cynic , Fred . it 's a mystery how I manage to be you friend all this year . fred ballinger you be a man of much patience , mick. 68 . mick boyle and you be a idiot . fred ballinger that 's for sure ! lena be about to say something but Mick cut she off . mick boyle a book about you work , life you experience - it would last forever . it would be a help to young musician , to everyone . it 's important ... fred ballinger ( interrupt he ) important !... preserve you memory for posterity , pass on you knowledge . I have be hearing the same old tune for year now , but it 's just a excuse , Mick , a way of ignore the real problem . mick boyle and what 's the real problem , Fred ? fred ballinger death , Mick ! death , it 's so close . lena so , instead of live you be think about death come closer . even though you be still alive . Mick nod vigorously . he address lena . mick boyle do you see why it piss I off ? fred ballinger yes , lena see . lena but do not the idea of relive you life , you work , fascinate you ? fred ballinger no . it only hurt I . can not you see that ? and besides , there 's nothing more to say . stravinsky already say it all . he compose simple music and everyone attack he . '' he 's abandon modernism ! he 's not respect tradition ! '' the critic thunder . but he be merely rediscover the past , he mirror . ( more ) 69 . fred ballinger ( cont 'd ) that 's when he uttere that beautiful phrase : " you may respect , but I love . " what more can I add ? lena and Mick have nothing else to say . Fred pick up he chopstick and hold they in the air , not eat . lena stare at he . out of the blue , the boy violinist come over . Fred do not even notice he . the child gently adjust Fred 's hand - the one hold the chopstick - raise it a inch . as if correct he position . Fred gaze at the boy and smile sadly . the boy simply smile back at he , and then run off , the way child do . always run , they be . 40 . ext . HOTEL garden . night a fakir be lie on a bed of nail on the stage . lena , Fred , Mick , and Jimmy Tree be sit together at one of the table , impassively watch the show . jimmy tree this show be really pathetic . all that 's miss be a mime . fred ballinger we usually get one of that by the end of the summer as well . the fakir levitate , rise above the bed of nail . the audience applaud . the fakir 's back be very red . he spit fire from he mouth and say . fakir thank you , everyone . and now , I hope you will enjoy some traditional horn music , play by a local ensemble . eight old man carry long horn come onto the stage . they begin a gloomy litany . a man whom we assume to be the hotel manager come over to we character 's table . he address Jimmy Tree , but Fred , Mick , and lena listen in as well . 70 . HOTEL manager Excuse I , Mr. Tree , but a new guest have arrive . her name be Joyce owen , she have just win the miss Universe pageant . she 's a great admirer of yours and would like to meet you . jimmy tree ok , here I be . the manager gesture , and miss Universe appear from a dark corner of the garden . we character wait for she to arrive , they heart aflutter . but miss Universe turn out to be a unbelievable disappointment . she 's wear a cheap , oversize track suit that ruin she figure and make she look plump , and - even though it 's dark - a pair of violet - tinted sunglass with vulgar frame that be too big for she face . her skin be bad , she hair stringy and dirty . what 's more , she have a awful voice , which we hear when she shake Jimmy 's hand . miss universe it 's such a pleasure to meet you . I be a huge fan of yours . I literally go crazy when you play mister q. Jimmy Tree raise he eye heavenward . he 's have more than enough of mister q. miss universe ( cont ’d ) I never miss a robot movie , but that one 's my favorite . jimmy tree ( teasing ) thank you . and do you ever watch any other kind of movie , other than robot movie ? miss universe of course ! I have get my whole life ahead of I , and I want to be a actress . I do not want to just rely on my beauty . jimmy tree ( chuckle ) what else do you watch ? cartoon ? miss Universe stiffen a little . miss universe whatever I want . jimmy tree brava , miss Universe ! 71 . miss universe ( now very serious ) you know something , Mr. Tree ? jimmy tree what ? miss universe I appreciate irony , but when it be drench in poison , it be drain of its force and reveal something else . jimmy tree what do it reveal ? tell I . miss universe frustration . your , in this case , not mine . jimmy tree ( lean forward , nervous ) I be frustrated , miss Universe ? miss universe I be happy I take part in the miss Universe pageant . be you happy you play mister q ? Jimmy Tree have no answer for she . embarassment wash over the whole group . Jimmy extend a hand to miss Universe , as if to acknowledge defeat . but miss Universe do not shake it . she walk away . Mick smooth he hair with the palm of he hand as Jimmy look on . watch miss Universe as she quickly disappear , Mick , to break the chill that have descend ... mick boyle how unbearable the insolent ostentation of youth be . fred ballinger in particular if the person listen be no longer young . mick boyle ( laugh ) that woman should be stab to death , I mean stab ! Fred turn to look at Jimmy who have go back to watch the horn ensemble . and he say a touch of irony . 72 . fred ballinger she 's not at all stupid , miss Universe . Jimmy , without look at he , reply immediately . jimmy tree not at all ! they both break out in big smile . lena watch miss Universe walk across the garden , that peculiar look in she eye that woman have when watch another woman . and when miss Universe disappear from view , lena do something : she turn ninety degree and look squarely at the mountaineer , who , naturally , be look at she . his eye be sparkling like never before . 41 . ext./ int . ( music video ) car . day . ( the whole scene be shot and edit in the style of a music video ) . Music so funky it would make a corpse dance : " can not rely on you . " a luxury car - a maserati - race along a sun-kiss mountain road . Julian be drive . a splendidly make - up paloma faith appear in the backseat . she be the one who be sing . she 's wear sexy lingerie and move she body in the most sinuous , sensual manner . a totally different paloma from the dull , anonymous woman we see earlier . she flick she tongue in Julian 's ear and he howl with pleasure . down on all four , she move like a panther in the back seat , upping the eroticism with every gesture . slither like a snake , she slip out the open window and climb gracefully onto the roof , sing the whole time . she get to she foot and dance on top of the car , as sensual and sexy as before . the only reason she do not fall off the roof of the move car be because we be very clearly in the unreal world of music video . Julian lean out of the window and watch she from below , turn on and moan like a fool . he lean so far out of the car try to grab she that he have to hold the steering wheel with he foot . the car swerve , but there 's no danger : we be in a music video . Julian climb back into the driver 's seat to avoid a accident . he fix he eye on the road , but be not for long : paloma now appear on the front windshield . 73 . slowly , she slither down the windshield onto the hood . press she body against the glass , she wink at he , make eye at he , show he she tongue and everything else as she roll onto the hood , the car still tear along at 120 mph , the wind in she hair . with a acrobatic move , paloma finally climb through the window again and be back in the car . she sit next to Julian . he want to touch she , but she coyly prevent he , increase he desire . she 's be sing the whole time , but now she pause the song for a moment and say . paloma faith now watch what I be go to do for you ! she open the glove compartment and produce a sex toy the like of which have never be see before . a huge black rubber ball studd with menace metal , luminescent stinger . it 's impossible even to imagine what you could do with it . paloma faith ( cont ’d ) watch this , honey . and the spike , luminescent ball slowly disappear beneath she body , but just then ... julian Holy shit ! 42 . int . fred ballinger 's suite . night ... darkness . a woman 's scream shatter the music and everything else . alarm , Fred ballinger switch on the lamp on the night stand . lena awaken with a start , as if from a nightmare . she 's sweat , panicked . she can not breathe . fred ballinger lena , what 's wrong ? lena be gasp for breath . she slowly come back to reality , she breath return to normal . she reassure she father . lena nothing , nothing . it be just a dream . fred ballinger a nightmare ? 74 . lena let 's say somewhere between the two . it 's over now . Fred turn off the light . half -light . lena slowly settles down , but she can not fall asleep . they have they back to each other . after a while she ask . lena ( cont 'd ) as a man , how do miss Universe seem to you ? fred ballinger a unbelievable disappointment . lena be greatly cheer by she father 's remark . then , after a pause . lena daddy , I have to tell you something ... personal . fred ballinger tell I , lena . lena Julian 's a ass . because I be really good in bed . fred ballinger I know . lena what do you mean ... you know ? fred ballinger you be my daughter . and , in all modesty , I be a wonder between the sheet myself . slowly but surely , once they embarrassment have fade , they start sniggering in the dark , each on he own side of the bed . 43 . int . craft shop . day a shop full of souvenir and local craft make of wood . Fred roam around , glance at the stuff on the shelf , but without much interest . Jimmy Tree go over to the cash register and - proud at have find it - present a briarwood walk stick , very similar to the one we see the South american use . the sale clerk start wrapping it . 75 . Jimmy be wait when the pale , thirteen - year- old girl from the hotel appear at he side . pink circle around she eye , make she seem not scary exactly , but vaguely pain . she bite she nail nervously as she stare at Jimmy , who sense she presence and so turn to she . she stare unabash at he , long and hard enough to make Jimmy feel embarrassed , and then say confidently . pale girl I see you in a film once . jimmy tree so you like mister q as well ? pale girl no , I see you in that film where you play a father who never know he son and meet he for the first time in a highway diner when the son 's already fourteen . Jimmy turn to stone . he mutter . jimmy tree but nobody see that movie ! pale girl there be a bit of dialog I really like , when you son say , " why be not you a father to I ? " and you say , " I do not think I be up to it . " at that moment I understand something really important . jimmy tree what ? pale girl that no one in the whole world feel up to it . and so there 's no reason to worry . bye . see you at the hotel . and the girl walk away , she stride natural and easy . Jimmy just stand there , immobile , at the counter , stare into space . he 's stunne . instinctively , he put on he sunglass . Fred , stand still behind he among the shelf , must have hear everything , because he merely stare at Jimmy 's back . he be as overcome as Jimmy be , and do not say a word . he just look at back of the actor who be probably deeply move right now . 76 . 44 , ext . country lane . day Jimmy and Fred walk along the beautiful lane that skirt the mountain village . they walk in silence , wrap in perfect sound : cicadas and distant cowbell . jimmy tree what do you do all day , Fred ? fred ballinger they tell I I be apathetic . so I do not do anything . jimmy tree do not you miss you work ? fred ballinger not at all . I work far too much . jimmy tree so what do you miss ? fred ballinger my wife . I miss my wife Melanie . jimmy tree I read on Wikipedia that you hang out with stravinsky for a while when you be young . fred ballinger true . jimmy tree what be he like ? fred ballinger he be a very placid man . jimmy tree placid ? that 's all ? be generous with I , Fred . I need a generous friend . tell I about stravinsky . fred ballinger one day he say to I , '' intellectual do not have any taste . '' so from that day on , I do everything I could not to be a intellectual . and I succeed . Jimmy do not say anything . they walk on in silence . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) and you ? what do you miss ? 77 . jimmy tree nothing , I have say . luckily . fred ballinger be generous with I , Jimmy . Jimmy smile , as if catch red-hand . jimmy tree what I miss I discover four month ago read novalis . Fred be surprised . fred ballinger you read novalis ? jimmy tree ( playful ) even actor from California , when they be not get drunk , snort coke , or hang out with anorexic model , occasionally read novalis . fred ballinger you be right , sorry . I be a old man and full of prejudice . and what do novalis say ? jimmy tree " I be always go home , always go to my father 's house . " 45 . ext . garden HOTEL . night Mark kozelek press play on a ipod , and the sweet note of a synthesizer float out the speaker . it 's a slow , hypnotic track . the camera move slowly around the room ; it take in kozelek and Jimmy Tree 's friend , who be listen seriously , attentively to the music . the camera glide out onto the terrace and take in Jimmy Tree , lie on a chaise lounge and listen very intently to the music . he smoke a cigarette , which he then put out in a cup of herbal tea . Mark kozelek come out and join he . he lie down on the chaise lounge next to Jimmy 's . MARK kozelek how do you like it ? I write it yesterday . it 's call '' ceil gazing . '' Jimmy listen and then say sincerely . jimmy tree it 's fabulous , Mark . 78 . on the track , Mark 's voice join in and blend with the synthesizer . a voice so romantic it give you the chill . 46 . int / ext . rear garden HOTEL / masseuse 's room . night the beautiful music continue , extra-diegetic now . it 's really move . softly , as if in slow motion , the tiny , timid masseuse come into the camera 's eye . in close - up now , she 's dance . she 's play with Kinect again , but a different dance now . 47 . int . / ext . south american 's suite / rear garden HOTEL . night the beautiful music can be hear here as well . the South american be on the terrace , in he underwear . he 's half - recline on a chaise lounge . his wife be at the foot of the lounge , massage he massive , aching leg . he stare out across the valley . and then , suddenly , it 's like he have a vision . Bright light come on , like the floodlight at a soccer stadium , and he see twenty - two man , divide into two row of eleven . one row be wear the Argentina national team jersey , and the other that of England . the twenty - two player clamber up the steep field and arrive at the hotel garden . they merge into a single row and wave to a crowd that be not there . it seem like the lead up to a important soccer match . overcome with emotion , the South american stare at this vision . his wife look up at he sadly . she see he be move and ask in Spanish . south american 's wife what be you think about ? the stadium floodlight suddenly go out . south american the future . 48 . int . fred ballinger 's suite . night kozelek 's music die down here . it 's instrumental now , which make it seem remote and discreet . lena be asleep in the bed . half -light . Fred be in the little live room , sit in the middle of the couch . from here he can see lena asleep in the distance . he look away , and stare into space . 79 . he 's think , he thumb and index finger rub a candy wrapper imperceptibly at irregular interval , create a beautiful , elementary melody . and that slight sound be what awaken lena . she open a eye . without move , she study she father from the bed as he sit motionless on the couch . 49 . int . HOTEL reception . night the light be dimme for the night . two concierge be check in a group of six guest who have just arrive . they be all about forty year old , four woman and two man , normal face . but they have some unusual baggage : rigid metal suitcase . two other woman arrive , wheeling metal rack from which hang dozen of outfit , cover in garment bag . they all seem really tired . kozelek 's music caress they ... 50 . int . saline grotto . night .-. and flow here . a fake underground grotto with papier - maché wall make to look like the alp . a long spiral staircase in the center go down and down , finish right in a large round pool full of dark water with so much salt that you can do the dead man 's float without the least effort . and in fact , Mick boyle and he five screenwriter be float naked on they back in a study darkness . they be brainstorm about the end of '' life 's last Day . '' funny screenwriter he 's on he deathb , and murmur to she , '' I should have devote myself to you , and to we love , instead of waste my life try to become the king of insurance policy . '' screenwriter in love or maybe he just say something banal to she , real simple , like '' take care of yourself . '' intellectual screenwriter no , we have to stay with the physical pain right up to the end . how about if he say , '' not even morphine can help I now . '' 80 . female screenwriter what if he focus on some insignificant detail ? if he say something like , '' I wonder whatever happen to that key ring you give I twenty - five year ago , the one shape like a horseshoe ? '' mick boyle no . he do not say anything on he deathb . silence on the part of the screenwriter . they be wait . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) she 's the one who talk . Brenda . she say , '' I lose so much time because of you , Michael . I lose the best year of my life . '' silence . then the shy screenwriter . shy screenwriter he 's lie on he deathb , and she slap he , just like that . a icy stare from Mick and the other . the shy screenwriter try to make eat he word . shy screenwriter ( cont ’d ) I be just kid ! 51 . int . HOTEL corridor . night kozelek 's sweet music follow we here , in the stillness of the hallway of this mountain hotel . the group of people who recently check in be come toward we , wheeling they metal rack and cumbersome metal suitcase . the group pass a room , the door slightly ajar , without even notice it . but the camera notice and peek inside . on the bed sit a elderly , bare - chest man , exhaust and sweaty . he stare at the floor and drink a glass of water . the unattractive , plump hooker be put on she overcoat . she exit the room and make she way awkwardly and gracelessly to the elevator . 52 . int . panorama hall . night the ipod again , Mark kozelek 's music again , diegetic now . a man gently comb Jimmy 's hair and pull it back , as Jimmy look at himself in the mirror , a serious expression on he face . one of that dress room mirror , with all that little light around it . 81. the hairdresser use a razor to layer the hair on the back of Jimmy 's head . he cut it really short . a tense , somber mood . the other member of the group be watch Jimmy and he hairdresser . then , with a quick , expert move , the hairdresser move a lock of Jimmy 's hair to the right . he stick he finger in a jar of brilliantine . a middle - age woman carefully unzip one of the garment bag and we get a glimpse of a green outfit . 53 . ext . HOTEL pool . dawn kozelek 's music swell slightly , move we even more . the light in the pool be on , create a marvelous blue glow . we see Jimmy Tree from the back , he hair quite short . he 's slowly do the breaststroke . he get out , he movement tired , limited , like a old man' . he dry himself off and start get dress . we still have not see he face . in the distance , behind the mountain , dawn be break . kozelek 's music vanish . 54 . ext . HOTEL garden . day Adolf Hitler , in military uniform , be attempt to strut across the garden , beneath a long canopy . he manage in part thanks to the briarwood cane . his step be short , uncertain : in other word , a older Hitler , in he sixty , full of aches and pain . he march past the camera . it 's not Hitler , it 's Jimmy Tree , in a perfect character reconstruction . he walk slowly , almost prudently , but with a austere , dictatorial demeanor that erase the distinction between Jimmy 's character and the real Hitler . he look around , but no one 's there . then , all of a sudden , Hitler stop . he put he palm on he forehead to smooth down he hair , just as Mick boyle do all the time , and then , with a certain pomposity , give the Nazi salute . he have salute france , the pale thirteen - year- old girl who stand before he . Jimmy keep he arm raise , wait for a reaction . she merely look calmly at he and smile , not in the least frighten by this unusual performance . 82 . 55 . int . cover pool . day Mick boyle be lie on a chaise lounge near the pool , wrap in a robe . lena swim languidly , without much effort . other than Mick and lena , there 's no one there . mick boyle I have never tell you how sorry I be about how thing end between you and Julian . lena stop near the edge of the pool . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) I mean , I want to apologize for he behavior . lena '' apologize ? '' what do you have to do with it ? mick boyle let 's face it , as a father , I could have do more . lena Julian do what he want to , without worry about the consequence . he pick up the scent . I be start to smell it as well . mick boyle what scent ? lena ( smile ) the dizzying scent of freedom . mick boyle ( smile ) oh right , I know that scent . lena but daddy really do not tell you anything about the Queen , about the simple song he be suppose to conduct in London , and how he refuse ? mick boyle no . he do not tell I a thing . 83 . lena what a strange friendship you two have . mick boyle strange ? no , it 's a good friendship . and in a good friendship , you only tell each other the good thing . he must have think that the Queen 's concert be not one of they . lena he say he can not conduct he '' simple song '' because the only person who could sing they be my mother . mick boyle ( surprised ) he say that ? lena yes , that 's what he tell the Queen 's emissary . mick boyle it take he eighty year to finally say something romantic , and who do he go and say it to ? the Queen 's emissary . lena smile . and so do Mick . lena he watch I at night , while I sleep . and tonight , for the first time in my life , he caress I as I be asleep . only I be not asleep , I be pretend . mick boyle Parents know when they child be pretend to be asleep . lena 's eye be bright now , and she turn she back to Mick so he can not see how touch she be . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) be you worried about he ? lena no , I be not worried about he . 56 . int . HOTEL dine room . day we be well aware that this hotel be a quiet place , but it have never be this silent before . 84 . everyone be look in the same direction : at the table where Adolf Hitler , indifferent to all that around he , be digging in to a hearty breakfast . and the astounding thing be that they be all look at he deferentially , in awe , as if this be actually the real Hitler , sixty year later . so much so that some of they , pass by he on they way out of the dining room , end up bow ever so slightly , respectfully , to the fuhrer and say '' good morning . '' Hitler return they greeting with the hint of a haughty salute . then Jimmy / Hitler take a handkerchief out of he pocket , blow he nose , rub the tip quickly four time , just as he have always see Fred do , fold it , and put it back in he pocket . Fred ballinger observe Jimmy from he table and , on see he own habitual gesture reinterpreted by Hitler , smile strangely . then the silent german couple stop in front of Hitler and the woman stare severely at Jimmy / Hitler . in a serious voice , she order he . german woman do not you ever dare to do that again . 57 . int . ski lift . day Fred and Mick , all deck out for trekk ( hat , sunglass , the latest backpack , formfit , orange synthetic t-shirt , bermuda short , colorful Solomon hike shoe , and pole ) sit next to each other on the ski lift , suspend in mid-air as they climb up to 10,000 foot . they look up at the vertiginous peak and the jag rock face of the mountain as they sail silently upward . after a while . mick boyle I talk with lena a bit this morning . she 's worried about you . Fred stare at the mountain peak , impassive . Mick wait , but Fred do not respond . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) it 's year since you go to see Melanie . why do not you go ? Venice be so close . 85 . Fred be impassive . he do not say a word . Mick turn to look at he , but Fred keep stare straight ahead , he eye on the mountain . Mick try again . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) lena tell I about this story with Queen Elizabeth . you do not breathe a word to I about it . well , it could be pretty nice , no ? I would be so happy to hear simple song no. 3 play live one last time . fred ballinger I would not . mick boyle you do not want to betray the memory of Melanie , but sometimes , in order to remain faithful , you have to have the courage to betray . do not you agree ? Fred , after a silence , as he look at the mountain . fred ballinger Mick , there 's something that I just can not get out of my head . mick boyle what ? fred ballinger what it would have be like to sleep with gilda Black ! mick boyle ( embarrassed ) yeah ! I wonder too ! Fred turn to scrutinize Mick , because he do not trust the truth of he word . in a hiss halfway between serious and humorous , he say . fred ballinger liar ! Mick avoid he friend 's gaze . 58 . ext . mountain . day it 's so beautiful here , the silence and the pure air of the mountain at 10,000 foot . Fred and Mick be sit on a grassy slope that give on to a valley far below . there 's no one there , only the two of they and all this nature and silence . Fred unwrap a candy and pop it in he mouth . 86 . after a sizeable silence , Fred pierce the soft mountain breeze . fred ballinger hey Mick . mick boyle yeah ? fred ballinger why be we dress like this ? Mick snigger . there in that immense silence , Fred start rub the candy wrapper in time to some inner music . Mick cast a sidelong glance at he friend 's finger . mick boyle that 's not so great . fred ballinger what ? mick boyle the piece you be play with that candy wrapper . you have do a lot better than that in you lifetime . now it 's Fred who snigger a bit . then he turn serious . 58a . ext . HOTEL garden . night the hooker 's tiny mother , hand in hand with she plump , clumsy daughter . they walk under the long canopy that run through the garden . the neon " Hotel " sign loom above they . they arrive at the hotel entrance . as always , the mother kiss she daughter and then tell she . hooker' mother do good thing . the daughter enter the hotel . the mother give she one last look . 59 . int . private sauna pool . day Mick and Fred be the only one sit on the boil wooden bench . skinny little towel cover they private part . they be sweat like pig . it seem as if they could die at any moment . they sit in silence , exhaust from the infernal heat , when a vision bring they back to the spectacle of life . 87 . a statuesque woman appear , wrap in a robe . she take it off . nake . her beauty and corporeal perfection be the epitome of sensational . with utmost elegance and femininity , this creature - for that be what she be - place a towel on the wooden bench and gently recline . indifferent to she own nakedness and to the two old man , she close she eye and relax . not only be this woman completely comfortable , but she seem to have be create to make the rest of world uncomfortable . Fred and Mick , ill at ease , stare at she the way one stare at that paranormal - and therefore inexplicable - phenomenon in nature . it take they a unreasonable amount of time to regain any semblance of rational think . they begin whisper to each other , so as not to be overhear by that perfect creature . fred ballinger who be she ? mick boyle what do you mean , who be she ? miss Universe . fred ballinger she look completely different , unrecognizable . mick boyle she 's be transformed , from watch all that robot movie . Fred do not laugh . he can not . he have to gaze dizzily at miss Universe , whose beauty drain he . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) you know something , Fred ? by dint of all we piss talk , we have forget that that organ be also make to fulfill other function . fred ballinger take it easy with that illusion , Mick . mick boyle illusion ? you know they make this little pill now ... fred ballinger yeah , but it distort the reality of the situation . mick boyle and so ? and what have I be do my whole life make film ? 88 . miss Universe languidly shift she leg a few inch , just enough to inflict further despair on we two old man . fred ballinger anyway , she 's not interested , Mick , she 's interested in a body that correspond to hers . sex be like music , it want harmony . and rightly so . we be no longer in any condition to harmonize with anyone , Mick . they could cry at this point , and they might have , if a attendant have not come into the sauna just then . attendant Excuse I , Mr. boyle , there 's someone here to see you . mick boyle ( snort ) can not you see that we be live the last great idyll of we life ? well , who 's the pain in the neck ? attendant Brenda morel . 60 . int . panorama hall / ballroom . day here she be , the genius , Brenda morel . who be once a deeply mysterious femme fatale . impeccable , sit up straight in a small armchair . over eighty year old . numerous face lift . a delicate diamond choker sparkles among she wrinkle , which be more obstinate than she plastic surgeon . a cascade of blond hair that make we wonder about she hairdresser . while she wait , she expertly run she tongue over she entire dental arch , make sure that she lipstick have not stain she perfect denture . Mick enter , sparking a orgy of joy and affectation . but not Brenda . she be serious . aloof . mick boyle Brenda ! what a fabulous , marvelous surprise ! brenda hi , Mick . they kiss each other on the cheek . mick boyle you look fabulous , Brenda . the very picture of radiance and sex appeal . 89 . brenda you be get mix up with last millennium , Mick . Mick laugh theatrically . mick boyle what , you just could not wait any longer ? we just finish the latest version , you know . we be have trouble with the end , but then yesterday , eureka ! it come to we . so now that you be here in the flesh , we can hand it to you . but do not you tell I you be go to be in Los Angeles ? what be you do in Europe ? Brenda look Mick in the eye . brenda how long have we know each other , Mick ? mick boyle Jesus , you be put I on the spot ! let I count ... brenda fifty - three year . and how many film have we make together ? mick boyle nine , ten ... brenda eleven . and do you really think that after fifty - three year of friendship and eleven film together that now I be go to start bullshit you , of all people ? mick boyle ( bewilder ) no , no I do not ... I would not deserve that . brenda right , you do not deserve it . you deserve I to call a spade a spade . which be why I drag my ass here from LA . to talk to you in person . Brenda 's seriousness , she severity , make Mick anxious . 90 . mick boyle I see . look , Brenda , if it 's about scene 21 , where you be describe as '' ugly , feeble , a pale shadow of you former beauty , '' well , please realize that that 's just poetic license , but on set , naturally , we will proceed in a totally different way . I want you to be extraordinary . you still preserve intact - you have to - that mystery , that allure that make you a diva in the first place . brenda do not go lick my ass , Mick , it just break my ball even more , especially give what I come here to tell you . mick boyle why ? what do you come to tell I ? brenda I be not do the film , Mick . mick boyle what ? brenda they offer I a tv series in New Mexico . a three year contract . a alcoholic grandmother who 's have a serious stroke . a character with real ball . with the money I 'il be able to pay for Jack 's drug rehab , my niece angelica 's film school tuition , pay off my idiotic husband 's debt , and still have enough money leave over for a house in Miami , which I have be want for fourteen year . that 's what I come to tell you . Mick object , raise he voice . mick boyle but this be cinema , Brenda ! that 's just television . Television 's shit . brenda Television 's the future , Mick . to tell you the truth , it 's also the present . so let 's be frank , Mick , because nobody speak frankly in this fuck film world . ( more ) 91 . brenda ( cont 'd ) you be go on eighty , and like most of you colleague , you have get worse with age . the last three film you make be shit , Mick . I be tell you , accord to I and accord to everybody , they be real shit ! Mick boyle be practically have a heart attack . he 's shouting in a way he should not , give he age and he high blood pressure . mick boyle how dare you ! how dare you ! how dare you ! so you want to be frank , do you ? Fine , let 's be frank . fifty - three year ago , if it be not for I , who be , be , and always will be a gentleman , you would still be crouching under some producer 's desk . I pull you out of all that fat producer 's underpant and make you into a actress . Brenda be fume , she eye ablaze . she scream at he . brenda what a little shit you be ! I be just fine in that producer 's underpant . and you know why ? because I want to be there . I do not owe anybody anything . I do it all myself . I pay my way at the actor Studio by clean toilet all over Brooklyn , my mother go into debt for I . and in Hollywood I walk through the front door , all by myself . Marilyn , rita , Grace , they would all shit in they pants when they see I come . it 's all write down , right there in my autobiography , do not tell I you have not read it ? mick boyle unfortunately I have . except you do not write it . and it be a piece of shit , you autobiography , just like this tv series you be go to do , real shit . Brenda sigh , as if she need air , but then , surprisingly , she stop shouting . she calm down and start speak in a quiet voice that make she seem even more ruthless than when she be yell . 92 . brenda the real shit be this film of yours , Mick . I understand cinema , you know I do . you be the one who do not understand it any more . because you be old , you be tired , you do not know how to see the world any more , all you know how to see be you own death , which be wait right around the corner for you . you career 's over , Mick . I be tell you flat out because I love you . no one 's interested in you testament , as you call it , and you risk nullify all the beautiful film you have already make . and that would be unforgivable . it be only because of I that they be even go to let you make it . so by pull out , I be save you life . and you dignity . Mick be devastate . completely drain . his word be cut . mick boyle you be a ingrate . and ingrate and a idiot . which be why you get ahead . but Brenda do not hear he insult any more . or maybe she just do not believe they . regardless , she stretch out she diamond - encrust hand and do something extraordinary : she caress Mick 's cheek . Mick be on the verge of tear . brenda you be right , Mick , that 's exactly right . Mick hiss between he tooth , he word full of hatred and revenge . mick boyle I be go to make this film anyway . even without you . Mick be cry . Brenda be still caress he cheek . brenda come on , Mick , life go on . even without all this cinema bullshit . Mick bury he face in he hand , destroy . Brenda , like the last of the great movie star , stand up , smooth out she dress , which have get a few crease in it , grab she thirty - thousand dollar purse , and with a regal , dignify gait , make she exit . 93 . 61 . ext . HOTEL garden . night spring must be come to a end , because it 's the mime tonight . the whole nine yard : tail , whiteface , that perfect melancholy expression . in a corner , the man we see earlier , all cover in mud , approach miss Universe . mud man do you know you be the paragon of human beauty ? miss universe do you know I be just think the same thing ? the man walk away without uttering another word . the mime pretend to climb over a imaginary wall , but without success . Mick and Jimmy Tree , who have change back in he own clothes , be watch the performance . they be sit next to each other , with Fred and lena . Mick be catatonic . he look but do not see , stare off into space with a monotonous expression . mick boyle do you know how many actress I have work with in my carrier ? jimmy tree lot ... I guess . mick boyle ( venting ) more than fifty . I launch at least fifty actress . and they have always be grateful to I . I ... I be a great woman 's director . Fred and lena turn to look at Mick , but they can not find the right word or the right expression . Jimmy Tree stare into Mick 's eye and play act . jimmy tree '' that way , Frank , that way you will never forget I . '' do you remember , Mr. boyle ? mick boyle of course I remember . I remember everything I ever shot . 94 , jimmy tree Mr. boyle , you be not a great woman 's director . you be a great director , period . the mime , exhaust from not be able to climb over the wall , crumble to the ground and pretend to fall asleep . Fred ballinger be look at the mime . lena be look at she father . the hippy mountaineer be look at lena . there be a brief round of applause for the mime . the audience begin to disperse . the evening be over . Mick , Fred , and lena be head off when the voice of the boy violinist call out loudly , make they stop . boy Mr. ballinger . they turn around . the boy have ascend the stage and , violin in hand , play the first , simple chord of simple song no . 3 . all he can play be the first two chord , but he 's get a lot better . he play they well and , even though he can only repeat they , they sweetness have the power to move anyone who listen . everyone be hypnotize by the child 's simple play . Jimmy Tree , Mark kozelek and he friend , the mountaineer , lena , the South american and he wife , the german couple , all the elderly guest and they caretaker , the vulgar Russians , and the black family , france and she mother , the waiter and the doctor , the hotel manager and the cook : it 's as if time be stand still , like in a fairy tale where every , star and extras , join together . but only one person be truly move by that simple violin note . and it 's not Fred ballinger , it 's Mick boyle . he have tear in he eye . and only Fred ballinger , of all the people there , have notice that Mick be move . Fred look at he impassively . 61a . int . HOTEL gym . night lena , in a beautiful evening dress , stand at the foot of the free-climbing wall , scrutinize the height of the fake rock face . the mountaineer must have follow she because he 's come up behind she now . he approach warily , intimidate , he 's almost reach she . 95 . a bundle of nerve and embarrassment , he adjust he shirt , surreptitiously straighten he hair , and then appear at she side . lena do not even look at he , as if he do not exist . he deliver a awkward opener . mountaineer would you like to try to climb ? only at this point do lena suddenly turn toward he . she pierce he with a look that could not be more sensual , and then address he in a serious , husky voice . lena do you know that I can make a man go wild in bed if I want ? the mountaineer , as though it be the only natural thing to do , look up , go white as milk , and fall to the ground in a faint . a loud thud . lena immediately abandon the role of the " femme fatale " and become the apprehensive friend . she exclaim to herself . lena ( cont 'd ) oh , fuck hell ! she lean over the mountaineer lie on the floor . she slap he cheek to revive he . she 's scared . lena ( cont 'd ) Sir , sir ! wake up , fuck ! slowly the mountaineer come to . he open he eye and see lena 's worried face a few inch from he . in a faint voice , the mountaineer say . mountaineer it take a lot less for you to make aman go wild . lena smile , relieved . 61b . int . HOTEL lobby . night the chubby hooker sit alone on a couch , look sad . the lobby be desert . Mick appear behind she and , without mincing he word , say . mick boyle okay , I have make up my mind , I go to the ATM . the hooker turn to look at he . hooker and what would you want to do ? 96 . mick boyle ( serious ) go for a walk . 61c . ext . HOTEL garden . night Mick boyle and the unattractive hooker stroll hand in hand , like new lover , through the garden with its century - old tree . that 's all they do . they do not even look at each other as they walk slowly , hand in hand . while on a secluded bench , the two screenwriter suspect of fall in love be , in fact , in love . they kiss with that intensity of first kiss . Endless , exhaust kiss . all of a sudden , the female screenwriter , without stop kissing , see Mick and the young lady out of the corner of she eye . 62 . ext . mountain village . train station . day the small train station in this mountain village . Mick boyle and the five screenwriter , all of they blue , sit side by side on a bench on the platform , wait for the train . the two lover be hold hand . after a silence , Mick break the ice . mick boyle come on , kid , what 's with the long face ? hitches , delay in screen , this thing be constant in we line of work . get use to it . I have already talk with the producer , we just need a little time to come up with another actress and then the shoot start . it 's just a matter of wait a few more month . intellectual screenwriter what a bitch that Brenda morel be . mick boyle do not talk like that about Brenda morel . screenwriter in love she go where the wind blow . mick boyle which be what we all do . and it 's what you all will do , in order to survive in this jungle . 97 . shy screenwriter it 's not true that she come to Europe specially to meet you , Mick . I read that she 's go to Cannes , some charity ball at the Film Festival . the other screenwriter throw he dirty look . mick boyle let 's not get carry away with all this truth , now . remember that fiction be we passion . funny screenwriter you film - testament be worth a whole lot more than one more tv series , Mick . mick boyle my film -testament !? let 's not overrate thing . most man die not only without a testament , but without anyone even notice . intellectual screenwriter most man be not great artist like you . mick boyle it make no difference . Men , artist , animal , plant - we be all just extras . the train have arrive . the door open . the screenwriter grab they backpack and start board the train . the last to climb aboard be the female screenwriter who have not yet say a word . Mick stay on the platform , watch they . just before the door close , she turn to Mick and , with a beautiful smile , say . female screenwriter he 's on he deathb , and he die . only then do she say - and for the first time - " I love you , Michael . " Mick smile , move . mick boyle perfect ! the door close . the train pull away and disappear around a bend . Mick , sad now , turn and leave the station . 98 . 63 . ext . country lane . day Mick , alone and disappointed , shuffles along the same country lane . he 's all alone . it 's a glorious day . brilliant sun . Blue sky . crisp air . chirp cicadas . a paradise . a woman 's voice , as if it be come from nowhere , call he . woman' voice Mick . Mick turn to he leave , where there be a immense uncultivate field , the grass three foot high . he look , but can not see anyone . but then , a woman dress like a 1950s stewardess materialize out of the grass . it be she who call he , and now she add anxiously . stewardess how be I suppose to say this line , Mick ? I do not get it . Mick do not even have time to respond before another woman - she look like a young Jean seberg - pop up from the grass , wear a bikini . she sound as if she be recite a line from a film , in a ostentatious , snobby voice . girl in bikini you may not know , James , that I never even step foot on a yacht that be less then 80 foot . next a ditsy blond with abundant curve , 1960s style , appear out of the grass , and start recite . ditsy blond come on , guy , where do you hide my lilac slipper ? enough already . Mick watch and smile radiantly . now a pious look , middle - age woman pop up and recite emotionally , on the verge of tear . pious woman oh Albert , if only you know how much it have cost I to guard my virginity all this year , until today , until I meet you ! a magnificent countess in a nineteenth - century gown rise up out of the grass . 99 . countess Prince , I be the owner of six castle and twenty carriage , but there be only one thing I can declare with certainty : life be so tiresome . and now a woman in the militant dress of 1968 . 1968er sure , we all want a revolution , as long as it do not tire we out too much . Mick look happily at all he actress , one by one , as they recite line from he film . another woman appear , about thirty - five , she back to we , long , flow red hair and bare shoulder . she turn to the camera : a fabulous , authentic diva , drip with allure . she give a sensual , nostalgic performance . diva okay , you win , I will go to bed with you , but on one condition . that you do not come . that way , Frank , that way you will never forget I . one after another all of Mick 's actress appear , pop up out of the grass . each one recite a line . the one that have be stand for a while just keep repeat the same line , in a quieter voice . in short , that field become a garden of actress - all type , all age and era , in all sort of costume ( a soldier , a little old lady , a drag queen , a vamp , a singer , a gymnast , a ballerina with a tutu , etc. ) , all recite they line for Mick . the whining stewardess again . stewardess how do you want it , Mick ? sincere , smug , wick ? and my walk ? how 's my character suppose to move ? Mick be about to reply when yet another actress pop up and steal he attention . more than all the other , this one really shake he up . he blurt out . mick boyle mommy . all the other actress fall silent , leave the stage to this last actress . 100 . it 's Brenda morel , in costume : a cheap , ugly dress gown , decrepit , a pale shadow of she former beauty . she recite in a neutral voice . brenda you be so cute when you be little , my boy . but what 's so disgraceful be that you be still cute . a cute , useless man . Mick 's eye be shine . the silence of the empty field . there 's no one there . the vision be over . 64 . int . fred ballinger 's suite . day Fred and Mick be in Fred 's bedroom . Fred in the armchair , Mick on the edge of the bed . Mick be look out the window . calm and disappointed . Fred eye he , know what a difficult moment this be for he friend . fred ballinger so you talk to the producer ? Mick turn and look at Fred . mick boyle I have be in this business too long not to know that without Brenda , this film be never go to be make . silence . Mick reflect . then Mick turn he gaze to Fred 's night stand . he look at the photograph of Fred and he wife hugging ten year earlier . Old , but happy . and beautiful . mick boyle ( cont ’d ) Melanie be so beautiful in that picture . fred ballinger you be right , she be beautiful . mick boyle you know , I have come to realize something , Fred . people be either beautiful or ugly . the one in between be merely cute . Fred smile bitterly . so do mick. mick boyle ( cont ’d ) so ... another vacation almost over . what will you do next , Fred ? 101 . fred ballinger what be I suppose to do ? i’1l go home , the usual routine . mick boyle not I . I do not do routine . you know what I be go to do , Fred ? I be go to start on another film . you say that emotion be overrate , but that 's bullshit . emotion be all we have . then Mick get up , go over to the glass door , open it , step onto the balcony , and , with remarkable simplicity , put one foot on the wicker chair , the other on the railing , and let himself fall from the fifth floor . Fred barely have time to stand up . Mick be so swift and so unpredictable , he do not give he friend time to do anything to save he . 65 . int . airplane . day the boe sit on the runway . in the background , the mountain . in a long shot from the back of the plane , we watch the entire take off . the plane be full . we can see the back of everybody 's neck from this angle . a stewardess stroll down the aisle . she turn politely to a distinguished look man . stewardess Excuse I , sir , but you 's 1ll have to switch off you cell phone . the long shot continue . all of a sudden , from the other end of the plane - from business class , which be separate by a little curtain from where we be - come a hoarse , monstrous cry . it go on and on , a break , bloodcurdle sound . all the passenger stretch they neck toward the little curtain , surprised . the stewardess dash at full speed toward business class . the camera begin a long , slow tracking shot down the aisle toward business class . as the dolly move , the monstrous , derange scream , which seem to be that of a woman , echo throughout the cabin . more female cry , and the sound of a scuffle . the camera have arrive at the little curtain . it make its way under it and enter business class . 102 . the scream still persist , but they be fade now . by now all the passenger be on they foot , gawk . the camera elbow its way to the passageway in front of the cockpit and the exit door . we hear a jumble of confuse voice , a muffle moan , and a incomprehensible commotion . the camera have arrive at the center of the action : five stewardess , do in by the physical strain , be literally immobilize someone on the floor . one of they have a bloody lip . the camera go to find out who it be , moan and shaking feebly . it 's Brenda morel stretch out there on the floor of the plane , derange , she tear dress riding up , revealing a old lady 's flesh - color slip , she make - up smudge , she face barely recognizable , disfigure by pain and tear , she word fragment and incomprehensible , frightening . she be bald . her wig must have fall off in the scuffle with the stewardess . a close - up of Brenda 's face . we now realize what she be say . exhausted but determine , she keep mumble to the stewardess who be hold she down . brenda let I off , you fuck bitch , let I off this damn plane immediately . the pilot come out of the cockpit , breathless . he speak to Brenda . pilot okay , lady , you win . I just get clearance from the control tower . we be go to let you off now . 66 . ext . hill . day scatter across the hill , the usual cow with they bell ringing randomly . Fred be sit on a rock face they . he watch the animal , he face blank . then he close he eye . the camera zoom in slowly . Fred move he arm , as if direct a orchestra , but this time nothing happen . the cowbell keep ringing in random , anarchic fashion . 103 . Fred , he eye still close , make a vex gesture . he move he arm more energetically this time , but still nothing . he can not seem to concentrate and compose in he mind . he be in need of music , but music no longer have need of he . he open he eye . the cow be still there , in front of he . and in a loud voice he issue a command , a pretty stupid thing to say to a bunch of cow . fred ballinger be quiet . but the cow and they cowbell ignore he . Fred drop he head slightly . he 's exhaust . his eye shine with grief . then , something surprising happen . without any warning , a parachutist land silently in the middle of the cow . Fred look at he . the parachute collapse on top of the man , cover he completely . he struggle to free himself , then look around in surprise and realize he have land in the wrong place , right in the middle of a herd of cow . he look at Fred and say calmly . parachutist I do not think this be where I be suppose to land . and , without wait for a reply , he head off across the hill . as Fred watch he , he eye still wet with tear , he smile . 67 . int . doctor 's office . day a magnificent bow window that look out onto the mountain , with a antique wooden birdcage . it 's a gorgeous , round structure , with a magnificent blackbird inside . the bird be chirp a simple , perfect song . we be in the office of the sixty - year - old doctor . he be stand behind he desk , stare with dismay and concern at Fred ballinger , who be sit on the other side of the desk , ecstatically contemplate the sing blackbird . the doctor being in a tactful voice . 104 . doctor will you be go to Los Angeles for the funer -- Fred interrupt he . fred ballinger ssshhhh ! the doctor fall silent . Fred , he face vacant , stand up and shuffles over to the window , to hear the bird 's song up close . the doctor too turn and look at the bird , which suddenly - and for no apparent reason - stop sing . Fred turn to the doctor and say , all in one go . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) bird be such artist ! no , I be not go to Los Angeles . I be not go to Mick boyle 's funeral . and I will not come back here on holiday either . because it 's absolutely pointless to return to the place where you have be happy . because you have to learn how to look everything else in the face . the doctor nod sadly . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) why exactly do you call I in here , doctor ? what be it you want to tell I ? the doctor sit on he desk . he pick up a medical file and open it . doctor I have the result of all the check - up you have be do during you holiday . fred ballinger and what do they say ? doctor you be as healthy as a horse , Mr. ballinger . Fred , hopeful almost , ask . fred ballinger my prostate at least ? the doctor be surprised . 105 . doctor you prostate ? you have never have a problem with you prostate . and if you have not have any problem so far , you be certainly not go to start have they now . Fred look up at the doctor . completely unexpectedly , he smile . and say . fred ballinger so I have grow old , but without understanding how I get here . the doctor give he a sad smile . Fred turn and look out the window . in the distance , he spot the young masseuse who be quickly crossing the hotel garden in she white work smock . she move quickly and gracefully , and Fred watch she with that same tinge of melancholy , while the doctor say to he . doctor so ... do you know what await you outside of here ? fred ballinger no , doctor , what ? doctor ( smile ) youth . the doctor reflect for a moment , grow sad . doctor ( cont 'd ) Mick boyle use to come by pretty often for a chat . Fred watch the masseuse disappear behind a row of tree and jump into the pool . then he ask the doctor . fred ballinger by any chance , do he ever tell you anything about gilda Black ? doctor he never talk about anything else . Fred 's ear perk up . he 's consume by curiosity . but he try to hide it , in order to get the answer he be after . fred ballinger be she he girlfriend ? 106 . doctor '' girlfriend '' be way too much . the only thing that ever happen be one time , when they be kid , they hold hand and walk together for a few yard in some park . Fred smile to himself . doctor ( cont 'd ) he use to call it " the moment I learn to ride a bike . " do not he ever tell you about it ? fred ballinger no . we only ever tell each other the good thing . 68 . ext . venice . ( various setting ) . night Venice be so beautiful . and mysterious . and unique . especially at night , when the city be still , desert , abandon seem , when even the most diehard tourist have fall into the arm of morpheus . canal , narrow street , Saint Mark 's Square . everything unmove and statuesque . but then he appear . in the distance , small and vulnerable , with that tiny , old - man shuffle of he . and flower , he 's carry flower . it 's Fred ballinger . he 's walk all by himself through this mysterious city . he cross a small bridge . a motorboat glide underneath , not make a sound . 68a . ext . cemetery . dawn a speedboat- taxi skirt the wall of the cemetery . Fred ballinger sit onboard , serious and tired , stare into the void , the flower in he lap . in the cemetery , he cross the long avenue dot with tomb . he 's look for someone . he approach a few tomb , but can not remember . and besides , he do not have much of a sense of direction . there , he 's finally find it . he stand in front of the tomb of igor stravinsky . but he keep hold the flower firmly in he hand . 68b . ext . venice . ( various setting ) . day Fred know the way now . he shuffles along a narrow street that border a canal . he turn a corner and stop . he look up sadly and see the sign for a private clinic . 107 . 69 . int . clinic . private room . day Fred , flower in hand , stand in a room of the clinic . a sober , private room . and he look . he 's look at a bed near the window where we see from behind a elderly woman , motionless , she hair loose , she forehead lean against the window . Fred pluck up he courage and arrange the flower in a small plastic vase on the night stand . then he pull the photo he have in the hotel out of he pocket and place it next to the flower . he sit down near she , he back to she . he look at the floor and , fill with a unusual shyness , he say . fred ballinger I wait till it be visit hour to come see you . Fred stare at the woman 's back under the sheet . Fred be expressionless . there be no noise . then , without emotion , without any intonation , Fred begin to talk , in a simple , unhurry manner . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) they do not know , Melanie . Children can not know they parent 's ordeal . sure , they know certain detail , the most strike element , that they know . they know what they need to know in order to side with one or the other . they need to simplify thing . and they be right . but they do not know . they can not know . they do not know how I tremble the first time I see you on that stage . and the orchestra laugh behind my back at my fall in love , at my unexpected fragility . they do not know that you sell you mother 's jewelry so I could finish my second piece , when everyone be turn I down and say I be a presumptuous , inelegant musician . they do not know that you too - and you be right - think at the time that I be a presumptuous , inelegant musician , and you cry nonstop , not because you have sell you mother 's jewel but because you have sell you mother . they do not know how you love I , and how I love you . only we know that . ( more ) 108 . fred ballinger ( cont ’d ) they do not know what we be together , you and I , despite everything . and that '' despite everything '' that be so exhaust , so painful , so hard . Melanie , they can never know that we two , despite everything , like to think of ourselves as a simple song . he 's do . he get up from he chair and stand on he toe , as if try to see he wife 's face , but he give up immediately . he can not handle it emotionally . so he simply stretch out he hand and move he wife 's arm few inch , so that it be in what he hope be a more comfortable position . 70 . ext . venice . hospital . night Fred leave the hospital . he walk toward the camera until we have a close up of he face . behind he , on the mezzanine , we glimpse Fred 's wife , she forehead lean against the glass and she mouth open . but only a glimpse , because from here she seem so far away . Fred stand still and reflect . he start to turn around , to look back at he wife , but he can not bring himself to . he desist and look straight ahead again . then he take a candy from he pocket , unwrap it , and pop it in he mouth . he try again to turn toward he wife , who be still there , far away , behind the glass , as if she be watch he instead of merely stare at nothing . but once again , Fred do not have the courage to look she in the face . he hold the candy wrapper between he finger , but this time he do not rub it . he throw it in the canal in front of he . tire and test , Fred reflect . and as he do so , ina close up shot , the violin from '' simple song no.3 '' begin to sound , but this time , we sense right away , it be play by a violin virtuoso , not a boy just start out . 71 . int . theater . evening absolute silence , two empty chair with gold trim . a elegantly dress audience have fill the theater . without warning , without any signal , the entire audience rise to its foot in eerie silence . two individual have enter the theater . we catch a glimpse of they through the backdrop of people . Queen Elizabeth ii and Prince Philip . they sit in the gold trim chair . we see they royal outline backlit by the light of the stage . 109 . the audience can sit down again . a violin virtuoso play the open bar of '' simple song no.3 '' . adagio , moderate volume . Prince Philip , in a backlit shot , he eye full of joy , expectant and excited . the eye of a child . on the stage , the great South Korean soprano , sumi jo , swallow secretly , overcome with panic and emotion . she get ready to sing . backlit , Queen Elizabeth glance at she consort and be happy . the Queen 's emissary , in the back of a box , observe from afar the happy Queen and Prince Philip , but he be still a ball of tension . sumi jo open she mouth wide and practically knock the house down when she break into a perfect , heart - rending love song . the large audience of extremely elegant guest jump out of they chair slightly , as if hypnotize by the soprano 's voice . sumi jo 's high note be over . it do not last long . Fred ballinger , concentrate intensely , in perfect control of himself , gracefully wave he baton , and the entire orchestra join in . string and wind instrument play in unison , the music rise , and the whole audience get goose bump . Jimmy Tree be there , alone , without any of he friend . he lean forward slowly on he chair ; he eye shine with childlike excitement . it 's beautiful , this plaintive simple song no.3 as it unfold ... 72 . ext . mountain cliff . day +. close up of lena and the hippy mountaineer . very close together . Close enough to kiss , if she be not tremble so much . he laugh , like a moron . they be so close . then he stop laugh . he look at she . he hold she close . she stop tremble . she look at he . we know they will kiss , but not now . the camera zoom out . 110 . lena and the mountaineer be hang in mid-air at ten thousand foot . nothing below they . she cling to he . kept alive by a rope and some carabiner . 73 . int . theater . evening Fred wave he arm and the string and wind grow fainter , until they finally disappear . just the violin now . Fred look at sumi jo . he signal with he eye for she to come in . sumi jo open she mouth again , another clamorous , long , perfect high note . Fred can not help but stare at the japanese soprano as she deliver that extraordinary sound . and she look at he . Fred keep look at she , but it 's as if he be see someone else ... 74 . ext . venice . hospital . day .»». as if he 's see she . his wife Melanie . sumi jo 's high note continue in this scene . the camera zoom in slowly on the hospital mezzanine . a close up of Melanie . her loose white hair , she face ravage by disease , she eye lose in a abyss , and she mouth open , as if she be sing . 75 . int . theater . evening a close - up of sumi jo , mouth open , still hit that high note . Fred ballinger look at she , skillfully hide any emotion . sumi jo look at Fred ballinger . she wait . and , at the crisp close of he hand , she suddenly , skillfully , end that crazy high note . the orchestra move to the conclusion . with a sharp , clear movement of he wand , Fred ballinger bring the music to a close . the orchestra stop . absolute silence . the world have stop spin . 111 . the Queen 's emissary let out a huge sigh of relief . it 's over . Jimmy Tree be sit upright in he chair , he mouth half - open , as if suspend in astonishment and excitement . he wait to see what will happen next . slowly , with learn gesture , Fred ballinger turn toward the audience . no self - satisfaction , at least not now . he be impassive , a sphinx , a professional . yes , that 's what he be , a professional . the member of the audience fan out below he . they eye wet , deeply move . Fred ballinger , imperturbable , wait for they to recover from the emotion . he know that they need a few more second for emotion to give way to applause . we know they will applaud , but not now . not yet . and in the silence , fade to black . slowly , calmly , the close credit begin . paolo sorrentino April 2014