Texas chainsaw massacre 5 script if you want to link to this script please do so by link to my index page . if you want to add this script to you site do not take it ; please also link to my index page and then visitor will be able to visit it through my site . this script be under copyright law ( see bottom of script ) so please do not take it for you site unless you have the consent of the author joshua Neal . View the statistic for this page here : _________________________________________ over black screen : 1 flash excerpts of Radio broadcast be hear as the credit appear . v.o. August 18 , 1973 , news of a bizarre , chainsaw wield family -- report which be to ignite the world 's imag- - ination -- begin to filter out of central Texas . regret - - tably , not one of the family member be apprehend , and for more than ten year , noth - - ing be further hear . then , over the next several year , at least two minor , yet apar - - rently related incident be report . then again ... nothing . for five long year ... silence . then ... yet another series of related incident occur ... New evidence and study from the FBI , show that all five of the related incident be do by separate , cannibalistic clan , and that none of the in - - cident be connect in any - - way . the idea that all have use a chainsaw , and show case of cannibalism , necrophelia , homosexuality , and transvestitism , be in no way connect to each other , and if they be , it be purely coincidental . although theory have circulate , and FBI official have talk , the only worthwhile conclusion be this people , whoever " they " may be , use the chainsaw , use sodomistic practice , and tran - vestitism , as a sign of they particular life style -- a cult . Religious , or not religious , they be believe to have prac- - tice the work , of the late Ed gein . a man who have spark imagination of Hollywood since 2 v.o ( cont 'd ) 1974 , a year after the first Texas chainsaw massacre be be - ported . we be dawn on a new century . all of the gein clan have believe to be apprehend ... accept one , and they be the master clan . title sequence : Real solution : a Texas chainsaw massacre roll credit : fade up : int . car ( moving ) - night two woman , obviously tired , fatigue , and with lack of rest slowly truck it down a lonely Texas highway . the two , both of they , very different ; both in they own way , might have not have share fashion tip , but can carry a conversation all across Texas if they want to . they be both : very verbal woman . the girl behind the wheel , a persona that leak through she presence , like icing on a hot cake , give off the appearance of the rebel of the group . her eye even read " bad ass bitch . " -- as she shove the gear into fifth , and put it on cruise control . her name be Leslie finch the girl ( or the more PC term for she be the scream queen ) on the passenger side , give off no presence . almost as if there be no presence to give off . all the sign of in- - teligent life be on the driver 's side . her name be kate she , be you typical buffy like character . y'know , no brain , and very easy . she 's a prep / tramp -- you know the type . kate put she book down , shine off a look of sheer boredom , and like a tractor beam , she point it in the direction on finch , and finch can not help but look over , because the innocent look puppy dog face be irresistible . 3 the look be make finch uncomfortable , and she twist she head around pop she neck in long - day discomfort , and sigh . kate put on puppy dog face , she eye deeper , and more pierce than before . finch lose it . finch ( irritate ) listen ! there be nothing to discuss . we be not stop for the night . we need to just keep on drivin ' . kate ( desperate ) pleeease ! ... besides ... I can barely keep my eye open . wh ... then what ? what happen ? I will tell you . finch ( beat ) knock yourself out . kate we be screw , royally . and , if I fall asleep ... most likely you will too . finch if I get tired , ( sure ) which be not very likely . ( calming down ) I will , pull over on the side of the ride -- no big deal . kate ... and get slaughter , by that ... guy , what 's he name ? the Texas chainsaw massacre . leather - - face ? no honey . I don ' think so . we be pull over in the next town , and we be checkin ' into a hotel . finch 4 kate ? could you please spare I this hacker , slasher bull - - shit . leatherface ? the Texas chainsaw massacre ? dammit ! listen to yourself ! four word it 's a horror movie . Three more it-aint-real -- Jesus . kate finch ? I think you know . finch know about what , kate . kate ( seriously concerned ) that be a true story , finch . finch true story my ass ... finch grab a cigarette from the dashboard , press the filter between she lip , and charge the car lighter , after she push the button to roll down the window . finch ( cont 'd ) I be not , for one second ; gonna believe that cockamamie bullshit . kate I do a paper on the guy my junior year . his name be Ed gein . finch kate , even if he be real , what make you think he will find we . what make you think that I will run into he ? what make you think that we be anywhere near he ? and listen to I , I be startin ' to think like you be ! all that mumbo jumbo bullshit be rubbin ' onto I . 5 the head of the carlighter pop up with a metallic thud . she yank it out , and pull it up to she cigarette , which have be in she mouth the whole time , then light it . she take a drag with comforting ease , and she eye roll up as she exhales . kate what about gas , you be runnin ' a little low finch , College Station would be a perfect stop to get some gas , and sleep for the night . finch kate , you roommate have speak . we be not stoppin' . not until we reach we destination . kate you do not have enough gas to get to huntsville and you know it . finch I have enough gas , godammit , I have more than half a tank leave . finch take another drag as kate continue to aggravate she . kate please finch . I will pay for both room . Separate room for the both of we . finch exhales and sigh simultaneously . finch you could sleep in the car any other night , but nooooo ... we be in Texas -- god forbid -- and we have to sleep in a hotel because kate be afraid of the ....fuckin ... what 's he name again . kate Ed gein . 6 finch no , that other silly name you come up with . what be it ? uh...skinface ? scarface ? what ? kate leatherface . finch look at she with disbelief . finch you be psycho ! after that as if on cue , the headlight dim , and the light above they darken , as the car slow down . kate shit ! the car crawl to a complete stop , and it cough it 's last breath of light , and go to shutdown mode , as it sit there embarrassingly low on juice . darkness . do not forget that they be in the middle of the wood , with no streetlight , and no house for mile . the only source of light be the cherry on finch 's cigarette . kate be you graspin ' the situation ? ' Cause in case you be , we be stick out here because the battery be dead . the battery that you say be fine , and if you would have stop when I ask you too , we - - would - not-be-in-this-situation ! finch give she a look . finch shut the fuck up . I be graspin ' the situation katlin . I do real - - ize the situation at hand . and if you would shut up for one second , maybe I grasp a solution to the situation ! shut the fuggup ! ( she pause ) all right , I thoughtta somthin ' . 7 kate what ? finch we get out , push the car onto the side of the road , and we sleep . they be blind by a set of headlight come down the road . the monstrous roar of the engine , give the fact away that it be a truck , a huge , loud truck . finch thank God , maybe he 's gotta battery . the truck ride into view , make the once dark highway light as day ( within a certain radius ) . ext . highway ( near truck and car ) - night a tall man hop out of the truck , and make a bee-line over to the car . he yank a flashlight from he utility belt , and shine it into the car . int . car - night the flashlight , blind the girl 's eye . finch shit . finch roll down the window , and extend a hand to greet he . finch hi . the tall man turn off the flashlight , and put forward he hand to greet hers . tall man hi . 8 tall man ( cont 'd ) look like ya have a problem with you car , mar 'am . finch yeah , well ... we battery it 's ... kinda screw . the tall man let 's out a war-heart laugh . tall man well , I and my brother , we would be glad to help . kate thank you very much . tall man oh , do not worry about it mar 'am . it 's a pleasure . anything to help out a couple of nice girl as y'self . kate thank you . tall man hi , m'name vilmer . kate hi , I be kate , and this ( point to finch ) be finch . the vilmer tip he cowboy hat with he flashlight . vilmer much oblige . well ... there be not a town out here for mile . now ... I on the other hand , live just a few mile down the road , and it just so happen , we have a brand new battery in he shed that 's just achin ' to be use . kate smile , charme by vilmer 's southern hospitality . finch 9 thanks vilmer , we would appreciate it . vilmer yeah , the way I see it , we will head back to my place , get you girl a battery , and we will have you back on the road in about a hour . but for the meantime , we will have to get you car off the road , and yall kind ride with I . finch well , we would not want to be a inconvenience . I mean ... we can wait here if you would like . vilmer ( concerned ) oh , lord no ! I would not leave two lovely lady such 's y'self out here in the dark , that 's just not right . the two girl smile impressed by he bedside manner . vilmer n'beside , yall two look a little tired , we will make sure you get somthin ' to eat before you get back on the road . kate ( thankful ) oh ... thank you . vilmer it 's no problem at all . finch you really would not mind . vilmer of course not , I and my brother , well ... we would love to have you for dinner . 10 finch let out a warm smile , look at kate ; then back to vilmer . finch well ... if it 's no convenience ... we would love to . vilmer great . now ... we need to get this car off the road . CUT to : ext . highway ( near the truck and car ) - night vilmer and he brother bone be push the car off to the side of the road , and be finish the job as of now . the two brother walk over to the two lady , who be by they truck , kate : try to keep warm , and finch : smoke a cigarette . vilmer finch , kate . I would like you to meet my brother , Bones . kate finch hi Bones . hi , how be you . Bones strike we as a kind - sorta strange person . he speak in a rapid pace , stutter , and run almost all of he word together . bone hi , lady , hi lady , how do you do , I be fine , I be fine , of course I be fine , but that 's not the case , of course we be we be talk about you , and you look fine , you do look fine , but thats why I be ask you , I be ask you ( to vilmer ) ohhh ( laughter of joy ) they look marvelous do not they , simply 11 bone ( cont 'd ) marvelous , they be pretty pretty lady , pretty , yes they be , wonderful simply wonderful . ( to the lady ) how do you do , you do look lovely , you do , you do , look at I I be rambling , I be rambling , I be rambling -- I need to stop , but you do you do , seriously you do you look very lovely you do . vilmer Bones , that 's very nice of you . ( to the lady ) c'mon , I will show you the back back cab . vilmer escort the two lady to the cab , leave Bones , who get in on the passenger side . finch I do not mean to say something that offend you but ... vilmer oh.. Bones ( smile ) he 's all right , it 's just that well ... ever since he mother die , he 's be a little on the depressed side , and the way he talk be just how ... I dunno ... how he deal with it . finch I be sorry I ask , vilmer . vilmer oh , no problem . c'mon let 's get to it . kate 12 okay , we promise , we will be quiet now . vilmer talk all you want , but , I will be in front , and if you want a beer or somthin ' there 's some in the cooler . the two girl hop into the back cab . finch thanks vilmer , we really do appreciate this . vilmer ya will be careful back there . kate shut the door to the back cab and vilmer walk around to the front cab and get in , and they ride off down the road . fade to black : int . truck ( moving ) - night vilmer and the lady be have a conversation , while Bones hold he small handheld radio , listen intently in he own private world . finch vilmer , I be sorry , I forget to ask , but ... do you mind if I smoke ? vilmer yeah I mind ... but now ... if you offer I one ... I uh ... might change my mind . finch let 's out a warm heart laugh . finch ( laugh ) Fair enough . finch pull out she pack of cigarettes , and hand he 13 one . vilmer accept it . pull out he shiny silver zippo , and light it . vilmer I appreciate it . finch no problem . kate ( cough ) you need to quit smoking . finch ( blow smoke in kate 's face ) what ? kate ( irritate ) never mind . CUT to : ext . TEXAS backwood - night the truck turn a swift corner , and start to drive down a lonely road , with no name . no light , and the howl of a thousand wolf . as they speed down the road into darkness , eventually , they disappear into the darkness . int . truck ( moving ) - night kate be show slight sense of discomfort . kate so ... do you live down here ? vilmer yeah ... it 's a more charmin ' vilmer ( cont 'd ) in the mornin' , when you can 14 actually see the place . use to be a big game preserve , be- - fore we family buy it . ext . TEXAS backwood - night the truck pull up to a backwood country house . noticeable only because of the light that be on inside . the four in the truck get out . but we attention be not base on they . we follow a trail that lead behind the barn . we turn the corner , and pan around to reveal the backside of the barn . what we see be completely out of the ordinary . tied to the barn , hang , swinging in the wind be a head - - less nude female corpse -- gut and bleed on the mud below . on the ground , a mound of flesh , inside , and red mesh be attract a swarm of fly . CUT to : int . country house - night it 's normal . typical , and most of all comforting . obviously a deadly cover . the front door enter into the dining room . which be connect to the kitchen . the far wall be connect to a threshold , which lead we to the live room . on the right end , be a set of recliner , separate by coffee table . on the extreme right be a entertainment Center , you have you tv , vcr , and a set of family picture . in front of the entertainment center , be a huge luxurious chair , old , yet comfortable , it 's back be to we -- and if someone be sit in the chair , we be unable to tell . the tv glow in the dim -lit room . 15 vilmer and Bones open the door in the Kitchen , escort the two lady inside . vilmer you two lady wait right here . I want to check and see if my older brother 's get he clothes on . ( to Bones ) Bones , keep them company okay ? bone righty -o , righty -o . vilmer walk into the live room -- over to the chair in front of the tv . he stay over by the threshold as vilmer lay it all down to the character in the chair in whisper . it be faint but we can hear some of it . vilmer found some fresh meat Mom . the character , a man , speak back to he in whisper . man good for you , son -- I be very proud of you . vilmer thank you momma . man do they know anything ? vilmer not yet momma , just the way you like it . and they both pretty , pretty lady . man Son , you do a good thing , now ... when jefferson get here ... you can make them just man ( cont 'd ) how you like them . 16 vilmer obviously loving , and caring for whoever 's in the chair . vilmer thank you momma . vilmer lean over to the man , he face hide by the back of the chair . we hear a soft smooch . vilmer get up and head back into the kitchen . vilmer finch ? kate ? I will show you where the battery be after dinner , but for now , we need to wait for my brother jefferson . he should be here any second . so while we wait , why do not we just sit down , and talk a little bit . ( pause ) I do not say this often -- probably because we dont get much company but ... it 's nice to have you here because I and Bones , we really do not get out much . finch thanks vilmer . vilmer my brother should be here . a flash from outside headlight make the dim - light house go bright . a smile spread on vilmer 's face . vilmer ( smile ) well , well . speak of the Devil . a skinny man , semi-good look - kind of a rugge handsomeness , walk into the kitchen door , sport a police uniform . 17 good looking man hey vilmer ! vilmer hey man , how ya doin ' ! ( to the lady ) lady , this be my brother jefferson . finch hi , jefferson kate hello . jefferson hello lady . vilmer we be just about to sit down and have a little chit chat . jefferson look at the two lady with a polite smile . jefferson be that right ? finch vilmer ? do you mind if I use the lady room . vilmer I be sorry little lady , but ... when you a guest with of a bunch of a heterosexual male ... I be afraid you gonna have to improvise with what we get . finch laugh . finch I guess that will do . vilmer Fair enough . kate 18 do you mind if I go too ? I have to go put my make - - up on . jefferson knock yourself out . kate thanks . the two lady get up and head to the restroom , which past the de . the two brother look at each other , with a gape grin . vilmer now it 's on . jefferson oh , baby ! vilmer run out to the shed and get the chainsaw , and my shotgun . jefferson check . int . bathroom - night finch be sit on the pot , while kate be lean over the counter , look into the mirror , while she put on she make -up . kate they seem like nice people finch yeah . ext . shed - night jefferson scramble into the shed and grab the chainsaw . and look around for the shotgun . int . bathroom - night 19 the two lady , still talk . kate D ' you smell that . finch sniff , and make a disgust face . finch ( gross out ) yeah , what the hell be that ? ext . shed - night jefferson find the shotgun , and the carton of shell and he start to load it . int . bathroom - night the two girl look almost nauseate by the smell . kate ( point to shower curtain ) I think it 's come from in there . finch be zipping up she pants . ext . TEXAS backwood we see jefferson run from the shed into the ... int . house - night he storm in , and toss vilmer the shotgun , and enter the live room and go to the chair , and hand whatever 's behind the chair the massive chainsaw . int . bathroom - night the two lady be stand in front of the shower curtain . they can see a shadowy figure behind the curtain , but they be unaware . finch yank the shower curtain back . kate try to scream bloody murder , but finch cover she mouth , while she too , be try not to scream . 20 we get a look at what they want to scream about . a bathtub , fill ankle high with blood , and plant in the blood be rip off arm , leg , and a entire torso area . and on the shower nozzle , plant on it -- be a decapitate head . it 's mouth open -- it look as if it be alive -- it would scream . finch ( genuinely terrify and quiet ) what the fuck ? what the fuck ? what the fuck be we gonna do ? when I take my hand away from you mouth -- you promise -- you promise I goddammit -- that you will not scream . kate nod she head , a stream of tear roll from both eye . finch let 's go , and she run for the toilet -- and vomit . there be a knock -knock -knock at the door , follow by two sinister high - pitch redneck - laugh finch ( catch breath ) who be it . voice ( mimick shark on Saturday night live ) mammogram . follow by some more sinister laugh . finch ( scream ) vilmer ! vilmer ( os ) 21 ( imitate lurch ) yoooouuuu rrrraaannng ? more derange redneck -laugh . vilmer ( os ) we be gonna count to three then we ah comin ' in . bone ! drumroll please ! bone ( os ) oh !!! ( he laugh ) drumroll drumroll , I will do a drum - - roll , drumroll -- watch this . ( make drum beat sound ) vilmer ( os ) one ! ( pause ) two !! ( pause ) three !!! the door creak open . -- silence . the mesquito buzzing from outside . finch ( scared ) kate we gotta get out of here now . kate , still hugging the toilet , strain to get up with vomit induce siliva drip from she mouth -- she face a pure red -- stain with tear . kate ( sniffle , scared ) there around the corner , I know they be , I know they be . we be gonna walk out of this bathroom and they gonna , do to we , what they do to that girl in the bathtub ! finch 22 I be gonna peek outside , you stay here . kate ( object , scared ) do not go , they will get you I do not want to be alone do ' leave I here ! ( cry ) I dun wanna di ... she be cry so hard she can not talk . finch do not worry , do not worry I will be right here , I be just gonna go take a peek . finch tip -toe over to the door , lean against the wall , and take a deep breath . the house be amazingly quiet . we can hear the screen door on the opposite end of the live room creak open , and slam close , repeatedly . she take one more deep breath , and exhales -- then peer out into the hallway , she look out to the right of the threshold -- then to the leave . both side -- empty . she walk back over to kate , who be about to have a nervous breakdown . finch okay , you see that door at the end of the live room ... kate nod she head , sniffle . finch we be gonna make a run for it . that 's it . that 's all kate need to hear to set off what look like pure fear . she peed in she pants , and floor get splatter with urine . finch 23 ( whisper ) kate . do not do this now ! we need to run . let 's go ! now ! finch grab kate and they run towards the door . they hit the screen door open , and speed out . ext . TEXAS backwood - night the two lady bolt into the wood , run at ludichrist speed . they can hear the brother 's yahooing in the background , as they tear ass through the wood -- chase after they . we can hear the truck drive around -- get to closer to the run victim . eventually the girl come across , a vast incave clear -- which look like a dry up lake . the take a run down into it . there be enough trinches , and use - to - be island -- for it to be consider a great place to hide . the truck drive up to the edge of the pit . int . / ext . pit - night vilmer and jefferson hop out , Bones be nowhere to be find . while the dark figure that be in the chair remain in the back of the truck . vilmer I will take care of them for ya momma -- do not you worry . the dark figure remain silent in the back of the truck . vilmer ( to jefferson ) c'mon Jeff , we get some prime rib ' need skillin' . jefferson 24 now you be talkin ' ! vilmer all right ! the girl be hide behind a mound of gray soil , which be mulched in with chop bark , and dead pine needle , as they watch the redneck - killer hop out of the car . kate ( scared ) finch ? finch ( whisper ) what ? kate ( scared and cry ) you say there be no such thing . you say he be not real ! you say -- finch ( whisper ) nevermind what I say -- okay ? you be right , I should have listen to you . obviously , kate be in shock -- and finch be just tell kate what she want to hear . kate ( in shock ) I be scared , finch . I be scared . I do not want to die here . finch grab she by she shoulder and give she a good shake . finch ( whisper ) listen ! if you keep this up we will die here ! you to get you ass in gear -- and stop bring down the fuckin ' house ! the headlight of the truck go out -- so do the post light surround the dock . 25 pitch blackness . finch fuck . kate how be we gonna get out of here ? finch shhhh. ( whisper ) you hear that ? kate focus here hearing -- we hear the gravel , which surround the pit 's floor break -- footstep heavy footstep get louder -- every time a step hear . finch ( mouth the word ) " oh , shit . " the footstep stop . within they radius -- yet unseen in the midnight blue . finch ( whisper ) kate , kate ! we gotta move . a flare -- fire up in front of they / with no one around it . no sound except for the hissing of the flare . kate let 's go . intend to make we jump out of we seat -- something rush past they . they notice it and jump . faintly , in the background -- we can hear the shotgun go off , and the faint buzz of a see of some sort . at the far corner of the pit -- finch could make out 26 something -- then what she see flashed to life . a decapitate head , stick on a pole , be light on fire use as a guidance tool -- obviously for the brother . then another head / torch light up on the other corner . then another corner . then another . flaming head at all end of the pit . to make you jump again -- something rush past they . another flare burst to life on the opposite side as the other one . still , no one to be see . still the faint sound of buzz ... a huge man , burst out from nowhere , wield a massive chainsaw in a split second , and cut finch on the ankle before she could runaway . finch hit the ground -- grab she ankle scream in pain . while kate run for it . scare for she life , blind with fear , she run right into the arm of jefferson . jefferson hi ya ! sweetheart ! vilmer run up to the two . -- vilmer look at the man with the chainsaw . we finally get a good look at he . Long dark hair -- wear a mask , make out a fragment of other people 's face -- a white button - up dress shirt , nice and 'clean , a black tie to match he black leather slack and black leather jacket -- holding a huge chainsaw , with a engrave cu engrave etched on the see read " the saw be family " 27 vilmer ( troubled ) momma ! leatherface look up at he . vilmer ( sad ) momma , I say I would take care of it for ya ! leatherface speak perfect English , with a deep powerful voice . leatherface vilmer -- I be sorry baby ! you know I do not mean to upset you . vilmer go over to leatherface , and hug he , and you can slightly detect a tear in vilmer 's eye . vilmer ( muffle ) I be gonna give them to you as a present momma ! leatherface there , there , it 's all over now -- Son it 's the best present I have ever receive . vilmer ( cry ) I want it to be a surprise momma ! leatherface look at you ! you such a big boy -- ( baby he ) look at this vilmer -- you get two bird with one stone . such a good little helper . vilmer lift up he face , which be bury in leatherface 's shoulder , and look at he with a teary eye . 28 vilmer I love you momma ! leatherface remove he mask to show a normal -- in - fact handsome face -- unshaven . but not deform in anyway . he tie he long hair back into a pony -tail . leatherface come vilmer ! -- let we eat dinner ! finch wait . leatherface yes ? finch please do not cuff I . I have have to wear cuff for the last ten year of my life -- I will do what you tell I to , as long as ... as long as ... leatherface yes dear ? finch I want you to make it quick . I do not want to die slowly . leatherface walk up to she , and put he hand on she shoulder . leatherface what 's you name dear ? finch Leslie . Leslie finch , my friend call I finch , though . leatherface May I call you finch ? finch do it really matter ? leatherface 29 to I it do . finch I guess so . leatherface finch , you do as you tell , I will make it as quick as possible . leatherface look at she hand . he pick they up , and put they up to he nose , and take a big whiff . leatherface you smoke , yes ? finch regrettably . leatherface might you spare one to I ? finch pull out she pack of cigarettes . finch they be menthol , you sure ? leatherface mmmm . menthol , even better . finch draw a cigarette from the pack and hand it to leatherface . leatherface accept it , and press the filter between he lip . he pull out a zippo from he pocket -- unlike you zippo 's usual cover -- this lighter be cover with skin . he light he cigarette . they start walk out of the pit , in row of two : finch by leatherface , vilmer by kate , and jefferson trail . finch 30 what 's you name ? leatherface my name be Ed gein the third . finch be you related to the Ed gein in Wisconsin ? leatherface yes , I be . we ... we be he family . finch I think all of you be catch about five year back . leatherface no , not entirely . y'see -- what we do as a family , be what several family do twenty year back . what few family do , a few year back . and it 's what we do now . all of we family , spread out across Texas , we all follow Edward , some family even think of he as a god . I see he a grandfather , and a damn good one at that . but all of the other family , ten in all -- have either be catch , or be outsmart by they own food . leatherface smile as the walk up the hill and out of the pit . leatherface y'see , we be not monster . to you yes , we may well be -- but you have to understand that it 's nothing personal . you just we meal ticket . finch I have see you movie . leatherface crackle a flim - laden laugh . leatherface 31 they somthin ' be not they ? finch it 's just ... well ... leatherface I know , all they guy with the leather mask and the chain - - see , be few can short of a six pack -- I know this . but it do not bother I , I mean it 's just a movie -- they do it for rating and I can respect that . finch Ed , what be you go to do with we when we get back to the house ? leatherface well , we be go to eat supper , you be go to watch , and then this hellhole you call life will have just be a terrible dream as you journey to you unknown destination . CUT to : int . house - night . the Kitchen / dining room be empty , and quiet , accept for the hmmmm of the a /c unit in the live room . leatherface , finch , vilmer , kate , and jefferson enter . leatherface vilmer , tie the lady down please . vilmer yes , mar 'am . finch look at vilmer in a funny way . as if not understanding the awkwardness of the situation . vilmer go into the kitchen and bend down out of view . he reappear with two handfuls of cargo rope . 32 vilmer advance toward the two girl . kate , the whole time -- almost in a trance - like state look down at the floor . vilmer if you lady will please have a seat . finch take a seat at the dinner table , while kate continue to stand -- lose in she own world . vilmer escort she gently to a seat at the dinner table , then proceed to tie they up . leatherface I be go to go check on bone , and see how the food 's comin' . leatherface exit the House . jefferson vilmer . vilmer be in the middle of tie they up . vilmer yeah ? jefferson we get a drugbus ' t'day ? vilmer look up with a serious face . vilmer ( interested ) you get something for I . tell I you get sumthin' . jefferson smile . jefferson I might , it all depend on how much money you get . vilmer finish tie the girl up , and walk over to 33 jefferson . vilmer I get about two-hundred . jefferson good enough . vilmer clap he hand , and jump up and down , with pure enjoyment . vilmer jefferson , you be a good man . jefferson anything for my favorite brother . vilmer grab he and give he a great big man-like hug . leatherface and Bones enter the house through the kitchen door . leatherface be empty hand , but Bones , enter with a huge tray of raw and cook meat . Bones speak , with a cigarette hang from he mouth . bone soup on ! soup on ! lady lady come have some meat with we it 's delicious , delicious -- you will love it , just love it . he set the meat down onto he table . leatherface set the table with plate -- no utensil . jefferson open up the fridge , and pull out a jug of milk and grab four glass , then work he way to the table as he set down the drink . the four of they sit down finch look down at the dinner table -- it now have a table cloth on it make out of sew and stitched human skin . leatherface 34 well ... let 's eat . the four guy grab some body part from the tray and start to chow down . vilmer grab a hand -- a grill hand , and start to eat it as if it be a chicken leg . kate see it , and start to shake in fear . jefferson take the face -- uncook and cut a slice off of it , and set the face back onto the tray . bone grab what look to be some sort of cook genital and start to chew . we can literally see kate , break down . finch , close she eye . leatherface cut up the gut uncook torso , and break out a rib and start to chow down . kate be lose she mind -- you can see it in she eye . finch still have she eye close . we can hear , the rip , and crunch , chomp of the cannibal as they eat they dinner . kate 's give off a presence of purebred fear . she look at vilmer , eat the hand up , and break off the bone . she look at jefferson , eat the slice of the face -- he eye close -- savore it . she look at Bones , curl up , knaw on the genitals then she turn to leatherface , eat the bloody rib , the loose tender meat drop off of the bone , and out of he mouth . it all sink in to she -- she 's completely aware . she scream a hellish cry of the banshee , as she look up and close she eye . 35 she wet she pants , and she water splatter on the floor . the cannibal continue to chow down . until we hear another scream , a muffle one in the b.g. from below . vilmer slam he hand down on he plate . vilmer goddammit ! he get up and walk into the Kitchen , and bend down , and lift up what sound like a trap door . vilmer what the ... hell do you want ! a muffle female voice os talk back . female voice ( os ) ( desperate ) I hungry , I real real hungry . vilmer what happen to the last batch of shit I give you ?! female voice ( os ) I eat it all . vilmer make a face . vilmer you what ? you eat it all ?! Jesus Christ ! I give you that batch yesterday . she whisper something . finch pay attention , fascinate , yet scared . vilmer all right , all right , what do 36 you want ? ( pause ) make it quick , I in the middle of eat . ( pause ) let 's see . vilmer walk around the kitchen , look around . vilmer we get some bananner , more bananner ... some apple . ( pause ) no ? well , you want some cereal ? ( pause ) it 's either fruit of cereal . ( pause ) it 's either fruit or cereal . ( pause ) both ? all right . he grab two box of cereal and a plastic bag of fruit and throw it down there . vilmer do not ask I for anymore shit ' till the mornin ' aight ? ( pause ) okay , g'night shelly . he slam the door , and lock it , he get up , and walk toward the dinner table . he sit down , pick up the hand he be eatin ' on , and throw it back on the plate . vilmer it do get cold . fade out : fade in : the family and the hostage be still at the dinner table . the tray be empty , and they plate be a bloody mess . 37 leatherface be leisurely chew on a fat cigar , while vilmer and jefferson be smoking a cigarette . finch who 's momma ? vilmer momma could not eat with we tonight . finch ( to vilmer ) I hear you call Edward momma . vilmer burst up from he chair , in a spit of rage -- he grab the knife from the table and put it up to finch 's neck . vilmer that 's a GOD damned lie ! leatherface vilmer ... put the knife down , be that anyway to treat you guest ? finch who be that ... below the kitchen ? leatherface that be the Black sheep of the family . vilmer I tell that bitch she could come upstairs and live like a normal human bein ' , she aint movin ' a muscle . finch then , why be she down there . vilmer that bitch refuse to eat 38 meat . finch what kinda meat ? vilmer the only kind there be that 's worth eatin' ! finch you keep she down there because she refuse to eat she own race ? why do not you just kill she , like you be with I and kate . leatherface because she ... ( pause ) ... she 's family . she 's vilmer 's little sister . yep .... vilmer try so hard to teach she to do the right thing ... but , in the end ... leatherface point to the trap door in the kitchen . leatherface we do the only thing we could do . finch so you keep she lock down there like a ... like a child reject . leatherface exactly Ms. finch -- vilmer , time play in the barnhouse . jefferson interrupt . jefferson wait a minute , it 's my turn . leatherface it will be you turn tomorrow . jefferson 39 no ! I keep lookout for the past three night ! leatherface the last two night , you keep lookout one more night , then it will be you turn , I promise . jefferson look up , as if he 's try to think . jefferson I be goin ' tomorrow night , I will remember you say that . leatherface okay . jefferson I will . leatherface okay , jefferson . vilmer we gonna invite this two lady ? leatherface no , there 's more than plenty in there now . vilmer get up . vilmer so what be we gonna do with this two while we be go ? leatherface place he cigar in the mouth of the head , that be eat from . leatherface tie them up in the cellar . jefferson I will take the liberty of doin ' that . vilmer 40 thanks , jefferson . jefferson hey man , no problem . jefferson get up , and start to help the lady up , while leatherface head back to the back of the house , and vilmer walk outside . jefferson what be yall usin ' tanight ? vilmer we be use the family chainsaw . jefferson let out a evil grin . vilmer give a evil grin back then exit the house . CUT to : darkness wherever we be , there be alot of people , but they all breathe heavy , and the chitter - chatter of all the scared and unreasonable voice be mix -- only to sound like gibberish . the light flash on -- we be in a ... int . barnhouse - night there be at least ten victim in the barnhouse . all scattered around the mound of hey that be scattered throughout . the front door of the barn open , and all of the people step back , frightened by the unknown . vilmer walk in , pump action shotgun in hand . vilmer ( cock shotgun ) lady and gentlemen ! now ! the moment you have all be wait for ! that derange , vilmer ( cont 'd ) disturb , skin-wearin ' psychotic 41 brother of mine ! ( imitate box announcer ) leeeeeaaaattthhhh--errrrfaaaaccce ! leatherface enter the room with he chainsaw in hand . but he look different : he 's wear a woman 's skin -- all over he body , and wear a oversize tacky - fade dress with poka-dot on it -- and he 's also wear another one of he leather mask . he 's also carry a huge chainsaw , huge , and on the side of the blade that we see , it read " who will survive " he raise the chainsaw up in the air and he let it roar , and when he do that , we can read the other side : " and what will be left of they ? " . vilmer shut the door and lock they in , lock several deadbolt , and master key lock . in vilmer 's right hand be a boombox -- he set it down and turn it on . it blare a heavy metal song , while the two run around play a deadly game of cat and mouse . vilmer take aim at the fleeting hurd , who be progress to the back of the barn , he fire -- and blast a middle - age man 's leg off . he run over to the helpless man lay on the ground and shoot he in the face -- several time ; cause the man 's head to spatter all over vilmer and on the hay - laden floor . leatherface take a run slice at a young man , slashing he entire head / torso area off . vilmer reload . leatherface turn the chainsaw off . vilmer toss the shotgun over to leatherface -- he catch it . leatherface toss the chainsaw to vilmer -- he catch it and turn it on . 42 vilmer corner a lady in a corner of hay , he take the chainsaw to she , and the blood fly , cover he completely . we can hear she blood -curtle sound , he back up , and ram the chainsaw up she stomach -- she scream even louder . he step back and run back into she , but off she arm completely , and he 's saw she with one hand , and bashing she with she own hand in the other . she 's dead . he cut 's she head off , and run around with it in he hand scream like a wild indian . leatherface have a young teenage female saddle , he have the barrel press against she head , tightly , he pull the trigger , the entire top of she head be blast into nothing . CUT to : ext . TEXAS backwood - night a black man be get down from he tripod , after a long day of hunt . he begin to unload he rifle . int . barn - night vilmer run up to a teenage girl , in a far corner , he raise the chainsaw up . he look demented , blood cover face , eye bulging , like a insane lunatic , and jack nicholson's devilish grin . the girl scream , let all air from she lung escape , which to vilmer , prove to be really loud . ext . TEXAS backwood - night the Black man , still unload hear the blood curtling scream . 43 he look up . we can faintly hear the buzz of a chainsaw . then another scream -- the buzze and the scream be constant . he look down at he gun -- and start to load the bullet back in the rifle . int . barn - night leatherface have the shotgun hang on he shoulder , as he 's beat a old man with he own , rip - off leg . then finally take the shotgun to he face at close range . vilmer run up to a middle - age woman , and start to see she in half at the waist line . he halfway do saw she -- he hold she leg with he right hand , and kick she in the torso , and the top half of she rip off . the two killer exchange weapon again . vilmer take aim at a regress victim -- he fire the victim 's head explode all over a Teen -ag boy . the boy look at leatherface who come forward with the chainsaw . leatherface stab the chainsaw into he gut -- and start to cut in a round symmetrical motion , carve a hole in he stomach . the boy hit the hay -- dead , a bloody mess . we get a overview of the damage . the barn , be a bloody mess , there limb scattered through out . they hey and wall -- what use to be a fade yellow -- now , a crimson red -- with faint trace of yellow -- which be almost non-existent . vilmer pick of another suspect victim with he trusty shotgun . 44 leatherface , give the chainsaw one quick swift swing and slice off a man 's leg , as the victim tumble to the ground -- scream in pain . he then run over to another man -- who be try to run away from vilmer , slice she back open -- he slide the chainsaw ( which be strapped ) over he shoulder -- and put both of he hand on both of she shoulder . he give she swift kick through the gape hole in she back , which cause she stomach to explode , and leatherface ' foot to slide out the other side . he then let she drop to the ground , put he fee leg on top of she back force the stick leg out of the body , remove the high heel he be wear . all the victim have be slain , accept one -- a teenage girl , possibly early twenty . the run like decapitate chicken -- in everywhich way but the killer . vilmer take the rifle to she arm , and blow it completely off -- only hang by a flap of skin that use to cover she elbow joint . she hit the ground -- fall to she knee . a look of disbelief on she face , maybe even denial . like this be not happen to she . leatherface , roar up the chainsaw -- she do not move -- probably scared shitless at the time . he press the chainsaw against she leg , and he start to see away -- until the leg be completely separate from the body . then vilmer take the separate leg and ram it into she stomach swiftly , and as hard as he can . the impact hit she at such a force which cause she to vomit . leatherface , press the chainsaw through she neck , as vilmer blast she with the shotgun repeatedly until he be completely out of shell . 45 they look around the barn -- enjoy they masterpiece vilmer this be the best one we have have in a good long while momma . leatherface yeaht ... I will have 'tat give you that one . ( laugh ) we tore they motherfucker up -- didn 't we ! vilmer yeah buddy ! leatherface c'mon , let 's go get clean up and carve up that two beautiful woman -- shall we ? vilmer that sound like a mighty fine idea -- then , maybe afterwards ( sadness , weak ) you think maybe you could ... well ... I miss you momma . leatherface honey ( hand on cheek ) after what you do today ... there 's no doubt in my mind . you will not go unrewarded tonight . vilmer give leatherface a huge affectionate hug , and kiss he . vilmer I love you momma ! leatherface I know , son , I know -- I love you too . 46 the two exit the barn , leatherface 's arm around vilmer 's shoulder . CUT to : ext . house - night the hunter be walk around the house , try to distinguish , where the sound be come from -- not sure if it be this place . he walk up to the Kitchen entrance door , and rap a few time . he hear some muffle sound , strange sound , then the door fly open , and vilmer , stick he head out of the door -- now clean . vilmer hi , can I help you stranger ? black man hi , my name ashe Harrison , I be huntin ' a few acre back and I think I hear some scream ... be yall aight ? vilmer scream ? ( confuse ) I do not hear any scream . ashe you do not hear that scream ? lordy , they be loud enough to wake up , you neighbor . vilmer we do not have any neighbor . ashe Harrison whip he on the collar bone , and laugh . ashe exactly . ashe burst out in a loud high - pitch laughter . 47 vilmer can not help but laugh with he . vilmer naw , can not say that I hear anything -- so , d' you kill anything ? ashe ' scuse I ? vilmer D ' you kill anything , y'know -- you say you be hunt ... ashe oh , yeah -- thasright , sorry ... no , no -- do not get nothin ' ts'been a slow year . vilmer yeah , I can understand that . well , hey ... do not be stranger come in -- have a cup of coffee . ashe well , thank you . vilmer hey , no problem , man . vilmer let he in and shut the door . int . house ( back hallway ) leatherface be now in normal attire , she have the two girl by the neck in the dark . leatherface I have be nice before , now it 's time to get to it . you white - trash whore say a fuck - - ing word , make so much as a fuck sound -- I will will torture you -- all night long if I have to -- do you understand ? the two nod they head . 48 leatherface walk into the live room , then into the kitchen , and greet ashe . vilmer ashe , this be my brother , Ed . ashe hi Ed . ashe extend he hand . leatherface front he to accept it . leatherface hi , how you doin ' . let 's go into the live room , and get aquatinte . ( to vilmer ) vilmer , you put the coffee on . vilmer will do . leatherface lead ashe into the live room they both sit down , leatherface 's back be to the threshold while ashe can look into the hallway . int . house ( hallway ) - night finch and kate be listen in , kate , more awake and more motivate listen in intently . kate ( whisper ) I get a idea . finch ( whisper ) what ? kate unbutton you shirt , 49 finch ( whisper ) what ? why ? kate ( whisper ) just do it . finch unbutton she shirt . kate pull out some lipstick , and begin to write something right under she neck . finch ( whisper ) what be you do ? kate finish write whatever she write , and peer into the live room , she could see the black man , and leatherface have he back to they . kate ( whisper ) I want you to walk out in front of the threshold , and show the sign -- make sure you keep he quiet . she put she finger on she mouth , in a " shhh . " gesture kate ( whisper ) like that . take a deep breath and do it . finch take a deep breath , and let it out quietly . then stand out in front of the threshold . ashe look up while leatherface be complain to vilmer about the coffee , he see the lipstick - write message under she neck he see the large letter -- in print . " help US " finch put she finger up to she close lip , shhh . she then draw back into the darken hallway . ashe look concerned , but keep a poker face , when leatherface turn back around . leatherface I be go to go check on the coffee , I will be right back . leatherface go into the kitchen , finch pop she head back out , mouth the word " help we " . ashe look frighten and concerned , and he nod he head he mouth the word " okay " ashe Ed , can I use the restroom ? it 's be a long night . leatherface sure , knock yourself out . ashe get up and head toward the bathroom in the hall . he open the bathroom door up and look back into the live room . he motion for the girl to get inside the bathroom they do so . int . house ( bathroom ) - night . he lock the door behind they . ashe ( whisper ) we be go out of the window , my car be a mile down the road . I will ask question later . he open the window , and he let 's kate crawl out . ashe c'mon . finch you go , I will trail you . ashe Fine . he hop out of the window . the bathroom door fly open . finch scrabble for the window , and get halfway out , but be drag back in by leatherface . ashe and kate make a run for it into the wood . leatherface drag she out of the bathroom kick and scream . int . house ( live room ) - night leatherface drag she through the live room , still scream and kick . leatherface I think I tell you not to move ? I think I tell you not to move a fuck muscle ! you bitch ! for the first time finch seem utterly terrify . CUT to : darkness a door open , shine some light in , the light -- a bulb in the center of the room flash to life . int . cellar - night the room be cover , with blood , dry and fresh -- the entire room be a blood red , with limb of dead people , and dead people push aside all around the corner of the floor . hook hand all over the ceiling , along with chain , hold chunks of leave over on they . leatherface drag finch in , painting she back a blood red . he pull she up and tie she up on a hook . 52 tear in she eye , utterly terrify . leatherface you have be a good girl -- for the most part -- I will give you you quick death . he pull out a gun and shoot she -- she take a deep , quick gasp of air in , then drop -- exhaling -- hang limp . leatherface exit . we stay on finch , hang dead . fade to black fade up : int . house ( kitchen ) - night leatherface , vilmer , jefferson , and Bones be in the kitchen talk . leatherface what do we have gentleman ? jefferson ashe Harrison , 23 year old , license plate number : z 89 -284 life in creemont , about fifteen mile from here , address : 3925 delin Road , my guess thats where he 's head . vilmer what about the girl ? jefferson that I do not know . vilmer what about the other girl ? leatherface she would not talk -- she 's dead . 53 bone I know who she be . I do I do , I know , iknow -- her name kate , kate , thats she name , thats she name . jefferson do you know she last name ? bone roarke , roarke -- kate roarke -- oh , ho , ho , I be smart yes I be , look at I look at I , I be brag . leatherface jefferson , I think it 's time for you to go back to work . take she into custody . take vilmer with you . jefferson all right . vilmer ? let 's go . CUT to : ext . TEXAS backwood - night thick , heavily wooded area , ashe and kate run through it they stop , and bend over put they head between they leg , try to get air , heavily and quickly , breathe in and out . ashe it 's not to far from here . kate what be ? ashe my car . kate my side hurt . 54 ashe you will get plenty of time to rest , when we get to the car . -- c'mon , let 's get movin ' the two run offscreen . ext . TEXAS highway ( near TEXAS backwood ) - night a car , off the side of the road , all of the sudden bloop bleep , and ashe and kate run out of the wood and into the car . int . car - night ash turn on the car , and drive off . ashe okay ( let out a huge sigh ) now , do you mind tell I what that be all about back there . kate I hear you when you come in . you say you hear scream . ashe yeah . kate they trap a whole bunch of people in a barn , and they kill they one by one , with a chainsaw and a shotgun . -- and what they kill ( catch breath ) they eat . ashe look at kate , with worried puzzlement . ashe say again ? kate they eat people , they ... 55 ashe cannibal . kate yeah . ashe I be sorry , this story seem to be a little ... now , I be not sayin ' I believe ya now I be just sayin ' ... kate look , have you ever see the movie " the Texas chainsaw massacre " ? ashe who have not ? kate that people back there , be the people in the movie -- the real people . ashe you serious ? kate look , they tie I down at the dinner table , and make I watch they a dead human be . ashe that aint right . kate what be we gonna do now . ashe I be go to take you home , and we be go to forget the whole thing ever happen . kate but what about my roomate . 56 ashe you be roomate be dead we will file a miss person report and that will be that . kate sigh , and pull out cigarette from she shirt pocket and light it . ashe this be a non-smok auto- - mobile . could you please put that out ? kate roll down the window , and flick it out . ashe thank you . ( pause ) now , we need to stick together for a while . s'there anywhere you need to be ? kate no . ashe we will go to my place -- they will not know where we be , we will just lay low , just in case they come look for we . kate okay . CUT to : int . residential house - night this be you normal , suburban - type nightmare of a house . live room , two bedroom , one master bedroom , a live room with a fire place -- and a study . the hear the door unlock , as ashe and kate stroll in . ashe I be hungry , you hungry ? 57 kate yeah . kate seem to be bother by the incident , almost disturb , or sadden , but with she face , it 's hard to tell ashe it will be all right , I be sorry about you friend , but there not a single thing we can do about it . kate she be not my friend . ashe sorry ? kate she be not my friend , she be my roomate -- but -she - - do not - deserve - to-die-like - - that -- no one do . ashe I will file a miss person report in the morning -- but now we be gonna get something to eat and thank Jesus we be alive . kate look at he -- a nice man , very heartfelt she could not help but feel safe with the man . kate okay . CUT to : int . bedroom - night ashe lead kate to a bedroom further down the house . ashe this the guest bedroom , it 's better than my bed . 58 kate thanks . ashe I be go to go see if I can file that miss person report . kate okay . ashe walk off leave she alone in the room -- she have a seat at the nightstand . and look at herself in the mirror . bloodie , face flushed , and mascara ble , and lipstick lose . she look like a nervous wreck , and act like one too , probably because she be one . she put she head on the desk , in she arm , and start to silently cry -- after a second she lift she head up and look into the nightstand mirror . only to see the reflection of the window , with vilmer outside , look , stare , with a demonic face . she turn around , and he be go . ashe walk in again . ashe they say they would look for she in the morning , for now ... ( puzzle ) what 's wrong . she look in the window , she body lock up , freeze -- she see vilmer in the window again , tell she to silently shush , with he finger up to he mouth . kate nothing . ashe hey , it 's go to be all right ... 59 the power go out , and the two be leave in the room , in the dark . ashe where 's that lighter you get ? she hand it to he -- and he light it . the room glow a dim yellow , and they exit the room -- not notice jefferson , who be in the corner . live room kate and ashe be walk around the live room -- which be light by the fire roaring in the fireplace . ashe I be gonna go check the fuse . you stay here . kate ( demand ) no! please . ashe this happen all the time . do not worry about it . ashe open the front door . ashe lock the door behind I . kate nod she head . ash walk out of the house and shut the door behind he . ext . ashe' house - night ash pop on a flashlight and walk around to the side of the house . the fuse line have be cut all the way through 60 ashe aw , shit . a rustle in the bush , he shine the flashlight in the sound 's direction . nothing . a metallic ting - tang - ting - tang , in the b.g. repeat , as if the sound of water hit metal . ashe who 's there ? a fade redneck - sinister laugh in the b.g. the fade sound of a chainsaw , cut through something . ashe a chainsaw ? the sound be get louder ashe start to walk the opposite direction from which the sound be come . the sound of the buzzing chainsaw , still follow he -- get louder , the sound more distinct . ashe start to run . the sound get louder and fore define . the buzz stop . ashe look back . nothing . more disgruntled laugh . something just whizze past he . he jump . he walk back to the front door . 61 ashe knock on he door , and kate open it -- and when she do , leatherface jump onto the porch and saw ashe to bit . leatherface turn the chainsaw off , and kate run back into the house , run right into vilmer . vilmer hello , sweetheart . CUT to : ext . leatherface's house - night they truck come drive into the dirt path in front of the house , and all of the family get out , and go to the bed of the truck , and pull out kate , who be tie up from head to toe , and drag she off behind the house . vilmer time to cut you up , little missy -- time to die . CUT to : int . cellar - night we be in the same cellar as last time , but finch be nowhere to be see . leatherface and jefferson drag she into the cellar and hang she by she cuff , on a meathook . leatherface d' you tell vilmer to secure the area . jefferson yes sir . leatherface where 's Bones ? jefferson I dunno , somewhere . 62 leatherface good enough . leatherface start to unbutton she shirt , expose she stomach . he set he chainsaw down in the corner by the door . leatherface Hand I the scalpel , please . jefferson hand he the scalpel . leatherface and a meathook . jefferson hand he a meathook . jefferson meathook . leatherface thank ya s'much . ( to kate ) I have have to put up with alot of shit from you . he take the meathook and give it a underhand swing -- right up she gut -- she vomit blood . then with he leave hand , slit she throat with the scalpel . kate slump over dead -- spilling a ton of blood on the floor . finch limp into the cellar , unotice ; hold she hurt shoulder . leatherface ( to jefferson ) let 's skin this bitch and go to bed . jefferson right on . the start skin kate , while finch pick up the chainsaw and 63 advance towards the two occupy , unsuspecting cannibal . jefferson by the way , where 's that other girl that you kill , do not you leave she in here . finch rip the cord of the chainsaw , and it buzze to life . the two man turn around . jefferson point he finger at she . jefferson now you wait just a goddamn minute there . she raise the chainsaw , and slice off he hand -- it hit the floor , still point it 's finger . jefferson scream bloody murder . she then take a swift whack through he neck , decapitate he . jefferson 's head hit the floor -- he jaw still twitching . leatherface take off he mask , and put he hand up . leatherface you win . she ram the chainsaw through face -- the chainsaw -- stick inside if he face , while still buzzing -- he too fall to he death on the bloody floor . the chainsaw , which be still buzzing be make leatherface 's head spurt out a gallon of blood a second . she wipe she face , which be cover in blood , and exit the cellar . CUT to : int . leatherface's house - night vilmer be at a computer in a bedroom -- it read area 64 secure . he get up and walk out of the of the bedroom . CUT to : ext . TEXAS backwood - night finch be limping through the wood , and come up to a clear -- fifty yard away from the wood be a barb - - wire wire fence , tower ten foot high . she run up to it , and begin to climb it , but be shock she back a good three foot , burn she hand . she moan in sheer pain . int . cellar - night vilmer walk in , and the expression on he face shift from happy to a sad / upset which cause he to kneel down by he brother -- kate 's through , and stomach still pour blood to the floor . his jaw tremble and shake , as if he be to cry but be hold it in . close he mouth , try to hold he jaw from shiver -- not work . his eye turn a dark red , and finally let it out . he look at leatherface , with the chainsaw implant in he head , he try to pull it out , but have no luck . which only make he cry harder . he look up and yell a hellish , loud cry vilmer you bitch ! you fucking bitch ! i'm gonna kill you , you fuck - - ing bitch ! -- no ! he stand up and put he foot on leatherface 's face and yank the chainsaw out . he strap the chainsaw over he shoulder , and drag leatherface out of the cellar . 65 int . meat cutting room - night like a butcher shop almost , but much , much worse . he drag leatherface into the back of the place , and pull he up on a cut table . vilmer take he jacket off , and roll up he sleeve . ext . TEXAS backwood - night finch be lose , she run everywhich direction but the right one , either she 's lose -- or she 's trap . her hand be a bloody mess from the burn . int . meat cutting room - night leatherface be completely stripped , with a towel over he lower area , while vilmer begin to cut off he skin . he walk around to where he foot be , spread they , and stick he head under the sheet with a scalpel in hand . we hear he cut -- then almost like the sound of a gunshot -- all of the skin on leatherface naked body snap loose . vilmer come up from under the sheet , with a bloody scalpel in hand , and blood all over he face . vilmer it 's a shame they do not tell you what that little piece of skin be , between you testicles , and you asshole -- it 's really quite interesting . y'just -- slice -- boom ! skin pop loose faster than you can screw a looseiana whore . we CUT to a picture of hand stitching skin together we CUT to : 66 int . leatherface's house ( bedroom ) - night vilmer , in boxer and a t-shirt , put on leatherface 's skin . then we fade to : vilmer in the bedroom still , now he have all of leatherface skin on , accept for leatherface 's facial skin -- and be wear leatherface 's black leather pants , and a white shirt -- straighten the black tie to match . he grab the long leather coat , and put it on . then he walk over to the closet , and open it . there before we , be a huge selection of different leather -skin mask . he pick one : the mask itself be crude , as if the face , in which it originate from , have tattoo all over it . he walk back over to the mirror and put it on . he harness he shotgun over he shoulder and hold the chainsaw tight and firm in he hand . he leave we in a empty bedroom . int . leatherface's house ( kitchen ) - night vilmer walk into the kitchen , and lift open the trap door -- unseen by we , and he walk down into the underground area . int . underground area - night vilmer yank the cord , and the chainsaw buzze to life . vilmer sister shelly ? be you home ? shelly ( os ) ed? vilmer ? who be that ? 67 vilmer it 's you favorite brother ! shelly ( os ) what be you do wear Ed 's stuff , he will kill you if he find out . vilmer advance into the darkness . vilmer sound sick and dement throughout . vilmer oh , thats not very likely . shelly why ? vilmer because you uncle eddy be tearin ' ass up there with that big chainsaw in the sky -- baby . and finally , you -- you fuckin ' veggie lover -- be go to get you just dessert . he raise the chainsaw , and start to grind away at the figure in the darkness . we hear Bones shriek . the sister be hold Bones in front of she . as a shield . vilmer see Bones , and start to shake with sheer burst anger . shelly sorry about that Bones . vilmer you bitch ! he raise the chainsaw above she and revs it up . 68 shelly kneel down in front of it , stick out she chest . shelly go ahead ! do it vilmer ! or have you forget the whole reason you keep I down here ! because I want to die -- go ahead , you go to give I what I want for the past ten year . vilmer put the chainsaw down . vilmer ... okay -- vilmer raise the chainsaw up , and cut she up , painting the underground area a crimson red . he take the chainsaw out of she gut , and exit the frame . CUT to : ext . TEXAS backwood - night vilmer , in he leatherface mask , slide on some high - tech look goggle . they look somewhat like night-vision goggle . ext . TEXAS backwood ( near finch ) - night finch decide to lay down by a tree trunk , catch she breath . she reach in she shirt pocket for a cigarette , and pull out a beat up -- twisted around cigarette , and she light it , with she lighter . she take a drag and exhales -- shuttering she eye with a great sense of satisfaction . then , a snap of a branch in the b.g. of darkness . footstep . come closer . she look around , intent , and now frighten . 69 the footstep come closer , louder , and break more fall limb , and crush more leave . she breathes heavily , in and out -- see she breath from the night 's cool crisp autumn air . vilmer' Pov night - vision , he can see she perfectly , a few foot away . she 's look in every which direction , include he , but not see he , because it be so dark . -- vilmer look around the wood , light like daylight , almost . and he could see , the victim of the past swinging in the cool front wind . he sneak up to she , and put he hand out in front of she wave it in front of she . she not budging . he rub he hand across she cheek -- she jump . vilmer Leslie ? Leslie finch ? be you out there ? be you breathe in the dark ? be you ... scared ? you want to fuck I finch ? ... maybe suck my cock ? finch look around -- can not see vilmer anywhere -- only hear he . vilmer I seeee yoooou . I seeee you , you fuck whore . you think I would let you live ? you kill my fuck mother ! finch lay still , curl up in a ball , hope he wont see she try to be as silent as she can . we hear the SOUND of a chainsaw in the b.g. , buzzing away . finch get up and run deeper into the wood -- they way she come . as she run into the chainsaw -- hang on a tree , buzzing away . 70 she , like any other horror movie heroin , walk over to the bad thing . and when she do , vilmer jump out from nowhere , spring onto she like a wild coyote . he attempt to grab the chainsaw from the tree , but finch be bite he other arm and cause he to stop . she get free , and start to run -- I mean fast , fast . as hard as she could , away from vilmer . but , what she do not see be a cord -- a trip wire in front of she because of the darkness , and she trip it . a rope catch she foot and drag she across the wood , and right into a mesh hold wooden stick , with shave edge to make spike . the rope drag she leg directly into the two plate of spike which mash in on she leg -- trapping she . she scream in pain . vilmer walk up at a comfortable pace . vilmer you death be my sanctuary . you peace be my hell . and if you live hell grow through the straight and narrow -- then my friend , you will die in my blood - - stain hand on this moonlit morn . fade to black over the darkness , we hear everything from now on . the chainsaw , revin ' up . the chainsaw cutting through something , her she scream the buz get louder and louder 71 more high pitch female scream the buz be very loud now . she almost moan -- then try to scream she be out of breath , almost the saw be ripping through her , you can hear it . she let out a weak scream -- and another , but the last sound do not sound like a scream at all , but a blood -soak gargle . vilmer ( whisper over chainsaw ) I be gonna fuck you up real good , woman . I will make you clean real clean -- real real clean ! can you feel I ? can you feel I inside of you ? this be what you deserve , and I be give it to you . ( breathe heavily ) do you feel it , I be fuck you up real good , oh yeah ! you bitch ! over vilmer dialogue we can still hear the chainsaw , and she try to scream . vilmer ( breathe heavily ) shut the fuck up ! you deserve this , you fuck whore -- hold still godammit ! yeah ! yeah ! yeah ! fuck you ? fuck I ! yeah ! -- oh-ho-ho-ha-ha ( relax ) oh yeah , I fuck you up real good . the chainsaw roar at it loudest . CUT to : credit sequence : 72 we OPEN with the credit , show picture of the cast , with they name beside they , play kiss be : sure know somthin ' then we roll the credit , with kiss be : hard luck woman . real soulution : a Texas chainsaw massacre the end . start : august 7 , 1997 ended : august , 14 1997 copyright ( c ) 1997 , joshua Neal Al rights reserve . no part of this book may be use or reproduce in any manner whatsoever without the write permission of the author . Library of Congress catalogge -in-publication data Neal , joshua Real solution : Texas chainsaw massacre V : a screenplay / by joshua Neal P. cm. isbn:0-7869-8103-1 1 . Real solution : a Texas chainsaw massacre ( motion picture ) i. title . pn1999.p82r45 1997 791.45'72--dc20 94-38416 cip first edition 10 8 9 7