thank you for smoke screenplay by Jason reitman from the novel by Christopher Buckley 7/9/2004 room 9 entertainment 10635 Santa monica Blvd. , suite 320 Los Angeles , ca. 90025 ( 310 ) 475-3700 int . the oprah winfrey show set - day Oprah Winfrey , a woman who call no one boss , stand before she audience . not just the hundred or so people that have wait in line to sit in she presence . moreover , the million of people who will devour each and every word that leave she lip as soon as the red light atop studio camera a turn on . sound daunt . you and I could not do it in a million year . this , however , be what she be bear to do . the red light burst on and without flinching , she say ... oprah a couple year ago , rjr nabisco , the company that make camel cigarettes , be force by a Supreme Court injunction to discontinue the use of the character know as Joe camel , due to its clear connection with teen smoking . however , many now feel that this be not enough . the question we continue to face be ' what will it take to get kid off cigarettes ? 's a logo with the last sentence appear on screen . we move across the panelist as Oprah introduce they , in between burst of applause . oprah I want to introduce you to Sue maclean head of the National Organization of mother against smoke . ( applause ) Francis gyverson be the executive director of the National teacher 's Association in Washington . ( applause ) ron Goode be a aide to Senator finisterre of vermont who be lead the political battle on cigarettes . ( to ron ) do that make you a colonel ? ron just a foot soldier , Oprah . more applause . Oprah stop at a fifteen year old boy name robin , whose bald head be obviously not a fashion statement . oprah Robin williger be a fifteen year old freshman from racine , Wisconsin . he like study history and he 's on the debate team . Robin 's future look bright , however recently , he be diagnose with Cancer . a very tough kind of Cancer . Robin tell I he have quit smoking though and no longer think cigarettes be cool . thunderous applause . Oprah stop in front of nick naylor ... we hero . silence . oprah Nick naylor be the vice President of the Academy of tobacco Studies . they be the tobacco industry 's main lobby in Washington , DC and Mr. naylor be they chief spokesman . ( to Nick ) thank you for come Nick . nick ( v.0 . ) few people on this planet know what it be to be truly despise . the scene freeze as we switch to Nick 's Pov of the crowd . this be a very angry bunch of people . as we pass the frozen crowd , we see people : mid-scream , mid-spit , mid-gesture . nick ( v.0 . ) can you blame they ? I earn a live front a organization that kill one thousand two hundred human being a day . twelve hundre people . we be talk two jumbo jet planeload a day of man , woman , and child . I mean there 's caesar , Alexander the great , and I ... flash image ( under previous dialogue ) : 1 . caesar in the coliseum 2 . alexander the great , tromping over the carcase of he enemy 3 . nick naylor , hold out a light with a smile , frame by the american flag . nick ( v.0 . ) ... Nick naylor . the face of cigarettes . the Colonel Sanders of nicotine . CUT to : ext . academy of tobacco study - day a collegiate style brick building with no distinct feature , feature a yellow sign : the academy of tobacco study nick ( v.0 . ) this be where I work . the Academy of tobacco Studies . it be establish by seven gentleman you may recognize from C - span ... flash image : the seven tobacco ceo 's testify in Congress . nick ( v.0 . ) this guy realize quick , if they be go to claim that cigarettes be not addictive , they better have proof ... int . lab - academy of tobacco study - day erhardt von gruppen-mundt , a older scientist who '' escape '' from Germany . his lapel read '' scientist - in- residence '' . he signal a lab tech who press a button on a machine link to a glass cage of mouse . immediately , it fill with smoke . nick ( v.0 . ) this be the man they rely on , erhardt von gruppen - mundt . they find he in Germany . I will not go into the detail . he 's be testing the link between nicotine and lung cancer for thirty year and have not find any conclusive result . the man be a genius . he could disprove gravity . int . law library - academy of tobacco study - day twenty killer lawyer sit around a conference table , devour law book and journal . nick ( v.0 . ) then , we have get we shark . we draft they out of ivy League law school and give they sport car and time share . it 's just like a John grisham novel without all the espionage . int . public relation - academy of tobacco study - day a mix of red and yellow wood panele make the place actually look like a cigarette carton . nick ( v.0 . ) most importantly , we have get spin control . that 's where I come in . I get pay to talk . I do not have a md or a law degree . I have get a bachelor in kick ass and take name . int . PRESS conference - day Nick 's head turn towards we in slo -mo . as he mouth open to speak , we ramp into super -speed , send he mouth to 100 wps ( word per second ) . Nick expel syllable like bullet to the sound of a m - 16 empty a full clip . nick ( v.0 . ) you know that guy who can pick up any girl ? ext . baseball diamond - day Nick be at the plate in roll up sleeve and a tie . he click the bat against he loafer . there 's the pitch . he swing , connect , home run . nick ( v.0 . ) I be he on crack . back to : int . oprah winfrey show SOUND stage - day oprah who have like to start ? Nick raise he hand , bring uncertainty to he fellow panelist and Oprah alike . nick be it all right if I smoke ? gasp all around . oprah you want to smoke ? nick well , it 's traditional at fire squad to offer the condemn a last cigarette . silence ... then a laugh ... then a few more laugh ... even Oprah begin to chuckle . pretty soon the whole audience be laugh . sue I be sorry , but I do not think that 's funny . ron I have to agree . I do not see the humor in it . and I suspect Robin williger do not either . whip to Robin for reaction ... but Cancer kid be laugh . Nick be beside himself . he smile as if he just become a father . Nick look back to Mr. ron Goode with renew confidence . Nick attack . nick ( to ron ) oh , why do not you leave he alone and stop try to tell he how he ought to feel . ( to Oprah ) this be typical of the attitude of the federal government . it 's this same attitude that bring we prohibition Vietnam , and fifty year of live on the brink of nuclear destruction . ( point to ron ) but for a member of the government to come on this show and lecture about cancer , when the same government for the last sixty year have be produce atomic bomb , twenty - five thousand of they , capable of give every man , woman , and child on this planet cancer so awful , so ghastly , so untreatable , that medical science do not even have a name for they yet , be just beneath contempt . ron beneath contempt ? this from the man whose paycheck be sign by big tobacco . ( more ) ron ( cont 'd ) this from the man who will profit off Robin williger 's death . nick Oprah , how on earth would '' Big tobacco '' profit off of the loss of this young man ? I hate to think in such callous term , but if anything we have be lose a customer . it 's not only we hope but it 's in we best interest to keep Robin alive and smoking . ron that 's ludicrous ! nick let I tell you something Oprah , and let I share something with the fine , concerned people in the audience today . the ron Goode 's of this world want the Robin williger to die . ron what ?! nick ( hold Robin 's shoulder ) awful , but true . I be sorry , but it 's a fact . and do you know why ? I ’1l1 tell you why . so that they budget will go up . this be nothing less than trafficking in human misery , and you , sir , ought to be ashamed of yourself . ( back to audience ) of course the Academy do not condone underage smoking , or drink and drive for that matter , for the simple reason that they be against the law . ( time for the ammo ) as a matter of fact , we be about to launch ... a fifty - million - dollar campaign aim at persuade kid not to smoke . oprah and with that , we 'il take a short break . hang on , they 's much more to come . technician and we be out ! CUT to : ext . oprah winfrey theatre - chicago - day Nick step out of a backstage door onto the sidewalk and into a wait limousine , while answer he ringing cell phone in one movement . int . limousine - same Nick be swallow by the plush black leather nick ( answer phone ) yes ? continue intercut with : int . br 's office - academy of tobacco study - day br , Nick 's boss and a real shit kicker , fume into the receiver br ( 0.s. ) fifty million dollar ... be you out of you fuck mind ?! nick ( v.0 . ) everyone have a boss ... br just happen to be mine . flash to : int . squash court - day nick ( v.0 . ) he come from the vend machine world . this make he tough . br enter the court and begin to hit the ball . he be a tall man with strong feature in he forty . stain headband . nick ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the name , br , come from he tour in Vietnam . the five people who know it 's meaning be all dead . br be at full speed . he slam he opponent into the wall . back to : int . br 's office - academy of tobacco study - continued br the deal be five million . nick five million dollar will buy you a couple subway poster . it 's not go to impress anyone . br that 's the idea , Nick nick you x11 be thanking I soon . this will probably get you great press . br I get to call the Captain and see if this be go to fly . get you ass back to DC . ext . o'hare airport - day a boeing 767 take flight . int . boeing 767 - day we hover over first CLASS , but Nick be not there . nick ( v.0 . ) could I afford to sit in first ? still hover over the cabin we begin to move towards the tail of the plane . nick ( v.0 . ) of course I could . we cross into business CLASS . nick ( v.0 . ) Business class ? Hell , I could just bump up . I have get enough frequent flyer mile to ride in the cockpit . we cross into coach . nick ( v.0 . ) I like to ride with the people . we stop on the worst seat in the plane . Center seat . five row from the back . Nick be cramme in between a college baseball team in uniform . nick ( v.0 . ) know you client . my people cram themselves into a tiny seat , take a xanax and dream of the moment they can stuff they face with fresh tobacco . the team start toss around a ball . Nick be unfaze . nick ( v.0 . ) if I can convince just one of this kid to pick up smoking , I have pay for my flight round trip . Nick greet the kid next to he . CUT to : int . bertas restaurant - day Dark . especially the corner that Nick 's table occupy . Nick be seat with he close friend . the only people who understand . bobby jay bliss , a larger than life gun advocate from loober , Mississippi and polly bailey , a attractive alcohol lobbyist with a quick tongue . nick ( v.0 . ) once a week , we ’1ll meet here at bert 's . together , we represent the chief spokespeople for the tobacco , alcohol , and firearm industry . we call ourselves the mod squad . m-o- D. merchant of death . Bobby jay into he cell phone . bobby jay ( on phone ) perfect . Bobby jay hang up . polly perfect , what could be perfect ? nick do they legalize grenade launcher for hunt ? 10 . bobby jay yesterday , we have another disgruntled postman . halfway through Sunday mass , he blast the minister clear out of the pulpit , and then train wither fire on the choir . he 's on the run . State wide man hunt . freeze on Bobby jay as he take a big bite of he batter fry shrimp . nick ( v.0 . ) Bobby jay work for safety . the Society for the advancement of firearm and effective train of youth . formerly the National right to bear arm Committee . flash image : Bobby jay 's headshot , stand with the safety seal and a american flag , in camouflage , hold a rifle . nick ( v.0 . ) follow the Kent State shooting , Bobby jay , then seventeen , sign up for the National Guard , so that he too could shoot college student ... ... but the National Guard recruiter be out to lunch so Bobby jay join the army and end up shoot vietnamese instead ... flash image : Bobby jay step out of the jungle in full camo , shoulder a m- 60 . nick ... which be almost as good as college student , only they shot back . Bobby jay take a shot in the arm . he look confuse . back to : int . bertas restaurant - day nick assault rifle ? bobby jay probably , but , this day everything be consider a assault rifle . Hell , my nephew 's bb gun be a '' assault rifle '' . 11 . polly ( somber ) it be a very unspecific world . bobby jay of course , within the hour , I get the Washington Post call I on the phone . godless swine ! I say to they , when a plane crash on account of pilot error do you blame the boe Corporation ? nick that 's good . bobby jay when some booze- besotten drunk go and run someone down , do you go bang on the door of General Motors ? polly tell I you do not say that . freeze on polly nick ( v.0 . ) polly work for the moderation Council , formerly the National Association for alcoholic beverage . flash image - polly 's headshot show she surround by man in bad suit , each point various bottle of alcohol at she . nick ( v.0 . ) the liquor industry have be use woman to sell its product since time begin ... flash image - really sexist beer ad : Larry flynt would blush . nick ( v.0 . ) ... only recently however do they hire a woman like polly to pitch public policy ... flash image - polly at a press conference . nick ( v.0 . ) the sight of she challenging the latest government report on alcohol - related car crash make you want to ... well , grab a beer . 12. polly brushes hair back over she shoulder as we go ... back to : int . bert 's restaurant - continued Nick ext . Nick int . Nick nick ( turn to polly ) how do you day stack up ? polly the Michigan State Supreme Court rule that sobriety roadblock be unconstitutional . nick Party down . bobby jay you know you can beat a breathalyzer by suck on activate charcoal tablet . polly well perhaps we should change we campaign to '' if you must drink and drive , suck charcoal . '' nick do not the police wonder why you be suck on charcoal . bobby jay there 's no law against charcoal . all three yet ! look at he watch and stand immediately . nick get to go . saint euthanasius middle school - day come screeching up in he BMW 540 . school hallway - day sit on a short school bench with a large unmarked cardboard BOX . a teacher open a door and stick she head out . 13 . teacher Mr. naylor , it 's time . Nick stand and fix he tie . teacher ( cont ’d ) joey be such a bright young man . we all look forward to he come out of he shell a little . he 's a bit shy . nick he get that from he mother . the teacher let out a little '' oh '' . int . classroom - day a banner hang across the chalkboard read : '' what do you do ? '' Nick enter the classroom and smile to he son , joey ( 12 ) , who try to smile back , but come across , well ... terrify . Nick set he cardboard box down on the teacher 's desk and slice it open with a pair of black handle school scissors . he then proceed down the aisle with he box , hand each student ... a joe camel plush toy . nick here you go ... one each ... enjoy ... the teacher 's jaw drop . Nick get to he son 's desk . joey ( whisper ) please do not ruin my childhood . Nick nod reassuringly , then proceed to the next desk . after finish the class , Nick return to the front and drop the box . he take in a breath , try to swallow all the oxygen in the room . then he begin : nick how many of you want to be lawyer when you grow up ? one hand . a real prick of a kid . nick how about movie star ? almost every hand in the room go up . 14 . nick how about lobbyist ? kid 1 what 's that ? nick it 's kind of like be in the movie . it 's what I do . I talk for a live . kid 2 what do you talk about ? nick I speak on behalf of cigarettes . gasp around the room . joey look around in grow fear kid 3 my mom use to smoke . she say that cigarettes kill . nick ( to kid 3 ) really ? be you mom a doctor ? kid 3 no. nick ( to kid 3 ) a scientific researcher of some kind ? kid 3 no. nick well , she do not exactly sound like a credible expert now do she ? kid 3 sink in he seat . nick do not feel bad . it 's okay to listen to you mom . ( winking at joey ) I mean , it 's good to listen to you parent . ( to the class ) ( more ) 15 . nick ( cont 'd ) all I be suggest be that there will always be people try to tell you what to do and what to think . there probably already be people do that . be I right ? nod across the classroom . the teacher be a little skittish . nick ( cont ’d ) I be here to say that when someone try to act like some sort of expert , you can respond , '' who say ? '' kid 4 so cigarettes be good for you ? teacher ( quickly ) no ... nick no , that 's not what I be get at . my point be you have to think for yourself . ( bang a desk ) challenge authority ! a couple kid gasp . nick ( cont ’d ) if you parent tell you that chocolate be dangerous , would you just take they word for it ? the whole CLASS noooo . nick exactly . so , perhaps instead of act like sheep , when it come to cigarettes , you should find out for yourself . teacher ( step in front of Nick ) okay , then ... thank you Mr. naylor for join we ... joey and he dad meet eye . Nick give a little , '' how have I do ? '' motion . joey look back and sigh . ext . parking lot , joey 's school - day Nick and joey approach the BMW . joey be not pleased . 16 . joey do not mom tell you not to come ? nick be you kid ? I would not miss this for the world . joey sure . any opportunity to embarrass I . nick I think some kid in the back like it . joey that be the kid who steal my lunch money . nick come on , joey . I only get to see you once a month . let 's try to enjoy ourselves . CUT to : int . dine room - nick 's apartment - night Nick and joey sit at opposite end of the dine room table do they respective homework . Nick be highlighting line from various brief . joey be try to write a essay . pencil on paper . joey stop for a moment . he look up at he father . joey dad , why be american government , the best government ? nick ( without look ) because of we endless appeal system . joey go back to write . Nick suddenly look up and realize what he 's do . nick joey , you be not write what I just say , be you ? joey nod yes . 17 . nick stop for a second . joey drop he pencil . nick what be the subject of you essay ? joey why be the american government the best government in the world ? nick you teacher craft that question ? joey yeah . why ? nick well , for the moment , I x11 look past the obvious problem in syntax and focus more on the core of the question . joey roll he eye . he 's hear this before . nick ( cont 'd ) I mean , A. do America have the best government ? and B. what constitute a best government ? crime ? Poverty ? literacy ? in America ? definitely not best . perhaps not even better than most ( however ) we do have a very entertaining government . joey dad ? nick sorry . ( back to be a father ) joey , be you familiar with the term , b.s . ? joey ( matter of fact ) bullshit ? nick yes. exactly . b.s. , if I may , be what question like the one you teacher pose be make for . ( more ) 18 . nick ( cont 'd ) even if America have the best government , there have be no way to prove it in ... how many page be you write ? joey two page . nick definitely not in two page . joey so what be I suppose to write ? nick whatever you want . joey ( elaborate ) okay ? nick write about America 's amazing ability to make profit by break down trading tariff and bring american job to third world country or how good we be at execute felon . they be all correct answer . joey I can do that ? nick oh joey , that 's the beauty of argument . if you argue correctly , you be never wrong . a whole new world open in joey 's eye . Nick go back to he work . joey dad , if I finish the essay within a hour , can we stay up all night ? nick ( without look up ) that 's a negotiation , not a argument . int . nick 's apartment - later that night Nick intently watch the sand of iwo jima . joey have already fall asleep next to he . 19 . on tv - John Wayne , have bring he man through hell to victory , give they the post game speech . JOHN wayne ... I never feel so good in my life . how about a cigarette ? just as he 's offer the pack around to he man , a japanese sniper drill he , dead . without realize it , Nick take out a cigarette pack . he reach for a smoke , but the pack be empty . Nick look back at John Wayne , then back at he cigarette pack . Nick smile . he 's get something . ext . beautiful suburban cottage - monday morning Nick pull up to the curb in front of the house . nick ( v.0 . ) this be the first house I ever buy . Nick and joey walk up to the door . it open , revealing Nick 's ex- wife jill . joey scurries past he mother into the house . jill you still own a watch , do not you Nick ? Nick wait for the end of this insult . jill eight 0 's clock be when the little hand be point directly at eight . nick Jill , I can not help feel that joey be get the wrong idea about he father . it would be great if I could spend a little more time with he . you know , to give he a fair and balanced perspective . jill Nick , you have plenty of time to be he father . now you be he weekend guardian . nick he still need a father . on cue , brad step through the door between they . Brad be Nick 's taller and broad replacement . he 's a md , and he 's wear the white coat and badge to prove it . 20 . brad Nick , you get a second ? nick sure , Brad . Brad walk Nick back to he car . brad Nick , you job and everything aside , I hope you understand that second hand smoke be a real killer . nick what be you talk about ? brad I just hope you keep joey in a smoke free environment . that 's all I be say . nick Brad , I be he father . you be the guy fuck he mom . Nick get into he car . brad that 's just unnecessary . CUT to : c-span a press conference be happen at the lung association . the man at the podium be senator finistirre and by the chyron along the bottom of the screen , we can see he be a ( D ) from vermont . the man have villain write all over he . he could star in the video , '' when liberal attack ! '' finistirre tobacco be win the war . the war on we child . they like to use symbol and cartoon to get we kid hook . well , we have a symbol of we own ... on tv : finistirre pull back a curtain , revealing a skull and crossbone . 21 . finistirre it be my hope that by the end of the year , all cigarette package sell in the United States will carry this emblem . perhaps then cigarettes will finally be label appropriately - as poison . I will be hold a congressional hearing to discuss the inclusion of the skull and crossbone in two week time . as usual , I send a open invitation to Big tobacco to come and join we . perhaps , this time they will grace we with they presence and they answer . flashbulb . commotion . we pop out of the screen to reveal we be in ... int . conference room - academy of tobacco study - day the spin Control team sit around the long oval table . somewhere in the middle sit Nick . his eyelid drop to half mast in reaction to the video . nick ( v.0 . ) prick . br freeze the monitor on finistirre 's clammy face . he then grab the top of the conference table with he open palm . the fifteen or so people in suit prepare for a beat . br people . what be go on out there ? I look down this table , and all I see be white flag . we number be down all across the board . Teen smoking , we bread and butter , be fall like a shit from heaven . we do not sell tic-tacs for Christ 's sake . we sell cigarettes . and they be cool , and available , and addictive . the job be almost do for we . ( point back to finistirre 's freeze face ) this '' environmentalist '' ... as br say this , the word '' pussy '' appear below as a translation . br be challenging we . we have to have a answer . ( more ) 22 . br ( cont 'd ) I be ask you - when this cocksucker put Captain hook on we product , what be we go to do ? nick br ? br yeah , Nick ? nick if I may ? br give the look of by all mean , impress I . Nick stand and begin to circle the large table . nick in 1910 the US be produce ten billion cigarettes a year . by 1930 , we be up to one hundred twenty three billion . what happen in between ? blank stare all around . nick Three thing . a World war. dieting . and movie . br movie ? nick 1927 . talk picture be bear . suddenly director need to give they actor something to do when they be talk . cary grant and carole lombard be lighting up . bette Davis - a chimney . and bogart ! remember the first picture with he and lauren bacall ? br not specifically . nick ( imitate bacall ) she sort of shimmy in through the doorway , nineteen year old , pure sex . she say , '' anybody get a match ? '' ( back to be Nick ) and bogie throw the match at she ... 23 . Nick toss a book of match to a attractive young lobbyist . nick ... and she catch they . greatest romance of the century and how do it start ? lighting a cigarette . ( switch gear ) this day when someone smoke in a movie , they be either a psychopath or ... ( even worse ) european . Nick go in for the kill . nick the message Hollywood need to send out be , smoke be cool . we need the cast of will & Grace smoking in they live room . forrest gump puffing away between he box of chocolate . Hugh grant earning back the love of Julia Roberts by buy she favorite brand ... she Virginia slim . most of the actor smoke already . if they start do it on screen , we can put the sex back into cigarettes . Nick feel like take a bow , but he ’1ll settle for a seat . br well , it 's a think . I be hope for something a little more inspiring , but at least you be think . people , slam you fuck brain against you desk until something useful come out . br stand and the meeting be over . as people leave , br motion to Nick br nod . br Nick , you have be summon . the Captain want to see you . nick he see Oprah ? nick what do he think ? 24 . br get you ass on the next flight to Winston - Salem . CUT to : in -flight safety video a animation of a 757 zoom by computer cloud . comforting female anncr ( v.o. ) thank you for review the safety feature of this boe 757 . still in video , we cut into the cabin , where we find ... Nick comforting female anncr ( v.o. ) if the cabin begin to fill with smoke , oxygen mask will drop from above . yellow oxygen mask drop from overhead . comforting female anncr ( v.o. ) place the mask over you head and fasten it with the outside strap . still in video , Nick place the mask over he head . comforting female anncr ( v.o. ) do not be alarmed by the presence of smoke in the cabin . Truth be tell , all study show the harm of smoke inhalation be pure conjecture . Nick look up in confusion . slam CUT to : int . boeing 757 - coach - night Nick twitches awake from what be apparently a dream . he sip he v8 and return to some read . nick ( v.0 . ) the Captain be one of the last great man of tobacco . the man be a legend . he introduce filter when cigarettes first get slam by reader 's digest . 25 . int . hallway , best western - winston - salem - morning we push down a long curve hallway with bad carpet . nick ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the Captain later found the Academy of tobacco Studies . although I have never meet he , I guess you could say he 's the father I never know . one door open . Nick step out in sweat and pick up the local newspaper , the Winston - Salem Journal , at he foot . the cover read : our hero ; tobacco spokesman Nick naylor let government have it Nick smile . nick ( v.0 . ) you get to love Winston - Salem . int . tobacco club , winston - salem - day one word : mahogany . you typical man 's club , only wall - to - wall poster of classic cigarette advertisement and a constant six foot smog layer from smoke exhalation . Nick be examine one of the old poster . host Mr. naylor ? Nick turn around . host the Captain will see you now . int . MAIN dine room - the tobacco club - same Nick follow the host through the smoke fill room of man . 26 . nick ( v.0 . ) the Club be found by the tobacco baron in 1890 , so they would have a place to get away from they wife . in Winston - Salem , feminism be the practice of not beat you spouse unless she really deserve it . the host lead Nick to a table . seat at which be a man that could only be describe as Colonel Sanders . this be the captain . captain Nick , my boy . just in time for mud . Nick sit down as a waiter arrive with mint julep . both take sip and '' aaah '' . captain do you know the secret to a really good julep ? crush the mint down onto the ice with you thumb and grind it in . release the menthol . ( demonstrate ) do you know who teach I that ? Nick shrug '' no '' captain fidel castro . the Captain take another sip . captain Nick , do you remember nineteen - fifty - two ? nick Sir , I be not alive in nineteen - fifty -two . captain good Lord . I be in Korea shoot chinese in nineteen - fifty - two . nick ( not a question ) really . captain today , they be we best customer ( chuckle ) ( more ) 27 . captain ( cont 'd ) next time , we will not have to shoot so many of ’em , will we ? the waiter appear with another round of julep . captain nineteen - fifty - two be the year reader digest nail we with the whole health ... aspect . as churchill say , that be perhaps the end of we beginning . the Captain take a long sip . captain do you enjoy you current work , Nick ? nick yes , it 's challenging . if you can do tobacco , you can do anything . captain you kind of struggle before this . nick yes , briefly . captain it 's one of the reason we hire you . Nick look up in disbelief ( '' really ? '' ) . captain nothing push a man harder than the need to rewrite he own obituary . Nick ponder this as he sip he mint julip . captain you know Nick , you remind I just a little bit of myself when I be you age . nick thank you sir . captain tell I , what be you opinion of br ? nick br be ... my boss . 28 . captain I like to think that I be you boss , son . but I do admire loyalty in a man . I can forgive almost anything in a man if he 's loyal . like that Oprah show you do . you could have give up , cry and apologize , but you stay loyal . and you give it to that son’v 'a bitch good . nick thank you sir . captain br 's come under the idea that we should start bribe Producers in Hollywood to make they actor smoke on screen . it take every part of Nick 's strength to not verbally dismantle br right there and then . nick say , that 's a great idea . captain smart man , that br . nick oh yeah , and loyal . CUT to : ext . the US capital build - day there she stand , one of the most powerful structure in the world . think how many law be be break inside right now . CUT to : senator finistirre 's door : senator finistirre ( D ) vermont as we push in , we begin to hear a conversation from inside ... finistirre ( 0.s. ) ron , have a seat ... int . senator finistirre 's office - day as you imagine : oak desk , US and vermont flag , assort document on the wall , a picture of mccarthy ( not really ) . 29 . Senator finistirre be interrogate a very sweaty ron Goode . finistirre you see ron , I can not be everywhere I be need . that 's why I send people like you to speak on my behalf . when you be there , you be not ron Goode , the guy you friend may like . you be Senator finistirre 's aide and you name really do not matter . so when ron Goode be a complete asshole on the Oprah Winfrey show ... I be be a asshole on the Oprah Winfrey show . ron Senator , sir , he just spring on I like a animal . I could not get a word in . finistirre where the hell do you find cancer boy ? ron he be suppose to be very reliable . the lung Association be one of he reference . finistirre ( to himself ) Fucking non-profits . ( back to ron ) when you be look for a cancer kid , he should be hopeless . he should have a wheelchair . he should have trouble speak . he should have a pet goldfish that he carry around in a little ziplock bag . hopeless . he should not have a sense of humor . ron I apologize Senator . but if it be not for Nick naylor ... finistirre Nick naylor ? do not even think of use that as a excuse . the man shill bullshit for a live . you work for a fuck Senator . a Senator who be suppose to be tough on tobacco . have a little pride . ( think of something ) come here . 30 . ron I be sorry ? finistirre come here . ron stand up and step up to the desk . finistirre grab ron 's tie with one hand , then with the other grab a sharpie off he desk and proceed to write something on ron 's forehead . when ron finally lean back and reveal , write above he eye be the word '' asshole '' . finistirre get out of my office . ( additional think ) and when you look in the mirror , do not forget to read it backwards . CUT to : int . the captain 's limo - day Nick and the Captain sit across from each other captain a President once say ' the torch be pass to a new generation . 's he be talk about my generation . now it 's come the time to pass it to you . you ready for the torch , Nick ? nick the torch ? captain it will not be easy . it 's a hostile world . ( almost to himself ) sometimes I feel like a columbian drug Dealer . the other day , my own granddaughter , flesh of flesh of my own loin , ask I ' granddaddy , be it true cigarettes be bad for you ? 's ( back to Nick ) we get to do something , Nick . I think you be we man . nick thank you . 31 . captain I want you to work on this Hollywood project . get out there within the next couple week , stir something up . nick ( hesitant ) Sir , about the fifty million dollar ... captain oh , in anti-teen smoking advertising ? ( chuckle ) well , shit , I sure hope it 's not too persuasive . ext . winston - salem airport - day the Captain 's limo pull into a private gate and stop in front of a gulfstream 5 . Nick get out of the limo . captain Nick , you be family now . tobacco take care of its own . and with that , the Captain slip back into he limo . int . gulfstream 5 - same Nick climb aboard and be shocked by the lavish interior . he melt down into a seat of creamy brown leather . a Sports illustrate swimsuit issue- quality stewardess approach Nick from the back of the cabin , then bend down to he , give Nick a unavoidable peek into the world that life beyond she top button . stewardess if there 's anything I can do to make you flight more pleasant , you be sure to let I know , now . fade out . fade in : ext . academy of tobacco study - following morning 32 . int . nick 's office - academy of tobacco study - day Nick take a seat at he desk as gizelle , he assistant follow with he '' while you be out '' . gizelle ( hand over message ) you have get a lot of new fan . Nick begin to go through the message . nick ( read a couple ) I be go to pour hot tar down you throat , you scumbag ... I own a high - power rifle and could drop a sack of shit like you at 250 yard . ( to gizelle ) Jesus , you write death threat down on message slip ? gizelle everyone from Newsweek to Teen people want to talk to you . Heather holloway from the Post leave five message . oh , and br want to see you . int . br 's office - academy of tobacco study - day as Nick enter , br welcome he with a grunt . br pleasant flight ? nick oh , yeah , you could say that . I come up on the Captain 's plane . quite the way to travel . br I would not know . nick ( digging it in ) oh , you have never be on the plane , with that seat , and the kitchen , and that stewardess . Tiffany . br I have not have the chance yet . 33 . nick ( deeper ) oh , well , you really must try it sometime . it 's the only way to travel . br be quick to stop this . br what do he think of the fifty million dollar anti-smoke campaign ? nick anti-teen smoking campaign . he give I the go ahead . oh , and he love you idea to put cigarettes back into movie . br ( cover up ) that 's you idea . he must have get confuse . nick either way , he be pretty blow away . br right , well , get a ticket to LA . i’1l get you a meeting with Jeff megall . nick ( get up ) who ? br Hollywood super-agent . run the agency , a-c -t . he have the ear of the entertainment business . int . nick 's BMW - day Nick be on the cell phone with he ex-wife , jill . nick it 's not a vacation . it 's a learn experience . California be one of the fastest grow state . it have the large number of electoral vote in the country . this could be a important trip for joey . intercut with : 34 . int . jill 's kitchen - day Jill be on the phone , while joey do he homework at the kitchen table , pretend not to listen . jill do not smooth talk I . you be not go to take he sight - see . you 'il probably bring he to some lung cancer symposium where a guy with a electronic voice box will tell he he father be the devil . nick that 's unfair . jill unfair ? what about Virginia ? nick what about Virginia ? jill you take he to a cigarette factory . nick it be a tobacco farm . hardly the same thing . jill this conversation be over . Jill hang up . Nick close the cell phone against he chest . nick fuck . CUT to : int . bert 's restaurant - day the mod squad be at they usual table . polly so , my day be ruin . dateline be do a segment on fetal alcohol syndrome next Thursday . nick that 's a tough one . 35 . polly we be go to get cream . do you have any idea for I ? nick I do not know . deform kid be tough . I be lucky . my product only make they bald before it kill they . bobby jay maybe you could hug the kid . polly they be not go to let I hug the kid . nick who 's do the segment ? Donaldson or sawyer ? polly sawyer , probably . bobby jay you be fuck . polly why ? nick she 's go to hug they . bobby jay look , if you see she go in for a hug , try to box she out and get one in first . polly God , I be really not look forward to this . nick do either of you know anything about this reporter from the Post , Heather holloway ? bobby jay oh yeah . irish type , blond hair , big green eye , great skin . amazing tit . polly tit ? why be tit relevant ? 36 . bobby jay hmm , let 's see . World class tit ona reporter interview a man with privileged information be relevant . polly how about it Nick ? be you a '' tit '' man ? bobby jay do not answer that question . it 's a trap . nick it depend , whose tit ? polly smile . Nick smile back . bobby jay okay , yeah , just do not get screw . nick Bobby , I think I can handle a good - look girl reporter . CUT to : int . IL peccatore restaurant - early evening one word : burgundy . Nick walk right past the reservation desk . when he reach he regular booth , it be already occupy by heather holloway . she stand to greet Nick . Heather be everything you think she have be ... in a great skirt . heather Heather holloway , Washington Post . nick Nick naylor , Big tobacco . Heather place a tape recorder on the table as she sit . heather ( be : tape recorder ) be this kosher ? nick only if I can call you Heather . heather by all mean . so , Mr. naylor ... 37 . nick Nick ... heather ( all business ) Nick , let 's start with ... nick a ' 88 margaux ? heather ( laugh ) okay ... be it good ? nick good ? ( pause for effect ) it will make you believe in God . Heather smile . it 's go to be that type of interview . jump CUT to : later the wine be almost all go and the plate be half empty . nick so what be the focus of you piece ? heather you . nick you want to know how I live with myself ? heather ( smile ) no , I do not imagine that 's a problem . I want to know how you see yourself . nick I be a mediator between two sect of society that be try to reach a accommodation . heather interesting . my other interview have pin you as a mass murderer , profiteer , pimp , bloodsucker , child killer , and my personal favorite , yuppie mephistophele . 38 . nick sound like a balanced article . heather who else should I talk to ? nick fifty -five million american smoker , for starter or perhaps the american tobacco farmer who be constantly be treat like a drug smuggler . heather I actually plan on speak to a tobacco farmer . nick Fine people . Salt of the earth . heather Nick . why do you do this ? what motivate you ? nick you really want to know ? Heather lean in with intrigue . Nick turn off she recorder nick ( cont ’d ) population control . Heather laugh . heather you be bad . they eye meet for a charge beat . Nick relent . nick hey , everyone 's get a mortgage to pay . Nick take a sip of he wine . nick ( v.0 . ) the yuppie Nuremberg Defense . put down the wine . nick ( cont ’d ) I just also happen to have a ex-wife and a son in private school . 39 . Heather turn the recorder on . heather what do you son think of you job ? nick I be sure when he get past the overwhelming gratitude he have for he subsidize life , ( they share a laugh ) I be sure he be proud of I . heather and if you catch he smoking ? nick I would do everything in my power to stop he . heather really ? nick he 's a minor . it 's against the law . heather be a mortgage really much of a life goal ? nick ninety -nine percent of everything that be do in the world , good or bad be do to pay a mortgage . perhaps the world would be a better place if everyone rent . heather why do not you rent ? nick oh , I rent as well . heather really ? nick my son , he mother , and she boyfriend live in my house . I live in my apartment . heather and what do Nick naylor 's apartment look like ? 40 . nick nothing impressive . it would not make the real estate section . heather can I see it ? nick you want to see my apartment ? heather I want to see where the devil sleep . Heather give a smile that stop Nick dead in he track . if we hold one more moment , we have see he say '' check please '' , but instead we ... CUT to : int . bedroom - nick naylor 's apartment - night Wide static shot of the whole room . somewhere in frame , in bed , Nick and Heather be do what could only be describe as ... fuck . however , the sound be faint . subtle headboard knock , light moan and grunt , with just a dash of mattress squeak . do not get I wrong , the sex be passionate . we be just uninvolved . nick ( v.0 . ) I have to admit , woman find my job ... really sexy . jump CUT to : int . kitchen - nick naylor 's apartment - moment later similar shot of the kitchen . static and quiet . at the end of the island , Nick be fuck Heather against the counter . one of she leg be up on the stove while she grab the suspend pan rack for balance . nick ( v.0 . ) it 's kind of this bad boy in a suit thing that get woman hot , or so I be tell . jump CUT to : 41 . int . live room - nick naylor 's apartment - moment later similar shot of the live room . serene . almost boring . Nick be fuck Heather against a large window , look over the Washington DC skyline . nick ( v.0 . ) I be sure she find I charming , but somewhere in the back of she head she 's think - half a million people a year dangerous . int . kitchen - jill naylor residence - next morning Jill and joey eat scramble egg with orange juice . after a beat , joey look to he mom . joey Mom , why can not I go to California ? jill California be just not a safe place , and besides , I be not sure if it 's appropriate for you father to bring you ona business trip . joey appropriate for who ? jill what ? joey Mom , be it possible that you be take the frustration of you fail marriage out on I ? Jill raise a eyebrow . joey I just do not want to become a pawn in you 's and dad 's separation . a situation that be tear up fifty percent of american family and deprive million of child of they right to grow up and explore they world . Jill drop she fork . 42 . joey this California trip seem like a great learn opportunity and a chance for I to get to know my father . but if you think it 's more important to use I to channel you own frustration against the man you no longer love , then I x11 understand . joey go back to he egg . CUT to : ext . jill naylor 's residence - day joey get into a DC cab beside he father . nick how do you convince she ? joey it be a argument , not a negotiation . joey music begins . int . DC cab - day Nick and joey ride to the airport . ext . WASHINGTON memorial - day the DC cab drive by . int . terminal - dulle airport - day Nick and joey walk towards they gate . int . first CLASS - boeing 767 - day Nick and joey play card . int . first CLASS - boeing 767 - later Nick do work in he laptop while joey do homework int . first CLASS - boeing 767 - later the plane land . the passenger applaud . Nick smile at joey who have magic in he eye . 43 . int . baggage claim , lax - day Nick and joey descend a escalator . the first thing they see be a young tan man in a suit and shade hold a sign that read '' nick naylor '' . this be jack . nick ( be : sign ) that 's I . jack Nick ! Jack bein , I be Jeff 's assistant . how be you flight ? who 's with you ? you ever be to LA ? nick great , Jack , this be my son joey . we be go to rent a car . jack you can if you want , but I come here to pick you up . you can do either . whatever you want . it 's up to you . wow . High blood sugar level . int . jack 's BMW 300 series - day Jack drive up sepulveda . Nick and joey ride in the back seat , take in the sun . jack how you feel , Nick ? jet-lagge ? it 's two in DC . try some vitamin B , Jeff swear by it . you want a injection ? nick no thanks . Nick and joey share a look . jack how be it , live in DC . be it all right ? the new guy , be he go to make it ? nick you mean , the President ? jack yeah , he . frankly , Jeff be a little disappointed . Jeff go all out for he . ( more ) 44 . jack ( cont 'd ) introduce he to the right people . Jeff be the one who introduce he to barbra . other people take credit for it , but it be Jeff who make it happen . I should not be tell you that , but I like you , so I be tell you . int . underground valet - act headquarters - day the three wait for a elevator . Jack point out a sculpture . jack it 's a noguchi . it be a office- warming present from Matthew mcconaughey . nick generous gift . jack ( laugh ) yeah , right . ( suddenly serious ) do not get I wrong . Matthew be a tremendously talented individual and a extremely decent human be . however , before Jeff take he on , he be a face . now he 's a name . '' ding '' . the elevator arrive , as if on cue . int . atrium - act headquarters - day Jack walk Nick and joey past a koi pond . jack ( whisper ) that one over there , seven thousand dollar . nick Seven thousand , for a fish ? jack go figure . almost make you want to stop eat sushi , but I guess you kind of have to . ( point to another fish ) that one 's twelve thousand . a gift from Ashley judd . joey do you have any shark ? 45 . jack no , we be very nice here . CUT to : int . reception area - act headquarters - day Jack lead Nick and joey towards the major door of Jeff 's office . jack joey , I be go to bring you dad in now . can I get you anything while you be wait ? Orange juice ? coffee ? Red bull ? int . jeff 's office - act headquarters - day simple . Post modern . the desk be completely clean . nick ( v.0 . ) there be perhaps nothing more powerful and frightening in the corporate world than a clean desk . I be talk nothing . no papers , no pen ... the man do not operate he stapler . he be pure mind power . the giant door close behind Nick and jeff emerge like a magic trick . he be fit , tan , and dress head - to - toe in italian . jeff Nick naylor , Jeff megall . nick great office . jack you know , Jeff basically design the whole thing . the architect just make the drawing . jeff stop it Jack . next you be go to tell Nick what position I play for the bruin . ( to the point ) Mr. naylor be here to find a way to get cigarettes into the hand of someone other than the usual rav 's . 46 . nick rav 's ? jeff Russians , Arabs , and villain . nick oh , well , then I guess yes . that be why I be here . jeff good . I think we can help you . jack Jeff invent product placement . nick I feel I have to ask , be you concerned at all with the health element ? jeff I do not have the answer on that . I be not a doctor . I be just a facilitator . all I do be bring creative people together . what information there be , be out there . people will decide for themselves . I can not make that decision for they . it 's not my role . it would be morally presumptuous . Nick be stunne . they sit . nick ( v.0 . ) I could learn a lot from this man . nick what we need be a smoking role model . a real winner . jeff Indiana Jones meet Jerry Maguire ... nick on two pack a day . jeff but he can not live in contemporary society . 47 . nick why not ? jeff Health issue be too prevalent . people will constantly ask why the character be smoking , when it should go unsaid . what do you think about the future ? nick the future ? jeff yes . after the health thing have blow over . a world where smoker and non - smoker live in perfect harmony . Sony have a futuristic sci-fi picture come up . '' message from sector six '' . it all take place on a space station . they be look hard for any type of investor . nick cigarettes in space ? jeff the final frontier , Nick . nick would not they blow up in a all oxygen environment . jeff easy fix . one line of dialogue . ( pitch ) Brad Pitt and Catherine Zeta - Jones have just finish ravish each other body for the first time . they lay naked , suspend mid air , under the heaven . Pitt light up and begin blow smoke ring around every part of Catherine 's flawless naked body as galaxy go whizzing by above the glass dome ceiling . tell I that do not work for you ? nick I have see that movie . jeff I have buy the god damned dvd ... y’know if I do not get the free one from the academy . ( more ) 48 . jeff ( cont 'd ) ( serious again ) if I be you guy , I have start on a new brand of cigarettes that could be release simultaneously to the film . nick sector six . jeff no one 's do that with a cigarette . nick where do we go from here ? Jeff get up and begin walk Nick to the door . jeff you go enjoy the rest of you day with you son in Los Angeles , while I find answer for we question . ext . l’ermitage HOTEL - day a bellman approach Jack 's BMW and open both car door for Nick and joey . jack ( from driver 's seat ) yo , Nick . great job today . you need anything , just call I . I know how lonely a strange city can be ... nick ( shutting door ) thank you Jack . bellman welcome to l’ermitage , Mr. naylor . you suite be ready . nick where can we grab a bite ? something really , Los Angeles ? bellman well , there 's spago , morton matsuhisa ... nick no , no , no . where do the people go ? 49 . ext . henry 's taco stand - day the corner set taco stand in Los Angeles . to not know it be to not have live . Nick and joey grab they burritos and coke and have a seat . joey you go to a office . then you go on tv and talk about cigarettes . then you fly out to LA to talk to some guy who work with movie star . what be that ? nick it 's my job . I be a lobbyist . joey I know , but do you study to do that ? nick no , I just kind of figure it out . joey then , can not anyone just do that ? nick no , I think it require a moral flexibility that kind of go beyond most people . joey do I have flexible moral ? nick well , let say you become a lawyer , right ? and , you be ask to defend a murderer . worse than that , a child murderer . the law state that every person deserve a fair trial . would you defend he ? joey I do not know . I guess every person deserve a fair defense . nick yeah , well ... so do multi-national corporation . CUT to : 50 . ext . santa monica pier - dusk a mix of LA youth and family sift each way down the pier as Nick and joey lean on the rail , lose in conversation . joey so , what happen when you be wrong ? nick no , joey . I be never wrong . joey you can not always be right ... right ? nick if it 's you job to be right . then , you be never wrong . joey ( still confuse ) but , what if you be wrong ? nick okay , let say you be defend chocolate and I be defend vanilla . now , if I be to say to you , vanilla be the best flavor of ice cream , you would say ... joey no , chocolate be . nick exactly . but you can not win that argument . so , I will ask you : so you think chocolate be the end all and be all of ice cream , do you ? joey ( push adamance ) it 's the best ice cream . I would not order any other . nick oh , so it 's all chocolate for you , be it ? joey yes , chocolate be all I need . nick well , I need more than chocolate . and for that matter , I need more than vanilla . ( more ) 51 . nick ( cont 'd ) I believe we need freedom and choice when it come to we ice cream and that , joey naylor . that be the definition of liberty . joey but that 's not what we be talk about nick that 's what I be talk about . joey but you do not prove that vanilla be the best . nick I do not have to . I prove that you be wrong . and if you be wrong , I be right . joey but you still do not convince I . nick I be not after you . ( point to the crowded pier ) I be after they . joey be beginning to understand . CUT to : ext . ferris wheel - night Nick and joey ride to the crest of the ferris wheel , overlook Santa monica . they both be enjoy cone of vanilla ice cream . fade to : int . nick 's room , l’ermitage HOTEL - later that evening Nick pat joey on the head , then send he off to sleep and close the separation door between they two room . the telephone ring ... Nick answer ... nick ( check he watch ) hello ? intercut with : int . jeff megall 's office - same 52 . Jeff sit at he desk , now wear a kimono . the city light twinkle behind he . jeff think I have give you a little update . nick oh , hi Jeff . you be still at the office ? jeff do you know what time it be in Tokyo right now ? nick no . jeff four pm , tomorrow . it 's the future , Nick . Nick simply mouth the word , '' fuck I '' . jeff anyhow , for Brad Pitt to smoke it 's ten million . for the pair , it 's twenty five . nick twenty five ? usually when I buy two of something , I get a discount . what 's the extra five for ? jeff synergy . this be not dumb people . they get it right away . Pitt and Zeta - Jones lighting up after some cosmic fuck in the bubble suite be go to sell a lot of cigarettes . nick for this kind of money , my people will expect some very serious smoking . can Brad Pitt blow smoke ring ? jeff I do not have that information . nick well , for twenty five million , we have want smoke ring . 53 . jeff oh , there 's one more thing . you have be co - financing this picture with the sultan of glutan . be that go to be all right ? nick the sultan of glutan ? the one who massacre and enslave he own people ? be not they call he the '' Hitler of the South Pacific '' ? jeff I can not speak to that . I can say that in all my dealing with he , he 's be a very reasonable and sensitive individual . nick I better run it by my people . Jeff read a message on he amtel . jeff of course ... gotta run Nick . London 's call . eight am in the old empire . nick ( dumbfounded ) Jeff , when do you sleep ? jeff Sunday . dissolve to : int . nick 's HOTEL room - l’ermitage HOTEL - morning Nick turn over in he bed to realize that he message light be on . he pick up the receiver and dial the front desk nick yeah , my light be blink ... ( listen ) oh , okay , send it up . CUT to : int . nick 's HOTEL room - l’ermitage HOTEL - morning Nick be sit on the bed with a open briefcase before he . his expression really make we want to know what 's inside . 54 . Nick be on the phone with the Captain . nick Captain , I be sit in front of a open briefcase ... we pull around the OPEN briefcase . Inside be stack of hundred dollar bill , drug-dealer style . nick I do not suppose this be my raise . Nick pick up a cash bundle , examine it . captain Nick , you know who lorne lutch be ? nick of course . he be the original marlboro man . he 's die . he be on Sally last week . not exactly we biggest fan . captain the money be for he . he have a ranch out there in California . I want you to bring it to he . nick he 's a cowboy sir . Cowboys do not like bribe . captain it 's not a bribe . you be go out there on wing of angel , son . nick you mean we be just give he the money ? captain I think Christ himself would say , ' that 's mighty white of you , boy . 's nick no gag agreement ? captain hopefully , he 'il be so damn overcome with gratitude , he ’1ll have to shut up . 55 . int . joey 's room - day joey be jump on the bed . Nick enter the room , drag he foot nick hey , kiddo . look , I have get to go and doa little more work this afternoon . joey I want to come . Nick look into he son 's eye . joey I want to see . ext . country road - day Nick 's rent chrysler sebring kick up dust as it cut by various ranch . int . chrysler sebring - day Nick look over to the passenger seat , where he son stare out the window , excited . then Nick turn to the backseat where the briefcase sit like a anchor . ext . lorne lutch 's ranch - day Southern style . Broken down . oxygen tank on the porch . Nick pull up in the front yard . he get out of the car pull out the briefcase , and step forward . Nick stare at the house , think of what condition lorne lutch will be in . he take in a deep breath and start towards the porch . a few step later , the screen door swing open , and out of the darkness come the '' chu-chink '' of a shotgun . Nick freeze again . lorne lutch ( in shadow ) you be Nick naylor , be not you ? nick do you ... could I ... do you have a minute ? 56 . lorne emerge from the shadow , shotgun over he shoulder . he 's broad and weathered . a cowboy with lung cancer . lorne lutch what do you want here ? the sebring 's passenger door fly open and joey run out . joey dad ... nick joey , get back in the car . joey freeze . Nick raise he arm . nick I just want to talk . a fly buzze around Nick . lorne stare he down , then look over at joey who be hyperventilate . lorne lutch all right . come in . lorne turn back inside , hold the door open with the muzzle of he shotgun . Nick lower he arm and walk up to the house . joey stay a moment , then follow . int . live room - lorne lutch 's ranch house - day hot and dusty . perhaps , a Deer head . photo of lorne with celebrity and politician that cease circa 1970 . lorne return the shotgun to its rack . lorne lutch Pearl , we have get company . pearl , lorne 's wife , nurse , and reason to be alive enter the room from a hallway and freeze at the sight of Nick . pearl mister , you have get a lot ’a’nerve ... lorne lutch ( gesture to joey ) Pearl . show this young man some Ice tea ? 57 . joey 's mind be in hyperdrive , try to keep up with the information : who be my father ? Pearl pat joey on the back and lead he into the kitchen . however , joey find a seat where he can still view the action in the live room . Nick take a seat on the couch , while lorne ease into he rock chair . lorne lutch saw you on ... be not you on that Oprah show ? nick yeah . lorne lutch you be lucky you make it out of there alive . nick tobacco use to be all over television . now , tv be lead the witch hunt . lorne lutch strange business . in the early fifty they have the first cancer scare , so they bring in that filter . then they get worried that man would think filter be for pussy . that 's where I come in . nick you be great . I use to want to be you . I mean , when I be grow up . we all do . lorne lutch last year , after I get diagnose , I fly east to attend the annual stockholder 's meeting . I stand up and tell they that they ought to limit they advertising . and do you know what you boss say to I ? Nick know , but do not interrupt . lorne lutch he say ' we be certainly sorry to hear about you medical problem . ( more ) 58 . lorne lutch ( cont 'd ) however , without know you medical history , we can not comment further . 's then they try to pretend I never work for they . I mean I have get pay stub , but hell I be on the damn billboard . ( break for breath ) I never even smoke marlboro . I smoke kool . the two man chuckle over this . int . kitchen - lorne lutch 's ranch house - same Pearl give joey a Ice tea . pearl you dad always bring you along like this ? joey no , I live with my mom . pearl do he tell you why he 's here today ? joey he say , you husband be the marlboro man . pearl not anymore . the phone ring . Pearl get up and turn on the tv . cartoon . pearl you want any more , just grab it from the fridge . Pearl exit through the back of the kitchen . as soon as she 's go , joey scoot up to the doorway overlook the live room . int . live room - lorne lutch 's ranch house - same lorne lutch you look like a nice enough fellah . what be you do work for this asshole ? hold on Nick as he choose he word carefully . 59 . nick I be good at it . I be better at do this than I ever be at do anything else . lorne lutch well hell , son , I be good at shoot korean , but I do not make it my career . there be a pause as lorne study Nick . lorne lutch I suppose we all get to pay the mortgage somehow . Nick exhales . lorne lutch so , you here to talk I into shutting up ? be that what 's in that case of yours ? joey stare , try to keep up with the action . nick yeah , basically ... ( pick up the briefcase ) no , not basically . that 's exactly it . lorne lutch my dignity be not for sale . nick this be not a offer . it 's a gift . the tax have all be pay . you get to keep it no matter what you do . the idea be that you guilt will prevent you from bad - mouth we . lorne lutch be you suppose to tell I all that ? nick no . just apologize , give you the money , and leave . lorne lutch then why be you tell I this ? a moment . joey get closer . then ... Nick ignites . he look up at lorne. 60 . nick because this way , you 's 1ll take the money . lorne lutch why would I do that ? nick because you be mad . the first thing you 'il do be call the LA Times and CNN . lorne lutch damn straight . nick and insist on bonnie dalton . she do really good control outrage . tell they no bonnie , no story , watch it on MSNBC . lorne lutch ( try to keep up ) okay ... nick when they get here , open up the case and dump all the cash out onto the floor . lorne lutch why ? Nick be really cooking now . he get up ... nick it 'il look more effective . here , look ... Nick open the briefcase and begin to dump the money onto the floor ... it 's a lot of money . joey 's eye widen . nick ( shaking the case ) do not forget to shake every last bundle out . and if you can , you know , give a cough or two . Nick dump the briefcase . nick once it 's all out , you tell they what you be go to do with it . 61 . lorne lutch ( now stand ) what be I go to do with it ? nick donate it . start the lorne lutch Cancer Foundation . you ’11l have a ranch and a fair and a 5k ... ( aside to lorne ) the 5 k be a must . ( back to pitch ) the tv coverage will be great ... lorne lutch wait , what about my family ? nick whoa , lorne , you can not keep the money . lorne lutch ( catch in the enthusiasm ) why the hell not ? nick what , denounce we and then keep the blood money ? look at it . lorne look at the pile of money . one million dollar be a lot of money . lorne lutch I have get to think it over . nick you can not denounce we next week . News do not work that way lorne . lorne lutch I do not suppose I can denounce you for half of it . nick no lorne . you either keep all the money or give it all away . lorne look to Nick for support . Nick have now turn off . lorne look back down at the money . CUT to : 62 . int . chrysler sebring - day Nick drive . joey look to he father with pride . the briefcase be nowhere in sight . joey dad , how do you know he be go to take the money ? Nick shoot a look at joey , ready to question how he see lorne and the briefcase , but relent - he see . nick you have have to be crazy to turn down all that money . as soon as I see he be not crazy , I know he have take it . joey would you have take it ? nick if I be he ? ( think for a second ) sure . joey think for a second . joey so would I . Nick pat he son 's head while joey enjoy the warm glow of he father 's affection . we stick on a close - up of Nick with a proud father smile , as we begin to hear ... ron goode ( 0.c . ) he 's a animal , sir . you can not take you guard down for a second . CUT to : int . larry king live set - day ron be walk he boss , Senator finistirre to the set . finistirre ( pull off make - up bib ) ron , shut up ... without stop , finistirre sit down in the interview seat 63 . finistirre ( to Larry ) hi Larry ... ( back to ron ) I have tangoed with president , Arabs , and indian chief . I think I can handle Mr. Nick naylor . CUT to : larry king live sitting across from Larry and he giant mic be finistirre . larry king we have two guest with we tonight . here in the studio in Washington we have Democratic Senator finistirre from vermont . thank you for join we again , Senator . finistirre always a pleasure , Larry . Nick 's image pop up on a screen , next to they . larry and live in we LA studio be Nick naylor , chief spokesman for the Academy of tobacco Studies . good evening , Nick nick good evening , Larry . intercut with : int . LA studio - day Nick be in the hot seat , with a monitor to watch Larry and finistirre . behind the camera and the crew , stand joey , watch he dad with pride . larry now Nick , you create quite a fuss on the Oprah show , do not you ? 64 . nick I will say this . I do not think I will be get my annual invitation to the finistirre Labor Day barbecue . finistirre ( defensive ) uh , Larry , as you probably know , I do not believe in the annual barbecue of livestock which only add to the animal cruelty problem that permeate the heartland . larry king well , Senator , it do not sound like you 's 1ll be have Nick over anytime soon for anything . finistirre I continue to offer a open invitation to Mr. naylor to join we in Congress to discuss the inclusion of we new poison label , which if I may say ... larry king how ' bout it Nick ? will you be make a appearance in Congress . nick not as long as the Senator be call for I to be fire . it 's not exactly a welcome invitation . larry king it could be consider a mix message , Senator . finistirre not as mix as Big tobacco 's stance on the danger of smoking cigarettes . Nick begin to laugh . this take both Larry & finistirre off guard . larry king Nick , now you be laugh ? the Senator do have a point , do not he ? 65 . nick I can not help myself . I be tickle by the idea of the gentleman from vermont call I a hypocrite . this from a man , who in one day , hold a press conference where he call for the american tobacco field to be slashed and burn . then , jump on a private jet . flew down to Peru for the Eco summit and denounce the meed corporation for deforestation . I be sorry , I find that funny . joey 's smile say : my dad be one bad ass motherfucker larry king would you like to respond , Mr. Senator ? finistirre think about this . he 's really hold back . finistirre ( strain ) um. no. larry king emotional issue . ( switch gear ) let take some call . herndon , Virginia , you be on the air . caller Larry , have anyone ever announce that they be go to kill someone live on you show ? larry no , but we get a lot of angry call . caller then it 's you lucky day , because I be here to tell you that within a week , we be go to dispatch Mr. naylor from this planet , for all the pain and suffer he 's cause the world . the phone click . a awkward pause . Nick be stunne . joey be suddenly very scared . a uncomfortable pause . then ... 66 . larry emotional issue . CUT to : int . security , lax - day Nick have he arm out , shoe in hand , as he be give the full court press by the security . nick ( v.0 . ) for once , I enjoy the overzealous security . int . boeing 767 - day Nick walk back from the bathroom to he seat . on he way , he observe each passenger , try to discern the amount of fear in they eye . nick ( v.0 . ) most people do not want to die . cigarette smoker include . it 's funny how many time a day people say thing like , '' I ought -a kill he '' or '' do not make I kill you . '' only with I , they be usually be serious . Nick take he seat next to joey in the bulkhead . joey have he foot on the color stripe wall before he . a flight attendant stop at they row . flight attendant ( to joey ) I be sorry , young man , but you can not keep you foot on there . joey if you do not want people put they foot up , why do you cover the wall in carpet ? the flight attendant have to hand it to he . good point . she wink and do not say another word . Nick smile at he son . int . dulle airport - day Nick push a luggage cart . joey walk next to he , one hand on the cart . 67 . Nick look around at the even flow of people , try to evaluate each person as they pass . you can not be too careful . ext . jill naylor 's house - late afternoon Nick be park out front in the BMW . joey run by he mom into the house . Jill meanwhile stare at Nick and shake she head . she evidently see Larry King . ext . nick 's apartment build - evening Nick round the corner and be about to pull into he garage , when he notice a hoard of PRESS wait for he at he front door . cameras , light , the whole bit . Nick immediately speed past he building and round the corner . int . unknown apartment - evening the front door swing open revealing Nick . a woman 's hand come into frame and stroke he face . she then come into frame herself and embrace he , revealing she to be heather . int . bedroom - night Nick and Heather fuck . meanwhile , on the tv behind they a news anchor speak on mute . the image in the upper leave hand corner of the screen be nick from Larry King . the caption read lobbyist on the lookout . Heather see Nick on tv and suddenly stop . heather oh my god , you be on tv ! nick you be watch tv ? Heather whip Nick around . heather I wanna fuck you while I watch you on tv . nick and they call I sick . heather hurry , I do not want to miss you clip ... 68 . Nick and Heather shift so she can see the tv . Heather giggle . nick this be new . heather tell I more about Los Angeles . Nick look up at Heather , then she do something with she hip that make Nick smile as he eye go to half mast . fade to : int . joey 's classroom - next day it 's speech day . a flighty girl who , one day , will never graduate vidal sassoon 's hair academy no matter how hard she try be make she finish remark . flighty girl and freedom mean that we can do what we want and that 's really important because otherwise we could not be free and that 's why America be the best government in the world . joey 's teacher wake the class up with a heavy cupped-hand applause . the rest of the class follow suit , half awake . teacher okay , joey , you be up . joey stay seat for a moment and take in a deep breath like he father usually do . he get up and swagger to the front of the room , take each step with confidence , swallow the entire room . joey then spin and face the class . joey what make America the best government ? a passion that do not exist anywhere else in the world ? sure , you can call it capitalism . a free market . a celebration of tariff break downs . I have another word for it ... slam into joey 69 . joey Love . fade to : tv commercial : ext . bleacher - day father and son , bad actor the both , be sit in the bleacher , wear baseball uniform . they have just finish throw around the ball . dad pull out a smoke . son dad , when do I get to smoke ? father when you be eighteen , son . if you try smoking now , it may stunt you growth . then you could never play in the major league . Father laugh and pat he son 's head . son when I get older , I be go to smoke you brand , so I can be just like you . father oh , son you make I so proud . and , believe you I , they be worth the wait . logo and voice over narrator everything you parent tell you about smoking be right . we pull out of the tv , revealing br and Nick , watch the spot in ... int . conference room - academy of tobacco study - day a ad man step forward and turn off the monitor . ad man it 's brilliance , if I may say so , be in its deconstructability . nick how 's that ? 70 . ad man say the last three word of the tag out loud . nick . smoke be right . the ad man smile . br we be think of tie in some brand name . ad man ' dad , I want to smoke marlboro reds , just dike you . 's nick the Captain will be pleased . ( switch gear ) what about this skull and crossbone they want we to put on the pack ? the ad man pull out a display card , hide by a sheer cloth . ad man okay , now this be a challenge . however nothing in the verbiage of the bill specify that we could not make it we own skull and crossbone . Nick and br nod . impress by the logic . ad man ( cont ’d ) gentlemen , let I introduce you to ... ( whip back the cloth ) . have a nice death ! the display show a skull and crossbone contort into the happy face associate with '' have a nice day '' - it 's horrifying . br be that what I think it be ? ad man it score just slightly higher than we second place design ... '' Mr. death 's neighborhood . '' nick it 's awful . 71 . br Nick , we can not let that bill pass ... Nick be lose in the frightening visage of '' have a Nice death . '' br Nick ! ( Nick look over ) you know what you have to do ...? crush the fucker . Nick nod . int . nick 's office - academy of tobacco study - day Nick be on the phone . nick what be it Jill ? intercut with : int . supermarket - day Jill be on the cell phone , while joey pick cereal in the background . jill Nick , I have to tell you . joey give a speech in class today . nick ( think he 's in trouble ) yeah ? flash to : int . joey 's classroom - earlier joey speak with fervor , but we only hear Jill . we push down the classroom of stunne and captivate student . jill ( v.0 . ) he move Ms. terhagen to tear . we push into joey 's teacher who be visibly cry in appreciation . back to : 72 . int . supermarket - day Jill remain at the end of the cereal aisle . jill Nick , I do not know what you say to joey in California , but thank you . nick what ? for teach he how to speak ? jill no , for be he father . joey have stop look for cereal and have lock onto he mother 's phone conversation . nick I revel each chance I get . jill I be sorry I doubted you . int . nick 's office - academy of tobacco study - day Nick put down the phone . we recognize a different kind of pride in he eye . a man wear a flak jacket and '' security '' ball cap enter the room with a gun in he hand . nick ( check ) you be the one do the security briefing ? be not you ? int . bert 's restaurant - day the mod squad at they regular table . nick I tell he I do not need body guard . I be a man of the people . bobby jay rock on , Kennedy . polly we be all go to need bodyguard soon enough . ( more ) 73 . polly ( cont 'd ) do you see the coverage the fetal - alcohol people get themselves over this weekend . they make it sound like we encourage pregnant mother to drink . I be surprised I do not get kidnap on the way to work this morning . this catch Nick 's attention . nick ( patronize ) I do not think people who work for the alcoholic beverage industry have to worry about be kidnap , just yet . all movement stop . polly stare Nick down . polly pardon I ? nick look , nothing personal , but tobacco generate a little more heat than alcohol . polly oh , this be news . nick my product put away 475 thousand a year ... polly ( rhetorical ) oh , now 475 be a legit number ? nick okay , 435 thousand , that 's twelve hundred a day . how many alcohol related death a year ? a hundred thousand , top ? two hundred seventy something a day ? well wow - wee . two hundred and seventy people . oh , the tragedy . Excuse I if I do not exactly see terrorist get excited enough to kidnap anyone from the alcohol industry . bobby jay okay , let 's breathe . nick how many gun death a year in the US , Bobby jay ? 74 . bobby jay eleven thousand . nick eleven thousand ? you have get to be kid I ? thirty a day . that 's less than passenger car mortality . no terrorist would bother with either of you . Nick go back to he food . a long silence follow . Nick realize that he 's shove a little too hard . nick look , this be a stupid argument . polly I will say . nick I be sure both of you warrant vigilante justice . polly thank you . bobby jay not all of we can get we life threaten on national television , you know . polly within a week , we will find out this be one big publicity stunt . nick yeah , or I 'il be dead . bobby jay ( do not see the difference ) either way ... Nick smile . CUT to : ext . side STREET - WASHINGTON DC - day Nick walk away from bert 's . he go to get in he BMW , when a van screech to a halt beside he . 75 . Nick look up , but it 's too late . the van door slide open and he be yank into the open as the wheel peel out . int . kidnapper 's mini - van - day Nick be immediately tackle to the ground by two hood man . the two man blindfold Nick , then handcuff he . nick wait ... huh ... let 's talk ! the two man proceed to swiftly cut off Nick 's clothes with razor , leave only he undershort . nick wo , will , will !... can we get a dialogue go here ? no answer . then , a voice break the silence . a friendly voice , actually . Saturday morning cartoon friendly . it could be Mr. Rogers . kidnapper hi Nick . the kidnapper sit behind Nick 's head . his face be hide in shadow . nick can we talk about this ? usually , they let you know why they be kidnap you . that 's kind of the whole point . kidnapper Nick , we want you to stop kill people . so many people . half a million people a year in the U.S . nick there 's no data to support that . kidnapper Nick ... you be not on tv anymore . ext . WASHINGTON DC STREET - day the kidnapper 's mini - van fly by . 76 . int . kidnapper 's mini - van - day the two man in hood pull out cardboard box . from the box they pull little package . one man open a package , pull out something white , then slap it down on Nick 's chest , where it stick like a band - aid . then the other man do the same . the two man start cover Nick 's entire body with this little white sticker ... slap !... slap !... slap ! , slap !... slap ! kidnapper Nick , how much do you smoke a day ? nick what be you do ? kidnapper accord to the box , each one of that patch contain twenty - one milligram of nicotine . that 's like what ? one pack ? slap !... slap ! , slap ! nick look , I think it 's perfectly legitimate that nonsmoker feel they be entitle to breathe smoke - free air . we industry have be work hand in hand ... kidnapper Nick , just listen , all right ? say here there be many adverse reaction from this thing . let 's see , erythema , which I think be just a rash , no big thing . ( read ) then you get back pain , constipation dyspepsia , nausea , myalgia ... nick my industry do forty - eight billion a year in revenue . slap ! , slap !... slap ! kidnapper ( continue read ) pharyngitis , sinusitis , ... ( struggle with word ) dys-men-or-rhea . I do not even want to know what that mean . 77 . nick I would guess that you could start by ask for five million and work you way up from there . slap ! , slap ! kidnapper but I do not want any money , Nick . nick well , what do you want ? I mean , I be all ear , here . slap !... slap ! kidnapper Nick ... what do any man want ? the love of a woman ? crisp bacon ? a average life span over eighty year ? the slapping stop . Nick begin to hyperventilate . kidnapper Nick , do you know in the next ten year two hundred eighty million people will die from smoking . that 's the entire population of the United States . Nick be struggle for air and turn red . kidnapper oh , Nick . you do not look so good ... CUT to : ext . the reflection pond - WASHINGTON memorial - afternoon two US Park policeman be look over the pond , when Nick stumble out from behind a tree , still naked and cover in nicotine patch . he fall into the reflection pool . the two US officer run up to Nick and begin to yank he out . as they do , we notice for the first time a sign around he neck : executed for crime against humanity nick 's Pov : the two policeman stand over he . 78 . beat cop 1 that 's some pretty sick shit ... fade to : int . HOTEL corridor - day - video footage dream sequence bad grainy yellow video - we be watch the HOTEL channel in which they instruct you how to escape during a fire . smoke fill the ceiling of the corridor . smoke curl under the door . narrator ( comforting female ) if you see or smell smoke , Nick enter the bathroom . as it turn out , he be the subject of the video . narrator take a wash cloth , soak it with water , and cover you nose and mouth . Nick take a wash cloth and follow the instruction . Nick approach the hotel room door . narrator before open you door , check for heat Nick touch the door . he 's satisfied . he open the door and walk into the corridor . people run by . the Fire alarm begin to fade up from the background , get louder and louder . narrator do not remove you washcloth . try at all time to avoid breathe in the smoke ... the smoke cloud lower . the alarm get louder . narrator if necessary , crawl on you hand and knee to avoid smoke inhalation . Nick take to all four , still try to keep the wash cloth on he face . the alarm get even louder . 79 . narrator if you do happen to inhale the smoke , do not be alarmed . there be still no conclusive study that link the inhalation of smoke to emphysema . Nick look up confuse drop he wash cloth . he stand up in the smoke just as we ... slam CUT to : int . nick 's recovery room - ST . joseph 's hospital - day Nick open he eye . next to he , a nurse be fiddling with Nick 's various monitor , whose beep match the dream . the nurse catch Nick out of the corner of she eye ... nurse you wake up . nick ( v.0 . ) perhaps a bad choice of inflection ? be she inferr that I could have just as easily , not ? without wait a beat , the nurse grab the bed remote and press the up button , lift Nick into the seat position . wait before he be a line of familiar people . as the romper room lady would say , I see ... bobby jay , polly , joey , gizelle , br , a doctor , the nurse , and right in the middle be a big screen tv , on which be a live image of the captain in he own hospital bed . they all just stare silently , then joey run up and hug he dad . joey I be so scared . Nick embrace he son . then , the Captain break the silence . captain ( on tv ) how you feel sport ? nick what happen ? the doctor break from the group , and take to Nick 's side . 80. doctor no non-smoker could ever have withstood the amount of nicotine you have in you bloodstream . ( flustered ) I hate to say it , but ... cigarettes save you life . nick can I quote you on that ? captain ( on tv ) you be a real trooper , my boy . nick Captain , where be you ? captain ( on tv ) Winston - Salem General ... damned heart fail on I again . think we could be room mate . doctor uh , Nick , before we get side track , there be one thing . nick do not get dramatic on I , doc . doctor you can not smoke . nick no problem . I have quit before . I do during the pregnancy and the divorce . how long , you think ? doctor I do not think you understand . it 's a miracle that you come out of this alive . any smoking ... one cigarette could put you back into a paralytic state . you body just can not handle it Nick look around the room . it be evident from everybody 's expression that they already know this . 81 . br Nick , I do not want to put any more pressure on you , but there 's a camera crew stand by . if we want to make the evening news ... Nick look around the room , then to he son . CUT to : the evening news Nick be be interview in bed . joey sit by he side . nick well , this just go to prove what I have be say for a long time : this nicotine patch be just deadly . smoke ... save my life . interviewer consider you condition , will you still be able to appear before Senator finistirre 's sub-committee hearing on the usage of poison label on cigarette package ? nick I think now more than ever , it be imperative that I be present . nothing will keep I from testify . we pull out from the image , revealing we be in ... int . senator finistirre 's office - day finistirre and ron Goode from the Oprah show watch in pain . finistirre Fucking kidnap . ron turn off the tv . ron I do not understand , sir . be not we consider the kidnap a good thing ? finistirre well , he do not die . 82. ron he almost die . finistirre that 's the problem . now he look like a victim . lucky bastard . ron he be almost kill , sir . finistirre yes . a moment go by . ron do not have a answer . finistirre it 's call sympathy . it mean we can not wipe the floor with he , because people will think we be ... bully . the intercom crackle up . secretary Senator finistirre , Heather holloway have arrive for she interview . finistirre okay , good . ( to ron ) leave . ron scurries out of the room , as the door open revealing Heather , look outstanding as usual . finistirre Ms. holloway . heather Senator . the office door close as the two take they seat . then ... Heather open up she bag and pull out a stack of papers . she slide they across the desk . finistirre pick they up , revealing they to be ... a film script . the title page say message from sector six . he flip the title page and find a letter from jeff megall on agency letterhead . the note have five sentence and a dollar amount . 83 . finistirre Nice . int . cafeteria - ST . joseph 's hospital - day joey join the mod squad in they similar eat position . only , now bert 's Restaurant have be replace by the St. Joseph 's Hospital commissary . bobby jay DC police find you naked , do lap in the reflection pool , with a sign over you head that say ... polly stop it , he do not need the detail . bobby jay it be some pretty sick shit , I ’1ll say that . polly how do you feel ? nick I do not know . for the first time , I be think this cigarettes be pretty dangerous . polly smile . meanwhile , Bobby jay reach into he inner vest pocket , pull out a small pistol , and begin to hide it in Nick 's wheel chair polly what be you do ? bobby jay I know it look small , but it really do the trick . one shot , bam . polly Nick be not shoot anybody . joey ( be : gun ) cool ... bobby jay ( proud ) yeah , huh ...? 84. Nick and polly frown . bobby jay ( cont ’d ) ( suddenly restrain ) I mean , gun must be treat with respect . nick ( to Bobby jay ) you be go to make a great father . everyone be smile at this , when two man in overcoat appear out of nowhere . overcoat 1 hello , Mr. naylor , we be ... bobby jay ( finish ) the feds . Nick , you do not have to talk to this guy . overcoat 1 lift up he badge . overcoat 1 we just have a few question . overcoat 2 Mr. naylor , can you think of anyone who would have a reason to do this to you . on Nick : you have get to be fuck kid I . CUT to : int . academy of tobacco study - reception - day the entire spin Control team wait at the front door for Nick 's arrival . Nick enter and they erupt like Times Square on V - Day . br step forward and raise Nick 's arm into the air . they cheer again . trainee hey Nick , be you go to quit ? Nick look up and see the wait face . he can not let down he fan . 85 . nick who 's get a smoke ? twenty arm fly forward , all offer different brand . Nick take a cigarette from br and light up . as he attempt to inhale however , he leg buckle under he , and he fall to the ground . he 's out cold . CUT to : int . nick 's office - academy of tobacco study - day Nick be dangle in he chair . some office worker fan he and keep he up while other huddle at the door . trainee 2 maybe you should start with filter . br usher the coworker out of Nick 's office , then close the door behind they . br you okay ? nick I be function . br I be give some of you workload to jeanette while you recover . nick not necessary . br she 's already be take care of everything in you absence . beside 's we can not have you pull the old flosberry flop like that everywhere you go . nick I will be fine . br begin to leave , then stop for something . br I hear the holloway article be come out tomorrow . nick really ? 86 . br anything I should be worried about ? nick yes . the lung Association . apparently , they have it in for we . br nod and leave . the second the door close , Nick grab the phone , dial , then cup the phone in secrecy . heather 's service you have reach Heather holloway at the Washington Post . I be unavailable . please leave a message . nick Heather , it 's Nick . really miss you ... listen , I hear you article . the one on tobacco and I ... well , that it 's go to print , tomorrow . that 's great . I have love to read it or talk to you ... just see how it turn out . you should call I , so I can read it , on my cell phone . or at work . they can patch you through . and the other night be just great . we must do it again . but I be really eager to see what you write . really . int . corridor , academy of tobacco study - day Nick step out . nick ( to gizelle ) you can forward all call to my cell . gizelle like always . nick yes , exactly like always . int . bert 's restaurant - day the mod squad sit but do not eat . bobby jay the Post call . 87. nick really . what do they want ? bobby jay they want to check the spelling of my name and job title . polly you do not tell she about we do you ? nick no , I mean , if anything , in pass . polly in pass ? bobby jay oh god , he fuck she . ( to Nick ) I try to warn you . polly he do not fuck she . ( to Nick ) you do not fuck she , do you ? Nick do not answer . polly be besides herself . polly when ? bobby jay in pass . nick look , she 's really a nice girl . bobby jay oh god , we be really fuck . polly I will get a copy of tomorrow 's Post . nick you can do that ? polly i’1ll have my advertiser get a copy . nick call I as soon as you have get something . 88 . int . nick 's BMW - day Nick drive through traffic , dial he cell phone . heather 's service you have reach Heather holloway at the Washington Post . I be unavailable . please leave a message . Nick end the call . int . copy room - academy of tobacco study - day Nick wait as a fax come through . a assistant be about to enter , when she see Nick and move on . Nick pick it up and begin to read . through he eye , we see he heart drop . as he continue to read down the first column , we ... dissolve to : ext . any suburban home - DC - the next morning a man step outside in he bathrobe . he walk to the bottom of the driveway and pick up the morning paper . the front page headline read : nick naylor 's smokescreen I do it for the mortgage ! int . public bus - morning people ride to work . many of they be read the post . nick ( v.0 . ) Nick naylor , lead spokesman for big tobacco , would have you believe he think cigarettes be harmless ... int . coffee shop - morning people drink coffee , eat pastry , and read the post . nick ( v.0 . ) but really , he 's do it for the mortgage ... 89 . ext . - DC STREET - morning polly walk up the street , read the paper to herself . polly ( v.0 . ) the mod squad , meaning of course merchant - of - death be comprise of polly Bailey of the moderation Council and Bobby jay bliss of the gun business 's own advisory group , safety ... int . bobby jay 's office - day Bobby jay sit at he desk , flanke by various military trinket and banner . he read the post . bobby jay ( v.0 . ) as explain by naylor , the sole purpose of they meeting be to compete for the high death toll as they compare strategy on how to dupe the american people . int . escalator - office mall - day various office worker ride up the center of a atrium , read the post . int . jeff megall 's office - day Jeff be hand a crisp copy of the article with hi-light section . he immediately devour it ... jeff ( v.0 . ) sector six would emphasize the sex appeal of cigarettes , in a way only float nude copulate hollywood star could ... int . internet cafe - day student at computer terminal , read the article on the Washington Post website . int . lorne lutch 's ranch - day lorne 's fax machine , albeit a ancient one , spit out the curl transmission . he read : 90 . lorne ( v.0 . ) this do not stop Nick from bribe the die man with a suitcase of cash to keep quiet on the subject of he recent lung cancer diagnosis ... int . kitchen - jill naylor 's residence - day joey run into room expect a snack , but instead find Jill and Brad hover over the post . jill ( v.0 . ) Nick 's own son joey naylor seem to be be groom for the job , as he join he father on the majority of he trip ... int . nick 's office - academy of tobacco study - day Nick sit at he desk . he be a mess . he tap a unopen copy of the post , when the intercom suddenly break the moment ... gizelle ( intercom ) I have Heather holloway on one . Nick leap for the phone . nick Heather . intercut with : int . heather holloway 's office - same Heather be as cheery as the first time we meet she heather hey , Nick , what do you think ? Nick choose every word carefully . nick Heather , there be a lot of information in here , that be ... off the record . heather you never say anything about off the record . 91 . nick I presume , anything say while I be inside you be consider privileged . heather Nick , you be really cute . if you want to talk on a plane or at a movie or over dinner , that would have be fine . but you want to fuck . that 's fine by I . Nick be stunne . even insulted by this realization . nick wait a second . you use I ? heather ( still friendly ) come on Nick . now we be be child . we both love we job . you be just a lobbyist and I be just a reporter . nick ( confusion ) you use I . heather I think if anything , that you have have a appreciation for my work . nick how could you do this to I ? heather oh , Nick . for the mortgage . int . br 's office - day Nick enter just as br put down the article . nick that bitch . br you should have be more careful , Nick . nick I 'il work up a rebuttal . Heather holloway be not the only reporter at the post. 92 . br there be not go to be a rebuttal . do not talk to anyone . we be pull you from the congressional hearing . nick you can not pull I from the hearing . all you will be do be give credence to she article . I be ready to testify . br Nick , half of my job be damage control . and today , that consist of distance ourselves from you entirely and let you take the heat on this article . Nick begin to realize he be be fire . br you job relied on you ability to keep secret and spin the truth . I can not imagine a way in which you could have fuck up more . there be just no way I could possibly keep you on staff . nick and I assume you have already run this by the Captain ? br the Captain die this morning . Nick stop . everything stop . int . gate 27 - dulle airport - day Nick be at the ticket agent 's desk . ticket agent all I have be the very last seat in the plane , sir . 36c . Nick just nod . int . boeing 757 - day a flight attendant push the drink cart past Nick , hit he knee . Nick look for a apology , but nothing follow . Nick look up and find the permanently light non - smoking sign . 93. ext . cemetery - day a large crowd have gather to see a local hero be bury . very formal . all black . no grey . Nick stand alone in the crowd . a waiter from the tobacco Club step forward and place a mint julep on the casket as it be lower into the ground . ext . dulle airport - day Nick 's flight touch down ... roughly . int . nick 's apartment - night Nick slump into he apartment . we hear the answer machine play , as a '' baretta '' marathon show on television in the background . answering machine ( 0.c . ) Mr. naylor , this be Pete in security at the Academy . you thing be wait for you at the information kiosk in the lobby . look , just pick be up by Friday , or we be suppose to throw be away . jump CUT to : later another '' baretta '' episode . Nick empty he fridge . answering machine ( 0.c. ) Nick , Jack in Jeff megall 's office . Jeff really enjoy meeting you the other day and be sorry that you two could not find a project to work on . Drop I a line whenever you be in town . my e-mail be ... jump CUT to : later another '' baretta '' episode . Nick alphabetize he book / CD 's . answering machine ( 0.c . ) Mr. naylor , this be special agent Johnson with the FBI . ( more ) 94 . answering machine ( cont 'd ) have not find any lead in you kidnap investigation , we will be hand over the case to local DC police . please refer to they in the future for update and question ... jump CUT to : later Nick be now upside down on he bed watch yet another episode of '' baretta '' , when there 's a knock at he door int . entryway - nick 's apartment - day Nick step up to the door . nick who be it ? jill ( 0.c . ) it 's I , Nick . nick oh , Jill , this be a bad time ... I be try to find that kung fu spot that kill a human body instantaneously . jill ( 0.c. ) let I in Nick . nick ( think a beat ) no . jill ( 0.c . ) I bring someone who need to talk to you . Nick exhales , then open the door . Jill bring joey . nick ( to joey ) there 's a coke in the fridge . joey run past he father to the kitchen . Jill take a step forward , then stop next to Nick . jill so , this Heather holloway must have be pret-ty hot ... Nick go to argue , then concede ... 95 . nick yeah , she 's pretty hot . jill do not take it so hard . a few flaw can be appeal . it make you human . nick ( without flinching ) who want to be human ? jill I know one person who still think you be a god . Nick look back towards the kitchen . CUT to : int . kitchen , nick 's apartment - same Nick and joey sit at the kitchen table , each slump on they elbow , mirrore each other in identical position . joey why do you tell that reporter all you secret ? nick you be too young to understand . joey Mom say it 's because you have dependency issue and it be just a matter of time before you throw it all away on some tramp . Nick pause . nick well , that 's one theory . joey why be you hide from everybody ? nick it have something to with be generally hate right now . joey but it 's you job to be generally hate . 96 . Nick smile . nick it 's more complicated than that . joey you be just make it more complicated so you can feel sorry for yourself . Nick raise a eyebrow . joey ( cont 'd ) like you always say , '' if you want a easy job , go work for the Red Cross . '' you be a lobbyist . you job be to be right and you be the best at what you do . you be the '' sultan of spin '' ... nick sultan of spin ? joey ( quickly ) Mom subscribe to Newsweek . ( back to he pitch ) who care what the brad of the world think ? he 's not my dad . you be . Nick look into joey 's eye . nick ( v.0 . ) and right there , look into joey 's eye , it all come back in a rush ... why I do what I do ... CUT to : ext . g8 summit - day unbathed teenager with '' ideal '' be protest behind barricade . Nick pass through the shouting crowd with a calm smile on he face , unflinch , as people hurl insult and rock towards police in riot gear . nick ( v.0 . ) defend the defenseless ... protect the disenfranchise corporation that have be abandon by they very own consumer ... CUT to : 97 . outrageous kodak moment of : nick ( v.0 . ) the logger . a logger - about to cut down the last tree in a acre of stump . he pose with he chainsaw and smile to camera . CUT to : nick ( v.0 . ) the sweat shop foreman . a sweat shop foreman smile with he clipboard as countless child make shoe in the background . CUT to : nick ( v.0 . ) the oil driller . a oil driller and he son smile as the drilling mechanism behind they bore into the Pacific Ocean floor . CUT to : nick ( v.0 . ) the land mine developer . a land mine developer present a newly design land mine to he underling . they all look up and smile . CUT to : nick ( v.0 . ) the baby seal poacher . a seal pelt trader hold a beat baby seal , look up and smile . CUT to : int . bert 's restaurant - day the mod squad be at they booth . polly baby seal poacher ? bobby jay even I think that 's kind of cruel . 98 . nick okay , you be miss the point . polly I must be , because I think you be apologize . nick I be get to that . look , you two be basically my only friend . the last thing I ever want to do be hurt either of you . I can only imagine how the two of you must have feel ... Bobby jay crack a smile . Nick stop in question of the look . nick ( to Bobby jay ) why be you smile ? ( immediately to polly ) why be he smile ? polly he win a hundred buck on you . Nick shoot a further confuse look bobby jay I bet polly that you have spill the bean with that reporter . nick that go against everything we stand for . polly you ratted we out to some reporter with tit . bobby jay ( correct ) glorious tit . nick only after you create a betting pool , testing my incompetence . if anything , I think we have mutual professional courtesy . 99 . polly do you know the beat I have be take at moderation ? nick I know both of you be probably under a lot of scrutiny ... polly you can stop use the plural . Nick look to Bobby jay for a explanation . bobby jay the guy at safety actually like the name , merchant of death . they be go to make bumper sticker . i’1l get you one . a waitress arrive with a piece of apple pie with a slice of american cheese melt on top for Bobby jay . nick that 's disgusting . bobby jay ( mid-bite ) it 's american . Nick shrug ( point take ) polly well , I guess you will not be appear at finistirre 's sub-committee . nick I be kind of look forward to it too . it 's kind of cool in a Jimmy Stewart sort of way . bobby jay more like a Ollie North sort of way . polly finistirre would have tear you a new asshole , in a house of parliament , no less . nick oh , please . I could have take he . 100 . bobby jay what would you have say ? nick I do not know ... Nick be mesmerize by the sizzling cheese on Bobby jay 's pie . nick ... I think I have just like he to feel immeasurable pain and humiliation . bobby jay ( joke ) that 's 11 be tough , I mean he 's a Senator . all three laugh . nick ( compliment Bobby jay ) good one . Nick think a little more . polly I mean , how would you get back in even if you want to ?... Nick look at he fellow mod squad member and smile . bobby jay uh oh . he have a plan . CUT to : int . senator finistirre 's office - day the Senator be at he desk , examine a list , when ron Goode enter and turn on the tv - Nick at a PRESS conference . nick ( on tv ) to all the people who be mention in the recent newspaper article , please take comfort in know that I will not rest until you name be clear . this experience have teach I a important lesson : have sexual affair with member of the press be just unfair . not unfair to I mind you , but to all the people in my life whose only crime be know I . ( more ) 101 . nick ( cont 'd ) it be you name , not mine , that suffer from my entertaining of a meaningless affair with a seductress in the form of a young blond Washington Post reporter , whose name I will not mention because I ... have dignity . finistirre simply grunt at this . nick ( on tv ) there have be wide accusation of I drop out from tomorrow 's senate sub - committee . let it be know , that unless Senator finistirre have withdraw my invitation to speak ... finistirre ( to tv ) it 's call a subpoena . nick ( on tv ) it be my plan to be present in Congress tomorrow to share my knowledge of Big tobacco and all that who enjoy its product . thank you for you time . see you tomorrow . as Nick step away from the podium on tv , we turn around to find finistirre who stare at the television , feel every bit challenge . as we get closer , a phone ring in the background . then a second line ring ... a third . the Senator look to he desk , where he phone 's many line be all blink . he go to he desk , and pull out a sheet that read : schedule of event tobacco Subcommittee he follow the sheet down , past a list of name . at the bottom he add the name , nick naylor . CUT to : ext . DC skyline - morning the Sun burst out from behind various monument . 102 . ext . the capital build - day from a limo window , we see the press quickly approach , but all we hear be the sound of a on-come wave . as the press hit the car , the wave sound crash as if hit a beach . Inside the car be a very shocked Nick , Bobby jay , and polly . bobby jay still feel like Jimmy Stewart ? ext . the capital build - day the mod squad fight the on come press as they approach the main entrance . int . entrance - capital build - day Nick and polly walk through the metal detector . Bobby jay try to walk through , but set off the machine . bobby jay ( to Nick and polly ) go ahead . this may take a while . a security guard approach with the wand . Bobby jay have nothing but disdain for metal detector . int . congressional hearing room - day a a/v operator plug in a mic sit on the red tablecloth on the witness table . he give a thumb across the room , where ... a/v operator 2 turn on the p.a. system . the room come alive with a boom . int . congressional hearing room - day the hearing be just beginning . Senator finistirre and nine of he colleague sit at a long table before the audience . each one have a pitcher of water and a microphone . finistirre scan the audience , then begin . finistirre okay , let bring this meeting to order . we will try we best to keep everything brief and concise , so we can all make it out of here on time . finistirre smile at he audience . 103 . finistirre okay ... jump CUT to : int . congressional hearing room - moment later a medical advisor be testify . medical advisor the skull and crossbone mean one thing : poison . thus , the message be quite clear like any other product that carry the brand , if you take it , you will die . finistirre be this not overkill ? I mean , why not just use word as we currently do ? something that describe the danger of cigarettes ? medical advisor the american public be not affect by mast head anymore . they need photograph . we have do study which show that consumer react up to eighty percent more to imagery rather than word . the stat be there . it 's just sad that the Academy of tobacco Studies do not release this type of information earlier ... finistirre and when you say the Academy of tobacco Studies , you be refer to the coalition represent by ... freeze frame on the Senator . nick ( v.0 . ) let it be know , the public beat have not go out of style . jump CUT to : int . congressional hearing room - moment later latino man the current use of word instead of imagery be a obvious move against the non-english speak population in the United States . ( more ) 104 . latino man ( cont 'd ) the skull and crossbone speak loudly in all language . by not use it , they be say they want that who can not read English to die . finistirre I be sorry senor herera , could you please clarify '' they '' ... CUT to : int . congressional hearing room - moment later finistirre look down at he agenda and smile . finistirre Nick naylor , please step forward . Nick stand . he turn around as he fix he suit coat . as he do , he notice someone in the audience . sitting ten row back be ... joey . the twelve year old sneak a excited wave . Nick suddenly become uncomfortable . he wave back , but we can tell he be bother . bailiff please state you name , address , and current occupation . nick my name be Nick naylor . I live at the watergate . I be currently unemployed , but until recently , I be the vice President of the Academy of tobacco Studies . finistirre Mr. naylor , as vice President of the Academy of tobacco Studies , what be require of you ? what do you do ? nick I inform the public of all the research perform in the investigation on the effect of tobacco . finistirre and what , so far , have the Academy conclude in the investigation on the effect of tobacco ? 105 . nick well , many thing actually . why just the other day , they uncover evidence that smoking can offset parkinson 's disease . finistirre I be sure the health community be thrilled . Mr. naylor , who provide the financial back for the Academy of tobacco Studies ? nick conglomerate tobacco . finistirre ( clarify ) that be the cigarette company ? nick for the most part , yes . finistirre do you think this affect they priority ? nick no . just as I be sure campaign contribution do not affect yours . Senator lothridge from Washington pipe in , to break it up . lothridge gentlemen , Mr. naylor be not here to testify on the going on of the Academy of tobacco Studies . we be here to examine the possibility of a warning logo on cigarettes . now , Mr. naylor , I have to ask out of formality , do you believe that smoking cigarettes over time can lead to lung cancer and other respiratory condition such as emphysema ? finistirre roll he eye . ( what do you think ? ) a long pause , as Nick search through everything . the people in this room . the people watch on television . the people watch down from heaven . nick yes. 106 . finistirre look up in astonishment as the whole room suddenly bustles with energy . polly and Bobby jay exchange glance . nick in fact , I think you have be hard press to find someone who really believe that cigarettes be not potentially harmful . ( turn to audience ) I mean , show of hand ... lothridge Mr. naylor , there be no need for theatrics . nick I be sorry , I just do not see the point in a warning label for something people already know . Senator dupree from Michigan join in . dupree the warning symbol be a reminder of the danger of smoking cigarettes . nick well , if we want to remind people of danger , why do not we slap a skull and crossbone on all boe airplane , Senator lothridge ... we notice for the first time , lothridge 's name plate say ( D ) WASHINGTON . nick and all ford , Senator dupree . dupree 's name plate say ( R ) michigan . finistirre that 's just ridiculous . the death toll on passenger plane and car fatality do not even skim the surface of cigarettes . they do not even compare . nick oh , this from a Senator who call vermont , home . finistirre raise a eyebrow . 107 . lothridge I do not follow , Mr. naylor . nick well the real demonstrate number - one killer in America be cholesterol . still stare . Nick continue . nick and here come Senator finistirre , whose fine state be , I regret to say , clogging the nation 's artery with vermont cheddar cheese . if you want to talk number , how about the million of people die of heart attack . perhaps vermont cheddar should come with a skull and crossbone . finistirre you little ... lothridge cover finistirre 's mic so we do not hear the word , '' shit '' . finistirre be fume . lothridge cool he down . Nick look back at joey who give he the thumb up . lothridge Mr. naylor , we be here to discuss cigarettes . not any other product . now , as discuss earlier , this warning label be not for that who know , but rather for that who do not . what about the child ? nick gentlemen , it 's call education . it do not come off the side of a cigarette carton . it come from we teacher and more importantly we parent . it be every parent 's job to warn they child of all the danger of the world , include cigarettes . so one day , when they get older , they can make a educate choice . not to be corny , but that be what this country be suppose to be all about . some say it take a village to raise a child . I disagree . it take two parent . and sometimes , just one . Nick look back at he son . 108 . nick I look at my son today , and I can not help think of myself as responsible for he growth and he development . and I be proud of that . finistirre in that case , Mr. naylor , would you condone he smoking ? nick of course not , he 's not eighteen . that would be illegal . finistirre yes , I hear you deliver the same response on 20 / 20 . but enough dance . what about when he do turn eighteen ? Nick be momentarily speechless . finistirre come on Mr. naylor ? on you son 's eighteenth birthday , will you share a cigarette ? enjoy the afternoon like one of that sick tobacco advertisement ? you certainly have a lot to say on how we should raise we child . what of you own ? what will you do when he turn eighteen ? joey look to he father . Nick look up at the various senator . he take a breath . nick if he really want a cigarette ... i’1l buy he he first pack . joey smile proudly . finistirre rock back . finistirre thank you for you testimony , Mr. naylor . Nick nod and stand up to leave . as he do , many of the spectator stand to leave with he out into the ... 109 . int . MAIN foyer , capital build - day Nick , now surround by reporter , photographer , admirer , and detractor , try to make he way outside . somehow , the crowd separate momentarily and br squeeze in next to Nick . br well do , my boy ! Nick look over , confuse . my boy ? nick be you in the same room as I ? br the whole personal choice thing . they eat up that shit . we check the whip count the bill be go down in flame . you speech be ... unorthodox , but you do it ... you crush the fucker . nick that 's great news for you guy . br hey , now . we be still a team , right ? nick what about , '' damage control '' ? Nick and br stop at the MAIN door . the crowd still surround they . br ( level with he ) look , Nick . Winston - Salem be ready to do whatever it take to keep you on board ... Nick think for a moment , then smile . ext . the MAIN step , capital build - day Nick and he son joey stand on the main step , surround by reporter . joey look to he dad with pride . reporter 1 Nick , will you continue to fight for cigarettes ? br enter and put he arm around Nick . 110 . br of course he will ! this man here be we general . we be not go to just let he retire . reporter 2 be that correct , Nick ? you be stick with tobacco ? nick ( smile , then ... ) smoke be a personal freedom that be enjoy by countless Americans , and although I can not smoke anymore due to my injurious kidnap , I believe in protect all freedom ... meanwhile , as Nick continue , we take a look at joey . he 's so proud of he dad . so proud , that he open a pack of marlboro reds and pull out a cigarette . he take it between he finger and raise it to he twelve year old lip . out of the corner of Nick 's eye , he see he son about to lock onto a cigarette . and before Nick can stop himself , he arm whip down and slap the cigarette out of he son 's mouth . we see this repeat through the eye of the camera : c- span - slap ! MSNBC - slap ! CNN - slap ! CBS - slap ! the cigarette fly through the air in super slo - Mo as : camera man smile . videotape roll . a satellite circle the Earth . controller in a tv studio switch to camera a . multiple television broadcast the event in a window of a electronics shop in Tokyo . and of course ... br 's eye bulge in horror . 111. and then : the cigarette hit the ground . nothing big . just drop . p.o.v . - one of the tv camera . slightly shaky close - up of the cigarette sit on the Capital step . it look pathetic . nick ( v.0 . ) my father give I one word of advice before he die : prioritize . fade out . nick ( v.0 . ) so , what happen to a guy a like I ? I know what you be probably think ... Close of a pair of loafer stand on the ledge of a skyscraper . one foot step out over the edge , then freeze . nick ( v.0 . ) no , nothing like that . in fact , not much have change . ext . little league baseball game - day nick ( v.0 . ) the mod squad still meet every week . we find Nick , Bobby jay , and polly sit in the stand . joey catch a long fly ball in right field . the mod squad scream in celebration as joey 's team run to the dugout . int . access hollywood interview - day nick ( v.0 . ) Senator finistirre be still fight for he cause . finistirre be interview by a plastic hollywood interviewer . finistirre movie be ruin we child . every time they see a actor engage in violence , casual sex , or smoking , they lose a year on they childhood . hollywood interviewer what 's you favorite movie ? 112. finistirre well you can not mess with a classic . I love West side Story . hollywood interviewer do not that have violence , casual sex , and smoking ? finistirre fume . ext . apartment build - evening nick ( v.0 . ) even Heather be still report . Heather and a camera man for some expose show stand outside a New York brownstone . Sean Penn step out the front door . heather Sean , be it true ...? Penn punch she in the face , leveling she to the ground . ext . little league baseball game - day Nick be lose in he thought . nick ( v.0 . ) not much change at all . polly Nick , Bobby jay have some big news . nick you be able to knock the spot owl off of the endangered species list ? bobby jay ( complete sincerity ) yes . nick wow , I can finally go kill myself a spot owl . bobby jay you could kill ten spot owl . the mod squad clink they plastic coke cup in celebration . 113 . nick ( v.0 . ) nothing change at all . even at my new job ... int . board room - unknown company - day Nick face three gentlemen in nice suit . nick so , be straight with I . be it true ? obvious embarrassment and confusion around the table . gentlemen 1 it could be . gentlemen 2 well , we do not quite know that . it 's complicated . gentlemen 3 very few case , really . nick look , gentleman . practice this word in front of a mirror : ' although we be constantly explore the subject , currently , there be no direct evidence that link cell phone usage to brain cancer . 's the gentleman smile to each other . they have find they man . push into Nick . he look straight at camera and smile . nick ( v.0 . ) Michael Jordan play ball . Charles Manson kill people . I talk . black nick ( v.0 . ) everyone have a talent .