the reader by David Hare base on the novel by Bernhard schlink int . michael 's apartment . berlin . day . credit 1995 . a modern apartment , all cool and glass . michael berg be prepare breakfast , lay the table for two . he be 51 , dark - haire , saturnine . he be do everything with deliberate quietness , take the occasional glance towards the bedroom to check he 's not make too much noise . he be boil a egg , which he take out of boil water and put on a sparkling clean plate . michael put the yolk - stain egg - cup and plate into the sink , he breakfast eat , then , as noiseless as he can , turn on the tap to run water . the bedroom door open , and brigitte come out , naked . she 's attractive , young . the credit end . brigitte you do not wake I . michael you be sleep . brigitte you let I sleep because you can not bear to have breakfast with I . it 's half - serious . michael do not react . michael nothing could be further from the truth . I boil you a egg . see ? michael produce a second boil egg in a cup , seemingly from nowhere , like a magician , and put it on the table . michael I have hardly have boil you a egg if I do not want to see you . tea or coffee ? brigitte have re-appear from the bedroom , now in a dress gown . she 's still half - serious . brigitte do any woman ever stay long enough to find out what the hell go on in you head ? michael smile to himself . brigitte what be you do tonight ? michael I be see my daughter . brigitte you daughter ? you have keep very quiet about she . michael have I ? she 's be abroad for a year . do you say tea ? int . michael 's apartment . berlin . day michael kiss brigitte on the cheek as she depart . brigitte I be go . give my love to you daughter . he close the door , then turn to the open door of the bedroom . he look at the mess of last night 's love-make . then he go to the window and look out . a yellow U - bahn go by . int . tram . day . December 1958 . michael , now 15 , be sit on a tram . he be in a well - cut suit he 's inherite , ill-fitting , with two - tone shoe and tangle mop of hair . sweat break out all over he face . a woman be stare at he . he 's plainly feel ill . int . michael 's apartment . day 1995 . michael stand at the window , look out . int . tram . day 1958 . impulsively michael get up , ring the bell and get off at the next stop . int . michael 's apartment . day 1995 . michael close the window . ext . banhofstrasse . day 1958 . it have come on to rain . michael be walk along the street , look more and more sickly . there be a archway lead to a courtyard , and impulsively he dart inside to get out of the rain . he begin to vomit . opposite he be a wood workshop open to the yard . a uniform tram conductress walk past . michael be body be turn away , he face invisible , he hand over he mouth . she put down she ticket machine on the pavement and seize he by the arm . hanna hey . hey ! hanna schmitz have ash - blonde hair and be in she mid-thirty . she disappear . he 's sick again . she reappear with a bucket of water to sluice down the pavement . she wipe he face down with a wet cloth . then she fill another bucket . hanna hey , kid . hey . michael I be sorry . I be sorry . effortlessly , hanna take michael in she arm . she hold he head against she breast . michael bury himself and slowly he stop sobbing . then he lift he head . hanna where do you live ? ext . STREET . day hanna and michael walk at a fair pace along a street , dot with the scaffold of new building . hanna be carry he satchel , she be pull he by the arm . ext . blumenstrasse . day they come up the road . it be now snow . michael stop outside he block , as if nervous she might come in . michael it 's here . i’1ll be fine now . thank you . hanna look after yourself . michael smile ' thank you 's and go in . hanna be leave alone . she look round , frown , then set off , stop uncertainly at the crossroad to check for the way she come . michael turn and watch , curious at she indecision . int . berg apartment . blumenstrasse . night carla berg be at the stove in the kitchen . she take dinner through for the berg family , at a round table ina traditional apartment , under a five - candle brass chandelier . michael be father , peter , be a bald , abstract man , eat in oppressive silence . next to he , he older brother thomas , 18 , he older sister , angela , and he young sister , emily . michael have he book in front of he , not touch he food . carla I be worried about he . he look terrible . peter the boy 's say he do not need a doctor . emily he do . michael I do not need a doctor . peter good then . carla look reproachful . carla Peter . peter we be not go to argue about this . people have to take responsibility for they own life . int . bedroom . berg apartment . day michael be lie in a single bed , he face violently inflame . carla be with the doctor , a much older man . doctor remind I , how old be you now ? carla Michael 's fifteen . doctor it 's scarlet fever . he will be in bed for several month . at least . michael turn into the pillow , a wet patch beneath he head . delusional with fever , he sense a presence at the door . he turn . it 's emily . but at once carla 's arm pull she away . carla keep away . he 's contagious . they vanish . the door close . in the corridor the doctor be hear . doctor burn the sheet . complete isolation . and three month be the minimum . int & ext . berg apartment . day 1959 . a sunny day in March . michael 's bed have be move beside open window so he can profit from the weak sun . he be sit up , work on he stamp collection . carla be move round behind he , tidy the room . carla how be you feel ? michael better . by the way , I mean to tell you , the day I get ill ... a woman help I . a woman in the street . carla she help you ? michael yes . she bring I home . carla do you have she address ? ext . banhofstrasse . day michael be stand hold a small bunch of flower . he be look puzzle at a row of bell with number only . the woodyard be busy . workmen come out of the building . int . stair & landing . banhofstrasse . day michael come up the stairwell , once grand , now in decay - green linoleum and fade red paint . the sound of a sentimental song at the open door of a small apartment . Inside , hanna be irone in a sleeveless smock , blue with red flower . her hair be fastened in a clip . she look at hima moment . hanna come in . int . hanna 's apartment . day the flat be without decoration , a enfilade of small room . a stove , a sink , a tub , a boiler , a table , a few wooden chair . there be no window , just a balcony door to let light into the room . hanna carry on irone . michael I bring you this flower . to say thank you . hanna put they down there . michael put they beside the sink . hanna have a blanket and a cloth over the table : nothing disturb she rhythm , as she iron one piece of laundry after another , then fold it and put it over one of the chair . michael I would have come earlier , but I have be in bed for three month . hanna you be better now ? michael thank you . hanna have you always be weak ? michael oh no . I have never be ill before . it 's incredibly boring . there 's nothing to do . I could not even be bother to read . hanna carry on irone . he be become as comfortable with the silence as she be . she start irone a pair of knicker . he watch she bare arm move back and forth . she look broad - plane , strong . she be at peace with be watch . she put one pair of knicker down , then do another . then she upend the iron . hanna I have to go to work . i’1l walk with you . wait in the hall while I change . michael go out into the hall . the kitchen door be slightly open . hanna take off she smock and stand in a green slip . her stocking be hang over the back of a chair . she pick one up , roll it , smooth it up over she calf and knee , then attaches it to she suspender . she reach for the other . the flesh be bare between she leg . michael watch , rivete . hanna seem oblivious . but as she be about to put the second stock on , she look at he . she drop she dress , and straighten , hold she stare . in response , he blushes , then panic and run out of the flat . the door slam . int . stair . day michael run down the stair in terror and shame , and out the front door . ext . courtyard . day the workmen look up , curious , as michael fly by , slamm the outer door . int . bedroom . dawn michael be lie in bed . he look up at the sound of a tram go by outside . ext . STREET . dawn the tram make its way along the quiet street . int . bedroom . dawn michael get out of bed and quickly get dress . int . tram . day michael , read a book , watch unobserve , fascinate as hanna collect ticket . she call out the name of the next stop . she do not see he as she work . ext . banhofstrasse . day michael be stand on the other side of the street from hanna 's courtyard . he be in two mind about whether to go in . the woodworkers be load a van . he wait for they to finish before he slip in through the archway , make he way to the stair . int . landing . hanna 's apartment . day michael be sit on the step of the first landing . then , as if from nowhere , hanna be suddenly stand behind he , in uniform , carry a box of coal in one hand , a scuttle in the other . she look tired but not surprised to see he . hanna there be two more bucket downstairs . you can fill they and bring they up . hanna walk straight past he . for a moment he tense as if there might be some contact . but she go by . int . cellar . day michael open the door . he turn on a dim light . there be a flight of wooden stair into the murk of a huge pile of coke , pour in from the street . he go down to the bottom , and pick up a bucket . he dig in to the coke , and at once it come tumble down on he in a cloud of dust . int . hanna 's apartment . day hanna be at the kitchen table , drink a glass of milk . she have take off she jacket and loosen she tie . michael come in with the two bucket of coal , he face and clothes filthy . she roar with laughter , full - throat . hanna you look ridiculous , look at you , kid . michael see himself in the mirror , but she have already get up , go towards the tub in the corner of the kitchen . hanna you can not go home like that . give I you clothes , I ’1ll run you a bath . hanna open the tap . there 's a boiler , and steaming hot water come out . michael take off he sweater , then stop . hanna what , do you always take a bath in you trousers ? hanna take he sweater and go to open the balcony door . he undress . she put he sweater on the balcony rail . hanna it 's all right , I will not look . on the contrary , she turn and walk straight towards he . michael be naked . hanna take he clothes from the chair . he get into the bath . she go to the balcony . in the bath , he submerges himself . hanna go out and shake he clothes out in the open air . when he come up from under the water , she be lay he clothes back on the chair . she pick up the shampoo and hand it to he . hanna wash you hair , I nil get you a towel . michael wash he hair , then submerges again . when he come back up , hanna be hold out a large towel . he get out , turn away to hide he erection . from behind , she wrap he body and rub he dry . then she let the towel fall . she put she body against he back , and he realise she 's naked . he turn and face she . hanna so . that 's why you come back . michael look at she , awed . michael you be so incredibly beautiful . hanna now , kid , you know that 's not true . at once she put she arm round he and they kiss . michael go down onto the floor , hanna on top of he . all the time , she 's stare into he eye . he can not take it . he close he eye and , about to come , begin to scream . she put she hand over he mouth to smother the noise . int . dine room . berg apartment . night the family be half - way through they meal . michael be sit watch they eat , think about he lovemake with hanna . peter you have inconvenience you mother . michael how many more time ? I have say I be sorry . peter you scared she . michael it 's hardly my fault , I get lose , that 's all . that 's why I be late . can I have some more ? he reach for more stew . thomas go on eat , a look of contempt on he face , too superior to engage in this . 10 . emily how can anyone get lose in they own home town ? michael the doctor tell I I have to take walk . emily so ? michael I mean to head for the castle , I end up at the sport - field . emily they be in opposite direction . michael it 's none of you business . emily he 's lie . carla he 's not lie . Michael never lie . carla smile benignly . emily know she 's right . they all eat on for a few moment . michael dad , I have decide , I want to go back to school tomorrow . carla the doctor say you need another three week . michael well I be go . carla Peter ? peter if he want to go back , then he must . michael can not breathe , as if some decisive moment in he life have be reach . peter be look at he , seem to know what 's go on . 11. ext . school . day a massive brownstone building . the whole school be come out , but michael be first , in a desperate hurry , wave goodbye to he friend and run quickly away . int . stair & landing . banhofstrasse . day michael come quickly up the stair . the door of hanna 's apartment be ajar . he push it open . int . hanna 's apartment . day hanna be at the sink . michael come in , precipitate , tear off he clothes and embrace she at the same time . he drop he trousers and lift she onto the sink . he come in about twenty second . he stand sweat . hanna all right , kid , it 's not just about you . int . hanna' apartment . day they be on the bed . he be lie underneath she . hanna lead he hand to she face , then down she body . she begin to move , and in response , he move too . he watch awed as she come . int . hanna' apartment . day hanna have fall asleep on michael be chest . he be awake , look at the birthmark on she leave shoulder . the sound of the wood yard below . he kiss the birthmark . she stir . michael what 's you name ? she open she eye . a look of suspicion . hanna what ? michael you name . hanna why do you want to know ? michael I have be here three time . you have not tell I you name . 12 . michael wait a moment . hanna it 's hanna . what 's yours , kid ? michael Michael . hanna Michael . hmm . so I be with a Michael . hanna smile , as if there be something funny about it . michael ' hanna 's . int . classroom . school . day a teacher , in he sixty , have scrawle the word ' odysseus 's , ' hamlet 's and ' faust 's on the blackboard . the class of boy be attentive . next to he , he friend holger schluter . across the way , rudolf . teacher the notion of secrecy be central to western literature . you may say the whole idea of character in fiction be define by people hold specific information which for various reason - sometimes perverse , sometimes noble - they be determine not to disclose . michael look content . the bell go . int . corridor . school . day the boy come pour out cheerfully into the corridor and head to the next classroom . michael be demeanour have change . there 's a knowingness , a swagger , a confidence which be new . michael linger for a moment , then slope off in the opposite direction , alone . ext . school . day michael come out the back door of the school , unobserve , climb over the railing and start to run down the street . int . hanna 's apartment . eve later . dark. michael be almost asleep , hanna awake . 13. hanna you never tell I what you have be study . michael study ? hanna at school . do you learn language ? michael yes. hanna what language ? michael Latin . hanna say something in Latin . michael oh ... michael think a moment . michael quo , quo scelesti ruitis ? aut cur dexteris aptantur ense conditi ? michael smile slightly . michael it 's Horace . hanna it 's wonderful . michael do you want some Greek ? michael grin , pleased to be able to do something . he go and get he satchel . hanna turn on a light . michael oi man ippeon stroton oi de pesedon oi da naon phais epi gan malainan emmenai kalliston , ego de ken otto tis eratai . hanna it 's beautiful . 14 . michael how can you tell ? how do you know when you have no idea what it mean ? hanna look at he a moment . hanna what about in german ? michael in german ? hanna do you have anything ? michael well , I be write a essay . it 's about a play . by a writer call gotthold ephraim lessing . perhaps you have hear of he ? hanna make no reaction . michael the play 's call emilia galotti . hanna have you get it ? michael reach down to the satchel and pull out a book . michael here . you can read it . hanna I have rather listen to you . there be a silence as michael absorb the idea . michael all right . I be not very good . michael grin , embarrassed , then open the book . michael Act one . scene one . the set one of the prince 's chamber . Prince - '' complaint , nothing but complaint , petition , nothing but petition . for goodness 's sake , just imagine that people actually envy we . '' 15 . int . kitchen . night later . they be in the bath together . hanna take a piece of soap and run it lovingly down he cheek . then she pass the soap across he stomach . hanna you be good at it , be not you ? michael good at what ? hanna reading . he smile . hanna why be you smile ? michael because I do not think I be good at anything . int . gymnasium . day michael be play handball with terrific physical confidence . a couple of bruise physical encounter . holger , rudolf and michael all laugh . the whistle blow . game over . ext . tram . dawn a empty tram move through the eerie early morning street . michael appear walk alongside it and get on . int . tram . dawn michael be sit in the second carriage . he look up . the conductress be hanna . at first , she do not notice he . michael watch , wait to be notice . she turn round and look at he . he smile in greeting but she make no acknowledgement at all . she turn away . he frown , bewilder . ext . tram . day the tram be head out of town . int . tram . day hanna be now talk animatedly to the driver . they be get on very well , laugh together and chat . michael be still by himself in the second carriage , look foolish . 16 . ext . tram . day the tram come to a halt and passengers get on . int . tram . day hanna be now in the busy second carriage , collect ticket . michael look up expectantly . but as he hold up he ticket , hanna make no reaction except to clip it . she turn away without speak . the tram come to a halt again , and michael , humiliate , bolt for the door . ext . road . day michael watch the tram disappear up the hill . he look around , lose , in the middle of nowhere . a tractor go by , worker head to the field . michael set off to walk back to town . int . landing . hanna 's apartment . day michael be on the stair as hanna come up , in she uniform . michael what be all that about ? hanna let herself in , say nothing . int . hanna' apartment . day hanna have go in to put down she thing at the kitchen table . michael follow , desperate . michael I get up - at 4.30 - specially - it 's the first day of the holiday , I have be plan to surprise you - hanna poor little baby . get up at four thirty - and on you holiday too . michael what be this ? I be on you tram ! you totally ignore I ! what do you think I be do ? why the hell do you think I be there ? michael have yell in desperation . hanna look he straight in the eye . 17 . hanna I have not the slight idea . and what you do be you business not mine . hanna turn and move away . hanna and if you want to speak to I , I be in the first carriage . so why do you sit in the second ? hanna go to run a bath . hanna and now , thanks very much , I have be work , I need a bath . get out , I have like to be by myself . michael I do not mean to upset you . hanna you do not have the power to upset I . you do not matter enough to upset I . she take off she clothes to get in . as soon as she do , he get up and go into the other room . he sit by himself , miserable . he hear she , bathing . then finally get up and go back in . she be still in the bath . michael I do not know what to say . I have never be with a woman . we have be together four week and I can not live without you . I can not . even the think of it kill I . hanna look at he thoughtfully . michael I sit in the second carriage because I think you might kiss I . hanna kid , you think we could make love in a tram ? they smile . but michael have a more urgent question . 18 . michael be it true what you say ? that I do not matter to you ? in the bath , she shake she head . michael do you forgive I ? she nod . michael do you love I ? she look at he . then she nod . int . bedroom . hanna 's apartment . day michael be sit on the side of the bed . hanna come in , wrap in a towel . hanna do you have a book ? michael oh . well I do . I take something with I this morning . hanna what be it ? michael it 's another play . michael get it out of he pocket . hanna have lain down on the bed , completely content . hanna we be change the order we do thing . read to I first , kid . then we make love . michael sit at the foot of the bed and start to read . michael intrigue and Love , a play by friedrich schiller ... int . hanna 's apartment . day hanna be baking bread . michael be on a chair beside she with a book . he start 19 . michael the odyssey by Homer . hanna what 's a odyssey ? michael it 's a journey . he set out on a journey . to read . michael '' sing to I of the man , muse , the man of twist and turn drive time and again off course , once he have plunder the hallow height of Troy . many city of man he see and learn they mind , many pain he suffer , heartsick at the open sea , Fighting to save he life and bring he comrade home ... int . hanna 's apartment . eve hanna be in the bath . michael be read a Shakespeare sonnet to she . she pull michael '' and we will some new pleasure prove of golden sand and crystal brook , with silken light and silver hook ... '' hanna come here . he into the bath . int . hanna 's apartment . night hanna be sewing . michael be read huckleberry Finn . michael I poke into the place away and encounter a little open patch as big as a bedroom , all hang around with vine and find a man lie there asleep , and by jink it be my old Jim ... 20 . he start act out Jim , and the two of they collapse laugh . int . hanna 's apartment . day michael be at the bottom of the bed . hanna be lie inside . he be read Lady chatterley 's lover . michael '' Lady chatterley feel he naked flesh against she as he come into she . for a moment he be still inside she ... hanna this be disgusting . where do you get this ? michael I borrow it from someone at school . hanna you should be ashamed . go on . int . hanna 's apartment . eve michael read tin-tin to hanna , who be lie on the bed . they be both look at the picture . michael ' blister barnacle and a thunder typhoon . it be water . 's ' but what on earth do you expect it to be ? 's hanna Whisky . michael Whisky ! by thunder , whisky . ' Whisky ? come now captain , you can not be serious . 's hanna all right , kid , that 's enough for today . they fall back onto the bed . 21 . michael I be wonder , do you think you could get some time off ? maybe we could go for a trip . hanna what sort of trip ? michael I have love to go bicycling . just for two day . michael reach for a book . michael I have get a guide-book . I have work out the route . look , what do you think ? hanna 's look be so far-away she do not seem to hear the question . silence . then : hanna I think you like plan , do not you ? she throw the book away and they begin to make love . int . bedroom . berg apartment . dawn first light . Dawn break outside the window . michael be work at he desk , the surface cover in stamp , he collection book open . he pick one with a pyramid on it and look at it . underneath , michael' voice read intrigue and Love by schiller . michael' voice '' I be not frighten . I be not frighten of anything . why should I be ? I welcome obstacle , because they 'il be like mountain I can fly over to be in you arm . the more I suffer , the more I 'il love ... int & ext . shop . day see from outside , a shop full of stamp . michael and a stamp dealer with white hair and a moustache . michael be offer he pyramid stamp , he gesture become desperate as the stamp dealer shake he head , clearly not give he as much as he hope . 22 . then michael concede , the dealer concede , and a bunch of note be hand across . michael run exhilated out into the street . michael' voice '' danger will only increase my love , it will sharpen it , it will give it spice . I will be the only angel you need . on this arm , luise , you will go dance through life . you will leave life even more beautiful than you enter it . Heaven will take you back and look at you and say ' only one thing can make a soul complete , and that thing be love . 's ext . hill . day hanna and michael be whizzing down a hill together on bicycle . he have a rucksack . it 's a rural paradise - hill on all side , a gleam river below , the sun shine brightly . she be wear a blue dress . ext . cafe . day they come to a cafe and sit down outside . they pick up the menus on the table . a waitress arrive . waitress so what would you like to have ? michael what be you have ? hanna you order . I will have what you have . michael start give the order . next to they be a group of boy scout , who be laugh among themselves . boy there 's sausage , sausage or sausage . give it to I , come on , give it here . let I have a look . you always have the same thing . they all laugh . hanna watch they nervously . ext . cafe . day the meal finish , michael be alone , pay the bill . waitress I hope you mother be happy . 23 . michael thank you . she enjoy she meal very much . the waitress go . hanna return from inside . michael hold out he arm to she , which she take . they walk away towards they bike . he be smile . michael look round , then dare to reach across and kiss she on the lip . the waitress watch . ext . church . day they get off they bike at a small church . michael stop and get out a map and a guide book . michael here , let I show you where we be go . hanna it 's ok , kid . I do not want to know . the sound of a choir from inside . int . church . day michael and hanna enter tentatively to find a choir rehearse bach . it be a traditional german scene - whole family sing together at the altar . hanna be transport , entrance at the sound of the music . michael watch . ext . riverside . day hanna be in a river , the water up to she calve , she skirt tie round she thigh . she be completely absorb . then she look up , aware of be watch . michael be sit with a notebook . hanna what be you do ? michael I be write a poem . about you . hanna can I hear it ? michael it 's not ready . I will read it to you one day . 24 . int . michael' apartment . berlin . day 1995 . michael , now 51 , be stand by he desk . he open a drawer . he take out the recognizable notebook . he open its yellowing page and look at the poetry . then flip the page , to some handwritten list - the word ' odyssey 's , ' schnitzler 's , ' chekhov’ , ' Zweig 's with number beside they . michael flap it shut , put it back and turn to go out . int . STREET . day michael leave he apartment block . he get into he black mercede . int . car . day michael be listen on the radio to the same bach music they hear in the church . he drive through the thriving modern city . Beyond , the huge crane and gouge - out building site of a city under construction . ext . STREET . day michael swing he car into place . he get out and head across the road , prosperous , purposeful . int . lobby . courthouse . day a assistant meet michael with he robe which he pull on as he walk quickly through a elaborate lobby . gerhard bade , also in he fifty , also robe , fall in step . gerhard you all right , Michael ? michael I be fine . gerhard you would better hurry . you know what she 's like . a robe assistant be wait outside the door with document he hand to michael . they all go in . int . courtroom . day michael join he client , just second before the female judge come in and everyone stand . silence . the judge look at michael disapprovingly , sense he lateness . everyone sit . michael sit , think back . 25 . int . stairway . school . day 1958 . a sheriff 's posse of sixteen - year old girl , come laugh , blush towards the classroom . one of they be talk excitedly to the other . sophie I be just go to pretend I have be here for year , I be not go to behave in any special way . girl you just wait . you wait and see . they smile together and head for the classroom . int . school . day the boy be already in place , dot round , as the girl come in . there be cry of ' here they come 's . then the teacher come in . teacher good morning , lady . gentlemen , please welcome you new fellow - student , treat they with courtesy , please . not far from michael , a girl sit across the aisle , virginal with brown hair , brown summer skin . sophie hello . my name 's Sophie . michael I be Michael . the teacher come in . the class quieten . int . school . day later . the teacher be in full flow . michael can not take he eye off sophie . teacher everyone believe that Homer 's subject be homecome . in fact , the odyssey be a book about a journey . Home be a place you dream of , it 's not a place you ever attain . the teacher break off . 26 . teacher berg , I do not mean to distract you , but we be mean to study Homer , not study Sophia . the whole class crack up . michael blushes . ext . swimming lake . day michael be rivete as sophie swim fast and lithe through the water . around he , young people be loung round on towel . it 's the social centre . holger and rudolf be rub they hair with towel as sophie approach . holger Michael the water 's fantastic . michael it 's wonderful , be not it ? holger wonderful . it 's go to be a great summer . michael look across to where a group of AMERICANS be shouting and play a very loud game of volleyball . holger now the Americans have allow we back in we own lake . sophie why be they so loud ? holger you should see they store . they have everything . michael oh sure . everything mankind could ever dream of . sophie you do not like Americans ? michael just it 's more fun without they . he look sophie straight in the eye . there be a sudden silence , michael look straight at sophie . sophie look down . then michael move slightly to pack up he stuff . 27 . sophie why do you leave early ? holger he always leave early . ext . banhofstrasse . day michael be cycle back towards town , a smile on he face . int . hanna' apartment . day michael fly up the stair , then go in . hanna be sit sewing . he kiss she on the cheek as he get out a book . michael I be sorry I be late . I be hold up at school . at once he sit down opposite she . a ritual . michael the Lady with the Little dog. by Anton chekhov . hanna look , see right through he . michael '' the talk be that a new face have appear on the promenade , a lady with a little dog . '' int . garage . day a huge tram - shed full of empty tram . hanna be at the end of the garage , talk to the superviser , a large man in he fifty . superviser schmitz , one moment . we have get good news for you . you work be good , we be go to promote you . to work with I in the office . it 's more money . congratulation . he move away . hanna look distraught . ext . swimming lake . day michael be watch sophie swim , a look of anxiety in he eye , when holger touch he shoulder . 28 . holger get a move on , we be leave early today . michael why ? what for ? holger we be go back to Sophie 's . it 's you birthday . we be give you a party . holger and rudolf disappear to get dress . sophie appear in she swim costume . sophie come on , it 's a surprise . we think you have like it . we have be plan it for week . michael I be sorry . really . I promise someone I have do something else . the other be furious with he . they all go off . ext . STREET . day michael be cycle towards hanna 's apartment , he hair wet from the lake , look equally unhappy . int . hanna 's apartment . day hanna be sit unhappily as michael read to she . they be both in a bad mood . hanna oh kid , kid . stop . michael what 's wrong ? hanna nothing 's wrong . it 's nothing . hanna just shrug . she go and sit at the table to drink tea . michael be irritate . michael you never ask , you never bother to ask how I be . 29 . hanna you never say . michael it just happen to be my birthday . it 's my birthday , that 's all . in fact , you have never even ask when it be . hanna look if you want a fight , kid ... michael no , I do not want a fight . what 's wrong with you ? hanna what business be it of yours ? she have snap at he , razor-like . michael it 's always on you term . everything . we do what you want . it 's always what you want . my friend be give I a party ! hanna well then why be you here ? go back to you party . be not that what you want ? hanna put down she cup , angry . she go into the bedroom and slam the door . he sit , the magic of the day go . he get up and open the bedroom door . hanna be on the bed . michael and it 's always I that have to apologize . silence . hanna let time go by . then hanna you do not have to apologize . no - one have to apologize . no - one can make you . hanna reach for a book from beside the bed . she throw it down on the cover . hanna War and peace , kid . 30 . int . hanna 's apartment . day hanna be on the edge of the bath , run water . she have a pale blue flower smock . she be run with sweat . the smock stick to she . michael get out a book . hanna drop lavender oil into the bath . michael stand in the bath and she wash he body . int . hanna 's apartment . day they be make love on the bed . it 's intense . at one point she move on top of he . she hold he head between she hand , as if she would crush the life out of he . then she let go . int . hanna' apartment . day they be both sweat , exhaust . she look a moment . hanna now you must go back to you friend . int . hanna 's apartment . day michael have go . hanna wash out milk bottle and empty they into the sink . then she pick up she luggage and leave the empty apartment . ext . swimming lake . day michael be sit on the pier watch as holger , rudolf and sophie swim competitively out to a pontoon , then turn back , full of energy and high spirit . michael watch for a while , then suddenly he get up and start to run away from they all . sophie Michael . you all right ? but michael be run away across the lakeside beach . int . landing & hanna 's apartment . dusk michael open the door . he go in . the apartment be emptied , the rent furniture in place , all trace of hanna go . he look round . he look at the empty bath , the tap above it . he open the kitchen cupboard - some coffee , sugar , that 's about it . he go into the bedroom , the bed stripped bare . he lie down on the bed . 31 . int . hanna 's apartment . night michael lie on the bed , curl up , in he clothes , like a foetus , asleep . int . apartment . day the family at breakfast . michael slip quietly in the main door , try to go to he room without be hear . emily run to look . emily it 's he . sheepishly michael appear . carla where be you last night ? what happen ? michael I stay at a friend 's . peter carla . peter look . he seem to know exactly what 's be go on . peter get the boy something to eat . I think we all know you have come back to we eventually . ext . swimming lake . dusk michael be alone in the desert pool . he be on the jetty . he take off he clothes and slip into the water . just he head , like a seal 's , at one end , just out of the water , quite still . int . courthouse . night 1995 . michael sit alone , think back . ext . swimming lake . dusk 1958 . the sun slant , and for a few second the water dazzle . he slip he head under . int . courthouse . day 1995 . michael still sit thoughtfully by himself in the empty court . then he look up . a assistant have appear . 32 . assistant Mr berg . it be eight o'clock . you daughter . michael thank you . he get up . int . brasserie . berlin . night julia be already at the table in a chic modern brasserie . she be a sympathetic young woman of around 23 . michael approach . when she see he , she get up . julia I be early . michael lean in and kiss she on the cheek . michael Julia . they be uneasy . she look a moment , then they sit down . michael welcome back . int . restaurant . night later . they have eat . they both have big glass of red wine . it 's more relaxed . michael so how will you decide ? julia I do not know . I be happy back in Berlin , I suppose . michael you have see you mother ? julia nod . julia I want to get away . there be nothing more to it . it be Paris , but it could have be anywhere . michael away from you parent ? 33. julia do not answer . michael I be aware I be difficult . I be not always open with you . I be not open with anyone . julia I know you be distant . I would always assume it be my fault . michael Julia . how wrong can you be ? julia colour , on the verge of tear . then she look away . int & ext . car . night they drive through the gleam street . it 's be raining - Berlin be glisten . they voice : michael I admit it now , I be nervous . julia I be nervous too . it 's silly be not it ? michael it be silly . julia thank you for dinner . michael I will see you very soon . ext . car . day michael let julia out , and be watch she safely to she door from the car . julia good night , dad . michael suddenly get out himself . michael Julia , wait . I want to ask you a favour . julia what favour ? 34 . michael I want to take you on a trip . I want to show you something . julia when ? michael tomorrow , maybe . can I pick you up in the car ? julia do not need to say anything . michael at ten , say . julia smile . michael then good . michael hug she , he heart aching with love . julia go in to she place . michael be leave stand still in the plaza outside , not move . underneath the sound of what follow , thirty year previously . int . lecture room . heidelberg law school . day 1966 . a woman lecturer have a class of about 75 student . from they hair , they dress , it could only be the 1960s . lecturer that of you for the special seminar group on the legal system in the third Reich , please stay on in this room . Professor rohl will be here in a moment . nearly all the student leave , talk among themselves . just eight be leave , dot around the huge room . michael be one of they , now 22 , in a corduroy jacket and tie . there be a lull . michael look round at the group of oddball , then find rohl , distinguished , grey , be already in front of they . rohl well , we seem to be quite a small group . a small group and a select one . clearly , this be go to be a unique seminar . let I start by thanking that of you who have choose to take part . good for you . a read list , gentleman . ( more ) 35 . rohl ( cont would ) Karl jasper , the question of german guilt ... a calm student with long hair smile at michael . she look like francoise hardy . she murmur . marthe and lady . int . student dig . night michael be work alone at he desk , a light on . the door of he extremely modest student dig be open . marthe appear at the door , silently . he look up . marthe so this be where you be . michael yes . come in . but neither of they move . marthe just smile from the door . marthe you take work seriously . michael oh I do not know . marthe you be rather a serious boy . marthe shrug slightly . michael it 's how I be bring up . what about you ? be you serious ? marthe you be sure you want to work tonight ? michael well I do . but I will not work every night . marthe see you tomorrow . they smile at one another . she go . 36 . int . train . day the seminar group , long -haire , hippyish , be on the train : professor rohl , with marthe , dieter and a few other . michael catch martha 's eye . they smile . then he open the window , cheerful . ext . town hall . mannheim . day the student be have a cigarette in front of the huge building . two black van with bar window come by , carry prisoner . the first one veer close to michael on the pavement , then disappear into the inner courtyard . rohl smile at michael . michael why all the police ? rohl they be worried about demonstrator . michael for or against ? rohl both . int . town hall . day a courtroom have be improvise inside the town hall . there be large window , with milky glass , down the left-hand side . as rohl and the student arrive , the court be a melee of photographer , lawyer and public . the three judge be already in place , next to six select citizen . michael and the other take place in the gallery clerk all photographer be now ask to leave . the photographer go . judge the defendant , please . from be noisy and chaotic , the court be now silent . judge the first thing I be go to do be hear motion from each of the defendant 's lawyer . ( more ) 37 . judge ( cont would ) they be go to be argue that there 's no reason to keep the defendant in jail until the outcome of the forthcoming trial . dieter grin at michael in anticipation . judge I be go to take this case one by one . michael be lean down to get stuff out of he briefcase , as marthe shake a pen which be not work . michael do you want a pen ? marthe I have get a pen . so michael do not hear as the judge speak . judge hanna schmitz . there be a row of six defendant . the fifth woman be hanna , she hair tie in a knot , she gaze fixedly into the middle distance , not look towards the spectator . she be wear a grey dress with short sleeve . they all sit , sideways to the gallery . hanna rise to she foot . the word seem to come very quietly , across a great distance . judge you name be hanna schmitz ? hanna yes . it be only when the judge repeat the name that michael look up , hearing it for the first time . judge can you speak louder please ? hanna my name be hanna schmitz . michael be rigid , blank , just stare . judge thank you . you be bear on October 21st , 1922 ? 38 . hanna yes . judge at hermannstadt . and you be now 43 year old ? hanna yes . judge you join the ss in 1943 ? hanna yes . judge what be you reason ? what be you reason for join ? hanna do not answer . judge you be work at the siemen factory at the time ? hanna yes . judge you would recently be offer a promotion . why do you prefer to join the ss ? hanna have a defence counsel , a young man , beside she , who be about to get up . but the judge forestalls he . judge I will re-phrase my question . I be try to ascertain if she join the ss freely . of she own free will . everyone wait . judge well ? hanna I hear there be job . judge go on. 39 . hanna I be work at siemen when I hear the ss be recruiting . judge do you know the kind of work you would be expect to do ? hanna they be look for guard . I apply for a job . michael be intent now , so be the student beside he . judge and you work first at auschwitz ? hanna yes . judge until 1944 . then you be move to a smaller camp near cracow ? hanna yes . rohl lean into michael . rohl be you ok ? michael I be fine . judge you then help move the prisoner west in the winter of 1944 in the so-called death march ? int . train . day michael be hang out of the window of the train , smoking a cigarette . int . train . day michael sit down in he seat . rohl move to sit opposite he . rohl so what do you think ? 40 . michael I do not know . it be not quite what I expect . rohl be not it ? in what way ? what be you expect ? rohl be look at he . michael do not answer . dieter I think it be exciting . rohl excite ? dieter yes . rohl why ? why do you think it exciting ? dieter because it 's justice . ext . countryside . day the train hurtle through the german countryside . int . student dig . night a student party , in a candle - light room . marthe be sing to a guitar . it 's be go on for hour - the student be on the floor with beer and cigarettes . the front door be open . dieter , beer in hand , look out to the balcony where he can see michael bent away from they , all by himself . ext . student dig . night michael , he arm on the balcony , be smoking , look out into the night . his eye land on a student room in which a couple be make love . int . lecture room . heidelberg law school . day the small student group be now rattling around informally in the big lecture room . rohl I need to correct a impression . dieter say yesterday this be about justice . but be it ? ( more ) 41 . rohl ( cont would ) if it be about justice you might ask why have it take so long ? the war end twenty year ago . remember , there have be no significant trial between nuremburg in 1946 and the auschwitz trial a couple of year ago . that 's a long gap . what 's the reason for the gap ? rohl wait a moment for a student to answer . dieter I have have think it be obvious . rohl say . dieter cowardice . it 's cowardice , be not it ? it 's bad conscience . it 's the big cover -up . rohl go on . dieter after the war . the german people do not want to look at what they have do . rohl be that right ? dieter because they have too much to hide . all we parent be liar . all right , mine be . so it 's leave to we , be not it ? rohl how so ? dieter because we be not implicate . rohl be not you ? good . so that 's all right then . everyone laugh . 42 . marthe no , but seriously , dieter 's right . my parent , I can not even talk to they . I do not love they . how could I ? how could anyone love they ? because they have tell themselves so many lie , they can not remember the truth , let alone admit it . be not that why we sign up for this seminar ? rohl I do not know . you tell I . marthe speak for myself . rohl Michael ? michael I be not sure any more . rohl be stare at he thoughtfully . rohl what do you father do , dieter ? dieter if you want to know , he be in the waffen ss . there be some smile , but dieter ride over the reaction . dieter that 's what I mean , that 's what I be say . so be a million other Germans . rohl that 's exactly my point . that 's why it 's better not to pretend this be about justice . forgive I , nor be it about get into a emotional state . it have no purpose if it 's just the young give they parent a bad time . there 's a silence . that 's clearly why some of they be there . marthe so what be it about ? what do you think ? 43 . rohl society think they operate by something call morality . but they do not . they operate by something call law . you be not guilty of anything merely by work at auschwitz . 8,000 people work at auschwitz . precisely 19 have be convict , and only 6 for murder . to prove murder you have to prove intent . that 's the law . remember , the question be never ' be it wrong ? 's but ' be it legal ? 's and not by we law , no , by the law at the time . dieter frown , unhappy . dieter but be not that ... rohl what ? dieter narrow ? rohl yes . the law be narrow . rohl look unapologetic . rohl on the other hand , I suspect people who kill other people tend to be aware that it 's wrong . int . courtroom . mannheim . day rohl be lean forward , attentive . hanna be stand , opposite the judge , who hold up a book call mother & daughter : a story of survival . judge miss schmitz , you be familiar with this book ... hanna yes ... judge part of it have already be read out in court . ( more ) 44 , judge ( cont would ) it 's a american publication , which have be translate . it 's by a survivor , a prisoner who survive , ilana mather ... hanna yes I know . I know ilana mather . judge she be in the camp , be not she , when she be a child ? she be with she mother . the judge wait . hanna seem arrogant , defiant . judge in the book , she describe a selection process . at the end of the month 's labour , every month , sixty inmate be select . they be pick out to be send from the satellite camp back to auschwitz . that 's right , be not it ? hanna yes , it 's right . judge and so far , each of you fellow defendant have specifically deny be part of that process . now I be go to ask you . be you part of it ? hanna yes . there be a stir among the other defendant and in the court . they start talk to they lawyer . judge so you help make the selection ? hanna yes . judge you admit that ? then tell I , how do that selection happen ? hanna shrug slightly , as though it be obvious . 45 . hanna there be six guard , so we decide we would choose ten people each . that 's how we do it - every month . we have all choose ten . judge be you say you fellow defendant take part in the process ? hanna we all do . judge even though they have deny it ? but you admit it . you be say you take part in the process . the other defendant stir with animosity , but the judge be intent , follow he own line . he wait . judge do you not realise you be send this woman to they death ? hanna nod slightly . hanna yes but there be new arrival , new woman be arrive all the time , so of course we have to move some of the old one on . judge I be not sure you understand ... hanna we could not keep everyone . there be not room . the judge frown , genuinely surprised that she do not seem to understand he point . judge no , but what I be say : let I rephrase : to make room , you be pick woman out and say ' you you and you have to be send back to be kill . 's 46 . hanna well , what would you have do ? hanna be look at the judge - a perfectly straight question . michael smile slightly , proud of she . everyone in the court wait for the judge to answer . silence . rohl be impassive . but hanna follow she own thought . she quietly ask herself a question . hanna so should I never have sign up at siemen ? int . lobby . town hall . day michael be alone , smoking . on a bench , side by side , be two woman . one be very small , dark , in she sixty . the other be compose , formidable , elegant , in she thirty . rose and ilana mather . they look up , catch michael 's eye . then a clerk lean in to the young woman . clerk Ms. mather , they be ready for you now . the two woman go into the court . the door close . int . lobby & courtroom . day michael be alone in the now - desert lobby , unwilling to go back . then he go to the door . he open it a little . the sound of the trial . he open the door fully . michael can see that it be ilana who be testify . the court be conspicuously pack . large black - and -white photograph of the labour camp now dominate the room . michael come quietly into the back of the room as the trial go on . michael have push past a couple of people to sit down near rose who be sit in the body of the court . he look across to the defendant . rita beckhart , a large older woman , be one of a couple who be not bother to listen . prosecutor in you book you describe the process of selection ... ilana yes . you be make to work and then , when you be no longer any use to they , then they send you back to auschwitz to be kill . 47 . prosecutor be there people here today who make that selection ? ilana yes . prosecutor I need you to identify they . can you please point they out ? ilana point with she finger at the defendant . ilana her . and she . and she . and she . and she . and she . the last finger have be to hanna . michael watch , but hanna do not react . ilana each of the guard would choose a certain number of woman . hanna schmitz choose differently . judge in what way differently ? ilana she have favourite . Girls , mostly young . we all remark on it , she give they food and place to sleep . in the evening , she ask they to join she . we all think - well , you can imagine what we think . hanna stare back , impassive . michael watch . ilana then we find out - she be make this woman read aloud to she . they be read to she . at first we think this guard , this guard be more sensitive , she 's more human , she 's kinder . often she choose the weak , the sick , she pick they out , she seem to be protect they almost . but then she dispatch they . be that kinder ? hanna look back , not apologize . 48 . int . lobby . town hall . day michael sit alone , head in hand , in despair . int . courtroom . day now rose be testify . the court be quiet , focus . judge I want to move on now to the march . as I understand it , you and you daughter be march for many month . rose yes . it be the winter of 1944 . we camp be close down , we be tell we have to move on . but the plan keep change every day . woman be die all around we in the snow . half of we die on the march . my daughter say in the book , less a death march , more a death gallop . michael look along the row to where ilana be now sit . judge please tell we about the night in the church . michael watch as rose look across to ilana . ilana stare back at she . michael watch the exchange as rose nod , as if accept she must go ahead and speak . rose that night we actually think we be lucky because we have a roof over we head . we have arrive ina village , as always , the guard take the best quarter , they take the priest 's house . but they let we sleep in a church . there be a bombing raid . in the middle of the night . at first we could only hear the fire , it be in the steeple . then we could see burn beam , and they begin to crash to the floor . everyone rush , rush to the door . but the door have be lock on the outside . 49 . judge the church burn down ? nobody come to open the door ? be that right ? rose nobody . judge even though you be all burn to death ? rose nod . judge how many people be kill ? rose everyone be kill . judge how do you survive ? rose I need to get away from the other woman . because they be panic , they be scream . I could not stand it . I could not stand they scream . I be more frighten of the other woman than I be of the fire . so I too my daughter and lead she to the upper floor . I can not defend what I do . it 's impossible to defend . I take ilana in my arm and I lead she towards the fire . there be a small gallery at the side of the church on the upper level . it save we life . the gallery do not burn . rose turn , in tear , to look at ilana . judge thank you . I want to thank you for come to this country today to testify . int . lecture room . law school . day the group be back in the big hall . but the atmosphere be grim . it 's a while before dieter speak . 50 . dieter I do not know . I do not know what we be do any more . rohl do not you ? dieter you keep tell we to think like lawyer , but there 's something disgusting about this . rohl be very still , like a analyst who be finally lead he patient to the heart of thing . rohl how so ? dieter this do not happen to the Germans . it happen to the Jews . everyone be shocked at he violent passion . dieter what be we try to do ? michael we be try to understand . dieter six woman lock three hundred Jews in a church , and let they burn . what be there to understand ? tell I , I be ask : what be there to understand ? michael can not answer . dieter get up , outrage now . dieter I start out believe in this trial , I think it be great , now I think it 's just a diversion . rohl yes ? diversion from what ? dieter you choose six woman , you put they on trial , you say ' they be the evil one , they be the guilty one 's . brilliant ! ( more ) 51 . dieter ( cont would ) because one of the victim happen to write a book ! that 's why they be on trial and nobody else . do you know how many camp there be in Europe ? dieter turn , furious . dieter people go on about how much do everyone know ? ' who know ? 's ' what do they know ? 's that be not the question . the question be ' how could you let it happen ? 's and - better - ' why do not you kill yourself when you find out ? 's one of the group walk out . dieter thousands ! that 's how many . there be thousand of camp . everyone know . dieter 's passion be so great that everyone be shake . dieter look at that woman ... michael which woman ? dieter the woman you be always stare at . I be sorry but you be . michael be white . the atmosphere be electric . michael I do not know which woman you mean . dieter you know what I have do ? put the gun in my hand , I have shoot she myself . ext . empty road . day michael walk along a empty wood road , mile from anywhere . the sun be shine through the tree behind he . 52 . ext . struthof camp . day the wire fence of a concentration camp , desert . michael , with a back - pack , go alone through the metal gate . michael walk among the desert empty hut . int . struthof camp . day Inside one of the hut , michael be by himself stare at a line of empty bed . he move on , overwhelm , lose . he pass through the shower . then he come to a room with vast metal cage on either side . in the cage , the countless dusty shoe of the exterminate . int . struthof camp . day michael open a door and walk into a room with a line of gas oven . he walk past they . then he stand beside they , he head down . int . courtroom . day hanna be stand be examine by the judge . large photograph and map of the village , with the lay - out of the church , be now on display . judge why do you not unlock the door ? he wait . hanna do not reply . judge why do you not unlock the door ? the judge turn to the row of defendant . judge I have ask all of you and I be get no answer . two of the victim be in this court . they deserve a answer . ilana and rose be not far away from michael and the student . the judge put down a bound handwritten document . judge here , this be the ss report . you all have copy . there be a flurry of paperwork among the defendant and lawyer as they turn to they copy . 53 . judge this be the report which be write , approve and sign by all of you immediately after the event . in the write report , you all claim you do not even know about the fire until after it happen . but that be not true , be it ? the judge wait . judge well ? it be not true . hanna I do not know what you be ask . judge the first thing I be ask be , why do not you unlock the door ? hanna take a look to the other defendant . for the first time she poise be crumble . hanna obviously . for the obvious reason . we could not . judge why ? why could not you ? hanna we be guard . we job be to guard the prisoner . we could not just let they escape . judge I see . and if they escape , then you would be blame , you have be charge , you might even be execute ? hanna no. judge well then ? the judge wait . hanna if we open the door , then there would have be chaos . how could we have restore order ? ( more ) 54 . hanna ( cont would ) it happen so fast . it be snow . the bomb - there be flame all over the village . then the scream begin . it get worse and worse . and if they have all come rush out , we could not just let they escape . we could not . we be responsible for they . judge so you do know what be happen ? you do know ? you make a choice . you let they die rather than risk let they escape . hanna can not answer - she have no answer . judge the other defendant have make a allegation against you . have you hear this allegation ? hanna do not reply . judge they say you be in charge . hanna it be not true . I be just one of the guard . the other defendant interrupt to call out ' she be in charge 's . judge do you write the report ? hanna no. no . we all discuss what to say . we all write it together . beckhart she write it ! she write the report . she be in charge . judge be that true ? hanna no . and I do not write the report . do it matter who do ? rita beckhart have call out from she place . the judge look at hanna a moment . 55 . judge I need to see a sample of you handwrite . hanna my handwrite ? judge yes . I need to establish who write the report . at once hanna’s counsel rise . hanna' counsel I be sorry , but I really do not see how that 's appropriate . nearly twenty year have go by . judge somebody take she this piece of paper . hanna' counsel be you really go to compare handwrite of twenty year ago , with handwrite of today ? judge give she the paper . counsel , approach the bench . a piece of paper and a pen be put down in front of hanna . her counsel move to the bench . michael stare , first at she , then at the pen and paper , a apprehension rise in he . int & ext . day and night . flashbacks michael think back , to hanna in she bedroom say ' no you read 's , to she look puzzle at the menu on the bicycle trip , and to she throw a book away in the apartment . at this moment , michael realise she be illiterate . int . courtroom . day back in the courtroom , hanna look up to the judge to stop the conference . hanna there 's no need . I write the report . 56 . michael , in a panic , push along he row , past rohl and the other , who all look up , know something be go on . hanna turn , as if sense he behind she . int . stair . heidelberg law school . day michael be sit on the step outside the lecture room . rohl walk straight past he . rohl you have be skip seminar . int . lecture room . heidelberg law school . day michael come into the room and sit down , smoking a cigarette . rohl wait . rohl so ? michael look at he . michael I have a piece of information . concern one of the defendant . something they be not admit . rohl what information ? michael stub out he cigarette . rohl you do not need I to tell you . it 's perfectly clear you have a moral obligation to disclose it to the court . michael it happen this information be favourable to the defendant . it can help she case . it may even affect the outcome , certainly the sentencing . rohl so ? michael there 's a problem . the defendant herself be determine to keep this information secret . 57 . two student come in for the seminar . rohl a moment , please . please . chasten , they leave . rohl what be she reason ? michael because she 's ashamed . rohl ashame ? ashame of what ? michael do not answer . rohl have you speak to she ? michael of course not . rohl why of course not ? michael I can not . I can not do that . I can not talk to she . rohl what we feel be not important . it 's utterly unimportant . the only question be what we do . rohl get up . rohl if people like you do not learn from what happen to people like I , then what the hell be the point of anything ? int . remand cell . eve hanna be sit on the edge of she bed . a guard come to the door . guard you have a visitor . Michael berg . hanna be take aback for a moment . then she get up . 58 . ext . prison waiting room . day michael be stand smoking a cigarette in the wait area . a whole number of visitor , old people , child , family be wait . some kid be play with a football . then a guard arrive and call out name . michael 's name be call . int . meeting room . prison . day hanna be lead swiftly down a prison corridor towards she meeting and sit down at a desk to wait . ext . prison yard . day michael be lead in the group towards the visit room . it have come on to snow . as he walk towards the room , he lose heart . he change he mind . the rest of the group go on , as he fall behind , watch they go . he begin to turn back . int . meeting room . prison . day . hanna sit down at the empty table , wait . ext . prison yard . day michael turn away and head back the way he come . int . meeting room . prison . day hanna look round . nobody be come . she wait more . guard time 's up . int . prison . eve hanna be still wait . then she be lead back to she cell . int . marthe 's room . student dig . night michael appear at the door of marthe 's room . she be work at she desk . he smile and close the door . marthe you have take you time . they kiss . she start to pull he clothes off . he let she . he make no move to undress she . she take all he clothes off until he be naked , and she remain clothed . he look at she a moment , then take she in he arm and they go down on the bed . they make love . 59 . int . marthe 's room . night marthe be apparently asleep , michael awake . as quietly as he can michael try to slip away . marthe where be you go ? michael I be sorry . I need to sleep by myself . int . remand cell . dawn hanna be stand naked at the sink , prepare herself for the day . int . student dig . michael 's room . dawn michael be lie in he own bed , stare up at the ceiling , not able to sleep . michael reluctantly push back the cover and get naked out of bed . slowly he begin to dress . int . remand cell . day hanna wash herself , naked . int . student dig . day michael be dress now . he stand in front of he mirror , adjust he tie . int . remand cell . day hanna stand in front of the mirror , tie she tie . there be a small , inadequate mirror in which she check she dress - a black suit , a white blouse and black tie . she look very formal . int . prison . day hanna be lead through the prison by a guard . ext . town hall . day a lot of people head into the courtroom . as the seminar group go in , michael hang back . rohl look at he as he go through the door . michael be leave outside , then go to watch as the van arrive . 60 . int . courtroom . town hall . day hanna and the prisoner be lead into the court . hanna 's suit be so formal that member of the public call out . ' Nazi ! Nazi ! 's dieter lean in to marthe . hanna walk on to she place . int . courtroom . day everyone rise as the judge come in to take they place . hanna 's face be resign , without expression . the judge sit . the whole court go quiet . judge the court find guilty the defendant rita beckhart , karolina steinhof , Regina kreutz , Angela Zieber , andrea luhmann jointly aid and abetting murder in three hundred case . the court find the defendant hanna schmitz guilty of murder in three hundred case . there be tear in michael 's eye as he watch . judge the court sentence the accuse as follow . rita beckhart , karolina steinhof , Regina kreutz , Angela Zieber , and andrea luhmann , you will each serve a total sentence in prison of four year and three month . rohl , marthe , dieter and the student be look down on the sentencing . michael be cry . judge hanna schmitz , in view of you own admission and you special role , you be in a different category . the court sentence the accuse schmitz to imprisonment for life . hanna be impassive , not reacting . then she turn and look up to the gallery . ext . courthouse . day michael walk away through the camera and news crew . 61 . int . train . day michael sit on the train , think . the young michael become the older . int . train . day 1976 . michael be sit beside julia . michael be 32 , julia be a bright little 4 year - old in a coat . the countryside speed by . julia where be we go ? michael I say : I will tell you when we get there . you tell I you like surprise . julia I like surprise . ext . blumenstrasse . day michael walk with julia towards they old house . he look round , the memory of come with hanna as a sick boy 18 year earlier clear in he mind . the same landmark . int . dine room . berg apartment . day they be all three eat at the dinner table , eat a small roast chicken . michael she 's grow , have not she ? carla I do not know . it 's so long since I see she , Michael , how can I tell ? michael my fault . we should not have come unannounced . julia daddy , why 's she angry ? michael smile . even carla smile slightly . michael I be afraid I have have some bad news . Julia know . ( more ) 62 . michael ( cont would ) we have already tell she . gertrud and I be get a divorce . julia daddy 's go to live in he own house . carla you do not come for you father 's funeral , but you come for this ? michael you know , it 's not easy for I to visit this town . carla be you really so unhappy ? michael that 's not what I be say . it 's not what I mean . carla well then ? carla look at he hard . michael you must not worry about gertrud . I be go to look after she . and anyway , let 's face it , she 's already a state prosecutor , she earn far more than I do . carla Michael , I be not worried about gertrud . I be worried about you . int . train . eve exhausted by she day , julia be sleep in michael 's arm . he look down at she , full of love . ext . schoneberg . berlin . night on the other side of a busy Berlin street full of traffic , michael hold julia 's hand , a loving father , to guide she across the street . int . landing . gertrud 's apartment . berlin . night gertrud have come to the door , a shrewd - look intelligent woman , a little older than michael , very thin , in slack and a blouse . michael be stand outside with julia . 63 . julia hello mummy . gertrud hello beautiful . gertrud lean down and scoops julia up , kiss she . michael stand on the step , hover . gertrud do you mind if I do not ask you in ? michael I do not mind at all . I have a lot to do , in fact . it do not look like it . he stand , not go . michael I take she to see where I grow up . gertrud you go to the West ? my God , what a trip . julia we go to say hello to granny . gertrud oh. daddy take you to see carla , do he ? julia she be strange . gertrud come on , let 's see what 's on tv . gertrud give julia she supper and put she in front of the tv . then she come back to michael . gertrud I bet she be strange . michael you could say . gertrud she always be . why on earth do you decide to do that ? michael I do not know . impulse . 64 . gertrud say nothing . michael I suppose if I be honest we go because I want to re-establish contact . gertrud with you mother ? and do you succeed ? they both smile . michael be you all right ? he touch she arm . gertrud Michael you be mean to be a intelligent man . do not you know , it 's very hard to receive contact if you be not willing to give it ? gertrud look level , not unkind . gertrud say goodbye to Julia . julia Goodbye , daddy . michael turn to say goodbye . int . michael 's apartment . kreuzberg . night michael stand in the empty room . it 's eerily silent . he go to he bookcase . he run he finger along the spine , as hanna once do . he take out a paperback of the odyssey . he look at it a moment , then he start to read to himself . michael '' sing to I of the man , muse , the man of twist and turn drive time and again off course , once he have plunder the hallow height of Troy ... he sit back . 65 . int . hanna 's cell . dawn hanna be in she cell , fold she blanket . she be 53 , a new austerity , a greyness about she . her cell be modern , but without decoration . int . prison . corridor . day a guard come along the corridor , call out ' mail 's . she lean into hanna 's cell to tell she she have mail . hanna be obviously surprised . int . mail room . prison . day hanna report to the mail room where she be give a big parcel , which she be tell to open . Inside , a huge batch of casette tape and a tape machine . int . cell . day hanna be open the box , take out the tape . int . michael 's apartment . eve michael get out a tape machine . int . cell . day in she cell hanna take out the machine . int . michael 's apartment . eve michael hold the microphone . michael test . test . 1-2-3. int . cell . day hanna put a cassette into the machine . michael' voice the odyssey by Homer . in panic , she turn it off . int . michael 's apartment . eve michael press the recording button and speak into the machine . 66 . michael the odyssey by Homer . '' sing to I of the man , muse , the man of twist and turn drive time and again off course , once he have plunder the hallow height of Troy ... many city of man he see and learn they mind , many pain he suffer , heartsick at the open sea , Fighting to save he life and bring he comrade home ... int . michael 's apartment . night later . michael be now walk up and down , in he short and T-shirt , microphone in hand , still read . michael '' ah , how shameless - the way this mortal blame the god . from we alone , they say , come all they misery ... int . bedroom . night Middle of the night . michael be lie on he back , still read . michael '' who be you ? where be you from ? you city ? you parent ? I be wonderstruck - you drank my drug , you be not bewitch ... '' int . live room . day michael take a cassette and put it into a white box . he write on the side odyssey 6 . then he reach up to put it on a shelf next to box separately mark odyssey 1,2,3 , 4 , 5 . then he take out a small notebook and cross-refence the new tape in a handwritten list . int . cell . night it 's dark . hanna be lie on the bed . michael' voice Zeus from the very start , the thunder king have hate the race of atreus with a vengeance -— ( more ) 67 . michael' voice ( cont would ) his trustiest weapon woman 's twisted wile ... hanna smile with pleasure at he read . int & ext . montage . day & night a montage of michael read and hanna listen . michael be read different book . he be animated now , excited . there be extract from the Old man and the Sea ( hemingway ) ; anatol ( schnitzler ) ; the World of yesterday ( Zweig ) and Doctor Zhivago ( pasternak ) . michael catch fire with excitement with what he be do . hanna collect the tape from the mail room and organize on she shelf - she library grow . int . cell . night hanna be lie in bed listen to a new tape . michael the Lady with the Little Dog , by Anton chekhov . '' the talk be that a new face have appear on the promenade , a lady with a little dog ... '' ext . exercise yard . prison . day hanna be walk round with other prisoner , in sequence . suddenly she stop dead , a idea hit she . int . prison library . day the library be right next to the mail room . hanna walk past the mail room and go to the library counter . hanna I want to take out a book . librarian which book ? hanna do you have the Lady with the Little Dog ? librarian what 's you name ? hanna hanna schmitz . 68. the librarian go to get it . hanna stand , wait and look at the stack of book , for the first time see possibility . int . cell . day hanna be back in the cell . she put down a new parcel anda book . she put the parcel to one side , then open the book . she then wind back the tape which be already in the recorder . michael' voice the Lady with the Little Dog , a story by Anton chekhov . the talk be ... she turn off the tape . she run she finger along the title ' the Lady with the Little Dog 's . she get down a small decorate metal tin , and take a pencil from it . she start make the sound . ' the’ , ' the’ , ' the 's ... L , L , L , etc . int . cell . night hanna be work now , circle the word ' the’ each time it come in the book . the book be cover in mark . ext & int . michael 's apartment . eve 1981 . michael be come down a busy kreuzberg street . he be 37 . he go into he block . he open the door : the place be much more live - in . he pick up he mail . thumb through it , he see a letter in childish handwrite . michael frown , open it and take out a piece of paper . int . michael 's apartment . eve michael be hold a letter . he look down at the write : ' thanks for the latest , kid . I really like it .' he stare , then put it down and step back stunne . int . cell . day hanna stand with a new package . she open it excitedly . she take out tape . she look for write , a letter . there be none . she turn the pack paper over and over , but there 's nothing . she stand , desolate . int . cell . prison . night . montage hanna effortfully write various letter - just a single message on each . the pen work agonizingly across the paper . first : 69 . I would like more Romance , less adventure next : I am not sure what kafka be saying int . michael 's apartment . bedroom . night michael continue to read to she on the machine . int . cell . prison . night . montage hanna still write . do you still like dicken ? then finally , many attempt at the same sentence , write many time : do you receive my letter ? write to I , kid int . study . michael 's apartment . day michael be read the latest letter from hanna . he look at it . '' do you receive my letter ? write to I , kid . '' michael open a drawer in a file box on the floor . there be a stack of she letter inside . he put the latest on top of the pile and close the drawer . int . cell . prison . day hanna stand at she window , in despair . int . michael 's apartment . kreuzberg . day 1988 . michael , 44 , be at he desk , with the phone in he hand , with a type letter in front of he . ms BRENNER ( voice on phone ) you be Michael berg ? michael' voice yes . ms BRENNER ( voice on phone ) you get my letter ? michael I have it here . ms BRENNER ( phone ) as I say , hanna schmitz be come up for release very soon . 70 . michael finger the letter a moment . int . BRENNER 's office . prison . day ms BRENNER be sit at she desk in a simple , modern office . ms BRENNER hanna have be in prison for over twenty year . she have no family . she have no friend . you be she only contact . and I be tell you do not visit she . int . michael 's apartment . kreuzberg . day michael be sit quite still . michael no . I do not . int . BRENNER 's office . day ms BRENNER when she get out , she 's go to need a job . she 's go to need somewhere to live . you can not imagine how frightening the modern world will seem to she . there be a silence . michael yes . I be still here . int . michael 's apartment . kreuzberg . day ms BRENNER I have no - one else to ask . if you do not take responsibility for she , then hanna have no future at all . michael it 's kind of you . thank you for let I know . michael put the phone down . he look as if he have just be hand a sentence . he get up and stare at the wall which be now stack with all the book he have read . then he go to he balcony . ext & int . michael 's apartment . kreuzberg . day michael stand look out over Berlin from he balcony . 71 . ext . prison . day michael walk along the road by the prison wall , then go to the guichet to sign in . ext . prison yard . day michael be wait in a small bar wait area as ms BRENNER walk across the yard to open the gate and let michael in . ms BRENNER you be Michael berg ? michael yes . ms BRENNER louisa brenner . we be expect you earlier . int & ext . stair & passage . prison . day ms BRENNER be walk michael up the step towards the prison canteen . they pass guard and inmate . ms BRENNER I should warn you : for a long time hanna hold herself together . she be very purposeful . in the last few year she 's different . she 's let herself go . int . canteen . prison . day ms BRENNER lead michael to the door of the canteen . ms BRENNER they be in the canteen . they be just finish lunch . michael see a old woman who be sit at a table . her blue dress be stretch too tight across she heavy body . her hair be grey . she have a book in she lap , but she 's not read it . a few prisoner be finish they meal . it take michael a moment to realise the old woman be hanna . then hanna become aware of be watch . she turn and look round . at once she face light up . michael smile back , but as he approach she , he fix onto she inquire look and see the light go out of she eye , as if she have look at he and be disappointed . he sit down opposite she . she smile , weary . 72 . hanna you have grow up , kid . she take he hand . there be a long silence , michael unable to think of anything to say . he withdraw he hand . michael I have get a friend who 's a tailor , he make my suit . he will give you a job . and I have find you somewhere to live . it 's a nice place . quite small but nice . I think you 'il like it . hanna thank you . there 's a moment 's silence . michael there be various social programme , cultural stuff I can sign you up for . and there 's a public library very close . hanna nod slightly . michael you read a lot ? hanna I prefer be read to . there be a short silence . hanna that 's over now , be not it ? michael do not answer . hanna do you get marry ? michael I do . yes I do . we have a daughter . I be not see as much of she as I would like . I have like to see a great deal more of she . after a few moment , he concede . michael the marriage do not last . 73 . there be a silence . michael have you spend a lot of time think about the past ? hanna you mean , with you ? michael no . no , I do not mean with I . hanna before the trial I never think about the past . I never have to . michael and now ? what do you feel now ? hanna look a moment , a haunt look , search he . there 's a hanna it do not matter what I think . it do not matter what I feel . the dead be still dead . silence . michael I be not sure what you have learn . hanna I have learn , kid . I have learn to read . michael stare , devastate . michael I ' 1ll pick you up next week , ok ? hanna that sound a good plan . michael good . quietly , or shall we make a big fuss ? hanna quietly . michael ok . quietly . 74 . they look at each other . the other prisoner have already go . they stand up . she scan he face again , search for he thought . he take she in he arm , a little awkward . hanna take care , kid . michael you too . they walk side by side , back towards the door . then by way of say goodbye , she take he hand . michael see you next week . she stretch she arm out before she let go of he hand , then vanish inside . michael walk on alone . ext . prison . eve michael come out of the main entrance . he stand a moment , look round at the evening . michael walk to he car . int . hanna 's room . eve the room be simple , a bedroom to one side , a bathroom to the other . it be all furnish with simple functional furniture . the end of a hard day 's work . michael hang a picture over the desk - a landscape , reminiscent of where they once go cycle . the job be do . he look round , grimly content . int . cell . dawn hanna be lie on she bed , fully dress . she get up and get some book down from the shelf . she put they , one by one , in a pile on the table . then she take off she shoe . she stand up and climb onto the pile of book on the table . her bare foot on the book . then she reach up . ext & int . prison . day michael get out of the car . he be carry a bunch of flower . he walk towards the prison . he lean in to the guard who be in a modern office . int . prison . day from the far end of the corridor , michael be see sit on a bench . ms BRENNER come out of she office and murmur in he ear . michael be see nodd , ashen . 75 . int . corridor & cell . prison . day the two of they come together down the corridor . they stop at the open door of the cell . the body have be remove . the book be still on the floor . michael go in . a bare table , a chair , a bed , a closet , a toilet in the corner behind the door . there be shelf with book , a alarm clock , a stuff bear , two mug , instant coffee , tea tin . michael she do not pack . she never intend to leave . ms BRENNER look at he in confirmation . michael look at the two lower shelf on which be range the tape with the cassette machine . above the bed be a series of cutting , picture tear from magazine , show meadow , hillside , pasture , cherry tree . one in particular : a burst of autumnal colour . michael kneel on the bed to look at they . there be quotation , article , recipe , even say in hanna 's childish handwrite : ' spring let its blue banner flutter through the air 's be one . then he see a newspaper photograph : the young michael berg receive a prize from the school principal . the headline ' Michael berg receive school literature prize . 's ms BRENNER reach out for a tea tin from the shelf . then she sit next to michael on the bed , and take out a fold sheet of paper from she suit pocket . ms BRENNER she leave I a message , a sort of will . I x11 read out the bit that concern you . michael look at the effortful handwrite on the page . ms BRENNER '' there be money in the old tea tin . give it to Michael berg . he should send it , alongside the 7,000 mark in the bank , to the daughter who write the book . it 's for she . she should decide what to do with it . and tell Michael I say hello . tell he to get on with he life . '' ms BRENNER look at he . ms BRENNER do you want to see she ? 76 . michael shake he head . ext . bridge . manhattan . day michael ride in a taxi into Manhattan . a view of the familiar skyline . ext . fifth avenue . day michael be taxi come up fifth Avenue . it draw up outside a expensive apartment block . michael get out and go in , the Manhattan skyline open up behind he . int . live room . ilana 's apartment . day a superbly appoint space full of great and expensive art . michael have take he coat off . ilana mather appear , elegant , well - dress - on the surface , the spirit of prosperous New York . she be now in she early fifty . michael ms mather ? ilana yes . you be Michael berg . I be expect you . ilana so you must tell I : what exactly bring you to the United States ? michael I be already here . I be at a conference in Boston . ilana you be a lawyer ? michael yes . ilana I be intrigue by you letter but I can not say I wholly understand it . you attend the trial ? michael yes . almost twenty year ago . I be a law student . I remember you , I remember you mother very clearly . 77 . ilana my mother die in Israel - a good many year ago . michael I be sorry . michael hesitates for a moment . ilana go on , please . michael perhaps you hear . hanna schmitz recently die . she kill herself . ilana shake she head . ilana she be a friend of yours ? michael a kind of friend . it 's as simple as this . hanna be illiterate for the great part of she life . ilana be that a explanation of she behaviour ? michael no . ilana or a excuse ? michael shake he head . michael no . no . she teach herself to read when she be in prison . I send she tape . she have always like be read to . ilana shift slightly . ilana why do not you start by be honest with I ? at least start that way . what be the nature of you friendship ? michael when I be young I have a affair with hanna . ilana look at he for a moment . ilana I be not sure I can help you , Mr. berg . or rather , even if I could I be not willing to . michael I be almost sixteen when I take up with she . the affair only last a summer . but . ilana but what ? michael just look at she . ilana I see . and do hanna schmitz acknowledge the effect she have have on you life ? michael stare back , understand for the first time . michael she would do much worse to other people . I have never tell anyone . ilana people ask all the time what I learn in the camp . but the camp be not therapy . what do you think this place be ? university ? we do not go there to learn . one become very clear about this thing . ilana look at he , unrelent . ilana what be you ask for ? forgiveness for she ? or do you just want to feel better yourself ? my advice , go to the theatre , if you want catharsis . please . go to literature . do not go to the camp . nothing come out of the camp . nothing . 78 . 79 . ilana look at he , unrelent . michael what she want ... what she want be to leave you she money . I have with I . ilana to do what ? michael as you think fit . michael reach for he briefcase . he take out the lavender tea-tin , which he set down on the table in front of ilana . michael here . ilana lift the tin . ilana when I be a little girl , I hada tea-tin for my treasure . not quite like this . it have cyrillic lettering . I take it with I to the camp , but it get steal . michael what be in it ? ilana oh. sentimental thing . a piece of hair from we dog . some ticket to opera my father have take I to . it be not steal for its content . it be the tin itself which be valuable , what you could do with it . she sit a moment , overcome , she hand on the tin . ilana there 's nothing I can do with this money . if I give it to anything associate with the extermination of the Jews , then to I it will seem like absolution and that be something I be neither willing nor in a position to grant . michael nod slightly . 80. michael I be think maybe a organization to encourage literacy . ilana good . there 's a silence . ilana good . michael do you know if there 's a jewish organization ? ilana I all be surprised if there be not . there 's a jewish organisation for everything . not that illiteracy be a very jewish problem . there be the shadow of a smile . ilana why do not you find out ? send they the money . michael shall I do it in hanna 's name ? ilana as you think fit . ilana smile slightly . she put she hand on top of the tin . ilana I all keep the tin . int . ilana 's house . day ilana be stand at the window watch down to the street where michael be walk away . she have the tin in she hand . when he 's vanish , she turn and go into she bedroom . there on the dress table , there be a frame photo of ilana with she mother in Germany before the war . she set the tin down beside the photo . int & ext . car . day 1995 . michael be drive julia in the big mercede through the german countryside . he be tense , silent . julia take a sideways look at he , but he do not respond . 81 . julia where be we go ? michael I think you like surprise . julia I do . I do like surprise . ext . country . day they draw up at a church . it be the same one he and hanna pass on they bicycle year before . michael and julia get out and walk towards the graveyard at the side . ext . cemetery . day michael & julia stand at a desert grave-side . the whole cemetery be see . michael stoops down and uncover a simple stone : hanna schmitz 1923-1988 . julia watch , say she name . julia hanna schmitz . julia wait a moment . julia who be she ? michael that 's what I want to tell you . that 's why we be here . julia look , wait . michael look for a moment as if he will not go on . julia so tell I . there be a moment , then they turn to stroll , michael talk , start to tell the story . michael I be 15 , I be come home from school , I be ill ... they walk away among the tree . fade to black