middle men by George gallo and Andy Weiss oxymoron entertainment Blue Star entertainment 9.9.08 fade in : over the logo , we hear the sound of rain and thunder . trouble be already brewing ... int . — jack houston house - night a lightning flash reveal the haggard , worried face of we hero , jack harris . in he early forty . his house be fill with expensive art , perfectly appoint furniture , and high ceiling . a fireplace rage , make the room dance with light . we almost feel as if we be in hell . diana , he estrange wife , a beautiful woman , clutches a towel . she 's be cry bucket . her eye be red and swollen . she hold she son adam , about seven , close , in a protective way . it 's as if Jack be a stalking animal that could do they both harm . lightn flash again . Jack stand in front of a duffle bag . it be fill with packet of money . hundred and hundred of thousand . or be it million ? he close the bag and lock it . he look at diana and try to communicate from a place deep inside . jack I be gonna get he back diana . she do not answer . she stare with contempt and rage . as Jack begin to head out of the house ... jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have several million dollar in a duffle bag and have to go and see a bunch of low life Russian mobster , who would most likely cut my throat , take the money , and kill a kid they think be my son for sport . ext . - jack 's houston house - night it 's just as beautiful as the inside , surround by a private gate . Jack run through the rain towards he mercede with the duffle bag . jack ( v.o . ) it do not get any more fuck up than this . I be deal with the kind of savage who have beat they mother to death for a ham sandwich . so , I do not place my odd as very good for see the sun come up . Jack start he car and begin pull out of the driveway as the gate open up . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and why ? because of what I have a hand in create . no , I do not cure aids or cancer . and I do not figure out a way to stop war or end world hunger . but I do end up make a lot more money than if I would do any of that great and last thing that would change the world for the better . int . — jack mercede - night Jack try to light a cigarette . his hand shake so badly , he can hardly do it . jack ( v.o . ) I have a hand in create the great invention of we time . I inadvertently change the world . my name be Jack Harris , and I figure out a better way for guy to jerk off . montage of shot through history . pornographic sex , masturbation ... dating back to cave through the kama sutra . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Men have be jerk off since the beginning of time . I mean , it 's no fuck secret . 1950' . a young boy masturbate to beauty on the milton berle show , Betty page , etc . his mother walk in and begin scream at he . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) why be this mother yell at she kid ? she should know better . Men be always think about sex . about every ten second some sick , pervert , degenerate think go through a man 's mind . through the 60' , 70 's and 80x . different porn style , woman with big hairy bush , John holme style guy , mullet beefcake pose with porno babe . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) from the very moment a man figure out he hand can reach he dick , he 's figure out a new way to pull on it . a skateboard kid lock he door , pop in a vhs cassette . then through the 9us , hardcore porn on a dvd . stay on the tv , a US Senator now give a speech on how he 's go to clean up the world . later , in he hotel room , he jerk it furiously while wear woman 's underwear . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this should come as no big fuck surprise . every guy , gay or straight , prince or pauper , king , president , head of state , every last one of they be sneaking off somewhere and whack it . a goth kid tie a rope around he neck , jack off . he finish , he foot can not quite make it back to the chair . he 's choke , and it 's clear he 's not go to make it . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) look at this poor fucker . his inventiveness will be the thing that do he in . it 's be a preoccupation of man since God know when . still do not believe I ? well , look at this . a space shuttle be launch . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this be the space shuttle . it cost four hundred and fifty million dollar every time it 's launch by uncle Sam and you tax dollar . guess what 's on it ? in space , we see a satellite release into orbit . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a billion dollar satellite . and why do you think they be launching that thing ? it 's all part of the Internet . but if you think that thing have anything to do with help you kid learn , daddy read stat on Tiger Woods , or mommy and grandma learn how to bake the perfect chocolate cake , then you be out of you fuck mind . just follow the money . the porn industry take in fifty seven billion dollar a year worldwide . with no one ever admit that they watch ... we see a farmhouse right out of a Andrew wyeth painting . a farmer , do from plow he field , head merrily up the stair into he house . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this be go on every second of every day all over the world . Inside the house , he wife , right out of a norman rockwell painting , be baking a apple pie . two angelic kid beam when the pie be place on the table to cool off . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) million and million and million of horny , frustrated guy , escape into porn dream land . in the other room , the farmer have a laptop computer run wireless Internet . we pan to the modem / port , which create a laser beam ... we follow it up out of the house into space where the laser bounce off the satellite and come shoot back down to earth . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's a land of woman , gorgeous woman , who do not know the meaning of the word '' no '' . it shoot off another giant satellite dish and fire back out hundred of mile into a cable compound which shoot the beam , from mile away , back into the modem / port ... and then ... the farmer , sit in front of he computer , undoe he overall . a porn scene play on he laptop ... he smile wide -ey ... jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) pure americana ... CUT to : int . — jack mercede - night back to the present . Jack try to light another cigarette , he hand be now shaking even worse . he drop the lighter . Jack yank the wheel hard . ext . -— road side - night the car screech over to the side of the road . Jack put the car in park as the rain pour down . he check the time on the clock ... 11:59 ... he take a deep breath ... the clock on the dash turn to midnight . jack ( v.o. ) and no matter how many time I roll this over in my head , I keep ask myself the same question ; how the fuck do I let thing go this far ? CUT to black : fade in : ext . — church lawn - day impose legend : 1985 a church picnic . crowd . everything be right in white America . kid , parent , balloon . a endless spread of food on picnic table . the camera crane down over the scene and find a young Jack . he 's hold two plate of fry chicken , mashed potato , corn . he 's dress a lot less stylishly than the older version of he . jack ( v.o. ) back then thing seem so simple . he head over to a young diana . she turn , beam . they be very much in love . they kiss and sit at the end of a picnic table , away from the crowd . Jack take a bite of chicken . jack ( cont 'd ) I can always tell you fry chicken from someone else 's . they both eat . diana be that right ? jack yeah . what 's you secret ? diana a chef do not divulge she secret . jack it 's not like I be a stranger . diana you marry I , I 'il tell you . he smile for a minute , put down he food , get up from sit and kneel in front of she . he take she hand . jack diana , will you marry I ? she smile from somewhere deep inside . diana pepper . jack what ? diana pepper . jack pepper ? that 's it ? diana sorry you sign you life away ? jack God no ! he kiss she , gently . they fall into each other arm . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be one of that guy live in a norman rockwell painting . and look back , I have no idea how happy I really be ... CUT to : ext . - sky - late afternoon we think we be in heaven . the cloud part to reveal Los Angeles . 10 11 jack ( v.o. ) now across the gulf of space , on another planet call Los Angeles , California , my fate be already be seal ... impose legend : 1997 - los angele ext . — van nuy 's apartment complex - night it 's a run-down shit hole . we hear gunshot fire in the distance . int . - van nuy 's apartment , live room - night buck colby sleep in a beat up recliner . he 's in he twenty and from the South . if it 's conceivable , he 's smarter than he roommate ... int . - van nuy 's apartment , bedroom - night wayne Beer be coke to the gill and be play with he computer . he be clearly frustrated . he get up and head for the live room . int . - van nuy 's apartment , live room - night Wayne enter . he look at Buck , as he sleep . wayne how can you sleep in a chair ? Buck waking up . buck what ? wayne how can you sleep in a fuck chair ? buck you mean , how can I sleep with all this noise , do not you ? wayne you know there 's nothing to jerk to on the fuck Internet . 10 11 buck so watch a dvd you degenerate . wayne I be a degenerate ? you buy all this dvd 's and I be a degenerate ? buck you watch they all a hundred time . that 's why you need new shit . yeah , you be a fuck degenerate . wayne fuck you . do not get all high and mighty with I . buck fuck I ? stop do all this coke and smoking all this fuck cigarettes ! I get to go to work in the morning and I can not sleep choke on all this smoke . wayne you smoke , you fuck asshole ! buck not when I be sleep ! and clean this place up . it 's like live in a toxic waste dump ! wayne wow . lucky I . I get to live with martha fuck Stewart . buck if I be martha fuck Stewart you would be jerk off in front of I all fuck day , you fuck loser ! Wayne raise he fist . wayne do not call I a loser . buck do not square off with I ! i’1l kick you ass around this apartment for drill . Wayne keep wave he fist . wayne take it back ! 12 13 buck no . I be not take anything back , loser . Wayne dive on Buck . the two of they crash to the floor and begin swinging at each other . Real fist be be throw . as they hold each other in duel choke hold , both of they turn red , we freeze frame . jack ( v.o. ) what this two idiot do not know , be that they be less than a year away from be worth million and million of dollar , and turn the Internet into what it be today . ai not America great ? ( beat ) maybe I should go back even further . ext . - lax runway - day 12 impose legend : back even further corkscrew pan of a 757 landing . the wheel touch down . jack ( v.o . ) Buck have get to LA only two month before . he have this crazy notion about move out to Los Angeles and get a honest job . he have problem with the honest job part before . int . —- wayne 's chevy nova - day 13 Wayne and Buck be leave the airport , sit in traffic . the car be litter with fast food box and soda can . buck how do you live with this kind of traffic everyday ? wayne I do not go out all that much . buck do not you have a job ? wayne I have be collect disability , but it run out in a few month . 14 10 . buck disability for what ? wayne I fall . told the fucker I be go to sue . buck then what be you gonna do ? wayne fuck if I know . but I feel like I be on the verge of something . buck yeah , I too , dude . no , I be serious . I feel like I be on the verge of something . I get all this idea . dude , this idea , they just come rush at I ! idea , after idea , after idea ! it 's like a waterfall you know ! wayne a cascade ... buck yeah man , a cascade ! jack ( v.o. ) like I say , they be moron , right ? well that 's not entirely true ... impose legend : NASA , houston int . —- NASA hallway - day 14 two security guard move quickly down a hallway with purpose . jack ( v.o. ) believe it or not , Buck colby be some kind of big shot rocket scientist at NASA at the age of 22 . he apparently have a iq of 187 , although you have never know it talk to the guy ... the security guard turn the corner and enter another room . 15 16 17 11 . int . - outer chamber of '' no- gravity room '' - day 15 the security guard move quickly across the room and over to a window that look inside a wind tunnel . Buck be coke out of he mind , complete with a bloody nose , that flow all over he shirt . he be float in thin air in 200 mph headwind . the guard stare incredulously . jack ( v.o. ) Buck 's favorite thing in the world to do , be spend weekend at NASA , get coke to the gill and float in space . the security guard throw a switch . Buck crash to the floor instantly . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) needless to say , he get fire . int . —- veterinary clinic , examination room - day 16 angle on a woman hold a small dog who be happily bark and wag he tail . jack ( v.o. ) from what I understand , Wayne be a terrific veterinarian . he even teach some class . woman be you sure you be go to have to operate ? he look perfectly fine . wayne hey lady , who 's the doctor here , you or I ? jack ( v.o . ) the only problem be that he start perform unnecessary surgeries ensure a steady supply of canine barbiturate . int . - veterinary clinic , wayne 's office - day 17 Wayne sit at he desk . he hold a pill bottle up to he lip , tilting the content back into he mouth . 18 12 . his door open . Wayne freeze , bottle at he lip . one of the other vet stare back at he . jack ( v.o. ) that pretty much end Wayne 's career as a veterinarian . int . - jack modest houston house , kitchen - day 18 Jack and diana be in a different house . smaller , quaint , not the palace we see they in earlier . diana hang up the phone . she 's just get bad news . Jack sit at the kitchen table . he 's do they bill , credit card payment stack high . jack ( v.o. ) meanwhile , I find out that a friend of mine who own a night club out in LA have a heart attack . diana be explain the same information . jack ( cont 'd ) be he gonna be alright ? diana yeah , but he can not work for a while . Susan call and want to know if you would go out to LA for a few week and help straighten out he business . I talk to they lawyer out there , a guy name Jerry haggerty . he say the place could be a gold mine , but if you do not get out there and help now , Susan say they be go to lose everything . jack ( v.o. ) the last thing I want to do be leave my family . I be happy in Houston . I be break , but at least I be happy ... jack ( cont 'd ) honey , I do not want to run a night club . the place be probably a mess . it 'il take a lot more than a couple of week to straighten it out . diana Jack , you be good at fix mess . that 's what you do . 19 20 21 13 . jack ( v.o . ) she be right . if I have one talent , it be fix shit , shit that nobody think could be fix . CUT to : ext . -— chicago - day 19 establish shot . impose legend : chicago - 1985 ext . - irish bar - day 20 a cadillac be park outside a irish bar . jack ( v.o . ) when I be eighteen I be work for one of my dad 's buddy who own a construction company in Chicago . there be a lot of money float around , but even with as much money as there be , there be always problem . int . - car - day 21 we see a eighteen year old Jack sit in the car with a silver haire wise guy name johnny LA LA , who seem surprisingly calm . johnny now let 's go knee cap this irish fuck and get something to eat . jack knee cap ? johnny yeah , knee cap . you take a bat , bing bang , he 's crippled , and he wise up real quick . Jack gulp hard . jack why exactly be we do this ? 14 . johnny give he a odd look . johnny what do you need , a fuck road map , kid ? this guy owe I thirty six grand ! let 's hurry up and do this . jack ( stalling ) do you know why he can not pay , help I understand ? I do not understand . johnny how the fuck should I know ? he owe , end of story ! what the fuck kid ? jack ( v.o . ) most people would have just do what they be tell . but it just do not sit well with I . jack ( cont 'd ) I mean what if you just talk to the guy and find out what happen . something have to happen or this guy would be able to pay , right ? if you just talk to the guy ...... johnny kid , I be do talk to this prick ! jack ok , ok , I be sorry , I just think maybe there be a way where you can get you money , which be what you want , right . johnny be quiet for a moment , confuse . then a smile come to he face . jack ( cont 'd ) what ? johnny kid , you think too much . ( to Driver ) this fuckin’ kid . ( back to Jack ) alright . hurry up before I change my mind . jack what ? 15 . johnny you get two minute kid to go in there and get I my money , after that , somebody 's knee cap be gettin’ break . jack me? hold on ... johnny you take you best shot . this be how you learn . Jack get out of the car and head for the bar . jack ( v.o. ) I know I have two minute to get johnny what he want and stop something bad from happen . I know something else too , I do not want to be a part of what johnny be capable of . int . - irish bar - day 22 Jack sit opposite morgan , who tap he leg incessantly , a nervous wreck . morgan look kid , I get problem too . I get kid , I get a wife in the hospital , which be not that bad consider she cheat on I every fuck week , my house be about to be foreclose , my oldest son be a smack addict , the last two project I build get I so jamme up I have to go to johnny , which be the last fuckin thing I ever want to do , now I be sittin here wait to go to the fuck hospital myself because of what ? because I owe ? I mean I do not steal ... Jack glance at he watch . jack stop . let 's focus on why we be here . you obviously borrow this money and you have to have a plan on how you be go to pay it back . tell I what go wrong and maybe I can figure a way out of this . 23 16 . morgan if I have the fuck building permit I could get to work and I would be able pay he by the end of the day ... jack and how 's that ? morgan I can borrow the money in ten second if I have the permit . I do not have the permit . jack a building permit ? morgan yes , a building permit . jack stay here . do not move . Jack glance at he watch and get up . ext . -— irish bar - day 23 Jack leave the bar . johnny close the trunk , a louisville slugger in he hand . johnny batter up ! jack hold on johnny . you have friend downtown right ? johnny I get friend all over the place . jack he say he need a building permit , then he can pay you by the end of the day . johnny he want I to do what ? what do I look like , a permiteer ?!? jack johnny , do you want the money , or do you want to break he leg ? 24 25 26 17 . johnny ( contemplate ) I be in a quandary ... johnny smile and pat Jack on the side of the face . johnny ( cont 'd ) you be alright kid . maybe you should come by the house sometime , maybe talk to my wife . resume int . - jack 's houston house , kitchen - day 24 Jack sit opposite diana . jack alright . I guess I will go to l.a . the money would not hurt . CUT to : int . - buck 's office - day 25 overhead shot cubicle after cubicle . it 's worse than any jail cell . Buck sit in he . it 's all over he face . he 's torture . he open and close a zippo lighter over and over , stare out at he co worker . jack ( v.o. ) now about the same time , Buck get some shit job in Los Angeles . the nine to five scene just be not for he ... Buck 's supervisor stare at he , not digging he work ethic . int . —- van nuy 's apartment , live room - night 26 Buck be on the recliner , under a blanket , and Wayne be sit on the couch , play with he computer . wayne what good be this stupid Internet for ? I mean , if you could see some hot porn , maybe it would be worthwhile . I mean , be I right ? Buck be try to watch jay leno . 18 . buck yeah , I guess ... wayne no . I mean , I be right , right ? look at this shit . insert computer we see lame low resolution picture of horny housewive and trailer park babe . resume live room wayne ( cont 'd ) this be all lame shit . there 's no variety . there 's nothing new . what if this shit be good ? right ? be you with I ? buck no . what 's you point ? wayne if we take picture from magazine and put they up there , I bet we could make some money , right ? buck oh , sure . you 'il get rich . wayne really ? be I right ? buck no . maybe you would get chump change from a few degenerate , but you have be lucky to get that . Wayne rub he face . wayne yeah , I know . and what would you do ? write a check ? there 's like a stumbling block in my master plan . buck how about credit card ? Wayne jump to he foot . 27 28 19 . wayne credit card ! that 's it , bro ! credit card ! you be like a fuck genius ! buck sit down . who would give you they credit card number ? wayne fuck , I be do this . you laugh , but watch what happen . CUT to : - van nuy 's apartment , live room - day 27 the next afternoon . the site be up . it 's call '' porno junky '' . they logo be up all the time as a screensaver . Buck stare at it , eat a slice of pizza . wayne I hook up a buzzer . every time we make a sale , the buzzer will go off . see ? you be not the only one with idea . buck what have you charge for this ? wayne ten buck . buck no , no . do nine ninety nine a month , like a magazine . wayne yeah , like a fuck magazine . right ? CUT to : - van nuy 's apartment , bedroom - night 28 a few night later . jack ( v.o. ) so , three or four day go by without a single buzzer . my guess be they almost forget they even bother to do this . and then ... 29 30 20 . we hear a buzzer . Wayne sit up , rub he eye . he look at the clock . it 's four fifteen in the morning . he stumble out of bed and head over to the computer . Buck walk into the bedroom . buck do I hear right ? wayne yeah . we just make nine ninety nine . a graph appear at the bottom of the screen . it clearly read nine ninety nine . this graph will remain through the next bunch of scene , tick off the money as it come in . buck at four fifteen in the morning ? this guy 's get to be a pervert just like you . wayne you do not know that . it might be some guy 's morning jerk back on the east coast , or in Europe , or some fuck place where it 's night . it 's the world wide web dumbass . this guy could be anywhere . int . - van nuy 's apartment , kitchen - morning 29 Buck be make coffee , get ready for work . he hear the buzzer . follow closely by another buzzer . and then , the buzzing just seem to keep on go . buck be you fuck around with that thing ? Wayne come out of the bedroom . wayne no . that be subscriber , man . we be gettin’ rich ! the graph at the bottom of the screen continue to grow . it 's already in the hundred of dollar . int . - buck 's office - day 30 Buck be on the phone . he can hear the buzzer go off . 31 32 21 . buck how much be we up to ? int . —- van nuy 's apartment , live room - day 31 intercut as need wayne dude , we cross the two thousand dollar mark about half a hour ago . int . —- van nuy 's apartment , live room - night 32 the buzzer have not stop . Buck be tinkering with the computer . buck I have get this set up so that we can tell what pic we be sell base on the sound . the buzzer be the trailer trash stuff . the chime be over forty . the whistle be all the big titty stuff . and the bell be the ass fuck housewive . wayne why a whistle ? buck what have you mean ? wayne why a whistle for the big titty stuff ? buck I do not know , I just think that , when you see a chick with big tit , you whistle . wayne dude , that 's stupid . it should be bell for the big titty stuff . tit be like bell . buck tit be like bell ? since when ? wayne just change it . buck no , I be not gonna change it . 33 22 . wayne Change it ! the tit should be bell ! buck and what ? the ass fuck housewive be like whistle ? wayne yeah , what 's wrong with that ? buck Cause that 's stupid ! wayne it 's not stupid . when you put you dick in a chick 's ass ... buck what ? she what ? she whistle ?!? Wayne lunge at Buck and they begin wrestle on the floor . jack ( v.o . ) idiot . grown man roll around on the floor , fight , over bell and whistle , like child . I ? I never have the luxury of be so childish . dissolve to : int . -— houston hospital room - day 33 impose legend : 1975 the sound of buck and wayne 's bell and whistle morph into the sound of hospital equipment beep . jack father ( 0.s. ) hey Jack ? Jackie ? a young jack be now fifteen year old . his father be ina hospital bed , smoking . jack sit at the side of the bed . jack father run he finger through Jack 's hair . jack father ( cont ’d ) pay attention . Young Jack nod . 34 35 23 . jack father ( cont ’d ) you be the oldest . you be gonna have to go to work . even if I make it through this , I be gonna be out of commission for a while . you gotta watch the business . thing be tough right now . young jack what about school ? jack father the hell with school . everybody read the same book , they all know the same shit . it 's like a rubber stamp . graduate , graduate , graduate . it do not mean shit . if it do , everybody would end up rich . you need to work . that 's what a man do . he work ... he provide ... you get I Jackie ? young jack yeah dad . jack father one other thing . my pistol be in that drawer . if that surgeon come out and tell you I die , I want you to kill he . Young Jack can not tell if he 's joke or not . jack ( v.o. ) so I go to work . my life have always be a contradiction . prep school to work for a wise guy . Church picnic to night club . but somehow it work out . dissolve back to : int . - GEORGE BUSH intercontinental airport - day 34 Jack sit wait for he flight to Los Angeles , deep in think . the announcer call for Jack 's flight . he grab he carry on and get up . int . - van nuy 's apartment , live room - night 35 Buck come out of he bedroom . he can not sleep . it 's a cacophony of bell , buzzer , whistle and chime . the sound that ring with most frequency be the bell . 36 24 . the counter at the bottom of the screen be now over five thousand dollar . buck Wayne ! Wayne emerge from he bedroom . wayne ( be : bell ) seem like ass fuck housewive be a big hit . Buck pull the plug . buck I can not sleep with all this noise . wayne oh , I can sleep just fine . it 's like a fuck lullaby . int . - van nuy 's apartment —- morning 36 Buck look exhaust with dark circle under he eye . he sit in the kitchen and sip coffee . Wayne lie on the sofa in the adjacent live room . wayne dude . we be over the seven thousand dollar mark . buck be you shittin’ I ? wayne no . but I be get complaint that we need new content . buck so , go buy some more magazine . Wayne get up off the sofa and come over to Buck . wayne we get to come up with some fresh stuff . stuff of we own . buck how do you plan on do that ? 37 38 25 . ext . - strip club - night 37 establish shot of the club on the sunset Strip . int . - strip club - night 38 one six foot Russian beauty after another dance naked on stage amongst cat call , smoke , and blast music . Buck and Wayne enter the club and be stop by a enormous Russian bouncer . buck we want to talk to whoever run this place . the Russian stare . wayne you speak English ? the Russian stare . wayne ( cont 'd ) sprechen zie English ? the Russian continue to stare , clearly think that this two be idiot . buck bring out the kingpin . we have get a proposition for he . wayne or we can do this stupid little stare down thing and you boss do not get a chance to make a shitload of money . the Russian continue to stare . freeze frame : on Buck and Wayne . jack ( v.o . ) now what this two idiot do not know be that nikita sokoloff , the head of the entire west coast Russian mob , own the joint . and they be about to get more than they bargain for ... smash CUT to : 39 26 . int . — nikita sokoloff’s office - night 39 it 's a large plush office load with picture of naked woman . the Russian bouncer use Buck and Wayne 's head to open the door . they both yelp as they be toss to the carpet . nikita sokoloff stand in front of they . he have a thick Russian accent and be very hard to understand . especially when he 's angry , which he seem to be right now . nikita who the fuck , be you to come , into my place , and talk this kind of shit ?!? Buck and Wayne , both on all four , eyeball each other . buck oh , hey , we do not mean anything by it . wayne what you need to do be chill out and listen hombre . nikita take out a gun and point it to Wayne 's head . nikita I chill out and put bullet in you brain . wayne oh God , please ! we really have good intention sir . nikita why be you here ? wayne ( spit out ) to take picture of you girl naked and stuff dildo in each other ass and put they on the Internet , sell they all over the world and then split the money with you . nikita stop , lower he gun and think on this . nikita why you no just say this ? buck he tell you we have good intention . 40 4l 27 . int . - strip club - night 40 the camera move past all the stripper dance and up to a booth in the back where nikita , Buck and Wayne all seem to be best friend . they be wedge in between other stripper and a few of the Russian bouncer . jack ( v.o. ) within ten minute this idiot think they be best friend with the Russian mob , and agree to strike a deal to split everything down the middle for the life of they new partnership . only this guy do not quite understand the nuance of be partner with the Russian mob . the boy shake hand with nikita and the rest of the Russians . they all raise they glass in a toast . Wayne turn to the nearly naked ukrainian dancer sit at he side . wayne so , do you live around here ? int . - strip club - day 41 it 's the next day . we see one naked exotic dancer after the other in various pose . ass up , on all four , spread eagle . by themselves . kiss . do lesbian shot . jack ( v.o. ) the next day they run around the strip club with a camera , gather video for they site . Wayne sit on a skateboard with the camera , be push around by Buck , use the board as dolly . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) within half a day , Wayne be convinced he be Steven spielberg . wayne give I a smile , baby , give I a smile . the meter at the bottom of the screen keep run . we be at thirty thousand . then forty . then fifty . a series of image 42 43 28 . more picture fly past the screen , more money tick off . we see various man all around the country join discreetly , some at home , some at work . int . —- van nuy 's apartment , live room - day 42 printout overflow into a garbage can , totally disorganize business mayhem . there be more paperwork come in than the man know what to do with or be capable of handle . single shot : mailman drop a entire bag of mail at the door that would take a month to sort . Buck be on the phone , Wayne pace in the background . jack ( v.o. ) so now they have to purchase a bigger server to handle all of the business . the mail be pile up and they have not even think of open it . this two fucker have no idea what they have start . within day , they be work around the clock . Buck hang up the phone . buck it will be here in three day . wayne I can not take this ! this be too much . too much ! ( beat ) maybe you should quit you job ... Buck perk up . smash CUT to : int . - buck 's office - day 43 angle on Buck 's desk . all of he work gear be pile high . he toss he zippo on top of everything . whoosh ! everything go up in flame . he smile and begin head out of the office . people begin scream . the supervisor grab a fire extinguisher and begin to put the fire out . he shout after Buck . 44 45 46 47 48 49 29 . supervisor you be fire you son of a bitch ! you be fire ! Buck give he the finger on the way out the door . ext . - buck' office - day 44 Wayne be behind the wheel of a brand new porsche , Buck jump in . they be pull off of the lot . int . - porsche - continuous 45 Buck turn to Wayne as they pull on to the street . buck let 's go to Vegas , brother ! ext . - 15 highway - day 46 a aerial shot that follow the porsche as the music take full control . we lose they on the highway ... as we drift over the desert and head towards a cherry red set sun . it do not get much better than this . fade out . impose legend : two month later ext . - LA skyline - night 47 we fly over downtown LA and reveal ... ext . - casablanca - night 48 a completely black clientele move in and out of this happen night club . jack ( v.o. ) two week have turn into two month , and it do not show any sign of let up , but the money be good . int . - casablanca - night 49 we move through pulsate light , pound music and couple dance , up to the only white guy in the club . he 's at the bar , sip a drink . as that it 's Jack . he look much better a guy on top of he game . he survey like humphrey bogart might . jame , a and good friend of Jack 's , sit next 30 . he turn , we see here , well dress , he domain , much large black bouncer to he . James look around the club . jame Boy Jack , the lady be out tonight . Jack nod and smile . he sip he drink . jame ( cont 'd ) all this fine ass and you do not fool around , huh Jack ? jack you know I , James . I be one of that marry guy who 's actually '' happily marry '' . jame you be sick man . mentally ill . a beautiful black woman name cynthia suddenly step into view . she talk to Jack above the music . cynthia Jack , Jerry haggerty just call . Jack wince . cynthia ( cont 'd ) he say he 's get another business deal for you . jack sure he do . what kind of business ? cynthia he do not say . he just want to know if you could meet he in Vegas . Jack mull it over in he head . jack ( v.o . ) haggerty be the lawyer who do all the business for the nightclub . in almost no time I have turn the place around . I would fire everyone who would be robbing the club . I suspect he be the biggest crook of all , but could not really prove it . 50 51 52 31 . ext . - mccarran airport - day 50 a limousine driver hold up a sign " jack harris " . Jack nod hello and head into he limo . int . — limousine - day 51 Jack sit in back , on the phone . int . - jack modest houston house , kitchen - day 52 diana be on the other end . she 's with she housekeeper , LAURA , she son michael , about ten , and Adam , about three , and Laura 's son , alejandro , also about three . diana ( into phone ) when be you come home , baby ? its be a few week , again . intercut as necessary jack ( into phone ) I be not sure yet . believe I I want to be there , I just can not right now . diana look at Michael . diana I know you be work hard , I just think you be miss so much ... jack I know . believe I , I know . diana maybe I could sneak away for the weekend . I will fly out to LA . jack no , do not . right now I be in Vegas . diana Vegas ? what for ? jack Jerry haggerty invite I here . 53 32 . diana oh Jack , that creepy lawyer from the club ? he 's nothing but trouble . jack he say he 's get some business venture . and if it be not for he , I would not have the night club . and that 's turn out more than okay . it save we ass baby . diana he 's slimey . be careful . jack alright , I know , you be right ... but at least I might get some laugh out of it . diana what start with laughter end in tear . Jack laugh . jack I love you , baby . diana Love you too . CUT to : ext . - desert inn golf course - day 53 jerry haggerty be drive a golf cart with Jack at he side . Jack just sit there listen to haggerty and he bullshit . haggerty I keep snap hook everything . this fuck golf pro tell I that all great player fight a fuck hook . now he 's get I hit everything into the fuck wood , and my handicap 's go up five fuck point . jack aside from you golf game , you must be do pretty well , Jerry . its not like you to pay for a plane ticket . haggerty oh , I be do great , Jack . I have get all kind of deal go on . 54 55 56 33 . jack so what " deal '' do you have for I ? haggerty I nil tell you a story you will not believe . jack of course you will . haggerty really . I be not kid . it 's like '' the treasure of Sierra madre '' meet the '' twilight Zone '' . flash CUT : int . — hard rock HOTEL , suite - night 54 Buck and Wayne look frighten and bloody up from some kind of beat . they also look as if they have be up for day party . Buck be on the phone yell , while Wayne pace in the background , chain smoking . haggerty ( v.o ) okay . I get a call from a friend that there 's this two guy be hole up ina suite at the hard rock and need some of legal advice . they start this business , but have no idea what they be do . int . —- hard rock HOTEL , suite - a different night 55 Buck and Wayne be party with a bunch of gorgeous hookers . they appear to be have the time of they life . haggerty ( v.o . ) a couple of month ago they make a whole bunch of money , like a million buck , and they come out to Vegas . start party for week . from what I understand , they go through a pound of blow , hit every hooker in town , and now , they can not pay they partner . resume golf course : 56 haggerty hook a shot with Jack watch . 57 34 . haggerty see , what do I tell ya ' ? everything 's leave and in the fuck weed . jack who be they partner ? haggerty a bunch of Russians in LA . nikita something . jack sokoloff ? haggerty yeah , that 's he . you know he ? jack yeah , he shake down a lot of night club 's , along with everything else in LA . I have be lucky enough to avoid he . he 's a rave lunatic . haggerty no argument there , Jack . flash CUT : int . — hard rock HOTEL , suite - night 57 nikita be in the hotel suite , with several of he russian mob soldier . one of they be he nephew , ivan , a particularly large , evil brow , son of a bitch . he be beat the crap out of Buck with a belt wrap around he fist . haggerty ( v.o. ) they be kick the shit out of this guy because they could not pay up like they be suppose to . wayne stop it ! you be gonna kill he ! Ivan take out a gun and put it in Wayne 's mouth . Wayne 's eye widen . 35 . resume golf course 58 haggerty this moron blow through all they money . so they go to my friend for help who come to I . and now I come to you . jack come to I for what ? haggerty to fix the problem , what else ? look , from what I understand , this business they have start be a real cash cow , Jack . jack if it 's such a cash cow , what do you need I for ? haggerty because Jack , it could be a herd . jack what be the business ? haggerty this be the best part . all they do be put a bunch of dirty picture on the Internet . I be tell you , inside a couple of month , they make over a million buck . jack I get a wife and kid . I be not get involved with porn , Jerry . haggerty point to several surround hotel on the strip . haggerty hey , let I ask you a question . you think Steve wynn or Baron Hilton be pornographer ? jack no ...of course not . haggerty well they get all that shit play on they tv 's , in all they hotel room . you name a hotel chain , they be make money off of porn . be they all pornographer ? ( more ) 59 Jack stare off Jack 's 36 . haggerty ( cont 'd ) I be not ask you to make porn movie , Jack . I be ask you to straighten out a business situation . 's at haggerty . jack hey haggerty , this guy be animal . I be not get into the middle of this . no way . haggerty just go meet with the guy . what 's the harm in that ? you can fix anything , this need fix , and maybe you could make a couple of buck . face ... int . —- hard rock HOTEL , casino - day 59 Jack be greet by richard wilk a casino executive at the door , Jack and Richard move across the crowded floor . Jack nod , richard welcome to the hard rock Mr. Harris , I be Richard wilk , anything you need . ( hand Jack he card ) . I arrange what you ask . ( Richard reach in he coat pocket and hand Jack and envelope ) jack thanks Richard . what suite number ? richard the bowl alley . walk away . jack ( v.o. ) haggerty . I be sure he big plan be to have I fix the Russian problem , get the business up and run and then figure out a way to rip it off . know haggerty , he already have that part figure out . he be already be investigate by the fed , and stink of desperation . if this be real , and I be go to get involved , he could not be a part of this , no matter what . flash CUT : 60 61 62 37 . int . —- hard rock HOTEL , suite - day 60 we be back in the hotel suite . Buck and Wayne be party , have a great time with the out call hooker . haggerty be off to the side , supplying the coke . int . —- hard rock HOTEL , hallway - day 61 jack ( v.o. ) from what haggerty tell I I know there be a lot of money in this deal . and that be good . the money be in porn . and that be bad . why I even knock on that door be beyond I . Jack knock on the door to the suite . he hear rustling on the other side . buck ( 0.s. ) who be it ? jack Jack Harris . the door open . Buck check he out and pull he inside . int . —- hard rock HOTEL , suite - day 62 the place be enormous . it look like a bomb hit it , fill with room service cart , and pile of cigarette butt that spill out everywhere and onto the floor . it 's real '' fear and loathing in Las Vegas '' type stuff . Wayne come up behind Jack and toss he into the wall , put a gun to he head . he pull back the hammer . Buck jump in the way . buck he 's okay ! he 's okay ! Wayne 's eye be nearly bugging out of he head . wayne how do you know ?!? how do you know ?!? you do not know what the guy look like ! Wayne start patting Jack down . he take Jack 's wallet and check he id . he look at it , then toss it back to Jack . 38 . buck do not mind he , he 's be up for eleven straight day . Jack turn and get he first good look at Wayne . he be dress only in a robe , which periodically open up , he dick hang out . this make Jack visibly uncomfortable . wayne it do not mean I do not see thing with clarity , man . I be a sharp motherfucker ! I be sharp as a tack . this little fucker be all over the hotel . buck there be not any little fucker . wayne oh , bullshit ! jack Little fucker ? what 's he talk about ? buck he 's nut . he think there 's leprechaun in the hotel . Wayne rush over , wave the gun around . wayne Little fucker ! Little fucker with tiny , little asshole , that shit this little fuck heart and clover ! I see they all over the place ! behind the cabinet ! under the fuck bed ! and they be listen device man ! buck that 's lucky charm dumbass . now shut the fuck up . jack guy , this room stink . Jack look at Buck . jack ( cont 'd ) you seem to be the brain of this outfit . you both need something to eat . buck I know , he will not let anybody else up to the room . 39 . wayne damn straight . we have get Russians after we . you do not think they have get Russians work in the kitchen ? they 'il poison the food , right ?... right ?... be I right ? jack I will eat the food first . if it 's good , I ' 1ll hand it over to you . wayne bullshit . what if I get a bad bite ? buck he 's afraid we be gonna get crack . we owe this Russians money . jack whacked . not '' crack '' , whacked . Jesus . and you owe nikita sokoloff money , probably the last guy on Earth you have ever want to fuck around with . what be you guy think ? buck I dunno . we be not . we just have all this money come in . I mean , more money than we would ever see . jack why do not you just pay they ? Wayne start wave he hand around . wayne be ! be man ! be ! you hear they swarm ?!? they sound like they be swarm !... right ? buck ( be : Wayne ) shut the fuck up ! and put you damn dick away ! ( to Jack ) we be high . we figure , what 's the rush ? I mean , everybody 's friend , right ? jack no , not with this guy . wayne Fucking bee , man ! 63 40 . buck Wayne , I be tell you for the last time . shut the fuck up ! I can not hear myself think ! wayne fuck you , man -- Buck grab a remote control , fire it off Wayne 's head . he charge he and tackle he to the floor . a gruesome sight as Wayne 's robe be entirely open as they roll around . Jack 's eye bulge . he then calmly get out of he chair and grab a champagne bucket , fill with melting ice water . he throw it on the two man , dousing they . the guy shriek , roll off each other , out of breath . jack guy ! let 's focus on why we be here . Jack sit in a chair across from they , still on the floor . a beat . buck we be so fuck dead , be not we ? jack no . but you have get to clean up . and tell I everything . CUT to : int . —- hard rock HOTEL , suite - day 63 it 's a hour later . there be a brand new room service cart there . Buck have clearly convinced Wayne to eat . the situation appear to be calming down , as Buck and Wayne do they best to explain everything to Jack . jack ( v.o. ) the amazing thing to I be that they have start a business that already could have make more million than I could imagine in such a short time . instead of pay , they hide out in a hotel suite , and spill more coke than most people be capable of do in a lifetime . ( more ) 41 . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I figure that have they keep they shit together , for just the last two month , they might be worth million . so maybe this would not be so tough to fix after all . wayne look , you have get to take care of this Russian problem . jack first of all , I do not have to do a God damn thing . get it ? Buck and Wayne nod , like child . alright . I need to figure out what you do right . obviously something because you make a million buck in two month . I know what you do wrong , you do not pay you partner . and base upon what I see here today , I can safely assume that you do not have the common sense that Christ give a cockroach , on how to run a business . wayne but you do , right ? jack right . buck so , will you do that for we ? jack not so fast . I will not make money by create porn . I have get a family . I do not have any interest in be a pornographer . if I be go to come on , we will never provide porn again . ( think out loud ) you guy figure out how to take a credit card from a person anywhere in the world and then deliver a product anywhere in the world , and neither side see each other . its genius , for sure . this be where the money be , long term . we just need to deliver the porn into home all over the world , process the payment and take a cut . buck what do you mean ? 64 65 66 42 . wayne I be not sure I understand . jack imagine there 's a basement , and in this basement there 's a chinese orgy ... flash CUT to int . —- chinese orgy - basement - timeless 64 a room fill with asian men and women , naked , get it on . we see two asian , yet americanize men with spiky bleach hair filming ... jack ( v.o . ) and imagine you be guy who like to watch chinese orgy ... but how be you go to pay to see it ? be you go to give you credit card number to a group of chinese pornographer overseas ? and what would it show up on you credit card bill as ... flash CUT to : int . - the all american farm home - day 65 the farmer' wife from the beginning montage open the household credit card bill ... c.u bill .... filthyasianwhores.com -- $ 29.99 the Farmer 's wife 's face boil with rage . she turn and see she husband in he overall . she walk up behind he and smashes he across the head with a fry pan . jack ( v.o . ) the divorce rate be high enough in this country without wife have proof that they husband be spend money on filthyasianwhores.com . back to : int . —- hard rock HOTEL suite - same 66 Buck and Wayne be like two mesmerize child , stare at Jack like he 's a genius . 43 . buck we could have hundred of site ... maybe even thousand , all under some nondescript name ? jack exactly , if I get a credit card bill and it say big tit dot com I may have some buyer remorse , but if it say software billing company , then who know what that mean . it 's safer for everyone concerned . win / win. Consumers get what they want , content provider get what they want and we make ten percent for handle the transaction . wayne yeah , then we could take a cut from all of that people out there that be already make it . be in the middle . Fucking middle man ! buck it 's limitless man , God damn limitless ! jack potentially . we have no downside , other than you Russian partner . buck where do haggerty fit in ? jack I be not so sure about haggerty . buck why ? he put we together . that would be kind of shitty to cut he out . jack look , he 's probably go to be indicted any time now . he 's get federal agent all over he . buck he tell we he be never even go to be charge . jack this be already a questionable business . I do not think it 's wise to team up with someone who be under investigation . we will have federal agent all over we too . 67 44 , buck look , what you be say make sense . but I just do not feel right about it . this guy 's save we life . jack get something straight . I be save you life . I be the one that 's gonna have to deal with this Russians , not Jerry haggerty . buck yeah but ... Wayne look at Buck , cut he off . wayne yeah , ok , fine . we be on board with you a hundred percent . partner , right ? as soon as you take care of this Russian problem . ext . —- haggerty 's house - day 67 the house be nice , far from palatial , but well keep . Jack ring the doorbell . haggerty appear in the doorway . Jack slap a envelope in haggerty 's hand . haggerty what 's this ? jack two hundred thousand dollar . now you be out . haggerty hey , wait a minute ... jack then I be out . give I back the money . haggerty no , no . wait . jack what 's it gonna be ? haggerty alright , alright , I will take the money . Jack nod and head back to he car . haggerty quickly take half the money and shove it in he pocket as he close the door . 68 69 70 71 45 . int . - haggerty 's house , live room 68 haggerty cross the live room and head for the kitchen . int . —- haggerty 's house , kitchen - day 69 Ivan , the Russian who put the gun in Wayne 's mouth , sit at the kitchen table . he sip a vodka . ivan so ? haggerty he cut I out . can you believe that shit ? what a prick ... how could he do that shit to a person ? I mean , I know he would , but it 's just so shocking when people be greedy like that . ivan what do he give you ? haggerty a hundred thousand . ext . - casablanca - day 70 Jack pull up outside the club in he car . jack ( v.o. ) the next morning I fly back with Buck and Wayne agree that I be on board . Jack park the car . he get out head for the club . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the deal be that we would not provide a frame of content ourselves . we be just go to be middle man . int . — casablanca -— day 71 Jack disable the alarm . he make he way through the empty club over to he office . 72 73 74 46 . jack ( v.o. ) I tell they to have sokoloff contact I . this idiot do not even know how much they owed . sokoloff 's guy call I and say it be a million buck . int . —- casablanca , jack office - day 72 Jack enter . there be a wall safe . he go to it and open it . jack ( v.o. ) and they want it pay in three installment of four hundred thousand dollar . Inside be cash , lot of cash . at least a million dollar . he empty about half of it into a bag . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's more than a million buck where I come from , but who be I to argue ? Jack close the safe and walk out . ext . - casablanca - day 73 Jack walk out of the club , the money bag under he arm . jack ( v.o. ) I remember feel pretty good that morning . maybe this be go to be the answer to my dream . diana and the kid would never have to worry about money again . and I would absolutely be out of this business in one year . it would be a tough year I think , but the result would be worth it . Jack get into he car and take off . ext . —- san pedro , california - day 74 various shot of the coast of San pedro . 75 76 47 . ext . —- jack 's san pedro house - day 75 it 's a beautiful place that overlook the ocean . Ivan pull up to the house in he black mercede . he get out of he car and head for the door . jack ( v.o. ) within a hour , some big Russian name Ivan be at my front door . Jack let Ivan into the house . int . - jack san pedro house , live room - day 76 the interior of the live room have a upscale beach house feel . Wayne and Buck sit on the sofa look very nervous . Ivan instantly lock eye with they . jack would you like a drink ? ivan I be not here to socialize . jack I be just try to be friendly . ivan we be no fuck friend . where be my money ? jack you money ? you mean nikita 's money , do not you ? ivan he 's my uncle . we money . family money that this two shit head owe we . you pay this to I . Ivan glance at a frame photo of Jack and he son Michael . ivan ( cont 'd ) or maybe I take this little boy for boat trip , no ? Ivan pick up the picture frame . Jack clenches he jaw with contempt . 48 . Jack open the blind to the deck revealing James , reggie and peanut with he very large , African american " wreck crew " . they stroll into the live room and quickly have Ivan surround . ivan ( cont 'd ) maybe I speak out of turn . jack let 's focus on why we be here . Jack drop a duffel on the coffee table . Ivan pick it up . it 's stuff with many packet of hundred . Ivan do a quick count of a single packet . he scan the packet , count , he lip move as he whisper number in russian . Ivan nod , and then smile . ivan okay . this be good . deal . Ivan reach out he hand . they shake . as they shake hand , from out of nowhere , James punch Ivan square in the nose . we hear a crunch , blood fly everywhere . Ivan barely blink as blood run down he face . jack James ... what the fuck ? jame he threaten Michael . peanut hand Ivan a bar towel . ivan good punch . now everybody be friend . let we have that drink . everyone start laughing and they head over to the bar . Buck and Wayne end up laugh along with Ivan ... Ivan put he arm around Wayne 's shoulder . Jack grab he cordless phone , hand it out to Ivan . jack maybe you should call you boss . tell he that everything have be settle . Ivan look reluctant . 49 . ivan this be okay . if I be happy . he be happy . jack it 's a lot of money . I be sure he would like to know it 's be collect . and I think it would make my partner sleep better . Ivan take the phone . he swallow hard , nervously . Jack stare at he skeptically for a moment . Ivan dial ... put the phone to he ear . after a moment Ivan suddenly relax . ivan it be machine . Ivan click off the phone and extend it back to Jack . jack oh . I guess we will try again later . as Jack grab the phone he feel it be wet . Jack look down and see he finger be stain with blood . so be the phone . Jack look up at Ivan . blood be trickle down from Ivan 's ear . Jack be suddenly terrify , even though Ivan seem to be do very well with he arm around Wayne . ivan I like you ! you always make I laugh ! we be friend now . wayne yeah , we be friend , right ! right ? Jack nudge James and motion with he chin towards Ivan 's ear . James 's face change instantly . as Ivan be talk to Wayne , he eye roll up in he head . he begin to slur he word as blood and puss pour from he ear . he collapse to the floor , foam from the mouth . his right leg kick violently , smash the coffee table to bit . Wayne stare in shock . wayne ( cont 'd ) oh , Jesus Christ ! buck what the fuck do you do , Wayne ?!? Jack and James rush over and check he pulse . 77 78 50 . jack be he dead ? James nod " yes " . jack ( cont 'd ) how hard do you punch he ?!? jame I do not know , Jack . I just punch ‘em like I always punch ‘em ! jack you ever hear of a jab ?!? wayne oh shit . we be so dead ... we be dead , right ? I mean , be I right ? jame shit , I be sorry Jack . Jack say nothing . buck what be we gonna do ? ext . - rental cabin cruiser - dusk 77 Jack , James , and peanut be toss Ivan ' 's body , wrap in a large tarp and chain , off the port bow . Jack be clearly white as a ghost . Buck and Wayne peer on from across the deck , like two petrify child . dissolve to : James be drive the boat back towards the light of San pedro . he and peanut take pull on a bottle of hennessey . int . - rental cabin cruiser , cabin - night 78 down below , Jack be drink too , stare off into space , listen to the sound of the engine . Buck sit across from he at the table , while Wayne pace in the background . wayne what do we do ? 51 . jack we do not do anything . we do not mention this to anyone . ever . buck what about the money ? jack we give it to he . wayne yeah , but he 's dead . jack but they do not know that . and that 's the way we need to keep it . wayne dude , you be not get it . you be just not get it . they do not get they money . jack as far as we be concerned , they do . wayne what be you talk about ?!? jack we give they the money . he disappear with it . end of story . buck but what if they still want it ? jack we do what we would do in that circumstance . we tell they to fuck off . wayne oh , no , no , no . this Russians be nut , man . they have kick we ass twice already . buck I say we just pay they . jack no ! we be not go to pay they twice ! wayne but we do not even pay they once ! 79 80 81 52 . Jack erupt . jack they do not know that ! if we be too eager to pay again , they 's 1l smell a rat ! they 's 11 know we do something to he ! buck how do you figure that ? just pay they and they 's 1ll go away ! wayne yeah , it 's not like you can not afford it . you still have the money ... right ? Jack get up . jack look , I have make it as clear as I know how . we be do talk about this . CUT to : ext . - GEORGE BUSH intercontinental airport - day 79 the plane touch down on the runway . ext . - jack modest houston house - day 80 a town car pull into the driveway . it stop and Jack get out of the back , carry he bag . the car pull away . he stare at the place like it 's a sight for sore eye . int . - jack modest houston house - day 81 Jack enter . the house look much as we last see it . diana appear with open arm . diana hey honey . Jack hug she , a little longer than usual . she pick up on it . she pull back and stare he in the eye . diana ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? he break the hug . 53. jack yeah . I miss you so much . diana so what 's this new business in California ? jack never mind that right now . Jack 's child , Adam and Michael , run into the room . michael daddy ! the kid run and attach themselves to Jack . jack hey gang . Jack look to diana . jack ( cont 'd ) let 's go out to dinner tonight . diana where to ? jack anywhere you want . 82 ext . - seafood restaurant - dusk 82 this fancy restaurant sit on the bank of the Gulf of Mexico . 83 ext . - seafood restaurant , terrace - night 83 we follow a waiter who carry a tray of seafood and fish to Jack 's table . at the table be Jack , diana , Adam and Michael . the waiter set the food down before they . Jack stare blankly at he broil fish , the head still attach . he turn away , clearly have a bad think . look out at the Gulf do not help . he 's suddenly a million mile away . diana you sure you be okay ? jack I be fine . 54 . Jack glance over to Michael , who be dump ketchup on he french fries . it look like blood . Jack take a breath . adam daddy , what do fish eat ? michael some eat plankton , some eat other fish . diana they eat whatever 's around . angle on jack , he mind be racing . jumpcut to : a school of ravenous fish be having a buffet on ivan 's face . there fish tail waggle as they dine on he eyeballs . 84 resume jack : diana snap he out of it . 84 diana Jack ! be you sure you be okay ? jack yeah , I be just not that hungry . 85 int . - jack ’'s modest houston house , bedroom - night 85 Jack and diana lie in bed . it 's late . diana stir , come out of a troubled sleep . she do not even have to look at Jack to know ... diana you be awake be not you . jack yeah ... diana I know you better than you know yourself . what be up with you ? jack just business . diana be you sure ? 55 . there be a pause . jack look , I be gonna have to go back in a few day . it 's a very new business . once I get it up and run , I promise you , I will be spend most of my time at home . diana I hope so . I would hate to lose you to California . jack it 's one of this new Internet business ... you know how it be . diana not really . I do not know anything about Internet business . jack they just take a lot of commitment . diana so do marriage . he nod , take she hand . they kiss . then passionately . int . - jack 's car - day 86 diana be drive Jack to the airport . diana so what kind of business be it ? jack I tell you . it 's a Internet business . diana yeah , I know . what kind ? jack it 's a billing service . diana oh . for what ? jack what do you mean ? diana what do you bill people for ? 56 . jack entertainment ... diana oh ? what kind of entertainment ? jack movie , picture and stuff ... diana look at he skeptically . diana you be not tell I something . jack Fine . adult movie . she laugh . diana yeah , right . jack I be not joke . she stare at he . diana c'mon , Jack be serious ... jack I be serious , diana . diana you be really not joke ? jack relax , I be not make porn movie . it 's a Internet billing service . diana Internet billing service ? I do not even know what that mean , Jack . you bill people on they computer ? jack yeah diana , computer . diana this be the stupidest thing I have ever hear . 57 . jack I think it 's the gold rush , diana . it could set we up for life in less than a year . diana well , I think you be crazy and it 's completely disgusting . and I do not want you do it . jack what about Steve wynn or Baron Hilton ? be they pornographer because they have this film in every one of they hotel ? diana I do not care about they , I care about you , Jack . jack diana , I will be out in a year . diana I do not want you to be a part of this at all . not even for a day . jack oh diana , c'mon . we watch the damn thing once in a while . diana I do not care ! this be disgusting , I do not like it , and I do not want you do it ! end of story , Jack . jack ( v.o. ) Little do she know it be already too late ... 87 ext . -— GEORGE BUSH intercontinental airport - day 87 Jack get out of the car . he kiss diana , head for the terminal . jack ( v.o. ) I could not back out now . I mean , I could just imagine the damage that Buck and Wayne would do on they own . they be the kind of guy who would get pull over for a DUI and start confess to some motorcycle cop about the murder . I have to keep a eye on they somehow . ( more ) 88 89 58. jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I would either end up arrest , or worse yet , dead by the hand of the sokoloff 's . ext . —- lax runway - day 88 the plane touch down . ext . - lax terminal - day 89 Jack walk out of the terminal . James be there , stand in front of a town car . jack ( v.o . ) so I go back to LA with my wife 's word roll around in my head . I be not in town two minute and the shit hit the fan . nikita and a few of he goons stand by a wait car . they motion for Jack . Jack eyeball they and force he best smile . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I know if I do not play this perfectly , I would be join Ivan . Jack walk over to the Russians . James grab he arm . jame ( quietly ) I do not like this . jack it 's cool . James bend down to take Jack 's luggage , get in he way . Jack put a calming hand on James 's shoulder . James straighten up with the bag . jame ( quietly ) I be tell you , I do not like this . jack it 's alright , I will go with they . I will meet you back at the house . Jack turn and head for the Russian 's car . jack ( cont 'd ) well , this be nice ... thanks . 90 91 59 . Jack get in the back seat with nikita and the car pull away . int . - jame ' town car - day 90 reggie and peanut be in the back seat . jame fuck this . we be follow he . James quickly peel away from the curb . int . — nikita 's car - day 91 jack I hope you guy do not take this the wrong way , but my guess be you do not do this just to be nice . nikita tell I about Ivan . jack Ivan ... what about he ? nikita what happen exactly ? jack I be sorry . what happen with what ? nikita be he be at you house ? jack of course he be at my house . why ? nikita tell I what happen . jack I be not follow you . we have a bunch of drink . we laugh a lot . then he leave . nikita nod . jack ( cont 'd ) be you gonna tell I what 's up ? nikita Ivan never get home . 92 60 . jack okay . so he 's out party somewhere . nikita stare at Jack . jack ( cont 'd ) what ? hey , I give he the four hundred thousand we agree to , plus fifty for you trouble . nikita what ? jack four fifty . I give he four fifty . nikita the figure be two hundred . jack that 's not what he tell I . I pay he exactly what he ask for , plus some . nikita so what be you say ? jack I be not say anything . what be he say by not show up with you money ? because it look like he rip you off . nikita backhand Jack across the jaw . the driver begin talk to nikita in Russian . we do not need a translator to realize this be not good . jack ( cont 'd ) what ? nikita next time , leave you dog at home . Jack turn , look out the window to see James follow . jack shit ... int . - jame ' town car - day 92 James , Reggie and peanut follow . as they approach a light , the Russian 's suddenly gun the car . it take off through the intersection as the light turn to yellow . 93 61 . jame shit ... James slam he foot down on the gas as the light turn red . people begin crossing the street . they scream as James swerve to he leave , narrowly miss they . now they be in the intersection . Cars slam they brake from every direction , horn blaring . they be box in . jame ( cont 'd ) motherfucker ! ext . - field - day 93 Jack be lead out of the car by nikita and the goons somewhere on the outskirt of lax . jet scream overhead as they come in for landing just a few hundred foot above . everyone have to shout over the noise . the goons have they gun draw . nikita tell I one more time . what happen between you and Ivan ? jack I can go over this a million time . my story 's not gonna change . he come to the house , I pay he , he rip we off . the Russian 's begin shouting . they clearly want to kill Jack . jack ( cont 'd ) ( be : gun ) this be a bad play , nikita . I be suppose to be you partner . you be gonna whack I over some shit I do not even do ? what be you gonna do when Ivan turn up and you realize you have piss away a whole bunch of money we could have make together ? nikita fuck you ! he whistle to he partner to pull the trigger . instantly , everything shift . James , Reggie and peanut have they surround , gun draw . everyone begin scream at once , jet thunder overhead . it 's a nightmare . jack put the fuck gun down ! 94 62. jame fuck this Russian motherfucker ! it 's mass confusion . jack hey ! hey ! hey ! a moment of silence . jack ( cont 'd ) let 's focus on why we be here ... this be about money , right ? come up with a number . what 's the number that square this thing ? nikita think . nikita double my end , pay every month . no matter what . no excuse . everyone slowly begin to lower they gun . nikita walk over to Jack . he cup he face with he hand . nikita ( cont 'd ) but if I find out you lie to I ... i'1l kill you , you family , you friend , people you have not even meet yet . we understand each other ? Jack nod . off he face , the screen burn to a hot white . int . — software billing office - day 94 a small warehouse have be convert into a office . a dozen computer and a dozen worker ... jack ( v.o. ) once nikita be handle , it be back to business . we start with just a small warehouse and a couple of small server ... we have about 20 different site after the first couple of month ... pan across the computer monitor as we see the page of various different site ... 95 96 97 63. jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) however , we be so quick in pay out we content provider that we start to get new inquiry from potential client every day ... int . - software billing office - board room - day 95 robin swallow , 37 , the hot MILF in the business and she exclusive partner alexandra rayne , 27 enter the board room scantily clad to say the least . jack ( v.o. ) this be what a inquiry look like . after a few month it look more like this ... int . - software billing office , lobby - day 96 two dozen different porn -star chick and there stud be seat in a wait area , all various type . milf , bondage couple and all nationality be equally represent . we hear at least five different language be spoken ... jack ( v.o. ) the money begin to pour in . and I try to teach Buck and Wayne how to be smart with it , to always re-invest in the company first . but they never seem to get it . int . - software billing office , buck 's office - day 97 Jack open up a drawer . there 's a check for two million dollar stashed under a stack of candy bar . Jack turn to Buck and Wayne . jack be you guy retarded ? this be two million dollar ! and you have get it stashed under some fuck candy bar ! buck sorry dude . wayne just relax , right ? 98 99 100 64 . int . — software billing office , wayne 's office - day 98 Jack be sifting through mail , magazine . there be a stack of old mail on Wayne 's desk . he pick it up and open the envelope . his eye bulge . Wayne stand in the doorway bullshit with some employee . jack hey Wayne , you have get a bunch of check here . this be like seven million dollar ! wayne dude relax . you be complain about money come in ? jack this check have be on you desk for week ! wayne dude , take a pill , right ? int . — software billing office - day 99 it 's a bigger operation now . worker move to and from office and cubicle ... new server be be bring in . Jack sit in he office . across from he sit Robin swallow , alexandra rayne and they business manager , a normal look guy in a suit . jack ( v.o. ) of course we also invest in we relationship . Relationships in this world mean everything . he and Robin shake hand . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and at home too ... ext . - jack houston house - day 100 this be Jack 's palace from the beginning of the movie . move truck sit outside it , park next to two mercede and a bentley . diana and the kide rush to Jack as he arrive in he limo . he bring present for the kid . hug all around . 101 65 . jack ( v.o . ) every trip home be like this wonderful homecome ... and I always make sure to bring present ... sometimes for the kid ... Jack hold he hand over diana 's eye ... jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and sometimes for diana . Jack remove he hand , revealing a giant diamond tennis bracelet . diana can not believe she eye . she smile and kiss he . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) now and then she would complain about the business I be in or that the new house feel so cold and empty without I . everybody think we relationship be strange but it be just fine . absence do indeed make the heart grow fonder . and over time she seem to adjust to I be go so much ... the screen once again burn to a hot white . title : five year later ext . tarmac - las vega - day 101 two dozen beautiful women now walk with the guy across the tarmac . James and he security team be surround they with suit on , earpiece in and walkie-talky ... jack ( v.o . ) as we become more successful , everything become a bigger look for we , we party , we lifestyle ... pull out to reveal two gulf stream jets waiting for they . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be not even about be smart ... you just have to be fun and you would draw more and more site which mean more and more money which mean bigger plane , bigger building ... 102 103 104 105 66 . ext . -— software billing build - day 102 Jack , Wayne and Buck cut the yellow ribbon surround they new giant software billing facility . jack ( v.o. ) bigger car ... Jack leave the lot in a limo . Wayne get in a bentley . Buck hop in a giant custom truck . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) bigger house ... ext . - buck and wayne 's palatial estate - day 103 establish shot of Buck and Wayne 's enormous house . jack ( v.o. ) ... and of course bigger ego . int . — casablanca nightclub - night 104 Wayne and Buck be stand on top of a table throw hundre dollar bill " make it rain " out to all the guy and girl dance around they . Jack nod in disbelief . ext . - vega HOTEL - night 105 we be at the avn award . it 's the equivalent to the Academy Award for porn . it 's a real red carpet event with a parade of producer , director and porn star . Jack look into camera . he be be interview . in some way he 's a different person . impeccably dress , ooze money and power . he 's clearly become a rock star . jack what I think we have do better than anyone be match the product , which be on one side and make it more accessible to the consumer who be on the other side . we keep the entire interaction discreet and professional . we never forget for one moment that this be a business . and like all business we exist by satisfy both we content provider and we content subscriber . 106 107 67 . over a parade of image of people on the red carpet ... jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you know the more time you spend around all this stuff , the more normal it become . it 's a world without any filter . it may be crass and in you face , but there be something incredibly honest about all of it . the outside world become increasingly strange and lame . you know that most of the outside world be look down they nose at you , but you also know at the same exact time , if they be really honest with themselves , they have kill to be on the inside with you . int . - cocktail party - night 106 Jack talk to Robin and alexandra . they be both hold hand and be clearly a item . Robin spot someone . robin hey , do you meet audrey ? Jack turn . it 's like he 's be punch in the face . across the room he lock eye with audrey dawn . she 's a combination of smolder heat and girlish charm . jack ( v.o. ) after all this year , everyone know I be a family man . but the second I see she , I know I be in trouble . CUT to : int . - cocktail party , private booth - night 107 Jack and audrey sit off to the side away the action . jack so , you be the talk of the town ... audrey I be ? what be you talk about ? you be . you be a rockstar . everybody know you . jack everybody know you , audrey Dawn . 68 . audrey do you like that name ? audrey Dawn ? jack I like it . audrey I make it up . I think it sound happy . you know , a good time have by all . jack how would you get into this business ? audrey it 's a long story ... but I be have fun . certain people be just good at certain thing . I be good at all kind of thing , and I be not ashamed of it . jack apparently not . audrey I think there 's just too much emphasis on guilt . all this guilt , guilt , guilt . guilt for what ? i’1l bet if you ask any old timer in one of that old folk home , they have tell you they regret the stuff they do not do . not the stuff that they do do . Jack listen . jack I would like to be in business with you . audrey I be not like you other site . I only do solo girl , just I , which seem to be enough . on screen anyway ... jack that 's fine . audrey I keep get rip off . jack that will not happen with I . audrey any chance you can get all the money that 's be rip off from I so far ? 69 . jack no . but whatever you be owed , I 'il pay you that figure up front , if you come on board . she smile . audrey come on board ? good title . 108 ext . — patio - night 108 Jack step outside to get a breath of fresh air . the light of Vegas glisten in the background . a few people mill around . suddenly , Jack spot haggerty , who stand almost in the shadow , talk to a young porn starlet . haggerty excuse himself and move over to Jack . haggerty hey Jack . thing seem to be go well for you , huh ? jack yeah Jerry . what be you do here ? haggerty I have client in all kind of business Jack , you know that . haggerty light up a Cuban cigar and blow a perfect smoke ring . haggerty ( cont ’d ) why do you cut I out ? jack I do not cut you out . I pay you two hundred grand up front , before I even know if there be a deal , do not I ? haggerty smile and look all around . haggerty yeah . but look at all the money you be make . all the money ... and no Jerry . jack come on Jerry , you be under indictment . 70 . haggerty oh that 'il never stick Jack . you know I be too smart to end up behind bar . Jack nod . haggerty ( cont ’d ) I think you say you would be out ina year . jack I never say that . haggerty sure you do . to the moron . they like I Jack . I be like a father confessor to they . jack well everybody need a church of some kind . haggerty yeah , but this be not like you . why be you still around ? it can not be because of the money . you be not greedy Jack . we both know you have already make enough . and it sure be not the pussy . you be a marry guy Jack . I mean I guess that 's not say much by today 's standard . but you be like a throwback , a actual faithfully marry man . so what be it ? what 's keep you around ? jack why do not you just enjoy the party and stop think so much . haggerty laugh . there 's hide meaning to he laugh . haggerty oh , but I just can not help myself . I love to think . I love hearing my brain go clickity clickity click . Jack nod and move past he . haggerty follow he inside . Jack move over to audrey . they begin to talk business . porn starlet begin to gather around the conversation . it 's obvious , they be the center of attention . 109 71 . Jack spot haggerty talk with Buck and Wayne . it clearly bother he . jack ( v.o . ) I have a real problem with haggerty . the only reason he would tell I that he , Buck , and Wayne still talk , be to put some kind of fear into I . but how much do he know ? Buck and Wayne could not be stupid enough to tell he about the dead Russian ? or could they ? I mean could anyone be that stupid ? angle on Buck and Wayne , who watch from the other side of the room , with little attention be throw they way from anyone at the party . wayne you ever get the feel this partnership be not such a real partnership ? buck he 's like Mick Jagger , and we be like a couple of roady . wayne yeah , that 's how he treat we . like we be roady , right ? buck oh , relax . we be rich , be not we ? jack ( v.o . ) yeah , they be rich , alright . but somehow guy like Wayne always think all they shit be go to be take away from they . int . — software billing office - day 109 it 's colossal now . worker move to and for . Wayne be sneaking around the office , clearly up to something , look over he shoulder like he be about to commit the crime of the century . he sneak into the man 's room . jack ( v.o. ) I mean , here 's Wayne , worth well over thirty million dollar in no time at all , and this dumb bastard be steal toilet paper from the office . 72 . int . —- software billing office , men 's room - day 110 Jack be on the toilet read the Wall Street Journal and take a crap . he reach over to the toilet paper dispenser . there 's nothing there . jack Jesus ... with he pants around he ankle , he begin check cabinet after cabinet . there be nothing . jack ( cont 'd ) fuck ! resume party ... haggerty step into frame . haggerty walk a few foot away and tap denny Z , 30 , on the back . denny Z be thin with greasy black hair . if ichabod crane be a pornographer , he have be denny .... jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) denny Z be a bottom feeder and a complete scumbag . the kind of person you would be embarrassed to spend time with . in this business , that 's say a lot . haggerty walk denny over to Buck and Wayne . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he be also the kind of guy , that after you shook he hand , you want to boil yours . denny shake hand with Buck and then Wayne . haggerty gentlemen , this be the legendary denny Z ... one of the best producer out there . his site be something you should really look into . denny Z I have some real interesting idea on the site 's future , man . I want to set up a sick - ass portal for my premium member , fuck cut edge shit man . buck I like what I be hearing so far ... 73 . wayne I too ... that 's brilliant , right ? denny Z I have not even tell you anything . haggerty do not worry about it . fuck the detail , let 's make a deal ! denny smile . that be easy enough . they all shake hand . jump CUT to : int . - casablanca - night 111 Jack 's club be pack to the rafter . Music be blast , people be dance . angle on : a private section . the VIP lounge . Jack sit on a sofa sip a bourbon . audrey sit next to he , a dirty martini with three olive in she hand . James stand above the table . James and Jack clasp hand . James sit with they . jame good to see you back . jack it 's good to be back . jame like old time . ( to audrey ) I remember he before he be such a big shot . he be just a little shot then . they all laugh . audrey how would you get this place ? jack well , I be live in Houston and I get a call from a friend to take over for a while because he get ill . I come out here and very quickly figure out that everybody be rip this place off . I fire a whole bunch of people and turn the place around , my friend could not work any more , so now its mine .. 74 . audrey not surprising . jack with a club you have get to keep you eye on everything . it 's a cash business and everyone 's look to rip you off . jame that 's why he 's get I . see if anybody steal 's from he , I go and kick they ass . I can not have any crook or thief around here , because I be too busy steal from Jack myself . they laugh again . James spot the bartender pockete a few dollar . jame ( cont 'd ) ( be : bartender ) like that motherfucker right there ... James get up . jame ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . James head off towards the bar . audrey so let I guess , you start to spend less and less time at home . you wife and kid become stranger to you , and now you find yourself lose and confuse with a twenty three year old pornstar . accurate ? jack you make it sound so cliche . audrey well it be , be not it ? it 's the oldest story in the world . it 's a carbon copy of my house grow up . absentee father . work all the time . a self obsessed mother . fifty , try to look twenty five . cocktail at noon . eight vicodin a day . her idea of a well round conversation usually consist of deep question like , '' do I look puffy ? '' Jack laugh . suddenly there be a commotion over by the bar . 75 . angle on : James roue the bartender , lift he up by he shirt . the bartender plead with he . bartender it be a tip ! I swear , it be a tip ! James look around at everyone in the bar . all eye be on they . James slowly put the bartender back down onto he foot and clean he up . we go back to Jack and audrey . audrey I keep wait for that inevitable question . jack what question be that ? audrey oh , you know . how do I choose this line of work ? how do a beautiful girl like I who 's obviously smart , jump into the porn business with both pump ? jack well , since you bring it up ... yeah , I be curious . audrey I be a tech geek , go to college to be a software engineer . try to get as far away from my mother as possible . I could build website better and faster than anyone . some of my girlfriend and I stripped on the side to put ourselves through school and then one of they ask I to build she a website . so I do . when I see the money that she make from it I know it be the " goldrush " ... I have to jump in . I would do almost anything for money to make myself independent . it be a very easy decision . Jack look at she , realize that audrey have a eerily similar story to he own . jack wow ... a tech geek ? audrey I have get a iq that test off the chart . no bullshit . I be in mensa . 112 113 76 . jack impressive . audrey smile and sip she drink . she look at Jack . she lean over to kiss he . Jack resist . audrey be you crazy ? she lean in again and Jack give in . they start kissing . ext . - road near airport - day 112 diana 's car drive along . int . - diana' car - day 113 diana drive Jack home from the airport . Jack look stiff as a board , guilt ridden . both of they have obviously be quiet for a long time , when diana break the silence . diana you be quiet ... Jack say nothing . diana ( cont 'd ) like I say ... Jack gaze out the window , say nothing , until ... jack you know , when I be a kid , we be break all the time . I know I have tell you this a thousand time , but lately , I have be think a lot about my father . he always put food on the table , but I know , even as a little kid , he be make miracle happen . that everything he be do , come from this minute by minute kind of think . he have no education and no fear . diana well , you seem to survive well , ina chaotic universe . Jack nod . 114 77 . jack yeah , well , that 's one of my talent . diana and the other talent you have get be to create a big mess so you feel at home . jack what be you say ? diana you be so much better than this . jack what be I do wrong ? diana you do not know ? jack no . not really . diana it 's just so horrible that I can not tell people what you do . jack and why be that important to you ? diana it 's not important to you ? what about we child ? how do you think they be go to handle it ? when they find out what they daddy do ? jack if we have raise they the right way , which I think we have , I assume they 's 1l be alright . diana you have not be raise they . I have be raise they . you be never home . int . - jack houston house , bedroom - night 114 Jack and diana be in bed . Jack reach for she . they hand meet . she turn over and face he . they look into each other 's eye , Jack want to find redemption , diana want thing to be as they be . they kiss . 78 . it 's passionate and wonderful . she unbutton she silk pajama blouse . he kiss she breast . she pull down she silk pajama bottom , give herself up to he . he begin kissing she thigh , move he way up . the light from the hall fall across she vagina . it 's hairy , like a real woman 's vagina . not a shave porn starlet . Jack stare at it for a moment . close up , the pubic hair look like a jungle . we hear the distant sound of African drum and animal screeching as we read Jack 's thought . resume Jack , he pull away . diana be still lose in the moment . diana what ? jack nothing ... get angry . diana what ? what be it ? it hit she . diana ( cont 'd ) you sick fuck . CUT to : int . - private jet - day 115 Jack sit in the plush jet , stare out the window . jack ( v.o. ) so now I be fly back to LA . I be feel like it 's pretty much over between I and diana . she be right . I be not there anymore . I would become addict to a lifestyle of money , sex and power that be light year away from family , or anything I have ever experience . 116 79 . int . — limousine - day 116 Jack look out the back of the limo as he ride around the street of LA . jack ( v.o. ) you see the biggest problem with my addiction , be that like all addiction , it sneak up on you slowly . you give into it , incrementally . in a almost imperceptible way . the other thing about it be that it be not the kind of addiction where you would wake up with a hangover . ext . - audrey 's house - day 117 the limo pull up to audrey 's house . Jack get out . jack ( v.o . ) it be not the kind of thing that would rob you of you life . it do not rob you of you wealth . Jack walk up the path and knock on the door . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the more I indulge , the richer it would make I . I have get to tell you , that 's impossible to give up . the door open to reveal audrey . she be a vision . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so I give in . CUT to : int . — audrey 's house , bedroom - day 118 they have just finish . Jack be stare at the ceiling . audrey 's head rest on he chest . with every heartbeat Jack look more conflict . Jack sit up . the curtain ruffle in the breeze . Jack watch they . audrey I can hear you thought . 120 80 . jack I believe you . you do not have to tell they to I . a long beat . audrey you like post orgasm silence , huh ? jack do not we all . audrey smile at he ... audrey aww you be so sweet , Jack . you do not have to be mean just ' cause you feel so guilty . do you need I to let you off the hook ? jack despite what you think , you do not have that kind of power . audrey do not kid yourself . I be young , I be hotter ... you like my pussy way more because it 's tighter and prettier . jack why the poetry ? audrey it 's one of my weakness . I hide behind my wit when I sense a attack come . jack well , brace yourself ... he kiss she . they begin to kiss passionately . ext . - hollywood park racetrack establishing - day 119 it 's a sunny day . int . - executive club - continuous 120 Jack sit at a table with audrey . they be look at racing form . 81 . jack you actually know what all this stuff mean ? audrey yeah , this show the horse 's past performance . this be the last time he run . this indicate how often the horse be run . see ? this horse run three time in the last three week . so it might be tired . and this horse here . it run well on a sloppy track . this show the class of horse . just because a horse win its last few race , do not mean it 's go to win against a different class of horse ... a waiter bring they a bottle of champagne . jack we do not order this . waiter courtesy of Mr. sokoloff . Jack turn . nikita sokoloff be seat about ten table away . he waife . Jack nod , put on he best bullshit smile . he turn to audrey . jack I ' will be right back . Jack move over to nikita 's table . nikita offer a seat to Jack . jack ( cont 'd ) thanks ... they sit alongside each other . jack ( cont 'd ) that 's very kind of you . nikita do you know that the FBI be follow you ? jack what ? 82 . nikita do not look . do not react . I be just tell you that that two man at that table overlook yours , be with the FBI . organize crime task force . I know they because they practically put I to bed at night . Jack laugh . jack what make you so sure they be follow I ? nikita what make you so sure they be not ? Jack turn and sneak a peak at the table . two big guy in suit , curt allman and bill romero , pretend to be read they racing form . nikita ( cont 'd ) they be also terrible actor . they stick out like sore thumb , do not you think ? jack that do not mean they be follow I . nikita do you see the man seat at the table next to they ? the one on the cell phone ? that 's my cousin yuri . they follow I . he follow they . he call I a moment ago and say they be talk about you . not I . be not that refresh ? maybe they tuck you in tonight , no ? jack there 's no reason for they to be follow I . I be just a business man . nikita laugh heartily . nikita be not we all ? nikita wave across the room at audrey . she return the wave . jack you know she ? 83. nikita yes . she dance at my club . Nice girl . Jack return to the table and sit down by audrey . audrey how do you know nikita sokoloff ? jack I do some business with he year ago . audrey yeah ? I too . jack you dance at he club huh ? audrey yeah , and he scumbag lawyer be the one responsible for I lose all that money on my site before I start do business with you . jack what be you talk about ? audrey nikita set I up with he lawyer to do my contract when I start my site . he really fuck I over . jack what lawyer ? I do not get it . audrey Jerry haggerty . Fucking scumbag . worst tipper ever by the way . jack Jerry haggerty be nikita sokoloff 's lawyer ? audrey yep . why , you know he ? jack motherfucker . let 's go ! Jack grab audrey by the arm and rush out . CUT to : 121 122 ext . —- haggerty 's house - night - same Jack be bang on the door . the door open a crack , revealing haggerty 's face . Jack force he way in . int . - haggerty 's house , live room - night they back into the house . haggerty oh hey Jack . what a surprise ... Jack take a few step inside and look around . it 's empty except for a tv on a box and a old sofa . haggerty ( cont ’d ) I be sorry there 's no place to sit . I be have the house remodel . jack you be sokoloff 's lawyer ? haggerty well , yeah , in a manner of speak . jack do not fuck around with I Jerry . haggerty yeah , yeah , of course . I be he lawyer . how do you think I find out about this situation in the first place ? Jack look haggerty right in the eye . jack you be the one that rip I off ! haggerty what be you talk about ? jack with that big fuck Russian Ivan ! that be you , I know it be you . he come to my house and ask I for double what be owed , and some of that be mean for you . haggerty alright , alright . so I try to take a little skim for Christ 's sake . you be make what ? ( more ) 84 . 121 122 85 . haggerty ( cont 'd ) Close to a hundred million now ? and you throw I chump change . that be not right Jack . and what do I get ? '' thanks for put this all together , Jerry ? '' that be not right , and you know it motherfucker . jack no , you he lawyer motherfucker , he should take care of you out of he end . haggerty aw shit , Jack . I owed they money . I borrow money from they on some shit that do not go right . I owed they so much money , they be beat the crap out of I , and use I for my legal service . then Ivan , the one who rip both of we off , it be he job to come over and collect . sometimes I have the money , sometimes I do not . jack you stay away from I . I have pay my debt to you . haggerty yeah , well that be not the way I see it , Jack . jack I be serious . you and I be finish . Jack start head for the door . haggerty we be not finish . we can not be . you be the one that kill Ivan , right ? Jack stop . he turn slowly . jack what do you just say ? haggerty I mean , you must have kill he . he 's go . vanish . like into thin air . jack it 's pretty obvious to I , he take the money and leave . 123 124 86 . haggerty yeah , I think that too for a while . but I do not think he would just run off with four hundred and fifty thousand dollar . I mean , he might try to start a new life with four or five million , but not chump change like that . it do not make any sense . I know you have something to do with it . jack if you even suspect it , you have be bleed I dry by now . haggerty either that or wait to catch the big fish . Jack move over to Jerry . jack if you even think of repeat this conversation , I mean , even in jest , I swear to God Jerry , I will throw you off a fuck roof ... I do not kill anybody . Jack head for the door . haggerty sure thing , Jack . do not get so uptight . we be just two guy talk . int . - jack 's san pedro house , live room area - night 123 Jack open the door . he take off he jacket and toss it onto a chair . he rub he face as he slowly head for the bedroom . jack ( v.o. ) I be hope to carve out just a moment of peace . Close my eye and dream up a solution . something really romantic , like haggerty get hit by a bus , or Wayne and Buck spontaneously combust ... but no such luck . int . — jack san pedro house , bedroom - night 124 Jack enter the bedroom . audrey be sit on the bed in a robe , painting she toe nail . she look up at Jack . 87 . audrey the FBI be just here . jack the FBI ? about what ? jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what she tell I next , I could not fuck believe . flash CUT : 125 int . - jack 's san pedro house , live room area - earlier25 allman and romero sit across from audrey . the agent be very much in control . audrey be a nervous wreck . allman do you know anything about terrorist , audrey ? audrey what kind of terrorism be you refer to ? do you mean national , international , eco , bio or just the straight up bad ass ? audrey and allman lock eye . he 's a little take aback . allman Middle Eastern terrorist , audrey . it seem that you have several high rank member of a terrorist organization who be big fan of you website . flash CUT : 126 int . —- german apartment - day 126 we see a terrorist member jerk off to audrey 's website . jack ( v.o. ) apparently , some terrorist in Hamburg , that interpol be on the hunt for , be obsessed with audrey . it turn out that they could literally track he whereabouts when he be logge onto the site . 127 128 129 130 88. the guy clearly shoot he load . his eye roll up in he head . CUT to : int . - german apartment - day 127 the terrorist member type on he computer . jack ( v.o. ) now apparently , he like audrey 's website so much , he e-mail another terrorist in Afghanistan ... int . — afghanistan apartment —- day 128 the afghani terrorist get the e-mail , find the website , and he begin jerk off . the screen begin split up with different terrorist jerk off to audrey 's website . jack ( v.o. ) pretty soon you have get a worldwide terrorist circle jerk all because of audrey 's site . CUT to : int . —- pakistan , hut - day 129 the last terrorist jerk off in a small hut , audrey 's site up on he computer . she 's do she thing , play with a dildo . the terrorist , just as he 's about to blow he load , hear the distinct whistle that accompany a income missile . ext . - pakistan , hut - day 130 the hut explode into a fireball . jack ( v.o. ) it turn out that they be scramble F - 16' off of air craft carrier whenever audrey Dawn be do she thing . CUT to : 131 132 89 . resume the bedroom 131 off of Jack 's incredulous face ... audrey they be not sure if we would volunteer to help they . I think they be try to figure out a way to force you into it , but they do not have anything compromise on you . she move closer to he . they kiss . audrey ( cont 'd ) this be crazy , huh ? she keep kissing he . audrey ( cont 'd ) I mean , we be gonna be like spy . work for the government . jack ( v.o. ) it be all so crazy . a twenty three year old porn star be about become a major component in George Bush 's war on terror . int . —- software billing office , men 's room - day 132 Wayne be in the middle of steal toilet paper , shove it into paper bag . Buck be check he nose to make sure there be no cocaine crumb anywhere . jack ( v.o. ) unfortunately , Wayne and Buck be become increasingly convinced that they be entrepreneur and no longer need my guidance . now what I do not know at the time , be that they have finally put together what denny Z be up to with they new secret website . wayne under eighteen ? you mean over eighteen ? or barely eighteen ? or just eighteen ? you hear wrong , right ? buck no. I see it . this be underage girl , man . 133 134 90 . Wayne freeze up . he 's clearly petrify . wayne oh shit . that be not good , man . Jack be gonna kill we . buck kill we ? we can go to jail for shit like this . wayne what do we do ? I mean this be totally fuck , right ? buck whatever we do , we just keep it cool . we say nothing . we will figure out something . int . - software billing office , reception area - day 133 Wayne and Buck enter the office , try to appear '' cool '' . the hot female receptionist motion for they to come over . receptionist hey guy , the FBI be here . Wayne turn white as a ghost . wayne wh...huh ... what ? receptionist yeah , they be in there talk to Jack . int . - software billing office , jack 's office - day 134 allman and romero sit across from Jack . jack terrorist ? romero that 's correct . jack and audrey ? romero right. gl . allman we have notice a pattern with they view . first , they prefer solo or girl on girl to hardcore . they 'il watch it , but they be incredibly homophobic . second , they enjoy site with military theme . jack military theme ? romero Girls pose with gun and the like . jack okay . allman so here be what the government be recommend . we recommend that audrey open up a new section to she site under a separate payment plan . angle on the outside of Jack 's office . Buck and Wayne sneak up and begin listen in . romero a portal . allman we will then monitor the activity to that portal through you . we feel this will be most effective . angle on Buck and Wayne outside the office . they whisper to each other . wayne oh shit , oh shit . what the fuck be we gonna do ? we gotta do something . we gotta do something , right ! allman you be do you country a great service . jack ( v.o. ) so now this two idiot be convinced that the FBI and I be conspire against they . meanwhile , I have no fuck idea what 's go on with they . they go into a panic , and who do they go see ...? 92 . 135 ext . - las vega country club , restaurant - day 135 haggerty sit with Buck and Wayne on the patio of the restaurant which overlook a golf course . haggerty you know what piss I off ? whenever you get problem you come run my way . if you get Russians that want to kill you , or you be worried about the FBI because of some sixteen year old on you website , suddenly I be you best friend . buck it 's not like that . haggerty bullshit . wayne how bad be it ? haggerty minor fuck on a website ? oh , that 's bad . wayne it 's not like it 's kiddie porn . they be not kid . it 's just that a couple of the girl be sixteen or seventeen or something like that . haggerty I be not so sure the government share you gift of nuance . a minor 's a minor . buck so what do we do ? haggerty you two knucklehead should dump this denny Z and get as far away from this as you can . buck what ? you the fuck guy who introduce he to we ... tell we to get into business with he ! haggerty that I do not recall but it 's really irrelevant now , be not it ? 93 . wayne well it 's a little relevant , right ?... be I right ? you bring this on we . haggerty gentleman , please ... nobody like to have a finger point at they . I demand the same respect I show you jerk -off . buck how do we make this disappear , man ? wayne hey wait . let 's not get too rash here . this website 's the hot thing we have get go . haggerty well then keep the website and see what happen to you . buck hey look . we see more money from this than anything else . haggerty let I ask you something . how much be you two bozo worth ? buck I do not know . wayne yeah , it 's kind of hard to keep track when it keep come in , right ? haggerty well what be it ? give I a ballpark . a hundred million ? buck yeah , I guess something like that . haggerty and you could not cut I in for a slice of this ? wayne look , Jack say you be under indictment and he do not want the FBI all over we . 94 . haggerty well that little plan do not work out too well , now do it ? Buck think about this . buck let 's partner up . haggerty sure . what about Jack ? you gonna talk to he about I ? buck we will figure something out . haggerty you would better , and get rid of that fuck website . you do not walk away from this , you be gonna get tag , bag and fag in a federal prison . they nod . they reach over to shake hand . buck hey thanks for everything . you be a real friend . wayne yeah , right ? jack ( v.o. ) but they do not get rid of the website . they be so fuck greedy and stupid , they could not stand the think of lose a million dollar a month . so they keep the site roll without tell haggerty . 136 ext . - private airport , terminal - day 136 Buck , Wayne and haggerty be say they good - by . haggerty now you be sure you have tell I everything ? I be serious here , I do not want to get blind sided by something and we all end up in court together . Wayne and Buck exchange glance . 137 138 139 140 95 . haggerty ( cont ’d ) I know it . there 's something you do not tell I . Wayne and Buck glance at each other one more time and start talk . flash CUT : ext . — rental cabin cruiser - dusk 137 Buck and Wayne watch as Jack and the bouncer toss Ivan 's body overboard . jack ( v.o. ) and before you know it , Buck and Wayne tell haggerty about the dead Russian ... flash CUT : ext . - underwater - night 138 we see Ivan 's body sink to the ocean bottom . jack ( v.o . ) every last fuck detail about how one of my bouncer accidentally kill he . CUT to : resume ext . - private airport , terminal - day 139 Buck and Wayne finish they story . off haggerty 's smile ... jack ( v.o . ) now this scumbag 's get I in the worst possible position . fuck I ... int . - jack 's houston house - day 140 Jack and diana sit at the kitchen table in complete silence . jack so , I guess we be talk about a divorce then , be not we ? 96 . diana well , we just can not go on like this , Jack . I despise the hypocrisy . jack I understand . diana no . I do not think you do . jack look , diana , I be still in love with you . diana oh bullshit ... jack I be . you be the one that push I out . diana I push you out ? you push yourself out . you jump out . I do not care how you spin it , disguise it , camouflage it , or homogenize it , you be a flesh peddler and you disgust I . and I do not want any part of it . jack yeah , just the hundred million dollar please . diana oh , you really make I sick . jack bullshit . you feel okay take it because it 's one step remove from you . somehow that make it all okay ? diana yeah , in my mind that 's just fine . jack well then you be use my argument against I . who 's the hypocrite now , diana ? diana oh fuck you , do not you get sanctimonious with I . you ruin my body with three child and then dumped I for some little , fuck whore . 141 142 Jack say nothing . diana ( cont 'd ) well , if you think she 's fuck you good , wait till you see I in action . Jack look at she . his body deflate . jack Fine diana , do whatever you want . I will not argue with you . I know I have get it come ... he slowly turn and head out . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so after that lovely scene , I head back to LA . int . — jack san pedro house - bedroom - morning 97 . 141 Jack and audrey be in bed , she head on he chest . Jack 's cell phone ring . Jack pick up the phone . jack vean ? ( into phone ) eah ? int . — jack houston house - night diana be on the other end of the phone . she 's upset . diana we son have be arrest ! intercut as necessary Jack sit up . jack what ? diana we son have be arrest ! jack why ? what do you mean ? what do he do ? diana God damn it Jack ! 142 143 144 145 146 147 98. jack I be on my way . ext . — private jet - day 143 the jet sail through the air . int . - private jet - day 144 Jack be seat on the plane , stare out the window . jack ( v.o. ) I be on my way to Houston within a hour . it turn out that Michael , my oldest son , do not like a few of he grade so he hack into the school 's computer system and change they to he like . int . —- dean's office - day 145 Jack and diana sit opposite dean loomis , the headmaster of the school . they be both extremely animated . jack ( v.o. ) so diana and I go to see the head of the school , Dean loomis . after some intense discussion and a generous donation towards the school 's new gymnasium , we finally convinced he to drop the charge against Michael . int . - jack houston house - day 146 Jack be yell into the phone . diana sit nervously in the background . jack ( v.o. ) but that be not enough . it turn out the Houston da be look to make a example of my son , and be proceeding with the charge regardless . ext . -— houston CITY hall - day 147 Jack walk into the building carry a briefcase . 148 149 99 . jack ( v.o. ) so I decide to pay he a visit . int . - CITY hall , da's outer office , - day 148 Jack walk past the secretary . secretary Excuse I . do you have a appointment ? jack no. Jack go into the office anyway , the secretary run after he . int . - CITY hall , da's office - day 149 Jack walk right in and sit down opposite the da , frank griffin , briefcase at he side . the secretary come in after he . jack my name be Jack Harris . I believe we speak on the phone earlier . secretary I be sorry Mr. griffin , he just walk past . Frank waife she off . she walk out of the office . frank I be not go to change my position Mr. Harris . you son commit a serious crime and although he 's still a minor , the state of Texas will prosecute he to the full extent of the law . jack look , Mr. griffin , he 's a kid . he dida stupid thing . I have severely reprimand he for it . the school do not even want to press charge . do we really need to go forward with this ? frank Mr. Harris , let I lay this out for you . I have get people , voter , upstand citizen , who I be responsible to . I have to answer to they . 100 . jack and this people want to see my son try for this ? frank well maybe the acorn do not fall too far from the tree . Jack shift in he seat . jack so that 's what this be all about ? this be more about I than my son ? frank well , we both know what you do for a live . you deal in pornography . jack I run a billing company . frank but you still deal with pornography . jack no more than any hotel chain . no more than any satellite or cable company . I be just a middle man . frank look , I do not want to get into semantics . you be a pornographer . you pedal pornography over the Internet . jack we be get off the subject . ( a delicious beat ) let 's focus on why we be here . Jack pick up he briefcase . he open it . he drop a stack of fax material onto Frank 's desk . frank what 's this ? Jack pick up one of the sheet and read . jack youngtightpussy.com. splendorintheass.com. blacksonblondes.com . this be you billing record , Mr. griffin . 150 151 101 . the blood drain from Frank 's face . Jack then produce a manila envelope from he briefcase . it 's stamp and address to the Houston Chronicle . jack ( cont 'd ) now God forbid this be to fall into the wrong hand and end up on the front page of tomorrow 's paper . can you imagine what that would do to a campaign in this nice , upstand city ? especially to a man whose voter base be a bunch of good , God fear Christian conservative ? I mean , that would be terrible . freeze frame : on Frank 's face . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) needless to say , the charge be drop . ext . - airport - evening 150 the Software billing private jet pull up to the terminal . int . - diana 's car - day 151 Jack and diana sit , watch the jet pull up . they be both incredibly tense . diana there 's a part of I that hate what you do to that man . but there be also a part of I that miss ... she begin choke on she tear ... diana ( cont 'd ) ..- be protect by you like that . I be so lose right now ... I be so angry ... and I be so confuse . Jack turn to she . jack diana ... diana please , get out . Jack nod and get out of the car . 152 153 154 102 . int . — software billing office - day 152 Jack head down the hallway to josh posner 's office , one of he engineer . jack ( v.o. ) I be not back in LA ten minute before the shit hit the fan . int . —- software billing office , josh 's office - day 153 josh 's office be scarce , except for a calendar on the wall . he sit in front of he computer with Jack look over he shoulder . josh when I be look for dirt on the da I come across this website . it 's under Buck and Wayne 's domain , but it 's not bill by we . jack it 's not bill by we ? then who the hell be it bill to ? josh you be not gonna like this . jack who ? josh denny Z. jack this be bad . josh it get worse . int . - software billing office , conference room - day 154 Wayne and Buck sit in the conference room with Robin swallow and alexandra rayne . they talk business , but one have the feel one of they film could break out any point . 103 . alexandra we have find that the scene where we be apart just do not hold the audience 's attention . robin we want to start a new series of film call , sixty nine from behind . suddenly , Jack burst into the room . he zeroe in on Buck and Wayne . jack be you out of you fuck mind ?!? before they can react , Jack jump across the table . Wayne be the close . Jack grab he by the throat and begin choke the life out of he . jack ( cont 'd ) underage girl ! be you out of you fuck mind !?! buck relax Jack , relax ! you be gonna kill he . Robin start scream . robin stop it ! stop it ! stop it ! Jack release he grip a bit on Wayne 's throat . Wayne fight to breathe . wayne we be gonna tell you Jack , I swear ! buck yeah , we just do not know how . wayne we do not know that denny Z fuck we , either ! Jack shove Wayne against the wall . jack where be he ? wayne I do not know . 155 156 104 . jack where the hell be he ?!? buck I do not know . we hardly talk . maybe at that house they shoot at in the Valley . Jack storm out . ext . - reseda house - night 155 Jack screech up in he mercede . we can hear thumping bass of the music come from inside . int . - reseda house - night 156 Jack enter . the place be dark . light flash . Music be blast . in the hallway , pace away , be a couple fuck . Jack stare . he step around they . the following sequence be a one long shot without cutting Jack head into the live room . it 's a tangle of flesh . Close to twenty people fuck in all position in the darkness and intermittent light . it 's like Dante 's inferno . Jack move through the crowd of sexual partner . he move to the dining room . couple be on table . chair . up against wall . he move through the kitchen . more fuck . couple play with whipped cream . Jack move past they and back into the hall . more couple fuck . everywhere . Jack open a bathroom door . two chick be suck a guy off . the guy waife and give Jack a thumb up . Jack turn . he move back through the kitchen . Jack move across the live room again , over to the staircase . he step over body on the stair . he make the turn and head for a bedroom . Inside the bedroom , be a melee of fuck , drink and drug use . a pile of cocaine on the night stand . Jack back out slowly . almost apologetically . 157 105 . he cross the bedroom . down the stair . down the hall to the backyard . through the door . outside be denny Z talk to two pornstar . Jack grab denny Z. denny Z hey , what the hell be you do ? Jack begin beat the shit out of he . he keep hit denny until he 's a bloody pulp . denny spit blood out of he mouth . denny Z ( cont 'd ) you son of a bitch ! i’1l fuck have you kill for this ! Jack turn . jack you will do what ? you 'il do what ?!? Jack see that denny have a gun in he belt . Jack take the gun away from denny and fire a shot through denny 's foot . denny scream in agonizing pain . Jack toss the gun and head back into the house , leave denny scream behind he . Jack go back into the house . he head back down the hall to the bottom of the staircase . something catch he eye . he move slowly back towards the live room . his face change . it 's audrey Dawn . she 's about to take on two guy in the middle of the floor . he stare . Jack leave the house . int . - jack 's san pedro house , kitchen - night 157 Jack sit at the kitchen table , a glass of scotch in front of he ... he 's be drink heavily and look dishevel . audrey enter the house and kick off she shoe . 106 . audrey whew ! hard day at the office . audrey head towards the fridge . she pour herself a glass of wine and join he at the table . Jack be incredibly quiet . audrey ( cont 'd ) what 's up with you ? audrey sip she wine . she already know 's what 's up . Jack smile ... then laugh almost maniacally . jack I use to sit at a dinner table with my family . audrey here we go ... be this old fashioned Jack ? jack Old fashioned ? you think family be old fashioned . audrey I think family be overrate . a bunch of people share the same name , profess they endless love while destroy each other 's dream . jack you be one twisted chick , know that ? but I guess you would have to be to end up at that house tonight get double team . audrey I tell you a million time Jack , I do not dig guilt . fuck guilt . look at you ... you be all about leveraging guilt . maybe if I be good over here , I can be bad over here . it 's destroy you . jack do it ever occur to you that maybe both of we have just switch off a part of we soul . audrey and what part be that ? 107 . jack the part that 's suppose to question this kind of behavior . audrey you be not go to start moralize , be you ? Jack , you have make all this money because of all the horny , frustrated guy out there who have to jerk off because they wife and girlfriend do not treat they right . so I become they little fantasy girl for five minute a pop , and make they forget for a fleeting instant that they wife and kid can not stand the fuck sight of they . no , I be not go to feel guilty about that and my soul be perfectly in fuck tact . Jack say nothing . audrey ( cont 'd ) you know what I be start to think ? I be start to think that you be full of shit ! I do not need to be here ... I really do not . why , so you can get a call in the middle of the night from you bitchy wife that one of you spoiled kid may not be able to take part in the local regatta at some prep school homecome ! I do not need that in my life ! I do not need you ! jack you bag be already pack , audrey . audrey stop . tear fill she eye . audrey really ?... why ? jack we do not belong anywhere near each other . audrey but ... you make I happy . jack happy ? you have another word ? audrey 's face contort with sadness and rage . she then throw she wine glass at Jack 's face . he block it , cut he hand ... 108 . audrey Fine ! not the first time I have have my fuck bag pack ya ' know ! jack and it will not be you last . audrey head inside , wheel out two suitcase . audrey do not bother to help I you piece of shit . you a real gentleman ! jack good news be , I will not feel guilty about it . she scream before head out and slamming the door so hard that one Jack 's picture fall off the mantle in the hallway and shatter . Jack get up and walk to the hallway , lock the front door . on he way back he stop and pick up the break picture frame ... c.u. frame -- a young Jack and diana with they small child . Jack fight back he emotion ... he walk with the break picture out to he back deck ... he take a seat in a chair and just stare endlessly into the distant light of San pedro . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I come to the conclusion that I want out . I mean , desperately . I just do not know how . I catch myself do something I have not do in a long time . pray . I be wonder if there be any good out there in the universe that could hear I , or if whoever it be decide a long time ago that I be not worth listen to . CUT to black : the sound of a ringing phone over black . 158 int . - jack bedroom - late night 158 Jack jump up from he sleep , grab the phone . jack hello ? 159 160 109 . ext . - FBI parking lot - night 159 agent allman walk to he car , on he cell phone . allman Jack , it 's , allman . I need to see you . intercut as necessary jack can it wait till tomorrow ? allman it can not wait a hour . Jack be take a back . ext . - harbor dock - lot - night 160 Jack pull into the lot . allman be wait for he , eat a hot dog by a long dock .. jack ( v.o. ) allman be already wait for I . I could not wait to hear whatever good news the government might have for I now . allman get in Jack 's car . allman you have be a stand up guy , Jack . as far as I be concerned , the government owe you a lot . two night ago , several top rank terrorist be take out in a fire fight in Afghanistan . arrest be also make in Europe , Indonesia . a series of image : door be kicked in all over europe and asia . arrest be made by the authorities . allman ( cont 'd ) all tell , nearly one hundred people round up ... the least I could do , be warn you . jack warn I about what ? allman the government know about some underage girl on you website . 110 . jack oh , Jesus ... allman no matter how you cut it , it 's child pornography , Jack . you will be indicted , and trust I , you will go to jail . jack I have nothing to do with that website . allman I believe you . I really do . jack alright . what do I do with this warning ? allman get out . now . as fast as possible . Jack stare at allman . jack I can not . allman look at Jack for a moment and then pull out a folder and open it . he hold various mugshot picture of Ivan ... then nikita and he goons . allman do it have anything to do with this ? Jack stare at the photo and do everything he can to remain stoic . allman ( cont 'd ) one of you ex bouncer be pick up on a drug charge two month ago . single shot : peanut be cuffed against a car ... allman ( cont 'd ) he tell we Ivan sokoloff , nephew of nikita sokoloff , be murder in you live room five year ago . flash CUT : 161 ext . —- jack 's cabin cruiser - night 161 Ivan 's body splashes down into the water . 162 163 111 . allman ( v.o. ) he say you dumped the body off the coast of catalina . resume harbor dock : allman ( cont 'd ) I have be in law enforcement a long time . I know when somebody 's lie . his story be just a bit too linear for I to write off as bullshit . jack I do not know what you be talk about . allman I be gonna tell you what I think happen . I think you get involved in this business hope to make a few buck and get out quick . I think you partner up with a bunch of lunatic who you can not trust because they have get this thing hang over you head . i’1l tell you the truth Jack , I really do not give a shit that Ivan sokoloff be dead . I think the world 's better off without he . I really do not want to arrest you on this child porn thing Jack , but I will be force to do that if you do not figure a quick way out of this . jack how the hell be I go to get out ? allman that 's not my problem . you just need to get out . Jack think on this . allman get out of the car . int . - jack san pedro house , kitchen - morning 162 Jack walk in . he 's clearly at the end of he rope . ext . - jack 's san pedro house , balcony - morning 163 Jack come out onto the balcony , hold a half bottle of whiskey . he stare out as the sun rise over the harbor . 164 165 112 . jack ( v.o. ) I be ask myself , how could thing get any worse ? Jack pick up he cell phone . int . -— jack houston house - morning 164 diana be on the phone . she 's hysterical . her eye be swollen . she barely make sense . diana you son of a bitch ! they take he ! they take he ! intercut as necessary jack what ? who ? what be you talk about ? diana you friend ! you disgusting friend ! flash CUT : int . - jack 's houston house - day 165 several thug wear mask move through the house . diana scream at the intruder . jack ( v.o. ) I be now pretty damn sure that Wayne and Buck have somehow tell nikita about Ivan . one of the thug punch diana out . they begin move down the hall . Laura the may grab she son , alejandro , and begin run down the hall to hide . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but put Buck and Wayne in charge of something , and of course thing will not go the way they be suppose to . one of the thug come out from behind Laura and tackle she . he grab alejandro and hand he off to the other thug . Laura scream and scream in Spanish . ( LAURA : por favor senior , dame mis hijo ! por favor ! por favor ! ) 166 113 . int . - houston bonaventure HOTEL , room - day 166 two Russian thug bring alejandro into the hotel suite . Buck and Wayne stare at the kid , each other , then turn to the Russian thug . buck what the hell be this ? russian thug # 1 this be boy . wayne yeah ? so ? russian thug # 2 this be boy from house . buck what be you talk about ? wayne yeah . this be not Jack 's kid . this kid 's a fuck mexican ! right ? russian thug # 1 what ? buck this be not Jack 's kid ! look at he ! he 's a fuck beaner , man ! russian thug # 2 what be beaner ? this be boy from house . wayne ( to kid ) do you speak English ? abla English kid ? he do not even speak English ! you take the fuck may 's kid ! the Russian thug look at each other . russian thug # 1 what ? buck the may ! the may ! this be the may 's kid ! 167 168 169 170 114 . wayne yeah ! Jack 's kid 's not a mexican , right ? flash CUT : int . - jack 's houston house - night 167 diana be on the phone with one of the Russian thug . int . -— houston bonaventure HOTEL , room - night 168 intercut as necessary russian thug # 1 if you want boy back , you husband be to deliver five million dollar . you go to police , we will kill boy and tell cop you husband kill a friend of ours . ext . - jack 's houston house - night 169 lightn flash . it 's raining . this be how we story begin . int . - jack houston house , den - night 170 Jack sit alone . rain shadow dance across he face cause odd pattern on he cheek . it 's as if the night cry the tear he cannot . Michael enter and approach slowly . michael you okay , daddy ? Jack can not speak . he just hold he tightly , run he finger through he hair . then Jack let go and cup he son face in he hand . jack I need you to do something for I . michael sure . jack you keep a eye on mommy . she love you , you get that ? 171 172 173 174 115 . michael yeah ... sure . jack I be serious ... and you need to stay in school . I know it sound corny , but trust I son , if you have a education , you be unstoppable . Michael nod , try to take it all in . Jack hug he again , kiss he , and head out . int . - jack 's houston house - night 171 Jack zip the duffle bag . diana hold Adam close to she . he look to diana . jack I be gonna get he back , diana . int . - jack 's mercede - night 172 a series of silent shot ... Jack 's trip to meet for ransom be intercut with shot of what could have be he life have he never leave Houston ... int . - jack 's houston house - night 173 Jack walk through the drive rain to he car . single shot : Jack with diana and the kid on a beach ... jack ( v.o. ) the ride be long enough for I to think about all that I do to get there ... I think about the year go by , diana , the kid ... I picture what my life would have be like have I never meet haggerty out in Vegas ... ext . - highway , houston - night 174 Jack drive along the freeway towards the bonaventure . single shot : Jack survey he LA club ... smile . Business be good . 175 176 177 116 . jack ( v.o. ) I think about love not money ... I think about what money use to mean to I . how I could have be just fine with the club . int . - houston , elevator - night 175 Jack ride up in a glass elevator along the side of the building , overlook the city . it 's all over he face . his thought be racing . single shot : jack eat seafood with he family ... they all wear bib . jack ( v.o. ) I think about big house and how cold they be , how family need to pass each other once in a while in the hallway , family need to eat together at night ... int . - houston bonaventure HOTEL , hallway - night 176 Jack move down the hallway to the suite carry the duffle bag . he push the door open . the door open revealing a Russian thug who let Jack in . single shot : Jack 's son Michael throw he a ball , he turn off the computer and go outside with he . jack ( v.o. ) I think about how underrate family be . int . -— houston bonaventure HOTEL , room - night 177 the suite have lot of window and glass , overlook the city . rain pound against it as lightning intermittently light up the room . jack ( v.o. ) I expect to see the Russians first . if not they , at least Buck and Wayne . but instead ... haggerty sit on the sofa puffing a huge Cuban cigar , blow smoke ring . Jack take a few step forward and place the suitcase down . jack ( cont 'd ) why be not I surprised ? 117 . haggerty laugh . haggerty because you be a smart guy , Jack . and you always be a lucky guy , too . until now . now the luck run out for you . ( be : duffle bag ) I take it that 's the money ? jack hey , let 's focus on why we be here . you do not get shit from I until that kid be well out of here . haggerty of course , of course . we be not animal Jack . this be strictly business . the money 's not for I anyway Jack , it 's for he . nikita move over with two more thug . he speak in Russian to they . they open a bathroom door . alejandro appear , spot Jack , and rush over to he . he hug Jack . Jack protectively bring he over to the door to the hall and open it . jack ( in Spanish ) go there ( point to the HOTEL room door across the hall ) . you will be safe . alejandro take off across the hall where James open the hotel room door . Jack shut he door and go back into the room . jack ( cont 'd ) thanks for not hurt he . Jack take the duffle bag and place it on the table . nikita unzip it and do a quick count of the money . nikita why do you kill Ivan ? Jack turn . Buck and Wayne be stand off in the corner . they look like two nervous school boy . jack I do not kill he . it be a accident . ask they . they be there . 118. wayne hey , fuck that ! we have nothing to do with it ! that nigger bouncer punch he . once. right ? he die . jack he threaten my family . I do not want it to go down that way . I doubt that this help , but I truly be sorry . before Jack can get another word out , one of the thug clock Jack across the face , just like Ivan . Jack stagger back and fall to the floor . nikita nod he satisfaction . haggerty easy . we do not want he signing this contract under duress . Jack slowly get to he foot . jack do you say something about signing ? haggerty that 's right . Jack look around the room at everyone . jack sign what ? haggerty get up and move over to the dining room table , where he produce a contract . he hold up a pen . haggerty come on , Jack . let 's get it over with . we give you the kid , sign this and everybody 's friend . jack what the hell be I signing ? haggerty everything . everything away to we . the business . to I , nikita , Buck and Wayne . Jack stare at everyone in the room . Jack nod slowly . he move over to the table and take the pen from haggerty . 119 . everyone gather around as Jack sign he name . as he do , a drop of blood fall from Jack 's nose and land on the paper . nikita slowly raise he gun . Jack close he eye , await he fate . haggerty start laugh . haggerty ( cont ’d ) I can not believe this ! I mean , straight up , I just can not believe this ! I have be wait and wait for this moment . haggerty turn to the wet bar , about to make a drink . haggerty ( cont ’d ) I be tell you shit , be finally go to turn around for old Jerry hag ... ecu : silencer - pffft ! Jack clinch he eye tight , sweat bead down he forehead . Jerry turn back around to the group . Jerry 's face start to change . blood start to slowly spread across he chest . he know something 's up , but it have not register yet . Jack open he eye . haggerty collapse into a heap on the floor . Jack stare . Buck and Wayne do the same , mouth open . nikita a piece of shit like that could not be trust . nikita point the gun at Jack . Buck and Wayne react . buck oh no , hey please kill ... please ... »~no more nikita turn , point the gun at Buck and Wayne . they attitude change quickly . wayne but better he than we , right ? nikita lower the gun , look back at Jack . 178 179 120 . nikita one have to choose he partner very carefully Mr. Harris , no ? Jack do not move . nikita ( cont 'd ) you make good business for we all this year . and sometimes , business more important than family . now get out . Jack nod , he move for the door quickly and leave . int . — houston bonaventure HOTEL , lobby - dawn 178 Jack walk through the lobby , completely empty except for a janitor work a floor polisher . Jack see alejandro stand by the doorway with James . he smile . he move towards he , take he hand . they walk through the slide door and exit the hotel . jack ( v.o. ) within six month , the FBI arrest everybody ... everybody but I , of course ... impose legend : six month later int . — prison holding cell - day 179 Buck and Wayne , wear orange jumpsuit , sit across from someone , talk a mile a minute . they lawyer be also present . buck so then Jack force we to go with he to dump the body . wayne yeah , yeah , yeah . and he tell we if we tell anyone , he have kill we , right ! someone ( 0.s. ) where do you dump the body ? wayne I do not know ! in the ocean ! the ocean 's the ocean , right ? 180 181 121. jack ( v.o. ) for some reason , the government decide they do not have enough evidence to prosecute the case . the camera spin around to reveal the someone as allman . int . — lax , lufthansa terminal —- day 180 nikita and a few of the Russian thug pick up they ticket and head for the gate . jack ( v.o. ) the Russians , however , all jump bail and disappear back to the mother country . resume present day ext . - jack 's houston house - morning 181 the rain have stop and have sweep the street clean . Jack pull up to the gate , and then drive up the driveway to the house . he get out with alejandro . Laura appear in the doorway , and they race towards one another . she hug and kiss he . Jack watch from a distance . it 's clear that he feel like a stranger . diana appear in the doorway . they lock eye for a moment . he search she eye . be there still hope ? she move back into the house . her hand trail behind , wedding ring on . she leave the door open . he take that as a signal , and slowly head towards the house . jack ( v.o. ) I ? i‘1l do my best to put all of this behind I , if I can . that be , if life will allow I that opportunity ... swish pan : we race away from the house at high speed , over the wall , across the neighbor 's yard and whoosh into the second floor window . a guy , with he pants around he knee , be jerk off in front of he laptop . as he climax ... roll credit .