the back ups by CHRIS henchy and adam mckay ext . manhattan bank - day it 's a perfect day in New York - blue sky and sunshine . int . new york bank - day just a few customer be in the bank as it near close time : a woman wearing sunglass with a baby stroller step up to the teller . teller hello there . what 's this little one 's name ? the woman reach down and pull a blanket off the stroller . the two other customer reach in and pull out slick semi automatic rifle . woman with gun ( thick german accent ) the baby 's name be push the alarm and you will have a giant bloody hole in you chest ! music : rapid FIRE snare drum score the robbery the woman take off a wig , revealing a man . all three robber look identical : blonde , baseball cap , blonde moustach , sunglass . bank robber 1 ( also with german accent ) everybody relax . I want no heroes ! if you notice I have a germanic accent , from the rhine region . something distinct to tell the authority . the Security Guard raise he arm submissively . bank robber 3 Three more minute ! barry , the assistant manager , walk over and open the door for Bank robber 1 and 2 while Bank robber 3 keep a gun on the employee and a few customer . barry this way ! teller Barry , what be you do ? ( continued ) continued : barry I have to . my daughter 's go to tulane . I want a plasma . it 's call live ! Barry lead Bank robber 1 and 2 to the vault . bank robber 3 one hundred forty second ! bank robber 2 ( in german ) there 's no money in the vault ! just this note !! bank robber 1 Barry , there be suppose to be two million in cash ! what the shit be go on !!! barry ( fast nervous description ) well see , the fed just come and seize all we cash and reserve deposit . right before that happen , the bank put all of its outstanding mortgage into four tranches , which be snap up by China , which be a good thing . Cash infusion , right ? wrong , sixty percent of debt be toxic . Cash from China be not come in and now we have have to issue promissory Notes to cover all reserve on deposit . but I assure you , in four year you be look at six hundred thousand dollar , a nice tidy sum . Bank robber # 3 hold up a bag . bank robber 3 I get eight thousand from the drawer ! let 's go ! all three Bank robber start to back out of the bank . Barry follow . bank robber 1 ( turn and point gun ) and Barry , just to guarantee that no one talk . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) barry I ask you a dozen time if you be go to kill I after the robbery and you say no . bank robber 1 I lie . barry I even ask you if you would say '' I lie '' if I ask you why you be go to kill I after - he shoot Barry . Barry 's lifeless body fall against a sign advertising low , low mortgage rate . sfx : alarm sound . ext . bank — continuous the '' Germans '' run out and into a wait car -- a late model mercede benz -- and speed off . cop car follow in the distance . int . mercede —- continuous off come the sunglass and wig revealing three chinese guy . bank robber 1 ( mandarin accent ) eight thousand dollar ! that robbery do not even pay for itself ! bank robber 2 ( thick german accent ) at least with we german accent they will never be able to identify we ! bank robber 1 stop with the accent ! it 's annoying . bank robber 2 ( cantonese accent now as well ) sorry . it be hard to master and I be proud of it . ext . new york STREET - a few block away close up : wide angle lens shot of a big fat american make tire and fender come into frame . man 's voice I be just say a pinch of sugar cut the acidity of the tomato . we go inside the car to find danson and manzetti -- iconic star cop ( think stallone , Willis , Jackson etc ) . manzetti be on the phone . danson sometimes I put two pinch .... manzetti no ! do not put two pinch ! ( and then to danson ) stop it ! my wife get confuse in the kitchen . she 's gonna wreck the sauce . a call come over the radio . dispatch ( v.o. ) we have get a ten thirty in progress . Three german male , drive a white , late model mercede . South on 6th Avenue . manzetti put a magnetic light on the roof , danson gun the engine . danson time to get we hair muss up . danson hit the tape deck . music : eric B and rakim 's '' follow the leader '' kick in . open credit start int . car - day danson floor it then cut the wheel and drive through a park . we see the cop car and the mercede speed through traffic and danson and manzetti power into the chase overtake the squad car . ext . mercede - day the chinese guy listen to a scanner . dispatch ( v.o. ) I repeat - a 2003 white mercede 300 with three german male ... bank robber 2 ( german accent ) we plan be exceed expectation . bank robber 3 seriously stop it . they hit the brake and skid to a stop around a corner behind a delivery truck as the cop car pass . ext . STREET —- day two guy jump out and with surgical precision they pull white '' skin '' off the car , revealing a silver nissan 300 zx . one rip off the mercede hood ornament and slap on a Nissan one . in the back , the other snap on a spoiler . they jump back in and punch it . int . cop car - same time we see two police officer in they car . they can not find they . dispatch ( v.o. ) anyone have a read on the mercede ? anyone . cop it 's like they disappear . ext . STREET - continuous danson and manzetti sit at the red light . manzetti ( into phone ) now just stir it on a low flame ... make sure it simmer . you do not want a full boil . ( continued ) continued : danson look across at the Nissan next to he . he see three chinese guy try to look relaxed . danson look closer . we see what he 's look at . reveal : a mercede hub cap . danson roll he window all the way down . danson hey fella , sprechen zie mandarin ? the chinese guy realize they have be make . they punch it through the red light smashing into a double decker tourist bus . danson and manzetti almost get hit by the toppling bus and cut around the corner . quick CUT : body shop Bill uncrumple in frame while action freeze : '' double deck Tour Bus .... 43,450 dollar in damage . '' unfreeze and back to action . manzetti ( still on phone ) just keep stir sweetie . ext . CITY street - continuous music : follow the leader kick back in . the two car battle for space as they fly up Park Avenue . we see store front with for lease sign in the window . int . danson and manzetti 's car - continuous Pov of danson as they drive to the divider on Park Ave . the chinese bump danson 's car . danson drive up the ramp , the chinese down below . they 've lost they . we see in front of he the entrance to a building . manzetti be you think what I be think ? crash ! danson drive through the window door and into the office building which tower over 42nd street . int . office build off 42nd and park they be on the second floor of a office . they drive down the corridor , take cubicle with they as people dive for cover . danson stop play mine sweeper ! get back to work ! they smash through the cubicle where a office worker be play mine sweeper and we freeze and then flash CUT to : two week later : a maintenance man finish fix the cubicle . maintenance man there you go , all set . we see the same office worker still play mine sweeper . he do not even look up . office worker thanks . unfreeze and back to action . the car smashes through a giant window and bounce down the stair separate two escalator . ext . office build - day the car crash through the glass and onto 42nd street . manzetti ( into phone ) just add a splash of red table wine . not the expensive kind ! int . nissan - day robber 1 look in the rear view mirror and see danson and manzetti pull in behind they . bank robber 2 mein gott !! int . danson and manzetti 's car - day manzetti reach behind the car seat and brandish a large fifty caliber rifle . ( continued ) continued : danson how would you get that ? manzetti I use a coupon . danson laugh . he 's have a good time . manzetti fire the 50 cal at the chinese . it 's like a cannon . sfx : thunk , thunk , thunk the chinese fire back with 38 . danson and manzetti hit there brake hard , screeching to a stop at a intersection . a old lady push a guy in a wheelchair who 's pushing a baby stroller through the intersection while all traffic wait . they watch the chinese speed off in the distance . danson ( be : wheel chair / stroller ) amazing , all the year drive the street and I have never see that before . ext . dock - a minute later a sign read beast tourist speed boat : '' all of Manhattan in twenty minute . '' all three chinese run and jump on to the boat . tourist jump off at gunpoint . the chinese gun the boat toward the statue of LIBERTY and freedom . danson and manzetti pull up , second too late . manzetti ( hang up the phone ) bad news . she wreck the sauce . manzetti hang up as they watch the boat head out of the harbor . danson be you think what I be think ? ext . hudson river - day the Beast fly across the water . in the distance be a wait tanker with a Zodiac raft next to it . robber 1 point the nose in that direction . ( continued ) continued : robber 1 a tanker ? how much do this robbery cost ? robber 2 we be go to have to get real job to pay this off . just then , the sound of they boat be drown out by a thunderous noise . music : amped up remix of follow the leader hover right over they be a helicopter fly by danson and manzetti . they smile . over a PA we hear . manzetti time to clean the garbage outta the Hudson ! danson zeroe the helicopter in on the Beast . closer and closer . he gently use the helicopter skid and pick the beast up , lift it out of the water . ext . circle line boat - day tourist line up on the bow of a Circle line Boat and take picture of the skyline . a middle aged man tourist be there with he wife . middle aged man tourist I be tell you , New York City have lose it 's edge . it 's not what it use to be . ext . beast - day the chinese climb toward the rail of the helicopter . one start to shoot at danson and manzetti . a bullet hit the skid . tight on the skid - the beast slip and plummet forty feet to the water and crash into the water . unman and still full throttle , it snake it 's way toward a giant sign : '' come soon trump marina ! '' . the beast crash into it with a giant , fiery explosion . the Circle line passenger watch . middle aged man tourist that 's kind of cool . I guess . ( continued ) 10 . continued : freeze on the explosion of trump marina . we CUT to Donald trump on the set of the apprentice 8 . donald trump and the winner of apprentice 8 will spearhead the rebuild of my marina . unfreeze and back to action ext . riker 's island - day the helicopter lower the three chinese into the yard . inmate cheer . inmate hey ! it 's danson and manzetti ! ext . intrepid - a hour later a huge crowd of reporter be in front of danson and manzetti who be field question with the Chief of Police , the Mayor and the d.a. behind they . reporter # 1 New York Post Online . be you guy at all concerned about you safety ? danson you know what I say , you can always take a motrin later . huge laugh from the press pool . reporter # 1 wipe a tear away and jot down the '' quote '' . reporter # 2 New York Times Online . be it true that after forty - six million dollar in property damage that the robber be catch with only eight thousand dollar ? silence . more silence . manzetti look like someone do not have they morning coffee . huge laugh from all the other reporter . reporter # 1 you guy be the best ! ( continued ) 11 . continued : reporter # 3 entertainment weekly Online . danson , manzetti , how be you department handle the current budget cut and lay off to the the force ? manzetti so long as we get enough to buy bone for ol 's Arnold here . manzetti 's bulldog bark , cameras flash , medal be pin on by the Mayor . we pull out of the PRESS conference : int . station - d.a. special unit - day danson and manzetti enter the precinct . everyone cheer . danson hold up the medal danson ( hold up paper ) this be for all of we ! manzetti even though it specifically just say we name on it . a lot more applause . cameras flash -- we pan over through the crowd to allen gamble ( will ferrell ) . he snap another photo . his partner terry hoitz ( Mark wahlberg ) slap the camera down . terry stop it man . allen what ?! freeze : MAIN title : the back ups danson we be go to celebrate at butter tonight . deejay skeleton penis be go to be spin . manzetti we get brody jenner , bai Lynn , some kid from Road rule . anyway , you be all on the list ! ( continued ) 12 . continued : danson and manzetti head out as lieutenant mauch , 55 , give they a wave . lieutenant mauch Nice work today detective ! ( then to the other ) now we get chinese national with no paperwork -- INS nightmare , fifty million in property damage . this paperwork be go to be thicker than the beje phone book . who want to be a hero ? allen ( very loudly , enthusiastically ) I do ! ( then ) Debbie ! I be go to need a new mouse pad ! two box of uni-balls micro tip in blue ! Terry watch Allen grab the stuff . we meet scott martin and rick fosse - Martin and fosse - two detective , cool , connect and ready to be heroes . fosse alright ! '' spell check '' be on the case ! martin '' spell check '' and '' hero '' pull up on the rear ! all the cop laugh . Terry walk over to Allen who be type with a big smile on he face . terry Jesus , look at that big smile on you face . allen until there 's a piece of paper with the word guilty on it justice can not be serve . paperwork be the oxygen justice breathes . so feel free to make fun of I all you want behind my back . terry if I be go to say something , I will say it to you face . I do not like you . not like '' I do not like onion . '' I mean I do not like you on a muscular , raw smell level . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 13 . ( 2 ) terry ( cont 'd ) if we be in the wild , I would attack you . even if you be not in my food chain , I would go out of my way to attack you . if I be a lion , and you be a tuna , I would swim out and eat you . allen there 's a reason people talk behind each other 's back ! at least pay I that courtesy ! detective bob delaney ( Mike delaney ) poke he head in to the conversation , hold a mug of coffee . he 's a affable and pleasant guy . bob hey guy , you see american idol last night ? I can not believe that girl win ! I mean , wow ! she 's a cutie . terry it 's a bad time Bob ! int . edit BAY - night a unseen figure watch a monitor . on it be david ershon , 40 set . 's , suave , be interview in a Bahamas type david ershon ( English accent ) how do it feel be a billionaire ? yesterday I kite surf with a nude super model on my back . the day before I gota six hand hand job from triplet ... can I say that on tv ? leslie stahl you own thirty percent of the network . you can say whatever you want . david ershon ( chuckle ) that 's right , I do . how do it feel to be a billionaire ?... stellar . the unseen figure repeatedly rewind it . ( continued ) 14 . continued : david ershon ( cont ’d ) ..- stellar ... stellar ... stellar . dissolve to : ext . office - next day a sign read : '' 9am : grief and relief counseling - nypd '' int . office - day a therapy group of police sit in a circle . one man , the therapist hold a clip board . a veteran cop share . hoitz sit in the center , listen . veteran cop a brown tar heroin bust have get sticky . buddy and I hightail it down to Chinatown . Ugly misty night . sleeting , but stick . we split up and turn the corner and I be look at four member of the crazy Eye have dragon . other cop murmur -- '' nasty '' , '' oh shit , I know where this be head '' , '' why have you split up , you never split up ! '' therapist shhh . this be not about judgement , this about deal with the pain of use you gun in the line of duty . please go on ... veteran cop anyway , three I peg as scared , I will hold off . I spot the one with the even hand . I get the drop on he , pop off two round on a roll put red carnation on he chest like he 's go to the frickin prom . now stand and act this out . other cop yea ! pop ! pop ! veteran cop I hit two more in the knee and raise up to take out the leader and just then my gun jam . click , click . I be a dead man . ( continued ) continued : other cop oh shit ! veteran cop I hear a whistle . look up and it 's my partner tuck away on a roof . he say , '' let 's even the odd '' and drop I down a mosberg pump , clip action , matte black , nice . I send one right through the bag of h he 's hold and into he chest . game over . all the cop applaud and cheer . therapist okay , this be suppose to be about you feeling after use you weapon to harm another human ... how do you feel after this ? veteran cop I get a medal and a thousand pat on the back . so how have I feel ? like a rhino with a badge and a hard - on . cop all cheer . therapist stop !! we be suppose to be express grief we bury inside ourselves after a traumatic experience . okay , Officer hoitz ? everyone look at he , stare he down . cop # 3 why 's he even in here ?! therapist he 's in here because this be a place where we can share without judgement . Terry ? terry okay . I , uh , I relive it every night . bronx , October . game seven of the World Series . you guy know the drill . High pressure , unruly crowd and I pull tunnel duty . we see this unfold . 15 . 16 . int . yankee stadium - night Terry in cop uniform be guard a tunnel . a shadowy figure be walk towards he . terry ( v.o . ) I see a shadowy figure in the tunnel . I tell ’em to stop . over and over . finally I pull my gun . we see Terry scream '' stop ! '' Terry pull he gun . the shadowy figure have a baseball bat . terry ( cont 'd ) and he pull a deadly weapon and start run at I . cop it 's call a bat ! come on ! terry I do not know ! I warn he again and then I shot . we see terry run to the figure he shot in the leg . as he bend down , the light in the tunnel brighten and we see it 's derek jeter . derek be wear a ipod . cop # 2 ( v.0 . ) you shot jeter ! derek jeter my leg ! you shot I in my leg ! back to real time everyone stare at Terry with such disdain . terry he be wear in ipod ! he could not hear I !! Jose vizcaino replace he and go o for five , yankee lose the World Series . I relive it every day . cop # 3 so do I . I lose ten grand on that game cause of you . ( continued ) 17. continued : terry I be top of my class , number one in marksmanship in the city , number three hapkaido and now I do paper work . cop # 4 jerk off ! therapist listen , Terry mess up . he do a incredibly dumb and hurtful thing that no other cop would ever do and he career will continue to suffer for the rest of he life . beat . terry but ? therapist but what ? terry be you go to say something about move on and heal ? therapist no . I finish my statement . I have box seat for that game . Officer tranton ? cop # 4 stand up and start waxing the story . cop #4 okay so I be undercover on a white slavery case against the Russian mob ... some of the police reveal popcorn . cop # 3 oooh , this be a good one . int . d.a. 's special unit office - same time the office be bustling with early morning activity . Allen be deep in paperwork . Martin and fosse come and sit on he desk . fosse hey Allen , how 's that paperwork go ? ( continued ) 18 . continued : allen great . I have see a real increase in illegality in construction permit , specifically scaffold . I would call it a crime wave actually . martin that 's real interesting . hey how come you have never fire you weapon in the office ? allen who fire they weapon in the office ? martin we all have . allen that seem a little dangerous and maybe against the rule . fosse rule ? dangerous ? we be cop . the gun be a tool of we trade . it 's okay to use you tool . this be a professional environment . allen come on ! martin you really think we have lie to you about fire you weapon in the office ? it 's call a desk pop . it 's a tradition in the force . allen really ? martin yes , really . take you gun out . Allen tentatively pull he gun out . fosse pop one off ! allen I do not know . this feel wrong . martin wrong ? we be cop . this be what we do . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) martin ( cont 'd ) there 's no safer place in the world to fire off a round than in the station . allen wow , now I be kind of excited . I be go to do it . wait , let I ask the Lieutenant --- nah , nevermind I be just go to do it . ( aim ) up or down ? martin fosse up. down . allen ( cont ’d ) Boy , I do not know guy . martin you be over think it ! just do it ! 19 . Allen fire straight up into the ceiling . sheetrock panel fall down and dust . immediately all the cop pull out they gun . some guy hit the floor . sfx : alarm go off in the distance . allen it 's okay ! desk pop ! first ever desk pop ! fosse and Martin be laugh . Terry run in , gun draw . terry what the hell be you do ?! allen ( talk loud from ear ringing ) I do my first ever desk pop ! it 's a real thing , right ? right ? terry a desk pop ?!! no that 's not real !! allen I think so but then they make it seem real ...!! smash CUT to the lieutenant’s office ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 3 ) Allen and Terry be seat on a couch talk to the Lieutenant . lieutenant mauch Allen , you be go to need to hand over you gun . allen really ? Lieutenant mauch reach into a drawer . Allen put he gun on the desk . Lieutenant mauch pull out a black wooden gun . lieutenant mauch here we go . this be a dummy gun . they use it for ceremony . it 's wooden . knock it on the table . lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) ( hold up Allen 's gun ) you get this back when you can prove to I you can handle it . terry this be not work Lieutenant . dobb need a new partner . his get laid off . allen I think we be do great . we be still in the grow pain stage but I see a big upside . lieutenant mauch not on my watch ! allen why do you say that ? lieutenant mauch honestly , I be tired of deal with you guy and it seem strong and definitive . now get out . Allen put the gun in the holster . it do not really fit and stick out . smash CUT to : 21 . ext . fifth avenue - same time Midtown - lunch time crowd , eat outside over the exhaust of taxi . a construction crew be destroy a building with a wrecking ball , front end loader , jackhammer and lot of dust . foreman let 's go ! lunch ! as the construction worker leave they post , a soldier type , 30 , buzz cut , in a track suit , jump up on the wreck ball . foreman ( cont 'd ) hey ! get outta there ! what the hell be you do ? the soldier pull out a taser gun and shoot off two electric prong into the Foreman who convulse and hit the ground . music : bad ass score we see the soldier be swinging the heavy lead ball across 5th Avenue . it crush one cab , and send another fly across the Avenue . people run for cover as the giant ball swing back and forth , narrowing in on it 's target -- the cartier flagship store on fifth Avenue . the ex - soldier speak into a headset , timing with the swinging ball . soldier in three ... two ... one . the window and whole front of the cartier store shatter . two more soldier -types run and start clean out the cartier window of diamond . int . precinct - later that day Allen and Terry be work at they desk . fosse hey Allen , all this month , flash you badge at any pizzeria , free pizza . allen I know it 's not true ! ( continued ) 22. continued : terry that 's enough , I be serious over here ! martin what have you care ? you hate he . terry I never use the word hate . and he 's still my partner . you guy be just J hole with tie . allen but be it true ? about the pizza ? Cause it would be nice . you always see it on tv show ... free food for cop . radio dispatch ( v.o. ) robbery in process . 470 fifth Avenue . they be use a wreck ball to clean out cartier . everyone scramble . martin / fosse we get it ! terry already head out . we hear danson 's voice come over the radio . manzetti ( 0.s. ) ( over the radio ) yeah , danson and manzetti . we be roll heavy . danson ( 0.s. ) hey Felicia , I will pick you up a nice anklet while I be there . dispatch ( 0.s. ) ( embarrassed ) you be the best danson . Terry , Allen , fosse and Martin turn back to they desk . Terry lose it . he kick over a water cooler . terry dammit ! I be a peacock ! let I fly ! allen Terry do not ... ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) terry God give I wing !! let I use they !! fosse wow . that be uncomfortable to watch . CUT to : ext . fifth avenue - day danson and manzetti fish tail they car in front of cartier . the ex - Soldiers have load up the they cargo van and be speed off . manzetti well , well , well ... at least they have get good taste . danson I be a movado man myself . danson and manzetti punch the accelerator and give chase . the ex - Soldiers cut through traffic and slo mo crash into a water fountain in front of a Office Building . the Van flip and roll by the front entrance and the Soldiers climb out and run for the building . manzetti I do not know who 's crazier . we or they ! danson and manzetti screech to a stop and chase after they into the high rise building . int . office build - continuous danson and manzetti haul ass into the lobby and into a elevator . they hit the '' 40th floor '' and '' close door '' . as the door close , a old hand reach in . a old lady talk to she daughter . old lady Fifteen . danson hit fifteen . both guy sigh . ( continued ) 24 . continued : old lady ( cont 'd ) I tell he let I get you a tv tray . he say I 'il just put the plate on my lap . I say , this tray have a snow scene of vermont on it . you can eat , enjoy the snow scene and watch '' wheel of fortune '' at the same time . he tell I to shut up about the damn tv tray . he just come to hook up the cable and he want to leave . fifteenth floor open up . the Old Lady look out of the door . old lady ( cont 'd ) nope . this be not it . it 's either the 16th or 22nd or the 28th . she start hit a bunch of floor . danson dammit . stair . danson push the door open and they run out . ext . roof - continuous stair door crash open . danson come out , breathe hard , follow by manzetti . manzetti you be eat too much of sal 's pizza . they both split up and scan the roof . danson look over edge to the street below as manzetti run over . danson dammit . they Pov : two ex - Soldiers be on the ground wait for the third . the third be midway down a impressive zip line slide that 's be shot out of the 20 th floor to the STREET below . danson ( cont 'd ) this guy be pro . they both lock eye . they know each other only too well . manzetti be you think what I be think ? ( continued ) 25 . continued : they both stand on the ledge . in slo mo we see they leap off the 40 story build , arm wave , foot bicycling . it 's glorious ! smash CUT to : ext . cemetery - day tight on the blur of drumstick hold by white glove . rat -a-tat -tat follow by the humm of bagpipe . music : '' amazing Grace '' as play by the nypd pipe and drum Corp during a funeral procession . we see cop line up in dress blue , white glove - it 's a impressive turnout for impressive guy . News crews cover the story as two horse draw coffin slowly make they way past the crowd . ext . cemetery - hour later the Mayor give a eulogy . mayor two day ago , this city wept . we lose two heroes who give everything for this city ... as we pan across the crowd we hear quip from different cop . cop who jump from forty storey ? ... past another cop . cop # 2 I hear manzetti have a eighty eight i.q. -- that 's clinically diagnose as '' dull '' . .».. past another cop . cop # 3 .+. I have a piece of art in my front yard . Real nice modern sculpture ... manzetti take a shit in . think it be a toilet . not a smart guy . the Mayor continue . ( continued ) 26 . continued : mayor I only hope in Heaven , God will give they a medal , a slice of sal 's and a silver plate .44 just to keep everyone in check . lot of laugh . we end on Terry and Allen . everyone salute the coffin as the drum start up . Terry and Allen whisper to each other . terry this be we moment Allen . we moment to be the guy , step up , fill the void . allen this be a funeral ! have some respect ! terry what ? you do not think every other team here be not think the same ? they both look across to see Martin and fosse - also whisper , conspire . both party catch each other look and guiltily stop chat . int . italian american hall - a hour later music : tasteful string version of Bruce springsteen 's '' glory day . '' it 's the Memorial service follow the funeral . a lot of people be eat baked ziti off of paper plate . allen ( on cell phone ) I ' 1l be home when I be home ! just put the dinner on the stove ! bye ! he hang up . allen ( cont 'd ) my wife be a real piece of work . Martin and fosse walk up to Allen and Terry . fosse hey , you guy seem real talkative at the funeral . Real talkative . ( continued ) 27 . continued : martin scheme like two little mouthy bitch . terry hey , if you guy be look to mix it up . I be all about that . fosse ( laugh ) you be not worth the pit stain . look at this two jamoke . one shot jeter , the other shot a office . allen guy , keep it down . we be ata funeral . fosse step up into Allen 's face . fosse ( whisper ) watch it gamble . I ‘’1l smash you little bean count nose so far down you throat you will be able to smell you own taint ! Terry step up to fosse 's face . terry ( also whisper ) come on fosse ... you wanna roll ? I ’‘1l kick you fat head in and then use you brain juice as shoe shine . Bob interrupt . bob hey guy . you have that ziti ? it 's really outstanding . terry get outta here Bob . Martin lunge at Terry . they start viciously brawling on the ground but quietly , try not to draw attention . allen ( gently whisper ) take he , Terry . take he ! it 's the quietest nasty fight ever . some other cop come over and start cheer on Martin but all in whisper . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) fosse and other cop ( all in a whisper ) kick he ass Martin .... come on ... that 's it .... fuck he up ! danson 's widow , 19 , walk by . Allen nod to she with the whisper fight behind he . allen I be very sorry for you loss . the Lieutenant run over and whisper yell at they . lieutenant mauch ( whisper yell ) what the hell be go on ?! I be over there consol the grieve family and you guy be have a damn street brawl ? he look at fosse and a bloody - nose Martin , then at Terry and Allen . lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) ( whisper yell ) we be at a goddamn funeral ! two man have die ! allen ( whisper ) I tell they that . a weep woman walk by be consol by the d.a. terry , allen , martin , fosse , lieutenant sorry for you loss ... hello Frank ... sorry for you loss . as soon as they pass , Terry punch Martin and they go at it again . all ( whisper cheer ) kick he ass ... oh !... come on ! the Lieutenant pull they apart again . lieutenant mauch that 's enough you jackal ! the Lieutenant undoe he tie and pull out a red vest . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 3 ) lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) if you need anything I be do the night shift at target . tonight 's manager special - oster blender . great for the wife . ext . banquet hall - ten minute later we see Terry walk out take off he tie . Allen catch up to he . allen thanks for step in back there . I think I could have handle it , though . terry he have the drop on you . he be on you weak side , backlit , not you dominant eye - you would not of see the first punch . allen well thanks . where be you go ? terry I have get to go see my ol 's lady . someone who get I . he keep walk . Allen keep up . allen I do not know you have a girl . int . ballet studio - night music : tchaikovsky - plucky Harp several dancer stretch on the rail . one woman stand out -- she 's beautiful and graceful . this be francine . a svelte , muscular , black male dancer hold she leg . Terry and Allen enter -- clearly out of place . terry what the hell be you do ? francine I be dance . what be you do here ? ( continued ) continued : 30 . terry I love you francine . you do not even ask about Terry junior . he miss you . francine Terry junior be a dog ! you name he after yourself to try and guilt I . terry everyone on the block still ask about you . slappy and choochoo and the guy still sing doo - wop tune around the ash can . they can not believe we be not together . francine you have to stop ! you have to give up on this fantasy . I move on a long , long time ago . the black dancer walk over . dancer francine , be this guy bother you ? terry who 's this guy ? he you new boyfriend ? francine he 's my dance partner Terry . terry what ? you do not think I can do this shit ? Terry turn around and do a impressive pirouet into a arabesque into a grande jete en attitude . he walk away . terry ( cont 'd ) I love you francine ! allen he love you francine ! ext . ballet studio - night Allen walk with Terry . Terry 's upset . allen I do not know you could dance . ( continued ) 31 . continued : terry we use to do that dance move to make fun of guy . show they how queer they be . allen you learn to dance like that sarcastically ? terry I guess . allen I just realize after a year work together , you have never be to my house for dinner or meet Sheila . terry I do not know . you wife seem like a real ball buster . allen Sheila ? yeah I marry young . but she 's harmless . ext . queen brownstone - later that night we see a prius park in front on a modest brownstone in a middle class queen neighborhood . int . brownstone - dine room - same time Terry and Allen be seat at a modest dining nook table . the house feel like a math teacher 's , humble yet smart . Allen be show Terry some paper work . allen here be three downtown construction site that be totally unpermitted . and this be just from last month . the budget cut have gut any regulatory tooth the city have ..... terry do not you get it ? danson and manzetti be go . when I say this be we chance to step up , I do not mean this . ( continued ) continued : 32 . allen honestly , do anyone know why they jump off that building ? terry who care ? there 's a vacuum in this city and we could fill it ! Allen , it 's time to be a real cop ! female voice ( 0.s. ) Soup 's on ! just then Allen 's wife sheila , 34 , come in with dinner . she be absolutely stunning . she wear a sun dress and could easily be a movie star or model . sheila you must be Terry . sorry I have be hide , this be a tricky dinner . terry uh , hi . you be Allen 's wife ? sheila I know people be always shocked because he 's Episcopalian and I be Catholic . but it work . allen this smell delicious honey . be you go to change for dinner ? sheila I already do . allen uh-oh ! Foot go in mouth ! seriously though honey , be you go to change ? you look , not so great and we have company .... Sheila be seat and serve dinner . sheila I be sorry baby . just for tonight I think I have go casual . terry it 's no big deal .... you look nice . allen you do not have to be polite Terry . she look terrible . ( hold up iphone ) ( more ) ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) allen ( cont 'd ) this be my people Magazine fashion app . I type in what you be wear and you get ac plus . sheila Allen love he app . and screw people Magazine . I do not want to look like reese witherspoon . terry why be you with Allen ? I mean , how do you guy meet ? sheila its a pretty typical '' how we meet '' story Terry . I be a dancer for the knick while finish my residency at Columbia Hospital . Allen come in , he hurt himself . he be unemployed and uninsured . needless to say , I fall for he immediately . allen not immediately . sheila that 's right ... Allen be still dating he old girlfriend dianne Lane . but once they split I jump in there . terry you date dianne Lane ? allen ( mouth full ) y-up . Dark day . CUT to : ext . brownstone - a hour later Terry say goodbye to Allen and Sheila . sheila it be really nice meeting you Terry ! terry likewise , Sheila . Allen , remember what I say . this be we time . start tomorrow we both clock in ready to rock and roll . ( continued ) 34 . continued : allen so what 's that ? bicycle pants , mesh top and reebok ? terry no. start with not that and work from there . thanks again for dinner . they close the door but we hear Sheila as it close . allen ( 0.c . ) why would you dress up as a french maid ? the house be clean . dissolve to : int . bedroom - next morning a alarm clock go off at 6:00 am . next to it be a badge and a gun . we hear news radio blaring . news anchor ( v.o. ) 1010 win ! stock market drop 220 but the big story , a shoot on the westside highway leave a bronx woman hospitalize - we see Terry asleep in he bed . his bedroom be a mess of dirty clothes . he reach over and hit the alarm off . terry I get this one . music : ac / DC '' ride on '' montage of terry getting dressed : - jeans pull up . - T-shirt throw on . - knife tape to he calf . - cool necklace . - a dab of warning shot cologne - shoulder holster strapped and gleam baretta lock and load . - topped off with a well wear leather jacket . 35 . ext . garage - continuous the door fling open on a dusty old garage revealing a car under a cover . Terry fling off the cover - it's a amazing 1970 dodge coronet - a classic cop car . shiny black , cherry . he give the car a little kiss . terry it 's we time Carol . at the end of the driveway , Allen pull up in he prius . he see Terry lean against he impressive dodge . allen let 's just take mine ! music out . int . prius - day Allen drive with Terry in the passenger seat . both they head be cramme into the car cause of its low ceiling . allen I apologize in advance if I ’ma little out of it . Sheila and I get into last night . terry what be you guy fight about ? allen she want to take this blow job class at the learn annex and we just do not have the money in the budget . woman , huh ? terry yeah ... that 's ... mess up . Allen take out he iphone and make a call . allen ( into phone ) yeah , I be tailing driver number 649 . I just have to say , he 's do quite well . terry what be you do ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : Allen motion to the bumper sticker on the back of the truck in front of they which read . '' how be I driving 1 - 800 - drv cmmt . '' allen Calling in with a report .... ( back to phone ) he 's patient . he 's signal at the all the proper time and he 's keep a nice even speed . he 's a real pleasure . okay , have a nice day . he click off he phone . terry you gotta be kid I . allen how so ? terry why you have do that ? allen this country thrive on feedback . that guy will drive back to work and there will be a nice message wait for he . it 's call pay it forward . the radio crackle in the car . dispatch ( v.o. ) we have get shot fire . 232 Grand street . there be large amount of narcotic on the scene . Terry pick up the receiver . terry detective hoitz and gamble . we get it ! we hear Martin and fosse crackle on the radio . martin ( vo ) this be detective Martin and fosse . fuck you hoitz . this one 's ours ! terry punch it ! ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) allen America !! Terry pop in a CD on the radio . bad ass heavy metal kick in . music : prong 's '' SNAP you finger , SNAP you neck '' Allen cut through traffic with he prius . he put a little Radio shack siren on the roof . it have a cigarette lighter charge that run across he face from the roof . music : change to little river band '' reminiscing '' terry what the hell be that ? allen lrb . Little River Band . terry the idea be we play some music to get we pump for the call . allen exactly . Allen turn up lrb louder . Terry turn it off . terry let 's go with no music . fosse ( v.o. ) this be detective Martin and fosse en route . we be two minute out ! terry ( into radio ) negative ! hoitz and gamble have already make the call !! martin ( v.o. ) hoitz and gamble should get ready to do we paperwork . and please do not shoot any beloved baseball player . terry punch it Allen ! I swear to God you drop that foot like a lead weight or I be go to shoot you in the foot !!! ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 3 ) allen abhhh !!!! I be gonna do it !!!! ext . second ave - day Allen punch the accelerator and the car shoot off like a rocket . swerve in and out of traffic , go at least ninety . terry that 's too fast !! easy ! ext . crime scene - day wide shot as Allen drive right through the yellow tape and into the crime scene . a bag of white powder explode in the air as they car hit it . allen ahhhhhhhhhhhhiiiill lh hilt we hear the telltale bump of drive over a body as they stop . the entire crowd gasp and stare in shock . the crime scene be destroy . ext . crime scene - day Terry and Allen sit in the prius as Martin and fosse coolly walk up . martin that be nice guy . forensics be gonna love you . ext . crime scene - night Martin and fosse run the show while Terry and Allen stand with the crowd behind yellow tape . fosse emerge from a building with a guy in handcuffs . the crowd cheer . Martin and fosse turn to the gathere PRESS -- light flash , reporter , etc . martin let 's just say , the only white powder this guy will be deal be flour in the kitchen for a bunch of inmate . there 's a beat of silence -- ( continued ) 39 . continued : fosse make biscuit ! then the Reporters cheer . several do they sign off . reporter # 1 look like it 's prison biscuit for this criminal . but the real question be : be Martin and fosse the new Super cop !? only time will tell .... Allen pop in behind the reporter # 2 's shot . allen except they be not ! int . gotham grille restaurant - that night a upscale restaurant . Terry and Allen sit at a table in as a waiter prepare a caesar salad for they table side . we see the waiter be actually lieutenant mauch . lieutenant mauch I can not have you guy out there wreck crime scene . terry sorry Lieutenant . Martin and fosse jump we call . lieutenant mauch crime be change detective . a busboy come over and fill the water glass . lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) you guy remember , guillermo vasquez ? busted seventeen time for b&e . terry hey . I think I break you collarbone once . what be you do here ? busboy right before I take this job , I break into a apartment . be go to grab a plasma screen , a couple of lap top . you know what they have ? a afghan and four CD . people be hurt bro . sparkle or flat ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : allen flat . Lieutenant be serve the salad , it 's elaborate . lieutenant mauch all I be say be be sure you make you case count . drug , animal and sex . that be the crime that get air time and keep we budget up . Fresh pepper ? allen / terry yes .... please . lieutenant mauch and if you guy feel like bitching , remember I should have retire three year ago . now I be work three job . allen not to be a pain but can I get this without anchovy ? lieutenant mauch go jump up you own ass . the Lieutenant go to serve another table . lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) how 's the birthday boy do !! CUT to : int . prius - the next day Terry and Allen sit in the car eat sandwich . allen how long you be with francine ? terry we date five year . allen that 's tough . be you guy high school sweetheart ? terry no . fourth grade to eighth grade . it be intense . ( continued ) 4l. continued : allen so you be twelve when you split ? terry yeah . I just can not get she out of my heart . I remember this one time in fifth grade we be throw brick at a old tv in the garbage and she take my sprees and I be cry . listen to I , I sound like a Movie of the week . allen I guess ... man , that 's young . terry braveheart meet he wife when she be six . a call come over the dispatch . dispatch ( v.o. ) get out you cash reward card , here 's a good one -- some reality star be hold a lingerie model hostage at the Plaza . we hear siren start up in the distance . terry this be detective hoitz and gamble en route ! ( to Allen ) this time I drive . int . school - same time Martin and fosse be mentoring a bunch of sixth grader . martin you be go to be get a lot of pressure to join a gang . and there 's one way to avoid this . and that be - a call come over fosse 's radio . dispatch ( v.o. ) ( crackly barely audible ) hostage situation ... lingerie model ... ( continued ) 42 . continued : fosse we get to go ! martin yep . okay where be the gun ? pass ’em to the front ! Martin and fosse look out to the kid who be pass around they gun . ext . CITY street - day Terry and Allen drive . they look up . News helicopter litter the sky . allen everyone 's come out for this one . Allen hit the music : music : Little River Band 's '' night owl '' terry no ! no more . clearly we have difference in music . you listen to what you want , I 'il listen to what I want . smash CUT to : int . prius - one minute later Terry and Allen barrel down the street , in silence with ipod head phone on , clearly groove to they own beat . ext . fifth avenue - plaza HOTEL - same time News van screech to a halt in front of the Plaza Hotel where a dozen cop car and police be surround the building . int . prius - day Terry and Allen drive . something catch Allen 's eye . allen stop the car ! the car screech to a stop in front of a upscale apartment building . ( continued ) 43 . continued : terry this better be Jimmy hoffa sell crack to oj ! Allen be stand and look at a residential building with scaffold while check he iphone . allen this be a death trap .... a absolute death trap . Terry get out of the car . terry if you say the word '' permit '' I be gonna clock you I really be . cop car with siren blaring screech past in the background . allen I be check record on my City permit app and there 's nothing on this address ! six ton of scaffold over a public sidewalk and they do not fill out a permit ? Building 's register to a David ershon -- money manager . Allen have he picture on he phone . just then david ershon , the man from the 60 Minutes interview , exit the building in a hurry . allen ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , sir ? be you David ershon ? the gentleman start move towards the limo . Allen stand in front of he . allen ( cont ’d ) be you David ershon ? david ershon yes , now if you could please move , I be in a hurry . allen you have the right to remain silent . anything you do or say can be , can be ... what 's the next part ? terry can be use as a flotation device . ( continued ) 44 , continued : ( 2 ) allen can be use as a flotation device . okay , that 's not funny . it 's be awhile since I have miranda have someone , okay ? david ershon it certainly take you long enough . I guess I always picture a more impressive arrest scene . Allen lead ershon to the car . we hear they radio blare . dispatch ( v.o. ) hostage taker have be disarm by detective Martin and fosse . I repeat Martin and fosse have the collar . terry un-cocksuckin-believable ! we blow it ! Allen push ershon into the back seat and get in . allen you have the right to a attorney , anything you say can be ... use to do stuff ... Terry get into the passenger seat . terry Martin and fosse will not pay for a drink for month and we be chase permit violation ! david ershon wait , what be I be arrest for ? suddenly - crash ! the prius be ram into from the side , knock it onto the sidewalk . Terry and Allen be daze . we see a big white escalade have just he they . sfx : a continuous piercing tone after the hit Allen get out with license and registration . it 's in slo mo as the effect of the accident fade . allen license and registration right here ! let 's do this by the book . ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 3 ) the escalade be drive by a tall armenian and short armenian ( think Vic darchinyan ) . both wear suit and have mean look face but with big pleasant look smile . we ramp down out of the slo mo as the two impose man walk towards Allen . sfx : the piercing SOUND die down short armenian ( soothing ) please .... please ... please ... terry everyone okay ? tall armenian please ... please . the hypnotic '' please '' allow the armenian to walk right up to Terry and Allen . they reveal two large pistol under they jacket and get the drop on the guy . short armenian please . they take away Terry 's gun , the short armenian take Allen 's gun and sniff it and then laugh . short armenian ( cont 'd ) ( in armenian ) he have a wooden gun ! ershon ( clipped ) do not let this man take I ! it will be a very bad everyone ! crash ! a black range rover slam into the back of the escalade send it fly . out jump a south american man and woman , ( think ricardo mayorga and vivian castro ) . they gun be immediately revealed under there shirt . the armenian step back . terry be we in the middle of a drug deal ? what be this ? south american man I be very sorry . everyone have gun draw , except Terry and Allen . the hot South american jostle they around . south american man ( cont 'd ) I be very sorry . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 4 ) allen they be all very polite . the hot south american woman stare at allen for a beat , drinking he in . then she get in he car and drive away with ershon in it . the Range Rover quickly follow . screech ! they look over and one of the armenian drive off in the escalade . it all go down in a matter of second leave Allen and Terry with no car , no gun and somehow no shoe . allen ( cont 'd ) what just happen ? beat . terry when do they take my shoe ? ext . 1st ave - ten minute later we see a long lens shot of Allen and Terry walk towards we down lst Avenue . they look tired and beat . people give the barefoot duo look as they walk . allen I do not get why we can not call the office and have a blue and white pick we up ? terry no . no way that call 's go out on the radio . no way . allen then at least let 's take the subway . terry see , unlike you I have friend . and occasionally I bump into they on subways . allen I be call . feel for he phone , nothing . allen ( cont 'd ) dammit ! my phone be in the car ! you know how many apps I have on that ? sixty . sixty apps . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : they walk 47 . allen ( cont 'd ) ( off Terry ) you do not care , do you ? terry no . not at all . for a beat longer pass some restaurant . allen hey , it 's you birthday in a few day . terry how do you know that ? allen I make the birthday calender for the office . terry I think that get tear down five minute after it be put up ? allen yes , it do . and they drench it in toilet water and put it in my desk with a note that say '' we be cop not second grader . '' terry that 's pretty nasty . but honestly you do anything on my birthday and I 'il punch you head . understood ? allen what 's wrong with celebrate a birthday ? terry I be in my late thirty . there 's no more growth to mark . no more milestone . I just down a shot and say '' hey I do not get stab or hit by a car this year . down the hatch ! '' allen that be bleak . terry you know what 's bleak ? a party store . go into one of that , fluorescent light , cheap crap . people try to buy a good time . the best party just happen . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : beat beat . 48 . ( 2 ) terry ( cont 'd ) I have get some wine ! hey , I just meet this Puerto rican girl ! Party ! allen why be you in a party store in the first place ? terry okay , you get I . it be francine 's 12th birthday and I go to town . balloon , streamer , magnetic mustache game for favor . that 's the day she break up with I . allen but you be twelve ? terry yeah . can you believe it ? I eat pop rock and pepsi to try and do myself in . but it just make my mouth tingle . terry ( cont 'd ) what be with you and the hot Latin chick back there . you guy have a moment . allen I would not say that . terry be you kid I ? she undress you , do you and leave a twenty on the bed on she way out all in she mind . allen you be nut . terry what would you care , you wife 's crazy hot . allen who Sheila ? come on . she 's cute . I love she . but she 's not hot . ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 3 ) terry you be delusional dude . she 's insanely hot . allen well that 's nice of you to say and I nil pass on the compliment . terry do not tell you wife I say she 's hot . she 'il think I be a creep . beat allen once again , what the hell just happen ? terry I think we be just in the middle of a kidnap . we watch the two cop walk down the street barefoot . int . d.a. 's special unit office - two hour later Martin and fosse be both try on sunglass . there 's a large tray and a hot salesgirl . fosse 's get a pair of rise color Foster grant . martin I like ‘em . they really frame you face . make you look thin . Terry and Allen enter -- they have be walk the street barefoot for two hour . Terry enter and make a grand announcement . terry okay folk , we have get a high profile kidnap . might be drugge related , might be terrorist . allen ( equally enthuse ) that 's right folk , we say the '' T '' word ! Martin and fosse look over interested . both wear sunglass . ( continued ) 50 . continued : terry I be go to need someone from the motor pool . we get a miss car . martin who get kidnap ? Terry pace , speak and enjoy the stage . terry David ershon , wealthy upper eastside resident . we be look at multi national team , possibly work in concert . too early to tell . allen not make assumption ! the rest of the precinct start to act . terry we need full cooperation of all department , Terry and I will be run point . allen interface people ! interface ! lieutenant mauch okay , slow down . talk to I . allen okay , we apprehend David ershon for question concern a building violation . while in we custody -- be someone write this down ? while in we custody , we be blind sided and then overtaken by four member of a multinational kidnap death squad . really ? no one 's write this down ? we be then stripped of we weapon and we shoe and ershon be violently abduct . we should expect a ransom phone call within minute . all it take be a pen and paper !! it 's call a statement ! martin they take you gun ? fosse and other cop and you shoe ? why shoe ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) terry enough about the shoe ! now I suggest we start work the street or this guy 's come home in a body bag ! bob guy , head up . guy ? they just say you guy 's name on the knick game ? everyone turn to the knick game on the tv . announcer ( v.o. ) nate Robinson , for threeee ! and nate high fives David ershon and he date . announcer ii ( v.o. ) the guy have game and I be talk about ershon . martin I guess they be hold you guy hostage court side ! everyone in the squad room laugh and walk away . Terry walk over to the tv and look at ershon with he super model girlfriend , who we only see half of . terry who be this guy ? int . apple store - genius bar Allen and Terry be with a employee at the Apple store , tim lee , 30 wear the Apple iphone shirt , cop demeanor surround by kid . they be stand at the genius bar . allen Tim , we appreciate this . tim you kid ? it 's all I enjoy do . Tim start type . tim ( cont 'd ) any idea when the city might bring back the computer forensic lab ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : allen not look good . laid off twenty more detective last month . tim yeah , that 's what I think . Apple store emo kid employee approach Tim . employee Tim , you want to switch shift tomorrow ? I really wanna go see radiohead . tim how about I shove a ishuffle up you ass and you learn something about responsibility ? huh ? how about that ? employee I be just ask , you do not have to be a douche . the kid walk off . terry ( keep it move ) so any luck ? tim I think you be really go to like this . grab a seat . Terry and Allen grab a seat in the Apple theater . music up : sade '' smooth Operator '' on the giant screen image start to flash as a track that Tim record earlier , there 's amazing graphic , dissolves of photo , great animation . tim ( cont 'd ) I use a Morgan Freeman voice over app . allen oh , I be get that ! morgan FREEMAN ( v.o. ) David ershon , bear gale forentsky in gainsville , Florida to parent Eve and tate forentsky , run a dry clean concern in downtown gainsville . ( continued ) continued : we see a p 53 . ( 2 ) terry he 's not even English . morgan FREEMAN ( v.o. ) after graduate from Florida State , gale forentsky change he name to '' David ershon '' . he become a fast rise star in the investment world and in 2005 start the ershon consortium , current financial holding be say to exceed 70 billion euros . they be the only investment firm to show profit during the 2009 collapse . live a lavish lifestyle with wife evika hellimenez , arguably the most beautiful woman on the earth . Three time Ms. Universe . ixalated photo of a woman . morgan FREEMAN ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the 97 cm , 121 kgs beauty be so sexy that any photograph of she automatically receive a R rating . terry ah Tim , why be everything in metric ? tim sound cooler in kilo and euros . allen I have always think that . the presentation continue . morgan FREEMAN ( v.o. ) the only financier to have a corporate skybox at the Senate . ershon have one of the large wine and cheese collection in the world . he frequently hang out with judge Anthony scalia , brody jenner , and the lead singer of maroon 5 . the big screen be interrupt by '' gear of war '' . tim garry , get off the main drive ! I be work ! ( continued ) 54 , continued : ( 3 ) ..- back to the presentation . morgan FREEMAN ( v.o. ) Mr. ershon be make a honorary member of the baldwin family in 2004 . and the future look nothing but bright for this rise star of the finance world . the light come on . Music stop . tim sorry guy . this guy 's legit . terry keep digging . allen Love the presentation . really impressive . tim let I know if you hear of any job open up . ext . STREET - half a hour later Terry and Allen drive down the street in Terry 's bad ass big american car . it be plume black smoke behind it . terry I do not buy he 's squeaky clean . once I see gun and airline ticket I know someone leave a trout in the tanning bed . allen this guy 's get a lot of foreign investment . the car rumble and backfire . allen ( cont 'd ) what do you get , six mile to the gallon ? terry five but there 's more to a car than that . he revs and the 8 cylinder light up like a stallion . ( continued ) continued : Terry pull 55 . allen that mean nothing . definition of power be change every day . who would win in a fight , Noble Prize win economist Paul krugman or ultimate fighter Ken shamrock ? terry Ken shamrock . allen really ? but then Paul krugman manipulate currency rate devalue Ken shamrock earning power , lead to unemployment and less time work out . terry and Ken shamrock walk in and punch krugman in the face . allen do not get I wrong , I love Ken shamrock . I be a huge fan . but in the long run krugman come out ahead . terry but in the short run shamrock arm bar krugman . allen I could not be a bigger Ken shamrock fan . but shamrock have gimpy knee and be break by the time he 's forty have in no way affect the world . meanwhile krugman ? just start collect award . terry you ask who would win and I tell you . ( look at dash ) ah , look at that . I gotta fill up . 's into a gas station . ext . ershon 's house - night ershon and he girlfriend , who 's face be pixilate , enter the house . the two brazilian stand outside . ( continued ) 56 . continued : south american man good night . we will be here . the door shut . they look up to see the armenian 's escalade drive by slowly . the brazilian hold they gun under they jacket and stare they down . ext . soho STREET - night the jenklow Art Gallery . int . jenklow art gallery - continuous music : source : japanese electronica francine be surround by patron and artist . she look stun in a designer dress and hold a glass of wine . terry walk in , grab a glass of wine and approach she . he start to put the wine on the table . a worker ... worker whoa . whoa . whoa . that 's a installation . terry what ? this coffee table ? it 's a coffee table -- magazine , a ashtray , remote control , half empty coffee mug , wrapper . Terry look closely at the price list . terry ( cont 'd ) five hundred thousand ? worker yeah . francine approach . francine what be you do here ? terry I wanna be with you . francine Terry , we date thirty year ago . we be not allow to have match when we be together . terry you be lose baby . this world 's get you all upside down . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : francine 's 57 . terry ( cont 'd ) you should be in my arm and instead you be sell dirty coffee table . look at this , it 's nonsense . francine it 's a comment on the inanity of we consumer culture . the chaos of the coffee table represent we fracture ego . terry it 's not art , it 's a dirty coffee table . francine the fact that we be discuss this , make it art . you think you can do this ? you can not . boss , 52 , come over . he 's wear square glass , a Paul Smith suit jacket and T-shirt that say '' i'm gay . '' boss be this man bother you francine ? terry francine , you actually have sex with this creep ? francine he 's gay Terry . he 's wear a shirt that say '' I be gay . '' and he 's also my boss . boss it 's a ironic vintage shirt . except the irony be ironic because I be gay . francine everything 's fine Mr. reeger . he 's leave . terry what about we ? francine there be no we . terry Fine . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) Terry reach down and move a spoon a fraction of a inch on the coffee table . people scream ! francine / patron ahh !... oh dear God no !!... sweet Jesus !!! Terry bust out of the gallery . terry my love for you be art !!! the whole Gallery groan . patron ohhhh .... oh brother !... painful ! CUT to : int . motor pool - day ( next morning ) we see three officer in hazmat suit scrubbing Allen 's prius . it 's a mess . a tire be go , as be the back passenger side door . Terry and Allen enter . allen be you guy dusting for print ? everyone laugh . the head of the motor Pool , officer watt , 48 walk they to the car . officer watt hardly . from fluid and hair sample we have determine a bunch of homeless old man have a orgy in the car . allen oh God . officer watt then shortly after , a dominican woman give birth on the floor . and then to top it off some guy take a nifty little dump in the driver 's seat . it be a little swirl . almost cute . he must have find out you be a cop . it be a spite shit . allen you can tell all that from fluid and hair sample ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : one of the officer in the hazmat suit hold up a plastic bag with Allen 's iphone in it . hazmat officer be this yours ?! allen oh my God , Carol ! officer watt the guy name a piece of machinery Carol . that 's F have up , huh ? terry yeah ... so you guy see any sign of a struggle or find any shell ? officer watt believe I , everyone who participate in the orgy be more than willing . so , no . int . precinct - day Terry and Allen be sit on the couch of the Lieutenant 's office . lieutenant mauch Mayor 's office want you to back off . terry back off of what ? lieutenant mauch ershon . he call and apologize , play he political card , huge contributor to every pol in town . he say he security guy get out of line . we be fine they and then move on . Lieutenant mauch hand they each they gun . Allen still have a wooden gun . lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) they return this . Allen they actually put a nice linseed oil and stain on yours . Terry stand up , heat . ( continued ) 60 . continued : terry this be wrong Lieutenant ! that be not a security team ! lieutenant mauch leave it alone ! there be no collar ! allen ( to Terry ) look , I think what Lieutenant mauch be say , be pursue the case , but be careful . lieutenant mauch no , that 's not at all what I be say . I be say leave it alone ! allen ( to Terry ) okay , so pursue the case but check in with he from time to time . lieutenant mauch goddamit ! I be say there be no case ! it 's over ! Lieutenant mauch pull out a folder . lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) here. Martin and fosse have be begging for it . a unlicense photo studio work on the lower east side . we be talk drug use , animal trafficking . Real nasty stuff . it 's yours . he hand they the folder . it 's a bunch of cat photo for calendar , greeting card , etc . terry kitten ? lieutenant mauch this have good pr all over it . local news will eat this up . do not blow it ! int . precinct - day Terry and Allen walk down the hallway . ( continued ) continued : 61 . terry I want ershon now . allen you hear the Lieutenant , we can only work the case on weekend . terry it 's too neat the way this get clean up . the Lieutenant should have have we back when we gun be take . Allen look through he phone . allen hey there be a thirteen minute phone call after we be jump . terry they use you phone ? allen my phone ghost dial . terry so it coulda pick up some of that conversation when ershon get grab . we get to hear the other side of that call . allen ( change he mind ) no , it 's probably nothing . terry nothing ? it 's the only lead we have . allen it 's a ex-girlfriend . there 's no way I be talk to she . terry do you realize this guy could be put up illegal scaffold right now ? allen I know , it 's tear I up inside . 62. ext . house - night Allen 's prius be in front of a big house up in Westchester . they knock on the door . a really beautiful woman hold a cocktail answer the door . this be christinith . christinith Allen . int . house - library - night christinith , Allen and Terry all sit in uncomfortable silence . christinith 's cell phone sit on the coffee table . christinith I wait for you in Tower record for four hour ! allen I be sorry . that be thirteen year ago . christinith it feel like ten second to I . her husband hal walk in with a tray of drink . hal just a little pause for the cause - - some Arnold palmer . sweetie , that one 's get the vodkey . christinith hal , just place they down . hal alrighty . christinith I do thing with you in bed that I have never do with anyone ! allen christinith you husband ...? christinith he know all about we . terry christine , this be a lovely house . ( continued ) 63 . continued : christinith it 's christinith ! be you deaf ? allen look we really need the message . we believe there be a kidnap . christinith do you remember how every morning I would call and say , '' I would die for you " ? allen yeah , it be ........ sweet . christinith it 's still true . allen so can we hear the message ? christinith come into the kitchen and I will play it for you . everyone else stay here . hal okay , sweetie . Allen and christinith get up and leave hal and Terry . int . kitchen - night Allen follow christinith into the kitchen . as soon as the door shut , she turn and attack Allen . christinith take I . here . now. please ! take I ! from upstairs we hear . kid ( 0.c . ) Mom ! Mom ! can you help with we art project ? christinith I nil be right there ! int . live room - night Terry and the husband sit quietly . they can hear the activity in the kitchen . crash . ( continued ) 64 . continued : hal she be so excited when she see he call . int . kitchen - night christinith hold up a old snow cone wrapper . christinith I save it . allen I do not know what that be . christinith sno Cone wrapper you eat . August 1995 great adventure , right before you get on the lighting loops , this be in you mouth . you own my mouth . Allen break free . he run out of the kitchen . allen Terry ! let 's go ! int . live room - night Allen lunge for she phone on the coffee table . hal try to stop he . Allen stiff arm he . hal you love she like she deserve to be love ! give she heart back ! allen this be police evidence ! Terry , let 's go ! ext . house - night Allen and Terry run out of the house . christinith scream from the porch . christinith Allen !! teach hal how to be you ! 65 . int . finnegan 's bar - night traditional irish pub -- it 's pack . in the back room , guy hold they guinness 's , sing traditional irish song in a circle with head down accapella . old man a hemp - rope on he neck / ne 'er a tear in he blue eye / as young roddy mccorley goe to die / on the bridge of toome today . we find Terry and Allen hover over two beer , try to listen to the message on christinith 's phone . terry what do you do to that girl ? allen nothing . I think I look like she dad . she 's very intense . ( and then ) okay , here we go . on speaker we hear : sfx : beep we hear a conversation between ershon and something that sound Spanish . ershon I be sorry . I panicked . more foreign language . ershon ( cont 'd ) tell they I will not do it again . tell they it be just about some stupid building code violation . terry what be that ? Spanish ? Allen look at he phone . allen no. New iphone app : language translator . see that ? portuguese . they continue listen to the portuguese speaker . ( continued ) continued : 66 . allen ( cont 'd ) something about banco Sao Paulo . must be something with currency , or currency reserve . they be - a old man tap he shoulder . allen ( cont 'd ) hold on . I be up . Allen stand . he stare at the floor , tapping he hand on he thigh . Allen imme allen ( cont 'd ) and annie 's child held her sleeve when the soldier come a knocking , she say there 's nothing left to take from US and her mother did drop dead . for five day young tess laid there , not letting go of ' er sleeve . diately swing back to the conversation . allen ( cont 'd ) currency reserve be usually a safe bet . but deal with that country in today 's time , who know ? terry so you think he 's deal drug ? allen no ! it 's not drug ! it 's not murder ! it 's economy in flux , shadow banking , offshore account . we be go to have do paperwork , due diligence , financial ledger . terry do not you get it ? that 's not who I be . ( be he gun ) this be cop work , what you be talk about be homework . allen look , there 's more to be a cop than pull a trigger . you gotta - the Old man tap Allen . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) allen ( cont 'd ) already ? ( sing ) I pledge my love to erin , she promised to be true . I went to war to come back and find five british soldier have there way with her , it be consensual . Allen swing back to the conversation . allen ( cont 'd ) you gotta think internationally now and look for the deal that 's too good to be true ! that 's police work ! terry I come out of my mama 's private ready to kick in door and cuff perp ! none of that be happen ! I want to be a cop and I need to be a cop ! Terry start to walk out . Allen start to go after he but then jump back into the song for one last line . allen and then the body buried there grew flowers evermore . Allen run up to Terry and stop he . allen ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . I know this be all new for you . terry I have not even cuffed someone in six month Allen . I be start to feel confuse . allen liuetenant will kill we if we do not look into this illegal photo studio ... let 's go be cop . smash CUT : int . photography studio - chinatown - ten minute later music : source : nasty hip hop plays on a cheap radio ( continued ) 68 . continued : a photo session be in progress . a crazy tweaker hold two kitten down on a table while , a sleazy euro photographer snap picture . the room be dingy and fill with cage with kitten in they . suddenly the door be kicked in . in fly Terry and Allen . terry Police ! step away from the kitten ! the Euro pull out a straight razor and the tweaker take out a buck knife . Terry be on they fast . he block the knife from the tweaker and cut the italian with the blade nip he ear . we quickly CUT to the cute kitten watching . Terry step back cause the two dirt bag to collide and snap the Euro 's arm . flash CUT : int . hospital prison rehab room - day six week later . the italian be with a physical therapist he lift a one pound weight with great strain . physical therapist that 's good Antonio ... very good . we CUT back to action scene . Terry then grab the tweaker by the neck and punch he super fast in the mouth three time . the kitten watch . Terry then duck down and smashes the tweaker 's knee with a nearby light pole . flash CUT : int . kitchen - night six week later . the tweaker be on the phone with he outstretch leg in a soft cast . he 's go over a insurance bill . tweaker no !... I already do the co-pay . but now they be say '' miss work '' be not cover ? ext . photography studio - night music : pogue '' dirty ol town '' Reporters everywhere . Terry and Allen exit the building to flash . Allen hold two gun and a kitten , Terry hold a bag of meth and a kitten . 69 . int . CITY hall - two day later Allen and Terry be in they dress blue as the mayor pin medal on they . this be all framed in a fox news frame and corner bug . mayor ..- for valor and bravery in the execution of duty ... ext . CITY hall step - ten minute later Allen and Terry stand on the step talk . music : out terry I feel dirty . we seize six hundred dollar in drug and rescue ten cat and we be the lead story on the news ? Martin and fosse walk by . martin / fosse meooow ..... meow .... meoooowwww ! !! terry let 's go get this guy ershon . music : aerosmith 's '' back in the saddle again '' int . prius - day Allen be talk on he cell phone while Terry listen to he ipod . allen ( on he phone ) good use of blinker , nice even pace , considerate to pedestrian . all in all some fantastic drive . int . ershon' office - day Terry and Allen lead by a assistant , 25 , enter David ershon 's amazing office with 270 degree view . David ershon greet they with a hearty hand shake . ( continued ) continued : 70 . ershon ( English accent ) I have be try to reach out to you . please sit . ( to Secretary ) Three of that Russian water , lime wedge , cucumber . as they sit down . ershon ( cont 'd ) first off , I take care of that scaffold issue . I thank you for point it out . I be deal with so many contractor , someone be always try to cut corner . the Assistant hand Terry and Allen they water . Allen sip terry let 's cut the crap Florida boy . we have you in we car and you be take from we at gun point . ershon I do apologize . I deal with many high level international bank . my security force be always on high alert . what they see be I be force into a car unwillingly . I truly apologize . he water . allen God this be really good water ! terry you ask we not to let the first group of armed man take you . why would you say that about you own security team ? ershon detective hoitz , everyone involved have be reprimand and will be attend a sensitivity seminar . to show my sincerity , I want to offer you my personal court side seat at the knick game and access to the ambassador Club . would you please accept they ? 71 . int . madison square garden - night announcer ( v.o. ) Ed curry for twoooo0c00000 ! the knick score ! we see Terry and Allen cheer from court side surround by celebrity . they both wear knick jersey and hat . allen ( shout ) I have to say , I feel funny about accept this seat . like we be be take advantage of . Terry be mid-bite of a giant hot dog . terry Son of a bitch ! I see '' court side '' and go blind . let 's go back and play hard ball this time . they throw down they beer and walk off . int . ershon 's office - next day Terry and Allen enter , still in they knick swag . terry we be here to see Mr. ershon . smash CUT : int . broadway theater - night on stage mama mia be hit it 's big number , '' Dancing Queen . '' we pan across the audience and find Allen and Terry wave they hand in the air and sway to the music . allen ( shout ) dammit ! you know he do it again ! terry sonuvabitch ! you be right ! let 's leave at the act break . int . ershon' office - the next day Terry and Allen barge in . ershon look up from he desk . ( continued ) 72 . continued : terry no more ticket ! assistant Mr. ershon , I try - ershon it 's okay . could you get we three glacier water with Mediterranean lime ? how great be mama Mia ? allen it be good but I have listen to the catalogue of abba for year , but I have always have a different narrative in my head - terry ( interrupt ) you be a liar ershon . and we be not go away . while ershon talk , Allen sip another water with fruit . ershon my intention be never to '' buy '' you . but in my hand I have two ticket to the premiere , at the Zigfield theater or Rob shneider 's '' chick magnet . where you will be sit with in close proximity of Rob schneider . ershon hold up two large , impressive ticket . ershon ( cont 'd ) there 's a after-party . Terry and Allen look at each other - a lot of '' maybe '' " / " maybe not '' look . allen ( definitively ) no ... right ? ( then ) no! definitely no . we need some answer . terry we want to know who that guy be ! I want gun permit on everyone of they . passport . I be tired of this leprechaun Breakfast you be give we ! ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ) allen what 's that ? terry two egg and a thumb up you ass . now what 's go on ?! ershon ( calm ) you will have to speak to my lawyer . we be do here . ext . SEC office — day Terry and Allen walk into a impressive building with '' Securities Exchange Commission '' over it . terry so what do this place do ? allen they be cop for banker . we should have come here to begin with . terry profession that need it 's own cop . Fucking A. int . office - five minute later we pan past a door with '' overseas Securities division '' on it and find Allen seat across from SEC investigator don beaman , 54 . Terry look at frame college degree . terry so you be a law enforcement official ? don beaman yes , I be hire by the Federal government as a branch of the Federal Reserve . terry and the Federal Reserve be a ... prison ? don beaman basically a bank own by the government that set interest rate and give loan to other bank . ( continued ) continued : 74 . terry so , you investigate banker involved in drug and the sex trade ? don beaman no , we investigate high level fraud , stock market manipulation , thing of that nature . tery cold case ? human trafficking ? don beaman no. now I be tell you be both here regard David ershon ? allen yes , what can you tell I about he business ? be there any on - go investigation , discrepancy , fraud , what not ? don beaman gentlemen let I put you at ease . David be a upstand citizen . in fact I be play squash with he in forty minute . terry be that when you 'il give hima hand job ? don beaman okay , I think we be do here . terry I guess you gotta get you hand cream ready for ershon . don beaman I do not give he hand job ! allen my partner mispoke Mr. beaman . I think he mean you both give each other hand job . don beaman the only time I have ever share a bed with David ershon be a whitewater rafting trip on the River kern and no hand job be have by anybody !! ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) terry listen to I you Windsor knot wear monkey , you play squash with ershon , you kid go to school with he , you tug on each other 's pole in the shower !! how do you know if he 's clean or not ! beat . don beaman look , because you guy be concerned , I will go back and look at some stuff . just to be sure . terry you do that champ . int . garage - ten minute later Terry and Allen walk up to they car and get in . allen that be nice , how have you know that he have turn like that ? terry I have no idea . every now and then even a guy with no leg step ina turd . allen be that a phrase ? terry yeah , of course . a flatbe start to back up to they car . terry ( cont ’d ) what the hell be this mook do ? music : tense score just then , giant strap be throw over the prius by four black guy in jumpsuit . it 's a professional group , precise in they execution - the leader have a big for and a nose pierce . the car door be strapped shut . terry ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? ( continued ) 76 . continued : Allen start dial he cell phone . one of the guy pull out a demagnification wand . he wave it over the car . Allen 's phone , in mid conversation , go dead . allen my phone be dead ! terry mine too . the car be then hook up to the flatbe and hoist up . Allen and Terry pound the door , try to get attention . ext . CITY street - minute later Terry and Allen be trap in they car on the back of the flatbe be drive through Manhattan . they pound on the window , scream and honk the horn . no one notice amidst all the street noise . int . holland tunnel - 30 minute later the guy still pound of the window and yell but now with much less energy as they go through the Holland tunnel . ext . countryside - ten hour later Allen and Terry both have they seat in recline while listen to the cast recording of mama mia . music : mama mia int . car - that night Terry and Allen be both sound asleep as we see car light strobing by in the background . ext . idaho - morning Terry and Allen wake up to find themselves on top of giant freight train , fly parallel to route 66 . terry motherfucker ! 77 . ext . idaho train station - that afternoon we see railway worker in the background who have just cut the strap off the car . Allen be in the foreground on a pay phone while Terry tip the worker . allen no , there be not any demand make and we be not mistreate . basically they drive we to a freight train and then ship we to Idaho . int . d.a. 's special unit office - same time the Lieutenant be on the phone in he office . cut back and forth where necessary . lieutenant mauch look guy if you want to do a road trip , take a weekend and go drink . but do not play I for a sucker . or be this about ershon ? allen ( fast to get off phone ) no we think it might be related to the cat . anyway , we will be back by morning depend on if we get this Continental flight out of boise . ext . airplane - day Allen and Terry be on a plane taxiing on the runway . allen ( v.o. ) I tell Sheila you think she be hot by the way . she think that be a weird thing to say toa friend about he wife . terry ( v.o. ) I tell you not to say that . allen ( v.o. ) no you tell I to tell she . I be positive . 78 . int . precinct - the next morning Terry and Allen sit with a African american sketch artist , 34 in the crowded office . they drink coffee and look exhaust . allen that 's good , but the afro be bigger . that 's it .... terry yeah , yeah . and he have flair nostril .. and some jewelry he nose . like ivory or a bone ? the artist work and work . terry ( cont 'd ) bigger lip ... bigger . the artist hold up a rendering . sketch artist so this be what you perp look like ? it 's a police artist sketch of the most offensively cartoonish looking black man ever . huge for and a bone through the nose ( sort of what the guy actually look like ) . terry yep . yep . that 's he . sketch artist you make I sick ! to you , every black man be a criminal ! we have get a black President ! open you damn mind ! the artist storm off . allen joshua no ! it 's really what he look like ! bob walk by hold he cup of coffee . bob hey guy , just want to talk to you about tomorrow , I get -- ( continued ) 79 . continued : terry Jesus Bob , you have get to stop come into conversation with this stupid shit ! you be boring and nobody want to hear you worthless shit ! now go away ! bob jeez , guy . I just want to say I will not be in to work tomorrow , cause the wife be really sick . they be not sure if she 's go to make it . i’11 ahh .. pass on you love to she . Bob walk away . terry oh bob! bob! come on Bob ! Terry and Allen look at they desk . it 's cover in potato . martin next time you want potato , check you desk . everyone laugh . terry really funny . ( to the office ) you know what ! we have be kidnap twice ! held at gun point ! car steal ! and no one have we back ! we be police officer ! we be suppose to be on the same team ! do anyone remember that ? the same team ! lieutenant mauch what case be you talk about , Terry ? terry ( catch , but same intensity ) nothing ! not a specific case ! I mean , just in general ! a lot of crazy stuff go on in this world . I be a peacock ! allen Terry do not . not the peacock . 80. ext . parking lot - night Terry and Allen walk to they car . a detective walk by . detective hey Allen , what time be that party tonight ? allen Party ? there 's no party tonight . detective oh , right . the detective walk away . terry what be that about ? allen nothing . well , good night . terry okay , good night . int . terry's apartment - later that night the apartment be decorate with streamer , balloon and fill with detective . allen ( pace and shouting ) he do not know anything ! we have get he fool !! sheila lower you voice sweetie . allen a lot of work have go into this and , if we do not play this right , it 's all for naught !! guest lighten up Allen , it 's just a surprise party . allen you know what ? you lighten up !! sheila here he come ! everyone hide . ( continued ) 81 . continued : they shut the light off and hide . Terry jostle with the lock and finally he open the door . crowd surprise !!! terry immediately roll and pop up on a knee , gun drawn and shoot . lamp and frame picture explode as everyone run scream for cover . Terry throw a couple of road flare down . he get one guy in a headlock and another guy pinned on the ground with he foot . terry Drop you weapon !!! everyone in the room have a gun point at Terry . smash CUT to : int . terry 's apartment - thirty minute later the party be now in full swing with people have cocktail and music play . music : I fooled around and fell in love Sheila and Allen talk to Terry . allen so I learn a lesson . do not have surprise party for cop . terry I tell you I do not like birthdays . allen you do not even hesitate . you gun be out immediately . terry always ready . thanks for this though Allen , it 's not so bad ... Allen hold up he iphone and we hear the Morgan Freeman voice over app : morgan FREEMAN ( v.o. ) and slowly the two partner grow closer as a last friendship be form . ( continued ) 82. continued : terry put that away . so where 's all my furniture ? allen I put it on the roof . I have Evan from crime scene draw chalk outline so we would not forget where it go . we see chalk outline on the hardwood floor of a sofa , chair , tv stand etc . tim hey guy , nice party . it 's Tim from the Apple store . tim ( cont 'd ) so I hook up my mosaic software to my macbook pro and pump that through my X - box 360 . no one will ever tell you this , then run it through ershon 's company 's hard drive ... unnotice ! and get the last million keystroke . back track it and I find some drip wet juicy stuff . turn out he foreign banking client buy about 90 billion from he in cdsr . credit default swap reverse . terry what 's that ? smack ? tim no . how do you get that from what I just say ? anyway , ershon sell several foreign bank credit default swap which be basically insurance that the reserve will not fail , except you can sell and buy they . but he then add a reverse which allow he to invest the default swap with other bank . he create he own financial product . make billion off of this . allen that 's fantastic work Tim . tim so any word on re-hiring ? thing be pretty bad . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 83 . ( 2 ) tim ( cont 'd ) I be work on the geek squad . I be on call now , that 's why I be not drink . allen sorry man . tim hey , no one 's eat the chicken finger , mind if I throw a sheet of tin foil over it and take it home ? allen the party just start . tim I nil just stand by it and you give I the high sign when it 's okay to take it . allen you know , just take it now . tim yeah , I think that 's the way to go . he walk over and take the chicken finger and a big basket of nacho chip . terry so ershon 's play fast and loose with money he should not be play fast and loose with ? Allen be on he iphone . allen seem like it ... armenian Reserve Bank , National Bank of San Paulo , National Bank of Chad ... terry armenian , african and South Americans . allen it seem like they be not try to kill he though . terry he be afraid of the armenian . that 's for sure . sfx : thunder and rain kick up outside . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 3 ) terry ( cont 'd ) you put all my furniture on the roof and do not even check the weather ? allen there be dozen of way to answer that question but basically no , I do not check . ext . apartment build - same time we pull up from the roof of the building where a full live room set be be rain on . int . prius - the next day Terry and Allen be sit in the car across from ershon 's building . Allen write in a memo book . allen and what do greg get you ? terry Williams sonoma pizza Brick . allen Barry ? terry Hit of motown box set. allen that 's thoughtful . you get some good gift . a call come over the radio . dispatch ( v.o. ) possible jumper . Three World Financial Center , 23rd floor . all unit . Fire department and emt en route . allen that 's Don beaman 's office . Allen punch it and they tear off . 85 . ext . CITY STREET - a minute later they be tear down the street . Terry put in he ear wig . Allen stop he . allen wait . I know we have get different taste in music , but I really think about you taste and mine and I think I have get something we will both like . just please , give it at least a minute before you judge it . Allen pop in a CD . music : walking to memphis by Marc cohn . immediately Terry eject and throw it out the window . allen ( cont ’d ) you know what you be ? you be petulant ! petulant ! terry do not play that shit when we be work . it 's all I ask ! allen you ask for much more than that ! ext . world financial CENTER - five minute later Terry and Allen pull in front of the building . a crowd have gather . they look up 23 floor sure enough , a figure be there . it 's Don beam . a uniform cop be hold back a crowd . terry detective hoitz and gamble ! we get this ! cop hey , look ! it 's the asshole who shot jeter ! it 's all yours . allen I take a night course in negotiate at Hunter college . give I the bullhorn . ( continued ) 86 . continued : terry we do not have a bullhorn . Allen look around and see a ice cream truck surround by the onlooker . he run towards it and reach in grab the microphone for the speaker . allen this be police business . I need to use this PA system . ice cream man okay , let I turn it on . he turn it on and the plucky calliope ice cream truck music automatically come on . allen Mr. beam ! Mr. Don beam . we know you be in a really dark place right now . you be feel like the world be strangling you and sweet death be you only release . be you wrong ? who can say ? there 's a very good chance you kill yourself now , you be greet in heaven by a infinite number of open , loving arm . but think about life . all the great thing . sure there 's bad thing , elderly people with no one to talk too , orphan who will never have a mother kiss they on the forehead . innocent puppy that - cop we get a second jumper on the fourteenth floor ! terry what be you do ? you be start to depress I ! allen I be create a bond with the victim ... ( back to bullhorn ) I be not go to lie to you Don and that second person , who ever you be . people down here be murmure that you do not have the ball to do it . they be say that you will probably screw this up just like you screw up you whole life . I say you can do it . ( more ) ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 2 ) allen ( cont 'd ) well I do not mean '' do it '' , I just mean you have the capability . terry stop it man ! allen okay I go a little too far try to get a bond . cop the guy on the 14th go back in . allen alright , now I have get some momentum . I find laughter to be very helpful on a gloomy day . one time there be this black comic on tv , and he be like '' some woman have big butt and they be show it off , like , that 's right I get a big booty ... uh- huh !! '' but he do it better than that - there 's a crash . a body land on the car next to Allen . cop Nice job . int . coroner' office - two hour later there 's a body on a table . the coroner , 38 , be there with Terry and Allen . terry anything unusual in the toxicology ? we be pretty sure there 's foul play . coroner this be a clear cut suicide . you can ask I all you want but that 's the answer . Lieutenant mauch enter . lieutenant mauch detective , I believe you be do here . Martin and fosse be already investigate this man for cocaine and sex club . Martin and fosse enter . martin hey guy . ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 3 ) fosse meoooow . Terry and Allen be dumbfounded . lieutenant mauch i_said you be do here !!! Terry and Allen walk over to mauch . terry we pull this call ! lieutenant mauch you be go to tell I you do not try to get the examiner to connect this to ershon ? allen we ask .... yes . music score : grim cello . this be serious . lieutenant mauch I have get Senators call the Mayor who 's call the d.a . you have get zero political will on this . and I tell you five time to lay off . but what do you do ? allen we do not listen . lieutenant mauch you be be transfer . Terry , traffic . Allen , Harbor patrol . it 's already do so save you gas . the Lieutenant walk off leave Terry and Allen devastate . int . car - ten minute later Terry and Allen drive together in silence . terry the only thing I have to be proud of in my life be be a detective . that be all I have . allen you still get I ... ( continued ) 89 . continued : terry you do not get it do you ? I do not want you Allen ! I never do . but I let myself forget and you drag we into this bullshit ! credit swap ! SEC ! Federal Reserve ! currency reserve ! that 's not cop work ! allen I can not believe you still doubt I after everything we have see . this case be real and I be a real cop . terry you carry a wooden gun ! you be not a cop ! you be a accountant with a hot wife !! allen how dare you call my wife hot ! terry we be do . we job do not mean we have to hang out anymore . get out . Terry stop the car . Allen get out . terry ( cont 'd ) I be up front from day one that I do not like you . allen well I be not honest about one thing .... I do like you . Allen walk away . Terry punch the accelerator and take off . allen ( cont 'd ) I be acop . I ama cop ! music : season of the witch by donovan plays through montage int . allen 's house - day Allen sit at he kitchen table , he take off he shirt revealing a t-shirt and drink a beer . he throw he iphone against the wall . Sheila , cooking at the oven , look at he concerned . 90 . ext . CITY STREET - day Terry direct traffic in a blue police uniform with a orange reflective safety belt on . he 's defeat . int . allen 's house - day Allen be lift weight and take a swig of Jack Daniels . int . terry 's apartment —- night Terry sit in front of he computer . after a beat he go to Google and type in '' crime . '' but then he delete and type '' scaffold violation . '' a ton of hit come up and Terry lean in interested . ext . park avenue - ershon 's house - day Terry , dress like a construction worker , measure the scaffold , take note , talk to a worker . ext . CITY STREET - day a woman walk down the street . a punk run by and grab she purse and bolt . we see allen come tearing around a corner in sunglass and leather jacket . but the purse snatcher be long go . Allen hunch over breathe hard . int . new york university - day it 's a lecture hall . a bunch of economics equation on the board and a professor lecture . in the back of the room be Terry take note . int . deli - day two punk hold a gun at a deli owner . they grab money from the register and run . allen come running after they . he chuck a garbage can lid at they foot , knock they both over . in a flash he 's on they with punch to the face and a foot to the gun hand to separate weapon from perp . he cuff they and radio in the bust . 91 . int . new york university - day Terry sit up front he raise he hand , answer a question . people start listen . int . allen 's bedroom - night Allen enter he bedroom wear sunglass and a leather coat . Sheila be there in a nightgown read . Allen take off he leather coat . he 's get a wife beater and a tattoo . sheila what 's happen to you Allen ?! allen I become a cop . he grab she and they kiss and make love . int . coroner' office - night Terry be dress as a Doctor in scrub with a fake mustache and glass . a orderly leave the room and Terry rifle through a computer type in '' Donald beaman . '' int . precinct - day Allen walk into Lieutenant mauch 's office . the Lieutenant be at he desk . Allen slam he wooden gun down . allen I want my gun back . now ! end of montage music out . ext . metropolitan museum - night a gala . Terry run up the step in a tux . int . metropolitan museum - night it 's a black tie event in full swing -- band , champagne , fur . a waiter pass by and Terry take a glass of champagne and cross over to francine . ( continued ) 92 . continued : francine Terry ? terry shh . I be not here to make a scene . I just want you to know I will not be bother you anymore and I be sorry . a handsome older man walk over . older man francine , be this guy bother you ? terry you win , chief . you can have she . enjoy make the sweet , sweet love to she that I dreamt about for year . but I swear to God , you make sure you pleasure she first before you cum , cause she 's a angel . she 's worth it . francine Terry , this be my dad . Terry put in finger over she mouth . terry shhsssh . please , let 's not try and hurt each other . not now . Terry downs he champagne and head out . int . downtown gun club - day Allen stand at a gun bay . he 's wear earphone . he draw he gun down on a target and empty it . he look badass . he hit the switch and the target fly back to he . it 's unscathed . allen dammit . he send the target back and reload . just as he start to aim -- six rapid FIRE shot hit dead CENTER on he target . Allen lean forward to the next bay . it 's Terry . terry remember , bend you elbow . you get less recoil . ( continued ) 93 . continued : allen hey . how 's traffic ? terry it 's good . be do a little moonlight too . found out a lot about ershon ... and myself . allen I guess I do the same . I get tired of push a computer mouse , decide to pick up some real metal . grab my ol ' .45 . terry that 's a .38 . ( then ) you be right . it 's the scaffold . that building have work complete a year ago , yet the scaffold be still up . landmark approve work be do by a brazilian company that 's own by the bank do business with ershon . allen I bust some guy steal tvs , drank whiskey and make crazy great love to Sheila . terry and get this , I break into the city morgue 's computer and find out that Don beaman have half a bottle of gin in he system when he die . beaman be aa for twenty year . allen I feel like the thing you do be more productive than what I do . terry I do not matter . what 's important be that we have get to bring in that brazilian and armenian for question and we can do it on the fake construction charge . now we just gotta find they . we hear gunfire from the other stall . they look to the leave and see the brazilian man and hot lady in two bay . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) more gunfire , they look to they right and it 's the two armenian . allen there they be , right there . everyone notice everyone else and reload for a full harry beat . Terry be first and fire at the brazilian man . we ride the bullet as it tear into the brazilian man 's shoulder , knock he back . quick flash forward : int . emergency room - day the brazilian man be be treat by a Doctor . doctor this be a nasty gun shot wound , how would this happen ? brazilian man it 's a tattoo accident ... a bear bite ... a bb gun wound . doctor what ? the brazilian punch the Doctor , grab medicine and run . back to action . the armenian run to the far side of the target range hide behind target . Allen duck behind sand bag and fire at that , miss every time . terry cock you elbow ! and do not close one eye ! ( into he radio ) we be at the downtown gun Club ! Shots fire ! I repeat shot fire ! dispatch ( v.o. ) be you kid I ? it 's a gun club . int . precinct - day Martin and fosse and other detective listen to the dispatch . you can hear the gunfire . everyone 's laugh . martin guy ! Allen and Terry be report shot fire at a gun club . 95 . int . downtown gun club - day the hot brazilian Lady and Terry exchange fire . she 's tough . she cart wheel behind a target and Terry hit it dead center four time but she 's already head out the door . allen elbow cocked ... both eye open ... Allen squeeze off a shot at the armenian and graze one on the thigh . he grab he wound and they scamper out of the range . allen ( cont 'd ) I get one ! it 's suddenly quiet . terry you hear that ? no siren . allen they never send back up . there 's a eerie silence . int . target - night Lieutenant mauch address . lieutenant mauch we get a big day out there . we get a full moon , people be go to be amp . crazy town . what 's on we hot tip ? we pull back to see Lieutenant mauch address the staff of target . teenager and old man take note . lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) celine dion concert dvd drop today . we be all excited , so be the customer . the Lieutenant see Terry and Allen stand in the back . lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) okay everyone . let 's be careful out there . ( continued ) 96 . continued : terry that be a rouse speech Lieutenant . lieutenant mauch surprise to see you fella . how 's traffic and harbor patrol ? terry we just come from get shot at and no back up come to the scene . lieutenant mauch you guy be not my problem anymore . the Lieutenant take a price tag gun and begin pricing coffee maker . allen boss , we be not make this up . brazilian cartel soldier be prop up ershon while armenian security force try and take he out . terry from day one you be push we off this case . what 's go on Lieutenant ? be this a actual conspiracy ? lieutenant mauch ( big breath ) it 's worse than a conspiracy . you guy be catch in the most powerful force there be ... he stop pricing the box . lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) systemic indifference . terry what 's that ? lieutenant mauch everyone have money with ershon . the d.a. , the Mayor , the whole upper east side . everyone 's get pay . they know they can not openly obstruct you investigation so they ignore it to death . and it 's worse , cause not give a shit leave no print . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 2 ) allen you say that cool . lieutenant mauch when I be in uniform , I get a tip about a Wall streeter who be rip off million . ended up be Ivan boesky . I pass it off to the SEC . nothing happen . then I read he 's rip off million from people . I have put guy away for year for sell dime bag and this boesky walk after 24 month . I have bust junky , hooker , thief and when all be say and do , I feel like they be just a hair on Andre the giant 's leave ball . take this fucker down . but do it smart . Terry and Allen have get they bless . it 's on . lieutenant mauch ( cont 'd ) remember , you have get no support , no back up , no friend . terry what else be new ? big music up : slamming guitar and horn int . car - day slo mo we see Terry and Allen roll up to a stop in the prius . Allen be take picture with he iphone . across the way we see a gourmet cheese shop . terry I just do not see how you can be so certain . allen ershon love cheese and there 's a 10 year age french gruyere that many people consider to be the finest in the world . this be the only place that carry it . terry so you think he 's go to show up to buy it ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : allen I know he will . it 's only release every ten year and today 's the day . int . upper eastside cheese shop - day bouzouki music play , really loud . it 's a small shop . lot of wheel of cheese , lot of wooden box and cheese cloth and straw . there 's a steady amount of customer . allen you have get to taste this one ... Allen be taste cheese and have a dozen sample napkin in front of he . allen ( cont ’d ) it 's a Manchester goat 's , wash rind and then go right into this stilson . perfection . terry you seem to know a lot about cheese . allen cheese have always be a passion of mine . just then , David ershon enter the store . salesman Mr. ershon ! david ershon hello Gregory . do it arrive ? the salesman take out a velvet cover cask . salesman this morning via private courier . he open it up , it 's the most beautiful piece of cheese ever . it look like a ivory diamond . ershon take a big sniff . he 's in ecstasy . david ershon if the mother Mary wear perfume .... Allen and Terry move in on each side of ershon . Allen look only at the cheese . ( continued ) continued : terry that 's a nice hunk of cheese . which country 's bank pay for that ? ershon I wonder when you would return . ershon give the clerk he amex black card . allen I be sorry , but be there a chance I could have a small taste of that ? terry so be this what you do ? you steal from poor country so you can buy cheese ? ershon this be not just '' cheese . '' this be the Saint marjora gruyere , make by blind celibate monk in the basque region . age ten year in the tomb of Saint ferdinand . they say every slice of cheese have ten tear the monk shed for the flower they will never see . this single piece of cheese cost more that you make in a whole year . Terry and ershon stare each other down . allen can I have a piece ? ershon no . you may not . now if you will excuse I , I believe I ask you to speak to my lawyer . ershon sign the credit card slip and exit the store with Terry and Allen behind he . allen please can I have a taste of that cheese ? ext . CITY STREET - continuous they exit the store and walk down the street . ( continued ) 100 . continued : terry Don beam do not commit suicide . you know that . what do he find ? ershon stop and wheel on Terry . ershon Don beam be a good friend of mine , I do not appreciate you use he name !! allen look , we be all upset . let 's just sit down , have some of that cheese and figure this all out ! terry Allen , shut up about the cheese ! a cargo van pull up . the three armenian jump out . they make they way to the ershon . David ershon run . Terry and Allen follow . terry ( cont 'd ) why be you run from this man ? just tell we ! Allen slow and bend over . allen I be cramping up . too much cheese . Terry grab ershon by the neck . terry just get he in we car . I be in the mood for a fight . Allen lead ershon to the prius . the armenian rush at Terry who stand there calmly . Terry punch one in the throat , knock a telescoping rod out of another 's hand and break he wrist with it . quick flash CUT : a x-ray of a horribly break wrist . CUT back to real time : Terry kick the third guy into traffic where he be hit by a pass car . quick flash CUT : int . taxi cab - day six month later . the tall armenian drive a cab . he 's get a family of tourist . dad so , how have you become a cab driver ? ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 2 ) tall armenian I use to kill people , then I hurt my hip . I take the FDR , okay ? CUT back to real time : Terry kick the last guy in the stomach and punch the last guy with a nasty right hook in the mouth where he knock out several tooth . quick flash CUT : int . outback steakhouse - night armenian number 3 be on a date with a cute girl . cute girl I like you . you make I feel safe . he smile to reveal the worst fake tooth ever . cute girl ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , I be go to go . CUT back to real time : Terry run over and jump in the car where Allen and ershon be . allen how do you do that ? terry do not freak out and keep you leave up . Allen punch the accelerator and they pull out . ext . STREET - continuous the prius pull out we see four motorcyclist on low riding black mercede bike . it 's the african . one of they have a saw off shotgun . he fire at the car rip through the back window . terry who be this people shoot at ? you or we ? ershon I do not know !! Allen skid to a stop . allen okay , let 's find out . Terry hang ershon half out of the car . he look down the street and see the four motorcyclist tear at he . a shotgun blast at ershon . ershon panic . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ershon I invest money for foreign bank and I have some loss so I cover they with illegal money transfer from other bank and then I lose it all !! Terry pull ershon in and Allen hit the prius in reverse knocking one motorcyclist off he bike with the open passenger door . terry why be some of this group prop you up if you rip they off ? ershon honestly , I do not know ! Allen slam on the brake . Terry push ershon out . Allen put it into park and turn on the radio . music : phil collin 's you can not hurry Love . allen we have not have we lunch break yet Terry . terry no we have not Allen . Allen kick up he foot and open up ershon 's cheese and have a bite . the motorcyclist rocket towards they fire shot . ershon if it come out that I bankrupt the bank they whole economy will collapse . so they be prop I up until I can set deal with other country or they can set up something with the imf . terry be the imf a street gang ? ershon no ! the International monetary Fund . the basically buy mess up country ! now give I my fuck cheese . Terry pull he back in and Allen hit the pedal . ershon snatch the cheese back from Allen . Allen lean in and take one more bite . ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) allen ooohhhh . soo good ... Allen cruise through a parking lot . the three motorcyclist be still behind he . allen ( cont ’d ) I can not lose they . the door be the only drive trick I know . terry listen to I . you be gonna turn here and then leave on lex . the side window be shot out . the motorcyclist be all over they . terry ( cont 'd ) now cut the wheel to the right .... now ! Allen turn and there be literally 80 motorcyclist park in the middle of the street hang around . allen what the - ! terry I twittered a motorcycle challenge . Said I and my buddy be the fastest and who want a challenge . as they pass through all the bike follow the three motorcycle cause a giant pile up . Allen tear off leave they behind . allen I can not believe you tweeted ! be that you first ? terry I guess . ershon there 's many more people look for I . we be not safe . terry we get no back up . we need time to figure out what to do . allen there 's a safe house two block from here . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 3 ) allen ( cont 'd ) I do the paperwork on the new hot water heater they put in . they use it for mafia witness . ext . CITY STREET - five minute later they car screech to a stop in front of a brownstone . it have a foreclosed notice on the door and a real estate quick sale sign on the brick face . terry shit . allen they do not pay the mortgage on the safe house ? ershon I have a small apartment I use for private affair . no one know about it . go to 93rd and 2nd . int . loft - ten minute later it be a vast amazing space take up the whole floor , sparsely decorate , 360 view , terrace light up . allen this be you second apartment ? david ershon my third in New York . terry ( not impressed ) wow . how impressive . you have get lotsa fancy apartment . sit down dick . Terry push ershon onto a chair . a butler demarco , 50 , enter . demarco be everything okay Mr. ershon ? ershon yes , demarco . everything be fine . this be demarco . he care for the place and cook . 105 . int . ershon loft - twenty minute later they stroll around the apartment look at original Warhol 's and pollack . terry this really be a amazing place . what 's sad be you probably start take it for grant after a month or two . ershon if you like it , it 's yours . terry what ? ershon if you let I walk out of here , I will have my lawyer draw up some document so that no one will ever know how you get it and I will disappear . terry Drop dead . ershon how about the apartment plus two hundred million in a untraceable off shore account ? terry we say no ! allen be we tempt ? yes ! but the answer be no ! ershon one billion dollar . off shore account . there be a beat of silence . allen Terry , can we talk ? Terry and Allen step away . they talk very close to each other . ( continued ) continued : 106 . allen ( cont ’d ) one billion dollar ! and we know he have the money . we have a moral obligation to think about this . terry be you crazy ? there 's no argument . we definitely take this money . it 's a billion fuck dollar ! allen it 's tempting . it really be . I always want to open a hospital for the sick kid . terry right now , I want to cry that be so amazing . I can not believe I do not know that ! allen when I be kid , I be sickly . I have never tell anyone that . terry David , we will be with you in a moment . we be just hash out some detail ! allen you know what I just think of , so it do not seem so wrong ? we fund a department for the police force that train officer to resist bribe . terry that 's good . that way , yes , this be wrong . but a great good come from it . allen wait , wait , wait .... everyone will wonder where the money come from ! terry David ! wo not everyone wonder where the money come from ?! ershon believe I , if there 's one thing I know how to do it 's hide money . ( more ) ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) ershon ( cont 'd ) then you decide if you want to leave the country or just take small amount out for the next seventy year . beat . allen that 's good enough for I . Terry and Allen walk towards ershon with hand extend for a big handshake and a hug . terry done deal ! ershon you guy have make a wise decision . allen it feel great . a little wrong . but great . demarco pop a bottle of champagne . they all toast . int . loft —- twenty minute later the fax machine be ringing off the hook . page be come forward . Terry , Allen and ershon be huddle over a desk look at paper work and still sip champagne . ershon here be passport under aliase for access the money . terry thank you very much . ershon and now just a signature here . they both sign . allen this be so great . where do you go from here David ? ershon I actually make a deal with the chinese government . I bring ten of billion into they economy and they give I residence with no extradition . ( continued ) 108 . continued : allen that 's a very smart deal . very smart . ershon press the conference button on the phone . ershon let 's go around the horn to see who 's on the call once again . we hear voice on the phone . lawyer ( v.o. ) this be Evan riefle from riefle and taback . lawyer # 2 ( v.o. ) this be eileen shapp from gerland , shapp and quentin . foreign banker ( v.o. ) this be rudolpho mirici from the first Bank of Venice . foreign banker # 2 ( v.o. ) this be dmetri wirkin from - allen wait ! no ... I can not do it ! terry thank God . I can not do it either . ershon be you sure ? allen absolutely . I could never live with myself . my whole life would seem corrupt . terry sorry everyone . allen eileen , Evan , rudolpho ... dmitri . thank you for all of you work . but the deal 's off . ershon hang up . ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 2 ) int . loft Terry and ershon in terry I immediately feel better . but now that it sink in that we just pass on a billion dollar , I feel sick . allen I have a idea that could make we feel better ... - later Allen be inside a stun wine room with tow . allen what 's the most expensive bottle of wine you have ? we may not be take you bribe but we can at least live like you for one night . terry I love it . ershon this 98 's Napa Valley shiraz be quite good . terry bullshit . go for the oldest bottle at the end . int . loft - ten minute music : ella fitzgerald quick CUT ; Allen on the remember when angus for we I make up for quick CUT ; Terry on the later phone . allen I take you to Black anniversary ? tonight it . phone . terry just for tonight . no profess my love for you . no talk to you about we get marry . just we . 110 . int . loft kitchen - ten minute later Allen walk back and forth while demarco take note in the amazing kitchen . allen for dinner , kobe beef skewer with foie gras , lobster , take out of the shell , potato with black truffle and for dessert , the gold leaf cake . int . loft bedroom - five minute later we see Terry lock ershon into a guest bedroom . terry nighty night creep . int . loft - five minute later the guy stand in the mirror in designer tuxedo . terry you believe this guy keep tux for he guest ? the doorbell ring . int . loft - terrace a beautiful dinner . Allen pour a glass of wine , Sheila sip it sheila wow , it almost evaporate on you tongue . allen please , it 's not hic . that 's a forty thousand dollar bottle of wine accord to my wine appraisal app . demarco kobe beef skewer with humanely gather foie gras . enjoy . 111. ext . loft - night francine sit with Terry . francine I can not believe I be say this . but when you walk away and say you would never contact I again , I get a little sad . terry yeah . it be hard from my end too . francine I have miss you Terry . you be my first boyfriend . francine go up to he -- they be close for the first time in twenty year . Terry be dizzy . demarco walk in carry a tray . demarco gold leaf - ( he stop ) francine ? be this guy bother you ? ext . loft - night Sheila be now just in she bra . she and Allen be kissing . allen you know I love you honey . but we get to talk about some stuff that 's really be eat at I . sheila sure . whatever . Sheila stand there , beautiful . allen I feel like you have let yourself go . I feel like when we start dating , you we be the good look one and now , it 's change and I be the good look one . I guess that 's what that vow mean . sheila what be you say ? ( continued ) 112 . continued : allen I just do not want we to walk into a room and have people go , wow , look at that two . I wonder if she trap he . sheila look I be sorry , I have be so selfish in the last year . like when I say let 's experiment with a threesome or when I say take a year off from work and I will support we . allen you have be really , really selfish . and honestly , physically you look gross . but here 's what be amazing about we -- this conversation open my eye to why I love you . you inner beauty . sheila I love you . int . loft - night ershon sit in he room and type into he computer in chinese character . the computer screen : china AIR . he switch screen and go to a kide party planner . ershon pick up the phone . ershon I want to inquire about a bouncy castle for tomorrow morning ... int . loft —- day Terry and Allen stumble into the kitchen . demarco pour they fresh orange juice . Sheila 's up , read the paper . allen Morning . Terry grab a cup of coffee . francine run through , rush . francine I have a amazing time . but now I be late for ballet . she give Terry a kiss and leave . ( continued ) 113 . continued : Allen walk over to ershon 's room . allen ershon , you want some of you food ? Allen open the door . he see ershon stand on the window ledge about to jump . allen ( cont 'd ) David , no ! do not kill yourself and go to heaven where you 'il be shower with love for eternity ! Allen move towards ershon just as he let himself fall . allen ( cont 'd ) noooo ! Terry run over . allen ( cont ’d ) the sonofbitch jump . Terry and Allen look over the edge to see a bouncy castle perfectly place to break he fall . ext . build - day ershon climb off the bouncy castle . there 's a man dress as a prince . he watch ershon run by prince hey dude , where be the kid ? ershon jump into a wait car . int . loft - day terry where be he go ? Allen walk over to the desk phone and hit redial . voice ( in chinese ) Air China . allen he 's fly Air China . that 's JFK . Allen work he iphone . ( continued ) 114 . continued : allen ( cont 'd ) Flight tracker ! terry stop say out loud what thing you be use on you iphone ! just do it ! Allen scan it . allen next international flight in two hour . int . westside highway - day ershon 's suv head down the westside highway . a suv pull in behind they . then another suv . window be roll down revealing the armenian in one and the african in the other . they all carry tech - nine . the three car star jockey for position head down the westside highway . they exchange gunfire - window be blow out . cab skid out of the way . Terry and Allen 's car swing in behind they . the foursome tear down the westside highway . int . terry 's car - day Terry drive . Allen be on the radio . allen ( into radio ) head down tenth . be ready for book and processing , have a big stack of paperwork ready -- 8 by 11 , laser jet 24 pound stock , 94 brightness . Terry pull out a CD and put it in the player . they shout they conversation of the engine noise . allen ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? terry I get to think , sure we have different type of music . but sometimes when you put two type of music together . they become better and stronger . ( continued ) 115 . continued : allen you mean like a team ? terry I think what I say , say it without be too heavy hand . the way you say it make I feel queesy ! Allen hit play . it 's a mash - up between little river band and metallica -- it kick hard . allen it 's we time ! get out of the way ! immediately , the brazilian be behind they . the hot brazilian blow Allen a kiss and then they ram the prius . Terry and Allen 's car spin out of control toward a truck with two skater dude unloading a skate board ramp . the skater see Terry and Allen 's car careen for they . they drop the ramp and jump away . in slo mo we see the car drive right up the ramp and flip over , landing on they roof . hard . music out from Terry and Allen 's upside down Pov -- they watch as the brazilian , armenian , african , cop car and ershon all tear off into the distance . terry I feel like they have all the cool gun , all the cool car and we get we ass hand to we every time . Terry and Allen climb out of the car . Terry look over at the javitt 's Convention Center . on the front sign it read '' xxx adult convention , knife and gun show , and car and motorcycle show . '' allen let 's get to a wireless connection and cancel ershon 's airplane reservation . Terry run over to the javitt 's Center . allen ( cont 'd ) hey ! wait up ! 116 . ext . javett 's convention CENTER - day Terry come smashing through the MAIN window on a crazy spider three wheeled motorcycle with a pump action shot gun with a laser scope on it and porn STAR brianna bank sitting on the back . music : kicking pop thrash terry that 's more like it . after a beat Allen come tear around from the back in a tesla sport car with a SHOCK grenade gun . terry ( cont 'd ) Ms. bank , I love you film , you get to get off . brianna bank that be fun ! bye ! they both gun it and tear down town . int . day spa - same time the Lieutenant be massaging a middle aged woman in a day spa . lieutenant mauch ( answer phone ) yeah this be he . sweet Christ . a high speed chase with shot fire ? I will be right in . he storm off . int . precinct - same time Martin be over fosse 's shoulder study a computer screen ( unseen ) . fosse from the hair , I would say 1995ish . martin I be go with brazilian wax . fosse landing strip . fosse hit a button . they both scream with glee . ( continued ) 117 . continued : fosse /martin clean shaven ! I love this site . dispatch ( v.o . ) .-- multiple car involved in high speed chase ... Shots fire .... martin let 's go ! fosse one more . one more . they both go back to the screen . ext . manhattan skyline - same time News chopper jam the skyline . ext . time square - continuous ershon barrel down the street while be shot up by gun man in the two suv . suddenly the back tire of the armenian suv blow up and Terry come rocketing up on he bike with he sighted shot gun . the armenian suv be then ram and we see Allen in he tesla . we see brazilian hot lady and tough guy in the front seat . it 's chaos set to cranking music . Terry and Allen talk to each via bluetooth . terry we have get to ram they down University and tenth and through Washington Square . if I have get my date and time correct , they have get a little treat . allen wow . that helmet have build in blue tooth ? I be hand free ! ext . WASHINGTON square park - day New York Police Academy cadet graduation service be in progress . a high ranking officer be talk to a sea of new cadet and they proud parent . in the background we hear siren , horn , crashing . ( continued ) 118 . continued : police captain you be now part of a tradition build on tolerance and a firm belief that everyone be innocent and protect until prove guilty . just then , ershon 's car crash through the back of the stage . immediately follow be the suv , Terry 's motorcycle , Allen 's tesla . the squad Cars chase another suv . two of suv crash off the stage and come to a abrupt stop . cadet get ’em ! / my first collar ! all the cadet descend on the security force in the suv . they beat the crap out of the armenian and the african . ext . westside highway - continuous Terry come upon the suv and ershon pull up to the West side helipad . a chopper be waiting . terry he 's take a chopper !!! Allen come barrel around a corner and come scream up . ext . helipad - continuous they be second too late . ershon be getting in the helicopter . the brazilian be pull up . the helicopter 's blade spin , ershon climb in . Allen drive he tesla , skid to a stop . allen he must have a private plane in Jersey ! we have lose he ! terry the hell with that .... Terry take off he helmet , watch in disgust . he look at Allen 's car , perfectly position . tight on Terry 's eye . tight on Allen 's eye . tight on Terry as he nod ' yes ' . tight on Allen as he nod ' no ' . Terry put back on he helmet and revs the throttle . allen nol !!! ( continued ) 119 . continued : Terry lock the brake as the back tire burn rubber and then pop the clutch . Allen 's eye grow huge as Terry full speed come right at he . at the last millisecond , terry pop a wheelie using the tesla like a ramp , shoot himself in to the air . Terry in slo mo sail toward the rise helicopter . cop , allen , bad guy all stare , freeze . Terry sail , separate from he bike . with one hand he cock he shot gun , the other , he reach for the door to the helicopter . it 's poetry . then in real time , terry slam head first into the helicopter glass and fall forty feet to the water . allen ( cont ’d ) nooo !!!! Allen dive into the water . in the background we see the helicopter corkscrew from the impact and fall into the water with a huge violent splash . Police Cars pull in and block the brazilian 's van from leave . ext . pier - ten minute later - day Harbor patrol boat circle the helicopter . allen and terry stand wet with blanket by the edge of the pier . uniform police lead away the brazilian . as they pass Terry and Allen the hot brazilian lady break away and kiss allen . hot brazilian lady ( in portuguese ) I will meet you in Rio in twenty year . the police pull she away and towards the paddy wagon . terry come on man , what be with you and the lady ? allen do not freak out and always picture they on the toilet when you talk to they . ershon be hand over to Terry and Allen . ershon you get I . I guess even a man with no leg sometimes step in a turd . ( continued ) 120 . continued : terry I tell you that be a phrase . cuff he Allen . Allen put cuff on ershon . allen you have the right to remain silent . anything you say can and will be use against you ina court of law . you have the right to ... we pull out as rights be read . ext . CITY hall - next day int . CITY hall meeting room —- continuous the Mayor , the d.a. , Allen , Terry , Lieutenant mauch and two SEC official sit at a large conference table . ershon sit at the far end of the table with handcuffs on . SEC official # 1 ershon be tie to a dozen international bank not to mention at least five major domestic bank that have receive bailout fund be finally show sign of recovery . d.a . we know this be a mess . a lot of we in the room will suffer loss as well . mayor first and foremost , David , what happen to the god damn money ? ershon I do not know . mayor David you asshole ! I be godfather to you son ! I know you . you be a meticulous prick ! where be it !? ershon it 's on my Facebook page . ( continued ) 121 . continued : d.a . what ? Allen click on Facebook . it show on a large screen . allen there 's a lot of data on this page . sorry for the delay . we see the spin pin wheel on the screen . everyone wait . allen ( cont ’d ) ( sing to kill time ) spinning wheel ... spinning round ... ride a painted poney let the spinning wheel spin ! d.a. stop it detective . the pin wheel stop . everyone lean in . tight on screen we see it 's a Facebook page for David E . there 's one video imb which Allen click on . the beginning of Rob schneider 's chick magnet start . Rob schneider wear a big pimp hat and spill a drink on a woman 's breast . mayor what the hell be this ? ershon the bulk of the money be lose once currency begin to fall . the rest be invest in german Health Care fund , they then invest the money into derivative , which we be buy by China , who turn around and buy basket of mortgage , that money be turn around and invest in a film production company which at some point last year , shot '' chick magnet . '' and that be all that 's leave . mayor 80 billion dollar go . sweet Jesus . bob I see that movie . it be funny . ( continued ) 122 . continued : ( 2 ) we see that Bob be in the room too with a cup of coffee . d.a. God bless America . another SEC official walk in and hand papers to official # 1 . SEC official # 1 more bad news . we lawyer have be pour over the charge against ershon and because of a bill pass in ' 01 concern international banking regulation , technically speak David ershon have not do anything illegal . terry you gotta be kid I ! I never hear about that bill ! mayor I do . page 22 section D bottom right column of the Times . plus C span mention it . ershon stand up and SEC official # 2 unlock he handcuffs . allen wait ! Allen put a bunch of paper work on the table . allen ( cont 'd ) I have be filing evidence and write report during my down time on this case ... he start push forward immaculate file . allen ( cont 'd ) .... offer a officer of the law a bribe .... fleeing and evade arrest .... failure to comply .... and of course : violation of the public hazard act by fail to get a proper permit for scaffold . the d.a. look at the paperwork . d.a . he ’1ll do ninety day , top . ( continued ) 123 . continued : ( 3 ) lieutenant mauch do not listen to this hack detective . this be the close they have be to do the right thing in year . int . CITY hall foyer - five minute later Terry and Allen exit and walk down the step . there be no press conference . but across the way Martin and fosse stand in front of three dozen reporter . reporter # 1 when do you realize that brazilian terrorist be in the city ? fosse it 's really something you just know in you bone .... terry I can not believe we trade ninety day and failure to file a permit for brazilian terrorist . allen I be fine with it . terry yeah .... screw career . ext . sixth avenue - day Terry and Allen sit on the fountain on Sixth Avenue and 5lst eat gyros . a strange guy walk up they in silhouette from the sun . strange guy okay here 's the deal . you think you break this open ? you do nothing . if anything busting a guy like ershon give people a sense that nothing 's go on . but right now there 's fifty lobbyist out there pound Washington , stripping out every form of regulation so that guy like ershon can run wild . you do not land the big fish , you just spanke a guppy . ( continued ) 124 . continued : terry what the Hell ? the strange guy step out of the sun , it 's derek jeter . terry ( cont 'd ) derek jeter ? derek jeter Terry , you be set up that night you shot I . there be no threat and they know put a quick trigger finger like you by that door where I always take a pre-game ipod walk would turn out bad for I . I have be do my own investigation on ershon . I try to talk to people , no one listen . and that 's when they send you . it shut I up . it shut I up for year , until I see what you guy do . I forgive you Terry . terry wow . I can not believe it be a set up . I be so sorry . derek jeter the whole system 's dirty with big money . you guy be not the only one 's who love this city . there be other . but start here . derek hand they a folder . derek jeter ( cont 'd ) a guy by the name of Carl bastion , ceo of macrobank . he take three billion in tarp fund , but refuse to give documentation on how he spend it . take he down . but be careful , this guy 's get blackwater mercenary on the clock 24 / 7 . derek walk off feed pigeon like a street person . int . terry 's car - day music up : pink floyd 's , '' money '' cover by mos definitely . they be drive off in the batter tesla , head down the westside highway towards Wall Street . Allen read the file . ( continued ) 125 . continued : allen this guy bastion be nasty . he summer with Dick Cheney . you be go to have to teach I to shoot and fight like you . terry now , you be just blow smoke up my ass . allen please do not say that . it 's disgusting . terry how be that disgusting ? allen why would blow smoke up someone 's ass be a good thing ? terry it 's a figure of speech . allen it 's derange . what kind of a pervert introduce that into the language ? by definition the smoke be second hand , equally as dangerous . terry I have never understand kissing ass as a phrase . the only person I want kissing my ass be you wife . allen alright , you just cross the line . roll credit