the new world : a story of the indie written by terrence malick the mgw vorld . a stpry of the indie by , terrence malick c of 's the English capt John Smith , a English adventurer John rolfe , a tobacco planter capt Newport , first President of the jamestown colony master wingfield , a gentleman capt argall , a soldier of fortune Mary , a may Ben , a friend of Smith 's wilf , a cabin boy capt ratcliffe , Newport 's aide King James and Queen Anne ackley , jonson , selway , Emery , Robinson ; colonist er a : pecahontas , a young princess the great powhatan , she father , Emperor of the Indians opechancanough , powhatan 's brother parahunt , Pocahontas 's brother patowomeck , King of pastancy , she treacherous uncle wobblehead , a lunatic tomocome , powhatan 's interpreter with various fortune - seeker of the jamestown colony , court official of werowocomoco , Chiefs of the pamunkey army , etc . . " Pocahontas easily prevaile with she father and she countryman to allow she to indulge she passion for the captain , by often visit the fort , and always accompany she visit with a fresh supply of provision : therefore it may justly be say , that the success of we first settlement in America , be chiefly owe to the love this girl have conceive for capt Smith , and consequently in this instance , as well as in many other , love doe all that 's great below ! " " a short account of the british plantation in America , " londen Magazine , 1755 by title over black , cus of pocahontas the title appear : the_new world : ( and dissolves to ) the front credit follow , over shot of we heroine learn English from we hero . she repeat one word another : trea , bush , leaf , bird , cloud . ord after 1 legend - ext . sea a legand appear over the wild , unbounded saa . '' no man understandeth or knowe what Virginia be . '' - capt. John Smith the legend fade cut , except for the word '' Virginia , '' beneath which appear the date : : 26 April 1607 . then continue : : while columbus have struck the shore of year the new world over a century before , . NORTH america remained unexplored 2 ext . new world shore , chesapeake BAY Young pamunkey Indians , the original inhabitant of tha Virginia coast , splash and duck each other in the shallow — of cheasapeake Bay . . Little work be raquire of they . Virginia be a rich , magical country , where nature have provide for every human want . Wild plum and cherries grow in profusion along the bank of thea musical river . grape dangle from the bough of tall pine and bog magnolias perfume the air , the brave tend the fishing wair , plant corn and squash , while the woman gather berry and lay meat out in strip to dry . they work be soon finish , however , and they join the child at they life of play . 3 underwater shot -. pocahontas - angle on shore gayest of they all be pocahontas , a girl of sixtean , whom wae first discover underwater , diving for mussel and i catch a sturgeon by the tail . she trim she hair with '' pearl as shea sit by the shore . she gaza in a rapture at ed the wind rush through the tree . € - the Indians all defer to she . she be the favorite d : da . aughtar of powhatan , they Emperor , who sit along the shore be a mood of philosophical delight . she have a lova of life and a eanto dy mischievous way that make har irresistible to they all . excite scout a scout suddenly break into the Indians 's midst , gesture towards the east . with breathless excitement . ext . virginia shore the Indians rush through the pine wood and down to the shore , where they stop and gape , Three English merchant ship loom on the horizon . what be this apparition ? bird ? float island ? messenger of the god ? at a signal from they leader , they hurry back to they camp . tight on pocahontas the Indians run past Pocahontas and into thea wood . messenger beat drum and blow saa-shell trumpet . puzzle , she drift down toward thea shore . she stand in tha woven shade at the water 's edga , gaze at the English sail . she be in no way alarmed . it be as though she know they be come . a mysterious smile appear on she lip . ext . chesapeake BAY - aboard the susan constant a sounding lina plunge into the dark water of the bay . voice ( 0.s. ) Tan fathom . sweeper bear right , cap 'o . right full rudder . aboard the eight - gun Susan constant , flagship of the thrae - vassel fleat , captain christopher newport breathes in tha first sweat fragrance of the land . they have spend three month 'at sea , wrack by tempest and - diseasea . not one of the seventy man on board be entirely fit . still , most have manage to drag themselves on deck , where they gaze in prayer and silence at the heart -stir green band on the horizon , unlike the puritans who will follow they thirteen year later , they be a rough , quarrelsome lot of desperado -- the refuse of society , America - bound because England would not have they . in this new land they have everything to gain and nothing toa lose . 10 11 Newport , they leader , be a gentleman of fame . with od he raid cadiz harbor in 1587 and single - handedly capture the madre da dios , tha richest Spanish galleon ever to fall into English hand . int . hold - captain JOHN smith one young adventurer , captain JOHN smith , be not en deck but sit . in the hold . he have be cast in irona to await hang on a charge of mutiny . Smith be a boisterous man of great strength , a warm - heart rabel , a lover of play and song . he speak he mind without mincing word , convinced he must always be right , in small matter no less than in large . he be long accustom to the disfavor of he superior and dee not have a politic bone in he body . he wear the earring of a moorish woman to whom he be once a slave . he have be a prisoner of the Turks , a beggar in Moscow , have fight the tartars in transylvania and be - shipwreck in three seas . with no rank or property , no education or connection , he can only win fame or fortune by he dare . the career he have take up be the single one open to a parson of he ambition . he be a. true pioneer , forever leave the past behind , bear the brunt of danger , contemptuous of fear -- a conqueror who let down anchor when the whim seize he , make the shore he home for a while , then inevitably grow bored and move on , the seek he luck elsewhere . ext . english ship - flag the Susan constant signal she two sister vessal to come about and fall in behind har . they be tiny thing , deck with flag and paint with bright marking as a defense against sea monster . they leok as though they have be build for child , hardly seaworthy , ext . jame river the ship leave tha sparkling water of cheasapeake Bay and turn up the James River , in search of a harbor beyond the reach of Spanish privateer . a man dangle over the side to taste the water . man sweet water , Captain ! ext . jamestown moorage the English moor the ship to the long branch of a oak tree that hang ott over the bank . 12 13 with Newport in the lead , thay wade ashore . they speak the one another in hushed voice , as though thay have great temple . , g ay have enter a Hera , on this strip of marshy land , America ig bear . jamestown will be England 's first permanent settlement in the Northern hemisphere , for that matter she first colony anywhere . other angle the English explora the land , enjoy they new fraadom after month on the Atlantic . they pick the plant and inspect they , amaze by the bounty of this new world . everything be splendid and rare . voice ( 0.s , ) there 's oyster on the shore as thick as stone . Fish everywhere . they lock into you eye . we will live like king ! king ! they feint at one another with they sword , practice parry and thrust , chop at branch and flower to test the edge of they steel , stab vainly at the fish that flash through the stream . there be a few woman in they company ; two or three . sailor Captain Newport ! the sailor call Newport 's attention to a dugout canoe float down the river . Inside the canoe , fully erect , sit a skeleton drape with pearl necklace . newport musket ! Newport prick he @ar as a strange , haunt seng come wafting to he on the wind from far away . the man be keen with apprehension and excitement . Far away , Pocahontas watch from she perch in a tree . ext . hanging tree . elsewhere , unaware of this apparition , captain wingfield prepare the noose in which , as a first order of business , Smith must hang . Smith stand on a stool , unperturb . smith I admire you , wingfield . yes , [ admire anybody who dare to anjoy himself . after all , most thing be set up so you will not . ( more ) smite ( cont have ) they hold you by the nosa and make damn sure you will not misbehave . well , God will take care of they , right ? wingfield if I be you , Smith , I would take advantage of thesa precious minute to compose my prayer . smith he have no intention of hang I . why should ha ? he follow the path of logic , wingfield . he use he mind . wingfield I think , in this fataful instance , you might be wrong . smith I do not know why I waste my breath . let people be . deo not open they aye . suppose you do , what have they sea ? they misery . man be a brute -~ a great brute . if you be cruel to he , he respects and fear you . if you ara kind to he , he pluck out you eye . wingfield good , very good . I intend to make a collaction of you say , if you will permit I . capt Newport walk up . newport lat he go . wingfield you say to hang he . newport remember , Smith , that you be under a sloud and that it will darken if 1 hear any more of you mutinous remark . now make yourself useful . Newport have only want to throw a scare into he , as Smith guess . the man raise a cheer as Smith 's hand be untied . he be a immensely popular figure . wingfield I think you should reconsider this decision , sir . 14 - newport wingfield , not everybody in this world be able to keep he mouth shut , and you might perhaps be one of that who can not . they find they havea cross the subtle line between independence - of think and sheer insolence . wow that might ba happen the you , do not you think ? Smith give wingfield a broad smile . ext . virginia shore Smith swaggar around , ignore he shipmate 's congratulation . he have a hardy confidence in himself that inspire respect . his eye area alive with a cun intelligence . he wear a bright uniform and a steel chestplate emboss with a rampant dragon , daspite the heat that have cause the other to strip down to they singlet . there be something convincing about he bold , outiandish manner . he have a way of carry it off . BEN , the ship 's cook , salute he friend . BEN thay jat you go ! a terrible mistake thay make there . come , sit like a gentleman , be idle . I think surely thay would hang you . smith why would they do that ? BEN why , for the ‘arm you do we all ! I can only speak for myself , but before I meet you , I know nothing and now 1 be , if a man should speak truly , little better than one of the wick , lie about the whole day , dream of gild palace and the like , caring nething fer the world 's business . you could corrupt a saint , capt Smith . Smith smile . he like he mate and the place he enjoy in they heart . BEN land mo a pinch of tobacco , would you ? no ? not a pinch ? I have friend 's and I have acquaintance . I will piss in you bedding . ( more ) 15 16 BEN ( cont have ) I will see dog 's meat mada of you flesh and dice of you bone . work on that ! ( to the other ) you sea , gentleman , there be . to defense againat wit . smith pity you have not find a way to live by it ! he walk off . BEN hold you tongue ! as I be a gentleman bear , I will gat drunk , grow valiant and beat you within a inch of you ife . Smith stand with a man name ackley , gaze at the wood . ackley therea 's something out there , Smith . you can feel it . I do not like it that the tree run down so close to tha shore , the boat 's not protect . newport and scout a scout have sighted tha Indians . scout natural , sir . Sea there ? they be make quite a fuss , too . Three Indians run down the opposite shore of the river , call to one another in strange , bird - like syllable . newport prepare the pinnace and a war party . twenty man . the threa Indians run past Pocahontas . ext . virginia wood - smith Smith enter the virgin forest , awed but unafraid , like someone enter a great cathedral . he have slip away from the other . the tree area full of cool draft , like a spring - feed pool . they seem to roll on forever , flat and park -like , partition by creek and stream that at low tide become slick of black mud . cluster of grape hang from vine that twine through they bough . rn . wv 18 softwood grow side by side with oak and 1 contradictory sight to european eye . turkey dust themselves in tha sand . they nest lie open , brim with egg , as though they have no fear of Marauders . the call of each bird stand out sharp and clear i this April afternoon . p fin the caim of pocahontas and parahunt Pocahontas and she brother , parahunt , steal through the tree to get a closer look at the visitor . Pocahontas wear a wreath on she head and a short buckskin apron , except for the long strand of pearl and shell that hang around she neck , she be bare above the waist . below she knee and above she albow , she arm and leg be ornament with tattoo , give she a vaguely polynesian appearance . she see Smith and freeza in she track . parahunt want to go back , but impatient with she brother 's timidity , she venture closer . Smith turn and see she , all at once . shae gaze at he as though he be a visitor from the sky . with. he beard and he glint armor , alone in the stillness of the forast , he seem so handsome , so unafraid -- a blue -ey , fair - haire god . she turn a cartwheel . then , with a odd laugh , she be go . ext . opposite shore of the jame the pinnace , a small sailboat , strike the opposite shore . Newport and he man jump out and , weight down with they casque and armor , crossbow and pike , wade clumsily ashore . quickly they find footprint , at first only footprint . tangion mount as they advance into the wood . they sansa they be be watch . . sailor sssssst ! Newport look around to behold a magnificent pamunkey brave stand at the adge of a clear a hundred foot away . the brave lowar he bow and give two loud shout . the English jump back , startle . . Newport step forward and put he hand over he heart , as a sign the English mean no harm . the brave nod , as though to say he understand . he raise he hand and two hundred battie-dressed warrior step out from the wood . they be a handsome people , a full head taller than the English . be unlike the severe , aquiline Indians of the whom we be accustom , they have round face bread *e cheekbone and straight nosas . they skin be the calor of burnish gold , they eya jet black , in shape almost chinese . buffalo tail dangle from they balt on the ground behind they . Dead blackbird hang from they ear they chalk they . cheek and arm with root dy and shave the right side of they haad , to keep they hair clear of they bowstring , give each man two completely different profile -- one frightful , the other soft and noble . the English have never see being remotely like this and murmur with astonishment -- astonishment , than gradually fear , as they realize they could easily be overwhelm . the brave strike he head and chest , then reach out to strike Newport 's the same way . Newport shy back , distrust he intention . the brave smile and repeat the gasture . newport Mr. ackley ? the , brave pull he hair , then with a jovial look point at neawport 's own . ackley | he do not know how to make . he " meaning plain , but it appear he mean we be all make of tha same flesh and blood . again , Newport put he hand over he heart . the brave come forward , nodd with great satisfaction , and ask permission to touch Newport 's skin . the Indians be fascinate above all else by the englishmen 's white pallor , exaggerated by they long month at sea . Newport laugh and hold he arm out for inspection . the brave touch it with a little gasp of awe , Pocahontas look at she brother and smile , ext . along the jame river - a golden age the Indians have grow more trust . they dance with panpipe on the shore and wade out into the shallow to greet the English longboat with song of welcome . some paddle ahead in they long canoe to warn nawpert 's helmsman of snag in the water . '' we hava never in the world so far encounter a kinder people , '' write James barlowe , captain of Raleigh 's ill - fated 1584 expaédition , ' we be entertained with ; friendship and be give everything they could provide . wa find ( they ) gentle , loving and faithful , lack all guile and trickery . it be as if they live ina golden aga of they own . '' 20 10 . a sailor rush up to Smith , breathless with excitement . sailor I give this indian woman a brokan plata , and she give I four row of she pearl . I tell you , we come to tha richast country in the world . the ship 's bosun , a great hulk man , spot one of the indian steal a hatchet . bosun what do you think you be do ? the indian back away , uncomprehend , his people have communal idea about property which the English do not share . bosun Drop itt alarm by thea bosun 's tone of voice , the brave turn and run . the bosun level he musket and send a volley crash through the underbrush , sting the flee indian 's shoulder with a spray of pellet . his fellow gape at this display of tha englishmen 's power . ' Smith knock he to the ground . . smith you fool ! tie he hand behind he back . the bosun strike back at Smith , who with a swift display of physical courage quickly subdue he . the Indians ratreat to the trea line . Pocahontas watch as Smith try to call they back , but they no longer trust the visitor from heaven . bosun he steal my hatchet ! Smith drag tha bosun down into the water , and in full sight of the Indians , shove he head underwater again and again , as though to show they he will punish the offender . they do not understand the meaning of this display , howevar , and shy off like deer , thay disappear into the wood . Pocahontas be tha last to retreat , she eye still detain by the English haro . new angle Newport harangue the assemble English company . a il , newport capt Smith do well today and go a considerable way towards reinstate himself in we good opinion . but the hardship we face ara great still for tha action of a fool . tonight we shall sleep aboard the ship , every man in full armor . in the morning we shall chop down every tree within half a mile of the moorage and use the straightest timber to palisade a fort . when we have do that , we must set corn , put up house and lay in firewood . slacker will be execute at , the site of they transgression . yas , salway ? selway Sir , when be we go out to -- poke around ? newport . we be not here to pillage and raid . but to expand England 's domain of reason and light , we have it in we mean to make a fresh world here , one where the lion might lie down with the lamb and the wolf with the sheep , where there might be plenty for all . every man who work hard in time will be raward . but we must work , too , for the good of that who be to come . wa shall enjoy the good thing of the earth , and wa shall be happy to think that after we , and thanks to we , man will recognize themsalves as be happier , better and more free . selway begging you pardon , but if we would want to farm , we could ' ave stay in Devon . . newport perhaps you have make a terrible mistake . gold will do you no good six month from now , when the snow fly . we want to live in peace with this people . we survival depend upen keep that peace , we shali at some point explora the land , but we shall not plunder it . do I make myself clear ? 21 12 . when nobody speak , Newport lower he head and offer a prayer of thanksgive . : newport Lord , we have the Devil and all the Gates of Hell against we , but if thou art with we , wa care not who be against we . grant we , therefore , a healthy portion of thy mercy . we ask it in the name of thy son , Jesus Christ we Lord . amen . ext . jamestown settlement - montage at dawn the next morning , the English strip off they doublet and set to work . the forest ring with the bite of they kentish axe . sweat glisten on they tattooe back . after month at sea , the work be a joy . when the fell gang be do , the sawyer drag the log off to hew they into timber . soon a small fort be under construction . Pocahontas watch from afar . from time to time she allow the cabin boy to approach she . they secon be teach she English word . forager attempt to catch fish and wildfowl but without the help of the Indians have little success . carpenter put together a shallop , a shallow - draught vessel for navigate the river , pitch the tent and stake out garden . yeomen sow oat and barley . Newport be a wise leader . he give every man a job , though the gentleman be exempt from physical labor . he go around keep up they spirit and , where necessary , lend a hand . but when he come upon two of they company pluck a wild goose , he be inflame to wrath . the man be haul to the ground , and they hand be bound behind they back . . newport oe clever dog ! staunch to the last ! never tell we how they manage to look so fit . and why should they ? no , fine fellow , fine fellow ! oturn to he adjutant ) wait until the sun go down to bury they .. I do not , want the savage to think we number be dwindling . 23 24 indian 's Pov overcome by curiosity , the Indians have return to the vicinity of the camp , from across the river , they witness the axecution of the poacher . it seem not to deter they curiosity . a brave name tomocomo talk with the sentries , a distinctive man , dyed black frem haad to toe and cover with tattoo . : ext . half -finished fort at jamestown - smith Smith sit with a sketch board , draw the strange variety of plant he have turn up . tha fort be now half - finish . at one point , stand watch by the wall , he see Pocahontas cavort with the cabin boy -- walk on she hand , challenging they to follow she example in the English phrase they have teach she . he note how , find herself alone , sha look up into the cloud above . her lip move as though she be speak with someone . she seem to feel he eye on she , stop , turn and look evenly at he . he wave to she . she wave back , as though -- urging he to come out and play . he smile and shake he head ; he be on guard and must stay where he be . but the incident make its impression . his nerve tingle with a strange delight . will he go away into the blackness of death never have know the mystery of she free , fresh life ? . ext . company store Ben show Newport that the keg of grain and hardtack they have bring from England be infest with worm . newport the damp get in . BEN -- the damp 's not you problam . some of the keg be good , but they be go now . somebody filch ‘am . I know what you be think , but it could not have be the natural . they could not get through the lock . have to be one of we own . . . ackley the frost hag nip we oat . we sit they in too late . the native know how to 's catch this fish . they will not come to a hook . 25 26 14 , newport speak softly . tell no ona of the condition of we storas . ext . half -finished fort - smith 's pove Smith watch the cabin boy imitate they indian playmate . her cinnamon breast have inflame they young imagination . then he see that a English party under the leadership of capt argall , a adventurer like himself , have capture two Indians who venture too clasely to the fort and bring they to Newport for interrogation . one of they be tomocomo . argall they can tell we what we can not find out for ourselves . int . sailcloth lean -to a council of the jamestown elder sit in the shade of a ~- sling sail . hog forage for scrap of food in the rutte lane . the capture Indians stand next to Newport . newport - ( preside ) we be here by the will of Providence . have we not sighted land the day we do , I would have turn back . we xva eat the best part of we store . we best man be sick with fever ; the. rest will soon breathe mutiny . we might as well be shipwreck . now the natural tell I of a city up the river , and a mighty King who life there . I propose we send a envoy to he , to sea whether he can be persuade to trade with we . meanwhile , I shall raturn to England for fresh supplies . I will net be back until the spring . you will be utterly alone until then , but my leave will free the man , when adversity strike , of any temptation to return . ratcliffe here will be in command . as to who shall approach the Savage King , I need not tell you that it will be a hazardous mission . a silence follow . 18 . argall Captain Smith be the only professional soldier among we . he alone be suite to the task . there be noise of agreement . Smith bow . wingfield nleap up ) I should very dearly like to know one thing . what be to prevent this friend ef the hangman from make league with the natural , then turn upon we , only under the extremity of torture , I should like to assume ? or instruct they in the conduct of war and English strategy , if I may make so bold ? his right to the title of captaincy be dubious at best . the low - bear son of a yeoman cannot be expect to behave with a gentleman 's sense of propriety . argall perhaps you have like to go , wingfield ! the other laugh . newport the sentiment of the council be clear . moreover , it conform with my own . ( to Smith ) this will be you opportunity to repair you reputation for discipline and obedience . I axpect you to welcome it . smith ( with a bow ) I do . ext . jamestown dock Smith walk along the jamestown dock with Newport as he prepare to set off in the shallop the carpenter have build . meanwhile the principal ship be be provision for Newport 's return to England . nerport be you afraid ? smith no. 16 . newport I would be . smith I have always believe that sooner or later something good , something special , be in stora for I . a destiny all my own , I suppose I ama musselman in that way , newport a musselman ? smith I begge in Moscow when it be blow snow in eight - foot drift . I be the only man to come out alive when my regiment be overrun by the Turks in transylvania . they put a chain around my neck and give I as a slave toa stambuli lady -- she name be tragabonza -~ and she order I around like she sit - up dog , until she get bored and poison I , to see if I could take it . I never lose hope . even when it look bad , you know , I never even feel in danger . I have this feel , through it all , that there be something wait for I -- my life would not end until I have find it -- achieve it . I never know where it lay or what it be exactly . ( over a river , wind . its way into the interior ) ruling huge country for myself and the King , do thing that seem impossible to the world , make the heathen fly like the wind -- I have all manner of idea . then I come to the conviction it be in the East . I think that must be it -- to find the way through to the indie . no one have dona it . I mean to , and I will . nawport smile through all this , with a indulgence that seem almost paternal . newport interesting , you must always keep in mind : you responsibility to the rest of you countryman , however . most of they be idiot and fortune - seeker , but even so they be under you protection . ( more ) 28 29 v7 . . newport ( cont 's d) you have the making of a leader , Smith . you have a future here . so , the boat be ready . make England 's name formidable . : Smith bow and board the shallop . they have laid on provision of cloth , bead , food and book . the rast of jamestown wave goodbye from the shore . ext . chickahominy river - smith 's pove Smith make he way up the chickahominy River in search of the King . with he area nine englishmen , heavily armed , and the two capture Indians . they sing as they rew , to steady they nerve . the river wind through vast float garden of water lily and sedge . the shore thrum with cicadas . Little by little the land reveal itself to they . they pass a indian town . the people come down from they field to raise up they peculiar shout of greeting but they no longer offer help or gift . at night they see brave spearing eel in the shallow by the light of flame torch . the land grow still more mysterious , more magical , as they work they way up the river . dragonfly dart about like pixie . huge carving of otherworldly being appear in the reck along the bank . the skeleton of ancient pamunkey chief hang from the rafter of sacred hut . it seem the scene of visionary enchantment will naver end . yet gradually the channel narrow . the overhange branch of the tree make the go difficult , and strange cry reach they ear . the English company soon be show distinct sign of unrest . helmsman Captain , we have not the draught to go any further . ( Smith be silent ) I can not stand out in the river , they can reach we with they weapon now . you hear I , Captain ? we nre in bowshot . Smith signal that they should put in to shore . ext . shore two indian woman tempt a sailor who have wander off from the rest of the English party to follow they into the wood . he be cautious at first , but curiosity or lust get the better of he . 30 rest of the party his distant cry of pain send shiver through the English . first englishman let 's go back , sir , second englishman we could gather a larger party . we be lose . you know it , and we know it , too . third englishman let 's put it to a vote ! I have rather die on the gallow than have my throat cut by this monster . Smith feel a mutiny brewing . smith the natural say that we shall come to wide lake and a mighty river fall west into the indian Ocean . I think I should not tell you . the people there be unlike any we have ever see , gold be more plentiful with they than copper be with we , and for as much red copper as you can bring , you will have three time its weight in gold . why , they chamber pot and drip pan be pure gold , and the chain they chain they street up with , and even the prisoner they take , be bound in gold , and as for ruby and diamond , they go forth on holiday and gather they by the seashore to hang on they childran 's coat and stick in they cap . he continue over scene of the original America , the infinite land of primeval beauty , over its lake and mountain and stream . smith ( 0.s. ) I do not know whether to credit this . you decide . but I think we shall live freely there , without sergeant or lawyer or courtier , only a few industrious Scots , perhaps , who indeed be scattered over the face of the whole earth . I think they will lay they treasure at cur foot . you will be noblemen , never slave . ( more } 31 32 19 . smith ( cont would ) each man shall have he fig trea to lia baneath . they will favor you without you have the pander , scrape or steal . the thing we value to they ara worth no mere than straw . there 's danger , but what be danger compare with sea that city ~- magical capital that stretch for mile and risa into the cloud , glance in the evening light . would the like aver happen to you in England ? you freedom 's at hand , man . make you choice . go back and muck about the rest of you life -- dia like cattle , never lift you eye from tha ground -- or come with mar -- to the East . he point wast , toward the indie . only two man step forward , a young carpenter name thomas emery and a sailor , jehu robinson . emery look ! one of the indian guide , tomocomo , have take to the wood . smith lat he go . I could have the rest of you hang as deserter . but I would xather go on with this two man than with a flock of duck . ext . shore - fog Smith continue on with a canoe , the remain guide and the two English volunteer . robinson very good , Captain . smith be I impressive ? the wilderness close around they . smith 's pove - fog the country hag a supernatural mystery . beaver crack they tail and slip beneath the surface . flight of wild duck pass overhead . be the canoe to capsize , they would probably drow under the weight of they armor . against a attack they would be defenseless . but Smith feel himself be draw on ; he do not know quite why . 20 . somewhere , dimly , he feel there be something wait for he , something fine and unspeakable , infinitely more exalt than the prospect of fame and fortune that draw the other English on . emery you know where we be , Captain ? Smith do not reply . robinson what be we doin’ this for ? emery I be after the coin . Newport can talk , but I laid my Jesus on the shelf for the time bein’ . instead I bring a compass and a rule , to make a map . now tell I I do not look a’ead and use I brain ! they jump out of they skin as Smith discharge he musket into a bush along the shore . the shot echoe down the waterway , until it fade away and the bird resume they twitter . smith put in here . emery but it 's thick as a jungle , sir . we do not know the trail . robinson it 's a bleedin’ evil place , even in daylight . you do not know what might ' appen in there , it 's that rotten still . ignoring they protest , Smith strap on he siege helmet . ext . chickahominy shore - second landing Robinson and Emery load they matchlock . smith keep you matchlock light . signal if you see anything . . emery ; what if they start peltin’ we with arrow ? smith imagine they win not hit you . be 34 35 36 37 Smith move down the trail into the wilderness , accompany by the remain indian guide . soon he friend have vanish from sight . smith 's pove - bear , etc . he see a hummingbird . he see a bear feed on a blueberry bush . it watch he for a moment , then move off . while he be thus absorb , he guide desert he . Smith see he retreate through the wood but do not pursue he . the music build a mood of tension . he be utterly lose , and he know it . mockingbird fly down to attack he when he come too near they nest . he press on , entrance . now , in the distance , he hear a cry . pove on smith suspect he mate have run into the Indians , Smith turn back . tha clanking of he armor be loud in the stillness of the forest , he bright silk conspicuous . gradually , we begin to observe he from the point of view of pamunkey warrior steal up from the depth of the forest . ext . deep forest from out of nowhere , a flight of arrow descend on he . two ricochet off he breastplate . one plunge into he thigh . he pluck it cut , inspect it curiously and break it in half . he slip down the face mask of he burgonet and prepare he halberd , a spear with the head of a axa . a hundred Indians appear from the tree . they do not come at he directly but run around he in circle . in they manner of warfare the object be net to kill the enemy so much as to humiliate he into surrender , a display of superior force demonstrate that resistance be futile . as they get closer , the Indians race in and touch he , like child play tag . Smith shoot the boldest of they in the hand with he 's pistel . the other step back , amaze at this device that fire thunderbolt and lightning . holding the entire party at bay , he walk backward to the point on the riverbank where he leave he comrade . ext . bog / distract , Smith stumble into a bog and quickly sink up the he waist . his thrashing about only cause he to sink deeper into the mire , 38 22 the Indians closa in . his hope of escapa go , Smith put the blade of the halberd to he chest , as though he be prepare to take he life . he 'soon think batter of this course of action , howaver -- life be too sweet -- and offer he weapon to the leader of the indian party with great flourish , as though he be surrender a whole army . he doas not beg for mercy . he do not expect it . two brave drag he out of the bog . opechancanough step forward , a-chief seven foot tall , so stately in he manner that Smith at first take he for a fool . he reach out , touch Smith 's beard and explode in laughter . another indian remove Smith 's shoulder bag , smell it , then throw it away in disgust . the English strike this people as incredibly dirty and foulnsmelling . suddenly , to opechancanough 's great surprise , he prisoner leap to he foot , and take a small box from he pocket , present it to the chief with a deep bow . opechancanough - be wary of the mechanism at first , but upon inspect it more closely , he discover inside a iron needle which point the same direction whichever way you turn the box . when he try to touch the needle , he finger be stop by the glass , further cause for astonishment . the Indians be unacquainted with this legacy of the phoenician . he turn the box upside down and look at it from — ; underneath , take care to praserve a air of dignity in the presence of he soldier . smith would you mind fetching my musket from the cance ? opechancanough wonder at he effrontery . he have never meet aman like this . he order the prisoner 's hand tie behind he back . the Indians conduct Smith through the wood with he arm lash to a pole . ext . CITY of werowocomoco Smith round a bend in the trail and stop in he track , astonished . before he rise wercwocomoco , the seat of the powhatan Empire . 39 40 the magical city stand on a bluff above the swirl mist of the pamunkeay River , hundred of tree-bark house of every shape and description surround by a palisade of immense log . Beyond the town lie well - cultivate field of bean and corn , tobacco and squash . the inhabitant be a far cry from the savagas the English imagine they have find . Smith be delighted . int . powhatan 's pavilion Smith be lead into a longhouse and make to sit down . the house be cover with rush mat laid over a arched framework of bent sapling . the side be trellise with vine , like a pergola , and laid over with strip of bark that can be roll up on nice day to let in the sun and the breeze . now a host of warrior suddenly appear around he , dance and sing frenzied song . they be incomparably more majestic than the Indians he see at the landing . fach have . a quiver of arrow and a club . over they arm they wear fox and otter skin . they head and shoulder be paint . red and smear with bear oil to make they glisten . now and then they stop and look at they bewilder prisoner as though he be a monster . Chiefs and great one from the far-flung corner of the Empire approach to inspect the prisoner , the first white man they have ever see . then , all at once , they fall silent . the great powhatan in the roaring torchlight at the far end of the pavilion appear a dignify man of sixty , the great powhatan , ruler of Virginia . his robe be make of raccoon skin and paint in incomparable color . chain of pearl hang about he neck . his head be crown with brilliant feather and tresses of moss . to he leave and right sit the rank of he councillor , he wife and court official , they head and shoulder paint red and pounce with polka.dot of gold - fleck sand . at he sida two young hermaphrodite wave fan to make a breeze . yet the ruler 's majesty lie less in he attire than in the gravity and omniscience of he manner . it seem to Smith that he have step out of he everyday world and fall in with a race of fawn , satyr --~ mythical people . 24 , a messenger prostrate himself before the Emperor . from a satchel he produce the heart and head , hand and foot of Smith 's late comrade , Emery and Robinson , the indian great one examine they with curiosity , then turn to look at Smith , Smith show no emotion , though it appear the same fate now await he . great one they be mortal . the native speak algonquin ; subtitles translate they word , here and in the future . tamocomo , tha guide who escape at the river , act as powhatan 's interpreter . Pocahontas look on . interpreter ( tomocomo ) where have you come from ? he point up to the sky , inquiringly . smith the sky ? no. from England -- a land to the east , interpreter ( tomocomo ) why have you come here ? - smith explore . I hope you do not consider it a crime for a man to labor in he vocation . we have a encounter with the spaniard , we enemy , and be overpower , put to retreat , then by extreme weather force to this shore . the boat have leak , so Captain Newport , my father as you might say , leave for England to get they repair and pick up supplies . interpreter ( tomocomo ) when do you leave ? . ' smith leave ? I intend to push on . I can not speak for the other . there will not be any leave before the spring . the ship will not bea back till then . they have set a great repast of bread and venison in front of Smith , food enough for twenty man . Music enter . and now we start jump -cutting from the interpreter to powhatan himself , until we establish the conceit that powhatan be communicate with Smith , and even with the other member of he tribe , in English , directly . 25 . smith you be not try to fatten I up , be you ? that would be a poxey trick . interpreter ( tomocomo ) why have you come up the river if you stop only to send the ship back for supplies ? smith because it pleased mar to . my official mission , however , be to pay my respects and to trade for food and other comfort . I should also be interested to speak with you about the back sea , over the mountain , on the other side of the main , where J hear there be saltwater . interpreter {( tomocomo ) why should we help you ? smith {directly to powhatan ) do not you love you neighbor ? powhatan some . other -~ how can you love they ? they steal from you before you very eye . they have no shame . they would gladly burn this slight roof above my head and kill I and my child , if they have the courage . but they be coward and fear to approach mar , even to come into this wood . you would laugh to hear what they be afraid of . a child would laugh to hear it . ( laughter ) why should we help you ? smith we have article that might interest you , power you do not possess , unless I be mistaken . thing we might teach you . with a coal from the fire , Smith ignites a pile of gunpowder . the Indians stare at he like country people -- this man be a true magician . fowhatan leap to he foot . powhatan my inferior in year and judgment , presume to instruct I ! ( more ) of 41 26 . powhatan ( cont would ) manacle he feat . giva he sea water to drink . feed he withere root and acorn husk , Smith snatch up he sword . his captor have leave it lie caralessly nearby , as though they imagine it be a decorative part of he costume . Pocahontas look on , overcome with awe , powhatan put that away . you look ridiculous . I could disarm you with this stick , he advance confidently on the englishman . they stand face one another for a long moment . then , with inhuman speed , powhatan rap he on the wrist , and Smith 's sword go fly from he hand . a brave stand up and level he bow at Smith 's armor , hang from the ceiling . the arrow shoot clear through the steel . suddenly a host of conjurer and medicine man enter the court . they dance around Smith with strange gesture and fall to the ground in paroxysm of delight . the Chief Priest look deep into Smith 's eye and let out a pierce wail . his body be cover with coal and oil . he wear a coronet of feather and weasel skin . six virgin arrange circle of cornmeal , grain and stick around Smith 's figure . great wooden idol look down at he with a scowl . wobblehead , a lunatic with the habit of roll he head , gesture to Smith that he story have fail to convince anyone -~ he will die . other native reach out and touch he face in sympathy . pocahontas - smith's pove Smith see Pocahontas . he wonder why she be here . her hair be woven with strand of moss , she mouth paint azure blue . she be the very image of earthly beauty . at a signal from the Chief Priest , the longhouse fall silent . powhatan offer a prayer to he divinity , then throw he scepter in the dust at Smith 's foot . the audience gasp . without a moment 's hesitation , he attendant bring in two large stone and set they down in front of the Emperor 's throne . a dozen brave grab Smith , drag he to the stone and lay he head acros& ’.them . Smith see the end have come . the brave raise they huge club over he head . the tip be studd with bear fang and flint . 27 . suddenly , Pocahontas break out of the crowd by she father 's side , run to Smith and put she hand on he head . the audience be astonished . she wind she arm around Smith 's shoulder . she pressas har head close to he . her hair stream across he face . powhatan come here . Pocahontas kneel in front of she father . powhatan how can you stand up for this creature ? pocahontas what have he do to you ? he 's gentle . he 's not afraid . powhatan silence . one more word and I will chide you . you ’vea only see you own people . this man be common as clay . pocahontas I must be humble in my taste , then . powhatan hush ! what do you know ? a child ! pocahontas ( whisper now ) let I have he . powhatan why ? pocahontas because I ask it of you . _ powhatan they know you be my favorite child . would you embarrass I ? pocahontas if I have to . ha might be a spirit . . powhatan a spirit ? pocahontas | teall mar -- have you ever see he like ? 28 . powratan | he eat and sleep as wa do . he come from the same place as the other . pocahontas why do you speak this way , father ? do pity never mova you ? look at he . a good and noble man . powhatan smile . she be a stubborn , willful girl , but she defiance only endear she to he . she be he favorite child . except for Smith , everyone in the longhouse know it . opechancanough , powhatan 's militant brother , gesture fiercely that Smith should be kill . opechancanough they be building a fortress ! drive they off now , while they still be weak , or they will think we instead be weak and come in number . parahunt urge he father to exercise restraint . parabunt do not be harsh , father . why should you care about they as long as they do not harm we ? they only want a little swampland . it do we no good . if they try to stay , you can drive they off , whenever you want . we outnumber they a thousand to one . opechancanough for now , we can not tell what will happen later . powhatan we shall find out what they intention be . there be no reason to waste life . if they do not leave , then wa shall attack . powhatan raise he hand to signal that Smith will be spare and , nodd at pecahontas , declare : powhatan he can maka she bead and bell . one by one the Indians exploda with laughter . they rush forward and slap he on the back , pummel he , make he eat , stand up and sit down . 42 43 29 . they carry he around on they shoulder as if he be a conquer hero , strip off he clothes , dangle they strand of pearl around he neck , heap raccoon pelt on he shoulder and thrust a crown of feather on he head . Smith have no idea what to make of all this . the moment before they be ready to slaughter he and now they treat he like they bosom friend . . his look of perplexity only cause they to laugh the more . meanwhile , powhatan confer with he advisor . powhatan we shall watch they and wait . opechancanough for what ? powhatan for whatever come . a dream . smith and pocahontas ~ later - day -for -night Smith come upon Pocahontas in the moonlight . she shy away , and still it seem that she trust he . smith do not be afraid . you father say that I be to teach you -- he follow she deeper and deeper into the flicker darkness . she say something to he in pantomime , but he do not understand what she mean . smith they might chop off my head if I do not put sense in you . Shea swing back and forth on a rope strung from a high branch . the wind flutter har short skirt , and he heart skip a beat . scene of indian life - montage _le by Pocahontas , Smith walk through werowocomoco , marvel at the Indians 's way of life . she be constantly shooing away she host of simper maid . she point when she want he to do something : sit down , get up , etc . she drop a leaf from she hand . pocahontas pick that up , please . the do ) and if I drop it again ? 30 . smith I would pick it up again . {she smile ) would you like mar always to do what you wish , princess ? -- to follow you in the wood when you say '' come '' -- to chase you round the trae to catch you , and to lie down for you to thraw leava on I , and to be glad when you be glad ? pocahontas yes ! he be no longer the enlighten , creedless man . she be a be sacred and apart . she be so near that naw world whose existence he have only guess at , that it seem bring near to he . two young brave loll in a hammock smoking a pipe . they smile pleasantly at Smith and return to they tobacco vision . by nature they be a silent people . the scolding of a crow be loud above the normal sound of the village . powhatan see Smith with he daughter . he do not scowl as a English father might . in fact , he feel a certain amusement -~ that she should let herself be amaze this way , as though by a strange bird . he be a man free of jealousy , a man of deep understanding . yat while he do not take she infatuation seriously , he still must keep a close watch on Smith to maasure he utility to the indian cause . youngstar play basketball on a strange court surround by post with nun- like face carve in they . they elder hunt stag in the grove between they garden , costume in the skin of they prey so that they can approach they quite closely . they show Smith rabbit and fox track and speculate about what transpire at they intersection . they catch fish in trap make of bound stick and broil they with they venison on hurdle over outdoor fire . in the center of the corn field stand high tower , where watchmen stand guard against the crowd . they cry and the noise of they rattles ring constantly through the air . indian mother take to the water with they child on they shoulder : the man keep they bow with they . when they be in the water , they tie they quiver to they hair so they hand will be free . they light great fire at night , to show they joy . 44 45 3t . Smith exchange greeting with parahunt and wobblehead . except for opechancanough , the Indians receive he as a brother . gradually ha coma to find he English dress constrict and , piace by piece , he substitute for it a deerskin robe and headdress . often they tease he , mock he English manners , especially he swordsmanship in the wood the morning he be catch . they hold no grudge against he . they be naked , frolicsome , full of good humor , always inclined to laugh , which they do with irresistible grace . it be a pleasant sight to see they wading in the river in the cool of the avan , free of care , live cheerfully and at they heart 's ease . they do not seek more than they need . they share with they neighbor . they overflow with mercy and loving kindness . they have mo want beyond what the day provide . like tha lily of the field , they neither toil nor spin , yet Solomon in all he glory be not array as one of this . tight on smith - '' other side '' music . it strike Smith that there be soma other way of exist in this world , outside the eternal circle of struggle and desire . Little by little he part with the idea that clothe the soul of the european , above all the idea that a man attain strength through force . he assumas , in some measure , the dress and manners of the Indians as he discover a self he never know he have . his civilized brother have lose something this Indians enjoy like the very air they breathe . why should he aver wish to leave this eden ? but even as he entertain this thought , he half - know he will not honor they -- that the passionate conviction of this autumn afternoon will one day seem a dream , a pass fancy . for the moment , however , he be a free man . he have open he eye . hae can follow he vision or betray it . ext . clearing - pocahontas and smith he sit with pocahentas in a clear . he be give she a English lesson . har word have by now acquire a soft algonquin lilt . pocahontas / you coma from that way ? yes ? what be that way ? , smith nothing but ocean , for month and month . he trace middle . 32 . pocahontas month ? what be they ? smith no matter . the world be so large that we only see a small part of it from any one place , look . a circle in the sand and put a pebble in the smith this be the spot we be stand on . and this be all that we can see from here . this be Virginia , and this wood , if you walk in they for year , would be the world , pocahontas De you know all the world ? all the mountain and river and all the people in the world ? smith that would be impossible . you imagine the rest of the earth be like this little part here . but it 's not all the same , there be river and mountain and ... pocahontas ( interrupt ) I can swim . smith aeross this rivar , no . there be mountain that none can climb . beast that would gulp you down . and with great pleasure , too . astonish , she run out to . the edge of the wood . _ the world ? ' , pocahontas tall I , what 's there ? and there and there ? tell I . smith . even if I know , it would take too long to tell . ' pocahontas hurry ! there be time . what be beyond 46 33 . smith Water , only water . do not I say ? pocahontas all around ? ( he nod ) Water , no beyond ? only water ? smith look at the moon . it be like that with the world . we can not touch it . we cannot put we hand on it . Beyond the water that flow around the world , but far away -- so far that it would take month and month in a ship to reach they -- there be island , soma small , other as large as this land here -- some where the people live in snow and ice the whela year round , other where they go naked as a calf . but they be so far away , so impossible to raach , that it 's uselass to speak of they . they be like the moon . you do not know it yet , but there be a thousand king , duke , emperor and petty prince whose state be great than you father 's . you be a wild creature that belong to a bygone aga . . pocahontas can you keep a bird on you finger ? smith no. pocahontas can you catch a fish with you hand ? Smith shake he head ; no . the sarcophagus of her ancestor Pocahontas have bring Smith to a long , dim hut fill with the bone of she ancestor . skeleton lie in perfect silence on wicker platform , smith who be they ? pocahontas my ancestor . we father and mother . all . they bone be here . 34 . she point to one of the skeleton . pocahontas my mother . but not she . only she body be turn to dust . ( she toe the ground ) but she be away -~ up there , where the star be . we do not die , but go on , and on . no one be lose . I talk to she . sometimes I say , '' why do you naver answer when I speak ? '' and when I think she be quiet , than she whisper so . turn away . she imitate the voice of she mother 's spirit , a ghostly sound like the wind in the pine . pocahontas she life in the cloud . smith oh yes ? . pocahontas do not you know ? all that book you read , what good be they ? why do you read they ? if they do not teach you this , what do they teach you ? smith other thing . pocahontas what thing ? do they say who make the cloud -~ or why ? why you nose be here , not there ? why you be you , and iam I ? she look up at tha sky with a open mouth , in a sort of ecstasy , as though she be see it for the first time . pccahcntas {series of jump cut ) tall I , John ~~ why can not the wind blow backwards ? why do the tree love the sky ? ( astonished ) you do not know ? ( after a pause ) turn away . she come up behind he , bend over and whisper 47 35 . pocahontas be the people in London as we be ? would they understand I ? smith no , there 's none lika you . not one . she laugha and run off . Smith follow she . the great rabbit , the pamunkey 's fierce god , look on . pocahontas and smith - montage time pass . fall color hava appear in the tree . Pocahontas take Smith to the river with she when she bathes . they swim together , naked . she give he breakfast out of she own bowl and show he she favorite tree in the wood , she sit enthrone and watch the sham war of the brave as they hunt one another with headless arrow , practice feint and attack . pass she hand over a fire , she gather its light into she heart . she tell Smith about the migration of the bird , show he where to find the turkey 's nest and the blueberry , what bark to use for remedy . Wild creature come fearlessly to she outstretch hand . she look through a book of drawing of London that he bring along in the boat . smith ( o.8 . ) that be tha belis that cali the people home and that ara white bird -- they fly around the steeples . that be the ship that sail along the river . that be a flag that stream in the breeze . and that a great clock ; the great in all England . she be astonished . smith have sit she imagination on fire . each igs strange to the other , each intrigue by the other 's difference . pocahontas will I evar sea this , John ? I have dream of they , the steeples and the. boat on the river . will I die before I sea they ? 48 36 . smith probably . ( after a pause ) now that I have come hera , I will never be able to live in that world again . ( catch she hand ) do yau like I to hold you hand ? pocahontas yes . she look at herself in a mirror as she comb she hair . the comb be a device the Indians be unfamiliar with and quite fascinate by . smith | : do you intend to spend the rest of you life admire yourself ? pocahontas if I can ! . nothing so lovely have aver be create . he love she as he have never love before , never could love any other be . his former ambition seem as nothing now ; paltry , commonplace , unworthy of he . he be a change man , and this change be the proof that that old artificial life never be and could not be the real one , in harmony with he true nature . other angle ~ pocahontas and smith - compass Pocahontas sit in the moonlight touch the palm of Smith 's hand , study he finger . her eye be fix on he with a look ha find strangely soft and flatter . she love averything . she have a soul of innocent zest , she listen to he heart and laugh with delight . she look at he compass , the magic little box , utterly awed , as though she believe you could make wish on it . pocahontas be I dream ? he see that she be ask in earnest , but when he attempt to reply , she touch he lip with she finger and ask : pocahontas why do you not answer I -- speak to I --. speak to I , like this ? he understand . he be learn to speak this new language of the eye , as gradually the ideal become real to he . 37 . pocahontas ( 0.8 . ) be he a god ? what be this feeling that I have ? he have come into my heart . his eye be like a lake , and I be he . Smith give she lesson in astronomy . he explain the motion of the sun , the earth and the moon . de play the moon , run circle around Pocahontas , who play the sun , while she maid , the star , move along beside they in stately procession . she love it when he cut up for she friend . he watch they cavort through the tree above , like spirit of the forest . pocahontas ( 0.s. ) he have no evil in he , and be beautiful to look at . his word be gentle , and he desire be to be always with I . we shall go beyond where tha world end . one afternoon , while alone , she find he carry log . pocahontas Rest a moment . my father be away this afternoon . here , I will help you . smith under no circumstance ! I will not see you dishonor . pocahontas it would dishonor I less than you . T [ would do it more easily . I want to . you do not . smith I do not know if the young man ever _ tell you , but you be -- a little pixie be what you be , actually . < a sprite . he sat down he load . she put she hand on she shoulder , the cover she breast , and close she eye . she cannot believe the grace and beauty this god have - pocahontas ( embarrassed ) how people be where you live , I do net know . ( he smile at she ) be you a prince ? smith no. a 8 . she roll she eye . she do not believe he . pocahontas do you love mar ? smith at this moment , more than anyone in the world . ( she staras up into the tree ) why be you do that ? pocahontas because I do not deserve you . why should mean like to kiss ? smith let I show you . pocahontas ( after they kiss ) now I sea . I be afraid . I be you wife , if you will marry I . if not , then I be you servant -- whether you like it or not , ( suddenly alarmed ) I do not know why I talk this way . sometimes I seem young than I be . Smith stumble . she frown . smith I lose my balance . pocahontas where do you lose it ? Smith look at she and marvel . smith what a mystery woman be ! sometimes I wish all you pretty creature would die the same time I de , but ala , you will go on live and have a high old time . man will be take you in they arm when I be just dust for you to walk on . pocahcntas you will not deny I ? | eal 49 50 '' 1 39 . smith how could I ? do you not see it in my face -- all that I fael for you , the love that make I happy ? for this be love , my sweet , that make we two soul one . pocahontas shall it always be so ? smith yes ! she offer she hand to he as a pledge . he kiss it and press it against he forehead . a thrush sing in the pine . ext . powhatan 's lodge qutside he lodge the Emperor see Smith 's armor hang from a tree . he shrug off he long robe and light he pipe . when the tebacce have take its effect , he lie back '' and close he eye . powhatan 's dream - strange landscape , tree , staircase powhatan find himself in a land he have never see before , surround by strange flower and animal . rank of cloud move through the sky . a man stand before he and show by a gesture that he have come from the west and that he mean to marry he daughter . they will spawn a new race . all at once a tree take root in front of he and begin to grow at astonish speed , higher and higher , until it reach inte the heaven . powhatan step through the bark of the tree . Inside , he discover a wind staircase . he climb the staircase , he shadow climb ahead of hin . ext . river the afternoon be sweet and drowsy . Smith and Pocahontas lie in a peaceful spot along the river . they have manage to elude she retinue . pocahontas . no one know where we be . you can escape if you want to . they have never catch you . gof Smith shake he head . he do not wish to . boe 52 40 , pocahontas I be testing youl yielding to a swift impulse , Smith put he arm around she , press she to he and kiss she forehead . then he be frighten -- when she go so pale , close she eye , so that the long , dark lash lie still on she cheek ; when she sigh with answer love . he run he hand over she young shoulder , wonder how much she know . she unhitch she apron , she be without shame . Smith have never see anything so beautiful . she sink to she knee and draw he gently down beside she . smith do you know what you 's be do ? pocahontas do you ? {he nod ) then why be you afraid ? smith - afraid ? they be silent for a time . then she get back up and slip she apron on , smile at he mysteriously . she take he hand , put it to she heart , she forehead . she rub she nose against he , then quietly slip off inta the pine . at last they close around she , and she be go , Smith feel happy and triumphant . shiver run through he limb and a vague alarm . this be the beginning of -- what ? he walk around to get on term with thesa new sensation . to hold in he finger such a wild flower , to put it to he lip and feel it tremble with delight against they ! what intoxication and -- embarrassment ! what to do with she -~- how to meet she next time ? returning through the wood , he see he guard wave to he . the Emperor have summon he . int . powhatan 's lodge - smoke - cg parakeet Smith enter powhatan 's lodge . he understand algonquin now and do not have to wait for a interpretation , though he reply to powhatan in English . powhatan I think you people come to take we land away . 41 . Smith have come to feel a bond with powhatan 's people that he do not feel before . he want to speak honest ly. because ha cannot , he keep silent . powhatan go back to they and tell they what you have see . you can say that we ara weak , that wa lie around in we hammock the whole day long and can be take with you musket . or you can say that , though we live in peace , we yet be strong , that you have see a Empire all of whose son and daughter , nephew and niece be ready to die to preserve they land , at they King 's command . you can say that he kingdom be very great , that it extend for many week 's journey , that he have green field and great storehouse of corn . what - ' you all they will either discourage they or arouse they lust . tell they what you know . smith I shall . powhratan you tassantass ask what lie to the west , beyond the mountain and the fall . believe I , there be no saltwater . the river dwindle into stream . the hill rise up in forest , but there be no sea to the west , only the land stretch away forever in great meadow , where wanderar follow the buffalo herd . smith have anyone go so far he can say that ? " '' powhatan remember that while you be a tassantasse , and the son of you King , you be my son , too , we must not spend we life fight one another . there be no sensa in take by force what you may have for love or destroy that who provide you with food . what can you get by war when we can hide cur store and fly to the wood ? you would famish for wrong we , you friend . ( more } 42 . powhatan ( cont have ) do you think I be so foolish not to know that it be better to aat good maat , to sleep peacefully with my woman and child , to laugh and ba merry with you , to have copper and hatchet and other goods , than to be force to flee , to lie cold in the wood , to feaad on acorn and root and be hunt by you so that I can neither rest , nor eat nor sleep ? what I say be true . the earth hear I . the sea hear I . shall I lie ? smith I trust not . powhatan my councillor tell I that I should have you kill . you have gain a knowledge of we arm and we strong place . but my daughter assure that you be a good man , and I do not like to kill . Men should live in peace . . what need be there to hate and kill and steal ? wa take what we nead . we ask no more , we belong to this earth . wa be make when this earth be make . why do you bother we ? what kind of people to you think we be ? let the stream of life flow in peace . let we change this earth and make it better . all the people in the world ought to love it and speak well of it , always . then it will last forevar , and the tree will never caase to bloom . smith I hope , as you do , for quiet day and long life . I believe wa can live in peace . powhatan then leave we , you will turn the world upside down . look for what you might have find at home . go back where you come from . we be stronger than you . we shall destroy you if you do not . I will send you back with a supply of food . wea giva you this and no more , powhatan dip he hand in ash and wash they . thoroughly , then rinse they in another bowl and dry they on a bunch of feather . 53 54 a attendant step forward and give h inhale deeply and pass it to Smith . powhatan I wonder who you be , Smith . at you and I think , '' there 's 43 . ima pipe . ha I look nothing ill can dwell in he . '' I hope tha time will never come when I shall say , I should have kill this fine man . can I trust you more now than when you first come to this city ? Smith smile at powhatan , more than a he , smith admirer ~- in awe of I believe so . I believe , anyway , that we gan work out we difference . I will do all that I can to see that it be do . powhatan ( nodd ) before you leave , I offer you this vanity of mine . it be bring to I from a land to the South . indian dancer enter , sing wild mee eody , and present he with a brilliant Carolina parakeet . ext . powhatan 's lodge the Indians bid Smith a fond farewell . deep respect for he , and he for they . alona do not smile . they have gain a opechancanough ext . wood - smith and pocahontas - later Smith walk along with he arm over Pocahontas 's shoulder . pocahontas I imagine you would never 1 I have no right to think so . many thing I want to say . go to happen ? smith what do you mean ? - pocahontas you will not forget I ? he look at she . it strike he that with a near child . eave we . there be what be he have fall in love 55 56 57 44 . smith you trust mar ? pocahontas yes -- I do . think of I alone , day and day , in the wood , wait for you , all the time say , '' come quickly , John . how long you be . '' oo John , how happy we shall bal ! smith I must go . tha favor of king be a slippery boon . thay withdraw it as lightly as they grant it . pocahontas I will not be troubled . as little as the sky . I will watch for you signal . she walk quickly off . new angle Smith pick up he armor and sling it over he shoulder . the brave who will conduct he to the fort tie a blindfold around he eye . Pocahontas watch he go , confident thing will work out for the best . whan she father come upon she , she give he a uneven look . powhatan I want you to promise I one thing . that you will put you people befora all alse in the world -~ aven you own heart . she nod . ext , a path through the wood blindfolded , smith ' follow the caravan of Indians through the wood . . ext . jamestown fort Smith walk down the road to the jamestown fort . it be just after sunrisa . the English sentries ara fast asleep . the Indians stop a hundred foot away . Smith lock up . the gate be decorate with the skull of deer and . bear . what will step back into this other world mean ? will he forget ? it seam he go forward by a conscious act of will , oo 58 45 , a sentry wake up . he gasp at the indian caravan , then at Smith himself -- this man whom they have give up for dead , to discover he so utterly change . sentry Captain Smith ! he go run through the colony to announce Smith 's arrival , second sentry the savage will have to stop here , Captain . raason of security . ( under he breath ) we do not want ‘em to know we be mortal . Smith gesture to the Indians that they should set they gift down . they be only too glad to leave , new angle - smith astonished at the change within the wall of the fort averything be topsy - turvy . along the street of sailcloth roof the house be fall down , the faw that have be complete . the man limp out ef they tent and dugout , pale with ricket and dysentery , like the inmate of a concentration camp . Smith find wilf , the cabin boy , draw water . his foot be dusty and bleed . he have bow leg and sharp , ugly eye . yat still he be as swaggare a boy as ever stand four feat , six inehe tall . he offer Smith a drink . wilp you have to quaff it now . somebody else want the tumbler . smith what 's happen here ? where be Captain Newport ? wilf go back to England , sir , with all three ship -- to get supplias , new man . he leave Captain ratcliffe in he place . smith and ratcliffa , where be he ? wilf ( evasively ) why ~-- he 's go , sir . we expect he perish . nobody know . ( more ) 46 , wilf ( contd ) I mean , there 's talk about this and that , but nobody know , in the proper sense of the word . one day he just vanish like a ghost ! ill-look face jut out of door , register amazement , then withdraw inte . the darkness , the dirty juvenile with the manners of a man begin to whisper , worried he will be overhear , wile since you leave half of ‘em have diad . crop all fail . seed will not take root . we get nothing to eat . this morning there 's another four go . you find they lay out on the doorstep , dog sniff they , the one they still have not set to eatin’ . I grow up in Brighton , but I swear before almighty God , I never see the like . the gang , they bully around and steal from the store , gamble and - keep we all on short ration whilst they have they fill . {over such scene ) they do not fool I . they cuff I about but I just look at they cold - like , you see . they know what I be think . hoho ! do not they imagine I get my own way of deal with thing ? - no , oh no , by no mean ! he slyly remove a knife from the crown of he hat . suddenly , wilf do not fret you ayelid on that score ! they bowl while the house fall down . nobody pay attention or obey the other 's command ! be a charmer , do not noise it about I tell you soa . wingfield walk up and cuff the boy aside . '' | wingfield winsome boy . I feel about he as though he be my own son . he strut around like a japanese swordsman , all glower and bluster , back by six other pirate armed with sword and matchlock . wingfield you look quite well , Smith . be anjoy yourself , have you ? be enjoy yourself mightily , I expect . 47 . from he regimen of venison and corn , Smith look shockingly healthy next to tha other englishmen , evan wingfield and he henchmen , who have fare better than the rest . wingfield you be sant to relieve we situation , not to pleasure yourself . we here have suffer . onodd at wilf ) be tell you a lot of storey , have a ? smith as a good citizen , I ignore the storey which bring officialdom into disrepute . wingfield no speech , Smith . thing be differant now , we can not gat away with cheek . allow cheek , and we shall have chaos . I - wear a medal now , I be the President . you be stripped of you captaincy . smith May I know why ? wingfield someday , yes , but let 's not talk about that now . as a matter of fact , you would be considerably happier if you do not make my job more tiring than it already be . you shortly will be arrest in the nama of his lordship , King James , and confine to the fortress . smith what be tha charge against I , if I may know ? wingfield cause tha death of two good englishmen . than you desert . furthermore , you have allow the natural to see the state of we extremity . smith be you qualified to pass judgment on I ? wingfield that need not concern you at present . pity you be not here to defend yourself in person at the trial , I assume you guilt make you afraid to return , he wait to sea if Smith will be provoke into defi but Smith only stare at he . '' defiance , smith my trial ? wingfield you be try during the period of you desertion . smith this do not amuse I , wingfield then you will be even less amused to learn that you be condemn to death , crazy with hunger , the English fall madly on powhatan 's gift , cheer Smith as a hero . his parakeet fly away . wingfield what do you offer they in return for this bat 's tail and what - have~ - you ? he gesture contemptuously at powhatan 's gift , while he croney bully the other out of the way to make sure they gat the lion 's share . wingfield nocturnal creature ! he stick he sword into a raccoon and throw it to a man to whom ha owa a favor . - wingfield ( to he henchmen ) send they a dozen of that red top hat . and the bed in which master godfrey die , since none will sleep in it . and Nelson 's cur . the ever so poxey one . they have not one of that , I suppose . he point to a sickly greyhound . argall step forward and speak directly to Smith , ignere wingfield . 48 . as . argall he keep the best food for himself , Captain , and give we rotten corn . be a atheist , he have no Bible , which you can go down there right now and prove . you will find he also have a Spanish grammar , for reason which be unclear , except parhap to a papist scholar . Smith study the motley crew . he have just come from peopla who ask for nothing and give away everything in return . he feel a disgust with they selfishness , greed and complaint . he see in tham the person he be four month ago and must never allow himsalf to ba again , argall he be plan to take the boat and leave we here while he run off to newfoundland . his name be not even wingfield . woodson -- woodson 's the - name , charm . Left England under a cloud of disgrace , he do . a master forger . charm in tha extreme . ever so charming . wingfield seize they . anyone impede the punishment of this rogue will be deal with harshly . wingfield 's man move to arrest Smith and argall . smith draw he sword . they challenge he with theirs , but they be no match , evan in number . with dazzle skill , he dispatch three of they . as the crowd see he strength and the chance to turn the tide of thing at the fort , they join he . wingfield 's man be soon overpower . wingfield you want to gat rid of I , eh ? give I the old heave - ho ? let mar tell you , thera 's not a square - head here man enough to get away with that . do not start anything you can not finish . will you all be witness to this ? stop now or I shall report this mutiny to London . it could be ugly . . argall quite ugly . a sword tip explode through wingfield 's armor . argalil have come up behind he and run he through . Smith stare at argall , stunne by this naked act of murder . 50 . the other seem accustom to such going - for the , entertainment . gonngeron and grateful first man Dead as a ' erring , serve ' im right . puttin 's on air ! with a flick of he sword , Smith send the murd , fly from argall 's hand . meer weapon argall I be only try to help you . smith arrest this man . a man name small step forward . SMALL I can ratify what Mr. argall say , otoea wingfield ) . he refuse to give I a chicken or return the whistle I give he in payment for it . in fact , one morning while connive with he friend Mr. ackley here , he even refuse to give I a spoonful of beer . be we in England , I should be ashamed to let my servant keep company with such fellow . ackley you never have a servant . you be one . I eat a single chicken , and that when I be very ill . small here ' as aaten six , a number of which he could not be troubled to cook . for myself I can prove that he begge in Ireland like a regue , without a license . I know he game . [ I know the criminal mind . argall step forward , swallow he pride . argall I say it 's Captain Smith should lead we . the man raise a cheer of agreement . after all , he have save they from starvation , ackley strip the President 's medallion off wingfield and put it over Smith 's neck . with a wave of he hand , Smith rescind the order for argall 's arrest . 59 60 sl . smith tf I lead you , you will listen to I and respect my order . the gentleman will be oblige to bend they back and obey with the rest . I have not have the opportunity to look into it , but it seem that quite a few of you imagine that you be still in London . 1/11 be a worse tyrant than this man be . ( nedd at wingfield ) so make up you mind . we be not go to have a easy time with the natural . we be superior to they in arm but not in number , nor in character . they be a formidable enemy . unless we leave by spring , they will attack we . if you do not put thing in order , they will see how great we need be and be tempt to attack before then . it appear we might have pick a poxey spot to land . and you think you would come to the land of cockaigne ! but that 's a matter I x11 take up with Captain Newport when he return . meanwhile , it will be all wa can do to survive . this gift will last a month . and soon the snow will fly . but with a united will we can hold out , and shall , what say you , then ? the man raise a great cheer . Smith find himself beam with pleasure at they approbation . they. snatch up he gift and carry he off on they shoulder . . int . president 's office Smith enter the office reserve for the President of the colony . there be a bust of King James , a crucifix , a globe and astrolaba -- serious badge of office and English refinement in primitive jamestown . he caress they with he hand . suddenly he laugh out loud . so fortune have toss he up for ' 'a while ! how long will he ride the wave ? ext . jamestown - montage , inc pocahontas 's Pov Smith walk around the fort , supervise its restoration . New building go up : a brickwork , a potter 's shed and a pit see . he be not above roll up he own sleeve to help in the work , . the man quarrel over everything : building a wall , portion of food , the date of the year . 61 52 . ( this scene will be improvise , smi i dispute in a wisa , clever way . we quality oe thease leadership make all tha man lock up to he . he continue to wear he unconventional wardrobe -- feather headdress buckskin , war paint . he even insist on sleep outside on the ground , as he do at werowocomoco . the routine of ' he life , hia former thought and ambition , seem futile now , and artificial . what shall he do ? new angle Smith be joke with Ben , ackley and some of the other man when a fallow with a serious look interrupt he . first man what about the gold , Captain ? smith what do you mean ? first man have you tell we everything ? I mean , : do you see anything that raise you hope of a better life ? smith gold , you mean ? what do you care about gold ? you be on the verge of starve . this be the most valuable thing I bring you back . he hold out a handful of corn seed . first man who give it to you ? — smith a friend . second man what about the soil , Captain ? be it good as we think ? smith navoid they eye ) not really . in fact , I have rarely sean so ill- appear a pesthole . look about you . everything 's go to swamp , with water stand in lake and pool , so the ground give way beneath you feat . I suspect there 's more puddle than dry land , produce more mosquito in they slime than there be bead in a nunnery -- and each mosquito as hungry as a priest ! ( more ) 62 53. smith ( cont have ) none but a savage could inhabit the place , unless he be a bloody fool or some other manner of ass . but west of here , towards the mountain , or south -- that be somathing else . it still be not clear what line Smith will be able to walk between he duty to the English and he sympathy for the Indians . he look off toward the wood . the pine sway back and forth in ecstasy . ext . chickahominy river - shallop Smith run a flag up into the rigging of the shallop and prepare to sit sail . the English wonder at this action . argall where be you go ? smith ( avoid they eye ) where you would not dare to follow . argall do not you think you should take some man with you ? it would be dangerous sailing by yourself . smith let they come , if they please . ackley speak with Smith privately . ackley watch they , sir . they be a dangerous lot . smith be you all right ? ackley to tell the truth , I do not know how much longer I can last , Captain . I see too much . smith you will last , my friend . have hope . Smith board the shallop and , with a squad of English soldier , set out up tha river . smith Post a sentry at the point . the rest of you wait for I here . if they come to look at you , leave they alone . 63 54 , he collect a sack of copper hatchet , bead , comb and red hat -~ the English ware most popular with the native . ext . deep forest ~ smith 's fovs Smith stop and look around . the half - moon have just rise . the tree beckon he on . they seem to run off to the uttermost end of the earth . his romance with the indian girl seam far off , unreal . have he put himself in a false position ? what ara he intention ? he almost dread sea she -- would it not be almost a relief if she do not appear ? -- and yet , when she do not come right away , he feel vex and disappointed . by the confidence with which she walk she path , she convince he that another way exist than that which he foot have know . she release he soul from its captivity . she break up the freeze sea of he heart . he conceive hope that he never imagine it be in he power to cenceive ; the wall of he habitual life fall away and leave he in a wide field , in that new world which he hitherto seek in vain , and which he now know , not by satting he foot on the Virginia shore , but in the sight of she , in she touch , in the joy and grace she radiate . by and by he hear the sound of footstep . he see she come toward he and , in a voice that seem not quite he , he say she name . she seem to look right into he . he never before realize the depth and purity , the touch faithfulness , of she dew- bright eya . he feel he heart and sense unfold . she be all simple nature and beauty , ag much a part of this October evening as the fall leave . how should he not take all that she would give he , how not fulfill the spring in she heart and he ? what do he know of love , until he seize har hand and kiss it ? and now -- what do he not know ? they lip seek each other 's , and still they do not speak . the moment speach begin all will be unreal . smith why do you come here ? she look up , hurt , amaze . pocahontas Sir ? you ask I to . smith do not call I sir , my pretty sweet . pocahontas what shall I call you ? $ 5 . smith John . pocahontas what have you sean ? you eye be like -- stone . smith ( after a pause ) I have have nothing but aggravation . half be sick , the other lung at each other 's throat like they ware in Brighton Way , they have do anything for money . they have risk damnation in this world and the next . and I , a good man by any light , move among such people ! pocahontas send they away . smite away ? ( after a silence ) how many land behind I ! how many seas ! what blow , danger ! my soul hungered after far horizon . now there be only this contention with fool , this ignoble war with little thing . ( pace ) it have always be so . I can naver stay on land for long . it scorch my foot . it always disappoint . there be comfort and safety in the port , hearthstone and supper , warm blanket , friend . but always I find that I still be not where I must be . always shut up somewhere . cut off . starve . pocahontas look before you . we could live in the wood , I know a place . there be a waterfall there . a bed of moss . I have never show it to anyone . I wait . ( caress he face ) my brother will take care of we . he tell mar that he would . make a sign , John . tell mar if I should keep on . {suddenly alarmed ) I wish for you when you be go . I look for you . I wonder if the other can tell . 36 . Smith reach for she , but she skip back out of reach . pocahontas it be never so before . Smith look at she with love rise in he heart like the scent of a crush herb . her heart be a nest , untouched by grief . smith can it be that wa have meet again ? that I can look again into you aye -- hold you again in my arm at last ? and I so change -- so different ! have I answer you -- have I come to you ? pocahontas ( in a whisper ) yes ... no , it be not you . {after a moment ) be it you ? smith say it again , my sweet . speak . I can not live or breathe until i.am next to you , and I can feel you hand . pocahontas I wait -- watch -- so many day -- smith and 1 treat you so unkindly ! ah , my guardian angel , my light in the darkness , how I hate myself for give you pain ! there be something I know when I be with you that I forget whan I be away . tell I , my sweet , do you wish I to come back and liva with you again ? . bocahontas {suddenly afraid ) you must not look into my eye . you must not touch I . smith I must hold you hand when I speak with you . he at last have find a passage to the other sea . he step up to she and touch she belly . she be ~~ so open , so unafraid . he bob like a cork on the ocean of she movement . 64 65 66 57 . ext . tree overhead - smith 's awakening the world spin to a stop the moon peer at Smith thry : 7 ough the pine . fleck of moss drift down from the upper $ branch . smith we can not go inte the forest . could I show you England ? I would take cara of you , I promise . I would never be a brute to you . but no , it be too far . you would perish there . pocahontas if I can be with you , that be all . he gaze at she . she be a lady , a flower , a jewal . the wood murmur about they . he look out on a new creation ; a landscape as lovely as a lose eden . o he America , he new find land , how bless he be in discover she , and in full nakedness ; unbound . the curtain be lift , and he see with the eye of he soul . but even as he do , and : know this be what he have always bean wait for , strive for , he fear that he might be overwhelm -- that he might not be equal to what he have know but disintegrate under its pressure . there be a temptation to rush back into the comforting darkness of he former life . ext . indian camp Smith have no luck trading at a nearby camp . huddle in they fur robe by a blaze fire , the Indians point to the sky . soon winter will ba here . ext . chickahominy river on he way back to the boat , Smith run into one of the English sentries . smith what be you do here ? '' sentry I beg you pardon , sir . you be go longer than wa expect . appear I let myself wander a bit . thing go badly ? like the other , he be under the impression that Smith 's purpose here be to trade with the Indians . Smith dee not reply . the sentry smile , vaguely aware that he captain be hide something . . . 67 68 69 38 . ext . shallop moving downriver Smith watch he English friend . after he it i h n : mar awa 's the weed : tear ertsP : slangy talk be queer at first , than so natura at the scene he have come from begi remote and incredible . egin to seem ext . forest , cloud Pocahontas mova through the nconday darkness of the wood . they be vocal with the song of bird and run water . ext , jamestown fort during Smith 's absence , there have be a stabbing . smith and what be you disagreement about ? stabbed man he say it be the fifteenth of November , I say the seventeenth . smith you be fight about the date of the year . assailant not entirely . he make comment to the effect that my education be something less 'o he . smith I be go two day , and you fall right back into you old way ! what have be go on here ? do not I tell you to dig a new well -- farther from the river ? why have not this bean do ? they offer they excuse . Smith feel uneasy . have he romance with Pocahontas cause he to shirk he duty ? this feel of guilt -- utterly unjustified guilt -~ send he into a rage . smith every man will stop what he be do right now and start digging the wall . that that can not carry the dirt in bucket will carry it off with they hand : 70 ext . well ( including Pov from bottom ) every man in the colony work at digging the well i : . a impractical way that Smith have insisted upon . n the smith {to Ben ) see what man they have send we . a headless multitude ! they will not sow corn for they own belly . they would rather eat they fish raw than go a stone 's cast to fetch wood and dress it . " {after a pause ) be there yet blissful isle one might stear for from England 's wreck ? how could one know happiness there , where all be false and in decline ? 70b ext . a clearing in the pine the wind flow in melody through the skynlove treas . . Pocahontas look up . pocahontas ( 0.s. ) {to har mother ) he make my heart like water . he drink from my heart like a deer from a stream . dissolve to : vw. ext . virginia landsccape - snow - pocahontas the winter snow tumble down , veiling the fort and the field beyond , the wood and rocky shore in white , seem nowhere to alight . it fall , too , on the indian longhouses and the dark chesapeake wave . it lie thickly drift on the crooked cross and headstone of the jamestown graveyard , on the spear of tha little gate and the thorns that lie beneath it . - wilf ( the Smith , afraid ) the oyster area go from the shore , sir , and the bird that be in the tree . drawing Smith 's jacket tight about she shoulder , Pocahontas watch the snow . presently she look up as a white owl fly overhead . ms 72 73 60 . pocahontas ( 0.8 . ) where be he now ? his head lie on my heart . carry my love to he . ext . jamestown fort Smith watch , too , as the English wander around in the grip of malaria and blackwater fever , rave like mad , epidemic have do in more than half of they , starvation the rest . less than fifty people remain alive of the original two hundred . every morning there be half a dezen new death . the corpse be dumped in the river ; no one have the strength to dig in the freeze ground . angry man somebody should shoot jonson there . he have not get 'a ghost of a chance , and he 's go to contaminate we all . he use wortham 's spoon -- now wortham 's go . my friend ! have we get to wait till all be dead ? here he come now . the man dodge out of jonson 's way and pick up rock to throw at he in case he come too close , jonson I have only get a couple more day , Captain . the man can eat I if they like , I should like to be helpful in whataver way I can . smith thank you , jonson , we shall call upon you if we have to . other angle brawl erupt over food and small possession . the settler boil they belt and harness and eat they . they commit murder for match . they eat dog , cat , even rat . but civilization , aven such as it exist , begin to work its effect on Smith . every one of he compatriot be a avenue that lead he back into he former way of think . wilf , the cabin boy , cheer he with memory of youth and home . smith be you happy ? wil why showld not I be ? smith what make you happy ? 74 61 . wilf the sunshine . the sky at night . but especially , I like it when thing go my way . smith what do you do before you come here ? wilf my eye -~ how green , how green ! ask all this question ! Smith laugh , the domestic intimacy of the fort bring he around and make the magic city and even Pocahontas seem unreal . do he really make lova to she , really promise to take she away to live with he ? the notion that ha could make she he mistress fill he with a sort of horror , even while it still whip and sting he blood . he wonder what come into he . he feel he have be awful , then in the next moment that he behavior be quite sane . soldter Sir , ackley 's dead . and , directly , somebody eat he hand . new angle Smith find ackley sit in a chair in he Sunday best , the end of a musket in he mouth . soldier ( pilfering ackley 's thing ) go out in the ' eight of style , anyhow . such tranquility -~ look at he ! you would think he could speak , his hand have be chop off and take for food . tha sight of it turn Smith 's stomach . second soldier . I shall miss he . I think we all shall . smith . bury he . and put this in the morning report . second soldier be you quite sure , siz ? smith | spare no detail . nee 75 76 77 tight on smith again he think about she . ha agonize over what he should do . only a few month ago , ha hold she to he under the blue strong sky , kissing she eye and lip . he gasp , sweep by this rush of remembrance , and be back with she again , back in the rapture of he kiss on she upturn face of innocence and humble passion , back in the suspense and beauty of that pagan night , he look around he . what would the other think of such wild , unlawful loving ? he wonder if he really love she , or if he only want she because she be so pretty and lova he , ext . jamestown fort - indian procession ~- music the English line the wall of tha fort . Beyond it lie a sight to astonish they . Pocahontas be lead a. great procession of Indians toward the gate -~ brave with carcass of dear and brace of turkey sling from pole over they shoulder , woman with large reed basket of cernbread and raccoon . new angle Pocahontas and Smith find themselves alone for a moment as the English fote they red savior , overwhelm by this gratuitous act of generosity . pocahontas they all bow to you . the President ! my father will not let I bring you anything more . he say we hardly have enough for ourselves . smith it understand . pocahontas I will do what I can . -' smith do not put yourself in danger . you nead not do anything more ~- for we . pocahontas if you people be hungry , they can find shellfish under the ice . Pocahontas look puzzle . Smith cast about for the thing he want to say . what doas he risk do to she ? have he do it already ? 63 . -~ somewhere in he heart he know i 's he will batray she , and though he do not wish it , ha know i i t certainty . be 8 it with a utter smith do not trust I . focahontas why do you say that ? smith you do not know who I be , pocahontas of course I do . John . why should not I do anything I can for you ? I love you . I like to show you that I do . do it make you uncomfortable when they see you with I ? smith sometimes . pocahontas : I would be near you . you know that e from the way I look at you , do not you ? smith yes . yes I do , my love . pocahontas why have you not come to I ? smith thera be people die around I here . pocahontas I know it be a terrible thing to say , but how can you stay with they , John ? they 's be so fierca . they be so dirty , too , no wonder they dia . ( after a silence ) what can . you have to do , lova ? live at the fort , Smith have come to see thing with English eye again . her age and she openness , the very thing that he treasure , embarrass he somewhat . he remember that at certain time he adore she ; at other time he can hardly recall who the person be that feel this way . he be aware of a new world , a reality whose existence he never have guess or penetrate through to . the whole scheme of he former life have be call inte question and seam to he now like a illusion . but that do not make it any less problematic ; rather far more so . ps 78 64 . smith do you mother speak with you still ? pocahontas yes . she speak in silence , like the star . and if I do not answer , she say , '' what could I say to you that I have not tell you in my own language ? be it my fault that you have net understand mar ? you think I wish to speak to you eye and ear , and it be my heart that speak to you . in truth , it be the heart .of all the earth that speak to you through mine . '' she be not here , but up there -- far ! smith she be dead and can not hear you . speak with I , dear -~ I be live and can answer . new angle the English give the princess a round of applause as she leave , pass back through the gate of the fort , Smith come to a stop . wobblahead , the lunatic indian whom Smith meet long ago in the longhouse at rerowocomoceo , have come to the fort during the night and be entertaining the man . Smith watch as the fool , a axcellent mime , pretend to mount a imaginary beast . one by one , the colonist break into laughter . they seam to know nothing of Smith 's romance and would not aven hold it against he if they do . they respect he ; they depend on he . blacksmith he 's come to England with we ! tf ‘ave agree to become he manager . I expect I shall soon be entertaining diver offer . wobblehead nod and point over the seas , England 's direction . a suspicious dog answer in the distance . the crowd melt away . it be they uneasiness , more than anything else , which cause Smith to ask if they be amusing themselves at he expense . ha stride around , as though look for a confrontation . why should he feel any tie to this sorry lot and they selfish plan ?° smith you , what be you laugh at ? 79 80 81 65 . smirking fellow why , I can not be sure . a idea that I ‘ad in I ' ead , do I offend , sir ? I must be go . I get I chore . he slink off . Smith wonder how much he know . pocahontas Pocahontas walk along with a frown . what be she to make of Smith 's word ? ext . a corn field near the fort - later spring have come , bring sunny weather . indian scout sneak up to a field near the fort , a sink enclosure camouflage with vine , they strip the vine back and peer inside . befora they stand row upon row of qreen shoot six inchas high -- baby corn plant . the Indians 's leader dart inside and uproct one to take back to the Emperor . int . powhatan 's lodge powhatan toss the corn plant down in front of he daughter . his voice be soft and loving . powhatan they do not mean to leave . ( {pausa ) this do net surprise I . what do be how they find the seed and : where to plant it . this the tassantass do not know . and how do they find the other thing -- the oyster , the turkey 's agg ? when Pocahontas start to speak , he cut she off . he do not require a answer to this question . . powhatan he will forget you . pocahontas have you no kind word for I , father ? powhatan no . she jump to she foot and leave . 83 84 85 86 87 66 . ext . powhatan 's lodge powhatan throw open the door of he lodge . opechancanou and the Chiefs of he army understand he and , with a * great shout , repair to they unit . ext . jamestown fort a singla native scout observe a cross stand in the midst of the wilderness . then , come into sight of the fort , he solemnly plant three arrow in the road outside ita wall , to serve warning of tha Emperor 's intention . the English be by now accustom to strange antic from the Indians and give the business no think . sentry spear gopher ? the indian reach into a pouch , mumble a incantation and cast a handful of dust in the sentry 's direction . ext . river - indian camp powhatan cast tobacco leave on the stream grey water of the chickahominy , to satisfy himself that the omen ara good . the camp be a hive of silent activity as tha Indians prepare to make war . brave plunge they spear into a log , work up they courage with whoops and cry . they put on paint and smoke tobacco , say prayer and bid goodbye to they child . ally gather from distant camp . stream of warrior become whole river . Pocahontas look on with alarm . ext . werowocomoco - dusk as dusk settles , Pocahontas walk around werowocomoco , shiver like a frighten deer . int , powhatan 's temple ~ dusk powhatan have come to he principal temple to meditate before the sacred hearth . the dance firelight give he the appearance of a great conjurer . powhatan find my daughter . a brave clack a hollow log . ext . tobacco field ~- pocahontas - dusk Pocahontas hear the drum . suddenly , she make a decision . 88 ao 90 67 . with a air of nonchalance , she amble through the main gate into tha tobacco field beyond . onl ygol see hes cov ry miy the great wooden look back from the cool dark row of tobacco , she kinsmen seem to she like people she know in some time long past . with a sob rise to she throat , she turn off into the wood . and run ext . wood - dusk Pocahontas crash through the mocnlit wood in a panic . the pina sway back and forth like a wild sea . she stop for a moment to listen to the drum , but they only harden she determination , and she start run again . ext . jamestown fort - day -for - night Pocahontas wake up the English sentry at jamestown . sentry the princess ! pocahontas please get he ! hurry ! sentry you will not say that I be drowsing , will you , highness ? no sooner do TI shut I eye than I be lift out of this wretch world and forget I duty ! ext , a field beyond the fort - day - for - nigkt Smith lead Pocahontas inte a field of levele ground beyond the fort . the twisted shape of burnt - out tree stump loom up about they in the light of Smith 's hurricane lantern . _ smith how do you know ? pocahontas the corn . he see you mean to stay . do you ? do they ? Smith do not . answer . she be terribly upset about what she be do . ~ pocahontas make peace with he before he come . 68 . smith ' 2 will not accept peace . he would be a fool o. pocahontas you be go to fight a war with he ? send they away . so many will die ! smith it will not de that . they would not listen to meat avan if I do . why should they ? this earth be theirs as much ag it 's yours , you own it , I know . well , I suppose you could say you xva own it long enough . now othar be have they turn , ( after a pause ) besides , they have no boat to leave in . she be steadfast in ignore the drift of what he say . pocahontas we can go away . wa can go where nobody could find we . smith where ? for how long ? we can not live out in the wood . and the truth be I could never take you to England with mar , either . you do not belong in that world , you have be like a plaything . a curiosity . they make you over there . they make you they own . they press you small , lika chinese feat . Smith look off into the wood . all at onca it strike he how terribly he have compromise har -- and that now he must take a stand . pocahontas this be not you , John . do not you ramember ? but when she look at he face , she see that ha remember nothing of that other time . smith ( shouting ) watchman ! how many hour till the dawn ? 69 , sentry ( 0.8 . ) ( faintly ) two , Captain ! impulsively , Smith draw some bead and bell from a pouch on he belt and offer they to she . smith here . bellis ? she look at he , unbely . he himself seem horrify at what he be do , pocahontas why do you give mar this ? smith you 's have do the English a service . pocahontas let meat see you face . - smith they should be thankful to you . you have extend yourself for they -- now more than once . pocahontas ( very proud ) I have betrayed my father ! nothing can reward I for that . if ...he see I with this , he would take my life . here . take they back . smith T can not do what you wish . pocahontas they care nothing for you . I can stop my father . tell they to leave . _. , smith they would not listen to I . pocahontas never until this moment have you speak falsely . why have you say such thing to I ? smith truthful , pure as you , I can not he . 91 70 . pocahontas I know that you would never deceive I . I run here through the forest . now I feal I have dona somathing very wrong . ( horrify ) will you warn they ? suddenly he regret he cruelty . he take she by the hand . smith you have to come with I . pocahontas where ? smith inte the fort . you people will know you come . they 's 1ll find out soon enough . pocahontas . what will you do ? smith my sweet , my woodland fairy , my saviour , why do you fear mar ? do I now seem to you dark and evil , but too late for you peace , after the sweet sickness of love have infect you ? he reach out towards she , but she wrench free and retreat to the edge of the wood , stop now and then to look over she shoulder in a proud , confuse way . smith stay ! I must not let you go alone . they will punish you , when hea start toward she , she turn and run away . ext . wood Smith follow she . she be like some little dog which have lose its master and dee not know whether to run on , to run back -- where to turn . he seem on the verge of coax she back when he see a squad of indian scout advance through the wood . he hide behind a tree . when he look back , she be go . he have no alternative now . he turn back . meanwhile , Pocahontas abandon herself to she grief . 92 93 94 95 7h . ext . fort - dawn Smith walk back into the fort . he cannot think clearly . he do not know where he duty lias or whether ha even care anymore . he wonder what have make he change . he remember make vow to she , but they seem like the word of a stranger . sentry Captain ? be anything wrong ? Excuse mar if I worry too much , but the ship should have be ' be week ago , and now the man be talk -- ' ave they forget about we ? Smith stare at he a long time before speak . shall he obey the voice that in the forest command he ? shall he live in this world or that other ? smith : wake the man up . silently . have they . report here . do not stand there . go ! int . smith 's tent Smith throw himself on he straw bed . for a moment 's passion , he have cut she life to ribbon , perhaps send she off to she death . what would it mean , go to she now ? it would be madness . then , the memory of the poor , bewilder figure , of that anxious eye , dig into he again . in a seizure of long , the kind that come upon one when life seem to be carry something out of reach , he leap up . he want she again ; she kiss , she soft body , she abandonment , all she warm , pagan emotion ; want the wonderful feel of that night under the sighing pine ; want it all with a horrible intensity . ext . fort Smith walk out toward the wood beyond the fort . sentry Captain ? the man be ready . what be it that struggle against pity and this feverish long and keep he roote here ? he turn back , he will think about it later . ext . wood near fort ~- sunrise as the sun rise through the cool blue canyon of the pine , Pocahontas wander along in a daze . 96 72 , under the ganeralship of opechancanough , the Indians move quickly through the wood until they have surround the ort . a scout slip up through the wet marsh grass to the palisade . at he signal , the indian soldier advance , brandish they spear and war club . the English have be wait for this moment . they roll out they cannon and send a sickle of grapeshot through the Indians 's front rank . astonish , the Indians fall back , but the second and third wave press blindly on . before tha English can reload , they be upon the wall . they fight with a blind determination , but they light weapon be no match for English steel . they retreat back into the field , where again they be beset by the cannon . yet still they rally and make a second charge . Fresh troops constantly replace that who have retire . in the same way that the English pass order by trumpet and drum , the Indians use herald to cry out when to attack and when to retreat . . when a englishman fall , the Indians stuff arrow up he rectum and hack he to piece , lopping off head and hand and private part , wave the trophy aloft , laugh . musketeer advance into the field , each protect by a pikesman . they rest they heavy weapon on a stand , then light off they hundred - caliber lead in a great cloud of smoke . opechancanough be puzzle . how could the enemy have know of the attack , as clearly thay do ? the Indians shout curse and accusation of betrayal at Smith in algonguin . he do not reply . his comrade look to he for a explanation . with he sword and bullwhip , Smith range out beyond the fort to engage in single combat . tear stream down he face . his eye be crazy and ferocious . he shrug off he wound . he prove himself the bravest of the English , a law unto himself . '' powhatan , sick at heart , watch the progress of the battle from a cliff half a mile from the fort . thing do not go well for the Indians ; they be use to fight in ambush and skirmish , not pitch battle . still , they vastly outnumber the English and hope to wear they down . ext . indian dressing station - pocahontas Pocahontas watch the indian wounded be take to the rear . they bear they suffering in silence . 97 73. she wander about in a turmoil of shame and bewilderment . she can not go back to she father -- what should she do ? how many yet will die on she account ? her cousin and brother look questioningly at she , know she like the English but hardly guess the full extent of what they would consider she treachery . suddenly she see she brother parahunt among the wounded . a piece of shrapnel have tear through he belly ; he will not survive . pararunt something stung I , then I could not walk . now I can not move my shoulder , sister . I be cold . cold ! pocahontas here , rest . help he ! parahunt sit down . talk to I . thera 's nething you can do . pocahontas do not say that . wait . help he ! she run off to lock for help , but she do not get far . two Indians seize she on order from the Emperor . they ignore she protest -- that she brother be die , that she father will punish they when he find out how they have treat har . ext . jamestown fort the attack seem to have abate , though a few pamunkey brave steal into the fortress through chink in the wall and tunnel they have dig . they fight blindly with knife and tomahawk until they be contain and kill . lookeut search the horizon . Smith knock they from they parch . '' smith what be you look for ? there 's no one come to rescue you . flecked with blood , he walk through the stockade , sneering at he soldier . BEN . you seem pretty ' appy . 98 74 . smith nothing intoxicate mar like disaster . my past mistake seem very small , a wounded man pull a arrow from he hand and wave it hysterically at Smith . wounded man T '' not entirely sure I shall have tha use of this hand again . I like it while I have it . you sea , I be a clerk when I leave London . I never think I have have any trouble with it . do not walk off . what be they shouting at you ? ( Smith turn around ) you hear I ! do not give mar that poxey look . what do you do to they ? what do you do to gat they so oggly about we ? why ' ave I get to pay for it ? ( Smith dee not answer ) he 's not tell we something , and I get a right to know . they will not respect we white flag . they will not receive we emissary . there 's something he 's not tell we ! ' smith stupid as hog , the lot of you . second man now we be fight with each other , when the anemy 's out there prepare to cut we throat ! Smith stride around , bristle with contempt . smith stupid as hog . {under he breath ) always shut up somewhere . wobblehead , who know no side , give Smith a apologetic look . it be not in he nature to be sad for long , however . he leap in the air and run off through the lane , hoot maniacally . int , smith 's tent Smith sulk in he tent like Achilles , have he betrayed she from a fear of he peer 's opinion , he who pride himself on bend to no man ? what need have he to justify himself to the like of they ? 39 75 . a man with he fine sense of . honor can not forgi i . give himself for act that lesser man might consider trivial . Ben enter , BEN you must be more diplomatic . smith what have I get to say ? I can not bring my tongue to say it . what should I do ? show they my wound and tell they how I gat they in they service , while they run from tha noise of they own drum . hang ‘em . I have rather die than crave they favor . BEN they say you mock they . when we patrol return unharme , you express you regret . you call ‘em enemy of true nobility . smith . yes . . BEN why do you want to lead they ? smith I deserve to . '' BEN you have no desire to ? smith I have no desire to trouble the poor with begging . maybe you can give I a box on the ear so I may look penitent . BEN take care they do not plant a deep enough rage in you they make you one of they own . Smith walk outside . the Indians have break off they attack . ext . river stripped to he underwear , Smith plunge into the river . the puzzle look of the English give he a odd pleasure . he swim farther and farther out , defy the danger of the fast current and the hostile Indians on the other bank . 100 101 76 , to go back and love Pocahontas in the wood , with everything around wild and fitting -- that , he know , be impossible , to transplant she to a great town ; to keap in some little room one who belong so wholly to nature -- he shrink from this , in London she very simplicity , she lack of all sophistication , would make she life a misery of exile and alienation . but now that she be go , he hate bimsel£ and the English , with they smug idea of right and ty . a ache for lose youth , a hanker , a sense of waste love and sweetness , grip he by the throat . surely , on this earth of such wild beauty , one be mean to hold rapture to one 's heart as the earth and sky hold it . and yet it seem that one cannot , or not for long . what do he do that be wrong ? where be that new world in which he find such happiness ? that wood , with they sky - loving pine ? . ext . powhatan 's campaign tent Pocahontas be conduct to powhatan 's campaign tent by a official of the court . shae take a moment to compose herself before she enter . she know she father be aware of she offense . int . tent Pocahontas sit bafore powhatan in the hazy darkness of the tent . the Emperor be thickly paint and oile all over -- he arm and shoulder red , he face blue , he body jet black . from he ear hang the dry claw of a kingfisher . powhatan you have bring I great sadness . you could have marry other chief and work for you nation , you could have help to bring we peace . you have forget you duty . ( pause ) so have I . I love you more than my people . I put you , my heart and soul , ahead of they . I do that thing which I forbada you to . you have be a fool , but I have be a very great fool . this peopla come to take we world away . we must defend ourselves against they . many more will die because of we folly . I shall tell nobody of this . not because I love you but because I be weak . no 102 103 103b v7. from outside come the noise of new preparation for battle . powhatan I can no longer speak with my ancestor , nor with my people . someday , if I have any honor , I shall tell they what I have do and offer they my life . today I cannot . pocahontas forgive I , father ! powhatan you have be the light of my life . I can not give you over to die . I banish you instead -- I take you nama away and send you to you uncle . I be too old to see you die , but if I see you again , I might feel the love of you again . you be already dead . I . can not love one that be dead . I can not love a ghost . so leave I now , ghost girl , and may the Father of we people give you happiness in the hereafter . Pocahontas stand up . he sit with he head bow . despair of a further word from he , she leave . ext , ceremonial funeral the Indians hold a ceremonial funeral for Pocahontas at a pavilion near the battlefield . once the joy of she people 's eye , they will no longer look at she except in they mirror . they behave as though they genuinely believe she be go -- a ghost . still , the ritual be one to befit a princess . heralds play dirge on trumpet of tree bark . eight strong brave bear the palanquin that will carry she off to exila . two hermaphrodite walk ahead with fan at the end of long pole , to protect she from tha sun . ext . wood a English scout see Pocahontas 's train move through the wood . he recognize she . ext . wood ~ smith and tomocomo - night tomocomo have come to Smith as a spokesman for powhatan , he emperor . they be alone in the moonlit wood . 104 78. tomocomo the great powhatan speak thus : '' you , destroyer of peace , a man I save , and shelter , and feed -- treat like a son ! -- have you not injure I enough ? you have steal my child 's heart from I . with a thousand invention you have drive she mad . with you lie tongue you have change she into a demon to persecute I . '' I be to say no mora , but see -- catch hold of the top of a sapling , ha hend it to the ground . tomocomo we shall treat you in the same way . he turn and leave . ext . vicinity of the fort - dawn at dawn the Indians resume they attack . they twist moss around the point of they arrow , seat they alight and shoot they ovar the wall of the fort onto the thatch roof ef the English house , which burst into flame . the English rush around try to put out the fire . they situation grow more desperate from hour to hour . a soot - blacken soldier report to Smith . soldier the east wall be burn through , sir . wa can not close it without expose ourselves to they missile . argall lead in the scout who spot Pocahontas in the wood . : argall tell he . '' scout the princess be up the river at pastancy . they send she to she uncle patowomeck , Lord of the nake devil of that region and , by the by , a acquaintance of mine . so I gat to talk to he nib and he propose to sell she . he say with she at the fort , the Emperor will not dare attack we . he dote on she . 79 . smith you be certain she 's the one you see ? ; scout with this eye ! I speak to the King directly . smith and what do this regue propose to sell she for ? scout iowas get to that . his most favorite thing be comb , but in this case he appear to have he heart set on a kettle . a hob , you know -- a copper kettle , like I mother use for make tea . what use he mean to make of the instrument I can not say . argall well ? smith . we do not take hostage . King James would not approve . argall ¥ou would rather see we annihilate ? it be the first direct challenge to he authority that Smith have face . smith she have do enough for we . she risk the beat out of she own brain to save mine . she keep the rest of you from starve . we shall not answer she kindness by make she a captiva . argall press Smith , confident the other be on he side , that they will see this as they last hope . argall she and she flock be on the verge of kill we all . I expect there will scarce be a handful alive whan the boat return , if they ever do . you tell we yourself that she father regards she as no one else . ( Smith say nothing ) do you have private reason for this attitude of yours ? 80 . smith return to you post . Smith 's behavior feed the flame of argall 's suspicion . he stand he ground . smith the penalty for disobey a order of the prasident be hang . you be break the law . this be mutiny . argall I break the law ? you have break they all yerself , as fast as you make they , ( to the man ) I have information Smith here be Planning to marry the wench and make himself King of Virginia ! I have the proof ! the crazy one tell mar . listen to what he say ! fearing they wrath , wobblehead retreat into the shadow . Smith stride up to argall until they be face to face . his eye blaza with anger . argall Strike I and you break the law of this colony . that be the law ! you have get to protect thase man . smith Strike you ? he look at he for a moment , than reach out and give he ear a violent twist . argall jesu ! suddenly , six of argall 's cohort fall on Smith from behind and wrestle he to , the ground . argall ( triumphantly ) you be no longer in command , smithy . I shall have the medal now , you have be derelict in you duty to the King . you / have betrayed the citizen of jamestown . the medal , please ! you have shame the investor of the London company . I therefore pronounce you unworthy of be a member of this colony . ( more ) - 105 106 107 108 81 . argall ( cont / have ) as Chief spokasman for his majesty in the New World , I sentence you to corporal punishment until you admit you guilt . smith and soldier Smith be conduct to tha deck by a brace of guilty Soldiers . among they be tha santry who greet Pocahontas the morning of the first attack . he have reason to feel guiltiest of all . sentry sorry , Captain . we must do as argall say . wea man ' ave get no power . second man I advise you to admit you fault . otherwise hea will kill you . he can not afford to be consider a mutineer , without legal authority . ext . shallop - inc underwater shot Smith be keelhaul -- drag by a rope beneath the ship , so that he back be rake along the jag barnacle encrust on the hull . he bob to the surface , gasp for breath . argall you want to say you piece ? no ? very well . I sentence you to hard labor at the brickwork . ext . jamestown dock argall and a party of ten soldier sail the shallop upriver to kidnap Pocahontas . ext . pastancy indian camp patowomeck , the traacherous King of pastancy , watch out of tha side of he aye as a English sailor set a copper kettle down in front of he lodge . he must be careful not to appear complicitous with the kidnap . argall no use try to hide she . I know she be here . help I , and I will be you friend ! patowomeck 's aye flit nervously around . argall bow to pecahontas , who be surprised that he seem to know who she be . 82 . pocahontas who sant the boat ? argall why , nokedy sant it , milady . I be just pass by whan I think it diplomatic the stop and pay a visit . pocahontas you do not saem like someone to trouble himself about diplomacy . argall ( slyly ) do Captain Smith ? pocahontas I could not say . I be sure he do not tolerate insolence from he subordinate . two moon , a sympathetic pastancy indian , appear heside Pocahontas and bow to she . they be out of argall 's hearing . tho moons princess , they mean to get you on board and kidnap you . pocahontas what make you say that ? but there be tear in she eye . she know full well what be go on . tho moons I see you uncle deal with . the tassantasse . they be plan to take you back to they camp . watch out ! pocahontas nonsense ! Pocahontas look at the shallop , its mast wobble back and forth in the lazy current of tha chesapeake , could Smith really have send it ? could this be a grand gesture from she lover ? tha music hint at such a-hope . should she swallow she pride , betray she father yet again and give Smith another chance ? she care nothing for she dignity anymore . she be ruin . what be leave to save -- except , if possible , a last glance at ona who once love she ? patowomeck 's wife approach . her guile be heart - wrenchingly transparent , 109 110 83. patowomeck’s wife please come . I be afraid to go all by myself , my husband tell I I could go only if you go with I , pocahontas you think it will be safe ? patowomeck’s wife of course . you live in we house . we take cara of you . Pocahontas smile pleasantly . ext . gangplank to shallop patowomeck’s wife you go first . Pocahontas walk up the gangplank ahead of the wife . pocahontas you see ? all at once the English seize she , pull the gangplank aboard and shove off . a display of they musket be enough to discourage the Indians from retaliating , though a few throw rock and spear . Pocahontas feel a rudeness in argall 's 's grasp that tell she she be not be bring to jamestown as a guest of the President 's . now she start to struggle in earnest . argall you will not be hurt , highness . pocahontas you would not dare ! on tha shore patowomeck rush about give contradictory order , never let go of he kettle , bristle with indignation , yell word of encouragement to focahontas and knock he wife about . the English soldier laugh , no longer able to keep up they end of the charade . pecahontas cover har face with she hand . she burn with shame . ext . jame river as the shallop drift along the river , the English raider study they captive sympathetically . they know they owe they life to she and that they have cause she to suffer terribly in return . argall come up beside she and drape a shawl over she bare shoulder . 111 112 a4 . pocahontas my father will not ransom I . ha doas not feel toward I as he do before . I tell you this so you do not risk the life of you man further than you already have . argall one must hope , you majesty , I apologize for this discommode of you person . such be the necessity of war . ( philosophically ) I come out here because I have nowhere else to go . they take away my land , though I own it outright and have papers to prove it . my father tell I honor be not go to help I get it back . and it do not help you in the grave . he be wrong about all alse , but right about that . pocahontas ( 0.8s . ) o mother , have he send this ship for I ? ext . jamestown dock disembark at the jamestown dock , Pocahontas be dismay to find that Smith be not on hand . pocahontas where be the President ? the English , know that they fate may depend upon she , treat she with great deference . argall President ? yes -- I neglect to tell you . the Captain 's no longer occupy that post . he can explain the reason better than I . you will only be keep here long enough for we to arrange a truce . in the meanwhile I hope you will not mind be -- look after . he neds at a guard cof pikesman . ext . jamestown street argall conduct Pocahontas through the street . wobbl ehead bow to she . = as . 113 int . reverend whitaker 's house - montage Pocahontas enter the reverend whitaker 's clapboard house , the single frame dwelling in the colony . her guard take up they post outside . slat have be nail across the window . she look distractedly at the English appurtenance -- the oil lamp , the white pine furniture and the porcelain figure on the mantel . mary , whitaker 's may , a middle - age woman from Devon , appear to greet the royal guest . great. care have be take to ensure that she will be comfortable , mary this will be you room , milady . Pocahontas act as though she do not hear she . argall : she say that 's not she name anymore . she have no name . mary how unfortunate ! well , wa shall have to give you one . perhaps ... Lady -- you be of royal blood -- Rebecca ! my mother 's name be Rebecca . would that be suitable ? do she like it ? you may leave we , Captain . argall leave , beneath a single window there be a bed of rough plank cover with a pallet of straw . Pocahontas 's guard stroll back and forth outside . Mary can plainly see that she be utterly distraught and craze with grief . mary this be the basin , for when you want to wash . the water be outside the window , in the rain barrel . she demonstrate the use of the wash basin . mary this be soap ! she show Pocahontas by pantomime how the soap be use . there be not a trace of plead or complaint in she guest . she appear determine to face each new hardship with courage . : mary I think you be most elegant , excuse the liberty . . 114 115 86 , Mary try to get she to eat , but she will not take food . Mary give she a bath . she be limp and indifferent even as a pail of hot water be pour over she shoulder . she be like a wild animal that have be bring into captivity . she put on Mary 's cast - off clothes . first a corset , then a tatter camisole , then a long calico gown . Mary make she look at herself in the mirror . she be beautiful , yet Mary 's cry of admiration do not cause she to feel less forlorn . Mary show she how to sit and walk like a englishwoman . she must keep she back straight and she knee together , smoothe out she skirt , etc . outside a new battle rage . mary go ahead . take . a few step . walk . that 's right . the shoe hurt you foot , do not they ? Pocahontas 's movement ; naturally free , seem constrain in this new garment . they weigh on she like papal vestment . but she continue to accept Mary 's effort to teach she English way with a fierce stoicism . , if this be to be the form of she damnation , sha will throw herself into it head first . she will relish she perdition . ext . jamestown fort - battle - Pov on english ship the Indians pelt the fort with flame arrow as the English , they defense crumble and they wall on the verge of be wholly breach , wait to see if Pocahontas will ransom they . then , all at once , they leave off they attack , and we stand with powhatan as they behold with astonished eye the return of Newport and the English ship . pocahontas and mary Mary show Pocahontas how to use a door key . it seem to she that the princess 's mind have be damage . mary not that way . hold it like this . ( abruptly ) will you see Captain Smith ? Pocahontas do not reply . pity for Smith 's approach suffering at she hand surge up inside she together with a smaller measure of pity for herself . outside they hear loud , boisterous noise . 117 118 119 ay . ext . whitaker home Mary rush out to sea what be go on . Pocahontas linger inside , she heart pound with expectation . cannon thump in the distance . English soldier rush through the street , celebrate wildly . mary what be it ? passerby the ship ' ave come . the war 's over . the Chief of the savage have offer we peace . new angle Pocahontas chop she hair off with a break conch shell . ext . whitaker back door with she guard distract by the festivity , she snaak eut the back way . she wander around for a while as she consider whethar she should swallow down she pride and go to Smith . she look at the back wood , consider go back to hear own people , then think better of it . ext . brickwork she find Smith at the stockade , hard at work make brick . he look around and see har stand bafore he , dress in English clothes . pocahontas do you know I be here ? smith they say they be go to fetch you . I be against it . pocahontas oh . her cheek burn with shame and disappointment . but this , it seem , be what she want -~ to feel humiliate to the point of drastic action . Smith start to speak , but hesitates . . pocahontas what ? smith I forget what I be go to say . cr 8a. pocahontas Te must have bean a lie . wait ~- let mar look at you , : ( distraught ) I should not have come to you . ( she eye plead with he ) you hear they sing , dance ? turn . Close you eye . she draw a long kitchen knife out from under she shawl and bring it down with all she strength against Smith 's heart . the steel corselet beneath he shirt cause it to ricochet away , and Pocahontas cut she hand on the blade . she drop the knife and burst into tear . Smith take a moment to compose himself , then reachash out to touch she . pocahontas no. smith it be you own choice . be it not ? blama no one but yourself . you follow mar of you own free will . do I come look for you ? do I | lure you from you family 's side ? do I forca my love on you ? pocahontas I deceive my father , leave my home -- where can I go now ? back to the people I betrayed ? they hate I . as _ they should . I have no cause to harm they . smith do I hand you over to this people or urge you to do any of that thing you think so evil ? pocahontas it pain mar to hear you lia . :' smith I do not want to harm you -- and now there 's disaster all around we . wa should have stop before it be too late . how can I go off with you ? where ? where would you belong ? barefoot . tattoos . running through the treas , talk to the cloud ... he decide to leave it there , then break he resolution . - 89 , smith you be surprised that I do not have scruples . well , I do , put it 's not in my character to be stop by they . I want no more chaos . I want peace . pocahontas you will not have it . ( after a pause ) let I stay with you . you will never be happy anyway . it can not matter to you one way or the other . ( see he hesitate ) I will never question you in anything . I will be like a bird in you hand . {still he hesitates ) when you first come to we camp , you make I feel -- that we have always be look for each other . you teach I how to name the star . you show I where the north be . then I love you and show you all the good thing of the land . do you remember ? ' the spring , the turkey 's nest , the place where the fish hide ... smith and I express my appreciation ! ( oqrow angry ) you might consider that in return for save I , you might have get more than you give . you leave a barbarous placa to come to a civilized colony . do not make I talk this way . but he can not resist go on . smith I teach you how to speak . when you ware a savage and do not know you own meaning but whistle like a bird . May the god blast I ! you think I thank you for the thing you have do ? no -- I thank whatever foul , fiendish thing make people fall in love . ( maniacally } Love ! TI hate the name ! there 's no iron can make you more of a slave . you forget yourself . you dignity , you freedom . you end up wonder what drive you mad . I be happier in a turkish jail . 90 , pocahontas iam sorry . I have no right to blame you . do not leave this way . I do not want to remember you this way -- think what to tell mar -~ how to say it . show a doubt . pretend if you have to . you have a good heart , Smith see tha guilelessness of she clear eye and feel he foot mashed in a web of lias . hea seas the damage ha have do she , this child whose heart have never know true grief . a dam burst inside he . tremble with emotion , he rip open she blouse . smith : here , let mar see you naked . one last time ! so I can forget you . he push she back into the darkness of a stable . his face be contort heyond recognition . a demon rage inside he . pocahontas I watch my brother die . I kill 's he , I know that I be vile . I lie , I steal . you can not endure I anymore . that night when I ask you to take I away -- you hate I then . I hate myself a thousand time more . I could rip my heart from my chest . what be it deing thera ? smith . you hate I . I do not blame you for it . he offer she the knife she stab he with . Pocahontas look at he , stunne . when sha next speak , she seem utterly change . pocahontas oh , John , be this a dream ? I naver know that life could be this way . I do not know what you call misfortune . I think all be the best that it could be -- that man love the truth -- that people do not go away when they die , not forever -- that they be hera listen and keep the snake away ! I think you could talk with a stone . I be a foolish girl . I think we want the same thing -- that we might have a child , and -~ 120 121 91 while she have be talk Smith have quietly come up behind she . now , suddenly , she tufn around and see he . he take she into he arm . " smith I have injure you , and my own soul . that wounda that I have give you I hope in time shall heal . that wound I give myself , they never can . pocahontas I forgive you , John . . smith forgive I ? I , who love you , be crueller to you than you cruellest enemy . I have cast . a shadow on you life . immitigable , eternal . he see it even if she do not . Heaven itself could not undo what he have do . he rock she gently back and forth , and she pull he down to the ground beside she , and they hold one another as they do long ago in the dark chickahominy wood . ext . jamestown dock New settler disembark from the Susan constant and peer about the pestilence - wrack colony , astonished . with they fine clothes and healthy look , they stand out from the original member , who wander around eat fresh meat , fruit and egg for the first time in six month . ext . brickwork Newport have come to the brickwork with argall . he point to Smith . newport set he free . ( to Smith ) do you wish to bring charge against this man ? Smith consider this for a moment , then shake he head . newport be you sure ? Fine then , argall . be off . ( argall leave ) I have news for you . ( morei 92 . newport ( cont have ) the King want you to return to England and prepare a expedition of you own , to chart tha northern coast ~- to sea if you might find a passage to the indie . Smith ponder the offer . smith thank you , but I be oblige to decline . newport May I know why ? ( no reply ) come , Smith , this be not how the world work . eh ? this be not how thing be do . thing must look different to you here than from out there in the wood . the King have great hope for you . plan , great plan ! I speak with he in person . what be there for you if you stay ? trouble . ennui . the common lot . but I will not plead with you . you life be you own . be there anything I can do for you ? smith she will not escape . newport no , not if she have she - sense about she , her father do not want she back . he would be oblige to take she life if she return . yes , they would kill she if she do . she understand that ? 122 ext . jamestown - series of angle - happy mood return the colony be plunge into a faver of activity under Newport 's direction . he addrass its assemble member : " " newport unless the material sickness that have consume the spirit of we colony be brand and check , unless we lust be outgrown and we rape of this earth and of each other stop , wa shall lose not only we life and land but , '' like esau of old , we eternal birthright . let not America go wrong in she first hour . if we use God 's bounty for selfish purpose , then God will curse we . ( more ) 123 93. newport ( cont have ) let we remember what this country wag when first wa set foot upon this shore . let we think what it still might be . let we prepare a land of justice and liberty , where a man might rise to he true stature : a land of unprecedented faith , tolerate all , found on the soul and loving its law : a land that shall be the scene of the next mighty act in the history . of man 's redemption , over the course of the follow week , Pocahontas and Smith manage to steal a few hour together . they skip stone and feed each other berry . she show he a bird she have coax to land on she hand , he caress she shoulder with a cattail and look at she tattoo . embarrass , she cover they back up . she have grow more modest . she fear that she might seem like a barbarian to he , . her wild , natural gaiaty be go out of she . the somersault be but a imitation . she no longer be tha blithe , fantastic be he meet in the forest , bright as a angel , innocent and affectionate as a child , what have he do ? from a distance , wilf regards he warily . smith you look sad , have I make you so ? pocahontas sad ? no. I have never be sad . we have all we need . even now . why should I be sad ? smith and newport Newport and Smith be out for a walk . in the background there be tha incessant note of frog . newport I always think you be mean for something more , Smith . smith more what ? newport I de not know . important . smith more important to whom ? 124 1243 newport you could do you nation a great service . all nation ! his majesty be ready to finance a considerabla expedition . needless to say , it will be a vary famous man who find it -- the passage -- a way through . TI know you do not care about such worldly thing . prastige ! but still you might have a great futura ahead of you . why should it stop here ? this be a beautiful land . it flow with milk and honey as surely as any scripture ever promise . and yat it be not all wa hope to find , now be it ? ( music enter ) shall you be a discoverer of passage which you refuse yourself to explore ~- beyond the threshold ? Smith look off down the shore to the place where they first land , now quite change . ext , dock - indie music Smith walk through the colony . across the bay he see the ship be outfit for they return to England . the new arrival salute he . his reputation have spread . he stop in front of the large of the ship . he look up at the taut spar and repe , at the great wax sail , and somewhere deep in he soul he again hear the indie music that have call to he from the beginning and draw he ever on . the music whisper that there be no last haven of happiness . life have moment of unbidden fly rapture , but they last no longer than it take a cloud to move across the sun . they be as fleat as the golden vision one have of the soul in natura , that glimpsis of its remote and brood sanity . it whisper that the indie lie always before we ; everything be still possible ; we can put tragedy behind we and make a new start . and now we no longer see Smith directly but seem to look out over he shoulder . we notice what he notice -- the sailor come and go , the chatter of the new pioneer , the wind play in the sail , ext . jame river shore Smith talk with Ban , he sole confidant . 935 . hedge by a margin of dark tree , the river wind off inte the interior , shimmer in the evening light . smith a man cannot let himself be detain on calypso island , howaver invite . he must sail on ~~ put off that arm which would hold he and keep the independence of the open sea , Heaven will not fault he . Heaven itself be shoreless . better to perish in the howling infinite than crawl to the safety of the land . uniass you be ready with a savage will to break free , you stand to miss you own destiny . what be worse than that ?- to wake up and find you have be lead another man 's life ! ( Ben do not reply ) wait two month , then tell she I be dead . nsee Ben hesitate ) it will give she strength . she must not despair of she future . 125 ext . wood Smith have come out with Pocahontas to the wood . pocahontas Quick ! they may follow we ! smith no one have follow we . pocahontas this way , come ! smith we can not go farther . wa might get lest . tell I , my sweet , be you well today ? she wonder why he seem so solemn . the afternoon be lovely , and it be net easy for they to steal away . smith there 's something I know when I /m with you . she gaze at he . what do he mean ? smith I have be a monster to you . 96 . pocahontas what be that ? smith someone who do not care if he hurt other people . she do not answer but look at he in silence . whatever the past have bean , let they think rather of what lie ahead . Far away , the ship sway gently at they anchor , smith you know mar as I be long ago , when the soul that look from my eye be not the accurse thing that it be now . yet sometimes it seem -- I could be something still -- I have never yet be the man you think I be , or have the right to expect that I should be . pocahontas ( shaking she head ) you be all I have ever want ! just as you be . smith tell I , my sweet , do you still wonder if the wind could blow backwards ? she smile , how lovable she be in she devotion , how childlike . har look of adoration could move a stone . it be a fearfully painful thing , to love she as he do , and to have to be so cruel , though she stoicism make it somewhat easier for he to discount what she might feel . pocahontas why do you bite you lip ? ( he do not answer ) why do you look at I that way ? smith I can not tell . one imagine that one be strong , when one be weak . pocarontas you be very strong . why worry about the rain when it be past ? we waste the afternoon . come away . let 's sit by the river and think of all the bird - we can ! smith yes . 126 127 128 129 130 131 pocahontas o John , how happy we can be . we fit ! Love will make we happy , in spite of the sadness we have know . why mourn for what be lose ? why do we not : quickly forget it , till we be glad again ? he look at she with a sharp stab of long . he love she now , in leave she , more than ever before . ext . ship casting off , departing - wilf ( back figure ) sailor untie hawser and cast they on the deck of the Susan constant . wilf stand on the shore and watch . a wake spread out behind the depart ship , flash and frolicsome in the morning sun . tha wave lift up they neck , press toward the deep - water current . the mast point toward the cloud . High above fly a solitary bird . pocahontas asleep nature breathes softly about Pocahontas as she lie beneath a tree , a nymph lose in she green dream ; a ariadne . gradually , she come to consciousness . wobblehead be tickle she lip with a spear of grass . startle , she ask he what be go on . in a mischievous way , he pantomime that she friend Smith may . be give she the slip . ext , jamestown street Pocahontas walk briskly through the street of jamestown . they be mysteriously desert . then she hear the noise of the crowd at the dock . ext . dock Pocahontas rush along the dock , look for Smith . the English regard she with pity and embarrassment . she refuse to believe what they look plainly say . ext . brickwork ' from the brickwork , Pocahontas see the sail parting in the distance , and that great of agony come cver she --— the pain of have love in vain . ext . whitaker house Mary find she friend , m 132 133 sb . mary he 's laft you , princess . he tald you a pack of lias . forget about he . stun , Pocahontas sit down on the boardwalk . pocahontas I give he everything I have -- my first , best ... I be too poor , barbarian . be that the word ? oo , I think people love each other always and forever ! ( avoid the eye of passersby ) look at they . they be talk about I . they be afraid of I . oh yas ! they look away when they see I now . they stare -- I do not know which be worse . I want to die . mary you make a fool of a mistake about he , I tell ‘ee again and the harm you do yourself by dirty you own hest , it serve you right , excuse the liberty . pocahontas what should I do ? I have think of a way to bring he back -- to astonish he -- or free mar forever of desire . mary do not let it make you bitter . you be a princess . you grow up in a palace . you be use to give order and have you own way . you must learn the live on a common level now . tight on rolfe JOHN rolfe , a gentlemanly planter who have recently ship in , observe this scene . the indian woman 's dishevel beauty send tongue of fire through he vein . group of women having tea Pocahontas serve tea to a group of newly - arrive woman . she wear a glaze expression and seem utterly indifferent to they gaze . '' - as scon as she leave the room , they begin to talk about she . 134 135 136 99 , first woman the other day she stripped off har clothes on tha landing , in front of the plowman family . when they gasped , she turn and threaten to scalp they . they be unaware that the creature who be serve they once enjoy a very different life . second woman as soon as I go near she , she glare at I like a bull . she 's go to do herself harm , she be . good as my word . say wa should eat and sleep and love child , only childran ! ext , clearing - smith 's armor Pocahontas come upon Smith 's armor , still hang in the clear where they have they tryst the week before he leave . she look up at the cloud as inwardly she speak with she mother . pocahontas ( 0.s. } I be go mad again -- hear voice -- you no longer speak with I or walk among the tree . pocahontas by candlelight at night , by a candle , she resume they communion . a moth flit about the flame . the window buzz in they fitting . her eye dart right and leave , wait for Smith 's spirit to make a appearance . Love and rage sweep over she in wave . why can she not live lika the simple moth ? pocahontas ( 0.s . ) I want to de good , yet I do bad . you tell I that if I love truly , I would find true love in turn . I follow my heart ; now I be lose . I think there be no accident , that every sorrow would turn to joy , and all at last to bless . '' mother , why do you not tell I more ? pocahontas by moonlight she listen to - the wind in the pine . fear grow in she at the think of she fate . the sight of the sky , which once delighted she , now make har heartsick and ashamed . 137 138 139 100 . pocahontas ( 0.s. ) people have be patient with I and kind beyond word . help Mary if you can . everything be go from I ~- everything but the certainty of you goodness , the time have come to join you , and my father -- ext . riverbank Pocahontas make she way across a wet meadow into the darkness of the forest . she pick a toadstool , a red amanita , and eat it , then lie down on a carpet of pine needle to await she death . luckily , wobblehead have be follow she . he rush out , pick she up in he arm , shake she , then carry she off to the river , to drench she and to seek a antidote . ext . jamestown STREET - montage - autumn Autumn leave be fall . Pocahontas walk around dress in rag and tatter . her hair , which once shine like a raven 's wing , now hang down in matte tresses . she do net care how she look . she have give up she attempt at look like a civilized woman . her reason for they just sail away . she be dirty , distraught . she can barely be make to utter a word . she be like a wild creature that will not take to captivity . she make no secret of she loss . when sha do grow animated , it be to take a perverse delight in degrade herself before the citizen of jamestown -- dance and chant , behave in unpredictable and outrageous way . she watch the scavenger dog slink through the alley and feel a special affinity with they -~ with all thing low and revolting , all thing scorn and abuse . she see the Indians trading with the white man . the sight of the simple , carefree lifa that she forever have relinquished fill she with a indescribable dismay . pocahontas in the rain rolfe watch she as she walk in the rain . she look up at the sky with a smile and close she eye , enjoy the gentle pelting of the raindrop while the English hurry by cover they head . she dance . he see in she a glimmer of the natural girl whom we first meet ; wounded now , though still quite young . mustering he courage , he step out into she path . 140 102 . rolfe I would like to spend the afternoon with you . how do I ask ? pocahontas ( aloof ) you just do . she make no effort to drive he away , nor to carry the conversation further . ext . path through the wood Pocahontas and rolfe ara on a path through the wood . the sight of she , so beautiful and so deeply wounded , stir rolfe to the quick . rolfe what be you go to do ? you can not let yourself rot away . pocahontas what do you mean ? rolfe you seem like someone who love she freedom -- who could never be catch . caught , you know , like a bird in a cage . pocahontas I do not know why you call it that . if I like my cage , why need it trouble you ? two little girl rush up and beg she breathlessly not to leave , otherwise they will be send back to England . Pocahontas promise they that with new friend like this , she would not consider it . she and rolfe continua on they walk . pocahontas you love people , and they do not love you back . you tell they the truth , and they tell you lie . I do not know why I be surprised . I could not make he love mar . I could not make he sorry when he be not with mar . do not remind I that I aver speak this way . I would not like to remember it . — but she find it impossible to stem the flood that be rise in she . 1408 140 '' 102 . pocahontas I can not abide myself , I live for he . all day long I wait for he like a dog . I obey he , smile at he , put on thing to please he , then take they off if I think they would not . ~ ( rolfe seem to wince ) and all the time he do not want I . I can not bear it ! and I deserve it all ! I think only of myself -- while my family suffer , while my brother die ! rolfe look around , wonder if they can be overhear . pocahontas I will tear he from I , tear my chest down to the bone , until the shame be go . until I tear it cut ! she have be fealing strong . now , suddenly , she feel vary weak . pocahontas oh , Mr. rolfe , if I cry , you will put you hand over my mouth , will not you -- and hold I tight ? hold I , Mr. rolfe . hold I with all you strength . rolfe rock she gently in he arm . ext . jame river gently , guiltily , Ben whisper to Pocahontas that Smith be dead . we do not see the moment when she understand what he be say , only the aftermath , as she rub dust on she face and body , then plunge fully clothed into the river , as though to calm she grief . ext . tundra ( newfoundland ) - wind , a creaking mast ' Smith 's shadow advance over the ground . search and seek be write in he face , with eternal failure to find . his travel bring he at last to the bleak , windswept tundra of newfoundland . there be not a tree in sight , no murmure stream or leaf to speak with he soul . the native here ( inuit , or eskimos ) gaze at he coldly , with eye like stone , as though he be a man who could not be trust or reckone with . the bribe of gaudy bead he hold out to they they turn they back on , and he cast it aside as something worthless after all , into the stiff , dead grass . 103 . 140pd ext , dry riverbed 141 142 143 Smith stand in a dry riverbad . a stranger look at he skeptically as , off camera , wa hear : smith ( 0.8 , ) I must keep look . jamestown grow - montage a legend read : '' four year later '' . the colony have prosper , its peace with powhatan assure by Pocahontas 's presence at the fort . New arrival come in from England avery few week . they fall the forest and lay out they field . the house more and more resemble the tudor cottage of England . rolfe write in he journal , a portion of which play over this scene . : rolfe ( 0.s . ) '' in time she spirit improve . she come to believe there must be a reason for all that have come to pass . thing do not happen by accident . she would go wherever life should lead she . she would not languish in sorrow . the sun , the grass and the star -- they all ware perfect and content . why should she not be the same ? her transformation be remarkable , a great satisfaction to all who know and care about she . '' rolfe give Pocahontas book from he library . she learn to read and to speak properly . sha study geography , history and literature . she flourish under he tutelage . Mary have join the household as a serve may . ambush , powhatan move . out , village on FIRE tha colonist skirmish with the Indians , until powhatan , defenseless against thair superior arm , decide to abandon the tidewater and push west , by canoe and caravan , into the territory of enemy tribe . the longhouses be bundle up , the store unearth and seal in clay pot , the village burn to the ground . Pocahontas see , in the distance , the black column of smoke . she stand and wonder how much more destruction she will witness . tear rise up behind she eye . tight on powhatan his face set like a flint , powhatan bid farewell to he ancestral home . 144 145 146 1ia4 , . ext , henrico tobacco field - rolfe - pantomime rolfa cultivate he extensive tobacco field . Pocahontas give he valuable advice , show he ( in pantomime ) how to nip off the seed bud so as to concentrate nourishment in the leave , how properly to fallow the land , plant bean at the foot of the corn so thay can climb up the stalk while replenishing the soil , etc . helper work at the curing rack , set the tobacco out to dry in the sun , then pack it into hogshead for shipment back to England . a sacrament to the Indians , tobacco have become the foundation of jamestown 's aconomy , its only significant export . rolfe make up a pipe . angle on pocahontas wobblehead amuse Pocahontas with he antic as she wander along the country lane . she be a legend to the English , who bring she gift and leave they at she doorstep . she open the gift ~- strange hat , religious paraphernalia , doll , balloon , pin . she try on a hat . the taint and burden of she madness fall away . gradually she grow more English in she way , though at dawn she swim in the river still , and still the elder spy on she as she do . ext . jame river - aboard the moving boat - later rolfe have bring Pocahontas out boat on the James . her unhappiness be no longer so acute , and he kindness have grow upon she . have she begin to sea in hima reincarnation of she lose lover ? though not as handsome or dash as Smith , rolfe be a immensely attractive man . still , you can tell from she distract manner that she do not regard he with anything like the feel . she once have for Smith . rolfe suppose I ask you to marry I ? what would you say ? pocahontas be you ask I ? ( he nod ) where would we live ? rolfe here . '' England , if you wish . perhaps that would be best . you could forget you life in this place . 105 , pocahontas I could not live in England , Mr. rolfe . rolfe say yes . pocahontas listen to you . always give order ! something have change in she . sha have nowhere to turn , and she desperately want to make she peace with the world , to live with a semblance of decency again , free of scandal , of uncertainty and insolent look . pocahontas ( stalling ) you do not know how it be . rolfe I do . I know what you be go to tell I , in any case . I know the rumor -- that soma might be true . she nod . she feel a odd desire to humiliate herself in he eye , so that he can entertain no illusion about she . : rolfe that 's all dead and go . pocahontas I wish I would meet you first . but all the wishing in the world will not make it different . ( deflect he ) '' have you think about the look you would receive ? they talk about we enough already , even now . you would feel as though you every think be known to they . you be so proud , Mr. rolfe . you could not bear it . _ rolfe I would bear it proudly . pocahontas there be thing you do not know and could not guess . I would be oblige to tell you all . : rolfe of I know what I have to . I know that I i ' love you . 106 . pocahontas ( with difficulty ) you see , I despise he , but I do not know what I would do if he be to coma up from the dead . it be batter to face the truth than to hurt you as well . you see , I be weak -- too weak to rely on . you should have the sense to know it , as much as I would like you to forget it . rolfe I dream about you . I would give up everything . my friend , my land . everything . her candor stir he chivalry . he reach out to take she hand . she look rolfe why do you shrink from mar ? pocahontas I be not think . rolfe tell I ... pocahontas you know I do not iike to talk about myself . I be not go to leat you make I . rolfe wo not you say yes ? at he for a moment . pocahontas all right . if you like . . - rolfe do not you want to ? pocahontas there 's nobody else I would marry ... she burst into tear . rolfe this be not what I expect . why be you cry , Rebecca ? 147 107 , pocahontas I be sorry . rolfe why be you cry ? pocahontas I guess because ... I must ba happy . I never like to cry . it give I a headache . but ... I say I will marry you . JI will not love you , but I will marry you . rolfe consider this remark for a moment . rolfe when shall I make the announcement ? she look at he , astonished by he kindness and devotion . though she do not love he , she admire he a great deal . she trust he . he be strong and sane . she do not know . what else to hope for . . rolfe you do not love I now . someday you will . or I shall seek to deserva that you should . int . jamestown council house rolfe discuss he marriage plan with the elder of jamestown . Newport preside . in a improvise way , the elder discuss they objection to the idea -- precedent , whether they can allow a precedent for miscegenation , etc . finally , Newport intervene ; a man of cold logic . newport you be not ignorant of the heavy displeasure which almighty God conceive against the son of Levi and Israel for marriage of strange wife . ‘> rolfe no . newport would you do anything necessary to bring this about ? rolfe yes . 148 149 150 108 . newport would you write out a petition , explain as the wealthiest planter in Virginia the benefit this would offer to the colony ? could you state you hope that it might be the beginning of the great work of convert the natural , that this idea come to you in no way from carnal affection but for the good of tha plantation , for the glory of God and you own soul , with the purpose of save a unbely creature , move a urregenerate to regeneration . and would you add to this that the Lord should condemn you at the dreadful day of judgment , when the secret of all heart will .be know , if this be not you true intent . would you do that ? { rolfe nod ) then surely you do love she . write . int . pocahontas 's room Mary help Pocahontas get ready for the wedding . int . jamestown church the citizen of jamestown celebrate the first union of indian and white man in the New World . sell ring out . ext , rolfe household - series of angle rolfe and Pocahontas choose the site where they will build they house -- beyond the fort , on a bank overlook the river . rolfe we can burn the weed off here and make a garden . they wedge the earth open with a digging stick , to find the best topsoil . gradually they settle into a life of quiet domestic joy . Pocahontas milk the cattle and lead they to they stall . she bake bread in the oven and watch she husband with a grow devotion ; he have save she from doom . from time to . time Indians approach the house to trade with she husband . cover with soot and sweat , she look longingly at they , who spend they day as the bird of the air and lily of the field . she will never again play in the river or run carefree through the scent forest . 151 152 153 154 109 . infant gentla hand daub a newborn infant with sprig of moss , int . rolfe house Pocahontas have just givan birth to a son . rolfe be overjoy . but when Mary hold the child out to he mother , Pocahontas hesitates to accept it , as though she doubted it wera she own . then she natural feeling assume they reign , as she take it warmly up into she arm . rolfe dear child ! Thomas ! May we call he that ? ext . jame river Pocahontas sit with Mary on the bank of the James . she leok out across the field she ream as a girl , to the stiff rank of poplar and virgin pine . sha remember the night when the aurora borealis shimmer above they . the. air ring with the cry of child . mary you seem happy . pocahontas I might be . I be about to be . do you ever know ? I speak with my mother again . I speak with the cloud . I think it would never ba . I have a family now . Pocahontas jump and skip as she play with she lovely child , who now be two year old . then suddenly she stop , as though she have noticad how happy she be feel and feel guilty about it . but it be se wonderful to feel a part of life again , to feel it flow in she vein . yes ! she turn to rolfe and smile . vision of smith that night Pocahontas dream of she own mother , a lordly woman who summon up the ghost of Captain Smith . Smith have something in he hand , a little book , which she mother insist she take from he . she study the book , but she can make no sense of it . when she look up , Smith be beckone she . where ? we 155 156 110 , ext . wall of jamestown fort . another day , as sha be walk alone by the wall of the fort , sha hear some voice on tha other side talk about a man who could only be Smith . she stop . she put she ear to the rough-hewn palisade . voice ( 0.s. ) he get boot out of newfoundland . set himself up a notch too high . low - bear mant knocked he from he perch !... ha could make you laugh , though . he could make you laugh . the treas sway back and forth above she head . a darkness close around she heart . at a convenient moment sha approach one of tha man who have be speak . pocahontas Captain Smith be still alive ? { the man nod ) you see he ? man yes . . she turn and walk away . her face be white with shock . int . rolfe house rolfe lean down to kiss Pocahontas , but she elude he . pocahontas I can not do that . rolfe why not ? pocahontas it would mean something I do not feal . rolfe what have coma over you ? pocahontas I be marry to -- he . rolfe ( after reacting the this} married ? you do not know the meaning of the word exactly . pocahontas but I be . wh lin. rolfe you xva be so happy . . pocahontas do I say I have be ? my heart be lika a stona . rolfe suffer this remark dumbly . he reach out to take she hand . pocahontas I must not do this , John rolfe . I can not kiss you as before . why do you tempt I ? she walk into the kitchen , close the door behind she . rolfe do not go . mad with jealousy , rolfe jerk the door off its hinge . pocahontas you ought not to have dene that . it be not become of you . please go away . will you ? rolfe I merely wish to say that it be monstrous you should feel this way . focahontas yes , I know , it be wick of mar . I be sorry . but it be not I altogether who be to blame . rolfe who be , then ? pocahontas Mr , rolfe , would you mind my live away from you ? rolfe away from I ? what be the meaning of we marrying , then ? pocahontas I think I could do nothing alse . I give you my promise . then , as time go on , I regret I have and wish I could find a way to break it off . TI think of the scandal it would cause -- this frighten I . ( more ) 112 . pocahontas ( cont / d ) I , of all people , ought not the have care what people say , but I be a coward -- and I do not want to hurt you , now I see it would have be better to have injure you feeling then , than to marry you and injure they all my life after . will you let I go away ? ( pause ) Mr. rolfe , why should we let the world choose we plan of life for we ? what be the use of think of law , any law , if they make you miserable when you know you be commit no wrong ? rolfe from my point of view , you be commit a wrong in not like I . pocahontas I do like you ! but I do not see it would be ~- so much more than that . for a man and a woman to live together , whan one feel ag I do , be not right . there . I have say it ! she wince inwardly to sea the pain that she be cause he . but he be patient and kind . he overlook insult and injury . he doas not stand on he rights , nor keep a record of wrong . his be a love that never give up . pocahontas . there 's a house in the heart . a little house . I can not help it that he come to mine . rolfe you can , pocahontas how ? see my hand ? it flutter like a leaf . she be faithful to she grief . to think -- she have almost abandon it ! pocahontas ifm that way all through . do not leave I . see I through this . I do not say it 's right . why can not we agrea to free each cther ? we make the pact . at night , when we could not see . surely we can cancel it . then we might be friend and meet without pain to either one of we . ' be my friend , Mr. rolfe . ( more ) 156b 157 113 . pocahontas ( cont ! d ) ( pause ) . oh , do not you sea ? we shall both be dead in a few year . then what will it matter to anybody that you set mar free for a littla while ? why can not we seem fool to the world ? I know I be wrong . I always be . I guass you just can not say that you will love someone forever , rolfe you mean , by live away from I , to live by yourself ? pocahontas if you insist . I know you maan my good . I will go away and never trouble you again . but ... if you will not let I go my way , will you let I live here separately ? I would not ask if I be not force to . ba kind , though I have not heen kind to you ! again , he reach out to take she hand . pocahontas you must not , Mr. rolfe . rolfe must not what ? pocahontas / Love mar . you ara to like mar . that be all . if you want to leave I altogether , I understand . or say one thing and do another . I understand . ( point to the window ) go , look at the sun . see what it say . rolfe look out the windew in silence . the sparrow fuss under the eave . int . thomas 's bedroom - later Pocahontas look down at she child , asleep in he bed . poor , helpless thing -- why should he suffer ? a tide of love surge up in she chest , she throat . int . master bedroom - later rolfe answer a knock at he bedroom door . Pocahontas stand before he in she nightgown . 1l1 é pocahontas I have change my mind . if you want to love mar , you be frea to . I will never tell you again that you must not . will you forgive I for my cruelty ? rolfe what have happen to you ? { she shake she head ) you be out of you sensas . pocahontas I can not endure you say that . I be here , be I not ? do not turn mar away . he reach out to she , but she shrink away ; she can not help it . rolfe why do you do that ? pocahontas I be not think . I be sorry . the tick of a clock be loud in the enclosure of the little room . rolfe I have have some surprising news . we have be invite to England . or rather , you have . pocahontas by whom ? rolfe by the King and Queen . there will he a royal audience in you honor , ( she look puzzle ) you be know to they all . but that be not why I think that you should go . " + pocahontas why , than ? rolfe Te see Mr. Smith . to see if you still love he . she sit down in a corner and put she face in she hand . 158 159 115 . ext . jamestown dock the hawser be cast free as Pocahontas , rolfe and they son Thomas board a ship bound for England . Mary have come along to help with the child . Newport , too , be a passenger . wobblehead watch the ship move down the James River toward tha Atlantic breaker . ext . ship , high seas Pocahontas be astonished to discover that opechancanough be a fellow passenger . the great chief be disguise as a common indian . pocahontas uncle ! opechancanough indicate to she that she must keep he identity a secret . Nonetheless , she greet he with the proper formality . - pocahontas the daughter of powhatan great har mighty uncle . she beg he speak to she , so that she may remember the honor all of she day . opechancanough ( cold , aloof ) opechancanough , who have win fifteen feather in battle against tha enemy ef he people , greet the daughter of the Emperor and order she to risa that he might see she face . pocahontas why have you coma ? opechancanough you father send I . I be to place a notch in ' this stick for each white pearson I come upon . he show she a sheaf of stick he carry with he . opechancanough yes -- and to see this '' God '' they speak . so much about . with a skeptical air , he bow the she and walk off , though from the way in which he watch she hereafter , 160 161 162 116 ... we suspect that she father have send he along in part to lock after she as well , other Indians swim behind the boat , pull along by a trail rope . even in the middle of the Atlantic they can not resist the attraction of the cold , wild water . sight of england - holland ( bruge ) and quebec Pocahontas gaze in wonder on the sight of the Old World as they ride up the Thames . how she once dream of this hour ! the ship glide past the Isle of dog and turn into the pool of London . the Tower , William the conqueror 's great fortress , rise from the blue mist at the water 's edge . still farther up stand London Bridge , bristle with the head of recently execute felon . dome and temple , avenue and theater lie open to the field and sky . bell be ringing far away . ext . london dock half the city 's population seem to have turn out for Pocahontas 's arrival . she see she uncle be take note of all she silk and finery . opechancanough himself be bare except for he deerskin apron and splashes of paint . she walk down the gangplank , search the face of she welcomer for someone who be not there . the crowd marvel at she beauty , blow kiss and throw flower in she path . she be a dove of peace , the live proof that the heart 's great wilderness can be tame , the infidel bring to Christ . she be the very flesh and promise of the american soil , a Earth mother as surely as ancient demeter . ext . london street - series of angle Hand in hand with she child , she walk like a somnambulist through the crowd of the curious . the clanging of the cart and coaches at first alarm har but soon be a source of great delight . she have never before see horse or wheel . : she gaze in wonder at the rider . to she they seem a part of the horse itself , a single be with they mount . she see a flag stream in the breeze . she see a great clock too , but seem to remember when Smith speak 's to she of such thing in the wood , her husband dee not guess she thought . opechancanough share she amazement . the crowd applaud she wherever she go . 163 164 147 . what fascinate she most be window glass . she press she finger against the lead pane of a baker 's shop and smile at the people inside . life abound with wonder . they pass a candlemaker 's stall , pocahontas do you eat this ? rolfe they be candle . you light the end . she look away , embarrassed by she mistake . London 's squalor , the open sewer and fetid lane , make they impression on she , toc . she study a group of young adventurer , reminiscent in they own way of Smith . she glance at rolfe , see that he have be watch she and look guiltily away . do he guess what she be think ? ext . heacham hall a coach pass through the gate of heacham Hall , the country estate where they have take up residence . Pocahontas alight , bow gracefully to a footman and look about she in amazement and delight . a fountain stand before the entrance . the noise of water rush through it dissolves into the sound of applause . int . whitehall palace to a fanfare of trumpet and timpani , Pocahontas step down the main aisle of whitehall Palace as she be present to they majesty James and Anne , the king and queen of England . her coal - dark eye and noble bear send tremor through the court . , Mary look on from the gallery : at last she unfortunate mistress be receive the respect she deserve . opechancanough be on hand , too , in he pamunkey war dress . Pocahontas bow to the King . rolfe listen as the Court Laureate read a composition in she praise . Thomas listen , too . laureate ' the princess of Virginia , Empress of the New World , savior of the Mission Imperial . through you we leave behind the past and go forth into a new , mightier world , of fresh wonder ever . through you we shall walk in unknown way , pierce deep mine and fall the forast , look on peak gigantic and find the spring of great river . you radiate redundant joy and grace on all around you . ( more ) 118. laureate ( cant ! d) you warm we with the fullness of you heart , you inspire we with you courtesy . you unloose we tongue . the wall of we habitual reserve vanish and leave we at large . '' king jame ( interrupt ) do ha bore you ? pocahontas no , King . I adore flattery -~- however dishonest . king jame admirable directness ! tall mar , how large be you father 's realm ? pocahontas bigger than England , Spain and France put together . king jame . ah , but how strong would you say it be ? pocahontas strong enough that they would fight the English army without the slight fear . though it would never occur to they to cross the seas and attack people who to they have do no harm . king jame we have be lead to believe they be barbarian . pocahontas even the poorest of the people be ' never in want . they have no beggar . none who be abandon or cast out . all be brother , sister . she speak without : reserve . even opechancanough take note , pocahontas they know what true nobility be . king jame and how do it seem to they ? pocahontas it have contempt for safety and ease . it perceive that virtue be enough . ( more ) pw 165 166 119 , pocahontas ( cont ! d) tt stand by itself and do not try weakly to reconcile itself to the world . the strong , the presumptuous , learn there be a resistance on whom both impudence and terror be waste , the King step forward , bow and kiss she hand . this be someone from beyond he realm . murmur of surprise run through the court . the Queen think she might have discover a new friend in she Virginia counterpart . queen anne come afterwards to my apartment . jonson 's christmas masque Pocahontas and the court watch jonson 's twelfth night masque , a pantomima of Greek god and dance child set to music by Orlando gibbon . Pocahontas marvel at the unreal world of the stage . ext . whitehall palace - opechancanough . Pocahontas run into opechancanough on the lawn cutside the palace . pocahontas you be still here ! JI hope you will not be discourage , uncle . like you , I can not forgive they , but I must live among they . my life be here . ( pause ) I hesitate to ask you this , but I wish that you would carry a message to my father . tell he that he should forgive himself for treat I with indulgence -- we all be weak from time to time -- and that I love he very much . ( after a pause ) Love can make we weak as well as strong . opechancanough nod . he seem to want to say something more . she wait a mement , then bow gracefully to he and start off . when she have go some distance , opechancanough hail she . ope chancanough farewell , my niece ! she turn around , deeply stir by this hint of he restore affection . pocahontas farewell , great uncle ! he bow to she and leave . 167 ext . heachem ground - rolfe with newport rolfe talk with Newport . newport you must not let she play upon you feeling in this way . I would speak mora candidly , be she not you wife . rolfe she be not . she be he , except in name and law . she would never have marry I have she know that he be still alive . there be no use in keep she chain to I if she do not balong to I . I must set she free . I have reason to believe she would welcome my take such a step as the great charity to she . and though she sympathize with I , as a husband she cannot abide I . newport such a step might ruin you prospect in Virginia . rolfe if so , no one must tell she . ( Newport start to interrupt ) no , I do not want you opinion on this . my give she up can do she no possible harm , and it will opan up a chance of happiness for she , which she have never dreamt of hitherto . 168 int . heacham room - rolfe and pocahontas rolfe have open he heart to he wife . pocahontas | but I be prepare to stay . rolfe I would be wrong to hold you back . I be a.fool . in my vanity I think I could make you love I . you can not do that , or should not . in any case , you have walk blindly into a situation you do not anticipate . ( more ) 121. rolfe ( cont / d ) I must help you , whether you ask it or not . I will not rob you of you salf - raspect . rolfe 's sensa that he be do he duty by a woman at he mercy almost overpower he grief at give she up . rolfe I be a bachelor by nature . be without a wife will not really be 30 irksome as it might be to other man , especially that who might have bean marry longer . I have my field . pocahontas what of we child ? rolfe he can come to you in tha spring , and then back to I in tha fall . pocahontas do not you worry what people will say ? rolfe what happen in England do not concern I . back in Virginia the matter be too old for scandal , pocahontas I shall write you . rolfe : no . I think we should be separate . you need give I no information about you plan or-movement . pocahontas you do not seem very sorry at the idea of my go . rolfe ( infinitely sorry ) no. perhaps not . pocahontas this be hard , John -- for I to say -- but I know it be the best course . I know for certain that you will be better off without I . I should add that I like you very much for how you have behave . it be a strange thing that , as soon as I begin to regard you not as my husband but as a friend , I like you very much . ( more ) 169 170 122. pocahontas ( cont no ) I will not be so careless as to say I love you , but I will always remember you -- ochoke up ) -- as a very good friend . rolfe I will see you again before I sail -- so I will not say goodbye . ext . heacham hall - music Captain Smith approach heacham Hall . he be seven year older . to judge by he wardrobe , he have not fare well in the world . smith be this the rolfe estate ? gardener yes , sir . int . pocahontas 's bedroom Mary announce Smith 's arrival . - mary it 's he ! I see he ! pocahontas who ? mary Captain Smith ! good as my word , mafam . most presume , appear in this manner , without forward a customary note of warning . you ‘’d be within you rights , and certainly within the propriety , to send he away without a explanation ! pocahontas indeed ! perhaps I should . mary ( hope she will not ) what shall I say ? pocahontas that you tell I . that I thank you for tell I . Mary leave , giddy with excitement ; once again she may resume she role in the drama . Pocahontas be pale with emotion . she give he a mysterious pat on the cheak , as though she wish to get he hope up -- to seduce he a little , so that she might turn cold and aloof again , and punish he for he presumption . pocahontas I have forget how forward you be . she stride haughtily across the lawn , condescending and cold . she have make herself what he want . a grand lady } now let . he watch she . smith give yourself air , eh ? who 's this man you ’‘re marry to ? pocahontas he own the large plantation in Virginia . if you must know . smith you look well , princess . I be not joke . you look damn well when you be properly dress . , . so after I leave it -- want well for you . pocahontas yes ! smith I hear the King and Queen receive you . everybody report you be a great favorite . they all speak of you . one hear they in the street . her ladyship ! who would have guess it ? he look deep into she eye , then quickly take she hand and hold it like a trap bird . . pocahontas I cannot do this . but when he kiss she cheek and she lip , she will melt away . tongues of fire shoot through she vein , and for a moment she return the kiss . but with the parting of she lip she let he go . the spell be break ; she love have die , pass off like a dream . he gaze ardently at she . : pocahontas be you about to tell I a secret ? I hate secret . whenever anyone ask I if I would like to hear one , I say no . I have not once regret it . bo 125 , smith I be bear in a tanner 's shed . never have a thing . noé property , no rank , no chance of gatting hold of anything except with my own hand . I could not afford the luxury of be a gentleman . you think i.like be what I be ? I see a chance to change it . I can not be blame for want to . nobody respects a poor man . I put my not gatting on in life down to they persistently sand I off to fight they war for they . I always feel I would break through -- the next day , the next hour -- that something grand be wait for I -- a destiny all my own -- above the common one . . believe it have carry I through thick and thin . as he talk she look at he and wonder at how crestfallan he seem , he who use to have the assurance of a man who have never know defeat . she want he bring low , but this be more than she can bear . what do it mean that he once love she and she love he ?. where do it all go ? he no longer be the person she yearn for . she seem , in fact , to have forget who that person be . the figure who stand before she now be common as clay -- the last representative of she extinct , betrayed freedom . smith you know that I have promise , do not you ? pocahontas ch yes ! do you find you indie , John ? he look off at the horizon . where do he wander from the path ? | smith after I leave Virginia , I get tha idea of go south , to Venezuela and the guyanas , east of pizarro 's land . I have hear of a city there . but they withdraw the fund as I be about to sail .. so I go to New England . mapped it , then the honest citizen go over . I be fool enough not to insist upon a contract in advance . thay be make the world in they own likeness , clear to the pole . ( more ) 126 . smith ( cont would ) . there be nowhere they be not . I have no idea my life would be spend in the company of thief ; of that , especially , who steal with a pen . I dream of something else : graat voyage of discovery , the land open before I , new republic without a history , magic , new race , a new world to shame tha old . tha indie -- they be like a mirage for I . ( intercut : he shadow move over the ground , high wall , the St. lawrence River wind into the west , etc . ) I always think they be around the next bend -- the next thing , then the next ~~ newfoundland , St. rupert 's Island . every time I tell myself , '' have faith . wait . they be come . '' I cover the whole world . hard as I searched , I never find what I be look for . after a while I give up - strive . maybe I should have go farther north . that 's where all the excitement be now . perhaps there be no passage . perhaps it be a dream . in some respects I have be a failure . and yet I see -- with you I know . you be my America , or there be none at all . he be conscious of look as though he have fall on hard time . while she husband enjoy the fruit of she Virginia patrimony , he , for all he prodigy of exploration and adventure , can not lay claim to so much as a foot of land in the New World . he be alone , bereft of hearth and home . it embarrass he that she should find he at such a pass . her gaze reach into he like a ray of sunlight into a forest . she alone know the secret promise of he existence . and see she , he know that promise be nearly go ; he be nothing more than what he now seem . smith May I speak with you this way ? pocahontas of course . smith I wonder . 172 127 . pocahontas you worldly failure , if you insist upon consider it that , be to you credit rather than you blame . you should remember that the best people be that who do themselves no worldly good . every successful man be more or less a selfish one . he look around . the lawn and wood buzz with spring 's ventriloquism , the bee be drowsy with nectar . pocahontas John ? smith I forget what I be go to say . pocahontas it must have be a lie ! they smile . there be a peace between they . she have let ~- he go . smith I suppose a person of you commendable nature cannot he sad for long . she let this illusion stand . pocahontas no . you know that we be very happy ence . because that be the only thing I could not bear -- 's if you have forget . he see what a noble be hea allow to escape he . before he can return to he sense they have say goodbye . smith 's pove - music Smith watch she go off . the indie music come softly in , and now it occur to he that if he have not find he dream , perhaps he be look for it in the wrong place -- in the outer kingdom of rich and glory , when all the while it lay within , in the love and the pain he share with this woman . be she the wondrous destiny that lay in store for he ? be she he indie ? do he sail past they , mistake where they lay or never believe they could be find , or worse yet -- a lover of threshold -- afraid to set foot there ? 173 128. and even as this think come over he , with extraordinary force , he know that it will pass , that he will again take up the illusion of he daily life . the blind insight will seem a creature of this present hour ; a pass fancy . ext . heacham hall - later rolfe arrive home . Pocahontas coma out to greet he . she carry on almost as though nothing have ever coma between they . pocahontas John , I have a desire to see Virginia again . I do not know how long it 's bean since I see a blue sky or swim in the river ~- and the people ara so very nice , but my jaw ache from smile , and -- could not we go homa ? rolfe as soon as possibla . pocahontas before you say that , I should tell you that Captain Smith pay I a visit . I receive he , and I let he hold my hand -- a long while . I do not know whether you think it wrong . rolfe , ( distract ) oh , do - you ? what do you do that for ? pocahontas I be not sure . he want to , and I let he . she be surprised that he do not scold she . pocahontas . furthermore , I kiss he and let he kiss mal . rolfe the old story . pocahontas . _ I do not know wa ware go to until we do . rolfe May I ask how many time this occur ? 175 130 . pocahontas Thomas ! come closer . I be in the house , and the mover take a big trunk away , and I find this in a chink of the wall . a map ! his eye light up as she unravel the old scroll . the blood of two race flow in the boy . thomas what do it say ? pocahontas give I time ! can we talk here ? wo -- the maid be so nosey ! Close the door . we must not tell anybody else ! you will not , will you ? I will not aither . it 's sign by a Spanish lord . stamped with he seal ! he say that if we follow it precisely , we will come to a stone man hold a great : fish , with a waterfall come from its . mouth . ext . ground - series of angle they rush around the grounds , from one place to another , follow the direction to the treasure . pocahontas wait , wait ! now it say that we should bow three time to each other . they bow to each other , as specify , and hurry off to the next clue , until at length they coma to a huge mossy statue of a cherub hold a fish . a fountain bubbles from the fish 's mouth . thomas mother ?! he gape at the mysterious figure . then he look at she and realize she have be lead he on , and he begin to chase she . they laugh and cavort wildly . pocahontas ( 0.s. ) reach in there ! Thomas walk carefully to flower pot at a corner of the field , put he hand inside and draw out a glass frog . pocahontas ( whisper ) what be it ? 1738 174 pocahontas a good many . I do not remember . and I call he my dear friend . he speak of some thing of the past , and it overcame I . ( pauge ) you do not seem very upset . rolfe perhaps I feel numb . pocahontas ( puzzle ) you do not know that he be come , do you ? rolfe what you suggest be beneath the conduct of a gantleman . pocahontas I love a dream . will you have I back ? will you forgive I for neglect you ? can you forget ? ( he nod ) now I know what true love be ! now I be home . eye bent in repentance , she take he hand and press it against she cheek . it be the first time we have see they touch each other . they child , watch from afar , sense he parent 's joy . it seem to he they be united at last . thomas 's pove on pocahontas and rolfe Thomas watch , undetected , as he mother and father go hand in hand about the grounds , happily observe that commonplace scene of life that perhaps mean little enough to '' they before but which now suddenly have a power to convey all the meaning and glory of love 's new world : a dog chase dove , a trea bow its head , the wind on a pond . at last , to he astonished joy , they kiss . with a fine sense of discretion , the child hurry away . his heart beat in he throat . ext . heacham hall - dusk later the same day , or week , young Thomas look up with a start . his mother rush in with a parchment scroll she have find , unable to restrain she excitement . 171 she take a moment to compose herself , to savor the last moment of she innocence . will she know he ? will she be able . to speak with he ? ext . heacham lawn she go out the front door onto the lawn , and there he stand ~- she first love ! Smith look up . she be radiant in she silk and finery , utterly transformed from the wood nymph he know . she have achieve culture , station , refinement , wealth , become the sophisticated soul he think she could never ba , while he have grow more animal , she let he look at she . she tremble under he gaze , smith do I make a mistake in come here ? pocahontas that be for you to decide . but I do not sea how you could think it so soon . smith I would have come before except that I have baen away from the capital . Business , you know . small excuse , consider that I owe you my life . pocahontas do not trouble yourself on that account . smith perhaps I be out of bound speak this way , but I have think of you . often . I be a fool not to have bound my fate with yours . I might bea happy man now . a prosperous one , in any case . pocahontas be that so ? she will not give he anything . he will have to beg she . smith I would not lie to you . no more than I would cheat at card . be good for once and do not make a scene . I confess that I be more , or less , than a gentieman . you once give I the benefit of the doubt . pocahontas I never tell you that I do . 123 . ee 178 179 180 181 132 . pocahontas be strong , my husband . this must happen to we all . what do it matter if I come a little before or after ? I '' go to sea my father and my mother , and as she whisper to I , so shall I to you . see if you can hear I . I will use the wind for a tongue . ext . gravesend dock , cottage window , backyard , etc . the curtain whisper over the sash as Pocahontas 's spirit make its departure . her effect be put away . the fisherman 's daughter shake out the pillow that she sleep on . rolfe ( 0.s . ) '' she say that she would be in we breath and in the ground beneath we foot , bear we up . she refuse all sympathy , say it be enough that you , she child -- - ( over scene of America ) -- should live . '' rolfe board a ship . opechancanough , he face paint with ash , follow he up the gangplank . ship departing gravesend as see from dock at the gravesend dock , sailor and fisherman go about they task -- mend net , caulk the seam . as the end credit begin to roll , the ship with its great whita sail be already in the off -- virginia-bound ! aboard the ship - the boy Thomas look out over the wave . ext . virginia wood the New World pine sway back and forth in ecstasy , forever await the determine sailor . the end be '' a 176 177 131 . he bring she the frog , cupping it with both hand , as though it wera a graat jewel . pocahontas oh , Thomas ! you say you would not tell anybody . it will be we secret . she look at he and remember when she , too , shine in this way and all the world about she . she miss she daily salute to the rise sun , the time when she find a bird 's nest or vault up a tree , the shock of the cold water as she plunge into the river -- all that little moment of she life that no one else can remember or will ever know about . the wind come up through the tree . suddenly , to she son 's delight , she perform a cartwheel in she English dress . rolfa look on from afar , well pleased . the story could end here , with a lagend describe what happen to the character , or else it might continue with this next , conclude scene : . - ext . gravesend cottage - a few week later on they way back to America , the rolfes have stop in gravesend , the last port for sea-bound vessel . rolfe ( 0.s. ) '' 13 April 1616 -- dear Son , I write this so that you might have it someday in the future . you dear mother , Rebecca , fall ill in we outward passage , at gravesend , a small fishing town at the mouth of the Thames , where the river flow out into the sea . '' opechancanough burst out of a cottage , scream in a wild pamunkey way . the citizan look at he as 's though he be a madman , int , cottage bedroom Thomas rolfe peer at he mother through a crack ina bedroom deor . the young lady attend he , a fisherman 's daughter , inspect the glass frog . young lady . she give you this ? very expensive . remember she , dearie ! tear stream down rolfe 's face . Pocahontas lie in bed , surround by a radiance of white linen .