the crow : CITY of angel written by David S goyer &amp ; James o' barr fade in : ext . limbo - day / night a heavy mist hang before we - endless and impenetrable . and out of that primordial fog a crow materialize , fly toward the camera in slow motion . sarah ( o.s. ) I believe there 's a place where the restless soul wander . burden by the weight of they own sadness , they cannot enter Heaven ... presently a second shape materialize - a figure on horseback . a warrior whose baleful eye shine behind the familiar irony mask war paint . sarah ( o.s. ) and so they wait , trap between we world and the next , endlessly search for a way to rid themselves of they pain - in the hope that somehow , some day ... the figure on horseback sweep past we , disappear once again into the mist of time . sarah ( v.o . ) ... they will be reunite with the one they love . dissolve to : ext . docs , commercial waterfront - night present day . the crow settles on a shipping container , tilt its head , watch ... super title : " CITY of angel - october 29 th - LA noche do san luca " close on a pair of hand tear open a tiny glassine envelope fill with powder - we drug du jour - trinity . the face of the envelope have be stamp with a image - a cartoon imp with a shit -eate gring give we the thumb - up sign . a man lower he face to the envelope , snort up the powder . the man discard the glassine envelope ... following the envelope as it flutter to the ground , landing " imp - side " up . let the rush begin . pull back to reveal garbage - poison water wreathe in fog . although once part of a thriving shipping industry , decade of decline have see this dock become a hellish dump ground . case in point : a father and he young son be kneel next to one another at the end of a pier , they arm link together , then tie behind they back . danny corven ( 8 ) be quietly sobbing . ashe ( late 20 ) , try to calm the frighten boy . danny I be sorry , dad ... I be sorry ... I do not mean to look ... ashe it 's okay , Danny . it 's okay ... nemo ( o.s. ) light ... a bright light come on . ashe and Danny turn they head to avoid the glare . nemo ( o.s. ) ...camera ... close on a camcorder lens as it auto-focus , bring Danny 's distort face into view via the lens ' reflection . nemo ( o.s. ) ...action . camera find ashe and Danny 's executioner , curve , kali , spider monkey , and nemo . nemo , a post - modern sleaze-hound , circle Danny and ashe with a camcorder . he pat ashe 's face . nemo make-up . spider monkey , lean and gangly , crouch next to ashe , hold a marigold in he hand . spider monkey Flowers for the dead , senor ? camera Pov ( close on ashe' eye ) ashe stare directly into the camera . spider monkey no ? suite yourself , then . spider monkey tuck the flower behind he ear . Danny be praying now , mumbling a Catholic School litany . spider monkey you be waste you breath , angelito . nobody up there 's listen . whoosh ! we cut to a extreme high - angle shot - God 's omniscient Pov , perhaps . curve lean up against he motorcycle a few yard away - big , burly , shave head , a ciggie hang from he lip . he 's get a custom paint - job on he pearl drop gas tank - a buxom blonde do the " wild thing " with the grim reaper . Curve 's also the one who just dust himself curve ( hype on drug ) let 's get this over with . judah 's wait . kali , a cold - eye heavy - metal femme with a killer 's casual stoicism , be methodically load bullet into she revolver . she 's take she own sweet time , in defiance of Curve . there 's a tension between they . finally , she flick she wrist , snap the revolver shut . kali walk up to they ... danny I be scared , dad . ashe I know ... ashe turn to he executioner , plead with they ... ashe listen to I , please . he 's just a kid . let he go . he can not hurt you . he do not even know who you be ... ... and put a bullet through Danny 's chest . ashe scream . ashe no !!! Danny 's body slump forward , drag ashe down next to he . ashe stare into he son 's lifeless eye . Curve saunter over , stare down at ashe , flick he cigarette butt off into the water . curve nothing personal , sport . guess you be just in the wrong place at the wrong time . bang ! bang ! bang ! Curve fire a gun into ashe 's back . as ashe crumple ... curve dump them . let 's get this cluster - fuck on the road . curve motion to kali and spider monkey . together , the three of they heave ashe and Danny into the ocean . curve bon voyage , shithead . ext . ocean depth - night ashe and Danny sink down into the murky underworld , take they place amongst a thousand other deep - six dream . ashe' Pov fall further and further away from the light of the surface world . bit by bit , ashe 's struggle subside . all we hear now be a ever-slow heartbeat . darkness begin to close in around we , womblike , peaceful ... ... and out of the darkness , something take shape - a crow . wing its way from ashe 's dream - like death up through watery depth into a smog-bound cityscape ... ext . CITY of angel - night the crow fly over a bridge with span the styx - the city 's pollute , man-made river . the crow ride the thermal above a urban sprawl rive by fire , flood , and earthquake . smog hang in the air like a army of ever- present ghost . we pass over a roof where someone have paint a smart - ass welcome mat for the benefit of anyone fly overhead - " go back " . nevertheless , we continue on . sarah ( v.o . ) they say that time cancel pain . I do not know about that . eight year ago I lose two of my best friend . two thousand mile later I find I be still live in the past ... the crow sweep down into man-made cavern of pigeon - shit concrete and grimy glass . through the bird 's eye we glimpse the city 's silent homeless . automobile hulk littering the street like insect husk . the shifting searchlight of police helicopter ... we pass over sarah' rooftop the crow circle downward ... sarah ( v.o . ) every night when I close my eye the dream come . that 's how the dead talk to we , I guess . in the dark , when we soul be off wander ... int . sarah' loft - night the crow land next to a open window . it perches on the edge , look into the loft . sarah ( v.o . ) I just wish I understand what they be tell I . crow' Pov ( anamorphic ) sarah , early 20 , lie asleep in bed . she stir , troubled by uneasy dream , roll over , open she eye ... int . sarah' loft , sleeping area - night as Sarah rise the crow flit away like yesterday 's memory . Sarah 's not sure whether or not she dream the bird . gabriel , the cat Sarah inherite from Eric and shelly , be perch on the end of the bed . sarah hey , Gabriel ... Sarah give the cat a obligatory behind - the- ear scratch , then climb from bed , make she way across the loft . sarah' artist loft be furnish in thrift - store treasure . the loft have a earthy warmth to it , in stark contrast to the urban decay outside - a island amidst a sea of unrest , dominate by a arching half - circle window through which Sarah can view the local wildlife on the street below . on sarah' canvass turbulent oil reminiscent of history 's brood symbolist painter . give Sarah 's childhood inspiration , the subject matter be no real surprise . camera isolate a work - in-progress . the painting depict a woman resembling Sarah be cradle in the arm of she pale - face lover , surround by a sea of watchful dead . sarah reach the shower , strip off she clothes . her back and upper arm be decorate with graceful tattoo work - a pair of black angel wing sweeping over she shoulder blade . she 's get a ring in she navel , another in a nipple ... in short , the skate - waif we know back in Detroit have mature quite a bit since that fateful Devil 's night . Sarah shut here eye , turn she face up into the spray . for a brief second we see a flash of ... ext . dock , commercial waterfront - night ashe 's death . plung into the icy water , down into darkness . just as suddenly we be back in ... int . sarah' loft - night Sarah 's eye snap open . she hold a hand out to the shower wall , take a moment to collect herself . Troubled , Sarah climb from the shower , shrug on some clothes . among she accourterment be a necklace feature a silver ankh , the symbol of eternity . as Sarah site in front of she vanity we catch sight of the irony mask that use to hang by shelly 's mirror . next to the mask be a ... tarnished wedding ring once shelly 's . there 's a inscription inside - " forever " . Sarah finger the ring a moment , glance at the irony mask . lot of memory . lot of ghost . Gabriel creep up , meowing forlornly . sarah ( wistfully ) I too . she thread the ring onto she necklace , let it fall next to the ankh , then slip the silver chain over she head . Sarah stand , pull on a jacket , head out . ext . sarah' loft , STREET - dusk a ill - wind kick up trash and grit . Sarah glance down . dozen of the glassine imp envelope swirl around Sarah 's foot like confetti . one of the envelope have stick to she heel . as she peel it off , she catch sight of ... a pale face in a shadow entryway . it 's a teenaged girl ( 16 ) , strung out on drug . the girl cower in a narrow stairway , hugging herself , shiver from withdrawal . Sarah draw closer , notice some of the grin imp drug sachet at the girl 's foot . the girl shy away , frighten , suspicious . sarah ( dryly ) Nice place you have get here . grace ( a muttere whisper ) no place else to go . Sarah can not help but recognize a part of herself in this lose soul . sarah gotta name ? grace Grace . so what ? sarah listen , Grace , how do some hot coffee sound ? maybe a little food ? grace what do you want ? sarah nothing . guess you just remind I of someone I use to know . after a moment , Grace offer a reluctant nod . Sarah help she from the entryway , into the warmth of the die light . Grace blink , shield she eye . as they walk away down the street , camera rise up to include ... the crow perch on a nearby rooftop , watch they . CUT to : ext . gray gargoyle tattoo shop - night the gargoyle be a usassume ink shop - the sole oasis of light in a otherwise desolate block populate by derelict warehouse building . flicker neon buzy in the window . nearby be a batter road sign - " end CITY limit " . someone have spray-paint " of the fucking world " over " city limit " . in the distance , the bridge of the River styx rise through the mist like a skeletal dinosaur . super title : " october 30 th - LA noche do LA santa muerte " int . gray gargoyle tattoo shop - night close on a sparking tattoo " gun " , the needle whirring as it travel over a patch of vaseline - smear skin . sarah ( v.o . ) almost finish . do okay ? customer ( v.o . ) yeah , sting a little . sarah ( v.o . ) that 's why they call I the mistress of pain . pull back to reveal Sarah expertly guide the needle , wear glass , surgical glove , concentrate . Sarah 's buzz-head customer sit in a ratty dentist 's chair . Sarah be finish coloring a japanese dragon which wind its way over the man 's forearm . she make another line of color then sit back , smoothing more vaseline over the man 's arm . she pick up a jeweler 's loupe , make a adjustment on she needle ... behind Sarah we glimpse the cluttere tattoo shop - wall cover with sheet of flash ( ready - make art ) , bookshelve cramme with reference work . Sarah 's partner , noah , a chain -smoke proto-punk Brit , consult with a young grunge couple . later - noah be close up shop , while Sarah sterilize some needle in a autoclave . noah what a downer - this kid want I to tattoo " if you be read this , you be too close " on he bleedin ' bum ! Sarah smile . noah fire up a fag , flop down into a dentist chair . the two slip into a familiar , good - nature banter . noah Christ , I be knacker . sarah beat push ink in Detroit . noah that it do , princess , that it do . ( remembering ) oh , I buy you a little present ... noah reach into he shirt pocket and pull something out . it 's a handmade candy sugar skull with a little strip of paper glue to the bottom - a fortune . noah they do them for the Day of the Dead . ( toss the skull to Sarah ) Nice , huh ? necrophagia , princess . eat the dead . sarah ( read fortune ) " life be just a dream on the way to death . " I like that . Sarah study the skull , then pop it in she mouth , nodd . noah rise , stretch . noah want to grab a beer , then ? sarah no , I gotta go home . have not be sleep much lately . noah so , what 's the dirty dog 's name ? sarah I have just be have some weird dream . ( reflecting ) you ever dream that you be die someone else 's death ? outside we hear a motorcycle pull up , then someone knock on the front door . noah ( call out ) sorry , we be close . curve appear outside . he pound harder on the door . curve open the fuck door ! noah stand , move to the door . noah look , I say we be ... bang ! Curve kick open the door and storm in . he punch noah in the nose , then head straight for Sarah . curve you think what you do to I be funny ? some kind of joke ? sarah what be you talk about ?! curve I be talk about the fuck tattoo you give I ! I take off the bandage . look ...!!! Curve rip open he shirt , revealing he chest . curve's tattoo it 's a crow , render in bold slashes of black . or be it ? upon closer examination the crow look like something else - two demon fight . the design be a classic ambiguous figure - like the picture of the woman in front of a vanity which can also be see as a skull . sarah a crow ... damn right , it 's a crow . and do I ask for a fuck bird on my chest ? do I ?! Sarah shake she head . curve then what - the-fuck be it do there ?! sarah I do not know , I be just go from the design you give I ... smack ! Curve backhand Sarah across the face . noah rush forward , blood still run from he nose . noah stop it ! Curve pull a automatic from he waist - band and point the gun at noah . noah freeze ... curve what 's it go to be , hero ? ready to kiss you faggot - ass good - bye ? I think so . I think you be shitting yourself you be so goddamn ready . Curve snap open a imp bag of he favorite drug , snort up the content . he press the gun against noah 's forehead . sarah ( o.s. ) over here , ass-hole ... as Curve turn , Sarah squeeze a bottle of tattoo ink into the killer 's eye , blind he . curve agh !!! shit !!! Sarah plant one of she Doc marten boot in Curve 's groin . he scream , double over . Sarah pull the automatic from he grasp and train it on he . sarah get up . Curve cup he ball , slowly rise . his eye be glow with manic intensity . a slow smile creep across Curve 's face . he back away towards the front door . curve shoulda kill I while you have the chance , sugarplum . be see you . Curve smashes he fist into the neon sign , then duck out thedoor . moment later we hear he motorcycle roar to life . he take off , engine scream away into the night . Sarah lower the gun , take a deep breath , look to noah . sarah you okay ? noah wipe he bloody nose , look to the floor where Curve discard the drug sachet , shake he head in disgust . noah fuck I , wonder what they will be snort next ? Sarah shake she head , at wit end . sarah I just can not do this anymore ... I be so tired of this . noah pull Sarah toward he , give she a big hug . noah easy there , love . it will all work out . ext . gray gargoyle , - night Sarah , still clutching Curve 's gun , hurry to she galaxy 500 which be park along the nearby train track . int . sarah' galaxy - night Sarah move behind the wheel , dump the gun on the seat , and rest she head in she hand . as Sarah raise she head ... sarah' Pov ( through windshield ) the crow be perch on the hood of she car . Sarah honk she horn in frustration . the crow do not move . ext . gray gargoyle , alleyway - night Sarah rush out of she car , scream at the bird . sarah get out of here ! go !!! Sarah fire a wild shot into the sky . the crow file off into the night . Sarah collapse against the hood of she galaxy and start to cry . CUT to : ext . cityscape - night the crow soar away from the gargoyle , toward the beckone light of downtown . in the distance , a flash " jesus save " sign draw we attention to a monolithic tower . ext . judah' tower , campanile - night the crow make its way towards the decaye tower , which be crown by a weather - wear campanile . the campanile be a complex arabesque of rusted iron scrollwork , like something Antonio gaudi conjure up from a art nouveau fever -dream . just as the crow be about to reach the campanile , it bank away . we , however , continue to rush onward , right through one of the dark opening in the scrollwork ... int . judah' tower , campanile - night scritch ! scritch ! all we see be black , then some vague , shiny reflection ... camera pull back to reveal a stag beetle , imprison within a box , leash to a nail with a piece of thread . we be tight on its shiny carapace . the beetle strain at its leash , move in a perpetual circle around the nail . camera move up over the side of the box . although mere inch in height , this enclosure might as well be the great Wall as far as we little member of the coleoptera be concerned . as the camera continue to pull back we see crime lord judah Earl 's lair in all its sepulchral glory ... Dark , fill with shadow . the decor be a cross between ruinous palatial splendor and a soho industrial art installation . the upper reach of the campanile be lace with a spiderweb network of steel girder . look close enough and you might see people bound to the support pillar , like the half - glimpse shape crouching at the foot of you bed in the middle of the night . voice draw we attention to a area partition off by chain - mail curtain . camera move in towards a break in the curtain . we linger there for a tantalize moment ... judah ( v.o . ) talk to I , sibyl . tell I what you see . sibyl ( v.o . ) I see death return from the veil of tear . he have you name on he tongue . now we plunge in through the curtain ... the " camera " consist of a series of lense and mirror which project image from the outside world onto a circular table , offer the ultimate voyeuristic view of the crumble cityscape . two figure stand with they back to we , study the camera 's view . the first be ... judah earl , a sinewy , slash - mouth byronic figure with a guttural voice . Old before he time , touch by childhood vision of he own death . the tower be judah 's prison in more way than one . sibyl , judah 's blind oracle , wait by he side . attractive , though of indeterminate sex . his / she dour feature be hide beneath a black cowl . judah ( fatalistic ) it 's finally beginning , be not it ? what mask will death wear , can you tell I that ? sibyl I see the face of one of you victim . judah lift he head up and we see he luminous amber eye for the first time . a kind of madness dance within they . judah all my sin remember . CUT to : int . sarah' loft - night Sarah sit in bed , cigarette burn in one hand , a half - fill wine glass in the other . she turn out she light , look to the window and the cityscape beyond - as if the answer be lie out there in the steam - cloak street . CUT to : someone's speed-induced Pov . performer flaunt they flesh on a raise stage . crowd of sexual libertine and cutting edge fetishist writhe as one on the dance floor . lot of rubber , latex strap bodice , victorian hoop skirt - it 's a modern - day De sade 's wet-dream . reverse angle on Curve as he push he way upstairs and through the tangle of flesh . he pull up to a bar , take a seat alongside kali and spider monkey ( who 's amusing himself with a viewmaster ) . click , click - we see monkey' Pov - as the 3 - D tableaus rotate into position the bartender , a barrel - chest samoan , set a drink down in front of Curve , nod a greeting . Curve sit back , open he shirt , nudge spider monkey . curve spider monkey , what 's this tattoo look like to you ? spider monkey this a test ? curve come on , man , just tell I what you see . spider monkey inspect Curve 's chest . spider monkey a bird . curve ( annoyed ) think about it a minute . do not you see two demon ? spider monkey nope . I see a bird . curve ah , fuck you , then . Curve lift up he beer bottle . ecu from within the beer as the amber liquid rush towards we ... dissolve to : ext . underwater realm - night Air bubbles escape , blood . ashe be drown again , the orb of he eye bulg outward . over this we hear a woman' scream and ... int . sarah' loft - night Sarah bolt up in bed , knock she wine glass to the floor , shatter it . she 's choke , gasp for breath . her heart be hammer within she chest . sarah ...ohgodohgodohgod ... suddenly she catch sight of a shadow on the wall before she - a giant bird slowly spread its black wing . Sarah turn to the window . the crow be perch just outside . sarah what do you want from I ?! the crow caw , then take flight . close on sarah calm now , realization and a sense of purpose dawn . CUT to : ext . dock , commercial waterfront - night we descend towards the empty dock , push out into the mist - shroud water , then down into the ocean 's murky depth . presently the body of ashe and danny come into view , catch up in a tangle of razor wire . close on ashe' face unalter by the ravage of time . his eyelid flicker , dream . a single tear escape , flow down he cheek . we push on inside he head ... we see brief memory flash of he and Danny together ... int . ashe' garage - night / day ( memories ) Danny stretch out on the floor of they garage , painting a picture ... Danny and ashe rough-house , have a water fight ... Danny sit in ashe 's lap as ashe read aloud from a story . ashe ( reading ) " ... midway through we life 's journey I come to myself within a dark wood where the straight way be lose ... " Danny asleep , curl up next to he father . ashe reach out and stroke Danny 's hair ... close on ashe' face his dead eye suddenly open . confusion . pain . fear . a stream of bubbles rush from he mouth , obscure we view . ashe' Pov as the bubbles clear , Danny 's face come into focus just a few inch from he own . ashe panic , jerk back . the razor - wire barb cut into he flesh . the more he struggle , the tighter the coil become , slashing he hand and face , shredd he clothes . he 's catch in he son 's embrace , the two of they thrashing about in a grotesque underwater ballet . CUT to : ext . river styx bridge - night the headlight of Sarah 's galaxy cut through the fog . she pull up just in time to see the crow disappear into the mist which cloak the bridge . Sarah follow , try to keep up with the bird . CUT to : ext . under water - night ashe 's struggle become more and more violent . he thrashes , churn up a cloud of bubbles . we be intercutte quickly now , between ashe 's turmoil and ... CUT to : ext . dock , commercial waterfront - night Sarah reach the pier where ashe and Danny be execute . she climb from she car ... the crow fly on ahead , landing atop one of the pile , stare down into the water . and as sarah start toward the bird we ... CUT to : ext . under water - night ashe tear he hand free , claw he body away from the barbwire , swim to the surface in a storm of bubbles ... flashbacks of subjective pove . the killer walk down the jetty , march ashe and Danny to they death and ... ext . dock , commercial district - night we be beneath the jetty now in the present , look up through the slat as a figure ( Sarah ? ) make its way to the water ... camera crane up from beneath the jetty to reveal Sarah stand there in silhouette ... ext . under water - night ashe be propel towards the surface . ext . dock commercial waterfront - night ashe suddenly burst from the sea with he arm outstretch . a hellish venus on the half - shell . gasp , full of terror and rage . he let loose a torture howl . ashe dig he finger into the wood - rot pulp of the piling and claw he way up to the jetty . he collapse down onto the wood slat . ashe crouch before we , he face hide from view . he reach out he hand , touch a unmistakable blood stain ... Danny 's blood stain . this triggers more painful memory ... ext . dock , commercial waterfront - night image from ashe and Danny 's execution assault he . bang !!! kali firing she gun . ashe scream . Danny 's body slumping forward like a marionette whose string have be severe . CUT to : ext . dock , commercial waterfront - night ( present ) ashe lift he head , wailing . he 's cover from head to toe in ocean-bottom silt . blood from the razor - wire wound have smear across he face in pattern which eerily recall the crow make - up . strip of the wire still cling to he arm and chest , the barb bury deep in he flesh . reliving the violent moment be more than he mind can bear . ashe 's eye roll up into he head . the world spin around he . but even as the light be go out , ashe glimpsis ... a dark figure stand in front of he . it 's the last thing ashe see before consciousness escape he . sarah emerge from the shadow , stare down at ashe in wonder . CUT to black : super title : " october 31st - all hallow eve " int . sarah' loft - dusk ashe open he eye . the mud-silt which cover he face have dry and crack , cause it to crumble away in flake . ashe be lie on a cot in the middle of the loft . we see scattered image : candle burn , a reilgious altar overflow with trinket , mirror , mannequin , canvase , and finally ... gabriel perch at the end of the bed , watch ashe intently . sarah sit on the other side of the loft in a paint -smear work - shirt , brush in hand . she 's study a half - finish canvas , contemplate she next move . canvas the eerie scene depict a woman on she death - bed be cradle in the arm of she ghostly lover . Sarah tense , feel ashe 's eye burn into the back of she neck . she turn around , see ashe . ashe ( disoriented ) ... who be you ? sarah my name 's Sarah . I have a dream about you . I see they shoot you and you son ... ( beat ) ... I see you drown . ash shut he eye a moment , try to recall the imagery . ext . dock , commercial waterfront - night ( flashback ) bang ! bang ! bang ! Curve fire a gun into ashe 's chest . ashe crumple and we be back at ... int . sarah' loft - dusk ashe look down at he chest , trace he finger over the area where bullet hole should be . instead , he find a series of indent welt . ashe how do I survive ? Sarah suddenly come to the terrible realization that ashe do not know he have die . sarah ( come towards he ) you do not . ashe look up at Sarah , uncomprehend . sarah you be dead . ashe no ... ashe stand , enraged . he start toward Sarah . she back away ... ashe stop look at I that way -- stop look -- this be not real , none of this be real ! I be dream this . sarah ( shaking she head , frighten ) no . the two of the struggle a moment , ashe push Sarah back . Sarah reach for he , try to restrain he , try to somehow keep he rise terror in check ... she 's not get through to he , he can not be make to listen ... finally , Sarah grab a kitchen knife from the counter and plunge it into ashe 's chest . ashe gasp . he stare down at the incongruous sight of a knife- handle stickout out from he sternum , then he yank the knife back out . no pain . no wound . a moment of shock , then ... ashe ( look at she , a torture whisper ) I be dream this . Sarah try to reach for ashe again . he tear away from she , fling she back and run for the door . ext . sarah' loft - night ashe stumble from the doorway out onto the sidewalk . he rush blindly up the street . camera whip - pan from the flee ashe to Sarah 's window . on a pillar outside , the crow be wait ... int . sarah' loft - night Sarah rush to the window , watch ashe run . she sees the crow perch below she . it take wing , fly after ashe ... CUT to : ext . bridge / garage - night beneath the arching span of a freeway bridge be a series of corrugate iron shed . camera follows as ashe , exhaust for he run , make he way towards they . the crow fly on ahead , landing next to one of the door , beckone ... ashe slide one of the rattling door open ... int . garage - night as light spill in , we catch a glimpse of the humble auto repair garage - tool , a few wreck - in - progress , a motorcycle ... camera isolate a tempera painting on the floor that 's be execute on construction paper . a brush and a collection of paint canister be scattered around it , like the kind you might find in a primary school art class . ashe kneel next to the painting ... close on painting a image render by a child 's optimistic imagination - a crude father and sone , respectively label " dad " and " I " . a footprint mar the otherwise perfect memento . ashe touch the figure label " I " , which triggers ... int . garage - night ( flashback ) ashe be work beneath a car . Danny be sprawle on the floor . he hold up the painting in question . danny hey , dad ... what color should I make the sun ? ashe Blue . danny there 's no such thing . ashe ( playful ) no . well there should be . just then we hear a gunshot come from outside . danny ( wide eye ) what be that ? Danny climb to he foot , move outside ... ashe Danny , wait ! ashe slide out from under the car . ext . garage - night ( flashback ) from the back doorway , ashe and Danny catch sight of Curve and he crew execute someone beneath the freeway overpass . Curve 's face be splatter with blood . he turn and see they ... curve see no evil . ext . dock , commercial waterfront - night ( flashback ) now we be back at the pier . the memory flash be come faster and faster . Danny be sobbing once again . danny's voice I be sorry , dad ... I be sorry ... we see kali raise she gun . bang ! there 's the muzzle flash ! ashe scream ... ashe no !!! curve's voice nothing personal , sport . smash CUT to : int . garage - night ( present ) ashe be tear the place apart , sobbing , knock over rack of tool . finally , he sink to he knee , he face a mask of tear . ashe spin , murderous rage in he eye . never startle a animal , right ? sarah stand in the doorway . ashe why be you here ? sarah I do not know . she stop herself -- she do know , she just do not want to admit it to herself . sarah I want to help you . I need to . Sarah approach , drop by ashe 's side . she see Danny 's painting which ashe cradle protectively . ashe look up at Sarah , he eye full of question . ashe everything 's so confuse ... ( anguish , touch the draw ) Danny ... sarah he 's not here anymore . Sarah draw closer , touch by ashe 's inner struggle . she reach out to he , draw he into she arm . he stare up at she , eye distant . ashe there 's no moon ... Sarah touch ashe 's face , calming he , try to reach through he pain . sarah you have be give another chance , ashe -- to put the wrong thing right ... Sarah 's eye drop to the canister of paint which have be scattered nearby . she reach for the canister of white and unscrew the lid , dip she finger inside ... Sarah 's re-creation of the irony war mask have a oddly ritualistic feel to it . yet the act be also quite erotic , for the mutual attraction between this two batter soul be almost palpable . as Sarah continue to speak , she begin to paint ashe 's face use Danny 's art supplies . we see this transformation in bit and piece - a eye here , finger dip into the canister of white there , ruby lip be smear with black ... ... the face that be take shape be both similar to and different from Eric 's . it 's the legacy of the crow , as funnel through ashe 's own , unique pain . sarah I believe there have always be people like you ... Sarah have finish . she sit back , surveying she work ... sarah it 's the pain that bring people back . it make we strong again . close on ashe' face as he turn towards we . a slash of light illuminate the signature black and white war-paint of the crow in all its glory . ashe look like a dark saint . CUT to : ext . freeway overpass - night ashe rocket beneath the gothic arch of the freeway overpass on he motorcycle , hellfire burn in he eye , he coat flap behind he like a fall angel 's wing . the crow fly alongside ashe . the crow land on a telephone wire , study the warehouse . presently we hear ashe 's motorcycle approach , then we see the front wheel of he bike pull into the foreground . crow' Pov ( anamorphic ) ashe turn to the crow , slyly give the bird the thumb - up sign ... match CUT to ... int . spider monkey' warehouse lab - night CA - chunk , CA - chunk , ca-chunk . close on a sheet of glassine drug bag as a hand - power printing press come down , mass - produce the image of the imp give we the thumb up ... pull back to reveal the lab set up in a maze of barrell . the wall be stain from the toxic fume . black - out window sweat with moisture . there be heating mantle rig with flask and condenser , vacuum pump - along with ingredient like battery acid , paint thin , and epsom salt . nearby be dozen of 50 - gallon drum contain the finish product . spider monkey be work away at the printing press , pause to snoot some of judah 's drug . nearby be a old tv feature lurid video of amateur bull riding - we watch as a drunken participant get gore . suddenly the power in the lab go out , the tv screen sputter and go dark . spider monkey Ono ! ashe ( o.s. ) ' my mother be accurse the night she bore I and I be faint with envy of all the dead ' . spider monkey whirl around , startle . ashe be sit cross -legge on one of the table , grin like a black leather buddha . ashe tell I , monkey . do the corpse have a familiar face ? spider monkey who the fuck be you ? ashe you have to learn to look beyond the mask . ashe jump down from the table , walk into the light . spider monkey 's eye widen in recognition . spider monkey no way , man ... we put you under ... you and that little snot - nose kid ... ashe dip he hand into one of the 50 - gallon drum . he blow a handful of the trinity dust at spider monkey . spider monkey , terminally spook , reach back to the counter behind he , search for something ... ashe look for this ? ashe hold up a pistol and put it to he head . ashe ( a evil grin ) do not try this at home , kid . boom ! ashe put a bullet through he own forehead . his head snap backward and he body collapse onto the floor . spider monkey creep forward toward ashe 's body ... ashe spring from the ground , slamming spider monkey against a table of chemical . bottle shatter on the floor , spilling they toxic content . spider monkey what be you ?! what the fuck be you ?! ashe lean in so he 's eye to eye with spider monkey . ashe I be not sure at first . now I know . I be the boil man , monkey . I be the plague of darkness and the death of the first -born . all you nightmare roll into one . ashe remove a wooden match from he inside coat pocket . he scrape he thumb - nail over the head , ignite it . spider monkey whoa ... this shit 's flammable ! look , look , what do you want ? ashe the other . who be they ? spider monkey nemo . kali. judah . and Curve . ashe I will start with nemo , then work my way up the food chain . where be he ? spider monkey nemo ? nemo 's a old gash-hound . he hang out at the peep-o - rama on deacon Street ! whoosh ! ashe blow the match out . ashe congratulation , monkey . you just buy yourself a fight chance . ashe reach into he coat pocket , pull out a deck of card . he fan they out , point ... ashe pick a card , monkey . spider monkey slowly extend he hand , half - expect ashe to pounce on he . he pull a card out . spider monkey toss the card down , face up . he 's get the Jack of heart . he smile tentatively . ashe pull out a card of he own and flip it around - the King of club . ashe Lady luck 's a bitch . ashe produce another wooden match . spider monkey aw , Jesus , c'mon , man ! ashe you be waste you breath , angelito . nobody 's up there listen . close on match as ashe scrape he thumb - nail over the head ... ext . spider monkey' warehouse lab - night a explosion rip through the front of the lab , spilling roiling cloud of FIRE out into the street . the blacken window shatter outward in a hail STORM of glass ... ashe emerge from the raging conflagration , walk right through the flame , indifferent to the heat . a flurry of the tiny glassine drug bag swirl around he like snow . the crow spiral down from a telephone wire , landing atop the handlebar of ashe 's motorcycle . ashe lift he head to the night sky , laugh . his clothes be still smoking . CUT to : int . gray gargoyle - night Sarah be work at one of the draw table . noah be mixing pigment . sarah' sketch pad she 's work on a rendering of ashe . she sit back ... sarah ... and all the world will be in love with night ... sarah stare at the drawing . sarah do you believe in fate , noah ? noah ( considering ) seeem to I it 's more a question of fate believe in you . Sarah rise , reach for she bag . as she head for the exit , noah reach for the sketch . he smoothes it out , study the image awhile as we ... CUT to : ext . spider monkey' warehouse lab - night the demolish building be still burn strong . Curve arrive on the scene , dismount he motorcycle . close on curve as he study the shattered glass which litter the asphalt . the fire be reflect in the fragment . with a grow sense of dread , Curve look from the glass to the tattoo on he chest . he touch the crow tattoo . scene from above - now we see that the glass shard have fall in a array that be anything but random . the shard have take the shape of a large crow . CUT to : the crow fly past a line of palm tree which burst into flame . CUT to : int . judah' tower , campanile - night two zipper -masked women be frolick on a bed , act out a elaborate bondage fantasy . pull back to include ... a video camera recording the pornographic act for posterity . pull further back to include ... judah loung on a couch a few dozen yard away , watch the woman on four video monitor , detach and twice remove from the sex play . curve enter from out of the shadow . judah look up to he . curve bad news . judah illuminate I . curve someone torch the lab on Manchester . spider monkey 's a fuck crispy critter . judah monkey I could care less about . what about we merchandise ? curve a total loss . sibyl ( o.s. ) he leave a sign , do not he ? judah look to sibyl who be stand nearby . curve ( rise , uneasy ) I do not know what you be talk about . sibyl yes you do . you have see it . sibyl point a accuse finger at Curve 's chest . sibyl you have be mark . curve ( even more agitate ) Jesus Christ , judah , why the fuck to you listen to she ?! judah because she speak the truth . judah rise swiftly from he chair . he snag a handful of Curve 's shirt and rip it open , revealing the crow tattoo . judah what 's this , Curve ? a beauty mark ? sibyl you enemy wear the mask of the crow . the bird of ill-omen . close on judah as the word sink in . he stride across the floor , sweeping aside one of the curtain surround the camera obscura . judah the crow . death 's avatar . I have hear the legend . judah look down at a view of the seethe landscape . judah let he come , then . CUT to : ext . peep -o-rama porn shop - night the peep -o - rama occupy a old japanese movie house . a geisha-girl sign flash over the marquee . beneath that be a blink neon eye which open and close . other sign offer enticement like " only 25 cent a peep ! " and " real girl working there way through college ! " as nemo approach , a laconic hindu with a throat microphone sit outside , recite he tired schpiel . hindu token for the buddy booth , live girl . token for the buddy booth , live girl ... nemo hand the hindu a twenty . int . buddy booth - night nemo enter a cramped booth , clutching a handful of token emboss with the peep -o - rama eye logo on they . there 's a seat , a box of kleenex , a phone , and a grimy plexiglas window with a metal shutter over it . nemo start pop token into the slot next to the window , pocket the rest of they . with a whir the metal shutter rise , revealing a woman in a garter - belt get - up perch on a stool . in a forgive light , she might even be beautiful . a LED display start count down from sixty - the second remain on the metere shutter . nemo pick up the receiver . nemo you get a name ? woman Holly daze . do you want I , baby ? nemo I need to see some sugar . Holly shrug out of she bra , plant she scuff - up high heel on either side of the window , run she hand up and down she body , utter some tired - ass moan . nemo right on , sister ... nemo unbuckle he belt , drop he drawer ... holly ( eyeing he endowment ) mmmm . be that for I ? nemo yeah , we be gonna celebrate Christmas a little early this year . holly keep do that , honey , you will go blind . CUT to : int . peep -o-rama buddy booth - night Holly be still moaning . over on the LED display , nemo 's time have just about expire . holly time 's almost up , lover . better hurry up with that token . nemo shitfire ... nemo fumble with he pants , scoops out some more token ... too late , the shutter be already close . nemo feed some more token into the slot . nothing happen . nemo punch the LED display . nemo come on , fucker ! the shutter start rattling up again , only this time ... ashe be stand on the other side of the plexiglas . his mouth split into a evil grin . ashe " do you want I , baby ? " nemo 's eye just about pop from he skull . nemo you . ashe me. crash ! ashe slam he fist through the plexiglas window , reach for nemo 's throat . int . peep -o-rama , hallway - night nemo come fly out the booth door . he struggle to rise . a chorus of orgasmic sigh and cheesy surf music drift out from the other booth . zeke ( o.s . ) hey , mime boy . at the front counter . zeke , the peep -o - rama 's corpulent manager , be cradling a saw - off shotgun . boom ! he blow a blast into ashe 's chest ! ashe start toward Zeke , unfaze . Zeke move to fire again ... ashe snatch the shotgun from the fat man 's grasp , smash he in the face with the butt -end . Zeke fall back into a video display , send a avalanche of porno tape raining down on top of he . seize the moment , nemo rush for the exit ... ashe spin , pump the shotgun , blow out one of nemo 's kneecap . nemo collapse on the floor , wail like a child . ashe stride over to he . ashe one crow sorrow ... he heave nemo through a glass display booth fill with sex toy . ashe punctuate each line of the nursery rhyme with a new assault on nemo . ashe ... two crow joy ... nemo start drag he break body across the floor . he find himself face to face with a anatomically - correct blow - up sex doll - the kind with a build - in pre-record memory chip . doll ooh , oh baby , I like it like that . you be so good . you be so good ... ashe Three crow a letter , four crow a boy ... ashe heave nemo back the other way , send he smashing into the front counter . peep -o - rama token go fly , bounce and spin every which way ... close on a spinning token on one side of the coin the eye be open , on the other it 's close - this create the illusion of the eye blink . ashe five crow silver , six crow gold ... nemo utter a half - sob and roll over , feebly wiping away the blood which be clouding he eye . ashe Seven crow a secret never to be tell . nemo ... please , please just stop ... ashe pries open nemo 's eye with he finger . ashe you kill my son , nemo . you take away the only piece of light leave in my soul . nemo we have to ! judah 's order . never leave any witness ! we do not have a choice ! ashe we always have a choice . ashe plunge he finger into nemo 's eye - kill he off - camera . he lift up he now blood - cover hand and turn ... just then , Holly daze burst out into the hall . she see ashe and yelp , certain she number 's up . ashe grab she by the wrist , spin she around . holly daze ( cringing ) ...no ... ashe touch she face and see a split-second flash of ... holly daze dancing jump - cut bump and grind , cat - call , laughter , the distort face of man leer with they hungry eye , tongue and sweaty palm and heavy breath and I wanna be you fuck dog , baby , and ... bang ! ashe shut he eye , reeling ... ashe look up at Holly - one victim to another . his eye burn a laser beam into she soul . ashe if you value what you have lose , you will walk away from this place and never look back . Holly daze nod with conviction . ashe release she . she bolt like a rabbit flushed from cover . CUT to : ext . peep -o-rama - night Curve roar up on he motorcycle , follow by kali and a car-load of enforcers . the team grab they weapon , head for the porno shop ... kali Inside ! kali lead the crew of killer into the porno shop . but Curve stop , sense something . he spin around ... the crow be sit atop one of the car , watch he . int . peep -o-rama , back corridor - night kali and Curve move down the dark corridor . the porn actress voice from the vid-booth continue they orgiastic moan , but one voice in particular stand out . kali nemo ? doll voice ooh , oh baby , you be so good ... camera find nemo' body at the end of the corridor , loung in the arm of the sex doll which be still repeat its tinny refrain . nemo 's neck have be snap and he head hang at a awkward angle . doll ...oh ! oh yea , that 's the spot . do I , baby . do I . there 's a fold piece of paper shove into nemo 's mouth . Curve pries it out . the paper unfold like one of that snowflake cut -out we use to make in grade school - only this cut - out be of a crow . written across the paper crow be the follow word : " I know why jesus wept " a phone on the wall be ringing . ringing and ringing . finally , Curve lean in , snatch up he receiver ... ashe' voice do you know what they call a gather of crow , Curve ? at the sound of ashe 's voice , Curve 's eye widen with fear . ashe' voice a murder . a murder of crow . think about it . click ! the line go dead . furious , Curve tear the phone from the wall , heaving it across the porno shop . CUT to : ext . STREET / church - night ashe exit a phone booth , leave the receiver dangle . a dog bark nearby , follow by the sound of child laughing . ashe turn and see ... a group of child run away , giggle , they footstep recede into the night . a black dog trot toward ashe . the child have tie a plastic skull mask to the dog 's head . the skull dog trot up the street towards ... a SMALL , inner -city latino church sandwich between two derelict building . the door be open - there 's a path of marigold petal lead up the front step . the skull dog trot up the step and enter . int . church - night ashe move into the sanctuary . he watch from the rear , entrance . people be scattered amongst the pews . at the altar be a lavish offrenda - a offer of food and drink for the wander dead decorate with sugar skull and floral garland . amidst the decoration be photo of depart love one . there be tier of candle surround this , score of they . a elderly priest emerge from a confessional , look to ashe with a raise eyebrow ... " next ? " . priest can I help you ? ashe I be sorry , Father , I be just watch ... priest we door be open . the Priest move to a candelabra and light some taper . ashe what be this for ? priest dias de los muertos , the day of the Dead . we light the candle for we love one - so that they might find they way back to earth and share in the pleasure of the live . ashe watch a old woman place a toy motorcycle in front of a picture of a child . priest tomorrow night we will celebrate . the people will dance , sing ... ( indicate ashe 's makeup ) ... many will wear mask . ashe why ? priest some spirit linger here too long . they become confuse , mistake themselves for the live . they have to be frighten away . the priest nod to ashe and move down the aisle to the next candelabra . a little boy be watch ashe from one of the back pews . he clutches a stripe ball . he drop it . the boy roll the ball across the floor to ashe . ashe kneel and catch it , roll it back . the boy smile . boy Santa muerte . unnerve , ashe retreat out of the sanctuarly , let the night 's shadow swallow he up once more . CUT to : int . sarah' loft - night Sarah sit by she painting . Gabriel suddenly stand , arching he back , hair stand on end . ashe appear on the ledge of the break window , crouching there like a gargoyle in silhouette . sarah ( hesitant , but relieved ) you come back ... ashe Heaven would not have I and Hell be afraid I would take the place over . ashe drop into the loft . ashe I need to see you again . ashe move towards Sarah 's painting , pause to study the one of the woman be cradle in the arm of she ghostly lover . he touch the woman 's face . ashe she look like you . after a long moment , Sarah respond . sarah I paint what I see . ashe approach Sarah . he point to the wedding ring which hand from she neck . ashe be you marry ? sarah it belong to a friend . ashe where be they now ? sarah a better place . Sarah turn the ring around she finger , fidget with it . sarah what about you ? ashe Danny 's mother leave after he be bear . she be a drug addict . sarah ( nodding ) I lose my mother the same way . ashe small world . Sarah reach for a cigarette and light up , take a long drag . ashe notice a number of scar on she forearm , possibly some track mark ... Sarah catch he look , self - consciously pull she hand back . sarah ( meeting he gaze ) I leave Detroit because I want to put the past behind I . ( struggling ) the problem be , I know how it end . blood . violence . I do not want a part of it anymore . Gabriel approach ashe . he crouch , run he finger along the cat 's back . ashe what happen to I when I finish what I be suppose to do here ? sarah you go back . ashe what if I do not want to go back ? Sarah look away . sarah then you be damned int . judah' tower , campanile - night close on a video monitor . we be watch the tape document ashe 's death . we see ashe 's face sink beneath the water 's surface . the image freeze . curve ( o.s. ) it be he . it be that son of a bitch we dumped off the pier . I know it . pull back to reveal judah , Curve , and kali gather around the monitor . sibyl wait nearby . Curve be snap open a envelope of trinity , sniff up the content . judah I think you kill he . curve I shot he in the head ! kali he 's a ghost . curve no such thing as ghost . kali ( pointedly ) then who kill spider monkey and nemo ? Curve start pace , grow more apprehensive . curve all I know be , he 's fuck with we . the crow 's he symbol , right ? that mean I be mark . it mean he 's come for I now ! kali I think you say you do not believe ? Curve turn on kali , furious , ready to strike she . in a flash , kali have one of she katanas out . Curve back away , bristle . curve look , you want to tell yourselves some bullshit fairytale , that 's you business . but i'm not gonna sit here with a fuck target on my chest . I be go to take this motherfucker out ! sibyl you will not stop he with bullet or knife . he do not feel pain . he do not bleed . do not you see ? his soul have cross over . he 's come back from the other side . Curve look like he 's go to be sick from fear . but kali and judah be listen intently . l judah so how do you stop a man who 's already dead ? sibyl can you look destiny in the eye without flinching ? judah study sibyl 's shadow face . judah you tell I . a stare - down ensue . judah do not avert he gaze . sibyl the crow be the source of he power - he link between this world and the next . sever that link and he 's as vulnerable as the next man . CUT to : int . sarah' loft - night ashe push through a curtain , turn towards Sarah 's vanity -- sees the knick - knack and memento gather there , then sees the ceramic irony mask which hang above . ashe approach , reach a hand out to trace its feature . at the bottom of the mirror , a fade postcard have be tuck between the frame and the glass . ashe pull it free , study it ... close on postcard a carnival midway set on the beach , people strolling along a boardwalk , golden sand and blue sky . word at the top of the picture read : " wish you be here " . ashe I have be here . ashe stare at the picture , entrance , catch up in a moment of wistful nostalgia for the life he 's lose . ashe I take Danny last summer . we go up on the bike , ride all the way up the coast ... ( beat ) it be cold up there . I remember we could see each other 's breath . ashe catch himself , set the postcard down . he turn he back to Sarah , hide he face form she , overcome by emotion . Sarah stand , draw near . she reach out to console he , touch he shoulder . she alone , among all the soul of the world , understand the isolation that be consume ashe . sarah look at I . but ashe will not . sarah ashe . look at I . ashe finally turn around , a sense of deep and profound loss in he eye ... something unspoken pass between they . Sarah lean into ashe , tentative , eye search . it 's one of that fragile moment where thing could go either way . and then ... ashe ( pull back ) no ... ( turn away ) we can not do this ... the spell have be break . ashe start away from she . ashe I have to finish what I start . I have to find the other . sarah I know . ashe move to the door , hesitant , a terrible sense of long gnaw at he heart . sarah I wish I would meet you before . ashe nod , then turn to leave . there 's nothing else to say . int . sarah' loft - night Sarah watch from she window as ashe stride to he motorcycle . she raise she hand up , as if to say good - bye . ext . sarah' loft - night as ashe climb aboard he bike , he catch sight of himself in the ... display window of a bakery within the bakery be mountain of sugar skull , candy skeleton , and pan de muerte ( bread of the dead ) . ashe 's reflection be superimpose over this morbid tableau . ashe fire up the bike 's engine . he take off down the street ... CUT to : int . judah' tower , campanile - night judah move back to the stag beetle , watch its sisyphean effort . scritch ! scritch ! judah so the crow be ashe 's familiar ... ( to sibyl ) can he power be take ? sibyl the bird be the key , the life - force that flow within it ... judah ( understanding ) the blood of the crow . judah whirl around , he eye glow with a manic fervor . judah ( to Curve ) the tattoo on you chest , who give it to you ? curve some bitch down at the gargoyle , but what 's that get to do with ... judah grip Curve 's shoulder tightly , shaking he . judah everything , you idiot ! find she . if she give you he mark , then she 's connect to he in some way . she can lead we to he . CUT to : ext . dock , commercial waterfront - dawn ashe stand at the end of the pier , stare down into the silent water where he natural life end . he take something from he coat ... the painting which Danny have be work on . it 's get bullet hole in it now . ashe throw he arm back and lift he face to the heaven , scream , cursing he fate . on ashe , as see from afar . a tiny figure dwarf by the endless expanse of ocean and sky . CUT to : int . gray gargoyle tattoo shop - moment later super title : " november 1st - noche do los muertos " Curve and kali have duct - tape noah to one of the dentist chair - even he mouth and nose have be seal shut . Curve let noah thrash a moment , then violently rip the tape from noah 's face . noah ( frighten , gasp ) look , what do you people want ? curve a house in the country , a dog , a wife and two kid ... ( grins ) ... you fuck head staple to my saddlebags . kali we be look for Sarah . where be she , noah ? noah I be not go to tell you that ... kali oh , but I think you be ... kali site astride noah . she reach for one of the tattoo machine . she motion to Curve , who hit the treadlight foot switch . noah eye the sparking tattoo machine with rise apprehension as kali move it towards he face . close on the needle a vibrate blur just a few centimeter from noah 's blink eye . noah try to shut he eye . kali force a eye open with the thumb and forefinger of she other hand . back to scene kali last chance , " love " . noah ( defiant ) get bent , you dry - up bitch . from behind , we see kali lower the vibrate needle towards noah 's eye . his shrill scream split the night as we ... CUT to : ext . gray gargoyle tattoo shop - night Curve and kali be leave the shop . suddenly Curve clutches at he chest , wince in pain . he open he coat , look down at he chest ... the crow tattoo be drip blood from its beak and talon . Curve stagger back , horrify . kali be watch he . curve no ...no ... kali what be it ? but Curve be not listen . he leap onto he motorcycle and hit the ignition . he take off with a roar ... kali Curve ! it 's no good . Curve be long go . CUT to : note : the follow scene appear here in the script , but in the film it appear in chapter 12 . int . second coming fetish club - night Curve make he way to the bar . he rip open a glassine bag of trinity and vacuum snort it . his eye roll up in he head as the chemical flow . another wave of pain wash over he . Curve claw at he chest , fall against the bar ... curve ...goawaygoawaygoawaygoaway ... time slow to a crawl the music fade to a mute echo of distant war drum . as a feel of inexorable doom settles over he , Curve lift he head and see ... ashe reflect in the bar mirror , materialize out of the narcotic haze . he 's wading through the ocean of body . in he face paint and black leather ashe look like he 's just another part of the twisted scene . people be stroking he , brush up against he - like they can leech off some of he morbid angel charisma . ashe lift he hand - he 's clutching House o' peep Zeke 's saw - off shotgun . Curve dive to the floor as ashe 's shotgun blast shatter the bar mirror , take out he own reflection . Curve roll , climb to he foot , start run ... the samoan bartender grab a semi-auto pistol , open up on ashe . now some of the other armed doormen be firing too ... ... but ashe keep on come , trudging through the hail of gunfire . bullet be exploding over he body at a insane rate . ashe be a human roman candle . nothing be go to stop he from reach Curve , nothing . the samoan stop fire . he take one look at ashe , who 's still come at they ... fuck this . he turn tail and run . ext . second coming fetish club - night Curve come storming out the back door like a bat out of Hell . he take the rear stair three at a time , spilling into a couple of back - alley junkies . he stumble into a pile of garbage , scatter some rat ... Curve make for he bike , which be park nearby . he fumble with the key , hit the starter switch ... ashe come fly off from a second story fire escape , landing atop a car roof on all four , pop the window . ashe time 's up , Curve . curve fuck you , bird-dick ! Curve jerk he bike towards the street and gun it ... ext . STREET - night Curve zoom by a bridal shop -se he own reflection in the window . ext . STREET - night Curve shriek , turn into the alley , tachometer red-lining . he glance behind he ... the crow fly by . the crow plunge down from the night sky , wing flap madly , quickly gain on Curve like the breath of death . ext . CITY street - night ashe , in a dream - like state , race along . ext . overpass - night Curve lean in low , try to urge he bike on by will - power alone . he race by a warehouse , veer off the road onto the railroad track . up above , ashe appear on the overpass , riding on he own motorcycle , match Curve 's speed . the crow soar higher for a bird 's eye view , tracking Curve 's progress as it sweep past chimney , swerve around billboard , duck under laundry line ... on ashe as he rocket along the overpass . the crow land on he shoulder . ahead be a break in the guard rail . ashe cut sharply to the right , take the motorcycle airborne through the break in the rail and ... ashe ... land on the surface street some thirty foot below ! ashe be now just behind Curve . CUT to : int . sarah' loft - night Sarah be back at work on the painting of the woman be cradle by she lover . Gabriel , who 's loung nearby , suddenly look up and hiss . up above they the crow land on the skylight , stare down at Sarah , watch ... there 's a knock at she door . Sarah approach , look through the peephole ... sarah who be it ? sarah' Pov ( through fish - eye peephole ) kali stand there , cradling a automatic . she 's flanke by two identical twin thug . kali fire into the lock ... ext . tunnel mouth - night the chase continue . Curve approach the bridge do well past ninety . abruptly , he cut down a roadway which parallel the river . there 's a chain -link run across the mouth of the tunnel . up ahead be a hole in the fence lead down to a tunnel spillway . Curve guide he bike through the hole ... int . tunnel - night Curve speed into the dark tunnel , splash through puddle of water , whipping past graffiti . as he near the mouth at the other end , Curve brake hard , tire squealing , almost go down ... curve's Pov we be now beneath the bridge . it 's a stone - cold dead - end . the roadway slope sharply downward , spilling out into the concrete river bed which be fill to capacity with rush flood water . back to scene we hear the roar of a approach motorcycle , then a engine cut out . Curve look back the way he come ... at the opposite end of the tunnel ashe 's siilhouette step into view . he 's on foot now , clutching the saw - off shotgun . he let loose a laugh which chill Curve to the bone . ashe " I have a rendezvous with death , on some scar slope of batter hill ... " ashe start into the tunnel . his wet footstep echo off the weep wall ... ashe " God know , 'twere better to be deep where love throbs out in blissful sleep , pulse nigh to pulse and breath to breath ... " as ashe draw closer , he death - like face emerge from the gloom - a ghastly visage float in the ether ... ashe " but I have a rendezvous with death . and I to my pledge word be true ... " ashe stop some twenty foot away , grin like the cheshire cat . ashe " I shall not fail that rendezvous . " silence like knife . ashe and Curve face one another . Curve be tense , dry-mouthed ... curve you think i'm afraid of you , you fuck freak ?! you think i'm afraid ?!! Curve scream and gun he cycle forward , roll the throttle all the way open - a kamikaze run aim straight at ashe . ashe stand he groupd , lift the shotgun , first at Curve 's customize teardrop gas tank . there 's the woman do the wild thing with death and ... boom ! curve's motorcycle disintegrate beneath he , break apart into a rushing comet of flaming wreckage . shrapnel skid along the tunnel wall , spewing SPARKS . curve lie on the garbage - strewn tunnel floor in a spread pool of blood - burnt , batter , a barb of steel stick up from he chest . still , Curve have one glorious , giddy moment where he think he 's actually succeed in defeeate ashe , then ... curve's Pov as ashe step through the gasoline flame . Curve 's elation vaporize . ashe can you hear I , Curve ? Curve offer a weak nod . ashe you be go to die now . Curve try to speak , blood spill from he mouth . ashe place a finger to he lip . ashe drop down , kneel over Curve 's chest . ashe people use to put coin in the mouth of the dead . do you know why ? so they could pay the ferryman to take they across the river styx . ( reach to Curve 's ear ) what 's this ? in a parody of a stage magician , ashe retrieve one of the peep-o - rama token from Curve 's ear . the emboss eye logo flash . ashe open you mouth , Curve . Curve ,s eye be wide , fill with terror . he moan . ashe shhh . it 's not so bad . trust I . I have be there . Curve slowly open he mouth . tear run from he eye . ashe place the coin on Curve 's tongue , like a priest administer a Holy wafer . ashe stand , grab Curve by the coat collar . he pull he back towards the end of the tunnel ... ext . tunnel mouth / river - night ashe drag Curve down the sloping end of the spillway to the water edge . ashe I want to thank you for show I my pain , Curve . you make I what I be . on ashe as he release Curve , let the current carry he away . ashe stand , tracking Curve 's progress . on curve as he float downstream , limb outstretch , consciousness fade fast . curve's Pov ghostly face stare down at he from the girder - people who have make they home in the underbelly of the bridge which stretch overhead . a woman let loose a cloud of marigold petal . they flutter down around Curve , swirl in the current . pull back to reveal the petal have cluster around Curve 's body in the shape of a crow . Curve continue to float downstream towards a estuary , borne away on the wing of the bird . end of move scene int . tunnel - night ashe start back into the tunnel . he pause a moment , kneel down , lowering he head . whether out of respect for the dead or he own condition , we will never know . after a minute , ashe lift he head again and stand . it 's time to see he mission through to the end . CUT to : int . tunnel - night ashe be head back from the river when he 's strike by ... a vision of the crow' Pov of sarah ashe be see what the crow be witness - Sarah in danger . ashe Sarah ! ashe start to run , back toward he bike ... CUT to : ext . CITY street - night ashe be on the motorcycle , racing through the street . he take a corner on a skid , zipping past the Gray gargoyle and the neighbor train track . CUT to : ext . sarah' loft - night ashe pull up on the motorcycle , screeching to a stop . he leap from the bike , rush into Sarah 's building . int . sarah' loft - night ashe stumble through the doorway into the loft ... the loft have be trash . Furniture turn over , painting slashed , the ceramic irony mask smashed into piece ... ashe ( alarmed , desperately look for she ) Sarah ?! kali ( o.s. ) Sarah 's go , ghost man . ashe whirl around kali who have be stand still amidst the shadow , now move from behind Sarah 's painting . ashe where be she ? kali judah 's tower . he 's wait for you there . as kali step closer we see that she 's dress for war -- a katana secure in a black scabbard , twin dagger on each hip , a bandoleer of throw star . ashe you take my son 's life . kali ( gasping ) some people be bear victim . ashe it take two to make a murder . kali unsheathes she katana . the blade edge catch the streetlight 's glare come in from the window . kali shall we dance ? kali come at ashe blindingly fast . she spin and cartwheel end over end , somersault . as she land , kali shift into ginsu-mode , she blade a whirling blur ... ashe duck under the blade , trapping kali 's sword arm . he twist he hand , snapping she arm ... as kali cry out , ashe pivot , throwing her towards the half - moon window look out over the street ... CUT to : int . campanile - judah' tower - night Sarah 's eyelid flutter open with a start . she 's waking on the heel of a dream . pull back to reveal Sarah curl up on the cold tile floor , a number of candle burn nearby . Sarah sit up , disorient . upon move she arm she find that it 's be shackle to one of the pillar via a long chain . Sarah waste a few moment tug at she tether , try to snap one of the link , but it 's no good . frustrate , Sarah look around , try to get she bearing ... sibyl be stand a few yard away , cloak in darkness , head bow . Sarah do not notice she at first . sarah where be I ? sibyl the Tower . everyone find they way here eventually . Sarah rise from the floor , a little unsteady . she move towards sibyl , reach out to touch she shoulder . the prophetess abruptly lift she head , cause she hood to fall back . Sarah take a step back , gasping ... sibyl' empty eye socket have be sewn shut with black thread . sarah my God . what happen to you ...? judah ( o.s. ) fate happen to she . Sarah spin ... judah emerge from the gloom , almost as if he be materialize from the shadow themselves . judah sibyl 's be curse with the gift of prophecy . she see thing that be fated to happen ... ( beat ) she cut she eye out with a carve knife because she want to make the vision stop ... judah brushes the back of he hand affectionately against sibyl 's cheek . judah ... but that only make the vision stronger , do not it , dear ? sibyl turn she head away from judah , shunning he caress . sibyl I have learn to live with my affliction . judah do not we all . Sarah back away from judah , wary . sarah judah Earl . judah my reputation precede I . sarah ( disgust ) I have see what you drug have do to this city . judah ( shrugging ) I see a need , I exploit it . it 's all economics , Sarah . supply and demand . sarah why do you bring I here ? judah I be glad you ask that , Sarah . you have get a very important part to play in this little drama of ours . you see , I intend to capture the crow ... judah draw near , devour Sarah with he hungry eye . using a jagged fingernail , he incise a cross into her forehead . judah ( o.s. ) ... and you , my dear , be the birdseed . CUT to : ext . sarah' loft / alley - night kali come crashing through the window , fall down to the sidewalk below . she land atop a wreck car , snap she back in two ... close on kali lie on the ground , she limb twisted at awkward angle . she moan , somehow still alive . kaly Pov as ashe approach . the crow flit in from off -screen , landing on he shoulder . watch kali with it 's curious golden eye . as ashe draw near , kali try to rise . the most she can do be lift she head . kali ( gasping ) i...ca not ... move ... ashe stare at she , dispassionate . kali kill ...me , then ...finish ...it ... ashe simply shake he head . kali you ... have to . ashe my job be to send you to hell . you be in it . kali stare at ashe in disbelief , she stoic warrior 's mien quickly evaporate . kali there 's no ... honor in this . it 's my ... death . I have win it .. ashe turn and start away . ashe I , too . kali wait ! where be you go ?! wait ! you can not ... do this ! you can not do this !!! but ashe do not turn back . he leave kali in the cold , wet street , ignore she pathetic lament . ashe continue on to the end of the alley ... the crow land on ashe 's outstretch hand . the crow take wing , lift its way up into the night . ashe fire up the motorcycle 's engine , tear away from Sarah 's apartment in a cloud of smoke . CUT to : int . judah' tower , campanile - night the scene resume . Sarah stare at judah , horrify . sarah why be you do this ? judah have you ever read Dante 's inferno ? it say that the only true path through Hell lie at its center . if you want to escape it -- you have to go further in . judah lower himself into a chair . judah when I be a boy I fall through the ice of a lake . I remember see the sky through the ice above I , close enough to touch . the world grow cold around I . Dark . eventually my heart stop beat . and in that moment , I die . judah sweep he hand through one of the candle flame , then pinch the flame out of existence . a tiny wisp of smoke trail up into shadow . judah settles back in he chair , overcome by a memory that for he have never lose its vibrancy . judah a half - hour later I awoke on a operate table . I have return to the world of flesh and bone -- but I bring a knowledge back with I ... ( tapping he forehead ) forbidden knowledge . judah lean in close to Sarah , he lambent eye glow like hot coal . as judah continue , Sarah finger the ankh which hang from she neck . judah I have be live on borrow time ever since . I have always know death would be come for I . ( beat ) I see now that you friend be the one I have be wait for . sarah you can not stop he . judah you be wrong , Sarah . ( rising ) there be a way to defeat death ... and that 's to trade place with he . sibyl turn she head towards the east . sibyl the crow be come . judah look back at Sarah . CUT to : ext . CITY street - night ashe come scream over a hill on he motorcycle , the image of judah 's face burn into he mind ... a horse -drawn carriage pilote by a man in a devil mask suddenly loom up in front of ashe . the street ahead have be cordon off with flash wooden barricade . there 's some kind of street fiesta go on ... ashe swerve , braking hard to avoid hit the carriage . ashe 's bike slip out from under he and ashe go crashing into the barricade . but even as the carriage 's skull - face costume occupant rush up to help he ... ... ashe be up and run , leaping over the barricade into the crowd beyond ... CUT to : ext . judah be tower - jesus save sign - night the crow land atop the buzzing " jesus save " sign . it cock its head , as if consider its next move , then fly toward the campanile . int . judah' tower , campanile - night the crow enter through one of the opening in the grillework , settling on one of the rafter . crow' Pov Sarah sit within one of the pool of illumination far below , still bound to the bed by the chain . judah and sibyl be nowhere in sight . the crow fly down from the rafter , landing on the floor at Sarah 's foot . it caw at she , try to communicate . sarah ...go ... please go ... the crow tilt its head as if try to understand ... sarah ( shaking she chain ) go !!! whoosh ! a steel cage on a wire and pulley system clatter down from above , slamming to the floor and trapping the bird within it . the bird caw angrily , flitting from one side of the cage to another , but its effort be futile . crow' Pov ( anamorphic ) as judah emerge from the darkness , crouching down on the floor to study the crow . he grin . judah look who 's come home to roost . CUT to : ext . STREET - day of the dead celebration - night a massive street festival be under way with dia de los muertos celebrant mob the area . Paper " bienvenidos " banner be strung overhead . child light string of firecracker . masked mummer in garish costume dance , musician stroll . people be hold giant papier - mache skull on stick along with torch and calavera placard . there be stall offer marigold and cockscomb , black beeswax taper , dangle toy skeleton , mountain of calaveras de azucar . ashe push through the throng of reveler , invisible amidst the carnival atmosphere . in he makeup he 's just another face in the crowd . CUT to : int . judah' campanile / camera obscura - night judah , now carry the cage which contain the crow , sweep aside the curtain of the camera obscura . he reach up to a lever which open the camera 's lens . moonlight shine down on the camera table . with another lever , judah adjust the camera 's view . camera table the camera lens be now train on the night sky . a churn landscape of night - sky could drift across the table 's surface , create a eerie effect . judah set a package wrap in velvet on the camera table . he peel back the cloth , revealing a set of ornately decorate , taper dagger . he look back at Sarah . judah do you know what this be call ? misericord . wonderful name , be not it ? judah remove one of the blade from its sheath , run the glint edge along he finger . judah in the Dark Ages , this be use to deliver the death stroke to the mortally wounded . they be consider tool of mercy . judah turn to the steel cage in which the crow have be trap . he pull on a leather falconer 's glove and open the door to the cage . the crow flap he wing madly , desperately try to strike at judah with its beak and claw ... ... but judah secure he grip around the bird 's throat , pull it out . he pin the crow to the focus table of the camera obscura with he glove hand . CUT to : ext . STREET - day of the dead celebration - night ashe fight he way through the crowd . a drunken , masked woman grab hold of he , spin he around , dance . ashe shove she aside , make he way to ... ext . judah' tower , STREET level - night the black sky beyond shimmer with turbulent yellow thunderhead . the entry way to the tower have be gated and chain . the only way in be up . ext . judah' tower , STREET level - night ashe grab a hold of one of the ornamental statue which crowd th ebuildint 's facade . he pull himself up , start the daunt task of scale the tower . CUT to : int . judah' campanile / camera obscura - night back to judah and the crow . the cloud be project onto the camera table ( and subsequently the crow itself ) be rush at a unearthly speed . the create a surreal backdrop for the crow 's frenetically beat wing - in effect , a mockery of the bird fly . judah easy , little wing . it will all be over soon . ext . judah' tower - night ashe continue to climb . a cluster of pigeon take wing , startle from they roost ... ashe pull back , one of he hand slip free . he dangle there for a moment , hang by the tenuous grasp of he fingertip . sibyl who have be lurking in the shadow , suddenly lift she head up ... sibyl ( full of portent ) ashe be here . judah grin . this moment have be a long time come ... judah not for long . judah raise the misericord up high . Sarah turn she head away as ... ... judah plunge the weapon down , pound it straight through the bird 's right wing ! CUT to : ext . judah' tower - night ten storey up now . ashe suddenly lose he handhold . he scream in agony as he suffer the pain of the crow through they symbiotic link . ashe stare down at he hand in disbelief ... close on ashe' hand blood seep from a stigma-like wound on he palm . int . judah be tower - camera obscura - night judah plunge a second misericord into the crow 's leave wing ... ext . judah' tower ashe cry out again as he leave hand be seemingly twisted back against he will . a second stigma wound appear . he slip , tumble to the next ledge down but catch himself on he fingertip . he hazard a look down ... ashe' Pov Day of the Dead celebrant crowd the street far below . back to scene ashe ( in agony ) ...oh God ...help I ... it take every ounce of ashe 's strength to keep from let go . he tighten he white - knuckle grip on the ledge above . shake terribly , try to fight back the pain , ashe continue to climb . he reach up to a ... stone maiden which protrude from the building 's facade . the maiden 's face have be all but wear bare by the harsh element . ashe clutches the back of the maiden in a parody of a lover 's embrace . use the statue for support , he drag himself back up to relative safety . now ashe be face to face with the maiden , stare into its blind stone eye . ashe Sarah . ashe whisper the word like a mantra , use it to urge he on . steeling himself again , fight the burn pain , ashe resume he climb . he 's on autopilot now , just try to reach the campanile , which at this point , seem hopelessly unattainable . the sky above seem to churn and roil . a storm of epic proportion be about to break . CUT to : int . judah' campanile - camera obscura - night the crow have now be crucify to the camera table , a misericord stake through each wing . crow' anamorphic Pov as judah reach for a third misericord . he raise it high above he head , prepare for the coup de grace . judah ( whispering ) ash , ash , we all fall down ... as the dagger come down we hear ... sarah ( scream ) no !!!! CUT to : ext . judah' tower - night ashe cries out a final time as a gaping wound appear on he chest , blood blossoming outward . CITY STREET the Day of the Dead celebrant swirl around we , judah 's Tower rise up behind the mob - a unholy ziggurat build to challenge the god . the crowd have be work up into a frenzy . everyone be sing and dance . music blast from loudspeaker ... ashe come crashing down atop a small vend stall fill to the brim with flower a sugar skull . time slow as a flurry of golder marigold petal flutter down around he still form . int . judah' camera obscura - night the crow be dead , transfix by the gleam misericord . blood be pool beneath black flight feather . judah step back , momentarily overwhelm by the enormity of he crime . judah it 's do . judah look to the camera obscura 's table . the blood from the crow have completely cover the table 's concave surface , fill it to the brim like liquid in a shallow bowl . the end result be a eerie reflect pool . as we watch , the image of the cloud cast by the camera lens onto the table begin to ripple and dissolve , only to be replace by judah 's own , shimmer reflection . back to scene with a shaking hand , judah dip he finger into the pool blood and begin to paint he face . a swatch of blood over one eye , then a swatch over the other . a long , bloody smear over he lip ... the action harken back to the moment when Sarah paint ashe 's face - a parallel ritual turn on its head . CUT to : int . judah' campanile - camera obscura - night judah turn towards we , he transformation now complete . we see that he have paint himself a parody of ashe 's irony mask in the crow 's own blood . sarah watch with a mixture of mount horror and morbid curiousity . judah scoops up a handful of the crow 's blood and bring it to he lip . close on judah' lip as he drink , let the overflow trickle down over he chin and neck . close on judah' face he once - pallid feature now glow with a kind of beatific radiance . we rise up from judah , up and up into the darkest reach of he tower . judah be laughing , laugh in the face of death itself . CUT to : ext . judah' tower - STREET ashe lie amidst a field of shimmer glass shard and flower . the masked celebrant slowly gather around ashe , craning they neck for a view of the fall angel . close on ashe' face relaxed , peaceful , even . for a moment , we be not sure whether or not ashe 's soul have fle . the peripheral noise from the street festival die away . we be in the eye of the hurricane now . once again , time seem to shudder to a stop . and the only thing we hear be ... the crow thousands of they , fill the heaven with they keening wail . ashe slowly open he eye , tentative . when you be this deep in the bosom of bliss , the last thing you want to do be waken , but waken he do ... ashe be Pov - the sky above judah' tower be black with crow . and endless army of carrion - creature , swirl madly about . back to scene ashe sit up , stare at the crow , fascinate , frighten . then he eye fall to the face of the people around he . we be in dream -time now , blur the edge of reality . a child wear a skull mask push to the front of the crowd . he stare at ashe a moment , then lift the mask from he face ... it 's Danny . ashe ( confuse ) Danny ...? ashe rush to Danny 's side , hold he tight , he disbelief overpower by the unfetter joy of see he son once again . ashe what be you do here ?! danny it 's time to go back , dad . ashe look up at the scream crow above they . ashe be that why they be here ? danny ( nodding ) they be the soul who come before you . they be cry for the people they have lose . ( beat ) now they be cry for you . ashe but Sarah still need I . danny you do not understand , dad . you work for the dead , not the live . you work here be do . ashe reach for he son 's shoulder , all but plead with he . ashe I can not go , not yet , not now ... danny you have to . ashe Danny , I can not leave she like this ... the cry of the crow grow louder as the sky above become darker . a shadow pass over Danny 's face . he seem sadden . for a moment , it seem as if another entity creep into Danny 's voice . danny if you turn you back on the dead now , you will be trap between the world . you will never be allow to cross over . ( beat ) you will be alone , dad . forever . ashe hesitates a moment , realize the enormity of what he be about to do . it 's a agonizing choice . ashe I have to stay . Danny nod . danny I know . Danny reach out to touch ashe 's paint face ... danny ( forlorn ) good-bye , dad . as Danny say he parting word , the sound of the world around they come rush back with startling clarity . Danny start to turn away ... ashe Danny , wait ...! wham ! ashe bolt up from the bed of flower and glass . the spell be break . be he dream ...? no , there 's Danny slip back into the crow , the mask pull down over he face once again . ashe reach for Danny , spin he around , pull off the mask ... ...only it 's not Danny ! it 's a drunken dwarf with fuck - up tooth who 's laugh he ass of at ashe . ashe recoil , horrify , then spin around , suddenly find himself face to face with ... judah stand just a few yard away , emerge from the doorway of he tower . he get the anti-crow blood mask on he face . his eye be glow like twin star and he lip be curl back in a feral snarl . in he hand , he hold one of the chain from he campanile . judah grab ashe by the lapel of he coat , drage he close so they be eye to eye -- close enough to breathe the same beath -- two side of a coin . judah tell I , ashe . do you every get the feel we be all just dead man on leave ? ashe ( seethe with hatred ) judah . judah in the flesh . judah fling ashe backwards ... ashe reach he hand into he coat , pull out a .45 . he fire into judah 's chest - once , twice , thrice ... judah do not even stagger , he just keep on grin . wisp of smoke rise up from the hole in he chest . ashe stare at judah , dumbfounded . ashe what ...are ... you ? judah I be you shadow , ashe . every angel 's get a devil . do not you know that ? or maybe you just sleep you way through Sunday school ? judah lash out with the rope . ashe spin and falter . incredibly , he find himself feel pain . judah follow with a series of blow , each more savage than the next , drive ashe back ... ashe stumble , fall to he hand and knee . he reach to he mouth , he hand come away spatter with blood . ashe shake he head to clear it . judah kick ashe in the face , knock he onto he back ... ... but ashe spring back to he foot . he try to strike judah . judah catch ashe 's hand and squeeze tight . we hear bone snap . crack ! judah smashes out with he other fist , ashe spin around and collapse ... ashe try to push himself up by he hand . he cough , spitting up more blood , crawl forward ... ashe what ... do you do to I ...? judah I have taste the blood of the crow and take you power . whoosh ! judah whip the rope about , snap the end around ashe 's neck , drag he off he foot . judah pull ashe forward , crouching over he like a spider ready to devour its prey . judah you be flesh and blood now , ashe . you can die like any other man . ashe go to hell . judah already be there . and I must confess , I like what I see . CUT to : int . judah' tower - night Sarah sob quietly , still chain to the pillar . a figure suddenly appear at she side -- sibyl . Sarah look up ... sarah what ...? sibyl produce a key from within she robe . she place the key in the lock on Sarah 's manacle . with a turn of the key , the manacle fall away and Sarah be free . Sarah look back at the blind oracle , uncertain . sarah why be you do this ? sibyl fix Sarah with she blind stare . sibyl ashe need you now . more than ever . sibyl raise she other hand . she 's hold one of the misericord which she extend to Sarah . sibyl go to he . Sarah take the misericord and race for the end of the campanile , towards a beckone doorway and a stairwell beyond . printed on a grime - smear placard nearby be the word ... " this be not a exit " Sarah rush through the doorway , heedless . CUT to : ext . judah' tower , CITY street - night judah plant he foot on ashe 's chest , tightening the chain around ashe 's throat . judah look like the dead have forsaken you , my friend . ashe clutches at the rusty chain link which bite into he flesh , choke . judah look at you , bleed like a stick pig . where 's you precious strength ? where 's you power ? ( draw closer , whisper ) you be nothing now , ashe , not even a ghost . judah rise . he grab a hold of the chain , pull ... ashe down the street . ashe scream as he body be drag across the asphalt ... CUT to : int . judah' tower , elevator - night Sarah rush into a rickety old elevator , pull the accordion - style security gate shut . she punch the " down " arrow on the tarnish control panel . with a lurch and hum the elevator car start its journey downward . ext . CITY STREET , movie palace - night judah have drag ashe over to the East side of the street , in front of a old movie palace . he leap atop one of the vend stall and clamber onto the marquee itself . judah shout to the crowd below , he eye on fire . judah you want death ?! here he be , people !!! take a good look !!! even as ashe fight to free himself of the chain , judah loop one end of it over a street lamp . he jump from the marquee , use he body weight to pull ashe from the ground ... ashe be drag up into the air , dangle above the face of the crowd . ext . CITY STREET , judah' tower - night Sarah rush out the front entrance of the tower , into the Day of the Dead crowd which swarm below . she push through the mob , try to fight she way across the street . ext . CITY STREET - movie palace - night ashe swing like a puppet from judah 's improvise hangman 's noose . his coat and short have be all but tear to shred . judah drag down on the chain harder , lift ashe even higher , tightening the noose . he secure the chain on a hydrant , then stroll forward , inspect he work . judah circle ashe , grin like the cat who swallow the canary . judah now do not we look pretty ... ashe struggle , choke , cause ... the tatter painting of Danny 's that ashe have keep in he coat pocket to fall free . it flutter to the ground , landing at judah 's foot . judah kneel , pick it up . as he unfold the painting , we see that it have be stain with ashe 's own blood . he tilt it this way and that -- as if he be appraise the craftsmanship of the piece . judah Nice . if you prick he , do he not bleed ? judah look up at ashe , he eye full of craze humor , then he very deliberately tear the painting to shred , let the piece fall away into the night wind . judah reach for metal rod , lash out at ashe 's bare , bloody back ... whack ! ashe scream . judah be hell - bent on beat ashe into oblivion . with every stroke of the switch the crowd cheer . close on ashe his eye be roll to white as consciousness begin to recede ... ashe' Pov the swirl face of the mask celebrant , with judah front and center . mob mentality , everyone drunk and laughing , jeer at ashe , the dangle fool . it 's a scene out of Hell ... .. and behind judah , a familiar figure push she way to the front of the crowd ... sarah lunge forward , clutching the misericord , shove a reveller aside ... sarah get away from he ! judah turn . Sarah drive the misericord into judah 's eye . judah , momentarily blind , fall back ... Sarah unlash the end of the chain from the hydrant ... ashe fall to the street as the chain clatter over the street lamp . he unravel the chain from he throat and drag himself back up ... ashe Sarah , get back ! too late . judah have tear the misericord from he eye . he rush up to Sarah and ... ... thunk ! drive it deep into she chest . ashe sarah !!! Sarah gasp , drop to she knee , clutching at the dagger 's handle . she pull the misericord out . blood begin to well up from the wound . she stare at she blood - cover hand in disbelief , then fall back . silence now as the crowd begin to back away . the mood have shift . ashe drop by Sarah 's side . she stare up at the sky , eye wide with wonder ... sarah the crow ... I can see they come ... sarah' Pov once again , the crow be wheeling around the ceiling of the sky . back to scene ashe look up at judah , fuel by a righteous rage that 's be burn since the moment of he resurrection . he rise . all reason be go . the only think that remain for ashe be a unbridle animal fury . ashe launch himself at judah , send the villain tumble back into a nest of scaffold . one of the pipe punch clear through judah 's chest , impale he ! judah hang there , transfix like a butterfly with a pin stick through it . he struggle to pull himself from the piping , but even so , he 's laugh hysterically ... judah you can not stop I anymore , ashe . you do not have the power . ashe 's eye boil with hatred . ashe if it be just I , you would be right , judah . but I have a eternity of pain to call upon ... ashe lift he hand up , expose he bleed palm . ashe and the pain give I strength . ashe' palm as we watch the stigmata close themselves up , blood draw itself back into the wound . ashe raise he arm to the sky , gesture to the crow which spin high above he head . ashe take he !!! ext . judah' campanile - night the murder of crow spiral down from the sky like a black tidal wave . they descend on judah as one entity , scream down from the heaven like a storm of razor blade . judah no !!! we get one final glimpse of horrify judah 's face , eye wide with terror , before the tidal wave of black wing engulf he . judah let loose a death - shriek that all but split the sky as the myriad beak and talon rend he limb from limb . down in the STREET , ashe return to Sarah 's side , lift she up off the ground and cradling she in he arm . ashe you can not die , Sarah ... I stay for you . sarah ( gasping ) there 's a balance that need to be keep ... someone have to cross over ... Sarah take a rag breath , wince as a wave of pain wash over she . sarah I do not want it to be you ... Sarah look up at ashe , try she level best to smile . she 's at death 's door now - one foot already over the threshold . her face be pale , have lose so much blood . tear spill down ashe 's cheek , cause the war-paint makeup to run in rivulet . ashe ( in anguish ) I can not go with you , Sarah . I have to stay here now . ( cursing he fate ) I have to stay . sarah do you love I ? ashe nod . Sarah reach down to the wedding ring which hang from she neck on the chain . she tug at the chain , snap it apart . she hold the ring out to ashe . sarah take ... this ... ashe take the ring from Sarah . she close ashe 's hand around the ring , grip he fist tightly . sarah I will wait for you . forever , if I have to . she shut she eye , riding through another wave of pain . ashe oh God ... sarah listen ... if two people really love each other ... she inhale sharply . breathe have become a labor for she now . sarah ... nothing can keep they apart . ( she voice fade ) ... nothing . ashe nod , try to let this think reassure he . it 's the only thing he have leave to cling to . sarah' Pov ashe 's face , surround by a nimbus of light . we be fall away from he . down , down , down . and as we fall , we hear a fluttering of wing . on sarah' face her eye lose focus . her head go slack in ashe 's arm . she 's go . ashe lower he lip to she , kissing she one final time . ashe cradle Sarah 's lifeless body in he arm , gently rock back and forth , tear stream down he cheek . and as we pull back from they , we realize that the scene mirror the prophetic image from Sarah 's own painting - the woman die in the arm of she lover , surround by a gallery of skull - mask celebrant . ashe stand , lift Sarah in he arm . he turn to leave ... the day of the dead crowd slowly part for he , revealing a path of marigold petal lead away down the street . it 's almost as if , by silent consensus , the crowd have come to understand what have happen here this night . ashe move through the crowd carry Sarah in he arm . the people close rank behind he and we ... CUT to : int . judah' tower , camera obscura - night sibyl stand over the camera obscura . on the table 's focus surface we see the street below . ashe be carry Sarah in he arm , move through the crowd of silent witness . sibyl nod to herself , satisfied . we see what might be a trace of a smile cross she lip . sibyl turn and exit the camera obscura . int . judah' tower , campanile - night sibyl approach the table where the stag beetle be tethere . removing a pair of scissors from within she robe , sibyl cut the thread which bind the beetle . the stag beetle , free at last , quickly scurries out of the box and across the table , disappear into the shadow . sibyl follow suit , gather she robe about she and step on into the darkness . dissolve to : ext . inner -city church - dawn the same church we visit the night before . ashe , still carry Sarah in he arm , enter the sanctuary . the church be aglow with candle . ashe lay Sarah 's body down in front of the offrenda , fold she arm across she chest , leave she in a state of repose . he stand , take in one last look . as ashe move to leave , he see the elderly priest he have speak to earlier . priest why be you still here ? ashe because I have nowhere leave to go . ashe step past the priest , move towards the doorway and the daylight beyond . priest what will you do , then ? ashe ( look back ) this city be fill with shadow . one more will not make it any darker . ext . church - dawn ashe exit the church , find haven in a shadow doorway . he reach into he pocket , remove the wedding ring Sarah have give to he ... close on the ring as ashe turn it over in he hand , see the word " forever " inscribe on the inside of the band . he slip it on he finger . grace ( o.s. ) ( concerned ) be you all right ? ashe look up to see ... grace , the drugge - out girl that Sarah help at the beginning of the film . she 's look good now , clean of the poison that once possess she . and damned if she be not hold Gabriel in she arm . grace Long night , huh ? Gabriel meow to ashe . ashe reach out and scratch the cat 's ear . grace be not he cool ? I find he on the street . I be go to take he home with I . ashe you should . look like he need a home . grace well , see ya . she smile at he and start off down the street . Gabriel turn around in Grace 's arm and peer back at ashe from over she shoulder . ashe move out from the shadow into the steadily grow light , watch they . we see just a hint of hope in he eye - hope that someday he and Sarah will be reunite . as we hold on ashe 's face , Sarah 's voice - over begin . sarah ( v.o. ) I believe there 's a place where the restless soul wanter ... dissolve to : ext . limbo - dawn the same scene as the beginning of we film . we have make a circle . a heavy mist hang before we - endless and impenetrable . and out of that primordial fog a crow materialize , fly towards the camera in slow motion . sarah ( v.o. ) burden by the weight of they own sadness , they cannot enter Heaven ... presently a second shape materialize - a figure on horseback , gallop after the crow . sarah ( v.o. ) and so they wait , trap between we world and the next , endlessly search for a way to rid themselves of they pain - in the hope that somehow , some day , they will be reunite ... as the dark rider come towards we , we realize that it 's Sarah whose baleful eye be now shine behind the irony mask war paint . sarah ( v.o. ) ... with the one they love . CUT to : ext . freeway overpass - dawn ashe be back on he bike , racing beneath the cathedral - like arch of the overpass . as he sweep past a concrete pillar we ... CUT to : ext . limbo - day / night Sarah on she horse , gallop in parallel action . as she sweep last a tree we ... CUT to : ext . freeway overpass - dawn ashe on the bike . now we intercut between the two doom lover , each on they respective steed . world apart , and yet , somehow travel the same road . we be intercutte faster and faster , until the sound of hoofbeat and the motorcycle's roar be indistinguishable . until the two figure themselves begin to blur . faster and faster and faster until we ... CUT to black . over the darkness we hear Sarah 's final word to ashe : sarah' voice if two people really love each other , nothing can keep they apart ... ( beat ) nothing . the end