the messenger : the story of joan of arc by Andrew birkin and luc besson fade in : ext . church - domremy - day fade up on ripple on the surface of a puddle . slow pan up : the water become placid , and in it we see the reflection of a invert cross on the top of a small church . we move across the little churchyard and in through the open door . int . church - domremy - day utter simplicity -- stone wall , rough-hewn wooden bench , primitive saint in the stain - glass window -- chicken peck among the straw that cover the earthen floor . int . confessional BOX - church - day a little wooden grill slide open and the friendly face of the village priest peer at we . he glance about , perplex . priest be anybody there ? a small hand appear -- then the face of a girl age about 10 , peer up at he through the grill . the Priest smile a trifle wearily . priest you know I be always happy to see you , Jeanne , but to keep come here twice , three time a day ... jeanne I need to confess . priest but you already confess this morning ... jeanne I need to confess again . priest so ... alright . what terrible sin have you commit since then that can not wait till tomorrow to be forgiven ? Jeanne climb up on the prayer- stool to be tall enough to look the Priest in the eye . jeanne I see a poor monk without shoe so I give he some . priest there 's no sin in charity , Jeanne . jeanne they be not my shoe . mine be too small . priest whose be they ? jeanne my father 's . priest I be sure he will forgive you . jeanne he already do , but I want God to forgive I too . priest Jeanne -- if we be to ask forgiveness all the time , we would spend we whole life in church . jeanne be that bad ? priest ( perplex ) well no , but ... Jeanne , be you happy at home ? jeanne oh yes ... very . priest and you mother -- everything 's fine with she ? jeanne oh yes , she 's ... wonderful . flash : we see Jeanne 's peasant mother , sit by the fire , sewing . they home be little more than a hovel -- a low , dark cave of a place , traverse by a huge beam . priest good , good . and you sister ... Catherine -- she 's still you best friend ? jeanne oh yes , my sister 's just ... she 's ... wonderful . flash : Jeanne 's sister catherine ( 18 ) sit near she mother , spin wool . priest and what about you other friend ... you do not like play with they ? jeanne oh yes , I play with they ... lot ... flash : Jeanne be battle against some reed with a wooden stick under a full noonday sun . not far away , a group of kid be in the shadow of a huge tree , play . one of they watch Jeanne in the distance . kid # 1 what 's she do ? kid # 2 play . resume on the Priest . priest so ... everything sound ... wonderful ? jeanne yes , it be . priest then ... why be you here so often ? jeanne I feel safe here . and it 's where I can talk to he . priest him ? jeanne well , I try and talk to he , but mostly he 's the one who do the talk . priest who be this " he " ? jeanne he never say he name . priest what ... do he ... look like ? flash : a little boy of 8 , sit on a throne in a clear in a wood . jeanne beautiful . priest and what do he say to you ? flash : the Boy point solemnly at we , but say nothing . jeanne he say ... he say I must be good ... and help everyone ... and take care of myself . do you think he 's come from the sky ? priest perhaps ... but wherever he come from , I think you should listen to he , because it sound like he 's give you very good advice . the Priest smile , and Jeanne beam back at he . he bless she ... priest ego the absolvo , in nomine patris , et filii , et spiritus sancti , amen . ext . church & stream - day Jeanne run from the little church , the weight of she sin now happily off she shoulder . her reflection skip across a little stream , then on through a meadow of cowslip and buttercup and up the sloping hillside beyond ... ext . meadow & wood - dusk a hazy , summer dusk -- pollen float in the shimmer air ... Jeanne swirl between the high elm , happy and carefree -- it 's all a little surreal -- be that church bell in the distance ? or cow bell ? or merely the SOUND of insect ? Jeanne swing round faster and faster , then tumble over , laugh , and lie on she back . she 's dizzy and out of breath . above she , the cloud seem to swirl as though she be still spin round ... the SOUND of the bell slow down , deepen ... her face move into shadow . although not distinguishable as word at this stage , there 's a urgent whisper in the wind ... a strange echo that will eventually resolve into a call " Jeanne ...! " presently Jeanne turn and see something glint in the long grass . a sword . the background SOUND of the bell grow ominous . a shoot star silently flash across the sky -- then score of they . she get to she foot and pick up the heavy sword . it 's grow darker -- colder -- the leave have turn to autumn brown , now blow about by a gust of wind . presently she see a wolf approach , slowly but straight toward she -- then two , three -- finally the whole pack . she grip the sword , but can not use it -- too heavy , too frighten . as the wolf approach , she close she eye ... the wolf pass either side of she , as though oblivious to she presence . when she open she eye , they have pass , and be now head along the forest track . ext . forest - night Jeanne follow the wolf along the track . they be head toward a red glow , visible beyond the tree . the wolf disappear over a ridge , though all we can see for the moment be the red sky beyond . but as Jeanne reach the edge , we move up with she to see ... ... she village in the valley below , ablaze . ext . domremy village - night panic -- scream -- crash timber -- animal stampede -- wolf drag corpse from gut building -- and through the midst of the tumult tear Jeanne , still drag the sword she find . she run inside a farm cottage ... int . jeanne's home - night the low , dark building we see earlier -- now empty , light by the fire of the house on the far side of the street . Jeanne run in , search about -- jeanne mother ...? no response . she begin to panic -- run through into a smaller room beyond , call out -- jeanne Catherine ?! suddenly a door swing open and a hand reach out -- Jeanne scream , then turn to see she elder sister , catherine , who 's be hide in a cupboard ... catherine Jeanne ! Catherine embrace she , hugging she in relief -- catherine be you alright ? do they hurt you ? jeanne no no , I be fine , really ... catherine I be so worried -- we have all be look for you ! the English be everywhere ! o thank you , lord ! she hug she again -- then freeze , hearing the SOUND of horse , the clanking of armor . but Jeanne have not hear ... jeanne I be in church ... Catherine glance about , ear tune ... catherine really ? jeanne I be talk to the priest , and do you know what he say to I ? Catherine put she hand across Jeanne 's mouth -- catherine shhh ... tell I later ... she hear the drunken laughter get closer ... catherine Quick -- hide in here ... jeanne what about you ? catherine do not worry about I -- just stay in here ... and do not move ! jeanne but where be you go to be ? catherine I will be right here ... I promise . Catherine quickly lift Jeanne inside the cupboard , lock the door , then turn to confront three hefty ruffian call themselves soldier . the biggest and ugliest have a jet black beard . blackbeard now that 's what I call booty ! blackbeard turn back to he comrade , who be share out a roast chicken between they . Catherine pick up the sword drop by Jeanne as blackbeard swagger up to she ... blackbeard a woman with a sword ? ( to he comrade ) hey , take a look at this -- frenchmen be such coward that they have leave all the fight to woman ! catherine if that 's God 's will , then so be it ! blackbeard 's comrade start tucking into they food , leave blackbeard to he pleasure . blackbeard Fine with I . I love woman . he undoe he buckle . from she Pov behind the cupboard door , Jeanne can just about see blackbeard 's face through a crack . Catherine raise the heavy sword as blackbeard advance , then bring it sweeping down . but he intercept it effortlessly , grasp the blade as though it be a twig ... blackbeard oh ... now you have hurt my feel ... he put he hand around she throat , rip off she little wooden cross , pin she against the door , then , with a lecherous roar , plunge he face on she ... Jeanne be terrify . blackbeard have he tunic down and be attempt to gain entry -- Catherine try to scream -- he slam he hand over she mouth -- she bite it -- blackbeard howl ... with laughter . now he juice be really move . Catherine squirm against the door , twist and turn -- blackbeard hold still , bitch . how can I do it if you keep wriggle about ? he pick she up by the throat , lift she clear off the floor by several inch , then ram the sword clean through she gut and the door behind she , the blade just miss Jeanne . blackbeard there , that 's better . with a grin at he comrade , blackbeard resume he intercourse with the lifeless Catherine . behind the door , Jeanne be suffocating with terror . the little wooden necklace lie on the floor in f.g. as blackbeard pull up he pants and turn to he comrade -- blackbeard you turn . ext . churchyard - village - day the little village church be no more than a smolder pile of rubble -- among it , the twisted stain - glass of a angel . corpse be pile up alongside a warren of shallow grave , await committal . the Priest pass by each grave in turn , administer hasty last rite , then move onto the next while a harass grave - digger fill in the last . Jeanne stand by a shallow grave , now wear she sister 's wooden cross and graze fixedly at she body , wrap in linen and await interment . her parent and other adult stand nearby , but at Jeanne 's level we only see they from the waist down . man # 1 ( o.s. ) we should not be do this by daylight ... it 's too dangerous . man # 2 ( o.s. ) you be right -- the English be still around -- I can smell they ... man # 3 ( o.s. ) when be the king go to do something ? man # 1 ( o.s. ) he 's good for nothing ... man # 2 ( o.s. ) yeah ... we can not even be sure he really be a king ... ( whisper ) I hear someone say he 's a bastard ... man # 1 ( o.s. ) with a mother like that ? I would not be surprised ... she 's such a whore ... woman ( o.s. ) can you show some respect ? we be bury we child . you should be praying instead of cursing ... man # 2 ( o.s. ) that 's just about all we can do . woman ( o.s. ) yes ... because only God can help we . now the Priest scurries over , hurriedly mumble the last rite in Latin , then move on to the next grave . Jeanne 's family have they eye close in prayer , and it be only Jeanne who see the grave-digger nudge the corpse into the shallow grave with he foot . he shovel in the earth , then move on . the Father put he hand on she shoulder . father listen , Jeanne ... you uncle and aunt be take you to they house for a few week ... just to give we time to rebuild what we can . Jeanne look at he blankly , she thought too deep for tear . ext . village & road - day Jeanne sit on the back of a small hay - wagon . her uncle and aunt be up front , eye on the barren , devastate countryside ahead , while Jeanne gaze fixedly on the road behind . from she Pov : the recede figure of she parent , gradually merge with the dusty landscape . int . daxart house - night a large , low room , almost identical to Jeanne 's house : a bare , earthen floor with chicken run about , and a huge cave of a fireplace . the aunt dole out soup from a cauldron -- first to she husband , then to Jeanne . daxart Lord , we give thanks for the food you have give we . teach we always to love this land , and to save it from that who seek to destroy it . amen . Jeanne say nothing -- note by daxart . his wife nudge he with a gesture to let she be . int . daxart attic - night daxart open the door to a attic room , he wife stand behind he with Jeanne . she wander into the room , tidy but sparse , and sit on the edge of the bed . daxart look a little put out . daxart so ... good night then . the aunt understand Jeanne better than she husband , and lead he from the room . int . sleeping quarter - night the daxart share the communal sleep area with a couple of goat and a mangy dog . daxart be settling down to sleep , but he wife lie awake . aunt what 's go to happen to she ? daxart she will be fine . she will grow up ... find a good man ... make he some child . do not worry -- she 's be hurt , but she will survive . tomorrow she will be as right as rain , you will see . int . daxart attic - day daxart open the door to the attic . Jeanne have not move : she 's still sit on the bed like the day before . jeanne I want to see a priest . int . village church - day Christ , crucify in stain glass . a silver cup be raise in bless ... the local priest , much older than the one at domremy , lower the cup , fill with wine in preparation for the mass . the daxart enter the church at the far end , with Jeanne between they . the Priest be expect she . int . confessional BOX - day Jeanne sit in the shield darkness of the confessional box . she clutches at she little wooden cross and at last begin to cry . priest I hear about you sister , and I ... understand you pain ... jeanne why do she have to die ? priest only God know the answer to that . jeanne I know Jesus say to love we enemy but I can not -- I just want the English to burn in hell for ever and ever ! priest I realize you anger , Jeanne , but we must learn to forgive . it 's hard , but revenge will never bring about peace . jeanne then what will ? and what will bring she back ? and why do she have to die in the first place instead of I ? why do not he take my life instead of hers ? it be my fault -- I be late -- she give I she hide place ...!! priest Jeanne ... calm down ...! calm down , Jeanne ! Jeanne break off , tremble , tear pour down she cheek . priest I do not pretend to know God 's will , but I be sure of one thing -- the Lord always have a good reason . perhaps he save you because he need you ... for some higher call . so ... as long as you answer that call , you sister will not have die in vain . Jeanne clam down . she stare at the Priest for a long moment , and she look become very deep and intense . jeanne I do not want to wait for he call . priest Jeanne , be patient . jeanne I want to be with he always ... priest soon you will be able to take the Holy mass , and as you eat of he flesh and drink of he blood , you will be at one with he . jeanne I want to be at one with him now . ext . country road - day on the open road , with Jeanne sit on the back of daxart 's wagon . it 's a grey , lowering , dismal sort of day . the daxart be up front , talk in low voice . daxart what do he say ? aunt he say we must bring she to church whenever she want . daxart hmmm ... easy for he -- he 's not the one that have to do the bring . behind they , the wagon be empty . Jeanne be long go . ext . countryside - day the rain pour down in torrent -- Jeanne run ... ext . village - day ... down the desert road -- into the church ... int . village church - day ... and up the aisle to the altar . she grab a jug of wine , pour some into the chalice -- hold it up high as the Priest do , then gulp it down . the wine cascade from she mouth like blood as she gaze up at the stain glass image -- jeanne I want to be with you now ! int . daxart house - dawn daxart sit bolt upright , awak from a nightmare . it 's early morning , he wife still asleep beyond he . int . / ext . daxart attic / Pov of field - dawn daxart open the door to Jeanne 's room . empty , the bed unslept in . he walk in -- hear something . look out of the window he see -- Jeanne in the distance , play be herself . daxart smile . ext . house & field - dawn Jeanne pause , she stick poise in mid-air -- subliminal flash -- -- a real sword impale a soldier through the stomach -- another sword slice through chain -mail -- and a severe head encase in metal spin lose from armored shoulder ... ext . house & field - dawn Jeanne look at daxart . jeanne I be play . once again Jeanne raise she stick -sword -- the head of a sunflower be violently decapitate -- int . chinon - state room - day -- and a sword swishes down , try to hack someone in the leg . but it be only a wooden sword , and its wielder a mere boy of five . this be young Prince louis , practice he nascent swordsmanship on the castle guard . voice and approach footstep alert the Guards , who quickly stand to attention as a door be swing open ... guard the dauphin ! Louis take advantage of the Guards force immobility , and jab one of they in the leg ... he let out a muffle " ow ! " the dauphin charle VII enter , follow by he courtier . they include the bloat regnault , archbishop of rheim , and Georges de la tremoille -- a sly and devious diplomat . charle Louis , should not you be learn you lesson ? louis I do not want to learn , I want to fight ! charle you will , you will . but for now , you must learn ... at least to wipe you nose . Charles ( who speak with a slight stutter ) affectionately wipe he son 's nose with a corner of he shirt . Beyond they , a young soldier , Jean d' aulon , arrive with a scroll . aulon a letter for his majesty . tremoille take it , open the seal and begin to read . Charles hand over Louis to a courtier ... tremoille another one from this girl call herself the maiden of lorraine . Charles snatch it somewhat testily from tremoille ... charle I can read for myself , you know . while Charles read , tremoille turn aside to regnault -- tremoille she pretend she 's be send by God ! this charlatan -- it 's a pity there be not enough wood to burn they all ! charle she say she will be here tomorrow ...! tremoille you must not see she , my lord . we know nothing about she ... we do not even know if she be from lorraine . charle what difference do it make where she come from ? tremoille if she come from burgundy it make a difference . it might be a trap ... ( take back letter ) look ... sign " X " . what sort of name be " X " ? or must we conclude that a messenger of God can not even write she own name ? regnault my lord tremoille be correct . she say she hear voice ... she may be a sorceress ... a witch ... charle ( snatching back letter ) regnault -- you see witch everywhere . she 's just a peasant ... a peasant who care for she king . look ... all she want be to help I win my crown ... and permission to fight for I . tremoille not exactly . ( take back letter ) she want you to give she a army -- at you expanse . bear in mind that you mother steal every last piece of gold in the treasury , I fail to see how you can afford such a adventure . charle ( snatch back letter ) I can see she if I want to . I mean , with half of France in the hand of the English , what have I get to lose ? tremoille the other half . regnault you must not see she , my lord . she may be a instrument of the devil . yolande ( o.s. ) well ... I think you should . all eye turn to the window , where yolande have be stand with she back to the room , read a little book . her right - arm be stand beside she -- richmond , he face hideously disfigure by battle scar . charle ah , yolande ... and what make you think the exact opposite of my two most trust advisor ? yolande smile , though hardly a devote smile . mild contempt would be more accurate . yolande because I care about you . come here . Charles walk over . he have he shirt undone . yolande button it back up . yolande you health and happiness have always be my first concern , Charles ... ever since you be a little boy -- and I think I know you better than you own mother ... charle you think ? yolande mmmm . yes . I know for example the sickness that plague you heart . I know how painful it be for you ... to have love a father ... without ever know if he really be yours . charle w-w- what have that get to do with this maiden ? yolande who better than a messenger from God to give answer to you question ? charle you really think she 's be send ... by God ? yolande you be a fine judge of character , Charles . it will take you less than five minute to expose she if she 's a fake . but if she 's not -- then she will give you you answer ... and place the crown on you head . Charles shine at the prospect , but tremoille and regnault look less than happy . tremoille with respect , my lady , I think it 's go to take more than just a simple peasant girl to ... yolande I be not interested in what you think , tremoille -- or even what I think . it 's what simple people think that matter , and the fact be that simple people up and down the country be already talk about she . now you know what simple people be like , always ready to believe any old prophecy ... like this one about a virgin from lorraine save France ...? ( hand tremoille the book ) and now this girl come along -- from lorraine -- and suddenly there 's a spark of hope in they simple mind . we should not disappoint they . if they believe in she -- if she can put back the fire in we army -- then I believe in she too . ext . chinon - long shot - night move torch gallop toward we -- a flame flare through foreground with a whoosh , panning round as soldier ride toward the distant castle of chinon -- a gloomy great silhouette , rise against a bloody sunset ... int . chinon - great hall - night celebration after a hunt . troubadours play -- a whole tree trunk be burn in the vast chimney . a page come run into the big room and hurry excitedly over to Charles . page she 's come , you majesty ... with a armed escort ! charle alright , alright -- calm yourself . tremoille you majesty , I urge you not to see this woman . it all reek of a burgundian trap ! charle my astrologer assure I that the hour be p-p-propitious -- Leo , with Virgo rise . have you ever notice on the astrological chart how the virgin be next to the lion ? tremoille suppose she 's a assassin ? charle tremoille , I be not even king yet ... who would want to assassinate I ? look around at he courtier ? they all would . ext . chinon courtyard - night a flame swirl in the darkness -- the urgent clatter of horse hoof -- steaming breath in the cold night air -- the SOUND of festivity come from the castle wall beyond -- the horse be rein -- one whinny as soldier jump down onto the cobble -- a dark cape wrap about a figure ... int . chinon - great hall - night another page boy burst in -- page # 2 she 's arrive , my lord ! she 's in the guard ' room . charle so ... I suppose I would better make a decision . Charles glance between tremoille , regnault and yolande , but -- either by accident of will -- none be look he way . he sigh deeply to the dash , open -face young soldier we see earlier , Jean d' aulon ... charle oh dear , why be life so complicated ? sometimes I really wish I could be someone else . aulon that 's a good idea , sire . charle what do you mean ? aulon let someone else pretend to be you , and see if ... charle ... if she can find I ? -- that 's a brilliant idea ! if she 's really be send by God she will discover the trap , and if she 's a assassin she will kill the wrong man ! ( to the page ) bring she up ! Charles turn to a coterie of army captain , stand aside and aloof from the courtier whom they evidently despise . charle my dear captain , I have have a brilliant idea ! we be go to have a little game . now ... let 's pretend my throne be empty . who want to be the king ? they all put up they hand ... charle now there 's a heart - warming sight ! so let 's see ... which one of you could possibly pass as king ? he turn to the Duke of alencon , 25 , strikingly handsome in he bright , gild armor . charle ah , alencon , my noble duke , my royal cousin -- so fine , so brave , so rich -- so very rich -- so far-too - rich to be the King of France . everyone know I be the poorest man in my kingdom . he turn to gille de rais : a dark , glamorous seducer , dress in black armor with a ring through one ear . charle gille de rais ... marshal of France ... formidable to man , fascinating to woman , fear by all . you would be perfect to sit on my throne ... so perfect that you might like it too much for my own piece of mind . Charles turn to the bearded La hire . charle ah , La hire -- my angry captain ... the bravest in France -- scar by a dozen war , but with heart and stomach for a dozen more . you could pass for the king ... LA hire damn bloody right I could ! charle ... until you open you mouth . no one with a tongue like yours could pass as the King of France . the other captain laugh heartily . charle ah well ... it look as though it 's go to have to be I after all ... but ... wait a minute ... Charles spot the shy Jean d' aulon . unlike the other court toady , aulon be a quiet , honorable man . charle why not you -- Jean d' aulon ? the only man who 's poorer than I be , and so the only man I can trust . dignify , honorable , wise ... what more could we ask of a king ? aulon my lord , I be not sure that ... Charles take he coat and put it around aulon 's shoulder . charle my dear aulon , to you it shall befall the honor of impersonate the royal blood ! aulon majesty , I can not ... charle why , be you not ready to die for you king ? aulon of course I be , it 's just that ... charle good . until then , feel free to live like a king ! laughter -- then the sound of approach excitement . charle hurry , hurry -- on the throne ... int . corridor - chinon - night armore foot clank along a stone corridor -- int . great hall - chinon - night Charles unceremoniously dump aulon on the throne ... aulon sire , you know how bad I be at this sort of game . charle so ... pretend it 's not a game . Charles abandon aulon and disappear among he courtier . a pair of page boy swing open the door : the courtier turn expectantly ; aulon try to pose as the king . from the Court 's Pov , a girl of 17 enter the great hall , dress in a grubby tunic , with long hair tie back beneath a hood . there could not be a more strike contrast than the sophisticated , opulent , yet cowardly courtier and this naive , rough girl , almost childlike in she simplicity , and yet so focus , so confident , so secure in she mission , with a courage that radiate conviction , and be contagious . the courtier step back to form a narrow channel as she move into the great hall . yolande mark the effect she presence have on the court , smile at they bemuse gaze . Jeanne pass the archbishop , who defend himself by sprinkle holy water in she path . tremoille oil he way toward she with a can - I - help ingratiate smile ... jeanne I have come to see the dauphin . tremoille nod obsequiously , ushere she toward aulon , who be now visibly uneasy . Jeanne stop in front of he . aulon gaze at she . Jeanne scan he a couple of time , look at he stonily . then smile . aulon melt , he cheek blush hot . Jeanne cock she head , like a inquisitive child . jeanne who be you ? aulon stammer in response ... aulon I be ... I be ... I be ... tremoille ... his most gracious majesty Charles de valois , dauphin of France ... she give aulon another smile . jeanne I can see you be a good man , but you be not the dauphin. ( to tremoille ) I be sorry to insist , but we have no time to lose . I must see the dauphin . where be he ? tremoille he 's here . ( a gracious gesture ) find he yourself . a brief pause , then Jeanne take up the challenge . she move on , examine the face acutely . although a few of the wimpol lady find she simple peasant dress amusing , most be catch like moth in she flame . she notice the Three captain ( La hire , alencon and gille de rais ) edging closer together , as though shield someone beyond . Jeanne approach they -- they draw closer together , but now we can see Charles , overtly curious , yet anxious to remain hide . his inquisitiveness win -- but as Jeanne walk up to he , the Three captain spring in front of she , sword draw , the tip press at she throat ... jeanne there 's no need to be afraid , sire . charle I be ... I be not the king ... jeanne I know you be not yet -- but you will be , soon . Charles make a gesture , and the soldier cautiously sheath they sword . charle h-h-how do you know who I be ? alencon her voice , of course ... gille " that 's he " they say , " the one with the big nose and bag under he eye . " they laugh -- whereupon Jeanne rush at Charles and fling herself on she knee , embrace he round the ankle . Charles scream -- the 3 captain redraw they sword -- the court gasp -- then Charles gesture the captain to back off . jeanne my gentle dauphin , I bring you good news . Charles put out he hand to she , allow she to rise . she draw close to he , whisper ... jeanne it be a message from the King of Heaven . for you -- and you only . Jeanne speak with such conviction that it seem unnecessary to doubt she . her mesmeric effect on Charles be be notice by he courtier . he hesitates a moment , then -- charle follow I . he lead she from the room . tremoille hurriedly follow they . Charles turn round in the doorway , barring he further access . tremoille you majesty , I really think you ... charle my dear loyal tremoille , I know I can count on you ... tremoille ... as always , majesty ... charle ... to ensure we privacy . I need to talk to she . alone . tremoille look non-pluss . tremoille as you wish , majesty . Charles disappear with Jeanne . tremoille ire at be bar be mollify by block the path of yolande . tremoille he need to talk to she . alone . int . castle - king be chamber - day Jeanne be seat face Charles in front of a huge fire . as the scene unfold , they face draw closer and closer . her voice be soft and sweet , but she conviction be absolute . jeanne I be about eight year old . it be a beautiful spring day . I be in the forest take a short cut home when the wind start blow in the tree -- such a strange sound -- almost like word -- as if someone be call ... flash : the little boy see earlier be seat on he chair in the middle of the field , point he finger at we -- int . castle - king be chamber - day Charles be intrigue ... jeanne the second time be many year later . it be autumn , and I be come back from church when suddenly the same violent wind start to blow again ... ext . field - sfx - day flash : the wind lift Jeanne ( 17 ) from the ground , spin she forward and flatten she on she back , she arm outstretch , her face gaze upward at the sky ... jeanne ( o.s. ) everything be move so fast -- the wind -- the cloud -- I could not move ! then suddenly a shape appear in the middle of the sky ... the fast - move cloud resolve themselves into the shape of a face ... the face of a old man . he open he mouth wide , radiating a shaft of sunlight that strike Jeanne , still lie in the field . the old man 's mouth seem to form the word " Jeanne " , but the sound that emanate be so vast that we can not be sure . suddenly the mouth snap shut , release a huge flash of light -- int . castle - king be chamber - day -- Charles jump back , startle yet totally absorb . Jeanne 's eye sparkle with tear -- jeanne I be so frighten ... he be so -- so here ... flash : the Boy be still sit in he forest seat , but now he be a beautiful young man , point he finger at Jeanne -- jeanne ( o.s. ) I realize then that he have choose I , but I do not understand what it be I have to do ... Jeanne 's eye sparkle with intensity ... jeanne what be my mission ? to help my country ? but how could I do that ? I be only a poor girl who know nothing about riding or make war ... so I decide to wait and not to speak to anyone about it . charle you do well ... jeanne I do not wait long . one day I be go to mass , like I do every day , when the same strange wind start blow again ... int . / ext . church - sfx the double door of a church be blow open by wind come from inside -- right in front of Jeanne ! surreal shaft of light criss -cross the interior from the stain - glass window , illuminate Jeanne in myriad hue and color . she sway uneasily as the central stain - glass window above the altar start to warp and undulate , like heat wave create a mirage . the image of a beautiful archangel slowly come to life , step out from the window frame , then move toward Jeanne ... jeanne everything be suddenly make clear to I . God be finally call I . he have a mission for I -- a message to deliver ... the archangel open he arm to Jeanne as though to embrace she . she drop to she knee , open she arm and -- flash -- int . castle - king be chamber - day Charles be in suspense , he face sweat ... charle ... and what ... what do he say ? jeanne he say that I have to save France from she enemy and give she back to God , and he tell I that I -- Jeanne -- will lead you to the altar at rheim to be crown King of France . Charles slowly release the breath he 's be hold -- and the brim tear run down he cheek . Jeanne take he hand and place it on she own damp cheek ... jeanne all you have to do now be put you trust in I . Jeanne kiss he hand , and Charles be almost overcome with emotion . he seem , for the first time , utterly defenseless , like the little hurt boy that he be . charle I trust you , Jeanne -- I do -- and I envy you certainty , but how can I be certain that I have the right to call myself king when I do not even know who my father be . my mother can not even remember ... I -- I need to know ... Jeanne gaze at he a moment , then place she hand either side of he head and draw he slowly forward until both they forehead be touch ... flash : a series of too- perfect image : 1 : a bell come crash down on top of we -- 2 : the royal banner fly triumphantly in the wind -- 3 : English captain throw down they weapon and kneel in submission before Charles -- 4 : huge city gate swing open , release a jubilant crowd who welcome the King in triumph -- 5 : charle kneel in rheim Cathedral -- 6 : bejewel hand place the crown of France on he head -- int . chinon - king chamber - day Jeanne 's hand hold Charles ' head , as though she have just crown he . for Charles , the fantasy have become reality . jeanne do you really believe that God would let all this happen ... if you be not the true King of France ? int . castle - great hall - day the courtier talk among themselves , nervously await Charles to rejoin they . presently the door open and Charles emerge , follow by Jeanne . he be a man transfigure . tremoille look anxious . Charles glance at they , they expectant eye await he verdict . he lead Jeanne across to aulon . charle Jeanne , this be -- in fact -- my loyal friend and finest archer , Jean d' aulon . Jean ... I place she in you care . find she suitable lodging -- here -- in the castle ... and guard she with you life . aulon yes , my lord . jeanne I do not need lodging if we be to be march on Orleans ... charle Orleans have hold out for six month . I do not suppose a few day will make much difference . take some rest . Jeanne follow Jean d' aulon from the great Hall , watch in silence by he courtier . as soon as she 's go , the whole room be fill with the myriad buzz of opinion . gille give Charles the eye ... gille she certainly cast a spell on you . Charles draw he three captain aside . charle she will cast she spell on everyone if she 's give half a chance ... and we must ensure that she get that chance . the captain look astonished . charle can you imagine the effect it will have on the English -- to see a girl riding at the head of we army ? LA hire yes . they will bleed wet themselves ! laugh . gille we be not you favorite captain anymore ?? charle no -- I mean yes ! -- of course ... alencon Charles ... you want to give the command of we army to a -- woman ?? charle of course not ! you be the one in command , as always ... but if she can put back the fire in we soldier , then maybe you , my dear captain , will be able to raise the siege of Orleans . what do you think ? gille brilliant idea ... but to be really effective , why not send a whole army of virgin ? LA hire that will put fire in my soldier ! the captain laugh -- at Charles ' expense . charle please , my friend ... you know I ... you know how certain I be about everything , but -- maybe for the first time in my life I -- I do not know why -- but I feel I have to trust she ... and now I be ask you -- I be begging you -- to trust I ... int . room - chinon castle - day Jeanne blow the dust from a wooden crucifix , then replace it above a bed . Jean d' aulon have bring she to a small room in one of the castle 's turret : clean , plainly furnish , but hardly hospitable . Jeanne inspect the room while aulon stand by the door . aulon listen , please accept my apology for ... you know , I pretend to be the ... well it be not really my idea ... well , yes it be my idea but ... jeanne do you think I could have some water ? Jeanne smile sweetly , catch aulon off guard . aulon yes , of course ... water ... anything else ? two page boy run into the room , carry luggage , water , wash bowl and some food . they be louis and raymond , both 13 , as inseparable as they be loyal . Jeanne look up , then sit on the bed , testing the horsehair mattress . jeanne I would like some fresh straw . aulon Louis ... water and fresh straw ! Louis go run off . jeanne and I would like to see a priest . aulon now ? jeanne yes . I do not confess today . aulon right. ( to Raymond ) Raymond ... a priest . Raymond go run off . jeanne I shall also be need a war horse -- mine be too slow -- and armor -- and a good sword -- and a artist to make I a banner . aulon now ? jeanne better today than tomorrow . aulon well ... uh -- this might take a little time -- but let I see what I can do . he 's about to leave when Jeanne add -- jeanne I also need someone who can read and write . aulon this I can do . ( Jeanne look surprised ) I be study at the University of Paris -- till the English invade it . jeanne I think you be a archer ? aulon yes , I be . I be a archer who can read and write . who do you want to write to ? jeanne the King of England . I want to give they the chance to leave Orleans in peace before I get there . aulon just stare at she . int . guard house - chinon - dawn Raymond hand a roll parchment to a Rider , already mount and wait ... ext . chinon castle & meadow - dawn the Rider gallop over the drawbridge and away . ext . chinon - terrace - day tremoille stand on a terrace before chinon , watch the rider head down the dusty highway . tremoille I can not believe you let she send such a letter ... Charles be a short distance away , watch Jeanne in a meadow below the castle , swish a stick from side to side . charle she 's go to do it . tremoille exchange a worried glance with archbishop regnault , who be stand behind Charles . regnault sire , it 's go to take more than a letter to drive out the English . tremoille a army for instance ... charle my captain have swear they support . tremoille no doubt you captain will fight for you fine cause -- but what about the ordinary soldier ? they do not fight for cause this day . they fight for money . who 's go to pay they ? yolande ( o.s. ) I be . yolande move forward , accompany by she daughter Mary ( Charles ' wife ) and grandson , young Louis . charle you will ?? yolande for the sake of France , Charles . and for the sake of my grandson . she pat Louis on the head . tremoille with respect , my lady -- the archbishop and I have begin delicate negotiation with the burgundian . if we can bring they over to we side ... yolande negotiate by all mean , but from a position of strength . if the English take Orleans , there will be nothing leave to negotiate -- the rest of the country will be theirs . tremoille my lady , it would be the height of folly to let this ... child ... lead we army in the king 's name without first verify she true motive . regnault tremoille be right . this girl must be subject to a rigorous examination by the doctor of the Church at Poitiers . we need to be absolutely certain that she be not a instrument of the devil . charle how can anyone be absolutely certain about anything ? we intuition be sometimes we best counselor ... regnault we must listen to mother Holy Church before listen to we intuition . tremoille wait ... she claim to be a virgin ... well that 's something we can examine -- and be absolutely certain about . Charles hesitates -- turn to yolande , who look somewhat uneasy at the suggestion . yolande why not ? Charles look across to Jeanne in the distance , still play with she stick . suddenly she swipe at a bulrush , violently decapitate its head . Charles look worried . charle let 's find out . int . poitier university - room - night a big , spacious room , into which file a procession of ten doctor of theology and ten notables , walk two - by-two . they divide either side of camera , then halt and about - turn , face inward with military precision . two page boy set up screen in front of the two row , prevent they from view Jeanne , who be stand on a low table between the row , wear a lace - up robe . now a procession of nun form up behind the table . two of they step forward , on cue , then proceed to loosen the lace of Jeanne 's robe and roll up the hem . meanwhile a old hag be wash she hand . with Jeanne suitably prepare , the old hag stand in front of she . two little Girls slip in a special stool and the old hag squat down , enable she to look between Jeanne 's leg . only woman be privy to this ritualistic inspection ; the man remain stand behind the screen . yolande wait with the disfigure Richmond near a window . the old hag be certainly take she time , and yolande be get decidedly nervous ... richmond ( whisper ) what if she 's not ? yolande I will kill she myself ... a few tense moment -- then the ancient hag announce with great solemnity ... hag there be no sign of corruption or violation . she be intact . ... to yolande 's visible relief . int . council room - poitier university - day a dark , musty council room , where theologian and learn doctor of the Church sit in wooden tier , examine Jeanne . archbishop regnault be among they . so too be Jean d' aulon -- but he as a silent , albeit supportive observer . Jeanne stand in the center of the room , hand fold , as though on trial . she 's evidently be here many hour . inquisitor # 1 and ... what exactly be this -- " vision " -- wear ? jeanne I do not remember . inquisitor # 2 be it wear a crown ? jeanne I see no crown . inquisitor # 3 well , be it naked ? the Court have a good chuckle . jeanne do you think that God can not afford to give he clothes ? a audible reaction , somewhere between amusement and admiration . a deadpan scribe carefully write down both question and answer in a large , vellum - bound book . inquisitor # 1 do this -- vision -- give you anything -- a object , like a ring , or a rosary or anything -- by which we can verify you claim ? jeanne he give I good advice . inquisitor # 4 during you childhood , do you have any sort of military experience ? jeanne no . inquisitor be you practice in the skill of swordsmanship ? jeanne no . but I be good with a stick . a murmur of laughter , though not from we . inquisitor # 4 do you know what a dijon culverin be ? jeanne no. inquisitor # 4 it 's a item of artillery . how do you expect to raise the siege of Orleans if you be ignorant about modern artillery ? jeanne the road to Orleans be long , and I have good captain with I . I will learn fast , believe I . the inquisitor and he colleague whisper in a huddle . regnault remain unconvince , and indicate he strong reservation . finally the Chief inquisitor address Jeanne . chief inquisitor we would like to believe you Jeanne , but we feel that if God be to want we to believe in you , he would have send you with a sign as proof that we should believe in you . we cannot advise the King to entrust you with the army merely on you assertion . can not you do something ? or show we something ? some sign to prove that you be send by God ? jeanne sire , I do not come here to preform trick . you be all much cleverer than I be -- I , I do not know a from B -- but this much I do know : that while the people of France lie bleed , you sit around in you fine clothes try to deceive I -- yet all you be do be deceive yourselves . you say you be man of God , yet you can not see his hand in have guide I safely through five hundred league of enemy country to bring you his help ? be that not proof enough ? or do you want still more sign ? give I command of a army , take I to Orleans , and there you will see the sign I be send to make ! aulon can barely restrain himself from applaud . the Chief inquisitor reach he decision , raise he gavel and -- ext . les tourelles - orlean - day -- down come a mallet , slamming out a safety wedge which release a catapult -- and a huge boulder fly across the river in the direction of Orleans ... ext . battlement - orlean - day a look - out spot the income missile -- yell out -- gamache 45 - er , nor-nor-west -- straight at we ! int . dunois ' hq - orlean - day dunois be alone , write a letter at a small table -- dunois which side 's that ? gamache ( o.s. ) window side ...!! dunois realize he 's near the window and dive for cover just as the massive boulder plummet through the ceiling , demolosh the table where he would be sit second before , and leave a huge hole in the wall . dunois emerge from under a large table , dusting himself . he look thin , haggard and exhaust after six month of siege . suddenly a young soldier -- poton de xaintrailles -- come burst in , ignore the mess ... xaintrailles my lord dunois ... I have wonderful news ! -- finally -- he 's send she to we -- thanks be to God -- we be save -- it 's wonderful ! dunois calm yourself , xaintraille . now slowly . who have finally do what ? xaintrailles the dauphin -- he 's send we food -- and supplies -- and a army -- lead by Jeanne -- the maiden from lorraine -- be not it wonderful ?! dunois ( deadpan ) yes , it 's a miracle . xaintrailles and it 's not the first one ! they say she save a little boy who be die of ... dunois xaintraille ...! do not talk to I about miracle ... ( point to hole in floor ) if I be still sit there wait for a miracle , I would be dead now . anyway ... dunois look up at the sky , now visible through a hole in the roof . xaintrailles but ... do not you think we should at least ... go and ... welcome she ? dunois ( sigh ) as long as she bring food and supplies , she will be welcome . ext . river bank & Pov of orlean - day the wall city of Orleans stand in the distance on the far side of the river loire . camera crane down to find dunois , xaintraille and a small escort of soldier , wait atop a ridge where they be evidently be for some time . gamache I can not believe they be send a woman . dunois maybe they never send anyone . traveling shot : horse 's hoof gallop ... gamache I wonder what color dress she will be wear ? traveling shot : horse 's breath steaming ... gamache I will wager red -- how about you ? dunois Blue ... traveling shot : stirrup press into the horse 's flank ... dunois ... with a blue ribbon in she hair to tie up Talbot ! traveling shot : the horse 's eye , wild and dilate ... dunois do anyone know if she even know how to ride a horse ? traveling shot : horse 's leg at the triple gallop ... xaintrailles she know ... there Pov : a white banner sweep into shot -- then a knight clad in shin white armor . the knight raise he visor to reveal -- Jeanne , she face gleam with sweat , eye blaze . dunois be speechless . jeanne be you send by Lord dunois ? dunois yes ... they be . jeanne good . where be the English ? dunois everywhere . where be the food ? jeanne it 's come -- I ride on ahead . I have to speak with the Captain of the English army ... he name 's Talbot ... dunois I know ... jeanne good . can you bring I to he ? dunois he 's on the other side of the river . now La hire and gille de rais ride into view ... jeanne so who give the order to bring I to this side of the river ?? LA hire ( call to dunois ) hey , my friend ! I be glad to see you ugly damn face again ! jeanne La hire , I be warning you -- do not swear ! LA hire sorry Jeanne ... ( to dunois ) do you both meet already ? dunois well ... sort of ... gille ( to dunois , smile ) she 's quite something , huh ? LA hire Jeanne , let I introduce the king 's half brother , the dogge Lord dunois . jeanne then , Lord dunois , show I the way to the other side of the river ... she start to move as Jean d' aulon ride up -- dunois wait , wait ... jeanne for what ? dunois because ... because -- I mean -- the English have a broad sense of humor , but ... I mean , you do not understand ... to they you be a witch , work for the devil . what make you think they will listen to you ? jeanne because if they do not , I will raise such a war- cry against they that they will remember we forever ! dunois well . I would love to see that , but after take counsel with my captain , I feel it would be better to first bring the food into the city , then wait till alencon arrive with reinforcement before do anything . jeanne you may have be with you counsel , but I have be with mine , and I be tell you , God 's counsel be wiser than yours , and he 's tell I to speak to the English -- now ! dunois ( match she anger ) Fine -- go now if you want , but not with I ! you may have a duty to God but I have a duty to my people , and my people be starve ! so right now I be go to take the food back to the city , and if you can please calm down , and let I accompany you to Orleans , it will be my honor to welcome you . gille smile at Jeanne 's evident frustration . ext . east gate - STREET & square - orlean - dusk the batter east gate of Orleans swing open , and a convoy of wagon enter the town , guard by soldier . Jeanne and the captain be on horseback , the remainder on foot . a group of hungry child spot the arrival , they eye widen at the sight of the food : beef , mutton , chicken , sack of grain , barrel of salted fish ... but most of the citizen be too starve and too weary to show much excitement ; hollow - eye and emaciate , they have the expressionless face of concentration camp inmate . La hire be sicken at the sight ... LA hire Jesus Christ ... the goddamn English will pay for this ! jeanne they will -- and so will you if you go on swear like that . by the time the little procession have reach the main square , a crowd have gather . sluggishly they make way for Jeanne and dunois to ride between they ... now the interest in Jeanne begin to warm up -- the crowd press in on she . slowly at first , but with increase fervor , the pressure build as the crowd try to touch she . crowd bless we , Jeanne ...! save we ! ext . jeanne's house - orlean - night Soldiers push back the crowd , allow Jeanne to reach a large gable house . as she dismount , a woman run forward -- woman Jeanne ! bless she -- touch she ! the woman hold up she baby for Jeanne to touch . jeanne touch she yourself ... you touch be just as good as mine . woman but ... you have be send by God ! jeanne so have everyone . Jeanne turn sharply away and walk inside the house , follow by aulon and the other . int . hq - orlean house - night a frustrated Jeanne march into dunois ' new war-room . dunois enter , follow by he captain , and be happy to see a model of Orleans ... dunois La hire , gille -- let I show you something ... the captain go into a huddle , leave Jeanne smart . she look out of the window , where the crowd be still try to catch a glimpse of she . jeanne who do they think I be ?! aulon Jeanne , calm down . you can not blame the people -- they have be hearing all about you for week . jeanne there 's nothing to hear -- I have not do anything . and why have not I do anything ? ( turn to the captain ) because none of you will listen to I !! she shout in frustration , and dunois and the other captain swing round . dunois wait for the echo to die away . dunois would you like to join we ? we be about to discuss the campaign ... Jeanne walk over , still vex . use the model , dunois continue he situation briefing . dunois from here , Talbot have spread he force between this fort up here , but in the last few day it seem -- accord to we scout -- that some troops have be deploy to this fort here -- which make I think that this be where they will be launching they attack from ... dunois point to St. loup -- a smaller fort to the east . gille I would have think they would have attack from here , where Talbot be . dunois I doubt it . from here they will not be able to utilize the river , whereas over here the current will be with they . LA hire what about this huge pile down here ? dunois that 's the tourelles . the English be plan to launch a attack from it , but then we break down the bridge , which should keep they quiet for a while . my hunch be , the attack will come from St. loup . he pause , then turn to Jeanne , somewhat apprehensively . gille and ... what do Jeanne think ? jeanne I do not think . I leave that to God . I be nothing in all this , I be just the messenger . dunois so ... what be the message ? jeanne we offer the English a last chance to return home in peace . if they refuse , we recross the river and attack they here -- at the tourelles . they all look astonished . gille grin . dunois Jeanne , that really make no sense at all . the tourelles be virtually impregnable ... besides , if we be on the other side of the river attack the tourelles , what 's to stop Talbot attack the city from the north ? jeanne God . gille God ... why of course -- we would forget about he ! strange , I do not seem to remember see he at agincourt . LA hire damn right ! gille oh , but I forget ! it be a Sunday ... that explain it . God 's day off . they all laugh , apart from aulon and the page boy . jeanne you know , I feel a great sorrow for you , because you be laugh now , but by tomorrow night some of you will be dead and have to repeat you joke in front of God . dunois Jeanne , with respect -- we can not just attack the tourelles like that -- it 's a very complicated matter and ... jeanne what complicated about it ? all you have to do be do what you be tell -- what could be simpler than that ? I be the drum on which God be beat out he message -- beat so loudly it 's burst my ear -- but you be all so full of you own voice , you be deaf to his ! aulon Jeanne , be patient ... Jeanne turn on he -- jeanne " be patient , be patient " ... be that the only advice you can ever come up with ?? I have show more patience than a dozen saint ! dunois Jeanne , you have to understand -- it 's not easy for we -- I mean for we pride -- to suddenly be usurped by a -- well , with all due respect , by a ... girl . jeanne ah , so that 's it . to you I be just a girl . dunois Jeanne , put yourself in my shoe for a moment -- how would you feel , if you be I ? jeanne know what I know ? enormous gratitude . Jeanne turn and head for the door . La hire nudge gille as she approach -- LA hire one hell of a girl , huh ? as she pass , Jeanne slap La hire right across the face -- jeanne I warn you ! -- and walk out , slamm the door behind she . the other stare after she , while La hire nurse he cheek . gille ( to La hire ) I do love she when she fire get well and truly stoke ! LA hire I too ... a pause , then the door at the other end of the room burst open and in walk the expansive Duke of alencon . alencon hello my friend ! what a journey , but we make it ! back together again ... let 's have some fun ! he rub he hand in anticipation , then note he comrade ' expression , still recover from Jeanne 's outburst . alencon do I miss something ? int . jeanne's bedroom - orlean house - night Jeanne draw she sword with a terrifying scrape as though about to kill someone , slice something in f.g. -- and a chunk of black hair fall to the ground . jeanne so what if I be a girl ...? ( cut another chunk ) you need to look like a man to drive out the English ? ( and another ) Fine ... let 's look like a man ! aulon grab she by the wrist to take the sword from she -- aulon Jeanne , stop it ! jeanne how dare you stop I do God 's will ! aulon wrestle to get the sword from she -- aulon he do not tell you to cut all you hair off ...! jeanne how dare you tell I what God tell I to do ! aulon alright , whatever -- but since he 's not go to come down and cut it himself , at least let someone cut it properly ! he finally manage to grab the sword from she ... aulon Raymond -- bring I scissors ! Louis -- fetch that mirror ! the two page boy hop to it , but when Louis bring the mirror , Jeanne slap it from he hand ... aulon Jeanne , stop get so angry about everything ...! calm down ! Jeanne stare at he . jeanne I be calm . it 's God who 's angry . I need to send a letter . now . aulon look at she . int . hq - orlean house - night dunois read the parchment that aulon hand to he ... jeanne ( v.o. ) to you , Henry King of England , and to you , Duke of bedford who call yourself Regent of France , obey the King of Heaven and abandon you siege ... dunois can scarcely believe it . he hand it to alencon ... jeanne ( v.o. ) ... give back the key to the other town you have take , and go back home to you island ... equally bemuse , alencon hand it to La hire ... jeanne ( v.o. ) to you Lord Talbot , I beg you as humbly as I can beg you , for the sake of the life of you soldier , do not bring about you own destruction ... La hire whistle with admiration and hand it to gille . jeanne ( v.o. ) surrender to I , Jeanne the maiden , who be send here by God , and she will make peace with you ... gille grin , and hand back to aulon , who look to dunois for a answer . dunois give a vague nod of the head ... ext . broken bridge - orlean - night as Jeanne 's letter continue , aulon walk across the break stone bridge that once connect the city to the south bank of the loire . two -third the way across , the bridge end abruptly , leave a yawn gap between we and the fortress of the tourelles . jeanne ( v.o. ) ... but if you do not heed my warning , then we shall raise such a battle - cry as there have not be hear in France for a thousand year ! aulon take the arrow to which Jeanne 's letter be already tie , place it in the bow -- take aim and fire ... ext . tourelles - roof / courtyard - night the arrow land in wooden planking . a English soldier with a flame red beard yank it out , give it a cursory glance , grin , then clamber down to the courtyard below where soldier be busily trimming the branch from freshly - fell tree . redbeard hand the letter to a English captain , glasdale ... jeanne ( v.o. ) this be the third and last time I will write to you ... glasdale read it , and give he response . ext . broken bridge - orlean - night aulon be still wait at the end of the break bridge . jeanne ( v.o . ) if you be still here at noon , I warn you that you will hear from I to you very great destruction . please give I you answer speedily . redbeard yell out from the top of the tourelles ... redbeard go fuck yourself ! int . jeanne's bedroom - orlean house - night aulon hesitates , then softly open the door . he tiptoe into the room , look at Jeanne , then at Louis , who have fall asleep with the scissors still clasped somewhat dangerously to he chest . aulon gently remove they . as he place they on the table , Jeanne murmur in she sleep , but without open she eye . jeanne what do they say ? aulon uh ... they say ... they will think about it . jeanne good . aulon but ... to be honest ... I do not think they will leave tomorrow . Jeanne be almost asleep again ... jeanne I can not wait ... for tomorrow ... aulon sit in a chair nearby , gaze at Jeanne , who now look even young , with she hair shorn short like a boy . ext . battlefield - ST . loup - dawn smash CUT into the fury of battle -- sword hack through armor , whirling mace smash visor , blood spurting from severe limb ... among the combatant : dunois , alencon , La hire and gille ... int . jeanne's bedroom - orlean house - dawn Jeanne suddenly sit bolt upright , eye wide . aulon be still asleep in he chair where we last see he . jeanne french blood be spilling ! aulon awake as she leap to she foot , strapping on she breast plate and gauntlet ... aulon what 's go on ?! jeanne they have start the battle without I ! she tip the two page boy onto the floor ... jeanne oh , my boy -- why do not you wake I up ?! come on , hurry up -- Raymond , saddle my horse -- there 's a battle to fight and a war to be win ! Raymond run off and aulon take he place , help Louis to buckle on Jeanne 's armor . she rush off , leave Louis to assist aulon with he own armor ... ext . house & STREET - orlean - dawn Jeanne run out of the house to where Raymond be stand with she horse . she mount it and canter off ... int . jeanne's bedroom - orlean - dawn still buckle on he own armor , aulon spot Jeanne 's furle white banner lean against the wall ... ext . house & STREET - orlean - dawn Jeanne suddenly remember she 's forget she banner . she turn she horse about and canter back , scream out -- jeanne my banner ! I forget my banner ! aulon appear at the window , hold she banner -- aulon Jeanne ... here ! Jeanne circle about and canter forward ... jeanne throw it ! aulon throw it down to she . she catch it with one hand , turn and gallop off down the street , the white banner stream out behind she . ext . east gate - orlean - dawn the Guard above the main gate see the french army approach in full retreat . he call down ... guard open the gate ! ext . street - orlean - dawn spark fly as the hoof of Jeanne 's horse strike the flint cobblestone , swift and clean ... ext . ST . loup valley - orlean - dawn ... unlike the hundred of hoof pound through mud and mire in the opposite direction . ext . east gate - orlean - dawn Jeanne reach the gate as they be swing open , and the first of the retreate troops make it back to the city -- among they , La hire and gille de rais ... jeanne what happen ? who give the order to attack ? LA hire God know , but it be a bad idea ! jeanne ( to gille ) be the man confess ? where be the priest ? gille ( out of breath ) we do not take they ... we want to be fast ... want to make a surprise attack ... dunois ride up and Jeanne assail he -- jeanne dunois ... be it you who order the attack ? answer I ?! dunois can we -- uh -- discuss this later ? jeanne sooner be better than later ! Jeanne charge forward , into the confuse rank of retreate french soldier . dunois think she 's go crazy -- dunois come back ... you will be kill ! but Jeanne 's not listen . she 's be wait long enough for this moment , and now she have it , there 's no go back . she stand in she stirrup and shout out -- jeanne follow I and I will give you victory ! La hire be the first to change he mind , riding up behind Jeanne like attila the hun as she gallop forward into the path of the retreate french . now the Duke of alencon join they , and soon the whole army have turn about -- a immense tidal wave of energy roll back across the valley ... ext . ST . loup fortification - orlean - day ... toward the astonished English . one moment they be pursue they hapless enemy , but now a avenge angel bear down on they , sunlight glint off she armor . they start racing back toward they own fortification : the bastille St. loup -- a great fortress amid a network of trenches and tunnel ... the french army be finally behave as a single organism whereas the English cohesion fragment into shard of individual panic -- every man for himself ! they regard Jeanne as a sorceress , and terror spread like cancer among they rank . they turn and flee back to they own line , only to be bombard by a fusillade of they own missile , poorly aim at the french . soon the St. loup tower be ablaze , the English be force to abandon they fortress ... and the french finally get to celebrate they first victory within live memory . Jeanne have become a object of worship and veneration , and the soldier crowd about she , cheer she as they savior . presently dunois ride up with he captain ... dunois it 's a great victory , Jeanne ... you victory . but we must follow it through and pursue the English back to Talbot 's camp ... unless of course you have another good idea ? Jeanne close she eye a moment ... then smile at dunois . jeanne we return to Orleans ... across the bridge , at the tourelles . gille but the bridge have be pull down ! jeanne the English be rebuild it . dunois how do you know ?! flash : Jeanne and she army be silently move through a forest . from she Pov , she notice hundred of fresh trees-stumps ... jeanne you have be with you counsel , and I have be with mine . ext . tourelles complex - orlean - day the English be move up the stripped tree we see earlier from the tourelles courtyard toward the break bridge . glasdale survey the operation with satisfaction . ext . tourelles - Pov from roof - day redbeard and the other English Guards on the roof of the tourelles spot Jeanne 's army in the far distance . redbeard call down to glasdale ... redbeard glasdale ! look like the froggie whore 's come to pay you a visit . ext . monastery - orlean - day Jeanne ride at the head of the army , flanke by dunois , La hire , alencon , gille , aulon , xaintraille . they halt in front of a ruin monastery to the south of the tourelles . Jeanne give instruction for the placement of artillery ... jeanne position the long -bow over there , crossbow over there -- and set up dijon culverin either side of that tree ... dunois the wind will be against we ... jeanne the wind will be with we ! ( to the captain ) do as I say . ext . tourelles - battery - day the English take up they position along the rampart of the battery -- a massive , square fortification , surround by a deep , empty moat . Jeanne ride forward to the edge of the dry moat , she banner billow in the breeze , and address the English ... jeanne glasdale , can you hear I ? you who call I a whore , I pity you soul and the soul of you man . yield now to the King of Heaven , and go back to you island ... glasdale and you , go back to Hell ! Jeanne turn and gallop back to the french soldier as glasdale turn coolly to redbeard -- glasdale do not kill she till I have have my fill of she ! -- and walk back to the tourelles . the french have establish a temporary headquarters . dunois be draw a map in the dirt and be prepare a battle plan with he captain ... dunois let 's plan this attack a little more carefully than this morning ... gille good idea ! jeanne ( o.s. ) ( call ) my fine soldier ...! dunois turn to see Jeanne , stand before the army ... jeanne this morning , God give we we first victory , but that be nothing compare to what he be ready to give we now . I know you be tired and hungry , but I swear to you in the name of the King of Heaven that even if this English be hang from the cloud by they fingertip , we shall tear they down before nightfall ...! now , my brave soldier ... let that who love I follow I ! with a valiant cry , a thousand soldier tear forward behind Jeanne . dunois be speechless . gille lay a sympathetic hand on he shoulder . gille you be say ? Jeanne ride at full tilt down into the dry moat , and for the next few minute , the air be thick with the tumult of battle . as each successive wave swarm across the moat , so they be meet by a fusillade of English flame and steel from the battery above . but the french respond with equal fervor : the dijon culverin deploy by Jeanne now rain a aerial bombardment of boulder down upon the English , while they arrow darken the sky above ... Jeanne reach the base of the battery . she leap down from she horse and start to climb one of the ladder be throw up against the wall ... but be suddenly strike by a arrow from the rampart above . she reel -- the ladder sway -- and aulon catch she in he arm as she fall back to earth . redbeard be jokingly furious -- redbeard hey , you just kill my woman ! the English laugh and jeer , but the french be in dismay at the sight of they Jeanne , unconscious , lie in aulon 's arm , with the arrow wedge deep above she breast . ext . monastery behind tourelles - day aulon , La hire and xaintraille carry she to the ruin monastery while the two page boy follow anxiously behind . int . ST . augustine monastery - day they enter the shell - shattered sanctuary of a gothic chapel where aulon direct they to lay Jeanne against the wall . in the distance we can hear the muffle sound of war , but in here it be strangely quiet . the great war-lord stand in a semi-circle , pathetically wring they hand , like the seven dwarve bereave the stricken snow White . the sight of tear trickle down La hire 's scar cheek be as touch as it be pathetic . aulon wipe she brow , lean in very close to feel she pulse and whether she mouth exhales breath . he turn to Raymond , who stand close by with Louis -- aulon go and find the physician ... I see he with the supplies . Raymond race off ... gille we have to take out the arrow now . aulon it 's in so deep -- I be afraid she will bleed to death if we pull it out ... LA hire there must be something we can do for she for chrissake ! gille ( sarcastic ) yes . we can pray . LA hire good idea ... La hire turn and direct he pledge to the break stain - glass image of Christ above the trash altar ... LA hire I swear I will never swear again in my life if you save she life ! but I be warning you , if you let she die , then you be the biggest ... jeanne do not swear ... Jeanne stir , she eye beginning to open ... LA hire he hear I ! aulon Jeanne ... we think we would lose you ! jeanne not so ... easily . why be not you ... fight ...? go on ... we be almost there ... aulon Jeanne , you have be badly wounded ... jeanne no , it 's ... it 's nothing , it 's ... speak provoke a sudden stab of pain . she try to clutch the arrow , but aulon stop she . he peel back she shirt , expose the bloody wound above she pale breast . gille it 's a arrow , and it 's in deep ... aulon you must stay still till the physician arrive ! LA hire physician be a waste of time . you will have more luck with this charm of mine ... it save my life at agincourt ! jeanne I would sooner die than use magic ! aulon Jeanne , you will die if that arrow stay in you much longer ... Jeanne suddenly seize the arrow and yank it out of she body . blood spurt -- the suddenness and violence of she action catch the man unaware , and it 's a moment before aulon can stem the flow with he hand . Jeanne look at the arrow before throw it aside ... jeanne at least this one will not bother we any more . now let 's get back to the fight ! she try to get up ... and collapse , grab aulon ... aulon Jeanne ... please ... you must stay calm ... you must rest ... please ! he lay she back down . Jeanne whisper to he , intimately . jeanne alright ... I promise to rest if you promise ... to go back to the battle . aulon I promise ... Jeanne smile -- then suddenly collapse ... LA hire oh shit ! Jeanne ... do not die ! La hire break off as Raymond arrive back with the physician ... aulon quickly ... do something ! the physician kneel beside she and listen for any sound of life . all the captain crowd closer and closer , and as we too move closer , we hear the sound of deep breathe , almost a snore . physician she 's sleep . like a baby . La hire and the other sigh with relief . ext . tourelles - battery - dusk dunois survey he army 's attempt to storm the English battery . it be now dusk , and without Jeanne the battle have become a half -heart affair . he turn to a trumpeter as aulon come run up ... aulon Jeanne 's alive ! dunois good . aulon we have to press home the attack ! dunois ( to the trumpeter ) sound the retreat ... aulon but I promise Jeanne we would fight on ! dunois I make no such promise . sound the retreat for the night ! aulon but that be she order ! dunois I be feed up with take she order . she swore she would defeat the English before nightfall , instead of which she go and play the fool and get herself nearly kill ! look at the mess we be in ! that 's she mess , not mine ...! we be worse off then if she would never come at all ! ( to the trumpeter ) ... now do as I say and sound the retreat ! the trumpeter obey and signal the evening wrap . the English jeer and whistle from they impregnable battery as the french head back up the sloping side of the moat . int . ST . augustine monastery - dusk Jeanne lie asleep inside the ruin church , guard by she two page boy . a small fire burn nearby to keep she warm , but she be shiver ... ext . orlean - jeanne's nightmare - night she suddenly awake with a start , then get up and go to the fire . she kneel down ... put she hand in the flame ... and scoops up a handful of ash . she paint she face with the black ash , like a native warrior , then stand back up , turn to face a small army ... jeanne my brave soldier , do you believe in God ? the Army cry out " yeesssss ! " jeanne then let God 's punishment be do : Eye for eye ... ... and a sudden flash of lightning transform some of she man into skeleton ... jeanne ... tooth for tooth ...! ( another flash ) ... burn for burn ...! ( another flash ) ... life for a life ! ... a final flash , and she whole army be now a seethe swarm of skeleton . with a curdle cry of vengeance they race forward , pass either side of she ... Jeanne turn to see the skeleton army head across a bizarre bridge and onto the moonlit battery , flow either side of the 8 year - old boy she see in the wood as a child . intrigue , Jeanne follow he , but by the time she reach he , the boy have disappear . the skeleton have also vanish , to be replace by a army of little English boy in man-size armor , head toward a distant figure . the boy-soldier be be welcome by the beautiful man Jeanne see earlier . he smile at she , extend he arm in a Christ - like gesture of embrace ... as Jeanne approach he , other turn to welcome she -- aulon , dunois , alencon ... finally La hire , hold out he arm -- LA hire Jeanne , come here my friend , my soldier ... in my arm ! La hire scoops she up into he bear-like arm and swing she round ... suddenly , over he shoulder she spot a familiar figure : she dead sister . jeanne Catherine ?? she break from La hire and run to Catherine , throw she arm around she and sobbing with joy ... jeanne Catherine ... oh , Catherine -- I know you would not leave I ...! they stand for a moment , embrace each other , while La hire and the other captain applaud Jeanne 's victory . the beautiful young man approach they , but we now see that he have a sword clasped behind he back ... Catherine 's face contort in pain . she slump forward , the sword in she back . Beyond she , the beautiful man have transformed into the grotesque blackbeard , who roar with laughter as Jeanne hold she die sister ... catherine avenge I ... avenge I ...! a circle of fire form around they , with skeleton soldier dance in the flame ... blackbeard 's echoing laugh be gradually superimpose by real laughter and a familiar voice ... redbeard ( o.s. ) hey ... frenchy ... what happen to you precious angel , huh ? ext . tourelles - french camp - dawn all be quiet , the troops lie sleep . redbeard call through the mist from the raise drawbridge span the dry moat link the battery to the french camp -- redbeard frenchy , you hear I ? what happen to you little virgin ? Jeanne be awake . she listen to redbeard ... redbeard I will tell you what happen ... we send she back to Hell so she can go fuck with the Devil ! now Jeanne be caress she horse while redbeard taunt ... redbeard what be you go to do , frenchy ? why not come out and fight ? or be you too busy praying to bring you witch back from the dead ? do you hear I ? suddenly Jeanne emerge from the mist , riding she horse and brandish she banner -- jeanne I hear you ! May God forgive you blasphemy ... but I never can ! she turn and disappear back into the mist . ext . tourelles - battery - dawn redbeard blink in amazement . he turn to another soldier -- redbeard go and wake up glasdale ...! ext . tourelles - french camp - dawn Jeanne ride along the column of sleep soldier ... jeanne come on -- wake up -- sound trumpet and to horse ! the daze and sleepy french drag themselves from they straw bed . dunois emerge from he tent , bleary and half - naked ... dunois what 's go on ? jeanne we be take back the tourelles ! int . tourelles - turret room - dawn the Guard shake glasdale awake ... glasdale what 's happen ? guard my lord ... the french witch just come back from the dead . glasdale haul himself from he bed . ext . tourelles - french camp - dawn Jeanne supervise she man as they push a huge siege tower toward the dry moat . she ride over to aulon ... jeanne get all the man to horse and ready to follow ... aulon go as dunois hurry over ... dunois Jeanne , what be you do with that ... you have get it back to front ... jeanne I know what I be do , so either lend a hand or go back to bed ! ext . tourelles - battery - dawn redbeard watch in bewilderment as the siege machine start to materialize through the mist ... redbeard what the hell she 's play at ...? ext . tourelles - turret - dawn glasdale be equally perplex , gaze out from he garret window across the battery . a archer be by he side . glasdale crazy bitch ... she do not even know how to use it ... ext . tourelles - dry moat / battery - dawn the french wheel the enormous siege tower toward a wooden lip above the dry moat . the drawbridge be firmly raise on the far side . redbeard 's complacent expression change as he suddenly realize what 's about to happen ... redbeard oh shit ... he back away as the machine reach the lip . suddenly it topple forward , crash down on top of the raise drawbridge and demolosh it beneath its enormous weight ... ext . tourelles - turret - dawn from he elevate viewpoint , glasdale watch in horror as aulon lead the french cavalry across the siege machine bridge that now span the dry moat , give they access to the battery ... glasdale raise the drawbridge ! the archer pass glasdale 's order along -- a chain message that reach the gate - keeper , who promptly start to turn the winch ... ext . tourelles - battery - day as the french swarm onto the battery , redbeard and he soldier turn tail and race back toward the second drawbridge into the tourelles ... redbeard wait for I ! the bridge be already be winched up ... redbeard be the first to reach it ... with a desperate leap he manage to grab the lip of the bridge and scramble over ... ext . tourelles - courtyard - day ... roll down into the sanctuary of the tourelles on the far side . ext . tourelles - battery - day his comrade be less fortunate , and be slaughter by the advance french . Jeanne urge she troops forward , she white banner billow in the breeze , but with the drawbridge raise , there be no way for they to enter the tourelles . the English hurl fresh insult -- and bombard -- from the battlement above , and the french be force to take cover behind two ruin building on the battery . Jeanne ride across to a ruin barn where several cart be stack with fell tree-trunks . she spot La hire ... jeanne prepare this as batter - ram ! LA hire what 's the use ? the drawbridge be up ! jeanne not for long ... under a hail of English arrow , Jeanne ride back across the open battery to a ruin house on the other side . she see aulon and dismount ... jeanne the king say you be he finest archer ...? aulon well ... jeanne come with I ... int . ruined house - tourelles - day Jeanne lead aulon through the ruin house to the far end , where a window overlook the river - moat that separate the battery from the tourelles . jeanne you see that wooden beam ...? Jeanne point to the two beam support the chain of the drawbridge further along ... jeanne I want you to set they on fire ! int . tourelles - turret - day glasdale spot Jeanne run back across the battery . he summon he archer , point she out ... glasdale kill she . ext . tourelles - battery - day Jeanne leave the ruin house and spot gille stand with alencon . as she approach , gille spot the archer in glasdale 's window far above , take aim . jeanne gille -- fetch the dijon culverin and place they over there ... Jeanne turn she back -- the archer fire -- gille hold up he shield -- the arrow strike it -- and Jeanne turn back , unaware that he have just save she life . jeanne clear ? gille perfectly . gille head off , leave alencon look leave out . alencon and I ... what can I do ? jeanne um ... round up the horse and keep they safe ... alencon good idea . leave alencon to he task , Jeanne ride off ... ... and thump ! a flame arrow land in one of the drawbridge beam . ext . tourelles - complex - day a English soldier peer down to see both beam ablaze ... soldier fetch some water ! the command be pass down the line -- a bucket be lower into the river and haul back up -- the bucket rush up stone stair to the soldier on the battlement ... ext . tourelles - battery - day meanwhile Jeanne return to dunois and La hire -- jeanne stand by with the batter - ram ... dunois we need another ten minute ... jeanne the bridge will not wait ! LA hire leave it to I ... back on the battlement , the bucket of water be pass up to the soldier , who try to pour it over the edge and onto the blaze beam . aulon spot he from below and fire a flame arrow -- it pierce the soldier , who pour the water on himself , extinguish the flame ... ext . tourelles - complex - day tight shot : hand wind the handle of a bobbin -- a device be activate -- a lever throw -- a grille slide sideways ... ext . tourelles - battery - day the beam collapse -- the support chain give way -- and the drawbridge come crash down . Beyond it be a portcullis , but to La hire 's exuberant volunteer this be no barrier . carry bucket of flame oil , they charge forward ... ... but as they race across the drawbridge , a sudden volley of high - velocity arrow discharge from the lower aperture of the portcullis , fell they before they even get halfway across the bridge . ext . tourelles - complex - day the English cackle with delight at the sight of the die french writhe in the flame oil . redbeard -- in charge of the multiple balista -- order the device to be reload , then yell through the upper portcullis ... redbeard hey , what happen to the whore ? sorry ... virgin ! ext . tourelles - battery - day dunois view the massacre soldier lie on the bridge amid the die flame . Jeanne be about to mount she horse ... redbeard send she over here and she will not stay a virgin for long ! dunois Jeanne , do not do it ! just stop and think for once ! do not you see ? the gate 's a trap ... and he 's the bait ! redbeard roar with laughter as Jeanne yell back -- jeanne I take pity on you soul , englishman ! ext . tourelles - complex - day redbeard check the reloading of the balista ... redbeard what the matter ? frightened of a little English stuff ? ext . tourelles - battery - day Jeanne gently put she arm around she horse 's neck , whisper to it ... jeanne we must both be brave ... she kiss it lightly , then grab she banner from Louis , call out to the other -- jeanne when you see my banner touch the door , the fortress be ours ! ... and away she ride , across the drawbridge , still pile with the slaughter man from the first attack . redbeard ... and ... fire !! another volley of arrow discharge from the portcullis and Jeanne 's horse collapse . the English cheer ... int . tourelles - turret - day from he garret window high above , glasdale see Jeanne spread - eagle next to she dead horse on the drawbridge below . he turn to he servant with a grin ... glasdale this time she will not be back . ext . tourelles - battery - day aulon gape in horror ... but then suddenly Jeanne be back up on she foot again . gripping she banner , she dash forward toward the portcullis , implant it just as redbeard open a little slide grille -- Jeanne jab she banner through -- ext . tourelles - complex - day ... impale redbeard 's skull on the far side ! his body crumple to the ground , wedge between the base of the portcullis and the balista . ext . tourelles - battery - day Jeanne run back across the drawbridge , cry out ... jeanne the place be ours ! ext . tourelles - complex - day Inside the tourelles , the English try to operate the reload balista . but redbeard 's corpse be wedge so tightly that they can not move it ... ext . tourelles - battery - day Jeanne move aside as La hire and he man heave the cart laden with tree -trunk batter - ram across the bridge ... int . tourelles - turret - day glasdale have see enough ... int . tourelles - day ... he tear down into the courtyard , muster soldier as he go -- glasdale to arm ! to arm ! with a triumphant battle -cry , the french charge they batter - ram into the portcullis ... ext . tourelles - complex - day ... demolosh it like matchwood , then storm inside the fortress . glasdale cry out to he troops -- glasdale Soldiers ... in the name of the king , I want you to kill this french dog until there 's none leave ! the English troops swarm either side of the break portcullis , force most of the french back onto the battery ... ext . tourelles - battery - day La hire let out a blood-curdling , primeval war-cry and charge forward to meet the English wave head on . Jeanne be catch in the middle , buffete from side to side by a sea of heaving , sweat , bleed body ... in this melee it be impossible to know who be friend or foe , and the image become so blurred that we and Jeanne be soon lose in a mist of dust and noise ... ext . tourelles - dream - day flash : we eye be momentarily blind by the sun ... and when we return , we find Jeanne in the middle of the battery , but now totally alone , weaving she sword through the air in slow motion as she once do with she stick ... ext . field - dream - day / night flash : Jeanne be still weaving the air with she sword , but she be now a little girl of eight , play in the field we first see she in . the small boy look at she , smile ... flash : Jeanne continue to play , but be now 17 , and the boy be now a young man , still smile . he call out to she . man Jeanne ... what be you do ? jeanne play ... she sweep she sword and decapitate a flower . blood flow from the stalk ... Jeanne look at it , more in childish curiosity than astonishment or horror . she look at the sword , the blade now streak with blood ... man Jeanne ... what be you do ? Jeanne pause , look at he steadily ... and suddenly notice that blood be trickle down he face . a shaft of light blaze , wind billow ... and suddenly it 's winter , the tree naked , heavy with snow ... man what have you do to I , Jeanne ? Jeanne look horrify . the man put he hand to she face , gaze deep into she eye ... man what have you do to I ? jeanne I -- I -- I ... ext . tourelles - courtyard - day Jeanne be scream at aulon , who be grip she blood - splatter face as the man do ... aulon Jeanne , calm down , do you hear I ? be you alright ? jeanne yes ... aulon it 's over , Jeanne . we win , just as you say ! Jeanne look about she in a daze . La hire stride over , arm extend , extravagant as always -- LA hire Jeanne , come here my friend , my soldier ... in my arm ! Jeanne start laugh -- she can not believe it ... jeanne we ... win ?! LA hire won ?! such a small word will never do ! this be victory , Jeanne , this be ... glory ! he scoops she up in he bear-like arm like a ebullient lover , both laugh in the moment . he slowly turn she around , breathe in a great lungful of air and savore the smell of what Jeanne now see over he shoulder : the entire courtyard , knee - deep in body and bit of body -- include the gallant xaintraille . Jeanne too can smell the reek of fresh , warm gore . her laugh turn to a cry of anguish . La hire set she back down ... LA hire Jeanne -- what 's the matter ?? Jeanne be utterly horrify ... she leg tremble ... amber liquid trickle down she armor ... jeanne you call this ... glory ...? all this ... this blood ... this smell of ... LA hire ... the smell of victory , Jeanne ! mmmmmmm ! I love it ! jeanne it 's not possible ... Jeanne see a french soldier of meager wit , haul a die English soldier onto he knee for some obscure purpose . gille you look disappointed ... be not this what you want ? jeanne no ... not like this ... gille for week you have be ask for this ... well now you have it ! the soldier be about to smash the englishman 's mouth with a mace . Jeanne snap out of she momentary stupor and race across , stumbling over the dead body ... jeanne stop it ! what be you do ? soldier nothing ... just take he tooth . jeanne but you can not just kill a man for he tooth ! soldier why not ? he have good tooth ... jeanne because ... because you just can not ! gille Eye for a eye , tooth for a tooth ... Jeanne ignore the laconic gille ... soldier besides , what about this ...? jeanne that 's different ... I mean ... we be fight for a ... for a cause ! gille grin , but La hire look genuinely bemuse at Jeanne 's behavior . the soldier shrug , unimpress . soldier not I . he 's my prisoner ... I can take he tooth if I want to ... he be about to smash the tooth ... jeanne no ! she throw herself in front of the startle frenchman . jeanne take mine instead -- here -- smash mine first ! LA hire Jeanne ... get up ... this be ridiculous ... jeanne if you kill he , you kill I ! gille Jeanne ... let he do it . one more dead body 's not go to make any difference , so who care ? jeanne I care ! and I care because God care ! all life be precious to God -- even he -- even yours and mine ... LA hire Jeanne ... the man have not be pay for six month -- that 's he only reward . let he take a few tooth ... jeanne a few tooth ... that 's the price of he life ? soldier yeah ... jeanne here -- take this instead . she wrench a ring from she finger and fling it at the soldier . jeanne he 's mine now . Jeanne cut the englishman 's bond ... jeanne now you ... get out . the English soldier do not wait for further prompt . gille clap ... gille bravo ! what about all the other hundred of prisoner ? do we let they go too ? jeanne maybe ... I do not know ... but first we have to confess ... int . augustine monastery - day Jeanne march she blood -splatter captain into the church and up the aisle toward the rubble - strewn altar . she see a terrify franciscan priest and grab hold of he ... jeanne please ... we have to be confess ... all of we ... now ! I know it 's not normal custom , but sometimes ... you know ... we have to make a exception and ... and today be a exception ... the Priest look confound . Jeanne turn to the captain . jeanne he 's go to confess we . kneel ! all but La hire kneel , although they armor be stiff at the joint . LA hire Jeanne , if you do not mind ... I will stay stand ... this armor ... it 's a nightmare to get back up ... jeanne I say , kneel ! Jeanne raise she sword and bring the flat blade whack against the back of he leg . La hire crumple , and Jeanne turn to the Priest ... jeanne please ... we be ready ... begin ! the Priest be totally lose ... he begin to mumble a few word in Latin just as a soldier burst in -- soldier ( breathless ) the English ... they be form up ... thousand of they ... on the far side of the river ... the captain look anxiously at Jeanne . she hesitates a moment , then gaze up at the batter crucifix on the altar and close she eye in prayer ... ext . NORTH plateau - orlean - dawn Jeanne open she eye . it be dawn , and two silent army be draw up face one another : four thousand englishmen on the leave , two thousand frenchmen on the right . they have barely have time to recover from the tourelles , and the lust for battle be go . we sense that this be go to be a blood bath that nobody want . franciscan monk move among they , sprinkle they with holy water in final absolution . the battle line be too far apart for the English to see any detail , but the sight of mass soldier kneel before a invisible God be a awesome spectacle . Jeanne and the captain be mount , face the English . dunois well ...? shall we go ? jeanne not yet . dunois the English will not wait . Jeanne hesitates ... jeanne I will go . aulon Jeanne , no ... but dunois silence he , indicate to gille that he should accompany she . jeanne alone . dunois be again oblige to comply , and gille hang back . from the English line , we see a small , solitary figure emerge from the mass rank of french soldier . Jeanne move halfway between the two army . the English soldier watch she , mesmerize , while they captain remain motionless . in the middle of the field , Jeanne halt . from the french Pov she look dangerously vulnerable . the English commander -- talbot -- draw up alongside he captain , watch she with grey eye and a expression of stone . only we see that Jeanne be cry . she rub the tear away . jeanne I have a message for you King Henry . it be a message from God . the English stand silent . jeanne go home ... go now , in peace . if you do not go now , you will be bury in this field . I have see enough blood for today , but if you want more , I can not stop you . I can only warn you that it will be you blood , not ours . Talbot whisper something to one of he captain . he withdraw to pass the message on . Jeanne -- and she french captain -- try to gauge the English mood . jeanne I be wait for you answer . now the English captain start move along they flank . something 's about to happen . dunois and the french watch in dismay as the English flank move aside , expose they dread archer . Jeanne close she eye , tear brim . jeanne please , Lord ... do not ... do not let this happen ... do not leave I ... the English archer take a step back , they cavalry move slowly forward , then turn to they right , the man let they through . dunois turn to La hire ... dunois never wait for miracle . stand by to attack ... the serried rank of English infantry close in , then halt . we be ready for the worst , and it take Jeanne -- and we -- a full twenty second to realize what be happen : the English be leave . first the cavalry , then the infantry , finally the archer themselves . Jeanne can not believe she eye . she burst out laugh and cry at the same time . the french captain gape in astonishment . finally La hire can contain himself no longer -- LA hire by God and all the saint ... now that 's what I call a bloody miracle ! the french burst into jubilation ... int . chinon castle - day as the cheer build , we see a Messenger race along a corridor and burst into the throne room . Charles slowly rise on hearing the joyous news , clap he hand in delight -- not least at the discomfort of tremoille and regnault . but yolande share he enthusiasm , although we sense that the news come as no great surprise . int . rouen castle - day the cheer continue as another Messenger race along a similar stone corridor and burst in on the haggard Duke of bedford . he be the English regent , and be in council with several other , include the Bishop of beauvais -- one Pierre cauchon . as bedford hear the news , the cheer fade . he rise from he chair ... bedford I want that girl . I want she burn . ext . STREET - rheim - day the crowd go wild as Jeanne ride through the street of rheim , carry she banner in triumph . she be follow by aulon and she two page boy , and be accompany by soldier who do they best to hold the ecstatic crowd at bay . at the far end of the street : a magnificent cathedral . int . vestry - rheim cathedral - day backstage pandemonium as Charles be readied for he imminent coronation . a glamorous gille try to help he into he ermine robe ; tremoille stand with archbishop regnault , adjust he gold - trim cloak . a ancient bishop -- palsie and push 80 -- stand by , hand a-tremble . charle it 's too tight -- where 's the seamstress ? and that ... ( point to crown ) ... that 's mean to be a crown ? do not you have something more -- more regal ? a young Priest be hold the dowdy crown ... priest the English take the real one ... charle I ask for a grandiose coronation , and this be what you give I ? this whole thing 's go to be a complete fiasco ...! bishop sire , we be only give three day to prepare -- three day ! -- why , you father 's coronation take three month ! Charles turn to tremoille -- charle he 's probably right -- let 's call a delay ... tremoille there 's no time , sire -- we can not hold up the ceremony ... there 's no tell when the English might come back ... they be only ten league away ... charle let they come ! let they see who 's the true king of France ! further away , dunois be examine himself in a look - glass . he be stand with gille de rais , both resplendent in they armor , now clean and polished ... dunois it 's be muddy for so long , I forget how good it look when clean up ... LA hire do you remember to clean up what 's inside as well ? dunois rib he with he elbow , both laugh . in another corner , alencon be fast asleep . Charles be still grumble ... charle that damn English ... we should be do this in Paris ... in Notre Dame -- much more prestigious -- and twice as big as this one ! yolande , who have be stand quietly in the shadow with Richmond , step forward ... yolande it be the sacred place that matter , Charles -- not the size . be I correct , Bishop ? bishop oh yes , my lady . all true king of France must first be anoint in we great cathedral of rheim ... with the holy oil of clovis ... for it be within this very wall that Saint remy receive the sacred oil from Heaven , bring to he by a white dove for the anoint of King clovis ... tremoille yes , yes -- well let 's just get on with it , shall we ? gille ... before the English turn up and spoil everything . charle they would not dare ! gille I would not be so sure . it only take one of they -- in disguise -- gille pull a sharp dagger -- Charles look petrify ... gille ... with a good dagger ... that 's all it take ... gille lift the dagger ... and snip a loose thread from Charles 's shoulder ... gille ... to ruin the whole thing . gille sheath he dagger , but Charles be now panic . he glance at that around he as though one of they might be a spy . gille move away , and Charles turn to he page -- charle hurry up ! further away , the Bishop 's assistant Canon hurry in , hold a small jar -- canon you Grace , there can be no anoint ! bishop what in heaven 's name be you talk about ? canon the holy oil of clovis -- it 's all go ! the ancient archbishop can scarcely believe he ear . he peer inside the little jar just as yolande arrive with Richmond ... bishop go ?? but that 's impossible -- it 's magic oil ... I mean miraculous oil -- it can never be exhaust ... canon look for yourself ! the Canon offer it to the Bishop , but yolande intervene ... yolande Problem ? he hand she the little jar ... bishop I do not understand ... the holy oil of clovis ... it be quite full the last time I see it ... yolande and when be that ? bishop well ... at the coronation of King Charles VI ... yolande thirty year ago ? I be not surprised it 's go ... bishop no no , you do not understand -- this be no ordinary oil -- this be miraculous ... this oil be bring from heaven by a white dove to crown King clovis in this ... very ... cathedral ... yolande have move away , to be replace by the hideously - scar Richmond . the Bishop 's voice trail as he see yolande beyond he , take a oil lamp from the wall and pour a little oil into the jar . bishop w-w- what be you do ?! yolande perform a miracle . Richmond curtail any protest with a toothy grin . there 's a grow SOUND of excitement come from beyond . finally Jeanne appear in the doorway , carry she banner and follow by she faithful page boy , Louis and Raymond . La hire nudge alencon awake as she pass , give a admire whistle . charle ah , Jeanne ... come here ...! this whole coronation idea of yours be a fiasco ... nothing be ready ... jeanne ... you look wonderful ... charle ... and my crown do not fit and ... ( break off ) really ?? she look up and down , appraise he ... jeanne you look like a king . Charles melt . trumpet SOUND from the great Cathedral beyond ... int . rheim cathedral - day two tier of boy sing in plainsong as Charles enter through a small door and into the vastness of the crowded Cathedral . it be fill to capacity , with Jeanne 's comrade - in - arm fill the front pews like eager fan , strain for a glimpse of she . tremoille waddle behind Charles , with regnault , yolande and Richmond in tow . next , the two page boy -- and then at last the main attraction as far as this congregation be concerned -- the crowd let out a audible gasp as Jeanne enter in she white armor , carry she proud , war -scarre banner and escort by Jean d' aulon . La hire be so move at the sight that he have to wipe away big soppy tear ( for sentimentality be ever the flip - side of cruelty ) . alencon and dunois likewise gaze at they adore one , though gille be perhaps more take with the cherubic choir boy ... Jeanne tremble with emotion . this be the peak of she career , and she know it , and she 's make the most of it . as the little procession reach the nave , all but Charles filter aside . he walk forward alone to where archbishop regnault be stand -- a few pace -- then stop , turn -- and hold out he hand to Jeanne . the crowd gasp with approval at the unprecedented gesture ... La hire briefly clap , before be dig in the rib by gille ... but the kingly act provoke jealous look from regnault and tremoille ... Jeanne hesitates , then be almost will on by the crowd into join Charles . she stand a little aside as he kneel . regnault sprinkle the Holy oil on he sovereign 's head ... regnault with this sacred oil , bless by the hand of God the Father almighty , we do anoint thee Charles valois ... regnault break off : there 's a commotion at the back of the cathedral . Charles look around -- anxious face turn -- soldier draw they sword -- be it the English ?? bore by the ceremony , young Louis have be kick leg again , and one of the guard be nursing a bruise shin . with all eye suddenly upon he , Louis flush -- and be quickly take in hand by yolande . after the brief interruption , regnault continue ... regnault ... we do anoint thee Charles valois , sovereign Lord and King of this great kingdom of France , charge that ye defend the faith of we mother Holy Church so long as ye shall live ... it could almost be the marriage ceremony . Jeanne watch in tear , tremble with emotion as the archbishop take the crown and hold it above Charles ' head , then slowly , slowly lower it ... as he do so , a eerie SOUND , like a bullet in slow - motion come straight at we ... follow by a cry from Jeanne ... ext . paris wall - ST . denis - day Jeanne gasp -- sway ... torrential rain , sweeping across the grey , mud-filled moat in great curtain . she 's stand on the bank above the moat , look across at the massive city wall where ladder have be set up . aulon catch up with she ... aulon Jeanne ...! be you alright ? jeanne yes . yes , I be fine ... ( yell out ) we need more brushwood ! ( to aulon ) why be you stare at I like that ? aulon because there 's a arrow in you leg . she look down and there it be , poke out she leg : a arrow have penetrate she armor . jeanne so there be ... she have not realize -- and do not seem that bother . jeanne ... but that 's no reason for you to stop . you can still climb a ladder , can not you ? so go on then ... climb ! aulon look across at the endless ladder , disappear into the mist and smoke at the top of the gigantic wall . Jeanne call out to she page , Raymond -- jeanne Raymond ! over here ! Raymond hurry over ... jeanne pull it out . Raymond look terrify -- jeanne pull it out ! Raymond grip the arrow while Jeanne gaze across at one of the ladder laden with frenchmen . as he pull it out , the ladder fall back , plunging the soldier to they death . Jeanne gasp in pain ... La hire and gille be further along the bank ... gille this be no good ! LA hire no good ? this be a disaster ! gille stumble along the bank to Jeanne ... gille Jeanne ... the man be exhaust ! jeanne I know , but so be the enemy -- they be fall back -- Paris be ours ...! gille Jeanne ... we be not enough ... jeanne so ... bring up the reinforcement ! gille reinforcement ? where ?? Jeanne wave vaguely behind she -- jeanne right behind we -- dunois with another then thousand man ! gille Jeanne , look behind you . jeanne never look behind -- only ahead ! gille grip she by the shoulder , force she to turn and look behind . at most , a hundred bedraggle soldier , limping amid the carnage in the moat . Jeanne stare at they . gille do you know how to count ? jeanne of course I do ? bring they up ! gille Jeanne ... that be not ten thousand reinforcement -- that be one hundred very loyal but very tired soldier . jeanne but ... where be dunois ... where be the man the king promise I ? gille he never send they ... do not you understand ? he do not want this war anymore ... he have he crown now , that 's all he ever want ... jeanne but my voice ... they promise I ... gille to hell with you voice -- it 's time to face fact ! we have nothing to do here ... none of we ... not even you . you should go home , Jeanne . Jeanne stare at they , in shock . jeanne you do not believe I anymore ? LA hire we still believe in you , Jeanne . if it be up to I , I would chase every goddamn englishman into the ocean . but it 's not up to we anymore -- it 's up to the king ... Jeanne look at he , suddenly furious -- int . chinon castle - corridor - day -- Jeanne storm along a corridor , she two page boy do they best to catch up with she ... int . chinon castle - chamber - day she burst in on Charles , who be cavort in a bath - tub with a few frivolous female . charle well , this be a unexpected pleasure . lady , let I introduce you to the celebrate Jeanne ... the damsel titter ... jeanne get they out of here ! charle now hold on -- you be not captain here ... on the battlefield perhaps , but not in the royal bedchamber ! jeanne why do you betray I ? Paris be ours for the take ! all I need be another few hundred man ... why do you take back the army you give I ? charle gave you ? well now , I would not quite put it like that ... jeanne ( bluntly ) so how would you put it ? charle well ... we be , of course , enormously grateful for you past effort , but you task be do . now it 's time for negotiation ... and after many month of skillful work , we dear tremoille be about to seal a treaty with we burgundian friend who will no longer lend they support to the English . you see , my dear Jeanne ... as it be write in the Bible , " to everything there be a season : a time for war , and a time for peace " ... jeanne peace will only be get from the English at the end of a lance ! charle why do you have to be so bloodthirsty ? do you enjoy it ? all that blood and noise and pain ? diplomacy be far more civilized ... far safer ... and far cheaper ... Jeanne angrily hold out a fistful of letter -- jeanne I have letter here from town under siege -- compiegne , provins , melin -- where the people be starve , begging God on they knee to help they ... and I be here to answer they prayer -- and you want to stop I ? France do not belong to you , Charles -- she belong to God . and if you will not help I save she , I shall do it alone ! Jeanne sling the letter in he face and march out of the room . Charles turn to the girl with a weary sigh . charle if only she would just go home . int . corridor - chinon - day aulon reach the door to a chapel to find it guard by Louis and Raymond . raymond you can not go in . aulon get out ...! int . chapel - chinon - day aulon enter to find Jeanne crumpled by the altar . he kneel beside she . aulon Jeanne ... the king have order we not to ride with you anymore . jeanne so ... what be I suppose to do now ? aulon hesitates . aulon what do you voice say ? Jeanne pause ... a long moment , whether or not to confide . finally , and with a bleakness not sense in she before ... jeanne they have abandon I ... like everyone . aulon what ... what do you mean ? jeanne it 's be week since they speak to I . since the coronation ... no sign ... nothing ... aulon maybe they silence be a sign ...? maybe it 's a sign to go home ? jeanne it 's not time yet . my mission be not over yet . there be still more I must do before I can really -- finally -- go home . aulon but how do you know that this -- this voice be not really just -- well , you . Jeanne stare at he in bemusement -- then suddenly laugh ... jeanne well of course they be I ! that 's how God talk to I . if you listen hard enough , even you can hear he . everyone can hear he . aulon but I hear so many voice ... one voice say one thing , another voice say the opposite -- love you enemy , kill you enemy -- what be good , what be evil ...? jeanne all you have to do be stop talk and just listen . aulon but how do you know what you hear be the truth ? jeanne I do not know it . I feel it . aulon you make it sound so simple ... jeanne the truth be always simple ... it 's you , Jean , who 's make thing complicated . aulon I ?! it 's not I , it 's God who make everything complicated ! if he 's all - powerful , why not let the English stay on they island in the first place ? and why let this war go on for a hundred year ? and why send you out to fight when a girl like you should be at home with you family ? why , why ?! jeanne so ... even you do not believe in I anymore ... aulon Jeanne ... I believe in you ... more than anyone ... aulon 's hand touch Jeanne 's hair . he lean forward , as though be draw by she eye and mouth ... aulon I ... I just wish I could ... I want to ... to help you ... the moment be a little too intense . they gaze at each other , then Jeanne suddenly pull away ... jeanne if you really want to help I , there 's one thing you can do . aulon tell I ... jeanne tell the king to give I more man . Jeanne go , leave aulon alone , deliberate . ext . chinon - day Jeanne and she page mount they horse and ride off ... int . chamber - chinon - day aulon walk through a small antechamber and be about to knock at a door when he pause , hearing familiar voice . tremoille ( o.s. ) we have to stop she , you majesty . if she raise she own army and attack the burgundian at compiegne , all my month of painful negotiation will have be in vain ! aulon draw closer , shocked at what he hear ... regnault ( o.s. ) tremoille be right . she behave as though she be God ! it 's high time she find out who 's really in command . int . king be chamber - chinon - day regnault , tremoille and yolande coil about Charles like serpent . Charles look at they all . charle it 's true . there 's only one king ... people need to be remind of that . nevertheless ... Jeanne have do so much for we ... yolande I assure you , Charles , the maiden have no great admirer than myself . but whatever we personal feeling , we cannot allow she to conduct she own private war . for the sake of the kingdom , it be imperative that you stop she go to compiegne ... charle I ... I can not stop she . tremoille well if you do not , I be sure the burgundian will be happy to oblige . if they capture she at compiegne ... regnault ... no one can blame we . charle I ... I do not know ... it will sound like we ... betrayed she ...? tremoille noooo ! regnault good heaven no ! tremoille never ! yolande do not worry , Charles . if God be still with she , she will be victorious . we be not she judge ... we be just spectator . let she go to compiegne , as you let she go to Orleans , and let God decide she fate . charle but ... she army 's so small now ... yolande then she faith will have to be bigger . yolande give Richmond a significant look . int . chamber - chinon - day aulon can scarcely believe what he have hear ! int . aulon be room - chinon castle - day a table smashes against a stone wall ... a chair splinter in fragment . aulon be in a frenzy , smash up furniture . ext . chinon castle - day aulon ride out from the castle ... ext . forest clearing - day Jeanne and she meager band of soldier have pause for food . aulon make he way through the tree -- and find Jeanne a little apart from the other , with she two page boy ... aulon Jeanne ... I need to speak to you . ( pointedly ) alone . Jeanne glance at he a moment , then nod for Louis and Raymond to leave . jeanne do the king listen to you ? aulon blushes ... clear he throat ... aulon Jeanne , I ... I love you , Jeanne . I love you and ... I want to marry you . Jeanne be a little take aback , but be genuinely touch . jeanne that 's not what I ask ... why do you want to marry I ? aulon you listen to you voice , I listen to my heart . Jeanne look at he a beat . jeanne what do the king say ? aulon he say that ... he 's make a treaty with the Duke of burgundy and ... jeanne it 's a trap ! they be buy time till they can bring over more soldier from England ! aulon do you voice tell you that ? you tell I you have not hear they for month ... jeanne no , but ... aulon or maybe it 's Jeanne who 's in a trap -- she own trap -- a downward spiral that she can not stop ? jeanne do you come back to marry I or to insult I ? aulon to marry you . a beat ... then she look away . jeanne I will ask my voice ... if they come back one day . meanwhile ... I be go to compiegne . aulon Jeanne ... I have be hearing voice -- and believe I , that voice leave I in no doubt that you must not go to compiegne ! she look at he a moment , know that he speak the truth . aulon Jeanne ... I believe in you -- but can you believe in I for once ? do not go ... even if you do not want to marry I . jeanne I would like to marry you . but I have already promise myself ... to God . aulon but ... you have do so much for God as it be ... can not you do something for yourself for once -- for Jeanne ? jeanne but it be what I want . aulon to be kill in battle ? jeanne if God want I to win , he will find a way . and if he want I to die ... if he want I back ... then that 's fine too . then I will be with he forever . she have a dreamy , faraway look -- one with which aulon can not compete . aulon will you at least let I stay with you ? jeanne it would not be the same without you . ext . compiegne - battlefield - day sharp CUT to a man be fell by a cudgel . we be in the middle of the battle , and thing be not go well for the french . the citizen and they mayor watch anxiously from the draw - bridge and the town wall . nearby stand a familiar face : the battle -scarre Richmond . the Mayor and Richmond exchange a glance that chill ... Jeanne be struggle to keep she banner aloft ... then a cry from close by , and to she horror she see Raymond collapse with a arrow in he breast . his faithful companion Louis race to he side , throw he arm around he . Jeanne jump down from she horse , but by the time she reach he , he eye be close . Louis look up at she , tear brim . aulon ride up alongside Jeanne ... aulon we must sound the retreat ! jeanne not yet ! with the enemy bear down , there 's no time to pause ... ext . compiegne - wall & Pov of battlefield - day from high on the town wall , the Mayor survey the distant battle . Richmond be stand a short distance away . he give he a sign . the Mayor turn to a Guard . mayor I can not risk the town 's safety . raise the drawbridge . ext . compiegne - battlefield - day as Jeanne ride back with aulon , she spot Richmond beyond the drawbridge inside the town . there 's a brief exchange between they , a lock of eye . Jeanne turn to aulon ... jeanne get back inside the town and see if the English be attack from the other side ! aulon but ... why ... what 's the point ? jeanne do as I say ! aulon I want to stay with you ... jeanne that 's a order ! aulon look almost shocked . he back away , then turn he horse about and ride back across the drawbridge and into the town . second later , the drawbridge begin to rise , and Jeanne be trap . she try to fight she way clear of the advance English , but they encircle she . she lash out with the flat of she sword , try to keep they sword and lance at bay . the noose tighten -- she horse start to panic ... but strangely there 's a smile on she face , as though she see the end come , this end that she so desire : to die on a battlefield in penance for the blood shed in she name . suddenly a bolt slice through bone -- -- and Jeanne 's horse collapse from under she . she roll to the ground , spring back to she foot as the English close in . again she flay the air with she sword , but it become heavier and heavier as she energy finally begin to drain . a huge iron ball smashes she sword in two -- now she have no weapon but she fist . yet still she lash out , like a fox cornere by hound . another blow -- she fall to the ground , she face gaze up . her eye soften , and again that smile -- her Pov : High above the dust and smoke and flame of battle -- a little patch of blue ... ext . field - summer - day ... and Jeanne fall into the field of she childhood . jeanne my Lord ... -- the sky brighten -- the SUN dazzle -- space / time dilate ... with she arm wide open , Jeanne offer herself to the sky -- jeanne take I ...! nature start to consume she , integrate she as a part of the whole ... cloud , season and wind become one in a apocalyptic ballet ... grass , flower and root consume she ... the camera suddenly pull back so fast and far that within second the earth have become a revolve sphere in the darkness of space ... flash : the sphere now become a four-dimensional torus , a fluid , dynamic ring , evolve in and out of space ... flash : the torus blink , and the dark center become a blue eye , the same diameter as Jeanne 's . overwhelm by this vision . a shadow of a man clutching a mace be reflect in the blueness ... sharp CUT to the man as he slam she ... wham ! black . then a zillion star evolve from the darkness , slowly rotate inversely toward a central point as though return to the origin of space / time in one single dimensionless point of light -- which then suddenly explode ... at the same moment a huge eye blink open -- the eye of Jeanne ... int . compiegne - prison - night Jeanne 's eye search a darkness that gradually resolve into the grim , dank confines of a dungeon . she sit bolt upright , as though awaken from a nightmare . she be on a wooden bed , she face bruise and tumefied . a few inch away be a man , one side of he shave head catch a sliver of light . he 's laugh at she . man I can not believe it ... you romantic vision of death , with all that grass grow everywhere ... I must admit , you have a great imagination . or maybe not great enough . death be much more simple ... flash : a dead body lie in the silent forest , a trickle of blood run from he mouth ... man ... after a few month it get more interesting ... flash : same shot , only now the body be wriggle ... flash : the body be now reduce to skin and bone ... man ... then -- after a year -- it finally become romantic ... flash : the same spot in the forest , but now there be no sign of the body . Jeanne shake she head ... jeanne who ... who be you ...? man I be that I am. ( beat ) you do not like my face ? ( evidently not ) maybe you prefer this one ... his face melt into the little boy , sit on a throne in the middle of the wood . she gaze at he in bewilderment -- man too young maybe ? how about this one ? the boy become the young man she see in the forest . Jeanne be breathless . the man be invade she most secret memory . man better , no ...? but incomplete . suddenly he face be flood with blood , like the image of the man she see during the battle of Orleans ... Jeanne scream , cover she face ... jeanne get thee behind I . Satan ! the man smile , unaffected by she outburst . man who be you to even think you can know the difference between good and evil ? be you God ? jeanne no ... no ... I be just a messenger ... he need I ... a higher call ... suddenly the man start to bellow -- the wall tremble -- the bellow become a roar ... cloud boil behind he head ... man how can you begin to imagine that GOD , the creator of heaven and earth , the source of all life , could possibly need -- you ? Jeanne can no longer stop she tear ... jeanne I do not know ... I think ... man you think GOD isn't big enough to deliver he own message ? jeanne I do not know ... please ... tell I I be dead ... man who be you to decide if you should live or die ? jeanne I ... do not know ... what do you want from I ? man nothing . I be here to set you free ... the man hold up he hand as though in judgment -- a hand slam across she face -- -- and she wake up , nursing she hot cheek . in front of she : the rough English guard who just strike she . guard ( angrily ) I say , smile ! you have visitor . the door open , and a smart delegation arrive in she cell , lead by a thin reed of a man , the Duke of burgundy and he right - arm , dijon . guard his Grace the Duke of burgundy . Jeanne stare at he , confuse ... burgundy so ... here be the famous Jeanne ... savior of Orleans ... terror of the English ? you look pretty ordinary to I ... jeanne be I ... be I dead ? burgundy Dead you be worthless , darling . jeanne where ... where be I ? burgundy guess . she look about she dismal confines ... jeanne my king will pay any ransom you ask . burgundy you king ? ah yes , of course ... what 's he go to pay I with ? cow ? chicken ? I prefer gold , and the English have plenty . I wonder how much they will pay ... to have the witch of Orleans in they clutches ? that English be so arrogant , they can not accept the idea of be defeat by a peasant girl ... it have to have be the devil 's work . jeanne God defeat the English , not I . burgundy and God who allow you to be catch ? Jeanne have not think about that before . burgundy personally I do not believe in God , and I do not believe in the Devil either . that 's why I be never disappointed . ( to dijon ) sell she . int . chinon castle - day aulon go to see the King in he chamber and hand he a heavy sack . tremoille and regnault be present , as always . aulon here ... to help pay Jeanne 's ransom . all the captain give what they could , as well as the citizen of Orleans and the other town she save ... charle very generous of you all . how much ? aulon 10,000 gold crown . from they expression , this be clearly a enormous amount . charle 10,000 ... that 's a lot ... but I fear not enough . but it will be my pleasure to make up the difference . ( to archbishop regnault ) you Grace ... I place you in charge of this ... sensitive negotiation . int . office - duke of burgundy's castle - day burgundy 's right - arm -- dijon -- turn to he Assistant . dijon they send a Bishop to negotiate ? that 's a good sign . let he in . it be not archbishop regnault who enter , but another ecclesiastic swaddle in the rich robe of he office : the Bishop of beauvais , one Pierre cauchon . cauchon good day , sir . I trust my honorable Duke of burgundy be feel well ? dijon he 's feel wonderful . cauchon thanks be to God . dijon and you Duke ? the Duke of bedford ? cauchon not so well , I regret to say . this business with the maiden ... it 's cause he endless grief and torment . that 's why he 's entrust I with the task of ... shall we say ... dijon buying she ? cauchon this word be -- regrettably appropriate for the situation . in fact what we -- the Church -- wish to do be determine whether or not this girl be send by God , as she claim . you understand that we cannot allow just anybody to abuse God 's name in this manner ... dijon I understand . how much ? it be that other man of the cloth , regnault , who answer . regnault 5,000 gold crown . dijon that 's not a lot . regnault it be all he majesty can afford . he have even donate he very own personal savings . his majesty will greatly appreciate a gesture of good will in this delicate negotiation between we two family . dijon I know ... but the English want she very badly , and I have to tell you that they be prove much more generous . regnault May I , without offend you , inquire how generous ? dijon 20,000 gold crown . regnault 's rival cleric cauchon look aghast . cauchon 20,000 ?! but ... I hear King Charles be ... financially embarrassed . dijon do not look at the cost , look at what it bring . what be you last offer ? regnault 8,000 . we can not raise more ... we can only place ourselves at the mercy of you generosity . dijon I must offer to the Duke . I will give you he answer tomorrow . int . prison cell - beaurevoir - day a burgundian soldier shake Jeanne to wake she up . soldier hey , wake up ... get yourself ready ... you be leave ! Jeanne open she eye as cauchon enter she cell , dress in ecclesiastical robe . he stand in front of she , flanke by two monk . at the sigh of the churchman , she brighten . jeanne oh , thank you Lord ! ( to cauchon ) I be so glad to see you ! I need to confess ... I have not be confess since Easter ... or be to mass ... will you hear I now ? cauchon I will hear you ... but not now , not here . jeanne who be you ? cauchon Pierre cauchon , Bishop of beauvais . as you be capture in my diocese , the duty of conduct the trial fall upon I . jeanne Trial ? what trial ?? cauchon you trial , Jeanne . on a charge of heresy . jeanne but ... the King -- my king -- do not he pay my ransom ? cauchon it seem that the English care more about you than the french . jeanne the English ?? cauchon yes . they pay you ransom ... tomorrow you will be transfer to they great castle at rouen . the door slam shut , and she be leave alone . Jeanne be utterly distraught . she look round the bleak cell , then move over to a small window ... just wide enough for she to squeeze through . ext . ledge - beaurevoir - night Jeanne clamber out onto a narrow ledge , high above the freeze moat below . only a fool -- or one bent on suicide -- would hazard such a leap . voice ( o.s. ) need some help ? the man we see after compiegne be once again behind she . jeanne what be you do out here ? man I might ask you the same question . jeanne I ... I be leave ... I can not take anymore ... man and what exactly be it that you can not take anymore of ? jeanne everything ! prison -- humiliation -- be abandon and betrayed by everyone -- I can not stand it anymore -- I would rather die ! man you will be dead soon enough anyway , so why be in such a hurry ? why not face up to you lie ? it 's you lie you can not stand anymore ... jeanne I ... I never lie ! man if you be true to yourself ... if you faith be firm , you would not need to run away from yourself like this ... jeanne I be true -- to my Lord , the King of Heaven . he know how much I love he -- that 's all that matter to I ... man how can you pretend that you love God when you be about to throw away the most precious thing he give you ? life be a gift , you should know that by now Jeanne -- a gift from God . you know what he would say to you , if he be here ? " what be you do to I , Jeanne ? " Jeanne be lose , exhaust , numbe . she gaze into the void , contemplate the fall ... jeanne you be right ... I should not do that . the man suddenly push she so that she nearly fall ... man that 's too easy . one minute you want to die , the next you want to live ... ( again push she ) do you think that life be a toy that can be play with and then break when you do not want it anymore ? jeanne no , no ... I be just so tired , and lose , and ... I do not realize what I be do ! he push she again ... man oh ? and just because you realize now , everybody else should forgive you ?! jeanne I do not know -- I do not care anymore -- I just want to be at peace ! man oh , so you do not want war anymore ? you want to be at peace ? you want to be able to change you mind anytime you feel like it and expect everyone to go along with it ? jeanne I do not understand . what do you want from I ? man I tell you already ... I be here to set you free ... again the man push she ! this time she lose she balance , and with a startle cry fall from the ledge -- plunging down , down -- and crash into the freeze moat ...! two castle guard on watch be alert by the SOUND of splintering ice ... Jeanne be drown , barely able to cling to the break ice around she . the first Guard to reach the moat test the surface with he foot ... guard # 2 do not try -- you will fall through ! the first Guard lie flat to spread he weight , then crawl toward Jeanne ... guard # 1 good God , it 's the prisoner ! the second Guard glance up at the tower ledge far above ... guard # 2 if she jump from up there , she 's dead for sure ! forget it ... the first Guard reach the edge of the hole just as Jeanne disappear beneath the water . he plunge in he hand and grab she hair , pull she head back above the water ... int . corridor - chinon castle - dawn aulon race along castle corridor until he reach a door , guard by two burly Guards ... guard the king be occupy ...! aulon out of my way ! int . throne room - chinon castle - day aulon burst into the room to find Charles , regnault and tremoille in conversation ... charle my dear aulon ... ( dismiss Guards ) that 's fine ... aulon Jeanne 's be badly injure ! she jump from the top of a tower into a freeze moat ! Charles shiver at the think . charle it 's a miracle she 's not dead ! aulon we have to do something before she try it again ! I beg of you , my lord , do not let she down ... let I organize a escape ... charle Jean , it 's ... it 's not so easy ... aulon but not impossible ... gille and La hire be ready to risk everything to save she ... charle Jean ... I dear , loyal Jean ... why do you want to oppose the will of God ? Jeanne want to go to compiegne -- we let she -- she get catch . then , on my personal order , regnault propose 30,000 crown for she ransom , and once again the answer be no . and now you say she try to escape , and the answer be still no . Jean , open you eye -- can not you see the hand of God in all this ? aulon no . I see the hand of tremoille , and regnault , and yolande , and you ... and they be dirty hand . regnault how can you speak such treachery when he majesty have do everything to try and save she ? aulon because I be at this door when you plan to betray she ... and I be at compiegne when she be betrayed . Charles , tremoille and regnault be speechless . tremoille break the silence -- tremoille Guards ! arrest this traitor ! the two Guards turn on aulon , who readily dispatch they with he sword . tremoille hide behind Charles just as aulon pin the King with the tip of he sword against he windpipe . it would now be a easy matter for tremoille to push Charles onto the tip of aulon 's sword . aulon what do you fear most now ... my sword ? ( eyeing tremoille ) ... or he hand ? charle tremoille ... do not . please ... tremoille hesitates a beat . still hold the tip of he sword at Charles ' throat , aulon motion to tremoille ... aulon my sword be long enough for both of you . sweating now , tremoille ease himself from behind the King 's back . Charles exhales with relief . aulon I have always be loyal and true to you , but my allegiance be now at a end . from now on , my loyalty belong to Jeanne ... ... and aulon run from the room , leave Charles , tremoille and regnault in a state of shock . ext . chinon castle - day aulon gallop away from the castle ... ext . rouen castle - dusk the great castle of rouen , vast and bleak , silhouett against the dusk . int . rouen castle - corridor - dusk a Guard lead a group of wealthy - look visitor along a dank , dark corridor . guard ... so do not say I do not warn you ! do not touch she whatever you do -- do not even stretch out you hand or she will have one of you finger off sooner than spit at you ! woman # 1 as savage as that , be she ? guard Savage ? she 's a monster ! at Orleans they say she drank she victim 's blood ! woman # 2 oh , it 's too horrible ! the woman 's escort take advantage of the situation ... male do not worry , my sweet -- I will have my sword at the ready ... they reach the door , and the Guard fumble for the right key . the Duke of bedford bring up the rear , escort he wife Anne , who be visibly pregnant ... duchess do not you think this visit be a little ... inappropriate ? bedford my dear , it 's we duty ... she 's we guest ! the Guard unlock the door , and the Group cautiously enter . int . jeanne's cell - rouen castle - night the visitor glance about , but the cell appear empty -- until they look up . a iron cage be hang from the middle of the ceiling . in the center of the cage be a body , dress in rag and curl up like a wounded animal . bedford wake she up so we can see she face ! the Guard take he cudgel and poke she through the bar . guard hey , wake up ... we get noble guest -- do not disappoint they -- turn round ! he prod she in the rib , and she turn to avoid further pain . her face be swollen , she mouth parched , she eye full of grief . the duchess be stunne ... guard now she 's sleepy but you wait and see -- any moment now and she will start speak to she devil , and then she will get to yelping like a wolf in heat ! the other night she make she cage spin round so fast we think she be go to fly away ! woman oooo ... she give I creep ... guard do you want she to stand up so you can get a better look ? duchess no . but get she out of this cage and give she a decent bed . the Guard look stunne . the duchess turn to she husband . duchess I be sorry , but this child be be treat like a animal ! do not you think that whatever she crime may be , she deserve a little more of we charity ? bedford ( whisper lightly ) she 's not a child , my dear -- she 's a witch . int . courtroom - rouen - day cauchon enter a large , gloomy courtroom and sit down , surround by cleric , assessor , doctor of theology and other churchman . cauchon let the prisoner be bring in . the door open and Jeanne be lead in , she wrist and ankle fettere , she face pale and draw . she stand in the center of the room , isolate , alone . a scribe dip he quill in the ink and prepare to write on a blank sheet of parchment . cauchon we most serene and Christian King Henry the Sixth , King of England and France , have hand this girl over to we , accuse of a number of heretical deed , to be try in a matter of faith . Jeanne be hustle closer to cauchon , who lean forward , peer at she intently . cauchon take the Holy Gospel in you hand and swear to tell the whole truth concern everything you will be ask . jeanne I do not know what you be go to ask I question about . you may ask thing that I will not want to answer . Jeanne 's boldness take everyone somewhat by surprise . cauchon you will swear to tell the truth about whatever you be ask . jeanne I will willingly swear to tell the truth about earthly thing , but as for my revelation , I have never tell anyone except my king ... Charles the seventh ... the one and only king of France . there be murmured dissension among the judge . we now see that the Duke of bedford be also in the room , together with a small coterie of English observer . cauchon be impatient . cauchon you must take the oath ! not even a king , would refuse to take a oath to tell the truth in a matter of faith . jeanne I will willingly swear to tell you what I be allow to tell you , but as to the rest , even if you threaten to cut off my head , I still will not tell you . cauchon look confuse -- and aware that he authority be slip . the judge and theologian be get agitate . cauchon so ... begin by tell we you name -- assume you be allow to tell we that much ? jeanne my name be Jeanne . my little cross I have round my neck be take away from I . I would like to have it back . the duchess touch the gold cross she have around she neck . cauchon show we a little more cooperation first . where be you bear ? jeanne in a village call domremy . cauchon how old be you ? cauchon nineteen ... or thereabout ... cauchon be you baptize ? jeanne yes . in the church at domremy . cauchon recite the Lord 's prayer . jeanne not unless you hear my confession . cauchon be get impatient . cauchon Jeanne , listen to I very carefully . we be all man of faith , and we shall earnestly strive for the salvation of both you soul and body as though it be we own . we do so in the name of we Holy mother Church , who never close she arm to that who would return to she . but we cannot help you unless you submit to we learn judgment and authority . take heed of this charitable admonition , for if you persist in refuse we help , then we shall have no choice but to abandon you to the secular power , and I think you know well enough the punishment that would await you . so now ... will you please recite we Lord 's prayer ? jeanne not unless you hear my confession . the clerk and judge grow agitate , though we sense a few be already beginning to warm to she , not least the duchess . cauchon Jeanne -- be careful -- you be not help yourself by refuse to submit to we judgment ... jeanne and you be careful , you who claim to be my judge , for you too will be judge one day ...! the court explode in protest , with cry of " blasphemy ! " " she 's possess ! " " a infect limb ! " " sorceress ! " cauchon hammer on the table to restore order , call out -- cauchon Guards ! take the prisoner away ! clear the room ! armed Guards hustle the cleric from the room while Jeanne be lead away , watch by the Duke and duchess of bedford ... bedford turn to he aide ( Buck ) -- bedford I count on you to have it do . buck uh ... to have what do ? bedford I want she burn . buck as you say , sir . int . antechamber - rouen castle - day the assessor look extremely uncomfortable , not least Pierre cauchon , who do he best to conceal it . cauchon well ... in the future I think we should conduct we enquiry in private -- away from public pressure -- so we can all be more ... level - head ... assessor # 1 I think the church should wash its hand of this whole business . assessor # 2 let the English burn she if they want to ... why do it have to involve we ? Buck enter the room as a old Priest walk over ... cauchon because it 's ... it 's we clear duty to root out heresy wherever it occur . ( to the Old Priest ) Father vincente ... you be the most venerable among we , what do you think ? old priest I think this trial be a masquerade , and I will not be part of it anymore . I be willing to be she judge , but not she executioner . this young girl seem courageous and pious ... she deserve to be well judge . the Old Priest walk toward the door ... cauchon that 's what I be try to ensure ! old priest the verdict come at the end of a trial , cauchon , not at the beginning . I be go back to Rome , to give I report to we Holy Father the Pope . cauchon this be ridiculous ! now I be the one who 's on trial and be judge ?! old priest yes ... exactly as Jeanne predict . the Old Priest head for the door , follow by the other two . Buck call out to the Guards ... buck arrest they ! cauchon what be you do ? this be a ecclesiastical court -- you have no right to do this ! buck rouen be in English territory . I have the right to do anything I like . ( to guard ) take they away . ignoring they protestation , the Guards hustle they away , leave the other in a state of high anxiety . int . cell - rouen castle - night Jeanne be in she cell , face the wall and frantically scratch it with she nail . she be engrave a cross , and she nail be cover with blood ... she be now kneel in front of she cross , racing through the Lord 's prayer as though on the run from the Devil ... jeanne we father who be in heaven hallow be thy name thy kingdom come in earth as it be in heaven forgive they that lead ... forgive we that lead they ... as we forgive they that ... oh God , do not cut yourself off from I like this ... I do not know what I be mean to say or not say anymore ... I do not even know what to think ... oh , God , I be so lose ... do not abandon I like everyone else ... please , I beg of you ... at least say you can hear I ...! tell I you hear I ...! why will not you answer I ? please , I beg of you -- answer I ! suddenly " the man " come out of the wall , kneel in front of she and violently hit he forehead against hers -- man why be you yell like that ?! jeanne what be you do here ? ( urgently ) please ... leave ... you can not stay here ... man why ? be you wait for someone else ? jeanne yes ! man who ? Jeanne hesitates ... jeanne my ... vision ... man they be go to come and visit you in here ? jeanne yes ... that 's what I pray for ...! man I want to see that . do you mind if I stay ... on the side ? I will not bother you . jeanne no , no -- you can not stay or they will not come ! man why not ? jeanne because ... I have to be alone ! he smile regretfully . man they will not come anyway . jeanne what do you mean , they will not come ? man why would they ? jeanne because ! because I have always be faithful to God , and I have follow everything he say ... and I have do everything he ask I ... man God ask you to do something ? jeanne yes ... lot of thing ! man you mean God say , " I need you , Jeanne ? " jeanne no , but ... he send I so many sign ! man what sign ? jeanne like ... like the wind ... and the cloud ... and ... the bell ... and what about that sword lie in the field ... that be a sign ...! man no . that be a sword in a field . jeanne but ... it do not just get there by itself . man true -- every event have a infinite number of cause -- but why pick one rather than another ? there be many way a sword might find itself in a field ... flash : a group of soldier on horseback trot across the field of Jeanne 's childhood . the last soldier 's sword be come loose , and end up fall into the long grass ... man seem a perfectly valid explanation ... but how about this one ... flash : two young child be hurry with the sword when a old man call they from far away -- old man hey , you little devil -- come back ! the two child drop the sword in the long grass ( in the same spot as before ) and run off ... man but then again , there be other possibility ... flash : a man be be chase across the field by a couple of English soldier out looting . his heavy sword be slow he down -- he fling it into the long grass ... man ... or even faster ... flash : the same man run across the field be suddenly hit by a arrow from nowhere . he drop the sword in the long grass , but manage to stagger off into the forest ... man ... and that 's without count the inexplicable ... flash : a man cross the field . for no apparent reason whatsoever , he drop the sword and keep on walk ... man yet from a infinite number of possibility , you have to pick this one ... flash : a peel of thunder -- cloud swirl -- a familiar wind stir the long grass -- a fabulous shaft of light illuminate the patch -- the sword slowly descend from the heaven and land gently in the grass . Mission accomplish , the shaft of heavenly light disappear . Jeanne be bewilder ... man you do not see what be , Jeanne . you see what you want to see . ... speechless . int . SMALL courtroom - rouen castle - day we be now in a smaller , more intimate courtroom . the duchess of bedford be at the back , shield behind the theologian and doctor of the church . beaupere be question Jeanne : a cooler man than cauchon . beaupere this ... " voice " that you say appear to you ... be it a angel ? or a saint ? or do it come from God ? Jeanne be still in shock from she encounter with the man . jeanne I will not tell you more about that . I be more afraid of displease him than not answer you ... beaupere you be afraid of displease God when tell the truth ?! jeanne no ... beaupere do God forbid you to tell the truth ? jeanne no . but my revelation be for the King of France , not for you . d'estivet when you see you king for the first time , be there a angel over he head ? jeanne if there be , I do not see it ... d'estivet then why do you king believe in you without any proof ? jeanne go and ask he yourself . cauchon Jeanne , you be not help yourself . if you do not answer we question properly , you refusal will be take into account . jeanne this question have nothing to do with you trial . cauchon I assure you they do . so ... answer I ... when be the last time you hear this voice ? jeanne not long ago ... cauchon when exactly ? a day , a week -- when ? jeanne last night . this take the assessor by surprise . cauchon lean forward . cauchon what be you do when the voice come ? jeanne pray . cauchon the voice be in you cell ? jeanne yes . cauchon what do it tell you ? jeanne many thing ... cauchon do it give you advice ? ( Jeanne hesitates ) good advice ? Jeanne hesitates ... jeanne go onto the next question . beaupere good advice for the french , not for the English ! do you think God hate the English ? jeanne I do not know , but you be all man of the church ... why not ask him yourself ? cauchon try to continue , but another theologian -- jean midi -- get in first . jean midi do you consider yourself to be in a state of grace ? Jeanne look perplex ... a beat ... jeanne go on to the next question . cauchon seize he opportunity ... cauchon tell we , Jeanne ... do you often hear this voice ? jeanne yes ... cauchon be it here ? now ? in this room ? Jeanne slowly look at the assessor , stare at each in turn . they all look acutely uneasy , hold there breath ... jeanne no. relief from the assessor , but Buck be far from happy . int . antechamber - rouen castle - day Buck pace in front of cauchon and a dozen cleric . buck who 's run this trial , you or she ? I can not believe it ! this wretch girl -- how dare she speak to we like that ? cauchon she 's loyal to she king ... it 's only to be expect that she ... Buck explode with fury -- buck there be only one king of France and that 's we liege Lord Henry the Sixth ! it be write in black and white in the Treaty of troyes -- that you french bastard sign ! Buck press a digit against cauchon 's sweaty forehead . cauchon I understand you impatience , but if you want this trial to be acknowledge as legal we must follow correct procedure and ... buck to hell with procedure ! we pay a bloody fortune for this slut , and we can do whatever the hell we like with she , whether the church like it or not -- be that clear ? cauchon but if this trial seem fix , I fear you will have the very opposite result to the one you want ... buck we want she burn as a witch ! cauchon but in order to do so , the church must first prove she heresy , or else you will be burn a martyr ... buck well then ? start prove ... or else the church will have another martyr ! Buck storm out , slamm the door behind he . int . SMALL courtroom - rouen castle - day Instruments of torture be bring into court by the executioner , who lay they out with due ceremony . d'estivet you tell we about the appearance of this ... voice . what exactly do you see ? part of it ... or all of it ? jeanne his face . d'estivet do he have hair ? jeanne yes . d'estivet be it long and hang down ? jeanne I be more interested in what he say , not what he look like . d'estivet but if the devil be to take on the physical appearance of a saint or a angel ... or a man ... how would you recognize he ? by what he say ? jeanne go on to the next question . d'estivet that 's enough ! you will answer the question ... or face the consequence ! a beat ... the executioner ready ... jeanne if you be to tear I limb from limb and make my soul leave my body , I would tell you nothing more . and if I do say anything , then afterward I would simply say that you drag it out of I by force . now ... please ... go onto the next question . int . SMALL courtroom - rouen castle - day CUT to another session ... jean le maistre who tell you to wear man 's clothes ? jeanne the clothes be not important ... jean le maistre you also cut you hair short like a man , and in the Bible it clearly state that it be a abomination for a woman to pretend to be a man ! it prove you desire to deceive ... jeanne it be just ... more convenient as I be among soldier ... jean le maistre so you think you do well to cut you hair and dress as a man ? jeanne I ... submit to we Lord . jean le maistre but will you also submit to the decision of the Church ? jeanne it seem to I that the Church and we Lord be one and the same . why must you complicate what be so simple ? Jean Le maistre look at cauchon for help . cauchon let I clarify thing for you , Jeanne . on the one hand there be the Church triumphant , that be to say God , he saint , and the soul that be save . and then there be the Church militant , that be to say we Holy Father the Pope , the cardinal , the prelate of the Church , the clergy , and all good Catholic Christians . moreover this Church , when assemble , be guide by the Holy Spirit and therefore can not be in error . that be why we ask you to submit to the Church militant ... that be to say , we . jeanne so it be the Church militant that refuse to confess I , and so prevent I from be a good Christian ? cauchon bridle he temper . cauchon it be for we to determine whether you be a good Christian , not you . jeanne I be send by God , and I submit all my word and deed to his judgment . or do you think that you be better judge than he be ? int . SMALL courtroom - rouen castle - day ... and another session ... maitre maurice when you be take prisoner at compiegne , do you have a horse ? jeanne yes ... a half-steed ... white . maitre maurice who give you that horse ? jeanne my king . maitre maurice how many do he give you ? jeanne five steed and a few hackneys ... maitre maurice as much as for a Lord ? what a honor ! do you king give you other wealth apart from horse ? jeanne no. maitre maurice what about all that dress you be give ... silk dress be not they ? jeanne yes , I be give a few , but I never have time to wear they ... maitre maurice still , pretty wealthy for a peasant girl would not you say ? jeanne and you look pretty wealthy for a servant of God , would not you say ? maitre maurice look uncomfortably about he . she 's right . beaupere be it true that you launch a attack on Paris ? jeanne I try to . beaupere it be on a Sunday , be not it ? jeanne I do not remember . maybe . beaupere do you think be be a good idea to launch a attack on a holy day ? jeanne I do not know ... beaupere and do not you order the citizen of Paris to surrender the city in the name of the King of Heaven ? jeanne no ... I say " surrender in the name of the King of France " ... beaupere that be not what be write in the evidence ... look for yourself ! beaupere thrust a document in she face ... jeanne I can not read . beaupere ah , yes , I forget ... God send we a illiterate peasant to carry out such a important mission ! do you think that God make the right decision , to take a ignorant girl to save the kingdom of France ? jeanne I leave the answer to God . beaupere be exasperate . a sly-look theologian speak up . jean midi tell we , Jeanne ... why do you jump from the tower at beaurevoir ? jeanne I have be sell to the English . I would rather die than fall into they hand . jean midi do you voice tell you to jump ? jeanne no ... jean midi so when you jump , you want to kill yourself ? jeanne no ...! jean midi how can you deny it when you just say " I would rather die than fall into the hand of the English " ...? jeanne that 's now what I mean ... jean midi do you not know that suicide be a very grievous sin ? no one be allow to destroy the life that God create ! jeanne I know , but that 's not the way thing happen ... jean midi you mean it be not of you own free will that you be on the ledge ? jeanne yes , but ... jean midi and you do not jump of you free will ? jeanne no ! jean midi ( make fun of she ) oh ? perhaps someone push you then ? they laugh . Jeanne lower she head . int . SMALL courtroom - rouen castle - day yet another weary session ... beaupere do you have a sword ? jeanne quite a few . beaupere do not you also carry a banner ? jeanne yes ... beaupere which do you prefer , you banner or you sword ? jeanne I be forty time more fond of my banner than my sword . beaupere and why be that ? do it have some particular value or power ? jeanne no , it 's just ... a sword be a weapon . beaupere and ? jeanne and so I ... I prefer my banner . beaupere why ? jeanne to avoid kill anyone . beaupere be you say that if you have not be carry you banner you would have kill more people ? Jeanne be lose she confidence ... jeanne no , of course not ... I never kill anyone ... beaupere then perhaps the temptation to kill would have be stronger ... too strong perhaps ...? jeanne no ! I warn the English to go back home -- I begge they not to force we to fight -- they know the defeat I would bring on they ... why do not they listen to I ? beaupere we have numerous witness who can confirm that you be not always carry you banner ... jeanne yes , probably ... maybe ... beaupere so sometimes you be carry just you sword ? jeanne yes , but ... beaupere do you use the sword that you hold in you hand ? jeanne no , I ... I hold it up to ... beaupere you hold up you sword and flourish it about in the air ? like this ? jeanne yes , maybe ... I do not remember ... beaupere ... so you be in the middle of the battlefield , with you sword in you hand , wave it above you head ... charge against the enemy , scream and yell ... fight for you life ... and you want we to believe that in the middle of all this excitement you never kill anyone ? jeanne no , I ... I never kill anyone ! man ( o.s. ) I can not believe you can lie like that ! int . jeanne's cell - rouen castle - night Jeanne 's fetter be once again attach to she chain , and she 's walk in circle , try to escape " the man " ... jeanne I be not lie , I ... I can not remember ... leave I alone ! man oh ? you can not remember ? let I help you memory ... flash : a englishman be skew during the battle of Orleans ... jeanne no ! I do not want to know anymore ! leave I alone ! I do not kill that man ! man oh no ? how about this one ? flash : another English soldier be kill ... man or this one ? flash : ... and another ... jeanne stop , stop ... I can not remember ! the battle be all so confusing ... there be so much smoke , dust , noise ... I be be attack on all side , so ... maybe ... perhaps I fight back but it be only to defend myself ... man so you memory 's come back ? jeanne yes ... yes ! and now you tell I why God let all this battle happen in the first place ... if he 's so powerful ... he say he 's " the creator of heaven and earth , the source of all life ... " he could have easily stop all this blood and misery ? why do not he ? man be he the one who spread all this blood and misery ? jeanne no , but ... why do not he stop it ? or do he get pleasure , watch we kill each other in he name ? man in his name ?? jeanne yes ! we fight and kill in his name ... the King of Heaven ! man really ? flash : Jeanne be seat in she saddle before Orleans , raise she standard with the cry -- jeanne let all who love I follow I ! back in Jeanne 's cell : man " let all who love I follow I " ... where do God get mention ? ( Jeanne be cornere ) come on Jeanne , be honest . you fight for yourself , in you name . jeanne I ... I be defend myself as best I could ! everyone have the right to defend themselves , do not they ? or should I have let myself be kill ? man no , no , you do fine . I would even say well do . besides , most of the one you kill probably deserve it , do not you think ? jeanne no , I do not think so . I do not think that kill each other will ever bring peace . man I agree ... flashback : Jeanne tell Charles -- jeanne peace will only be get from the English at the end of a lance ! the man look at Jeanne , who be become unnerve ... man I do not agree . why do you have to keep change you mind all the time ? jeanne why be you do this to I ?? do you get pleasure from hurt I ? man ah , pleasure ... that 's a difficult word to define . when do the pain end and the pleasure begin ...? when do you pleasure begin with that sword in you hand ...? jeanne I never take pleasure in hurt anyone ? man really ? flash : in extreme slow motion , Jeanne 's face contort -- a look of madness as she sweep a sword across the screen ... jeanne nnnnooooooooo ! Jeanne cover she face with she hand , sobbing in despair . jeanne help I ... please ... set I free ! the man seem genuinely compassionate ... man you will be , Jeanne . you will be . int . hallway - rouen castle - day a hood Priest move along the hallway , stop in front of the Guard . he show he he " pass " -- a heavy seal . the Priest be aulon in disguise . the Guard look at the seal ... aulon I be replace Father demaury . he 's become very sick ... guard it 's amazing how many people have become suddenly very sick since the beginning of this trial ... it must be this witch casting spell on they . burn she ! no doubt aulon would like to stab the Guard right there , but think better of it ... aulon I will do my best . aulon enter the court room ... int . courtroom - rouen castle - day -- and sit on a bench , do he best to look inconspicuous . he guardedly glance at Jeanne who seem to be asleep on she foot . beaupere be whisper to cauchon , document in hand . beaupere beckon to the Guard ... beaupere wake she up . the Guard poke Jeanne in the rib . she seem almost use to this kind of treatment , but be weaker . aulon seethes with impotent rage , hide behind he hood . jean midi so ... let we summarize you situation . you refuse to submit to the authority of the church militant by take a oath ; you make a assault on Paris on a Sunday ; you hurl yourself down from the tower at beaurevoir , and you persist in wear male dress ... I ask you again : do you believe that you be in a state of grace ? Jeanne take a deep breath ... jeanne if I be not , may God bring I there . if I be , may he keep I there . the admiration of the assessor be almost tangible . int . antechamber - rouen castle - day Buck sweep everything off the table in a fit of anger . alone with he , cauchon look troubled . cauchon calm down , my lord , I beg you ! buck how can I calm down when I be make the laugh - stock of the whole court ?! I have have enough ! cauchon be patient , my lord ... you have see how it be . this girl have a way with people ... but everyday we be make progress ... buck so long as this bitch remain alive , we army refuse to fight ! do not you understand ? they want proof that God be on they side ... and the only way they be go to believe that be when they see she be burnt as a witch ! Buck take a mug and pour himself some wine , but the carafe be empty ... cauchon it be not for we to burn she , my lord . that be you prerogative . buck ... and you prerogative be to find she guilty ... cauchon but we can not do that unless she admit to blasphemy ... buck well what be you wait for ? you have get a castle full of rack and rope and pulley : go and torture the bitch ! cauchon take out he own personal hip -flask , he hand visibly tremble as he pour Buck some liquor . cauchon you will not be able to drag anything from she that way . you also must realize that many of my colleague be ... well , scared ... buck scare of a girl ? cauchon scare to make a mistake . suppose she 's right ... suppose she really have be send by God ?? Buck narrow he eye . buck whose side be you on , cauchon ? cauchon I be on the side of we mother Holy Church . besides , a confession under torture will never convince anyone of she guilt . buck well find some other way ! be creative . tell they she fuck the devil ... hmm , not a bad idea ... why can not you say that ? sound good to I ... and who can prove she do not ? Buck drain the liquor . cauchon one small problem , my lord . the girl be a virgin . Buck have a horrible glint in he eye . buck that be a very small problem . int . / ext . jeanne's cell / courtyard - rouen - day Jeanne be smoothing food into the cross she scratch into the wall . she do it with great care , as though painting . the man appear in the background , watch she . man what be you do ? Jeanne be delighted and relieved to see he ... jeanne I -- I clean up my room , look ... and I say my prayer ... all of they ... and ... man what be you do on the wall ? jeanne I be try to make my cross look more beautiful ... man what for ? jeanne because ... because I do not know what else to do to please he . man do you think this cross will protect you ? jeanne no , I ... Jeanne look helpless . the man smile , turn and look out of the window ... man look at they ... with they beautiful cross ... Far below in the courtyard , a Priest be bless a dozen soldier and they wooden cross . man ... the sight of priest bless entire army before they go off to kill each other never cease to amaze I . and that this massacre should be record as act of faith in God 's name ... ( no reaction from Jeanne ) and they think that make a beautiful cross or building a cathedral will wash away they sin ... ridiculous ! just like that priest who accuse you of fight on a Sunday . do God give permission to kill each other for the rest of the week ? in the courtyard , the soldier mount they horse ... jeanne " Love you enemy " ... man ( a satisfied smile ) good . but " love you enemy " ... body and soul . Jeanne nod , know the truth but still not prepare to admit it . jeanne my voice ... my voice ... do you think they will ever come back ? man I do not think so . jeanne be you go to leave I too ? man yes ... of course ... when you do not need I anymore . jeanne be you send by God ? flash : to Jeanne at Orleans ... woman but you have be send by God ! jeanne so have everyone ... back to the man : man so have everyone ... Jeanne look at he -- then at she cross -- then back at the soldier in the courtyard below . with a lusty cry , they set off at a gallop , bless and ready for battle ... jeanne there 's nothing for I to do here anymore ... I do not belong here I want to be with him now ... man do you think you be ready ? Jeanne stand up ... come and kneel before he , kissing he hand . jeanne yes I be . man be you willing to follow all his commandment ? jeanne yes ... man ... to love you enemy as much as you love yourself ? Jeanne hesitates a moment -- a short amount of time , but enough for a lie to slip in ... jeanne yes . I be ready now . the man smile . man let 's see . she hear approach footstep ... the SOUND of key jangling ... a lock turn -- -- and the three soldier walk into the room . the first one have a familiar black beard . blackbeard now that 's what I call booty ! he be none other than she sister 's rapist and murderer . Jeanne react in terror ... jeanne oh no ... blackbeard ( undoing he belt ) we think you must be pretty bored in here , so we have come to live you up a bit ... right , lad ? jeanne please -- do not do it -- do not hurt I -- blackbeard of course not , sweetheart ... if you promise to do as I say ... blackbeard caress she cheek and try to force she leg apart , but she resist -- whisper imploringly ... jeanne where be you ? do not leave I ... please ... blackbeard hey , come on ... open up ...! his two comrade egg he on . Jeanne struggle even harder , and blackbeard suddenly become violent . he grab she by the throat , thrust she against the bed and tear off she clothes . Jeanne suddenly go berserk , yell and thrashing like a cornere animal . blackbeard stop scream like that ! you will wake up the whole bleedin ' castle ! blackbeard clamp he hand over she mouth , whereupon Jeanne summon hide reserve of strength , and in a sudden surge manage to clamp she chain around blackbeard 's neck ... she press down on the chain , choke he , strangling he ...! the two other soldier come to blackbeard 's rescue and manage to haul she off . blackbeard grope he throat , then belt she across the face ... blackbeard ah , so you want to play it rough ? good ... I like it better that way ! he pull out a knife and start to tear at she clothes while the two other hold she down . Jeanne struggle for she life -- yell , spitting , bite , scratch -- blackbeard be too excited to pay any attention . nor do he notice the door open and the duchess enter with the Guard . duchess stop that at once ! that 's a order ! but to blackbeard , it could be Jeanne speak . the duchess , in she nightgown , grab blackbeard by the shoulder ... duchess I command you to stop , in the name of the King ! the mention of the King jolt blackbeard to attention ... duchess leave she alone , do you hear ? come on , get out ! the three soldier back sheepishly away ... blackbeard we be just have a little fun , that 's all , keep she company . duchess Men like you be the cause of we country 's dishonor ! blackbeard we be serve we country ... just obey order , mar 'am ... the duchess do not want to hear more ... duchess go on , get out of here ! the Guards hustle the three soldier from the room , but not before blackbeard have mumble -- blackbeard see you later , angel . the soldier leave and the Guard bolt the door behind they . Jeanne curl up on she bed , destroy , humiliate , lose . the duchess caress she face and do not know what to do to comfort she . the Guard bring a blanket -- probably he . jeanne thank you ... she wrap the blanket round Jeanne , and press the little cross back in she hand . duchess this will not happen again , I give you my word . int . room - rouen castle - day the duchess storm into a room where cauchon be talk with bedford and Buck . she walk up to he ... bedford and ... what a pleasant surprise ... ... and slap he across the face as he have never be slap before . duchess you should know that each humiliation you inflict on this woman , you inflict on all woman , include yours my lord . bedford wha ... what on earth be you talk about ? duchess if you send anymore of you soldier to Jeanne 's cell ... I will kill they myself . the duchess turn and sweep past cauchon , leave bedford stare at Buck who look decidedly embarrassed . bedford turn to cauchon ... bedford I be give you one more day . then he turn and leave . ext . cemetery of ST . ouen - day a mask executioner stand beside a stake , pile high with faggot . Jeanne , she hand bound , stand nearby , face a podium fill with the usual assembly of priest and prelate , head by cauchon . he rise to address Jeanne . cauchon Jeanne , my very dear friend in Christ , we , you judge and assessor , desirous of reach a true and lawful verdict , submit a transcript of you trial to the University of Paris in order to obtain they opinion . after careful consideration , the learn scholar have conclude with we that you have commit many grievous sin , and I ask you to listen most carefully to they opinion as contain in this article . cauchon hand a manuscript to one of the assessor , Canon Pierre maurice , then resume he seat . among the monk we spot aulon , who slowly try to make he way toward Jeanne . maurice article one . you have say that from a early age you have have revelation from the bless saint and angel , that you have see they with you own eye , and that they speak to you . as to this article , the learn scholar have declare that this claim be untrue , pernicious and evil , and that all such revelation be superstitious , and proceed from the devil . the Duke of bedford and he English peer be in a separate stand , guard by English soldier . the cemetery wall and the branch of tree beyond be crowded with spectator ... the English be impatient to carry out sentence , but maurice be not a man to be intimidate . Jeanne seem hardly aware of what be be say ... maurice article two . you say that by God 's command you have continually wear man 's clothes , and that you have also wear you hair short , without nothing ... from Jeanne 's Pov , maurice 's drine fade , and the crowd seem to disappear . she whisper in agony ... jeanne my lord ... do not abandon I ... where be you ? be this what you want ? you want I to burn ? to burn without be confess ...? I will do anything you want ... but do not leave I ... Jeanne be completely alone in the middle of the cemetery . only the grave , the stake , and the moan wind ... jeanne do not leave I here ... please ... do not leave I alone ! suddenly the crowd be back , with maurice dron on . maurice finally , article twelve . you have say that you be not willing to submit yourself to the judgment of the Church militant , but only to God . as to this article , the scholar say that you have no comprehension of the authority of the Church , that you have perniciously erred in the faith of God , and that you be a child of superstition , a wanderer from the faith , a invoker of demon , a sorceress , a idolater and a heretic ! maurice resume he seat while Chatillon approach Jeanne . chatillon Jeanne , we once again admonish , beg and exhort you to cast out and recant you erroneous belief , and return into the way of truth by submit yourself to the authority of we mother Holy Church by signing this recantation . Jeanne look at the parchment in confusion ... jeanne if the church want I to say that my vision be evil , then I do not believe in this church and I submit myself to the judgment of God ! Chatillon throw up he hand in despair . bedford be brim with anticipation . he call out to the executioner : bedford perform you office ! the executioner turn to Jeanne , but before he can take hold of she , cauchon stride over -- cauchon wait ! cauchon grab the document from Chatillon and hold it up to Jeanne ... cauchon Jeanne , I beg of you ... sign ! ( Jeanne look daze ) in God 's name , do not you understand ? I be try to save you ! if you do not sign , the English will burn you to death ! be that what you want ?? jeanne no ... I want to be confess . cauchon hand she a quill . the English be get agitate , heckling cauchon to hand she over , but the spectator in the tree and on the wall be urging she escape the pyre by signing . Jeanne begin to waver ... cauchon sign this , and I will confess you myself if you want . jeanne and may I go to mass ? cauchon as often as you like -- now , please -- for the love of God -- sign !! again Jeanne look about for the man ... but see only the executioner , wait to conduct she to the stake . cauchon sign , and you will be free from you chain ... free from the fire , Jeanne ... now ... sign ! the crowd begin to chant ... sign , sign , sign ! aulon , who have manage to get closer , join they ... aulon sign , Jeanne -- sign ! bedford be in a panic as Jeanne take the quill and make she mark -- a waver cross at the bottom of the parchment . the crowd cheer , aulon be ecstatic ... but they voice go silent as the man once again appear from behind cauchon . man you know what you just sign , Jeanne ? you just sign away my existence ... for you I be a lie , a illusion . ( Jeanne be horrify ) you see ? in the end , you be the one who abandon I ... jeanne no ... ... the man a smile of faint regret and disappear . Jeanne turn to cauchon ... jeanne please ... may I have it back ... cauchon you have nothing to regret ... she try to grab it from cauchon , but soldier pinion she . jeanne I do not mean it ! I do not know what I be signing ! you trick I ...! cauchon silence she ! ( soldier clamp hand over she mouth ) take she away ...! the Soldiers hustle she away as cauchon walk back to the podium . aulon be relieved , and yet strangely apprehensive . cauchon hand the Duke the document sign by Jeanne . cauchon there ... she have recante , and we accept she repentance , for the church never close she arm to that who return to the fold . she 's yours to do whatever you want with she , but the church have nothing to do with it anymore . she 's you prisoner -- you martyr -- not ours . bedford can not answer as the duchess be next to he . int . dungeon - rouen castle - night Jeanne be flung into a filthy dungeon . Buck appear in the doorway and fling male clothes in she face . buck here ... in case you want to get dress -- try this for size ! jeanne he promise I would be confess ... and go to mass ... and be free from this chain ...! buck we never promise you anything ! but this much I can promise you ... that you will not be leave this dungeon till the day you die ! the Guards laugh , slamm and bolt the door behind she . Jeanne sink to she knee in grief and anguish ... ext . rouen castle - dawn Dawn be break beyond the distant castle ... int . church - day cauchon be alone , lose in he thought . a young monk run in , out of breath ... monk my lord Bishop ... come quickly ...! ext . courtyard - rouen castle - day cauchon and the monk hurry across the castle courtyard . aulon see they pass , anxious at they apparent concern ... int . dungeon - rouen castle - day cauchon arrive in Jeanne 's dungeon , out of breath . it be full of people : bedford , he aide , priest and soldier . bedford ah , cauchon ... come to see for yourself ? well , take a look . Beyond they stand Jeanne , she back to we , dress as a man . bedford you see ? dress as a man again ! her touch repentance do not last very long , do it . the Bishop of senlis be pass by and be on hand to witness she very evident relapse . cauchon and by what miracle do this clothes find they way in here ? bedford not a miracle , my dear cauchon ... a evil spell ! this girl be a witch , and tomorrow she will burn for it ! ( to Buck ) have the stake prepare in the market place ...! Jeanne do not say a word . she stand with she back to we , gaze up at the dim crack of light bleed in through the high window - slit . bedford exit with the other , leave cauchon alone with Jeanne . cauchon I do not understand , Jeanne ... why do you do it ? why ? jeanne and you ? why do you lie ? you promise I could be confess ... cauchon I know , Jeanne ... it be the only way to save you from the fire ! jeanne it 's not my body I want to save . it 's my soul . Jeanne turn round , and we see that she be strangely calm , as though a great weight have be lift from she . she kneel before cauchon ... jeanne I ask only one thing ... to hear I in confession ... cauchon I -- I can not Jeanne ... I can not hear you confession ... I be sorry ... he hurry out of the cell . a Guard lock the door behind he , and Jeanne be alone . but not for long . the man materialize and sit next to she ... man do you really want to confess , Jeanne ? ( Jeanne nod ) I be listen . he turn he back , as the Priest do in the confessional . jeanne I have commit sin , my Lord -- so many sin . as a child , the only way I could help my people be to pray . so I pray to God and he saint . I pray more and more , and give God all my love ... but be not it say that God help they who help themselves ? so I help myself ... and I see sign ... the one I want to see -- and I fight , out of revenge and despair . yes , I be proud -- stubborn -- selfish -- and cruel ... I be all the thing that human believe they be allow to be when they be fight for a cause . the man smile a little , satisfied sigh . man you think you be ready now ? jeanne yes , my lord . man let 's see . as he disappear , she hear a noise ... turn round and see a Guard in the doorway ... a beat , then the Guard topple forward to the floor , blood ooze from he mouth . behind he stand a Priest . he pull a sword from the Guard 's body , then throw back he hood . it be aulon . he run to Jeanne and take she in he arm ... aulon Jeanne ... thank God ! he quickly set about remove she chain from she ankle ... aulon we must hurry -- I take care of the guard , but other be come ...! Jeanne gently caress he hand ... jeanne I be ready now ... aulon just give I a moment and then you will be free ... jeanne I be already free ... aulon ( preoccupy ) yes yes ... any moment ... you be always so impatient ... Jeanne put she hand on he to stop he waste he time . jeanne my gentle Captain ... I be stay . aulon I -- I do not understand ... jeanne one day you will . aulon you do not know what you be say . you be go to leave this place , Jeanne -- you be go home -- or whatever you want -- you be go to be happy , and have child , and ... she caress he face with both hand , smile at he gently . aulon continue to talk , but he eye be beginning to brim with tear ... he know it 's useless , that Jeanne have make she decision ... aulon ... and maybe the king will give you some money , and a little land , and a title even ... ( smile through he tear ) ... would not that be a fine thing ? you , a lady of title ! jeanne I be stay , Jean . aulon no , you must come , Jeanne -- we need you -- so much have happen since you leave ... I have a new horse now , a white one , just like yours ... and La hire hardly swear at all anymore ... ( cry ) you can not stay -- they will burn you ! jeanne I be not afraid of the fire anymore . it will purify I ... aulon Jeanne , you can not leave we like this ! Jeanne smile at he ... jeanne I be at peace now , my gentle friend ... at peace with myself . she speak gently , but with resolution : there be no go back , and aulon know it . he hear the distant SOUND of soldier approach ... aulon take Jeanne 's face in he hand and kiss she on the lip . a full kiss , the only one and the last one , one which Jeanne neither encourage nor resist . jeanne you must go . she say it gently but urgently . with tear welling , aulon tear himself from she sight and disappear . Jeanne be leave alone , strangely calm and serene . slowly she raise she finger - tip to she lip ... touch they softly ... the man emerge from the darkness , carry a ornate Cross on a long pole , bear a effigy of the crucify Christ . man ego the absolvo , in nomine patris , et filii , et spiritus sancti , amen ... he stand in front of she , raise the Cross above ... ext . rouen market place - day ... Jeanne , who look up to see the crucifix rise against a clear blue sky , now hold aloft by a Priest . she be bound to the stake , she head shave . at the base of the pyre , the executioner sprinkle the faggot with oil ... executioner do not worry , it 's go to be fast ... I use plenty of dry wood so there will be lot of smoke ... but do not forget to breath fast and you will be dizzy before the flame even get to you ... a great crowd have assemble in the market place . on a podium be the Duke of bedford , try to remain impassive . beside he , the duchess can barely contain she emotion . further along stand cauchon , he eye lower , not want to see . still disguise as a monk , aulon stand close to the pyre , torment and tear between revenge and despair ... bedford make a sign to the executioner , who then take a torch and set fire to the brushwood . flame erupt , and Jeanne 's breathe quicken . as thick smoke rise , the Priest begin to cough ; he eye water , and he can no longer hold up the cross to Jeanne 's sight . she begin to panic , she eye wildly search ... jeanne ... the ... cross ... show I the cross ... please ... the Priest struggle to hold it up , but the choke smoke drive he back . jeanne where ... where be you ...? Jeanne be fill with panic ... the Priest be bent double with cough and can get no closer ... jeanne ... please ... the cross ! suddenly aulon rush forward , grab the cross from the Priest and boldly defy the smoke and flame , risk he life as he hold it high for Jeanne ... finally the cross be visible to she , rise above the flame into a clear blue sky . her anxiety melt , she eye fill with tear of hope as she gaze up at the cross ... as she eye close , the image of the cross become engulf with flame ... until the smoke finally fill the screen , plunging it into darkness ... CUT to black . the end