the hateful EIGHT first draft 12-12-2013 chaptel owe — — — last stace to red bootk ext - white winter wyoming mountain range - snowy day a breathtaking 70 mm film ( as be the whole movie ) snow cover mountain range . a staggering open vista , set to appropriately nerve jangling music . then in the bottom leave of this big 70 mm super cinemascope frame , we see a stagecoach be pull by a team of six horse rip snort through the bottom of the landscape . CUT to ext - stagecoach ( moving ) - snowy day now , still in big super cinemascope 70 mm film gloriousness , we follow along with the lone stagecoach driver fight and guide this six horse to shelter . we follow alongside the horse , work we way from the back horse in mid stride , to the tip of the lead horse nose . we follow along the twelve horse hoof as they tear up and spit out snow and dirt . we take the driver' Pov down the hurtle six horse team . we follow along the big stagecoach wagon wheel , then up to the stagecoach door window ( complete with curtain ) . which beyond we can make out the figure of a man and a woman sit side by side . 70 mm cu of the stagecoach driver 0.b. ( pronounce obie ) as he whip the horse forward , keep the wheel on the road , and avoid the rock . then ....... ... - he see 's something up ahead . he pull back on the rein . cu horse mouth as rein be pull back . they hoove slow in the snow . o.b. still fight the rein . the horse still try to stop they vigorous glide . snort and cough hot breath , the horse finally settle to a stop . o.b. calm the halt horse , as he look straight ahead and down at the impediment to he vehicle 's progress . 0.b. 's Pov : what o.b. see 's on the road be a black man in the middle of it , sit on a nice leather saddle , laid on top of three frozen dead white men , smoking a pipe ( the Black man , not the three dead white guy ) . the black man remove the pipe from he mouth and say to the the man behind the six snort horse ; black man get room for one more ? o.b. look at the Black man sit on the three dead white man in the middle of the road , smoking a pipe , amongst fall snow flake , and say ; o.b . who the hell be you , and what happen to they ? the black man be a older man . a sly lee van cleef type with a bald pate , silver hair on the side , a distinguished mustache , and a tall slim frame . he wear the dark blue uniform pants of the U.S. calvary , with the yellow stripe down the side of the pant leg , tuck into black regulation Calvary riding boot . his shirt and undergarment 's be non regulation and wear for comfort , style , and warmth , include a long charcoal grey wool scarf . but he dark heavy winter coat be he officer winter coat from the U.S. Calvary . on top of he bald pate he wear a supercool non regulation cowboy hat he pick up sometime after the war . the northern officer say ; major marquis warren name Major Marquis Warren former U.S. Calvary . currently I be a servant of the court . the Northern Officer stand up from he saddle perch on the three freeze dead white man . major marquis warren ( con 't ) this be a coupla ' no - goods i be bringin ' into market . I get the paperwork on ‘em in my pocket . o.b. you takin ' i'm into Red rock ? maj . warren I figure that 's where you goin ' , right ? we see a terrible blizzard kick up in the background . the stagecoach have obviously be try to beat it to shelter . o.b. that damblast blizzard be on we ass for the last three hour . ai not no way we gonna ' make it all the way to Red rock ' fore it catch we . maj . warren so ya ' hightailin ' it halfway to minnie 's haberdashery ? o.b . you know I be . maj . warren May I come aboard ? o.b. well smoke , it up to I , yes . but it be not up to I . maj . warren who 's it up to ? o.b. fella ' in the wagon . maj. warren fella ' in the wagon not partial to company ? o.b . this be not the regular line . the fella ' in the wagon pay for a private trip . and i'm here to tell ya ' he pay a pretty penny for privacy . so if you wanna 's go to minnie 's with we ..... you gotta’ talk to he . to maj . warren well i suppose i'll do that . major marquis warren start to walk around to the stagecoach door , when a rifle barrel come out of the window point at the former officer . we hear a hammer click . the voice behind the rifle yell out ; voice behind the rifle ( 0s ) hold it black fella ' ! Marquis Warren stop . voice behind the rifle ( 0s ) ( con 't ) ' fore you approach , you take they two gun of yours and lay ‘em on that rock over yonder . then you raise both you hand way above you hat . then you come forward .... molass -like . maj . Warren look up at 0.b. and say ; maj . warren ( to 0.b. ) Real trustin ' fella ' , huh ? o.b. ( to maj. Warren ) not so much . maj . Warren walk over to the rock that the voice behind the rifle choose as a good place for Marquis to relieve himself of he weapon . he place two revolver hang on he hip on say rock . then raise he hand above he hat , he slowly approach 's the stagecoach . we see a bit of a face and a hat in the dark beyond the window frame in the stagecoach door . the voice behind the rifle snap ; voice behind the rifle ( 0s ) that 's far enough ! the Major stop . the rifle barrel be take inside the window ... then .... ..-. the fella ' in the wagon kick OPEN the stagecoach door so maj . Warren can see inside . the fella ' in the wagon be a rough look white man lawman type , with a drop dead black hat and a walrus like mustache above he top lip . he one arm a rifle in maj . Warren 's direction . the other arm be handcuff to the wrist of the female passenger / prisoner in the stagecoach with he . she sit across from he , she wrist cuffed to he wrist , he cuffed hand hold a pistol , the pistol point at she belly . this once pretty white lady ( maybe before the trip , maybe year ago ) wear a once pretty dress , and a once sexy smirk . the two gunned moustached man say ; two gunned moustached man well i'1l be dogge , you a black fella ' i know . Col. something Warren , right ? maj . warren Major Marquis Warren . I remember you too . we share a steak dinner in chattanooga once upon a time . you John Ruth , the hangman . JOHN RUTH that be I . ( beat ) how long that be ? maj . warren since that steak ? eight month . JOHN RUTH what bring you out in this shit ? maj . warren I be tryin ' to get a coupla ' of bounty 's to Red rock . JOHN RUTH so you still in business ? maj . warren you know I am. i= JOHN RUTH what happen to you horse ? maj . warren he be not no spring chicken . the cold get to them . he could not make it . JOHN RUTH you do not know nothin ' about this filly here ? motion towards the woman with the barrel of he pistol . maj . warren nope . JOHN RUTH do not even know she name ? maj . warren nope . JOHN RUTH well i guess that make this one fortuitous wagon . cn maj . warren I sure as hell hope so . John Ruth make the introduction ; JOHN RUTH Major Marquis Warren , this here be Daisy domergue . domergue , to you , this be maj . Warren . while keep he hand raise , maj . Warren touch the brim of he hat and nod slightly in she direction . daisy domergue ( pronounce dahmer - goo ) give maj . Warren a open hand wave with she free hand and say with a smile ; domergue howdy nigger ! that make John Ruth chuckle and maj . Warren frown . JOHN RUTH ( to maj . Warren ) she 's a pepper , be not she ? ( to domergue ) ro now girl , do not you know darkee 's do not like bein ' call nigger no more . they find it offensive . ro domergue I be call worse . JOHN RUTH now that I can believe . ( to maj - . Warren ) Heard of she ? maj . warren should I ? JOHN RUTH well she be not no John wilk Booth . but maybe you might of hear tell ' bout the price on she head . maj . warren how much ? JOHN RUTH ten thousand dollar . maj . warren damn , what she do ? kill lily langtree ? ( a maj . warren not quite . now that ten thousand practically in my pocket . it 's why I be not too anxious to be handin ' out ride . especially to professional 's open for business . maj . warren well i sure can appreciate that . only i be not get no design on 'er . one of my fella 's be worth four thousand , one 's worth three thousand , and one 's worth one . that 's damn sure good enough for I . JOHN RUTH ( meaning the three dead white guy ) who be they fella' ? maj . warren Warren vander , Homer Van hootin , and rebel Roy mccrackin . JOHN RUTH let I see they paper work . like i say , molass - like . co maj . Warren slowly remove the handbills from he winter coat pocket . John Ruth lower he rifle from maj . Warren 's chest , and take the papers to study . he remove from he pocket a pair of spindly gold frame read glass that he apply to he face . o.b. , up on he driver seat perch , yell back at they ; o.b. ( yell ) look , I sure hate to interrupt y'all ! but we gotta ' cold damn blizzard hot on we ass we tryin ' to beat to shelter ! JOHN RUTH ( yell back ) I realize that ! now shut you mouth and hold they damn horse while i think ! the grizzle guy study the handbills . then raise both of he eye and the brim of he hat to study the black Major still stand with he hand raise . John Ruth make up he mind . JOHN RUTH okay boy , we will give it a try . but you leave that pistol over yonder with the driver . Daisy domergue say ; domergue you be not really gonna ' let that nigger in here be ya ' ? I mean maybe up there with o.b. , but not in here - John Ruth take the pistol in he cuffed hand , switch it to he free hand , and bring the iron weapon down hard on the side of Daisy 's skull with a sicken cracking SOUND . this knock the woman on to the floor of the stagecoach on she hand and knee 's . blood trickle from she hair , and run down the side of she face . John Ruth lean he big hulk frame over she on the stagecoach floor , and say with real grit ; JOHN RUTH how you like the sound of they bell , bitch ? Real pretty , be not they ? you open up you trashy mouth again , I '11 knock out they front tooth for ya ' . you get it ? from the floor , domergue say ; domergue yeah . yanking she cuffed wrist hard with he arm . JOHN RUTH let I hear you say ; " I get it " . domergue look up at the brute with hate flash in she eye , and say ; domergue I get it . JOHN RUTH you damn well better . after Ruth be through deal with domergue , he turn back to face maj . Warren . maj . warren I be gonna need some help tiein ' this fella 's up on the roof . JOHN RUTH give 0.b. fifty dollar when ya ' get to Red rock , and he will help ya ' . maj . warren well , I think 0.b. 's right . that storm get I kinda ' concerned . we get goin ' a lot faster you help too . JOHN RUTH ( irritate ) goddamit to hell , I be already regret this ! now i can not likely help ya ' tie fella 's to the roof with my wrist cuffed to hers . and my wrist be gonna ' stay cuffed to hers , and she be not never gonna 's leave my goddamn side , untill i personally put she in the Red rock jail ! now do you get that ? maj . warren yeah , I get it . maj . Warren walk over to 0.b. on he driver perch . lo . maj . warren you help I tie this fella 's up on the roof , I will make it worth you while , we get to Red rock . o.b. I hear you makin ' eight thousand off this dead fucker ? maj . warren yeah . o.b. I will help ya ' for two hundred and fifty dollar . maj . warren how ' bout a hundred and fifty dollar , and first two day we in Red rock , I pay for all you booze . they get them a social club in Red rock ? o.b . why yes they do . maj . warren I will stake ya ' a night there too . now that 's a good deal , son . 0.b. light up . o.b . shit fire , that 's a damn good deal ! he leap to the ground , and shake hand with the black Major . o.b . you gotta ' deal , smoke . let 's get to it . time CUT ext - snow white wyoming mountain road - snowy day slow motion empty frame we hear the slow motion sound of the horse run and grunt through cold . then we see the nose of the two lead horse bob into frame . then with a little more effort on they part , they face . slow motion horse hoove tear and kick up the snow as they move forward . we only hear the slow motion horse sound . ut. aay int - stagecoach ( moving ) - snowy day major marquis warren sit on one side of the stagecoach , prepare he pipe for smoking . JOHN RUTH & daisy domergue attach at the wrist , sit beside each other on the opposite side of the wagon . John Ruth 's pistol be pull and sit 's on he lap . barrel lazily point in the direction of domergue ....... se eeeee or maj.Warren ... if need be . JOHN RUTH prepare he pipe for smoking as well . JOHN RUTH so what happen to you horse ? maj . warren he be pretty old . I do have he for a bit . when the weather take a turn for the worse , it get to be too much for them . JOHN RUTH as that 's too bad . maj . warren yes it be . I a ' ole lash ride alotta mile together . you might say he be my best friend - if i consider stupid animal friend .... which i do not . never the less .... I be gonna ' miss them . John Ruth light he pipe with a match stroke ; JOHN RUTH I have a horse like that once . - bout twenty year ago . call them cauliflower . use to call them my " beast friend " . maj . warren what happen to he ? JOHN RUTH some rattlesnake shot them out from under I . maj . Warren light he pipe with a match stroke off the heel of he boot . maj . warren didja ' make it right ? i2 . co the black man touch the match flame to the tobacco in the pipe bowl . John Ruth puff some smoke out of the side of he walrus mustache ; JOHN RUTH oh , you know i do . we CUT to ext - snow white wyoming mountain road - snowy day overhead shot - slow motion the six horse pull stagecoach with three dead freeze man now tie to the roof , ride through frame . we CUT to back into the stagecoach ( moving ) maj . warren smoke he pipe . JOHN RUTH smoke he pipe . then all of a sudden , John Ruth get a little sheepish , and ask ; JOHN RUTH ( to maj. Warren ) I know we only meet each other once before . and i do not mean to unduly imply intimacy . but -a ...... do you still get it ? maj . Warren know perfectly well what the old dog be refer to ; maj . warren do i still get , what ? JOHN RUTH +-- the lincon letter ? maj . warren of course . JOHN RUTH do you get it on you ? maj . Warren nod he hat brim , yes . 13 . JOHN RUTH where ? maj . Warren take two finger and point at he heart . maj . warren right here . JOHN RUTH look , i know you gotta ' be real careful with it and all . I can imagine you probably do not want to take it in an'out of the envelope all that often . but if you would not mind , I would sure appreciate seein ' it again . maj . warren well , like you say , i do not like take it in a ' out of the envelope that often . however seein ' as you save my life a ' all , i suppose i could let you read it again . John Ruth break into a big grin . maj . Warren carefully take out a envelope from he inside jacket pocket . John Ruth watch the envelope .... maj - . Warren ever so carefully remove the letter inside the envelope ..... John Ruth put on he spindly read glass . +--.- then carefully open up the letter from it 's fold position ... ++. then hand the open letter to John Ruth . Daisy domergue have no idea what up with this letter . JOHN RUTH read the letter . move he lip along with the word , but not say they out loud . maj . warren watch he read . John Ruth look up from the letter , to maj . Warren sit across from he . 14 , JOHN RUTH ( read from the letter ) " ole Mary todd callin ' , so I guess it must be time for bed " «+ . -- ole Mary Todd ..... ( to maj. Warren ) that get I . maj . warren that get I too . John Ruth turn to domergue , and hold out the letter in front of she . JOHN RUTH you know what this be , tramp ? it 's a letter from lincoln . it 's a letter from lincoln to he . ( point at maj. Warren ) they share a correspondence during the war . they be pen pal . this be just one of the letter . Daisy domergue look over at the letter with interest .... then .... houck up a lugi and spit it on the letter with a big splat ! this shock both maj. Warren and John Ruth . maj . warren slam he fist into the right side of domergue' face .... so hard .... he end up punch she into the stagecoach door with such force .... it fly OPEN .... and domergue tumble out of the six horse pull vehicle ..... the handcuff chain take JOHN RUTH with her ... as well as the lincoln letter . ext - stagecoach road - snowy day Daisy domergue and John Ruth go fly out of the speed wagon , tumble and somersault in the snow . o.b. pull up on the reign yell at the pony , bring the fast steed to a slushy stop . John Ruth lie in the snow , still chain to the daze domergue , hold he arm in pain . 15 - JOHN RUTH ( cursing at the cold ) ...0 for all the stupid - like to rip my goddamn arm off ! maj . Warren climb out of the stop vehicle . John Ruth take out a SMALL key , and for the first time in the story , unlocks the handcuffs that tie he to he female prisoner . for the moment ... both John Ruth and Daisy domergue be free . he do not want to , but he arm hurt like dickin , and he have to walk it off . Daisy domergue , spit some blood from she mouth into the snow . she touch she freed wrist . she watch John Ruth walk off the pain in he shoulder . " awww , he hurt he arm , be not that too bad " , she think to herself . maj . Warren look for he lincoln letter . John Ruth yell at the Union Officer ; JOHN RUTH I do not drag she stinkin’ ass up this goddamn mountain , just for you to break she neck on the outskirt of town ! maj . warren you the one hand she my goddamn letter . I do not give it to she , i give it to you ! JOHN RUTH okay , it 's both of we fault . maj . Warren give he a look . then go back to look for he special presidential correspondence . John Ruth 's arm feel a little better . he approach the fall domergue , with a rifle in he hand . with bloody tooth domergue look up at Ruth and say ; domergue that nigger like to bust my jaw . JOHN RUTH you ruin that letter of he , that nigger gonna ' stomp you ass to death . and when he do , I be gonna sit back on that wagon wheel watch and laugh . '' 6 . maj . Warren find the letter . it 's worse for the wear , but still intact . John Ruth call to he ; JOHN RUTH how be it ? maj . warren she do not help it none . but it 's allright . maj . Warren put the lincoln letter back in it 's envelope , then put the envelope back in the pocket of he winter jacket . then the color Union Officer scoops up a handful of snow , and craft a snowball . he look at domergue . she look at he . domergue be that the way nigger treat they lady ? maj . Warren throw the snowball in she face . maj . warren you be not no lady . maj . Warren trod 's off in the snow . John Ruth look down at she . JOHN RUTH you about one wise word from be tie up on the roof with they other fella' . now pick you trash ass up , and haul it back in that coach . open you mouth again , and i'll feed it a knucklesanwhich . 0.b. the stagecoach Driver call from offscreen ; 0.b. ( 0s ) hey mister Ruth ? answer without turn around ; JOHN RUTH what ? 0.b. ( 0s ) we get another fella ' on foot , up here on the road ! 17 , turn towards 0o.b. JOHN RUTH what ? maj . warren & o.b. look down the road at the lone figure try to get they attention . John ruth , rifle in hand , join they . Pov : way way down the snow cover road , a lone tiny figure of a man wave a lantern , try to get there attention . JOHN RUTH ( to maj. Warren ) consider there 's a blizzard goin ' on , whole lotta ' fella 's walkin ' around , would not you say , Major ? the Major look at mr.ruth . maj . warren consider I be one half of they fella 's ++... yeah .... seem to be a lot of we . John Ruth point down the road . JOHN RUTH you know that fella ' ? maj . warren I know I some people ' round here . I spend a lotta ' time on this mountain hidin ' out from bushwacker . so maybe I know that fella ' , and maybe I do not . but i be not expect nobody . JOHN RUTH you wer not , aye ? maj . warren no I wer not . John Ruth lower the rifle barrel , till it 's point at maj . Warren . JOHN RUTH this change thing , son . ( beat ) eight thousand dollar a lotta ' money for a nigger . but with a partner .... ... eighteen 's a whole lot better . I % . maj . Warren do . maj -. Warren do . maj . warren I do not have a partner no more . JOHN RUTH so you say . maj . warren why do not you take a gander at that three freeze fucker up there . you will not find no hole in there back . well , okay , maybe not rebel Roy mccracken , he i do shoot in the back . but shitfire , he deserve it . he not only shot my partner , he try to steal my damn horse . JOHN RUTH ( to maj. Warren ) turn around . JOHN RUTH put you hand behind you head . maj . warren you really think i'm in cahoot wit that fella ' ? or she ? John Ruth cuff maj . Warren 's wrist behind he back . JOHN RUTH that 's my problem boy , I do not know . and until i do , you in chain . CUT to black che ?ter two eee ee san of a gunny ron ext - snow cover stagecoach road - day the camera be behind the stranger on the road , who 's face the horse , the stagecoach , and 0.b. the stagecoach driver . the wind have pick up more , befit the come blizzard . John Ruth 's Voice yell out from inside the wagon ; JOHN ruth's voice ( 0s ) Hand you weapon to the driver . stranger on the road Little jumpy , be not you ? JOHN ruth's voice ( 0s ) never mind the joke , just do it . stranger on the road if you say so . JOHN ruth's voice ( 0s ) I do . the Stranger on the road , take the pistol hang from the gun ro belt on he hip , and hand it up to 0.b . stranger on the road okay , I do do it . JOHN ruth's voice ( 0s ) o.b . ? ya ' get them ? o.b. ( yell back ) I get ‘em ! JOHN ruth's voice ( 0s ) okay fella ' , keep holdin ' that lantern with that one hand , and keep that other hand where i can see it . walk around here where i can get a good look at cha’ . Real slow like . keeping he back to the camera , the Stranger with hand raise , walk to the stagecoach . when he get to the side of the stagecoach , he see 's John Ruth 's head frame in one of the stagecoach door window . the other window have both it 's window blind roll down , and it 's curtain close . f™\ John Ruth get a good gander at the Stranger . 20 . a JOHN RUTH I will be a goddamn dog in the manger . that you Chris mannix ? the Young Stranger , with he arm raise , hold the lantern with the wind whipping around he , say ; stranger on the road I be sorry friend , do we know each other ? JOHN RUTH not quite . int - stagecoach ( still ) - windy day Inside the coach , with the door close , maj . Warren , with he hand cuffed behind he back , say to John Ruth ; maj . warren you know this fella ' ? JOHN RUTH ( to maj . Warren ) only by reputation . ext - stagecoach road - day stranger on the road like i say friend , you get I at a bit of a disadvantage . JOHN RUTH keepin ' you at a disadvantage , be a advantage I intend to keep . stranger on the road whoever you be mister , you sure sound tough when you talkin ' to a desperate man knee deep in snow . but i do not want no trouble . I just wanna ' ride . I be freezin ' to death . int - stagecoach ( still ) - day maj . warren ( to John Ruth ) who be this joker ? JOHN RUTH ( to maj. Warren ) you hear of the rebel renegade erskine mannix ? maj . warren mannix 's Marauders ? JOHN RUTH that 's they . the scourge of South Carolina , mannix 's Marauders . that 's erskine 's youngest boy , Chris . ext - stagecoach road - day JOHN RUTH what bring you in my path , Chris mannix ? CHRIS mannix a early thirty , untrustworthy , rotten tooth hillbilly , with a admittedly fly winter outfit , complete with cool cowboy hat . CHRIS mannix well Mr. face , i be riding to Red rock and my horse step in a gofer hole in the snow , fuck up he leg , a ' have to put ‘er down . int - stagecoach ( still ) John Ruth give maj . Warren a sarcastic look . JOHN RUTH seem like a mighty bad luck day for horse . ext - stagecoach road CHRIS seem like a mighty bad luck day for I too ..... till i see you wagon . JOHN RUTH you get business in Red rock ? CHRIS yes i do . JOHN RUTH what ? zz . Chris flash a alligator grin . CHRIS I be the new sheriff . int - stagecoach ( still ) - day John Ruth and maj . Warren exchange look . ext - stagecoach road - day John Ruth snort . JOHN RUTH horseshit . CHRIS ' fraid not . JOHN RUTH where 's you star ? CHRIS well I be not the sheriff yet . once I get there they swear I in , but that be not happen yet . and that 's when you get the star . JOHN RUTH you get anything that can back any of this up ? CHRIS yeah . when we get to Red rock . JOHN RUTH not even a telegram .... you know , like when they hire ya ' ? CHRIS I travel light . ( beat ) and from the look of that three freeze fucker up there , ( point at the stagecoach roof ) I figure you a bounty hunter open for business . and I figure you take they three dead body into Red rock to get pay ? 23 , the bounty hunter lean forward , and bring up the window shade on wr the other stagecoach door , reveling domergue , and maj . Warren sit next to she . JOHN RUTH Three dead . one alive . Chris and Daisy meet eye . CHRIS who 's that ? JOHN RUTH Daisy domergue . CHRIS who the fuck be Daisy domergue ? JOHN RUTH not a goddamn thing to nobody , except I and the hangman . Chris finally get a good gander at the man inside the wagon . CHRIS well i'11 be double dogge damme . you the hangman , Bob Ruth . of JOHN RUTH it 's John . and spot maj. Warren in there too . CHRIS and you .... you the nigger with the head .... Major Marquis . my lord , be that really the real head of Major Marquis lookin ' at I now ? maj . warren I be really I , and it 's really my head . CHRIS Boy oh boy ... there be a time ... what 's goin 's on , you havin ' a bounty hunter picnic ? - never mind - you takin ' in they three and she to Red rock to get pay , be not ya ' ? JOHN RUTH yeah . 24 . CHRIS well the man in Red rock suppose to pay ya ' be I . the new sheriff . so if you wanna ' get pay , you need to get I to Red rock . JOHN RUTH well excuse I for findin ' it hard to believe a town electin ' you to do anything except drop dead . CHRIS so i'm suppose to freeze , ' cause you find something hard to believe ? int - stagecoach ( still ) John Ruth consider the choice . he look to maj . Warren . maj . Warren look back , take he or leave he , it 's up to you . JOHN RUTH I suppose not . the bounty hunter kick the stagecoach door open . he remove the last set of handcuffs from off he belt , and toss they in the snow at Chris ' foot . JOHN RUTH put they on and come inside . Chris mannix bend down and pick up the handcuffs at he foot . he examine they in he hand . then he toss they back inside the stagecoach , they land on the wood floor with a loud thump . CHRIS no . JOHN RUTH then you will freeze . CHRIS then you will hang . JOHN RUTH how so ? 25 . o.b. climb down CHRIS ( to 0.b. ) Driver ! could you come down here and join we ? off he perch and join the conversation . CHRIS ( to 0.b. ) you hear I tell this fella ' I be the new sheriff of Red rock , right ? o.b. yeah . CHRIS ( to John Ruth ) Red rock be my town now . and i'm gonna 's enter my town , in bounty hunter chain ? no - Sir ! chain of a nigger and a nigger lover ? I be not enter Red rock that way , bushwacker . ( to 0.b. ) when you finally get to Red rock . you gonna ' realize every goddamn thing i say be true . and i expect you , 0.b. , to tell the townsfolk of Red rock that John Ruth let they new sheriff freeze to death . ( to John Ruth ) there be not no bounty on my head , bushwacker . you let I die , that 's murder . Chris mannix just say a mouthful . a mouthful John Ruth chew in silence . maj . Warren break it ... maj . warren John ? John Ruth look to he . maj . warren he 's right . John Ruth make up he mind . JOHN RUTH ( to maj. Warren ) turn around . 26 . [ 7 John Ruth take the tiny key out of he pocket , and unlock the black man 's handcuffs . every time John Ruth take out that key domergue clock it . JOHN RUTH ( to 0.b. ) 0.b. , give the Major back he iron . ( to the Major ) one thing i know be this nigger-hatin ' son of a gun be not partner up with you . I will help you protect you eight thousand , you help I protect my ten , deal ? maj . warren deal . they shake hand . CHRIS ai not love grand . y'all wanna ' lie on the ground and make snow angle together ? JOHN RUTH 0.b. , I say , give the Major back he ( ~ iron ! 0.b. lean in the wagon and hand the Major he two pistol back . the black man put one back in it 's holster , and the other he rest lazy on he lap . John Ruth yank Daisy domergue back next to he . Chris mannix enter the coach , and sit in the space next to maj . Warren . before he climb back up on he perch , 0.b. close the stagecoach door , and say to the passenger through the window ; o.b. from here on end , no more stop . or be not none of we gonna 's make it to minnie 's . 0.b. disappear from the window , back up to he perch on the driver seat . he whip the six horse to life , and the whole wagon rush away . 27 . ~™ int - stagecoach ( moving ) - day major marquis warren & CHRIS mannix sit on one side . John Ruth with he wrist handcuff to Daisy domergue sit on the otherside . Chris mannix just look at the outdoors speed by the little window in the stagecoach door . CHRIS phew doggie ! that be a close one . there be a few hour there I think I be a goner fe'r sure . he let out a loud rebel yell ! CHRIS ( con 't ) good god almighty , it 's good to be alive ! tell ya ' what , Bob - JOHN RUTH - the name John . CHRIS - when we get to Red rock , I will buy you and Major Marquis there dinner and drink . my way of sayin ' thanks . JOHN RUTH I do not drink with rebel renegade , and i damn sure do not break bread with them . CHRIS well mr.hangman , you sure do not sound like a blue belly , but you sure do talk like one . you gotta ' axe to grind against the cause . JOHN RUTH yeah i do . I get I a big axe to grind against a bunch of loser go loco wrappin ' themselfs up in the rebel flag as a excuse for killin ' and stealin' . ( to maj. Warren ) and this should interest you Warren , imparticular emancipate black ! maj . Warren look over at Chris . 27 . domergue sound like my kinda ' fella 's . Chris say to John Ruth ; CHRIS sound to I you be readin ' a lotta’ newspaper print in Washington D.C. ( beat ) anywho ...... I be just tryin ' to let y'all know how grateful I be . I be a goner , and y'all save I . JOHN RUTH you want to show I how grateful you be ...... shut up . CHRIS I will . but before I shut up , there 's something I would like to know ? ( beat ) why do they call ya ' , the hangman ? that 's a mighty mean moniker . what 's it mean ? lan Major Marquis Warren open he mouth . maj . warren it 's a name well earn . and unique to we profession . this get everybody in the stagecoach 's attention . maj . warren ( con 't ) when the handbill say Dead or alive , John Ruth always try to bring them back alive . that 's why they call ‘em the hangman . when the hangman catch you , you do not die by a bullet in the back . when the hangman catch you ... ++-- you hang . then maj . Warren turn to domergue , and say ; maj . warren ( to domergue ) like for instance , if i be bringin ' you into Red rock .... you would be up on that roof with they other fella 's . Chris look over at maj. Warren . 2-7. CHRIS fae ( meaning John Ruth ) do he know how famous you once be ? maj . warren I do not think so . John Ruth realize he 's be talk about . Chris continue with he private conversation with maj . Warren ; CHRIS ( to maj. Warren ) be there still a few stupid southern boy out there who think there 's a reward on you head ? maj - Warren know what Chris be refer to , say ; maj . warren not no more . I think i get the last of ‘em , two year ago . CHRIS like they always say , you can always a tell a southern boy ... but you can not tell them much . that make maj . Warren , gafaw . Chris turn he gaze on domergue . CHRIS ( to domergue ) do you know who he ( meaning maj . Warren ) be ? domergue do I know about the thirty thousand dollar reward on the head of Major Marquis ? yeah , i know about Major Marquis and he head . John Ruth look to maj . Warren . Chris explain to John Ruth ; CHRIS for hillbilly 's , the head of Major Marquis be a new farm . or a ranch . or eight good tr horse , the kind you could start a proper stable with . 30 . CHRIS ( to maj - . Warren ) they hillbilly 's go nigger head huntin ' but they never do get ‘em the right nigger head , do they ? maj . warren no they do not . but it be not for lack of tryin' . CHRIS I bet . ( to John Ruth ) now it do not stay thirty thousand the length of the war . it drop down to eight , then five . ( to maj. Warren ) what be the reward at war end ? maj . warren at war end ? there be still a regiment of Alabama veteran offer eight hundred dollar . CHRIS you get some real commit old southern fucker in Alabama . maj . warren oh they be commit , all right . they be offer eight hundred real dollar . not that confederate wall paper . CHRIS but i bet even when it be five , you have you share of southern boy comin ' to cali . maj . warren you know i do . ( to John Ruth ) the confederate take exception to my capacity for killin ' they . so the cause put a reward on my head . ( beat ) and they peckawood leave they family , and leave they home , and come to this snowy mountain , lookin ' for I . and the one be not no one hear tell of no more , they the one that find I . JOHN RUTH why be there a reward on you ? 31 maj . warren after i break out of wellenbeck , the south take my continue existence as a personal affront . JOHN RUTH what 's wellenbeck ? CHRIS you be not never hear of wellenbeck prisoner of war camp , West Virginia ? JOHN RUTH no reb , I be not never hear of it ! ( to maj. Warren ) you bust out ? maj . Warren nod he head , yes . CHRIS oh maj . Marquis do more then bust out . maj - Marquis have a bright idea . so bright you hafta ' wonder why nobody never think about it before . ( to maj. Warren ) tell John Ruth you bright idea . maj . warren well the whole damn place be just make of kindling . ( beat ) so i burnt it down . CHRIS there be a rookie regiment spendin’ the overnight in the camp . forty -seven man ... burnt to a crisp . Southern youth , farmer son , cream of the crop . maj . warren and i say , let them burn . I be suppose to apologize for killin' johnny reb ? you fight the war to keep nigger in chain . I fight the war to kill white southern cracker . kill ‘em anyway i can . shoot them , burn ‘em , drow ‘em , drop big ole rock on they head , whatever it take to kill white southern cracker , that 's what i join the war to do .... and that 's what i do . bz . CHRIS ( to John Ruth ) to answer you question , John Ruth , when Major Marquis burn forty seven man alive , for no more a reason then to give a nigger a run for the tree , that 's when the south put a reward on the head of Major Marquis . maj . warren ( to Chris ) and I make they tree , mannix . and you best believe i do not look back neither . not till i pass the northern line . CHRIS ( to maj. Warren ) but you have a surprise waitin ' for you on the northern side , do not ya ' ? ( to John Ruth ) see once they start pullin ' out all the burnt body at wellenbeck . seem not all they boy be southern . ( to maj. Warren ) burnt up some of you own boy , do not ya' Major ? ( to John Ruth ) they start findin ' the burnt body of prisoner . ( to maj. Warren ) how many do they find ? maj . warren ( to John Ruth ) the fire get a little out of hand , he 's exaggerate . CHRIS now if memory serve , you side do not look at it that way . not that i have the time to keep up with yankee politics with all the lootin ' and shootin ' I and mine suppose to have do . anyway maj . Warren , what be the final yankee death count ? JOHN RUTH ( to Chris ) you dad be a bloody renegade . and he command a renegade army of cutthroat . CHRIS what my daddy fight fer ' be dignity in defeat , and against the unconditional surrender . we wer not foreign barbarian at the gate . we be you brother . we deserve dignity in defeat . maj . warren ( to Chris ) how many nigger town you sack in you fight for dignity in defeat , mannix ? CHRIS ( to maj. Warren ) my fair share , Major . when nigger be scar , that 's when white folk be safe . first order of business for a renegade army fightin ' for a lose southern cause , make the white folk feel safe . maj . warren now you gonna ' talk that hateful nigger talk , you can ride up top with o.b. CHRIS no no no , you get I talkin ' politics , i do not wanna ' . like i say , i'm just happy to be alive . I think i'll just look out this window here , at all this pretty scenery , and just think about how lucky i be . Chris turn away from the Major , and look out the window . we see the white winter wonderland landscape of tree and rock and snow bank go roll by in glorious 70 mm superscope . cha@tel three a minnie 's by . [ ~ ext - snow cover stagecoach road - day 0.b. drive the six horse carriage forward . he take he fist and bang on the side of the stagecoach . int - stagecoach ( moving ) - day except for John Ruth , the other passenger have doze off . that pound be 0.b. 's cue that minnie 's be just ahead . JOHN RUTH okay everybody , wake up . we be at minnie 's . the other three passenger open they eye and return to life . JOHN RUTH now this storm lookin ' pretty ugly . so once we get here , whoever minnie 's get work for she , be go to need help unhitch this pony and gettin ' they in shelter . now since I can not likely do that chain to she , I be volunteering you two freeloader . a neither maj . Warren or Chris have a problem with that . CHRIS sure. ( beat ) how long we be asleep ? JOHN RUTH about a half hour . CHRIS I do not know if it 's my imagination , but it seem a lot colder then a half hour ago . JOHN RUTH it be not you imagination . I for one can not wait to partake of some of minnie 's coffy . {to maj. Warren ) what 's that she always say about it ? maj . warren about she coffy ? ron John Ruth nod he head in the affirmative . 35 . maj . warren that it 's strong , hot , and good . John Ruth laugh ; JOHN RUTH that 's it . strong , hot , and good . ext - minnie' haberdashery - day the six horse team stagecoach pull up to the front of the log build building that 's know as " minnie' haberdashery " . on the outside , minnie 's just look like a slightly bigger then normal stagecoach stop over , park halfway up a mountain . that 's because , despite local reputation , that 's what it be . if serve two bottle of tequila , one bottle of mezcal , and one bottle of brandy qualify you as a bar , it 's a bar . if serve stew qualify you as restaurant , it 's a restaurant . it sell a few hat , and glove , and snow shoe for the stagecoach passenger . and supplies for the mountain folk . and it receive special package for people in Red rock . like say when carlos robante ( pedro gonzalez - gonzalez ) in " Rio bravo " busy that red bloomer for he wife consuela ( estelita rodriguez ) , but do not want everybody in town to know about it . if he live in Red rock , he would buy they through the mail , have they send to minnie 's , and when they arrive , minnie would get word to he , and he would ride out there and pick they up . minnie 's be also a good place to hold up during a storm . this be not the first time a group of passenger from the stage have to sit out the snow . minnie and she partner sweet Dave also trade goods . in fact the only stuff in they store of any interest be the stuff they acquire in trade . if that make they a trading goods store , then they a trading goods store . minnie 's haberdashery be a lot of thing , but the one thing it be not , be a haberdashery . 0.b. bring the horse to a stop . he see something ..... another stagecoach , horse put away , off to the side . ob . 's first think be , there 's already people here . his second think be , that 's strange . he look around . the storm have get uglier .... the wind more brutal . he see 's the outside of minnie 's , he look at the barn , the outhouse . the field of white snow surround it . it look like minnie 's , but it look a little spooky . but this storm be spooky , so o.b. caulk up he feeling to that . 36 . and into this spooky storm a beard man in a big winter coat and hat come out of minnie 's front door , and walk towards the stagecoach . just as he get closer the passenger inside open the shade on the window of the carriage door . the man see it 's four passenger sit inside . this seem to startle he . he shoot off to speak with 0.b. int - stagecoach ( still ) - day all four passenger see the man 's reaction . CHRIS he do not look that happy to see we . John Ruth , stare at minnie 's building , say ; JOHN RUTH I think he 's already get ‘em some customer . ext - minnie' haberdashery - day the bearded man in the winter coat move over to 0.b. 's perch on the wagon . beard man ( speak with french accent ) what the hell go on , we be not expect another stage tonight ? refer to the other stagecoach . o.b. I can see . you already get another one up here . beard man I just get through put the horse away . the storm be really get go now . so much so people have to yell to be hear . o.b. this be not the normal line . but we be stick on the wrong side of a blizzard , so it look like you stick with we . be minnie and sweet Dave inside ? 2 ?. beard man they be not here . I be run the place while they go . John Ruth step out of the stagecoach into the cold drag domergue along with he . JOHN RUTH where 's minnie and sweet Dave ? o.b. he say they be not here . he 's lookin ' after the place while they go . JOHN RUTH ( to 0.b. ) they be not here ... ( to bearded man ) ... where be they ? beard man they visit minnie 's mother . JOHN RUTH her mother ? who be you ? beard man I be Bob . JOHN RUTH you what ? bob I be Bob . JOHN RUTH Bob ? bob oui ... Bob . JOHN RUTH what be you ? bob I be french . JOHN RUTH so you lookin ' after the place while minnie 's away ? bob oui. 38 . JOHN RUTH coffy in there ? bob oui. JOHN RUTH be it strong , hot , and good ? bob oui. JOHN RUTH well whoever you be , help 0o .b. with the horse . get them outta ' this cold , before the blizzard land on we head . bob I just put that other horse away . you need it do fast , you need to help . JOHN RUTH I get two of my best man on it . he say as both maj . Warren and Chris mannix climb out of the stagecoach . John Ruth yank domergue away towards the front door of minnie 's , when suddenly he arm be yanked back . he look down and see domergue have stop and squatted in the snow to take a pee . she look up at he . domergue you would let a horse piss , would not ya ' ? okay , maybe she 's get a point . he let domergue take she pee . int - minnie' haberdashery - day we focus in on the front door of minnie 's haberdashery , and only the front door . we hear John Ruth outside , try to open the door , but it 's nail shut . then we hear people inside the room yell off screen at the door ; people inside ( 0s ) kick it open ! : 37 . John Ruth kick the front door OPEN - the wind from outside whip into the room - John Ruth and domergue step quickly inside , Ruth slam the door shut behind he - cutting off the wind - only to see there 's no door lock . the people Inside yell at they ; people inside ( 0s ) you have to nail it shut ! both he and she look at they , " what " ? people inside ( 0s ) there 's a hammer and nail by the door ! as they hold the door close , they look down and see a hammer and a can of nail . so as domergue hold the wind batter door close , John Ruth pick up the hammer , grab some nail , and begin pounding they into a piece of wood on the door . he finish and start to put the hammer down , when the people Inside yell at he ; people inside ( 0s ) you need to do two piece 's of wood ! both he and domergue give they a bit of " a look " , but then turn back to the door . he pick off the floor another piece of wood , and hammer it into the door and the wall . when he finish , he lay down the hammer , and say ; JOHN RUTH that door a son of a gun . who 's the idiot who break that ? he turn to look at the people Inside . it 's three men : one , a blonde little man who wear a grey european cut business suit who stand up when he see a woman have enter the room . blonde little man ( speak with a English accent ) good heaven , a woman out in this white hell . you must be freeze solid . the blonde Little man be a bit of a fop . not a gigantic fop , just a bit of one . two , a old man with a white beard in a 01d grey confederate Officer uniform . rank , general . he sit by himself in a cozy chair by the fire place complete with roaring fire . he do not look up f= at the man and woman . and ... Three , a lone cowboy fella ' , in a cow puncher uniform complete with cool brown cow puncher hat . he sit at a little table in the corner , peel a apple with a little tiny knife , the apple skin hang down unbroken in a long string . when the man and woman enter the room , he do not stop what he 's do ( peel the apple ) , but he eye go up to they . we also take in the inside of minnie 's haberdashery . as have be report by Bob , sadly no minnie . even without meeting minnie , we feel she loss to this building . with minnie 's big presence this place come alive and be homey and warm . without she , it 's a cold shack full of junk . there 's a kitchen area , that include a pot belly stove . two comfy chair sit in front of fireplace with a big warming fire crackle in it . in one of the cozy chair sit the 01d General , in the other be the Little English man before he stand up . across from the kitchen area , on the otherside of the room , be a bar Area . a small bar , with Three bar stool . and four bottle of booze . two bottle of tequila . one bottle of mezcal . one bottle of rno brandy . a few scattered small table for one to four . the cowboy fella ' sit at one of that . a picnic table in the middle of the room for community eat . a 01d piano in the corner . and a Big Iron double bed that sit amongst the goods in the store . it 's minnie and sweet dave bed . John Ruth answer the English man ; JOHN RUTH get a few dead one back there freeze solid . this tramp just chilly . english man well she should warm herself by the fire . JOHN RUTH coffy i' 11 do she good . Ruth yank she in the direction of the pot belly stove and the os coffy . ui. the people Inside see the handcuffs that attache the two . as John Ruth cross the room head towards the kitchen area , f™ drag domergue along like a rag doll , he ask the English man ; JOHN RUTH seem like minnie 's get ‘er a full house . when do you fella 's arrive ? english man about forty minute ago . JOHN RUTH ( meaning the cowboy fella 's ) be that you driver ? John Ruth find the coffy pot ’on the stove . english man no , he 's a passenger . the driver light out . he say he be go to spend the blizzard shack up with a friend . he would come back when the sun come out . JOHN RUTH lucky devil . vant John Ruth go look for coffy cup . he see a half pluck chicken , make a face at it . he find a coffy cup , and pour himself a hot cup of minnie 's coffy . he turn to domergue and ask ; JOHN RUTH what be it again ? domergue about she coffy ? JOHN RUTH yeah . domergue strong hot and good . JOHN RUTH that 's it , strong , hot , and ..... John Ruth take a drink of coffy .... then spit it out ... JOHN RUTH Jesus Christ , that 's awful ! yz. la the cowboy fella ' laugh . as do the Little man . as do domergue . as do John Ruth as he take the coffy pot and dump out the brown junk in it . JOHN RUTH Christ almighty , what that french fella ' do , soak he ole sock in the pot ? they all laugh . little man I think we feel the same way , but be alittle too polite to say something . domergue ( refer to Ruth ) he do not have that problem . JOHN RUTH where 's the coffy ? the Little man point at a bag . little man there . John Ruth make a new pot of coffy , drag domergue with he . as he prepare the coffy , he ask the Little English man ; JOHN RUTH so all three of you on the way to Red rock when the blizzard stop ya ' , huh ? little man yes , all three of we be on that stagecoach out there . how many in yours ? JOHN RUTH full house . include I , she and the driver , five . the cowboy fella 's eye raise as he hear the stagecoach bring five with they . he eat a piece of apple . the Old General do not twitch . 43. on the Little English man 's eye raise as well . little man five ? well well well . look like minnie 's haberdashery be about to get cozy the next couple of day . JOHN RUTH where 's the well water ? the Little English man point at a bucket . little man right there . John Ruth add water to the coffy pot and put it on the pot belly stove to boil . then suddenly domergue blurt out to the Little man or the room ; domergue the new sheriff of Red rock be travel with we . all three , English man , Old man , and cowboy fella ' , hear that . JOHN RUTH sheriff of Red rock , that will be the day . little man ( curious ) the new sheriff of Red rock be travel with you ? JOHN RUTH he 's lien , he be not sheriff of nothin' . he 's a southern renegade . he 's just talkin ' he self outta 's freezin ' to death , be all . ( to domergue ) what the fuck i tell you ' bout talkin ' ? I will bust you in the mouth right in front of all this people , I do not give a fuck ! the Little English man watch the terse exchange between the man and woman with a visible amount of distaste . little man you never say you name , sir . JOHN RUTH John Ruth . yy , ( be little man . be you a lawman ? JOHN RUTH I be takin ' she to the law . little man so you a bounty hunter ? JOHN RUTH that 's right , buster . little man do you have a warrant ? John Ruth be surprised by that question . JOHN RUTH ' corse i do . little man May I see it ? JOHN RUTH why ? a little man you suppose to produce it upon request . how be I suppose to know you not a villain , kidnape this woman without a warrant in you possession JOHN RUTH ( irritate ) what 's you name , buster ? little man well it certainly be not buster . it 's oswaldo mobray . JOHN RUTH oswaldo ? oswaldo yes . JOHN RUTH well i get my warrant , oswaldo . John Ruth take the warrant out of he winter coat , and slap it into oswaldo 's hand . co tbe . a oswaldo remove a glass case from he suit coat pocket . out of the case he remove a pair of read glass , and place they on he face . he examine the document . he look up from the paper to the face of Daisy domergue . oswaldo I take it you Daisy domergue ? domergue start to say , yes - when John Ruth interrupt she . JOHN RUTH - it 's she . oswaldo go back to examine the warrant . oswaldo ( as he read ) this warrant say , Dead or alive ? JOHN RUTH yes it do . oswaldo you have be transport she for day , have not you ? JOHN RUTH how do you know ? oswaldo because you both look like it . ( he hand Ruth back the warrant ) transport a desperate hostile prisoner like she sound like hard work . would not transport she be easier if she be dead ? as John Ruth put the warrant back in the pocket of he winter coat . JOHN RUTH no one say the job be suppose to be easy . oswaldo why be she hang proper , so important to you ? JOHN RUTH let 's just say i do not like to cheat the hangman . he 's gotta’ make a live too . gh. 4 . oswaldo mobray reach into the pocket of he suit vest , and , produce a business card , which he extend to John Ruth . oswaldo I appreciate that . allow I to properly introduce myself . I be oswaldo mobray , the hangman in this part . John Ruth look at the card . JOHN RUTH well la-dee - da . ( look at oswaldo ) look like i bring you a customer . oswaldo look to Daisy . Daisy look to oswaldo . oswaldo so it would appear . domergue have you ever spend two day or more lock up with one of you customer before hand ? oswaldo not say i have . 's will be a ( to oswaldo ) do not talk to my prisoner . I talk to my prisoner , that 's it . you get it ? oswaldo get it . ext - minnie' haberdashery - day and int - minnie' stable we see separate shot of maj . Warren , Chris , 0.b. , and Bob unhitch the horse from the stagecoach .... lead they across the snowy ground to , stable .... and once in the stable lead they into the stall . tre all four men : major marquis warren . CHRIS mannix . o.b.. bob . know how to handle horse . we also see the wind get worse . int - minnie' habadashery - day John Ruth , with domergue in tow , have relocate with oswaldo mobray by the bar . John Ruth pour shot of mezcal into clay shooter for oswaldo , himself , and domergue . they drink . as the clay shooter leave John Ruth 's lip , he look across the room at the cowboy fella ' . the cowboy fella ' be at he table , a deck of card laid out in front of he , play a game of solitaire . a bottle of brandy and a glass sit on the table . as do a pile of shell peanut , and a pile of broken shell . the cowboy fella ' mind he own business , drink brandy , eat peanut , and play solitaire . John Ruth turn to oswaldo at the bar ; JOHN RUTH how " bout the cowboy fella ' ? what 's he story ? oswaldo I do not know , he do not say much . JOHN RUTH what would ya’ mean , he do not say much ? you ride up that whole hill together do not ya ' ? oswaldo and he do not say much . wg. JOHN RUTH ' ao what 's he name ? oswaldo I do not know . JOHN RUTH he never say he name ? JOHN RUTH I do not think so . John Ruth dig a silver dollar out of he pocket . with he thumb , he flip it through the AIR , landing on the cowboy fella 's solitaire table with a loud thump . the cowboy fella ' look up from he game . John Ruth , drag along domergue , head towards the cowboy fella 's table . JOHN RUTH no offense cowboy fella ' , just gettin’ you attention . the cowboy fella ' lean back in he chair and look up at the bounty hunter , say he first line ; cowboy fella ' you get it . JOHN RUTH I be John Ruth , I be bringin ' in this one ( gesture to domergue ) to Red rock to hang . that 's my story . what 's yours ? the cowboy fella ' show the bounty hunter he 's a real wise ass . cowboy fella ' actually ... it be my brother Earl , who be the storyteller in the family . I , I have never be very good at it . it 's a gift . some folk have it , some folk do not . John Ruth look down at he sit at the table with a smile on he face . JOHN RUTH smarty pants , huh ? 44 . Ruth turn to domergue , and point at the solitaire table . JOHN RUTH turn that over . domergue , do what she 's tell , turn over the cowboy fella 's table . card , a brandy bottle , and peanut go fly . John Ruth step in to the sit man closer , and he place he hand on the butt of he pistol . cowboy fella you do realize you break we only bottle of brandy ? JOHN RUTH where you goin ' you will not need brandy . ( beat ) look boy , smarty pants answer be not gonna ' cut it . I be transport a prisoner . a prisoner who have friend . Friends who would like to see she free , and I dead . ai not no way i'm spendin ' a coupla ' night under a roof with somebody i do not know who they be . and I do not know who you be . so who be you ? cowboy fella 's Joe gage . JOHN RUTH what ? joe gage that 's my name . Joe gage . JOHN RUTH okay Joe gage , why you goin ' to Red rock ? joe gage I be not goin ' to Red rock . JOHN RUTH where you goin " ? joe gage I be goin ' nine mile outside of Red rock . JOHN RUTH what 's there ? joe gage my mother . fe. JOHN RUTH you mother ? joe gage I be a cow puncher . I just finish a big long drive . I be not just a ass in a saddle , / ether . I be partner on this one . for ’once in my life I make a pretty penny . I be come up here to spend Christmas with my mother . JOHN RUTH really ? joe gage really . JOHN RUTH funny , you do not really look like the come home for Christmas type . : joe gage well then look be deceive . because I be defiantly the come home for Christmas to spend it with my mother , type . Christmas with mother ? it 's the great thing in the world . ( beat ) be that good enough ? JOHN RUTH that 's good enough for now . ( beat ) steer clear of my prisoner . he move away from Joe gage , and look at the Old General . he just look at the Old man who do not look at he . John Ruth make contact . JOHN RUTH ( con 't ) hello old timer . the old timer point out the General rank on he uniform . old general General . JOHN RUTH ( respectfully ) General . 51 . old general you sir , be a hyena . domergue laugh at this . old general ( con 't ) and I have no wish to speak to you . John Ruth take the insult for a moment and say ; JOHN RUTH I have be call worse . Fair enough , General , sorry to bother you . int - minnie' stable - day the four man get all the horse in the stable stall . with the other stage 's six horse , and minnie and sweet dave nag , it 's quite a full house at minnie 's stable . 7 thirteen horse . not such a great number . as they finish , Bob the frenchman say to the other three ; bob I will feed and water the horse . you go inside , and get some hot coffy . I have get some stew on the fire , should be ready soon . o.b. sound good to I . ( to Bob ) look no matter how bad this blizzard get , we still gotta ' feed this horse . so I and Chris better lay out a line from the stable to minnie 's front door . bob good idea . o.b. and Chris grab a rope , a hammer , spike and start in on that . maj. Warren tell Bob ; maj . warren I will help you . bob no , do not worry , go inside , get warm . g 2 . maj . warren you do stable work in a blizzard , i offer to help , and you say , no ? bob you right . thank you for you help . the two man get to the business of feed and water the hard work horse . ext - minnie' stable - day Chris and 0.b. stretch out a rope in the harsh snow and wind . int - minnie' haberdashery - day John Ruth and domergue sit at the bar drink with the hangman oswaldo mobray . oswaldo be in mid-monologue ; oswaldo ( to domergue ) you want for murder . for the shake of my analogy , let 's assume you do it . John Ruth snort . her eyeball go to John Ruth for a beat , then move back to oswaldo . domergue so .... assume that ....? oswaldo John Ruth want to take you to Red rock to stand trail for murder . and ... if .... you find guilty , the people of Red rock will hang you in the town square . and as the hangman , I will preform the execution . and if all that thing end up take place , that 's what civilized society call justice . ( beat ) however if the relative and love one of the person you murder be outside that door right now . and after busting down that door , they drug you out in the snow , and strung you up by the neck .... +... that would be frontier justice . 53 . oswaldo ( con 't ) now the good part about frontier justice be it 's very thirst quenching . the bad part be it 's apt to be wrong as right . JOHN RUTH ( to domergue ) not in you case . in you case , you would have it comin ' . but other people , maybe not so much . oswaldo but ultimately ... what 's the real difference between the two ? the real difference be I .... the hangman . to I , it do not matter what you do . when i hang you , i will get no satisfaction from you death . it 's my job . I hang you in Red rock , i go to the next town , i hang somebody else there . the man who pull the lever that break you neck , will be a dispassionate man . and that dispassion be the very essence of justice . for justice deliver without dispassion , be always in danger of not be justice . then we hear Chris and 0.b. outside the front door . ext - front door minnie' haberdashery - day Chris try the door it will not open . then he hear the people Inside yell from the otherside of the door ; people inside ( 0s ) kick it open ! Chris and 0.b. trade look . int - minnie' haberdashery - day Chris mannix kick the front door OPEN - the wind from outside whip into the room - Chris mannix and 0.b. step quickly inside , mannix slam the door shut behind he - cutting off the wind - only to see there 's no door lock . people inside you hafta ' nail it shut ! sy . so as Chris hold the door close as the wind beat against it , o.b. pick up the hammer , grab some nail , and begin pounding they into a piece of wood on the door . he finish and start to put the hammer down , when the people Inside yell at he ; people inside you need to do two piece 's of wood ! both o.b. and Chris give they a bit of a " look " , but then turn back to the door , and pound nail into another piece of wood . when 0.b. finish , he lay the hammer down and say ; o.b. Jesus Christ , that door a whore ! Chris turn around and take in the room and the people . CHRIS oh , i get it , haberdashery , that be a joke . he see 's John Ruth at the bar , and on the otherside of the room , the pot belly stove with the pot of coffy on it . the very cold Chris and 0.b. head for the coffy pot . CHRIS {to John Ruth ) how the coffy ? move over to the pot belly stove , and where he go so go domergue , John Ruth say ; JOHN RUTH now , pretty good , if i do say so myself . 0. B find the cup . Chris pour the coffy . John Ruth and domergue join they . as do oswaldo mobray . Chris and 0.b. drink the coffy . they both really like it . o.b. damn that 's good . talk to Chris and 0.b. John Ruth jerk he thumb in oswaldo 's direction ; JOHN RUTH guess who he be ? Chris take a drink of coffy and guess ; CHRIS buffalo Bill ? the little english fop laugh at that ; oswaldo ha ha ha - hardly . I be oswaldo mobray , I be the - John Ruth interrupt he . JOHN RUTH - he 's the hangman of Red rock . both Chris and 0.b. 's eye raise . CHRIS oh , you be ? oswaldo smile at he . oswaldo yes I be . Chris offer he hand to shake , they do . CHRIS well good to meet you mr.mobray , I be Chris mannix the new sheriff in Red rock . both Joe gage and the 01d General look up to see who 's talk . John Ruth , chain to domergue , drink mezcal , say ; JOHN RUTH ( loudly ) horseshit ! mr.mannix and mr.mobray finish shaking hand , they both look to rude Ruth . CHRIS pay no attention to he . wo " John Ruth continue with he boorish behavior ; JOHN RUTH ( loudly ) horse -shit ! ( to Chris ) if you a goddamn sheriff , I 'ma monkey 's uncle . CHRIS ( to Ruth ) good , then you can share bananas with you nigger friend in the stable . Chris continue with the introduction , despite John Ruth ; CHRIS ( to oswaldo ) fella ' next to I be a hellva ' driver name o.b . oswaldo and o.b shake hand . JOHN RUTH that 's the only thing you say that 's the truth . Chris ignore he . CHRIS ( to oswaldo ) you comin ' into Red rock to hang lance lawson ? oswaldo precisely . CHRIS do you have you execution order on you ? oswaldo in my bag . CHRIS can i see they ? oswaldo of course . John Ruth and domergue just watch the follow exchange somewhat flabbergasted . even John Ruth would have to admit , if Chris be lie .... he sure be a convincing liar . 67 . oswaldo go over to the bag he leave by the cozy chair by the fireplace , next to the 01d General . he open it search for the papers . John Ruth ask Chris ; JOHN RUTH who 's lance lawson ? CHRIS he 's a fella 's be sittin ' in the Red rock jail about a month now . he 's the fella ' - who shot the fella ' - who be sheriff ' fore I . Chris move over by the fire , and take the papers that oswaldo hand to he . he read they . everybody in the room watch he read the papers . as he read , oswaldo ask he ; oswaldo what do you mean when you say , the bounty hunter nigger friend in the stable ? CHRIS ( still read ) he 's get a nigger bounty hunter friend in the stable . oswaldo all that just to guard she ? finish with the papers ; CHRIS I do not think that be the original idea , but that 's the idea now . he hand oswaldo back he papers . oswaldo I do not know they have nigger bounty hunter in America ? CHRIS we be not get many . but the one we get be pepper . 5g . after hand the hangman 's papers back to he , he get a good ( '' look at the Old Southern General sit in one of the two cozy chair in the room . CHRIS well cut my leg off and call I shorty , be that Gen. sanford smither in my line of sight ? the Old General look up at the young man and smile ; old general you have a good eye son . Chris let out a laugh and a twirl ; CHRIS I will be double dogge damme ! General Sandy " do not give a damn " smither ! Chris salute the Old General . CHRIS ( con 't ) cap't . Chris mannix , mannix Marauders . gen . smither return the salute . gen . smither erskine 's boy ? CHRIS yes sir . gen . smither point to the empty cozy chair , cover by a blanket and some animal skin . gen . smither sit down , cap't . CHRIS yes sir . Chris sit down across from the old General . CHRIS ( con 't ) Boy do my daddy talk about you . I hear you pulverize they blue belly ! one you do not kill , run off screamin ' in terror ! [ 7 gen . smither I and my boy do we part . as do ~ erskine and he boy . I never know you father son , but i respected he resolve . CHRIS Gen. Sandy smither . it 's a small damn world . John Ruth , who have move back by the bar , say to domergue ; JOHN RUTH I do not know about the world . but this goddamn mountain sure seem pretty fuckin ' small . int - minnie' stable - day maj . Warren and Bob have finish feed and water the horse . maj . warren what 's you name ? bob bob. co '' maj . warren ~ what ? bob bob. maj . warren one more time ... bob bob. maj. warren bob? bob oui , bob. maj . warren Marquis . the two man shake hand . maj . warren minnie and sweet Dave inside ? ge. bob minnie and sweet Dave go to visit she mother on the north side of the mountain . maj . warren her mother ? I do not know minnie have a mother . bob everybody 's get a mother . maj . warren I suppose . and they leave you in charge ? bob yes. maj. warren that sure do not sound like minnie . bob be you callin ' I a liar ? maj . warren not yet i be not . but it sure do sound peculiar . bob what sound peculiar ? maj . warren well for one , minnie just never strike I as the sentimental type . a two , I can not imagine sweet Dave liftin ' he fat ass outta 's he chair long enough to fetch well water , unless minnie be layin ' a fryin ' pan upside he head . no less takin ' trip to the north side . bob that sound a whole lot like you call I a liar , mister Black . maj . warren it do sound a whole lot like it . but i still have not do it yet . minnie still serve food ? bob do you consider stew food ? gl. maj . warren yes . bob then we serve food . maj . warren minnie still stink up the place with she " Old quail " pipe tobacco ? bob minnie do not smoke a pipe . she roll she own . " Red Apple " tobacco . but mister Black ... I think you already know this . maj . warren just seein ' if you do . the stand off be over . they both head for minnie 's . int - minnie' haberdashery - day Chris stand at the pot belly stove pour two cup of coffy from the coffy pot . one for he , and one for gen . smither , who he talk to as he pour . CHRIS so what bring you out Wyoming way , sir ? the Southern General have not move from he chair . gen . smither my boy . CHRIS you gotta 's boy life in Red rock ? Chris come back carry two cup of coffy . he place one on the table next to the General . and he sip the other as he sit back down in the cozy chair . gen . smither my son , Chester Charles smither , die out here a few year back . CHRIS forgive I sir . gen . smither no forgiveness need . like i say , it be a few year back . 62 . Chris move over gen.smither ( con 't ) it be after he service be serve . he take off for the hill of Wyoming to make he fortune . never to be hear from again . I have buy he a symbolic plot in the Red rock cemetery . I be here to instruct the stone maker of the headstone . CHRIS be he a goner fer ' sure ? no chance he could be livin ' " the cold life " out in the wood . it 's a rough life . but folk can learn it . gen . smither if he do what he come to do , he would a come home . CHRIS where 's home ? gen . smither Georgia . CHRIS well what say we have a drink to Chester Charles smither ? a drink to you service to the south , sir . and a drink to the great state of Georgia . gen . smither I would like a drink from erskine mannix 's boy to my boy . but I will not drink with that flesh peddler at the bar . that fella ' be a bully and a hyena . CHRIS I could not agree more . that fella ' be a bully and a hyena . but luckily , I speak hyena . let I have a word with he . to John Ruth and domergue at the bar . CHRIS {to John ) mr.ruth would you mind if myself and the General commandeer the bar for a little Southern war remembrance ? JOHN RUTH sure , why not . 63. ro Chris go back to get the southern General . at first the old man do not want to leave he seat , and seem nervous , but Chris wont take no for a answer . now gen . smither and Chris have trade place with John Ruth and domergue . with the two southerner at the bar , and John Ruth sit in gen . smither cozy chair . domergue sit on the floor next to John Ruth . Chris pour two shot of tequila into clay cup for he and the old man . then hold he cup high , Chris toast ; CHRIS this a drink to Chester Charles smither . this be a drink to one man 's commitment to a cause . ( he put he hand on the General 's shoulder ) and this be a drink to the red in Georgia clay . the southern gen.and cap't . drink down the tequila . as John Ruth sit by the fire , he notice something in the fireplace . he ask domergue who 's closer ; JOHN RUTH hey girl , see that page in the fireplace ? domergue yeah . JOHN RUTH grab them for I ? she do , and hand he what look like the half burn page from a novel . he examine they in he hand . we see the burnt page and notice the name of one of the character .... " d' artagnan " then ..... bob kick OPEN the front door - the wind from outside whip into the room - Bob and maj . Warren step quickly inside , Bob slam the door shut behind he - cutting off the wind - Bob say to the Major ; bob you have to hold it close , while i nail it shut . maj . Warren look at he , really ? Bob grab the hammer and waste no time pounding the nail into both piece of wood . they finnish , and turn from the door , with maj . Warren get he first look at the room and it 's people . he see : General smither from behind at the bar with Chris . Joe gage sit at a table . oswaldo mobray sit by the fire in the seat opposite John Ruth . maj . Warren see 's 0.b. over by the pot belly stove drink coffy . he head over to he . maj . warren looky here 0.b. , I gotta ' proposition for ya ' . at first you ask for two hundred and fifty dollar when we get to Red rock . well I think you drive this wagon so godddamn fuckin ' great , that when we get to Red rock I be gonna give you two hundred and fifty dollar just for drive this wagon so goddamn fuckin’ great . and I be gonna keep my other hundred and fifty dollar deal with the drink and booze and friendly lady .... with another hundred on top of that ....if.... you help I take they two fella 's down from off the roof and stash they in the snow . and when the snow melt , help I tie ‘em back on . o.b. Jesus smoke , I just get warm . maj . warren I know . I know . but you and I both know it 's gonna ' get colder out there . and you and i both know now 's the time . 65 . maj . Warren hold out he hand to shake . maj . warren we gotta ' deal . o.b. deal . he shake hand with the black man . then start put on he winter coat . at the bar gen . smither look at the black man with bitterness . Chris mannix notice it . CHRIS you know that nigger , sir ? gen . smither I do not know that nigger . I know he 's a nigger . that 's all i need to know . Chris laugh to himself . CHRIS well that nigger just be not any nigger . that nigger be - just as Chris mannix be go to name Major Marquis Warren to the old man , Major Marquis Warren yell out across the room ; maj . warren General sanford smither ? Battle of baton rouge ? this get everybody attention . everybody turn to maj . Warren . everybody that be except the old southern general , who sit at the bar , back to the black man . the Southern Old man , tell the Southern Young man ( Chris ) ; gen.smither ( to Chris ) inform this nigger in the Calvary uniform , I have a division of confederate under my command in baton rouge . 66 . CHRIS rant ( to maj. Warren ) Major nigger ? General smither wish I to inform you - maj . warren ( to Chris ) - I hear ‘em hillbilly . Major Warren start slowly crossing the room towards the Old man , hot cup of coffy in he hand . maj . warren ( to Chris ) inform this old cracker I be in baton rouge as well . ( beat ) on the other side . CHRIS oh that 's interesting . ( to the General ) General smither , he say - gen . smither ( to Chris ) cap't mannix , inform this nigger I do not ~~ acknowledge the uniform of northern nigger . maj. warren ( to Gen. smither ) you capture a whole color command that day . but no color trooper ever make it to a camp , do they ? maj . Warren accuse stance prompt the Old man to turn around and face he accuser . but he do not stand up from the bar stool . the whole room watch . gen . smither ( to maj. Warren ) we have neither the time , the food , or the inclination to care for northern horse or northern nigger . ( beat ) so we shot they where they stand . maj . Warren throw he cup of coffy away , and he hand go to he gun butt . when ... o™ c7 . oswaldo mobray step into the line of fire between the old white aaa man and the black man . oswaldo gentlemen , I know Americans be not apt to let a little thing like a unconditional surrender get in the way of a good war . but i strongly suggest we do not restage the Battle of baton rouge in a blizzard in minnie 's haberdashery . ( breath ) now maj . Warren , while i realize passion be high , that be awhile ago . and if you shoot this unarm old man , I guarantee you , I will hang you once we arrive in Red rock . CHRIS I can damn well guarantee that too . JOHN RUTH yeah Marquis , that 's the thing ' bout old man . you can kick ‘em down the stair but you can not shoot ‘em . no matter how annoying they be . oswaldo an now gentleman we may be trap here close together like for a few day . May i suggest a possible solution ? we divide minnie 's in half . the Northern side and the Southern side . with the dinner table operate as neutral territory . we could say the bar act as a symbolic representive of Georgia . while the fire side of the room represent ..... Philadelphia . maj . Warren walk over to the bar , by gen.smither .... all eye on he .... maj . warren I be okay with that . except .. ( slapping he hand on the bar top ) «... the bar 's Philadelphia . ext - minnie' haberdashery - day we see maj . Warren and o.b. in this bad weather remove the dead ( = body from on top of the stagecoach . 63 " it be not easy . the shot start zooming back until we realize we be look at they through a glass window with oswaldo . oswaldo mobray the little English man sip coffy as he watch the two Americans deal with the dead body . joe gage lie doze on a cot . CHRIS & gen. smither continue to talk sit in the two cozy chair by the fire . bob . stir the big stew pot on the fire . JOHN RUTH ( with / domergue ) pour himself a new cup of coffy from a freshly make pot . as he drink he see the discard half plucked chicken again in the kitchen area . bob check the stew , replace the lid on the top of the pot , and turn around to face John Ruth ( with / domergue ) hold the half pluck chicken in he hand . JOHN RUTH ( meaning the chicken ) what the hell be this ? bob it 's a chicken . JOHN RUTH no it 's not . it 's a half pluck chicken . a half pluck chicken be bad luck . we do not need bad luck in a blizzard . now what 's it do here ? bob I be pluck it when you stage arrive . JOHN RUTH and you stop to take care of the passenger ? bob oui. 67 . JOHN RUTH well ... you not take care of the passenger now ? bob I think better to deal with the stew . John Ruth roughly shove the chicken in he hand ; JOHN RUTH pluck the chicken . Bob take the chicken from John Ruth and sit down on a stool and finish the job of pluck it . everybody watch this . at this point almost everybody in the story have be bully by John Ruth at some point or another . maj . warren kick the front door OPEN - the wind from outside whip through the room - maj. Warren and o.b. hurry inside and slam the door behind they - 0.b. hold the door close as maj . Warren pound nail into two piece of wood nail the door close . when maj . Warren finish , he drop the hammer to the floor . 0.b. say ; o.b. that damn door a dirty whore . the two freezing man head straight for the pot belly stove and the coffy pot . they're so cold they do not even remove they Winter coat . John Ruth pick up the coffy pot and start pour the hillbilly and the black man cup . JOHN RUTH I just make some more coffy . git some in ya . they drink the coffy . JOHN RUTH ( quietly to maj. Warren ) we still get that same deal we talk about in the wagon ? I help you protect you eight thousand , you help I protect my ten ? jo . maj . Warren look maj . warren yeah , i guess . JOHN RUTH one of they fella 's ( meaning Bob or Joe or oswaldo or Chris ) be not what he say he be . o.b. what be he ? JOHN RUTH he 's in cahoot with this one ( meaning domergue ) that 's what he be .. one of they , maybe even two of ‘em , be here to see domergue go free . and to accomplish that goal , they will kill everybody in here . over to domergue who have not any expression . JOHN RUTH ( con 't ) and they get them a coupla ' day . so all they gotta ' do be sit tight and wait for a winda ' of opportunity . and that 's when they strike , huh bitch ? domergue if you say so , John . maj . warren ( to John Ruth ) be you sure you not just be paranoid ? John Ruth do not even entertain the question , he just continue ; JOHN RUTH we best bet be this duplicitis fella ' be not as cool a customer as Daisy here . he will not have the leather patience it take to just sit here and wait . o.b. wait for what ? JOHN RUTH a opportunity to kill we all . but wait for a opportunity , and know it 's the right one , be not easy . if he can not handle it , he will stop wait . he will try a ' create he opportunity . and that 's when mr.jumpy reveal himself . u , JOHN RUTH [ 7 ( con 't ) and i bet he do it ' fore mornin ' . I bet he do it way ' fore mornin’ . maj . Warren turn he head in the direction of domergue . maj . warren what do you get to say about all this ? domergue what do i get to say ? about John Ruth 's rave 's ? he 's absolutely right . I and one of they fella 's be in cahoot . and we be just waitin ' for everybody to go to sleep , that 's when we gonna ' kill y'all . then we just sit tight , drink mezcal and eat stew till the sun come out . JOHN RUTH see , what i tell ya ' ? she even admit it . maj. warren I think she be just bein ' funny . JOHN RUTH really Major ? you think she 's funny ? cr 2 well if you do , you just might die laughin ' . maj. Warren and o.b. can not quite tell if this old bastre be on to something or a hopeless loon . joe gage lie down on the cot , with he cowboy hat over he face , hear the bounty hunter John Ruth call out to the room ; JOHN RUTH voice ( 0s ) okay everybody , hear this . Joe take the hat away from he face , and remain vertical listen to the bounty hunter speech . JOHN RUTH ( with / domergue ) stand in the middle of the room , talk to the other people inside of minnie 's . JOHN RUTH ( point at domergue ) this here be Daisy domergue . she 's want dead or alive for murder . ten thousand dollar . that money 's mine boy . do not wanna ' share it , be not gonna 's os lose it . when the sun come out , i'm take this woman into Red rock to hang . now be there anybody here commit to to stop I from do that ? 72 . nobody say anything . not oswaldo mobray . not Joe gage . not not not not the Major . Chris and the Old General . JOHN RUTH really ? ( beat ) nobody gotta ' problem with this ? nobody say anything . John Ruth ( take domergue with he ) slowly cross the room ; JOHN RUTH well I guess that 's very fortunate for I . however , i hope you will all understand , I just can not take you word . circumstance force I to take precaution . when John Ruth stop walk , he 's stand at the foot of Joe gage 's cot , look down at the recline cowboy . look up at the bounty hunter , the cow puncher say ; joe gage when you say precaution , why do i feel you mean I ? JOHN RUTH because I be gonna ' take you gun , son . joe gage you be ? JOHN RUTH yes i be . nothing personal . joe gage just mine ? the hangman get himself a gun ? JOHN RUTH I will be deal with he gun after i deal with yours . 73. Joe gage raise from he recline position to a sit position , with he hand slowly drift to the butt of the pistol on he hip . joe gage feel kinda ' naked without it . John Ruth put he hand on the butt of he gun , and say ; JOHN RUTH I still get mine . do not be scar . I will protect you . Joe gage almost can not believe the degree of basterd that be John Ruth . still in he sit position , he place he hand on the butt of he gun . domergue , stand there next to John Ruth , think , oh shit . Joe gage look up at John Ruth say ; joe gage a bastred work be never do , huh John Ruth ? John Ruth look down at Joe gage say ; JOHN RUTH that 's right , Joe gage . gimmie the gun . Joe gage laugh a little to himself at John Ruth 's brazen masculinity , then open he mouth to say something cool .... when ... Major Warren swiftly come up behind he - throwing he arm across he neck - and a knife blade dug deep ( but not too deep ) into the side of joe gage' neck . Joe gage start to struggle . maj . warren calm down . Joe gage freeze . maj . warren ( con 't ) take you hand away from you pistol . he do . 74 . maj . warren ( con 't ) blink you eye if you calm . Joe gage blink . maj . Warren look up at John Ruth ; maj . warren do he blink ? JOHN RUTH he blink . maj . warren ( to Joe gage ) you sure you calm ? Joe gage blink . JOHN RUTH he blink . maj . warren take he gun . John Ruth reach down and remove Joe gage pistol from the holster on he hip . as he do he try to soften the blow . JOHN RUTH I be real sorry about this , son . like i say , nothing personal . just a precaution . maj. Warren say to Joe gage ; maj . warren blink if you still calm ? Joe gage blink . JOHN RUTH he blink . maj . warren blink if you gonna ' remain calm ? Joe gage blink . JOHN RUTH he blink . 75 . maj . warren ( to Joe gage ) okay , let 's give it a try . maj . Warren take the knife away , let go of Joe gage 's neck , and quickly back away . Joe do not over react once he 's freed . he touch he throat . touches the blood run down the side of he neck . he remove a bandanna from he pocket , and tie it around he neck where the knife wound be . as he do he glance over he shoulder at maj . Warren . joe gage ( to maj. Warren ) pretty sneaky . maj . warren fold up he knife as he look back at Joe . John Ruth approach oswaldo the hangman . JOHN RUTH I be afraid the same apply to you too mr.mobray . oswaldo hold open he suit jacket , expose he pistol in it 's holster on he belt , for John Ruth to extract . oswaldo precaution must be take because life be too sweet to lose . John Ruth remove the gun from the holster on mobray 's hip . then the bounty hunter place both pistol on a table . John Ruth ask domergue ; JOHN RUTH Hand I that little bucket . she hand he a little bucket . he take the two men' pistol apart piece by piece , and place the piece in the little bucket . John crumble the weapon in he hand like dirt clod . JOHN RUTH 0.b.? 16. os o.b. step up . JOHN RUTH ** go to the outhouse . dump this bucket down the shit hole . o.b . why do i gotta 's go out side ? JOHN RUTH you jacket 's already on . and i sorta kinda trust you . Ruth look at Joe gage and oswaldo mobray . JOHN RUTH when we get to Red rock I will replace the weapon you lose . that 's the best i can do . when he leave , you two nail the door behind he . o.b. take the little bucket , and yank the front door OPEN - the wind from outside whip trough the room - oswaldo hold the door close as Joe hammer nail into the door . John Ruth turn to bob. JOHN RUTH {to Bob ) okay , Mr. french , where 's you gun ? bob I do not have a gun . JOHN RUTH what 's that ? John Ruth point at a double barrel shotgun mount on the wall . bob oh well , there 's that . Bob take the shotgun off the wall and hand it to John Ruth . he crack open the weapon and remove two shotgun shell . place they on a nearby table . John , hold the shotgun by the barrel , walk to the stone fireplace , and smashes the wooden stock against the stone . he toss the useless gun to the floor , and look to he audience . 72 . JOHN RUTH so any more gun i do not know about ? now later i'm gonna 's remember ask this question , and i'm go to remember you answer . so , one more time , any gun I do not know about ? joe gage you get them all chief . we be you prisoner . JOHN RUTH oh do not be so melodramatic , Joe gage . I just stop ya ' from shootin " I in the back be all . ( beat ) I know at least one of you wanna 's kill I . ( meaning domergue ) count she , two of ya ' . but without gun .... kill I be not gonna be so easy . Bob the frenchman step up . JOHN RUTH you stepin ' up to take the challenge , mr.french ? bob I just want to make a announcement . JOHN RUTH what announcement ? bob stew on . JOHN RUTH well then , let eat . everybody except Gen. smither move to the kitchen area . Chris try to get the General to come over , but he refuse . prefer to sit in he chair by the fire by himself . Bob have laid out a number of bowl , and big brown wooden spoon . 7 % . one by one they go to the stew pot , take the ladle , pour some stew 7 in the bowl , sit down at the picnic table , and eat . John Ruth & domergue . Chris mannix . Major Marquis Warren . oswaldo mobray . Joe gage . o.b. and last up , Bob . everybody eat in silence . silence that be except for all the gobbling sound as they gobble up the stew . JOHN RUTH & domergue be have a little trouble eat with they hand cuffed to each other . John Ruth take the tiny handcuff key out of he pocket , and hold it up for he female prisoner to see . — '' JOHN RUTH I be gonna ' let you loose while we eat . do not get any idea , I be not goin ' soft on ya ' . you lift you ass even one inch off this seat , i'11 put a bullet right in you goddamn throat . he unlocks the handcuffs . for the second time in the movie , domergue 's free from Big John 's iron . with they stew bowl in front of they , they still sit next to each other , they just scoot away a bit . maj . Warren eat he stew , then look over at the old man by the fire . General sandford smither sit alone in he grey uniform , bath in crackle and cackle FIRE light . maj . Warren get up from the table , take he stew bowl and big wooden spoon with he . he walk over to the stew pot , pour some food into a empty bowl . pick up a big wooden spoon . walk over to where Gen. smither sit . and place the stew bowl and spoon next to he on a little table . Gen. smither look to the stew bowl , then up at the black fella ' in Calvary pants that stand over he . across the room Chris mannix yell at maj . Warren ; CHRIS Warren goddamit , you leave that old man alone ! maj . Warren yell across the room right back ; maj . warren stand down you son-of - a-bitch , I share a battle field with this man . that make Chris stand down . gen . smither remain silent look straight ahead , not acknowledge maj. Warren . maj . Warren look down at the old man in the cozy chair . maj . warren or would you deny I that too ? gen . smither do not look in maj . Warren 's direction ..... then say ; gen . smither I suppose you be there . maj . Warren point at the empty cozy chair across from the old general . maj . warren May i join you ? after a clock tick or two , without look up at he , the old man say ; gen . smither yes you may . holding he stew bowl and big wooden spoon , maj . Warren sit in the chair opposite Gen. smither . maj. Warren be come correct to the old southern general , at least as far as the old southern general be concerned . correct due to age , due to rank , and due to race . 8a . ~~ the two man sit in silence , as maj. warren eat a spoonful of stew . gen . smither what 's in the stew ? maj . warren I do not know . ( yell to Bob ) hey Bob ! what in the stew ? Bob answer . bob beaver , buck , and horse . the Old man snort . gen . smither there be not no buck in that bowl . the Old man pick up the spoon and the bowl next to he , and shove some in he mouth . then , with some brown stew stain he grey beard , smither say ; gen . smither a lotta’ horse . lotta ' possum be my guess . the two man sit in they chair by the fire , eat out of they bowl . Bob finish at the picnic table , and mosey over to the piano , and begin tinkering with it . the two former civil war officer continue to eat . maj . warren how life be since the war ? gen . smither get both of my leg . get both of my arm . can not complain maj . warren get a woman ? gen . smither fever take she beginning this winter . maj . warren I I never go in for a woman regular . gen . smither in my day no one ask you if you go in for it . you just do it . maj . warren what be she name ? gen . smither betsy . maj. warren Georgia girl ? gen.smither Atlanta . Atlanta girl and a augsta boy . ( pause ) I use to raise kentucky horse . her paw ' own the breedership I purchase most of my pony from . I make a good deal on she . use that steak i get from he . purchase a few peach orchard . set myself up pretty good . do a hellva '' lot better then my no good brother , that 's for damn sure . all in all .... can not compliant . betsy take fat after we boy . but i never minded that . she be a nice woman , i never minded anything she do . maj . warren yeah , you son come up here a coupla ' year ago . he speak highly of he mama too . a sharp sting go through Sandy smither body as he shift he focus on the black man . gen . smither you know my boy ? maj . warren do i know ‘em ? ( small chuckle ) yeah .... I know ‘em . the old man snort . gen . smither you do not know them . maj . Warren place he stew bowl aside , and say ; maj . warren Fine , suit yourself . 82. maj . Warren stand and the old man grab he wrist . gen . smither didja ' know my boy ? maj . Warren look down at the frantic old man , and say calmly ; maj . warren I know the day he die , do you ? the old man be hit in the heart . he croak out a ; gen . smither no . look down at the febel old man in the chair ; maj . warren wanna 's know what day that be ? the old man clutches the black man 's sleeve tighter . gen . smither yes . the black man lean down slightly closer to the old man , and say ; eo maj . warren the day he meet I . the white old man fall back in he chair . as Bob plunk out a tune on the piano , the black bounty hunter remove one of he pistol from he gun belt , and place it on the little table next to Sandy smither chair . the old man look down at it . then with one pistol leave in he gun belt , maj . Warren walk over to the bar in Philadelphia , lean against it sideways , and continue talk to the old man in Georgia . maj . warren he come up here to do a little nigger head huntin' . by then the reward be five thousand and brag rights . but back then to battle hard reb , five thousand just to cut off a nigger head , that be good money . so the johnny 's climb this mountain , lookin " for fortune . but there be no fortune to be find . all they find be me.t cf ( more ) 83 , maj . warren co ( con 't ) all they fella 's come up here , when they find themself 's at the mercy of a nigger gun , sing a different tune . " let 's just forget it . I go my way , you go yours " , that 's you boy Chester talkin' . the old man by the fire scream at he from across the room ; gen . smither you a damn lie ! maj . warren " if you just let I go home to my family , i will never set foot in Wyoming again " , that 's what they all say . some of they ole ' boy have some real sad storey to tell too . beggin ' for he life , you boy tell I he whole life story . and you be in that story , General . and when I know I I have the boy of the bloody nigger killer of baton rouge .... I know I I be gonna ' have some fun . the other people , most of which be still around the picnic table , know exactly what maj . Warren be do . he 's place a load pistol ( '' by the old man , and now be try to provoke Gen. smither to pick it up , and point it at the black man . at which point the black man can legally shoot he dead in self defense . Chris mannix be on he foot yelling at the black man and the old white man ; CHRIS ( to maj. Warren ) you shut you liein ' nigger lip up ! ( to Gen. smither ) Gen. smither , do not listen to ‘em , he do not know you boy ! he just hear tell why you here be all ! he 's just peckin ' at ya ' for a fight ! maj . warren ( to Gen. smither ) it be cold the day i kill you boy . and i do not mean snowy mountain in Wyoming cold .... colder then that . and on that cold day , with you boy at the business end of my gun barrel .... ... I make he strip . right down to he bare ass . then i tell he to start walki not . gt . os flash to ext - snowy vista in the mountain - day we see what maj . Warren describe . but we see the big wide 70 mm super cinemascope version . a magnificent white Wyoming winter vista , and inside of it , maj . Warren on he horse lash , point a rifle at a naked white man walk ahead of he in the snow . maj . warren' voice ( os ) I walk he naked ass for two hour .... then we see the nake White man collapse in the snow . maj . Warren hold up he horse , and watch the cold man . maj . warren' voice ( os ) ...' fore the cold collapse he . back to minnie' cu gen . smither gen . smither you never know my boy ! Chris join in ; CHRIS no he do not ! he 's just a sneaky nigger tryin ' to getcha to go for that gun ! this black devil 's a bounty hunter , that 's how bounty hunter do ! maj . Warren just continue with he story . his concentration unaffected by the other voice in the room . maj . warren ( con 't ) then he start in begging again . but this time he be not begging to go home . he know he would never see he home again . and he be not beggin ' for he life no more . that be long go and he know it . he be just beggin ' for a blanket . now do not judge you son too harshly . you be not never be as cold as you boy be that day . you would be surprised what a man that cold , would - do- for-a-blanket . 8s . maj . warren { con 't ) wanna ' know what you boy do ? the old man watch the storyteller , eye bulg out of he head . maj . warren ( pause ) I take my big black pecker outta’ my pants . and i make he crawl in the snow on all four over to it . then I grab a hand full of that black hair on the back of he head ..... the old man lean forward in he chair . maj . warren ( beat ) then I stick that big black Johnson right down he goddamn throat . and that Johnson be fulla ' blood . so it be warm . you bet you sweet ass it be warm . and Chester Charles smither suck on that warm black dingus as long as he could . flash on ext - snowy vista - day we see what maj . Warren describe in big wide 70 mm super cinemascope . a white winter wyoming vista , and inside of that vista , be a nake White man on he knee suck the dick of a heavily clothed Black man in the snow . back to minnie be cu gen.smither the old man be in knot . it be worse then he imagination ever dare . he know the truth when he hear it . this be how Chester end he life . cu maj . warren the black Major have the white General right where want he . he flash a alligator grin , and say ; maj . warren start to see picture , be not ya ' ? ( more ) %. maj . warren ( con 't ) you son . Black dude dingus in he mouth . him shiverin ' 's - he cryin ' - I laughin ' - he not understandin' . but you understand , doncha ' Sandy ? ( beat ) I never do give you boy that blanket . even after all he do , and he do everything I ask . no blanket . that blanket be just a heart breakin’ liar promise . sorta ' like when the union issue that color trooper uniform .... that you choose not to acknowledge . maj . Warren make he point . it 's a pretty good one . maj . warren so what be you gonna ' do old man ? you gonna 's spend the next two or three day ignore the nigger who kill you boy ? ignoring how I make he suffer ? ignoring the agony I inflicted ? ignoring how I make he lick all over my Johnson ? yep ' , the dumbest thing you boy ever do , be let I know he be you boy . the Old man leap to he feet grabbing the gun , bring the pistol barrel up towards maj . Warren at the bar . barely even turn towards he , maj . Warren calmly and smoothly pull he pistol from he holster , and put a bullet square in the Old man 's chest . maj . Warren 's pistol blows gen . smither off he feet and into the roaring fireplace . his old uniform catch FIRE , and he flip flop on the floor , let out a high pitched scream as the Old man burn . some of the people at minnie 's run to put out the fire . maj. Warren draw he gun stop they . maj . warren let ‘em burn . and burn he do . till he 's dead . 87. CHRIS we gotta 's put it out ' fore it burn this whole place down ! Major Marquis replace he pistol back in it 's holster . maj . warren go ahead . they put out the blaze body till it 's just a smolder corpse . once the fire be put out , maj . Warren , Chris mannix , John Ruth , and oswaldo mobray get into a extend and spirite discussion about the legality of what just transpire . Bob and Joe gage , lift the dead body of gen . smither , and carry he to a door in the floor . Bob open the door , and Bob and Joe carry the corpse down the stair into the cellar . domergue still sit at the picnic table , still unchain from John Ruth . while debate go back and forth among the man , Daisy domergue have other thing on she mind . Daisy domergue know a secret . a secret nobody else in the room know . nobody else except a killer . the debate , which be not go anywhere , break up due to lack of oxygen . and John Ruth make a bee-line for the coffy pot on the pot belly stove . domergue watch he go for the coffy pot . John Ruth pour himself a cup from the coffy pot . domergue smile to herself . o.b. walk up to John Ruth , the bounty hunter pour the stagecoach driver a cup of coffy . 0.b. take a big drink of coffy and head back towards the bar . domergue watch he cross the room to the bar , then she eye go back to John Ruth . John Ruth walk back over to the table that domergue be sit at . he still hasn't drunk any coffy . he reach the table ... when .....- the strong wind outside blows the front door OPEN - the wind whip through the room - John Ruth turn towards it - he place he undrunk coffy cup down on the table in front of domergue . her eye go to the cup , then back up to he . she bite she lip . & 3. oo John Ruth start to head off to deal with the door , hesitates , turn back around , pick up the coffy cup , and take a drink , then put it back on the table before run to the door . domergue unbite she lip , and smile to herself . John Ruth get to the windy door , 0.b. join he . but this time before they close the door , they look outside . ext - minnie' haberdashery - sunset it 's magnificently beautiful . windy , but beautiful . the sunset in the sky paint not only the sky in gorgeous color , it cast that color against the surround white snow . wind whipping around they , John Ruth and o.b. take in the sight . int - minnie' haberdashery - night they slam the door shut . 0.b. hold the door , as John Ruth hammer nail in the door . domergue sit by herself watch the two man by the door , unable to wipe a half smile off she face . from here on end , the sun start go down outside , and minnie 's become a lot darker and colder place . Little by little the different character start put on they winter coat inside . Bob , o.b. , and Chris start walk around the shack , lighting candle and lantern . as the follow scene progress , the lighting turn from day to night . John Ruth walk back over to domergue 's table . he pick up the coffy cup , drink some more , and sit down next to domergue . he hold out the coffy cup , offer she some ; JOHN RUTH want some ? domergue no thanks . it 's get late . coffy make I jumpy . JOHN RUTH you look a little jumpy . must be all this freedom . he grab she arm and lock himself back in the handcuff attach to she wrist . 27 . domergue awwww John , I think - JOHN RUTH - you think wrong , bitch . domergue if you just give I a chance _ JOHN RUTH - bitch , you have you chance . you whole goddamn worthless life be a chance . a chance you squander . now come time to pay for all you evil horseshit ... you belly ache . domergue you the one gonna 's get the belly ache , John . Ruth do not know what that mean , but he do not know what half the thing she say mean . he figure she 's call he fat . Chris see maj . Warren by himself in Philadelphia ( the bar ) , and approach he . CHRIS May a poor southern boy visit the Philadelphia bar , enjoy libation , and return home to Georgia unmolst ? maj . warren come to collect my head ? ai not no money in it , no more . but brag rights be still available . tequila or mezcal ? CHRIS tequila . maj . Warren pour he a drink of tequila in he coffy cup . then the Major slide the cup in front of the cap't . the can p't pick it up , swirl it around a little bit , then swallow it in one gulp . he almost gag ( not like a comedy , but like a real person ) . CHRIS ( about the tequila ) that will get ya’ where you goin ' . Chris take the bottle and pour maj . Warren a tequila . yo , they maj . Warren drink it . maj . warren so about you friend death , you seem to be on the reasonable side of thing ? CHRIS ( wave he hand dismissivly ) awww , he be old . ( beat ) the yankee death count at wellenbeck be thirty - three . before i be not sure if you do not know or just do not want to say in front of you new friend John Ruth . ( whisper ) I will not tell ‘em . domergue ( with / John Ruth ) watch 0.b. light candle , he seem fine . bob light a lantern . CHRIS & maj . warren at bar CHRIS you say earlier , that you get into the war to kill johnny reb and cracker , and a lotta ' other name that mean White folk . so i think , you get into the war to kill white folk . and the grey and the Blue of it all , be not really that important to you . I mean if you can kill the grey one , and it do not cost nothin' , well , why not ? but any Blue one get on you nerve , you can kill they too . just gotta ' be a little more sneeky about it , be all . you move up the rank like I , Major , the hard way . I know you kill Blue officer before do not nobody know " bout . this son -a-bitch do not know they ass from a hole in the ground . if you do not kill the bad officer , you would never get a good one . so you know go into wellenbeck , that this inbred , West Virginia hill people - not hillbilly , i be a hillbilly . Hill - people peckawood , finally get they hand on you black ass . ( 7 domergue sitting next to JOHN RUTH keep a eye on o.b. as he light candle . as well as John next to she . any moment now . 4 . CHRIS & maj . warren as Chris continue to make he point to maj . Warren , he get up and walk across the room , to the pot of coffy on the pot belly stove . CHRIS ( con 't ) Southern prisoner war camp be beatin’ starvin ' and whippin ' white yankee to death . what ' cha think they do toa black yankee , a black yankee like you ? he pour himself a cup of coffy . domergue suddenly see this , and the close thing to a break in the young lady 's resolve we have see so far , flash across she face . CHRIS with the coffy in he hand , walk back towards maj . Warren , as he continue ; CHRIS ( con 't ) oh , and the white yankee prisoner , you know , you side ...? they would be at you throat just as quick . he get back to the bar . CHRIS and i say to get out of wellenbeck military prison , you would burn a hundred white folk alive . and if a few blue happen to get catch in the blaze ... .. chalk it up to " War be hell " . he bring the coffy up to he lip . then ... lighting four candle 0.b. 's gut explodevomiting blood .... he scream in agony .... retching and cring in pain ... then vomit more blood .... collapse to the floor hold he gut . John Ruth not understanding what happen , look to he handcuff partner , who 's face show she do . domergue smile and bat she eye at he . domergue ( 7 when you get to hell , John ? tell ‘em Daisy send ya ' . 92. John Ruth get it . roaring he stand up , and take he big fist and punch daisy right square in the mouth . her head snap violently back , as she lip explode blood . when she head come back , she spit out her two front teeth , and laugh at he . Ruth quickly turn to Chris mannix with the cup of coffy in he hand ; JOHN RUTH mannix , the coffy ! everybody in the room hear this . mannix throw he coffy cup to the floor , undrunk . Ruth turn back to domergue 's laugh bloody face ..... and punch it again , knock she to the floor . Daisy continue to laugh , as he climb on top of she , grab a handful of she hair with one hand , and bring he other fist smashing in her face . then .... the poison hit John Ruth 's gut , he retch .... and puke blood all over daisy . Daisy just laugh ..... he bring another powerful fist down on she face .... his gut turn more .... he puke more blood .... the pain in he gut make he roll off of she on to the floor hold he side ... he look at she next to he ... domergue laugh . he weakly take out he pistol from the holster on he hip .... she grab at it .... chain together they struggle over the gun ... everybody watch the struggle on the floor . his gut retch again ... he double over ... leave domergue the pistol ... she hold it with both hand .... point the barrel point blank at the bounty hunter face .... she cock back the hammer .... 93 . of maj . Warren 's boot come into frame kicking the gun away as it fire . the bullet sail over John Ruth 's head . one of maj . Warren 's hand grab domergue by the hair , the other grab the gun and wrestle it away from she grip , then hit she in the head with it , knock she back . gun in hand , maj . Warren look to John Ruth on the floor . Ruth lie dead . then .... maj . warren turn the pistol on everybody else in the room maj . warren everybody get you back side up against that back wall ! joe gage look goddamit - maj . Warren fire he pistol . the bullet strike the top of a wooden chair , right besides Joe gage 's hand . the wood explode right next to Joe gage 's flesh , burn , sting , cut , and shocking he . gage jump back , hold he sting hand , look at maj . Warren . maj . warren get or do not get gage . it 's up to you . joe gage I will get . maj . warren then get . Joe gage get up against the wall with the other man in the room . Chris mannix , oswaldo mobray , Joe gage , and Bob stand in a line , back to the wall . domergue sit on the ground , wrist still handcuff to the wrist of the dead bad ass , John Ruth . maj . warren two gun in hand , one of he own , the other John Ruth 's , a third in the holster on he hip , keep they point at the four man . 9¢ . laa maj . Warren look down at o.b. Dead . he look to John Ruth and domergue on the floor . one dead , one stare back with hate . then he look to the four man he have line up against the wall . maj. warren ( to the room ) y'all keep you mouth shut and do what I tell ya ' . anybody open they mouth , gonna ' get a bullet . anybody move a little weird .... little sudden - gonna ' get a bullet . not a warning . not a question . a bullet . now y'all get that ? they acknowledge . use John Ruth 's line , the Major say ; maj . warren let I hear you say , " I get it " . f™ '' he make they say it . maj. warren ( con 't ) mannix ? Chris mannix eye go to he . maj . warren get over on this side . Chris move cautiously away from the wall , to the Major 's side of the room . maj . warren take that pistol out of this holster . indicating the pistol still in the leave side holster hang from the Major 's hip . Chris look at he with a expression that say ; " really " ? the Major nod affirmative . Chris cautiously remove the pistol from the black man 's belt . for ' , now Chris have a gun . he look to the ma‘jor , who still have two gun point at the other three man against the wall . maj . warren okay , point it at they . like I say , they do anything - and I mean " anything " - kill ‘em . Chris mannix do that . CHRIS ( to maj. Warren ) so you finally decide I be tellin' the truth ' bout bein ' the sheriff of Red rock , huh ? maj . warren ( to Chris ) I do not know ' bout all that . but you be not the killer who poison that coffy . you almost drunk it you own damn self . the major eye go back to the three man against the wall . maj . warren ( to they ) but one of y'all be . the Major hear something , and he turn towards domergue on the floor . she have dig the tiny handcuff key out of John Ruth 's pocket , and be just about to stick it in the lock and free herself from the corpse . maj . Warren point one of he pistol at she , and fire into the floor next to she . the SOUND in the enclose log cabin be ear drum explode loud . she freeze . maj . Warren have one arm outstretch hold a gun point at the three man against the wall . the other arm be hold a gun point at domergue on the floor . he take the gun point at domergue , and place it back in it 's holster . then he hold he hand out palm up to domergue . maj . warren gimmie the key . it break she heart , but she place the tiny handcuff key in the palm of he hand , he finger close around it . maj . Warren walk across the room to the pot belly stove . he open the door of the stove above the fire , and toss the tiny key inside . 96 . domergue , who 's modus operandi be outrageous behavior and the disarming affect do what he do . maj . Warren turn it have on opponent , can not believe Marquis just she scream at he ; domergue you motherfucking black basterd ! you gonna ' die on this mountain and I be gonna ' fuck laugh when you do ! from the stove and fire he pistol at domergue . the bullet explode in the dead body of John Ruth next to she , showering her with ruth's blood . it shock she enough to shut she up at least . Major Warren have on the floor , to Chris chime in ; maj . warren what I say ' bout talkin ' ? ' ment it , do not I ? all the attention in the room . he turn from she they against the wall . maj . warren now ... one of you .... be workin ' with she . or ... two of you be workin ' with she . or ... all y'all be workin ' with she . but only one of you poison the coffy . ( gesture towards domergue ) now what ever charm this bitch get make you brave a blizzard and kill in cold blood , I be sure i do not know . but .... John Ruth 's tryin ' to hang you woman , so you kill he ... okay - maybe ? but o.b. be not hangin ' nobody . he 's sure enough dead now though , be not he ? just like anyone of we who would drank that coffy . ( to the three ) that of you against the wall do not practice in poison should think about that . think about how that coulda 's be you rollin ' around on the floor . and about how one of the man next to ' ya ' be responsible . CHRIS and i know who I get my money on . ( to Joe gage ) yeah that 's right cow puncher , i be lookin ' at you . 97 . Bob , point at the Major think maj . warren ( to Chris ) not so fast Chris . we will get there . let 's slow it down . let 's slow it way down . ( to the three ) who make the coffy ? the dead bounty hunter on the floor , say ; bob he do . CHRIS yeah , he do do not he ? maj . warren yes he do . silently for a moment . they watch he think . then he say ; maj . warren ( con 't ) why be " the hangman " , who 's get nothing on he mind except gettin ' this girl to the gallow , brewin ' the coffy at minnie 's haberdashery ? the Little English man point at the bearded french man . oswaldo because he coffy be awful . maj . warren ( to Bob ) really ? well be not that interesting . bob ( to maj. Warren ) you do not have any of my coffy . so do not be so sure about what this little man say . joe gage I have he coffy . be not the best coffy I ever drank , but be not nothin ' wrong with it . 98 . bob co if you want I to make a pot of coffy , all you have to do be ask . maj . warren maybe...maybe ... but it 's the stew get I think . when do you say minnie leave ? a week ago ? bob oui. maj . warren see , when my mama make stew , it always taste the same , no matter the meat . and there . be another fellow on the planntaion , uncle charly , and he make stew too . and just like my mama 's , I eat he stew from the time i be a whipper to a full grow man . and no matter the meat , it always taste like uncle charly 's stew . now I be not have minnie 's stew in ' bout six month or so , so i be not no expert . but that damn sure be minnie 's stew . so ... if minnie 's on the north side visit she mama ... how would she make the stew this morning ? co maj. Warren move over to the cozy chair he sit in opposite General smither earlier . it 's cover in a blanket and a few animal skin . maj . warren this be sweet Dave 's chair . when i sit in it earlier , i could not believe it . nobody sit in sweet Dave 's chair . I mean this maybe minnie 's place , but this damn sure be sweet Dave 's chair . if sweet Dave do go to the north side , I be pretty goddamn sure that chair 's go with he . he remove the skin and blanket that cover the chair . the cloth pattern chair have a big blood stain on it . maj . Warren look to the room for a reaction . bob be you accuse I of something sinister ? 77 . maj . warren ( to Bob ) well Bob , it 's like this . who 's ever workin ' with she , ( meaning domergue ) be not who they say they be . if it 's you , that mean minnie and she man be not at she mama 's . they lien ' out back there dead somewhere . ( to oswaldo ) or if it 's you , the real oswaldo mobray be liein in a ditch somewhere . and you just a english fella ' passin ' off he papers . CHRIS ( to Joe gage ) or we go by my theory , which be the ugliest guy do it . which make it you , Joe . bob ( to maj. Warren ) so i take it you have deduce the coffy be poison while you be murdering the old man ? maj . warren yep . bob well during that whole incident , i be sit on that side of the room , pluck on the piano . the piano could not be further from the pot belly stove and coffy pot . maj . warren ( to Bob ) I do not say you poison the coffy . I say you do not make the stew . ( to all ) my theory be ..... you work with the man who poison the coffy . and both of you murder minnie , and sweet Dave , and anybody else might a pick the wrong day to visit the haberdashery this morning . and you intention be , at some point , ambush John Ruth and free Daisy . but you do not expect the blizzard , and you do not expect the two of we . ( use the barrel of he pistol to indicate both he and Chris ) that 's as far as I get . how be i doin ' ? loo . bob that 's a pretty imaginative theory , mister Black . you gonna ' murder three man on a far fetch nigger theory , or be you gonna ' prove it ? maj . Warren do not answer he , he just move away from the three to Chris , and hand he he other pistol . Chris take the other pistol and point both smoke wagon at the trio . maj . warren ( to Chris ) watch ‘em . watch them good . CHRIS do not you worry ' bout I , i will not hesitate a inch . maj . Warren move away from Chris and the trio , over to where domergue chain to the dead John Ruth lie . he grab a chair , move it over by the woman , sit down . maj . warren ( to domergue ) he 's right . I and Chris can not just shoot they fella 's cause we be tired of try to figure it out . ( beat ) but not you domergue . you .... on the other hand ... be want dead or alive . that mean , with the entire american justice system on my side , I can do to you , pretty much , any goddamn thing I wanna 's . now when it come to you , ole John Ruth might not of be too friendly . but of the two of we , he be the only one who be commit to see you reach Red rock alive . domergue say from the floor ; domergue nigger , if you wanna ' shoot I , you can shoot I - be not nobody can stop ya ' . but that monkey skull of yours get this figure wrong . ( meaning the three ) I do not know they fella' . lea , maj . warren so you think you can brazen it out to the bitter end , huh bitch ? we will see how long that last . Major Marquis stand up from the chair . he walk over to a table , as he do he tell mannix ; maj . warren both barrel on that three , mannix . Chris hold both pistol ready at the trio . Bob , oswaldo , and Joe gage , back against the wall , watch . maj . Marquis , stand by a table , open the ammo cylinder of he pistol , and empty out all the cartridge on the table top . the ammo cylinder of he pistol be empty . domergue watch he . Bob , oswaldo , and Joe gage watch he . Chris could care less what maj . Warren be do , he never take he undivide attention from the three man . Major Marquis take one of the bullet , put it in the ammo cylinder , spin it , then snap it shut . then he walk over to domergue . stand over she , gun point at she .... he ask ; maj . warren which of they be you work with ? domergue I tell you nigger - maj. Warren fire ... click ( empty ) . the three man jump a little . domergue 's heart almost stop . domergue Jesus Christ ! maj . warren oh , you believe in Jesus now ? well good news bitch , you ' bout to meet ‘em . lo2 . maj . Marquis walk back to the table ... open the cylinder of the von pistol ... pick up another bullet .... place it inside the cylinder .... as he walk back towards she , he spin the cylinder , then snap it shut . two bullet at play . he bring up the pistol , domergue instinctively put she hand up to sheld herself from the bullet , and plead with she executioner ; maj . warren which of then three you workin ' with ? domergueb now look , just wait a goddamn minute ! I get it . you smart . you real smart ! and you storey good . it make sense . it make a lotta ' sense . ( beat ) but this time ... you get it wrong . Three thing .... ( she count out on she finger ) I do not know this fella 's - be not never see them before in my life , that 's one . two . I do not poison that goddamn coffy ! ( = I could not lift my ass a inch off that bench ' fore John Ruth crack my head open , how be i suppose to poison coffy ? and three , i do not know who do . maj. Marquis fire the pistol .... bang ( bingo ) the bullet explode in her leg ..... she howl like a wolf ! her hand go to she bloody leg , as she roll around on the floor in pain . the three man jump . Chris do not even flinch . he just sit ready to shoot dead the first of this three fella 's to get froggy . while domergue feel the pain of a bullet , maj . Marquis go back to the table , open the ammo cylinder of the pistol , and add two more bullet to the game , spin and snap . Three bullet in play . 193. cu domergue desperate . cu of the three we track along the three men' face as they watch this . CHRIS do not look back . he just tell the three ; CHRIS easy boy . Major Marquis walk over to domergue . she look up at he stand over she . maj . margquis reach down and grab domergue by the back of the hair , and yank she head back , then place the pistol barrel against she forehead , click back the hammer with he thumb , and ask she ; maj . warren last chance bitch , who poison that fuckin ' coffy ? then ... before Major Marquis can go any further , a voice yell out ; voice ( os ) hold it ! still hold domergue , Major Marquis turn to see who 's talk . the three Joe gage have he hand raise . joe gage I put the poison in the coffy . Chris smile . CHRIS I fuckin ' know it ! maj . Marquis let go of domergue 's hair , she sink back to the floor . his thumb replace the hammer back into safety position on the pistol . and he and all the room attention turn towards Joe gage . the three the other two start move away from he , leave Joe gage in the frame by himself . fade to black chapter four the fovr fassenge 's Joy , ext - minnie' haberdashery - morning it 's the same day at minnie 's , except early morning . it 's cold as hell , but the storm have not hit yet , so the sun 's out and it 's amazing look in 70 mm superscope . a subtitle read : '' earlier that morning at minnie 's '' a six horse team lead stagecoach come roaring up to minnie 's place . the same stagecoach 0.b. notice earlier , pull off to the side . up on the driver 's seat perch sit two driver ed ( a big older shitkicker type ) and six - horse judy ( a young female calamity Jane type , dress in buckskin ) . Judy 's on rein , she pull the horse to a stop in front of minnie 's . a chubby half black , half indian boy wear a winter coat come run out of minnie 's . his name be charly , he work there . the two driver up on they perch , look down at young charly . ed hey charly my boy , how the hell be you ? charly hi ya ' Ed , hi ya’ Judy . how many ya ' get ? ed full house today , friend . charly we get one in there wait . ed well he 's gonna 's hafta keep on waitin ' cause we be not get no room . charly well you need to tell minnie . Cause he 's be here two day , and minnie want he outta’ here . ed well i can not give he a seat i do not have - ( interrupt himself , turn to Judy ) take the passenger inside , introduce they to minnie . warm yourself up . drink some coffy . os . Judy jump off she perch onto the ground . she look into the stagecoach door window . Judy be from New Zealand speak with a Kiwi accent . judy here we be everybody , minnie 's haberdashery . step outside reverend , you and you friend can stretch you leg . when you ready , step on inside , get warm by the fire , get some coffy in you . I will introduce you to minnie . Judy bounce into minnie 's . we have not see the four passenger yet . insert the door handle of the stagecoach door , turn . the door open , the camera pan down to the Foot step right below the stagecoach door . a Boot step on it . then another , and another , and another . all step on to foot fall and out of frame . int - minnie' haberdashery - morning it 's early morning at minnie 's haberdashery , the business part of the building just open for business . minnie herself be in the kitchen area . on this mountain the black woman name minnie mink be a beloved figure . everybody on this mountain know she , and know she haberdashery . sitting in he chair that maj . Warren talk about be sweet dave . he 's minnie 's something . no one know for sure what they be to each other . rumor have it minnie use to be sweet dave slave . and after minnie get she freedom , sweet Dave do not want to live without she . and if she would stay with he , he would buy she a place of she own , she could run anyway she want . but that 's only a rumor . sweet Dave sit in one of the two cozy chair by the fire , play chess with general smither sit in the chair we first find he in . a pretty young black gal with a incredibly sweet smile be in the kitchen area pluck a chicken , she name be gemma . Judy sit on a table horsing around with minnie ; judy what would ya ' mean no coffy ? minnie van I have not have a chance to make it yet , Judy . I just finish prepare the stew . log . judy ( '' now minnie , i'm not try to tell you how to run you business . but i would think , coffy , would be the first thing you would make . the four passengers walk in . we only see they boot enter minnie 's . judy see the passenger , hop off the table to she foot . judy come on in everybody , do not be shy . minnie take one look at the four passenger and say one word ; minnie hat ! the four passengers we see the four male passenger . after minnie yell at they , they all four snatch off they cowboy hat . the four Men be lead by a country preacher dress all in black except for a white clergy collar , and he three cowboy disciple . the three cowboy 's with the preacher be we old friend oswaldo mobray , joe gage , and bob . : nether oswaldo and Bob be dress in the clothes we meet they in . of they dress more like bad ass cowboy , with a bit of a mexican flavor to they outfit . even the preacher . judy everybody , this be minnie , and this be she place . behind she pluckin ' that chicken be gemma . gemma smile at the four passenger . the four passenger walk further in towards minnie . judy Nice smile , that gemma . now the fella ' in the uniform i do not know ( meaning General smither ) but the one he 's play chess with be sweet Dave . ( to sweet Dave ) hi ya ' Dave ! sweet Dave wave from he chair . sweet dave ( hey Judy . 107 , judy and minnie , this be the passenger . minnie well that 's not good enough . take away they rag , let 's see some face , let 's hear some name . the four passenger lower the scarf that sit around they face , smile at the friendly black woman . oswaldo poncho . joe gage Fernando . bob Ramon . the preacherman and I be brother mateo , and thank you sister minnie for this warm sanctuary in such a cold hell . minnie well , preacher , Fernando , and Ramon , and poncho - funny y'all do not look mexican ? the preacherman we be not mexican . but we sure do like Mexico alot . minnie well make you self comfortable . get warm by the fire . the preacherman we be just gonna 's go warm ourself 's by the stove , if that 's all right ? minnie please please please .... get warm . the preacherman oh , and Judy say something about the best coffy in the world ....? minnie well i do not know ' bout all that . but I will tell ya ' what it be . it 's hot and it 's strong , and it 's good . and in this snow it sure ' nuff warm you ass up . ww j08 . judy lant you do not need to sell it , minnie , you need to make it . minnie and you need to get you ass out there and help charly with they bag . and get Ed in here . judy yes , mam . but fix the coffy . Judy bounce out . minnie ( to Judy ) I will fix you ! the four passenger warm they hand by the pot belly stove , and trade look with one another . ext - minnie' haberdashery - morning the two stagecoach driver talk . ( '' '' judy I do not know . some old man . ed well i do not know what i'm suppose to do about it ? judy I be just tellin ' you what she say . anyway she send I out here to help charly . she want to talk to you . int - minnie' haberdashery - morning the four passengers - slow motion check out the way station , as they warm they hand by the pot belly stove . bob - slow motion check out minnie and ed. minnie and ed - slow motion the black woman argue with the old white cowboy dude . as she do , she roll her own smoke from a bag of Red Apple tobacco . 109 . ( an the preacherman - slow motion watch the two old man play chess . sweet dave and gen . smither - slow motion play chess . oswaldo - slow motion watch the young girl gemma pluck the chicken . gemma —- slow motion she pluck the chicken . joe gage - slow motion watch Judy and charly unload the baggage on the stagecoach , through the window . judy and charly - slow motion through the window unload the bag from the stagecoach . the four passenger be defiantly stake the place out . the slow motion kick into twenty four frame a second , and we can hear the argument between minnie and ed. minnie ( meaning Gen. smither ) this Georgia cracker have be here three day , and i'm sick of it . I wanna ‘em go to Red rock . he wanna 's go to Red rock . why can not you take ‘em ? Ed point out the four passenger by the stove . ed look over there minnie . you see ‘em ? four passenger . two driver . ai not no seat . minnie Three day of ole ' white man storey . you hear what i be sayin ' ? Three goddamn day of old , white , cracker , peckawood , horseshit . I tell ya ' Ed , I stand what i could stand , but i can not stand no mo ' . ed I can not take ‘em with I . do he have money ? minnie I be not doin ' this motherfucker a favor +.-. ehe 's payin’ . 110 . ed tr '' then he can hire Judy . we get to Red rock . she hire a wagon , come back , pick up the old man , take he to Red rock . she think about it .... then dismiss it . minnie naw naw naw , that 's just way too long . minnie head for a door in the floor that lead to a cellar , as she open it , she tell Ed ; minnie ( con 't ) you need to take this motherfucker with you today . she disappear into the door in the floor , in a cellar underneath the haberdashery . the four passenger trade look . that 's a very interesting room . they also trade look that say , let get this party start . the four passenger one at a time take they position . £ " ™\ — oswaldo start it off , by move away from he position by the pot belly stove , over to deeper in the kitchen area , where gemma be pluck she chicken . he indicate to she he 's go to ask she a question . she perk up to listen . he ask with he most charming English accent ; oswaldo be you the jelly bean salesman around here ? he point at a large glass jar fill with multi color jelly bean high on the top shelf of a cabinet . gemma giggle and smile , nodd she head , yes . oswaldo I will take two bag . one for I , and one for ... you . wr my . the way he talk bob gemma really ? you wanna ' buy I ' jelly bean ? oswaldo if i may be so bold . make she giggle . move from the potbelly stove over to where minnie be make the coffy . she 's smoking one of she hand roll cigarettes . bob miss minnie ? she turn towards he . as she roll he Bob think about bob would you roll I a cigarette ? minnie sure thing , honey . where you from ? bob France . a cigarette she say ; minnie France ? how excitin ' . you be a lotta’ place ? bob yes i have . minnie what 's the furest ' place you be ? bob furest ' from here ? minnie yeah , from here . it . bob China . minnie ( excited ) China ! that 's where chiname come from , be not it ? [ i2 . bob -~ oui. minnie oui ..... what do that mean ? bob it mean yes . minnie yes - oui. ( to sweet Dave ) hey Dave , ask I if my ass be fat . sweet dave what ? minnie ask I if my ass be fat ? sweet dave it be . minnie I say ask I ! _ sweet dave why ? minnie just do it ! sweet dave be you ass fat ? minnie oui! ( to Bob ) look at that , i can speak french . she giggle at herself , minnie have a great giggle . she hand Bob the cigarette she roll for he . Bob light it on a near by candle , take a drag , and thanks she ; bob merci , mamimoselle minnie . minnie giggle at be flirt to in french . the preacherman move away from Joe gage and the pot belly stove , over to where the two old man be play chess . 13 . he stand there watch they game . fm = they notice he . the preacherman smile at they and indicate for they to continue with they game . the preacherman continue brother , I hope I be not disturbing ? sweet dave Hell no . I like whippin ' this old man ass in front of a audience . gen . smither you be not whippin ' shit . Judy come in carry some of they luggage . plopp it on the floor . judy I bring in you luggage in case anybody want to change you clothes before Red rock . handsome Joe gage warm he hand on the pot belly stove , hold a bag of candy . he offer the female stagecoach driver a peppermint sick . she except it . joe gage why do they call you six horse Judy ? judy Cause I be the only Judy you have ever meet who could drive a six horse team .... Fernando . joe gage do i look like a Fernando to you ? judy well now you mention it , no you do not . joe gage ( whisper ) that 's because my real name Jerry . judy ( whisper ) you do not look like a Jerry , ether . joe gage you very cute . and you stagecoach drive skill be very impressive . but i can not understand a fuck thing on you say ? ty . lan Judy giggle at the handsome bad boy . oswaldo mobray watch gemma move a ladder in place to climb up and bring down the large jar of jelly bean . charly bring in the rest of the luggage . Ed move over to where Gen. smither be . ed hello General sir ? gen . smither hello son , General smither . sanford smither . ed General smither . name ed. gen . smither hello ed. ed hello . I hear you wanna ' go to Red rock ? gen . smither yes I do . I have business with the undertaker in Red rock . ed what do that mean ? gen . smither it 's business pertain to my son . ed my regret . gen . smither no regret . only fond remembrance . ed anywho .... as you can see , i be not get a seat . the preacherman stand there join in the conversation . the preacherman he can have my seat . ed really ? hb. the preacherman van really , brother ed. ed so what reverend , you gonna ' sit here all night and the next day waitin ' for the other stage , and maybe it be not full up ? the preacherman ( yell to Judy ) hey sister Judy , when you get to Red rock , can you get a rig and come back and get I ? I will pay you a hundred and fifty for the trouble . judy ( that 's a good deal ) you bet ! ed ( to the preacherman ) I can not refund ya ' you ticket . the preacherman a it 's only money . Ed have never hear that expression before . oswaldo watch gemma hold the large jar of jelly bean begin to climb down the ladder . Ed wrap up he business with the General . ed well , all 's well that end well , i guess . put he hand on the old Generals shoulder . ed Sir - gen . smither - Gen. smither . ed gen . smither . we will be leave after lunch , a little more then a hour from now . gen . smither ay that will be just fine , son . ( 1c. minnie call out ; minnie coffy 's ready ! ed it 's about damn time . Ed hurry to where minnie and she coffy pot be . Joe gage and Judy stand around the pot belly stove flirt , suck on they peppermint stick . Bob move towards Ed and the coffy pot . Ed see Bob ; ed ( to Bob ) best coffy on the mountain . minnie smile and wave away the compliment . minnie ( to Bob ) stagecoach driver like it . passenger , not so much . most find it a mite too of ' strong . she pour Ed a cup of coffy . the preacherman watch the old man play chess , move he hand by he gun butt . minnie pour Bob a cup of she coffy . oswaldo watch the pretty black gal struggle with the large jar of jelly bean , place he hand on he gun butt . Bob take a drink of minnie 's famous coffy . Joe gage quietly remove the pistol from the holster on the side of he hip . the cutie pie in the buckskin do not see this . Ed all smile and minnie all eye ask Bob ; minnie well , what would ya ' think ? Bob answer by take out he pistol and shoot the surprised minnie and Ed many time ( he shoot style be to fan the hammer quick ) . both minnie and Ed hit the floor dead . minnie 's last pot [ ~ of coffy still clutch in she hand , as she crash to the floor . Judy 's head turn in the direction of the carnage . Joe gage raise he gun and fire into Judy 's shoulder , blow she across the room , and slamm she into a wood post . oswaldo remove he pistol from it 's holster and fire . shoot gemma through the glass jar of jelly bean . she tumble from the ladder to the floor . the preacherman bring up he pistol and fan the hammer shoot sweet Dave in he chair three time . Judy shot in the shoulder , against the wood post . she look across to Joe gage with a complete lack of understanding , but a big question on she face . he do not answer she question look , he just shoot she a second time , this time more effectively . the bullet hit she square in the chest , wiping away she question expression , and spin she hard to the floor . charly run for the door . Bob take a pot shot at he , miss the boy , but hit the lock on the front door . ext - minnie' haberdashery - morning charly run out , try to escape . Bob step outside , and fire at charly run away . the bullet hit charly in the back , he plop down awkwardly in the snow . int - minnie' haberdashery - morning the preacherman bring he pistol barrel against the temple of gen . smither , cock back the hammer , and be just ready to go bang , when suddenly oswaldo appear in front of they . oswaldo hold it ! the preacherman look at he . oswaldo he 's a nice touch . the preacherman him ? a oswaldo him . he 's authentic . the preacherman we can not trust this old fart . oswaldo sure we can , jody . you just have to convince he to trust we . it seem the preacherman 's name be jody . oswaldo without she or he ( meaning minnie and sweet Dave ) this place be go to seem real empty . he add something . not much . but something . he make the whole set up more convincing . jody okay , I '1l talk to the o1d man . you and grouch ( nickname for Joe gage ) start get rid of the body . now do not try and bury nobody . just stack them on top of each other , and shovel some snow on top of ‘em . he go over to the dead sweet Dave , grab he by he sweater , and yank he out of the chair on to the floor . jody start with he . as Joe and oswaldo move to get sweet dave body , jody instruct ; jody now stack them somewhere out back there . just not by the two place where people go . the outhouse and the wood pile . francy ..... ( meaning Bob ) start unhitch that horse and get " they in the barn , and get ‘em feed . when Ruth and Daisy get here , you gonna ' hafta ' do it for they . after i get through with this ole ' hickory tree ( meaning gen.smither ) i ' 11 come help ya ' . oswaldo and Joe gage carry out the dead body . Bob go outside to work on the horse . jody turn he attention to the old southern General . oo jody okay General sir , what do they call you ? gen . smither Gen. sanford smither . jody no , that 's what nigger and johnny reb call ya ' . what do you wife call ya ' ? gen . smither Sandy . jody well Sandy , if you be a cat , what just happen here would count as one of you nine life . you realize how close you come to be toss on a pile of nigger ? gen . smither yes . jody and when it come to that pile of nigger we building out back , will not ( a take nothin ' to make you General of it . you believe that ? gen . smither I expect no less . jody well not so fast Sandy . you might have way out yet . jody turn from the old man , and begin look through some of the trading post goods . look for and find a blanket . as he talk , he cover the blood stain on sweet dave chair with the blanket . jody later today , a dirty son of a gun gonna come in here . he 's gonna 's have my sister with he . he 's gonna ' have she in chain . he 's take she into Red rock to be hang . he find a few other skin and pelt , and toss they across the chair as well . jody ro you know why ? ten thousand dollar , that 's why . jody sit in sweet dave chair , and continue explain he plan of action to the old officer . jody ( sit ) when he come here i'm gonna 's kill that fella ' , and i be gonna ' let my sister loose . now do you have any reason you would want to interfere with I save my sister from a hangman 's rope ? gen . smither no . jody you do not ? gen . smither no i do not . jody be you sure you do not ? I mean we do just kill minnie and sweet Dave . you and sweet Dave seem pretty chummy there . gen . smither I just meet that people . I be here about my son . I do not give a damn about they , or you , or you sister , or any son of a bitch in Wyoming for that matter . jody good answer Sandy . ( beat ) so when they get here , you just sit you ass in this chair . and you do not do nothin ' , you do not say nothin' . hello , thank you , good night - that 's about it . - maybe you name - but that 's it . gen . smither hello , thank you , good night , maybe my name . jody you start to convince I , Sandy . be a old man . be dotty . go to sleep . and do not say nothin ' , and i mean nothin' , to that bounty hunter get my sister . you understand ? gen . smither yes. ro jody once it 's safe , i kill he , free my sister , and leave you be . ( hold out hand ) deal ? the Old man shake he hand . gen . smither deal . jody the outlaw leader take he hand away from the old man , and look across at the general suspiciously . jody now you be not playin ' foxy grandpaw with I now , be you ? gen . smither no . jody I do not have a trust nature , old man . ( beat ) but we will give it a try . he pat the old man' knee , and stand up . ext - minnie' haberdashery —- morning Joe gage come push a wheel barrel with a dead minnie in it . follow by oswaldo and jody carry the dead body of gemma . Bob be in the b.g. unhitch the horse from the stagecoach . Joe push the wheel barre ] behind the haberdashery ... finally find a spot out back where lie the dead body of sweet Dave . Joe dump minnie out next to he . minnie' dead body be dumped on the snowy ground next to the dead sweet Dave . we hold for a beat or two on she dead body , when the dead gemma be throw on top of she . bob unhitch horse from the stagecoach . oswaldo and joe carry the dead Judy to the pile . bob lead a horse into the stable . oswaldo and joe toss Judy on the pile of body . dead judy lie on the ground . joe shovel snow . bob feed one of the horse . oswaldo shovel snow . dead judy get snow shove on she . joe shoveling snow . dead ed get snow shovele on he . oswaldo shoveling snow . dead minnie coverd in snow . the two man next to the pile of six body cover in snow . int - minnie' haberdashery - morning while Bob poke around in the kitchen , make himself familiar , make coffy , jody open the door in the floor that lead to the cellar . with a lantern in hand he go down to investigate . int - cellar ( minnie be ) - underground jody make he way down in the dark cold cellar . he hold out he lantern to look around . it 's short , he have to stoop , but it run underground the length of the bar area . goods like coffy , lamp oil , and corn meal be store here . jody blow out the lantern to see how dark it be . the light from the room above shine through the floorboard . joe and oswaldo come walk in from outside . and jody can make out there figure clearly from the room underneath they . jody smile to himself . oswaldo ( 0s ) jody ! jody down here . oswaldo ( 0s ) where 's down here ? q jody beneath you foot . jody see they see the trap door , and walk over to it . jody can you believe this room , it 's perfect . oswaldo we get trouble . ext - snowy mountain top - morning oswaldo , Joe gage , Bob , and jody take a hike to a mountain top clear , and look down off the cliff to see what 's come at they . what they see look like bad weather . jody what 's that ? oswaldo have live in Switzerland , i can tell you exactly what that be . it 's a blizzard . jody a blizzard ? oswaldo yes . we all get we problem . in England we get a lot of rain . in Mexico it 's very hot . in Wyoming , you get blizzard . jody be it gonna ' hit we for sure ? oswaldo fn oh yes . jody when ? oswaldo some time tonight . bob if there 's a fuck blizzard come we can not stay in that shack ! jody ' corse that place can stand a blizzard . it probably see " bout twelve blizzard a year . if we have not kill minnie and she nigger menagerie , what would they do ? they would hole up , that 's what they would do . oswaldo I be afraid i have to agree with my mon 's amiee , here . we should move on to Red rock while we get the chance . jody [ ~ ~ when it come to the safest way of disconnect Daisy from that rattlesnake , = this be the safest way for Daisy . anyone who do not wanna ' brave a blizzard for my sister , raise you hand ? well now you put it that way . int - minnie' haberdashery - day oswaldo bang the front door open . oswaldo there come up the hill ! jody okay everybody , this be it , get ready ! stash a coupla 's gun in case you need they . Joe gage toss a table on top of another table face down . oswaldo do the same thing . both man hammer a nail into the underside of the table . lan bob rip out the page of a hard bound book , " the Three musketeer " . Joe take the hammer and hit the pound in nail on the side , turn it into a hook . oswaldo do the same thing . Bob place a pistol in the the cover of the hard bound Dumas book on the bookshelf . Joe turn the table back on it 's leg . then take one of he pistol , and hang it underneath the table from the nail . oswaldo do the same thing . jody grab a blanket and a bear skin , and head for the cellar door . jody ( to he man ) remember , the name of the game be patience . John Ruth , trap here for one or two day , at some point , will close he eye . if he feel he can close he eye . you hafta make he feel he can . and when he do , that 's when you blow the top of he head off . if a moment arise where he drop he guard ... take it ... but be right . the stagecoach drive up outside . jody disappear in the cellar , close the door in the floor behind he . oswaldo pour himself some of Bob 's freshly make coffy . Joe slap Bob on the back as he head outside to deal with Daisy and John Ruth . oswaldo drink the coffy . oswaldo ( yuuck ) good lord . and it start . chatter five of T a glack nidht , White hecl int - minnie' haberdashery - night the three men , oswaldo , bob , and joe gage . maj . warren ( os ) last chance bitch , who poison that coffy ? Joe say ; joe hold it . ( raise he hand ) I put the poison in the coffy . Chris smile ; CHRIS I fuckin ' know it ! maj . Marquis let 's go of domergue 's hair , she sink back to the floor . his thumb replace the hammer back into safety position on the pistol . and he and all the room attention turn towards Joe gage . the three the other start move away from he , leave Joe gage in the frame by himself . maj . Warren point he pistol at Joe gage . domergue watch from the floor . maj . Warren point at the frenchman , Bob . maj . warren what about he ? joe gage what about ‘em ? maj . warren be he workin ' with you ? joe gage nope . maj . warren you lien . joe gage " Bout what part ? I say i poison the coffy , you believe that . I say he do not , you do not believe that ? maj. Warren look maj . Warren take at Joe gage . maj . warren Chris ? CHRIS yeah ? one more long look at Joe gage , then tell Chris ; maj . warren ( meaning Joe ) shoot them dead . CHRIS yes sir . - Chris aim he pistol at Joe gage . Joe back up , put up he hand as sheld . this be real , it 's not a game . domergue scream oswaldo try to joe gage now hold on a minute ... hold it ... hold it +++.. do not shoot ! from the floor ; domergue do not shoot Warren ! do not you do it ! if that man die , you all die ! interrupt the violent dynamic . oswaldo wait stop ! do you hear what she say ? ( to domergue ) what do you mean ? bob everybody shut up and let she talk ! domergue on the floor , point at the dead body next to she of John Ruth . domergue this stupid son-of - a-bitch , John Ruth , put all you life in danger . you all about to be slaughter on this mountain in some nigger name minnie 's house , and you do not even know why . oswaldo what do you mean slaughter ? bob what be you talk about ? domergue I be work with Joe . but not because he 's get butterfly in he belly ' bout I . ( beat ) but because he 's part of the jody domergue ( pronounce , doe -ming - grey ) gang . this quiet everybody . pause . maj . warren last i hear tell about the domergue gang , they be deep in Mexico , around Chihuahua ? joe gage you hear right , that 's where we roam . maj . warren what bring they out here ? joe gage ( point at domergue ) her . maj . warren ( to domergue ) who be you ? domergue I be jody 's sister . CHRIS then how come y'all have different name ? domergue we do not , idiot ! CHRIS who the hell be jody domergue ? joe gage you wanna 's tell ‘em bounty man ? maj . warren he 's a big bad cat . he 's worth fifty thousand dollar . and every one of he gang be worth ten . which finally explain why you worth ten . domergue ( to maj. Warren ) and what 's gonna ' happen when that sun come out nigger , so be my brother . with fifteen of he man - comin ' straight here , for I ! cuT to int - cellar - underground jody smile as he listen to he sister talk shit , in the room below the action . back up top domergue and the only thing that 's gonna ' stop he from slaughtering every last one of you , be make a deal with I and he right now . she point at Joe . oswaldo chime in ; oswaldo I for one would be very curious to hear what this man have to say . maj . Warren think about what 's be say . maj . warren I guess i would too . maj . Warren turn to the stand Joe . maj . warren okay , Joe gage talk . Joe gage let 's out a nervous laugh ; joe gage phew .... that be a close one . anybody mind if i pour myself a drink ? calm down my nerve a bit ? maj . warren go ahead . CHRIS get some coffy over here for ya ' . joe gage ( laugh ) coffy . that 's a good one . he walk over to the bar , and grab the bottle of tequila and a clay cup . he then head over to one of the table we see he plant the pistol at in the last chapter . underneath table we see he pistol hang by the nail hook , as we see he leg sit in the chair at the table . he do not go for the weapon right away . joe gage take the bottle of tequila and pour himself a drink , as all eye watch he . he take a gulp , make a face like he 's cumming in he pants , and put down the clay cup . then bring he eye up to face the other man . joe gage ( just go into it ) the plan be for jody and the boy to wait for Daisy 's stagecoach on the outskirt of Red rock . my job be to meet the stage here , talk my way on to it , fail that , follow close behind when they leave . ( beat ) but the blizzard fuck it up for everybody . cuT to int - cellar - underground jody smile at this . jody ( to himself ) good story joe. int - minnie' haberdashery - night joe gage ( con 't ) plan B be , while i'm here , if i see a opportunity to spring Daisy ... take it . when you execute that old Georgia fart , that be the opportunity i be wait for . ( beat ) in refection , i might of be a tad overzellous . oswaldo be the plan to kill we all ? Chris look at oswaldo incredgiously . CHRIS ( to oswaldo ) and of course he would tell ya 's if it be , on account of he 's so honest . joe gage I have to kill John Ruth . maj. warren " '' what about minnie and sweet Dave ? bob there at minnie 's mother , goddamit , how many time do i hafta fuck tell you ? joe gage it be John Ruth and that 's all . without John Ruth in the picture , Daisy be gonna ' be a lot safer , and you all be gonna 's be a lot more reasonable . as maj . Warren and Chris get suck into what Joe gage say , and what they say in response , Bob retrieve he pistol from the book on the bookshelf . nobody see he . oswaldo sit at the table he plant the gun at . underneath the table oswaldo take the pistol off the nail hook , and slip it under he winter coat . oswaldo stand up from the table , now well heele . ro during the follow exchange between mostly Joe gage , maj . Warren , and Chris , oswaldo and Bob start visibly duplicate " the jody domergue gang " plan of attack we witness earlier with minnie and she friend . infiltrate and assassinate . the two european take they execution position directly behind they intend target . in this case , oswaldo behind maj . Warren , and Bob behind Chris , as Chris and maj . Warren face Joe gage at the table . domergue watch the member of she gang take they kill position . maj . warren I will tell ya ' why John Ruth have to go . jordon domergue can come down here , ten man - fifteen - fifty no matter . he 's still gonna ' find he sister handcuff to John Ruth , with John Ruth 's pistol barrel next to she belly . jody domergue can bring a whole lotta’ pain . but he can not do it before John Ruth kill he sister . CHRIS and we can kill she just as quick . joe gage but why ? look at ‘er ! everybody turn and look at she on the floor . she 's a fuck mess . joe gage you gonna ' die , so he ( point at oswaldo ) can hang she ? '' ( point at Daisy ) what the hell you care ? it 's simple , you wanna ' live , mind you own goddamn fuckin’ business ! ( pause for dramatic effect ) here 's the deal . Sun come out , we be go . ( meaning he and Daisy ) we meet up with she brother halfway , we go back to Mexico . addios America , Chihuahua here we come . y'all go on to Red rock and do whatever the hell it be you be gonna ' do before . they all let he word stand ..... on cuT to int - cellar - underground jody look up through the floor , pistol in hand , wait for they reaction ... back up top maj . Warren break the silence ; maj . warren so we sit here all friendly like for the next coulpa ' day , then you all leave here , go meet up with jody , and all y'all hightail it to Mexico ? right ? joe gage yeah . maj . warren what ' bout that slug i put in she leg ? ro ( to domergue ) you be go to lose that leg , you know ? joe gage this only work if we be all reasonable . maj . warren ( to domergue ) so say i bump into you in a bar in Mexico ? now you gonna 's be hoppin ' around on one leg , so i'll try not to bump into you too hard . but when i do ... one - legged domergue .... we be gonna ' be friend ? ( make fun of she ) " hey , remember that time back in Wyoming ? Boy that sure be cold be not it ? " ( to domergue ) be it gonna 's be that way ' tween we Daisy ? you be not gonna ' laugh as i die on this mountain no more ? domergue 's look to he do not want to say fuck you , but it can not help it . Bob break the mood and concentration of the moment . ( '' os he very convincingly say ; bob ( to the room ) I do not want to die . I do not know any of you people . I be just take care of minnie 's . like he say , when sweet Dave see what i do to he chair , he 's probably go to throw I out . and i'm go to get slaughter by a bandit because of she ? about she or she brother , i do not give a damn ! but i'm go to die , no matter . oswaldo throw in he two cent . oswaldo ( to the man ) if you allow I , let I speak the unhonorable truth . that my official stand allow I to put in a convent context to the dilemma at hand . as the hangman in the area , i have a route . that 's why i'm here right now . I be make my round on my route . and as of now , my round do not include she . I have be hire to hang lance lawson . the killer of Red rock previous sheriff . that 's the hang that Red rock 's wait for . now this bloody saga that 's go on between John Ruth , and she and she brother , be obviously long and involved . and also , just as obviously , have nothing to do with I . and while i do not mind dieing for my saga , i do not wish to die for there 's . ( pause for dramatic effect ) so if we let they go once the sun come out , then i can travel to Red rock unmolested , and hang lance lawson , that 's the path i choose . from this point on , Chris get go and once he start , he can not stop . this be the point the actor play Chris mannix will have to work himself up into a whirling dervish . however while the whirling dervish officially start here , he first line barley make a full rotation . when Chris speculate on exactly how many man jody domergue have , it 's as much to himself as the room ; CHRIS he 's probably only get five or six at most . my daddy lead a army . mannix 's Marauders be not a goddamn gang ! it be a renegade Army . a army be at least fifteen man . but this fella 's just a owl hoot . if he 's get six , he think he 's get a army . which be pretty good calculate on Chris ' part , because the four passenger and Daisy be all that 's leave of " the jody domergue gang " . bob but she say she brother have fifteen man ? CHRIS she 's a liar ! get that through you thick skull ! her brother , he fifteen man , that 's all horseshit ! domergue be what she 's always be . a lien bitch who will say anything to cheat that rope waitin’ for she in Red rock . maj . Warren challenge ; CHRIS explode ; maj . warren what if it 's true ? CHRIS it be not ! maj . warren what if it be ? CHRIS it be not !! maj . warren what if it be ? CHRIS then let ' em come !!! Major Warren smile . maj . warren ( to Chris ) I just want to hear you say that . a Chris move over to Joe gage table . CHRIS ( to Joe ) John Ruth be one mighty mighty basterd . but the last thing that basterd do before he die , be save my goddamn life . ( beat ) you do not . you be sit there all quiet like when i pour that cup . ( to Joe and domergue ) both of you . just watch I , wait , wait for I to drink myself to death . so what be the plan Joe gage ? I drink the coffy , o.b. drink the coffy , and John Ruth drink the coffy ? and you two sit around and laugh while we roll around on the ground , hold we belly , scream in pain ? joe gage when it come to you , as John Ruth tell I earlier , it be not personal . Chris take in he answer . then walk over to the pot belly stove , and grab the poisonous pot of coffy on it . he take the coffy pot , and a cup and walk over to Joe gage 's table . he slam the cup down loudly on the table in front of Joe . he pour the coffy in the cup from way up high , create a long stream of poison for everybody to see . when the cup get messily fill . Chris slam the coffy pot down on the table . he take he gun out and point it at the sit Joe gage . cock's back the pistol 's hammer .... and say ; CHRIS drink it . underneath table Joe gage take the pistol in he grip , and point the barrel at Chris 's groin . oswaldo and Bob adlib protest , and get ready to pull they weapon . maj . Warren stop the other fella 's , he say ; maj . warren whoa boy . you be not the one almost poison , Chris be . so i say that make this Chris ' say . ( meaning domergue ) what do you say about she ? CHRIS what about she ? maj . warren well , she 's just guilty as he . what do you say about she ? CHRIS I say after he drink the coffy and roll around on the floor scream he gut out . after we all have a good long enjoyable look at that . we do with she what John Ruth want . ( beat ) we hang she . ( point at the ceiling ) from that beam right there . oswaldo and Bob adlib protest . in the cellar jody place himself directly under maj . Warren , gun point up barrel of pistol aim at the black man 's ball . back up top Chris look to maj . Warren , it 's the take the whole story , but the two man have finally become compadre . CHRIS ( to maj . Warren ) and you know what else I say , i say i do not care what they say . ( meaning oswaldo and Joe ) ( to maj. Warren ) what do you say ? oswaldo and Bob trade look , it 's shootin’ time maj . warren I say , and i really can not believe i'm say this , Chris i agree with everything you just say . oswaldo and Bob take out they pistol . insinctivley reacting to each other vibe , both maj . Warren and Chris draw they gun , beat Bob and oswaldo to the draw . the Americans shoot the european . maj . Warren shoot oswaldo in the belly , the bullet pierce the english man 's stomach . the little man from hammersmith roll around on the floor , hold he belly , scream in pain as he gastric juice be let loose through he intestinal tract . Chris empty he pistol into Bob , shoot to piece both the frenchman , and the front door he be stand in front of . the break door fly open , as the frigid wind blow through the room . Joe gage stand up from the table with he pistol , fan the hammer he shoot both Chris and maj . Warren in the back . maj . Warren and Chris both get two bullet each from Joe gage 's gun . they arch they back in reaction to the lead . down in the cellar jody fire he pistol up through the floor at maj . Warren . back up top the bullet from jody 's underground gun rip into Marquis Warren 's groin . he react . domergue watch . maj . warren - slow motion fall to the floor . CHRIS ~ slow motion fall to the fllor . maj . warren - slow motion fall to he knee , then forward catch himself on all four on the floor . CHRIS - back to 24 frame mr.mannix get John Ruth 's Winchester on the ground , and shoot from the floor Joe gage four time in rapid winchester secession . joe gage tear apart by the bullet , fall to the floor . dommergue see 's the gun that fall from oswaldo 's hand , lie on the floor next to scream english man with the belly ache . the desperate woman make a mad dash for the pistol . dragging she arm and John Ruth 's dead body across the floor , slowly ...slowly ...closer .. .- closer ... down in the cellar jody look up and can see the outline of maj . Warren 's body on all four above he . he fire into the ceiling , through the floor , three time . back up top all three bullet explode from underneath the wood floor and tear into maj . Warren 's body , roll he over on he back . domergue struggle for the pistol , drag John Ruth 's dead body across the floor .... closer ....closer ...to oswaldo 's gun . CHRIS grab Bob 's fall pistol and fire at jody straight into the floor . Chris and jody exchange fire , one down into the floor , the other up into the ceiling . both take many hit . domergue get closer and closer .... almost there .... CHRIS & jody exchange fire , jody fall back dead . domergue reach oswaldo 's body , and with great ecstasy get she finger around the pistol . she yank it out , and find maj . Warren half way across the floor , delirious and dieing . she fan the hammer , shoot maj . Warren three time . that do it . he fall back dead . she whip around look for Chris ... and find he .... point the winchester at she . he shoot she four time from the floor in Winchester rapid secession . she 's dead . Chris mannix who have five bullet in he , as the brutal wind whip around the room , collapse . then on all four he crawl across the room . grab a big woolly buffalo skin , wrap it around himself , and fall / climb into minnie and sweet Dave 's big iron bed . where he rest , curl up , and wait to die . as oswaldo continue to roll around on the floor , hold he belly , scream in pain . the end