title : thin man , the release date : 1934 genre : mystery , Comedy Star rating : 4.5 mpaa rating : no running time : 93 Color or b&w : Black & White released by : mgm production company : mgm country of Origin : U.S. pr rating : a Academy Award nom : best picture Academy Award nom : best actor - William Powell Academy Award nom : best director - w.s. Van dyke Academy Award nom : best adapted screenplay - france goodrich , Albert heckett cast : Powell , William - Nick Charles loy , myra - nora Charles o'sullivan , Maureen - dorothy wynant pendieton , nat - Lt. John Guild gombell , minna - mimi wynant Hall , porter - maccauley wadsworth , Henry - Tommy Henry , William - Gilbert wynant Huber , harold - nunheim romero , Cesar - Chris jorgenson moorhead , Natalie - Julia Wolf brophy , Edward - Joe morelli Jackson , Thomas hale , creighton tead , phil Copeland , Nick templeton , dink - Reporters Channing , Ruth - Mrs. jorgenson Ellis , Edward - clyde wynant short , gertrude - marion clement , clay - quinn thornton , cyril - tanner homan , Robert E . - Bill the detective Brown , Raymond - Dr. Walton fowley , Douglas Hall , sherry - taxi driver Bailey , polly laughton , Dixie - janitress belasco , Arthur hearn , Edward Owen , garry - detective malatesta , Fred - headwaiter sedan , rolfe White , Leo - waiter Long , walter - stutsy burke Gibson , Kenneth - apartment clerk lorraine , tui - stenographer roach , bert - Foster White , huey - tefler taggart , Ben - Police Captain Williams , Charles - fight manager larkin , John - porter tenbrook , Harry - Guest flaherty , Pat - cop / fighter credit : producer : stromberg , hunt director : Van dyke ii , w.s. writer : hackett , Albert , goodrich , france base on the novel by ashiell hammett cinematographer : howe , James Wong editor : kern , Robert J. Music composer : axt , William Art designer : gibbon , cedric , townsend , David , Willis , Edwin B. costume designer : Tree , dolly waren 7 ) -' ro pee | 7 iy ) I ves pene ned go seal Art , | ae at asso we url RA on tr promo pmpenst oe oe cc a y espect sect : - the shadow of the thin can Tre snadow , srotescuely thin , be cast sy one strong lisht witch reflect itselt again < 4 white cement wall . ' when we first see he shad - ow , it ig stending upright , examine scme - thing whieh it hold in its hand . now the shadow bend down , and as it dce so , cain pull back tc retsal clyde tynant in he work= shop . he be 2 tall , thin can a about fifty - five , with white hair . ee have a fine , sensi - tive face . he be a very successful inventor . a man who be capable of sudden fit of anger which he forget almost fomediately , but which be quite terrifying while they last . just now he be utterly absorb in what he be écing -- work on a delicatelyemired part wthich re to do with e new form of combustion ergine thas he have invent . ( through the entire scene , from the first shadow effect , have hear the engine in operation as he be work over be . ) wynent be dress in overall , and possibly a lonz shade over he eye . the shop itself ts in the base ~ ment of a small warehcuse tuilding in the shire tie , between first avenue and the Zast River , in New yor« . it be a lome and narrov machine shop , full of interest and ebarecter in its mechanical lsyout . '' miniature engine - rodel of various kind -- vat cf molten lead -- car - von rack -- welding instrument -- delicate light bulb , end such other apparatus as cone pose a combination shop end laboratory of this machine type . 4 & ncment on wenent 4 the dst of en experiment over the scmoustion engine . ' tren from she background a wor man ramed tem , also dress in overelis , 2 tan of _ about thirty - five , come in from a adjoin shop . he come toward wynant . Tom ( hesitant -- in a mild tone ) you daughter 's here , ir. wynant . ( shen , es wrnent do not seem to hear he , he speak lcuder ) Mr. wynent } wynent , stertied out of he absorption , drop a deliaate piece of metal ( or whatever fragile wiring or part he would be hold ) , end turn furiously on Tom . 7 wynant have not you any more sense than to shout at not like Tom I be sorry ... tut ... tynant ( piek up the little piece -- its edge be spoiled ) twa week wor go for nothing . * centisue : te SE ae * pe eee ee ee . Tom I gust want to tell you ... . tynan : ( interrupt ) I do not cere what you want to tell I . you be through ! get you thing and get out ! the workman shrug he shoulder and start away . ye pan wyneart to a bench on which there be several acetylene torch . ee be examine the part as he go , mutter and gromling to himself . wynent it 's a good thing I be go away -- no peace -- no quiet . everybody interrupt I -- panning shot -- door to shop . . dorcthy wynant come to the door and look in , Tom be see take off he overall , prepara - tory to leave . dorothy can we come in ? Tom look up as she speak to hin , dia you tell hin ? ton sorry , miss wyneant , he do not give I a chance . dorothy come in , follow by andrew reade , she be a young girl of about twenty - one , spirite and highetempered like she father . she have great natural beauty and distinetion ... the erisp product of a strict finish school . she be dress in smart , simple street dress . andrey reade be a good-look boy fresh fron college . he give a impression of reliability and common sense , camera ran with tem as they go toward . the work bench and ynant . dorethy . dad wynant straighten up , and as he look end see that it be he daughter , he whole expression change , he ferget he anger . he be delight - ed to see she . vynant why do not they tell I you be here ! dorothy kiss hin . cantian : , how be you ? worouay I be sorry to interrupt you work , but this be impor - tant . tynent look over at andrew stand behind dorothy . andrew smile as hiz andrey how be you ? . yynent ( to dorothy - as he turn off the combustion engine ) Andrew it 's the same one . dorothy ( as if she be speak to a child who do not remember he lesson ) it 's be the same one for three month . _ vynant . forgive ae . ( he shake Andrew 's hand } dorothy take a good look at he , dad . ( wynant look at andrew and srile ) now please try to remember he ... ' cause he 's go +o be you sen- in- law , wynant 's look change to one of serious inter - este well ! fynant ( surprised ) ell : andrey ( to wynant -- feel that derothy have speak too bluatly ) that be , if it 's all right with you . wynant and if it be not ? , dorothy ( to the front ! ) he will still be you son-in- law3 . wynant ( to andrew , with humor ) you see how much we have to say . ) dorothy ( put she hand on she father 's arm ) . dad , shis be what I really want to ask you .... andrez , know thet she want to talk to she father alone , nnterrupt . andrew mind if I leok arcund ? tontinue : i tynent | help yourself . {he tucn and call eft ) of : oh , tomesesnow tuis gentlenerer . ™~ ( not stop as he see tem be resdy to leave } 3 full sect -- including tom at door . Tom be dress in he street suit , reacy to go out . wynant stare at he in amazement . ' wynant where be you ge ? Tom ( arily ) , hone ! - wynent bome . . . . Tom . - I be fire . wynant ( indignantly ) I be the boss here . who fire you ? ~ ten '' ~~ . you dia . derethy laugh . wynent shacefacediy jjciss she . wynant oh , forget it -- forget it . here ... show this gentleman around ... Tom beam at tynant and start to take he coat and hat off as he speak to Andrew . . Tom right - this way , sir . andrew follow he out . = . 4 close shot -- wynant 4nd dcrctey . she pull she father down beside she on a vench , or possibly she climb up on the lore work bench -- shove the acetylene torch to a distance -- end with she arm around he af - - fectionately , continue : i . dorothy : . mother 's set she heart on a big eburch wedding . : wynent ( parenthetically ) { she would ! continue : dorotay I hate all shat fuss . but I will co it on one eondition -- that you be there to give I avay . ' . wynent ( chuckle ) to what would you mother sey to that ? . dorothy ( obstinately ) . this be my wedding . . wynant would not it be a little embarress ... all of we there ... '' you mother and I and ycur stepfather ? dorothy ( ske evidently have .no love for she stepfather ) he can stay home . flease , dad , svo not you ? werner renee erento wynant ( doubtful ) if you think it will be all right . . .. ( derethy jump down from the bench happily . she kiss he , delighted .to have win he over ) wait a minute . '' hen be it go to be ? I be leave tear tonight . dorethy ( surprised ) where be you go ? o~ : : wynant it 's a-secret . I can not even tell you , my dear , ive get a important idea to work on . dorothy : . 4 new invention ? - - & wyneant yes. ( then significantly , and with measure tone ) . and I do not want anybody to steal it fren I , derethy ( disappointed ) we be plan to be marry the end of decexze > , '' wynent oh , I will be back before Christmas . | . dorothy ( brighten asain ) . ttts a@ promise ? ' wynant that 's one thing I will not forget . ( he look at he watch ) where 's macaulay ? I ought to be start . derothy take he watch while he start < : take eff he oversil . there be a odd :- t7 - attach to the vetch , with link of zolz cont ' sce : — eee — a se -_ - topper and silver . as he slip off the overall , he speak to dorothy zithout leok at she , sty to keep a casual note in nis voice , camera be panning during tee scein . wyoant how 's you brother ? dorothy ( she lock at she father affectionately , sorry for bia ) he 's all right . we either pan ncw on wynant , or go to a full shot -- a3 he go to a washstand to clean up a bit . the basin be on the side of the room . the washstand could , if de - sire , be in a small closet , sng the fol - low dialogue be vieve pack and forth ing this ousiness . - wynant : I 'a like to see he . ' why do not you bring he . down ? . dorothy ( dangle the watch chain ) you tmow how it be , dad . he 's sort of under mother 's thumb . wynant ( brush he hair a bit ) I know -- I crow -- derothy ( still monkey with the watch -- wind it ) you be not miss much . he 's cuckoo . the vashstand -- in tas two . '' wynant like all the rest of we . ( he lean closer to dorothy , speak humorously } have this . fellow ... ( he indicate Andrew with a nod - of he head ) eeeta be see the whole family ? _ derethy ( nodd and smile ) dnd he still want to marry meet : wynent he 's a brave man . they look ff as andrew enter the shop again , medi shot -- tee the . andre come over to they sith add interest - and admiration . -andren ( to 7ynent ) I aia not tnew you invent that smelting process . dorothy ( she hold the watch end chain toward andrem ) lock -=- that be the first metal that come through . . ( she indicate the link in the chain ) Andrew look interestedly at they as she dangle the chain before he . '' ynant be feel he shin tone . de give a little grunt to pain , dorothy turn sympathetically to ° dorothy poor dad , do that still . bother you ? wynant only in bad weather . . derethy but it be not bad seather now . vynant better get home before it be . dorethy ( kissing wynant ) goodtye , darling . " do not you dare forrest ... December 30th , wynant ( to andrew , with a warn friendliness ) Goodbye , my toy . take care of dorcthy . shew she that there be sush a thing as a happy marriage . : . andrew ( sincerely } itll do my best . dorothy and andre start out , say last goodby to '' fynant and Tom . se truck on tein 48 tesy gc out to : . statrway prom basement to first floor - andrew all settle ? ( dorothy neds ) grands ( then , efter a second ) . why do you mother ever diverce he ? he 's swell . dorothy Fe - 1 - 1 , it seem he kas a secretary . ch. ( he turn to derethy , snilinz ) T will 4c ay own type ! they have reach the ter of the stair now and be in a long and narrem corridor , 2 service elevator at one end , end a 4 oor lead 'o of the street at the other . ee ret y dorothy ( look to street ... it be snow heavily ) dad 's a good barometer .... . ( she see a taxi draw up in front of the . building ) — . Quick ! -- here 's a cab . they -exit to street . exterior STREET -- lat afternoon -- blizzard . it be a shabty , dreary street with warehouse and a desert brevery . there be a drive snow -storm , dorothy and Andrew come out as the cab be pull up at the curb , aad rith , difficulty against the wind and drive sleet , they go forward , ready the take it . the cab . deer cpen and a umbrella come out and be open , almost in they face . the umbrella completely cover the urper fart of the man who be carry it . he turn to pay the driver . derethy recognize macaulay and pull up the wubrella to speak to he under it , dorothy hello , there , Mr. macaulay . e . closeup at cure -- tee grouf . macaulay raise the umbrella , surrrise . he be a fussy little bald - heed man of about forty , wear glass . he recognize derothy end beam . . macaulay eow be you ? . ( then , as the snow selt dorn , he start to hold he umbrella over she ] here . get under this . . derothy . thanks .... we be take you cab . lorothy climb into the cab . andy follot she . she snuggle close against he , cold . maeaulay hand the driver a bill . continue : macaulay ( to icrethy ) be you father still be there ? - dorothy ee 's wait for you . 5 ° macaulay do he tell you where he 72 go ? dorothy he would not say . macaulay ( shaking he head in ' disappreval ) tehetch - the <= ( shutting the esb door ) well , goodbye , iiss wynant . . ( then speak to the driver as the driver be give he he change ) you would not drive slowly , so you do not get a tip . . Driver ( erin ) my that 's okay -- I take 1 % é he grin again and swing off , leave macaulay look down at the chanse in he hand , indignant . then ws pan wite he as he enter the building . : 9 corridor from basement -- full shot . wynant come up the stairway and start for the service elevator as macaulay come in fron outside . ' ynant be now in a business suit , but have no hat or overcoat on . he do not see macauley . he pull open the door of the service elevator , wuacaulay start to run to= ward wynant with little fast step , he bulky umbrella hang from he arm . macauley I , wynant ...ifr. tynant ! wynant turn , he hand hold open the elevator door . : wynent hello , there come on up with I . oe to macaulay follow yynant into the elevator , - panting a little . a ) > woe greet ee we eee ee ee ee eee start glonly up . the elevator shaft {is risi - tle through the mocden bar of the elevator , tynant stand look dewa at mucaulay , - snuse and friendly . wynant do you get may money ? macaulay ( he pull a wallet out of . kis pocket and take out a sheaf of new _ bill . he talk plaintively as he do so ) I do wish you would tell I where you be go . vynant I be not tell anyone . macaulay ( protest ) but suppose some business come upece . wyneant that 's just why I be go . macaulay start to count out the bill into wynantt hand . macaula ? one hundred ... two mindrsd ... three ... : wynant ( take the sheaf of bill , impatient ) . never tind . macaulay . I wish you would count they . there 's a thousand dollar there . wynant ( stuff they carelessly in bis pocket ) I trust you . dacaulay be not there . anything else I can do for you ? have you buy you ticket ? wynant no. macaulay ( there be a good-humored @leam in he eye . he see a chance of find out where vynant be go ) well , let I do that for you . wynant : you might do that . get I a ticket for ... { + 0 @fexiy as ke look to 2 and = he agze ok ta a pes chat ka fg. a7 . to zive hissel > awev ) no , you do not ! continue : they smile at each cther . the elevetor hes reach the third floor by this tine , it stop . wynent get out . '' o~ . ° 12 teird tlooa corridor -- close at =levator , > macaulay prepare to follow tynant , tut wynant close the door of the elevator , leave he in it . wynant . thanks , and goodbye . *. macaulay that " 11 Ide if something come up ? wynant settle it yourself . ' that have I get a lawyer for ? , macaulay . be Julia go with you ? : yynant no . '' ynant reach threugh the bar of the elevator door and push the button inside . the elevator start tom durize the 2 ollovi ialomue . acaulay stanis ' inside , bewilder and worried . macaulay but what if you need more ' noney ? wynant I leave instruction with Julia , she will get it from you . Goodbye . wynant stride out of the scene . the elevator be beginning to disappear , carry macaulay . macaulay ( with he face upturn , not gue on plead umtil he disazpear out of sight -- he be call up ) you do not tell I a thing . I do not '' meew there you be go . I do not mow when you be come back . I do not know how to reach you if any business turn ubese d the elevator zce down out of sight . be wotce trsilinz as it do so . . i 12 fee 's office -- trucking and panning a as ze pick he up leamine down in front of a . continue : a ) a gus mannez . he as nis hat tory to leave for the and llocwin scm2 cate ? ( tynen 's office be of 2 feshien + ek a3 7 building cf wind . have windevs wag tt give to machinery can : wynent ( as 2 my daughter 's acing to be serrie youn tan . she just drought he in . tamner listen prececupy . Ze 's nerrous sbout wynant icckizg in the penne > well , congretulaticz . itm goim to aive not > a wed I would better do it nex , beter @ qrop they cm ay tay tde.05 ( by this tine that 's fusnr .... ' ynamt nas pull cut a box and be puccied to see it sartr } i 's . eh pe teeg ob 1d a be 0 to ( he lean down and hunt shrourh the a@itferent rarer in the safe . fing what se vent . he vorn + nhere be that tond ? tanze > eboma , sir ? tyrant E meew I lef % chem there . tanzer maye mig tol ? sas chem . ee do n ’? '' tanner nynant ( still serried -- sonéer vay Julia tes 's them} maybe ske bas . - he goab bis 227 and coat amd stazt '' tanne > ( siekize up a baggage eteck pee bea - 2570 ) from the tate ) yeu be forgetziss ( wynen it 's at che gras womest - on , yes -= yes == th3 he gee ou sonvizue : i 5 14 16 t rarr contewed ( 5 ) as soon as '' ynant ece out , tanner leox after he . he seem worried . hs look arprehen - sively back toward the safe . dissolve to : 4 radio in a ney york apaqtment -- closeup . worelli be '' lock gangster . he have the radio on . ee be look at a copy of vorue . a woman 's voice come over the scene from off stage . Julia 's Voice - how do you want it ? morelli ( turn a page of vogue -- hold it you to the light ) straight . dre vomen really go to wear they bustles ? suddenly there és the sound of a key in the door , merelli look up quickly , he hand zoing to what we know be he gun , in he hip pocket -- 4s camera pull back aafidly to reveal : & full shot cp the afartment -- 4 penthouse -- process gl.ss . we hold fcr a moment as morelli rise noise - lessly and stand there , alert and ready for gagone now camera swing hafidly cv=er to docr -- close shot on wynant . 4s he enter , have use he own key , ee still seem occupy , and dce not see morelli as he come through . camera swing rapidly back to : closeup on morelii -- before tee radio . be stand there , quietly menacizz , he hand morelli . on he hip . you be in the wrong place , mister . fs back to : 7 flash wynant -- closeup . wynant look off at he , surprised and wynant . ( sarcastically ) a i? back to : * 1a flish morelli -- sloseup . : 4s we pan he for vard a. few step . he give wynant a savage double -d , . morelli what 's on you mind ? what do you want ? Julia 's Voice ( o.s . who be it , Joe ? morelli ( watch tynant ) that 's what I want to know . 19 medium shot -- the apartment . ' as Julia come into the room , with two drink in she tand . she be 2 woman of about thirty , she be in very elaborate loung pajamas . her hair be too well save , she nail too red , she eyebrow too delicately arched . sut she bas the look of a hard business " oman under - meath it all . she look disturb as she see it be wynant . Julia we be just have a little drink , ~~ wynant co ( araizy so I see . : continue : morelli locss fren one the the cther . in rynent 's atsvitude cp displease troprietorshir , . he get he 's hint of sho be be . he reach for _ he coat over the chair and start tc put it ' on . Julia - ( she eye still on wynant ) see you later , soe . morelli look from one to the other , and then . slowly get he hat and start out . . morelli . sorry . do not know I be talk to the boy friend . s'long . ee walk carelessly and arrogently cut of the door , sleca it after hin . cambra move in for a closs shot om julia and wynant . she put the drink down . she try to ignere tynant 's very evident displeasure . : : wynant who 's that man ? , Julia he 's not anybedy . just a fallow I use to knoz . wynant I think you would give up that sort of friend . Julia tris be the first time I have see hin in year . tf do not want he to think I be high-hatting hin . wynant I do not like hin . Julia ( move over to he , try to eoneiliate aim ) do not worry . you will not see hic again . ( she try to take wynant 's ccat and . hat ) . what happen ? ' do you change you mind about go ? wynant . no . I just come back for a secom I want to get that bond . ~ Julia ' ( she control she fear under a air or ignorance ) . . what bond ? : continue : wae hi ameisiomenoaia nrg | wynant . the government tond . the one you tock fro= the - office safe . * Julia ( smoothly lie ) oh yes . hy , you tell I to sell they a lone sine abo tynant ( 4 n a level tone ) I would never tell you to sell that . I buy then for my daughter . Julia do not you pemember ... e wynant ( interrupt she ) now see here , Julia . you be count a littie too much on ay be absent-mind . you have be take a little here and there for some time , and i have not say anything about it . but this ig titty thousand dollar : Julia ( fly into e tamper to try to hide she guilt ) do you realize that you be accuse I of cece vynant no one else have the combination of that safe . you take they . what do you do with they ? Julia ( in a fury ) what it ' I do take they ? I be sick anc tired of see you hand out thousand ef dollar %o that family of yours .... wynant ( cut in ) that 's my business . Julia ( go on without listen to hin ) -- support that gang of loafer ! there 's not one ef they that care a damm for you . a wife who throw you out the first time you foot slip . they would not raise a hand to help you . and I have give my whole lire for you . if you kick off tomorrom , where would I be ? out in the gutter ! ( then defiently ) sure I take that bond . who have a better vient -- ? we bold a moment . there be a slight pause , then wynant quietly , and unkeed 211 that she have say , start ror the phone , we pan AIM over and hold as he pick up the phone ( but sot the receiver as yet} and speak off to Julia : continue : : iynant ( quietly ) / Il go that seney right now , or I will rand you over to the police , . . - Julia : ( e.s5 -- not believe that not will de it ) go ahead 's wynent ( litt phone fron receiver now -- . still quietly ) they will be pretty rough with you .... with you record . camera full back , and Julia hurry into the scene . 7 Julia ( contemptucus ) that 's a fine thing to throw up to I after all I have be to yoouse .. wynant ( in phone ) hello..s sive mesese . ( Julia grab the telephone frat hin , . in a fury . ste put it down . put the be - ceiver in place . they stand face each other ) wellsece ? . Julia ( in a surly tone ) l'hl wive it back the you .... all I have get ...- twenty - five thousand .... wynant . ( he take she by the wrist , 2 ripeing she hard , try to force the truth from she ) you be go to return every cent of it ! -tulia ( flash again ) ica not ! I heve not get its wynant ( quickly ) what do you do with the rest ? Julia I never have it . the telepho ine . wynant then someone be in with you . who be it ? -- who be it ? ( Julia make a move to answer the phone which ring again insistently ) I will answer that -- ( he pick up the phone ) fello , ..hellowe . cur to : on meena see a nee later att ey , er yee 2 c . telephone bocte -- eublic iar seseee - + a weasel - face little man , munhein , be in the of pooth at the phone , put as not hear tynent 's ~ voice say hello " , he very quietly pul be down the nook for the receiver and pisc she be ceiver gently on it . he tum amay . cor back to : 2 . jolia' apartment -- close shct at phone acain . ' wynant be click the receiver up and down , as he repeat several time sharply : . wyneant hello ..- hello , hellc .. shello oo oe then , evidently heering she sound of the be - ceiver be replace , he impatiently put the telephone down and turn back to Julia ... : ¥ynant you do not need ts tell ae . I have a sretty good idea . and with this we pan edm as he put on he hat and walk out of the apartment -- with deter - mination and & menace purpose in he face . camera sting quickly back oq julia . she lock after hin , terrify , as we . CUT or dissolve to : . 22 a STREET at night -- lighting effect . + stride down the street , he long , lean , narrow form castizg a long shadowy on - the snowy pavement . samera hold in a running shot on the shadcw as it elongate still further , and finally disappeer . fade CUT . . ( note : we. should get the above shadow effect - through heavy snow , ( via reflection of street lamp ) . he idea and mood here of the shadow of the " thin man '' as it stride rapidly through the night be purposely intend for a necess ~ - ary effect . ) de eee eee en ae re et closeup cf a christmas vreate . the wreath be enormous , and under the conven - al greeting : " a merry christmas " , which be in silver across it , there be 4 current uncon - venticnel greeting also in silver , which read : ( this slogan to come} on sound track behind the shot a orchestra be play gaily . fossibly a arrangement that lombardo would make on " jingle bell , jingle bell " , there be also the sound of gay chat ~ - ter and jingle of many cocktail shaker . now cambra pull back to reveal the 34h of a speakeasy , or , to be more up to date , the bar of @e biltmore or a waldorf astoria Hotel . it be against the glass of the bar that the Christmas wreath be first show . it be sbout three o'clock in the afternoon . almost all of ' the people sit on the high stccl in front of the bar be woman . several bartender - be shaking cocrtail . the music , which , by the wey , come from a adjoin tea densent rocn , continue . there be a heliday air about the whole place . a sophistication and a galiety belong to thirsty New York of the present '' moment . camera sun dotn the line cf the Ban amd hold af the end , where a bartender be plece two cocktail on a tray hela by a weiter . to truck on the waiter as he take the tray into the adjoin room . the room be quite fill with the afternoon tango crowd , amd several couple be dance cn the - floer . wi hold as the waiter stop at a small - table aleng the wall . [ cqrothy and andrew be seat thers . dorcethy be look very glum . a&tdrew ( put he hand on hers ) cheer up , darling . dorothy I ™m sorry . dorothy try to smile , but it 's a dreary ettempt . the waiter put down the cock - tail and leave . : Andrew ( hold up he glass ) here 's to ust - - he drink he cocktail . derothy take a sip of hers , andrew go on talk , try to get she out of the doldrum . 4 audrew by this time next year , we will be two old marry people ... trimming the tree ... hang up the stcck - ing for the child ... ~ ( then as she lock up ) ~ewe well , the child , then . continued : ee oe ee eg ey wee eee Le , dorethy try to snile , but she be worried , and can not enter into he fun . she put she drink dorn . Andrew whet 's the matter ; darling :.. not sweet encugh ? gerethy ( listlessly ) it 's all richt ; '' ( ncte to van : if you go they to get up and join the dancer , it can be do at this point . after dorothy say , " it 's all right " , Andrew say , " come on , let 's dance . I have get to get you out of the dump somehow " -- and pull she to she foot , the follow scene continue now , as follow , in a fanning sect of they dancing . ) Andrew . ~ - ( lean forward -- serious now ) derling , you father 's all right . he will turn up in . dorothy . ( turn to he -- suddenly distraught ) but here it be Christmas Eve ! . andrea ea 's just forget . you know he forget everythin dorothy : be 's never forget a premise to I . I be worried about he . I know something 's happen to aim , she look off scene toward the bar . suddenly ber attention be rivete .on somecne . _ &neérew what could hapten to hin , darling ? you must not woity sae ( then as she half rise , he continue ) what be it ? dorothy just a minute , s. , . she leave the table -- she eye still fix eagerly on the man she have see . we truck and pan tith her as she go forward to the bar , dnd as she come in , we see she be - act eagerly as she cenfront a4 go - lcokin man of about thirty - five , tall , cesuel and worldly wise , wko be stand in front of the bar , he face reflect in the mtrrer . this be nick charle ... : Nick ( the the bartender ) another martini -- dorothy hello , there : aor 24 closeup at bar -- nick and dorothy , niek Charles turn zo she . Ze smile et she . he have not the faintest idee though she be , tut he 's not go to aiscourege such e pretty girl , Nick ( very cordially ) hello ! ( then over he shoulder to the bartender } make it two } ( then back to dorothy} how be you ? dorothy reelize that he have not any remdm - - brance of she . . dorethy you know , we know esch ether . . . Nick ' : ( heartily ) of course we do ! we have be friend for year . dorothy ( inspect hin ) be not you Nick Charles ? Nick ( he face change . he realize that she do imcw he } yes . ' ' dorothy you do not remember I ..... I and dorothy fruant . the bartender set the drink on the bar before Nick , whe look at derothy puzzle , try to realize that this be the child he use to imow , . Nick not that scrawny little ....? ( he put cut he hend es if measure e little girl 's height ) dorothy ( smile ) - yes . Nick how do yqu ever remember I ? - dorethy ( intently ) I be fascinete vith yous ...e8 real live detec - tive .ee - you use to tell I the most '' wonderful storey . be they true ?. continued : 24 meer ere conmtiiuel ( 2 ) Nick probably not , andrer come up to they , dorothy turas to introduce kin , dorothy andy . ssthis be Nick Charles , he work on e case Tor father ; ' N Nick ( shaking hand with éndrev ) yese some nut gho want to kill he , ( then to dorothy ) how be you father ? . : derethy that 's what I be gcing to ask you . he 's gisappear } nisk . . disappear ! : . andrew ( to dorothy } now do not say that -. he 's just off somechere work - ing . . dorethy ( to Nick ) I can not rind he , I have try everything . for think you might know , Nick ( chuckje ) I do not know anything -- I have be in salifornia for four year . have you try he lawyer ? dorothy no ; . ( she face light up as she seas a possibility or reach she father ) ' snarew there -- you see -- you never think of that , Nick use to be a guy neme Mac -- something . '' doretky macaulay , . " _ - niek that 's it ... Herbert macaulay , , dorothy ( hold out ner hand to andrew ) lend I a nickte , '' continued : 24 : conteris ( 2 ) £ 2 . 3 ancren give she @ nitkla end she go < ff . New that she hés zone indrer dror nis fretense cf mininize she father 's fsilure to eppear . , ee step you cicse to Nick . andre she 's get I worry , tos . Nick . ( easily , es he reach fcr he cocktail ) ( ncte : curing the entire play , Nick be alwey reach for a cocktail : ) dentt start worry sbout kim . he 's a good guy , but screvy , Andrew ( impressed by what he have just hear ) why do that man want the kill hin ? Nick . Said he steal he inventicn , . Andrew to you suppese .....? the bertender be place mcre drink in frent of Nick . '' niek ( to Andrew ) what ? : Andrew : . ( decide that he be silly to get . so worried ) , nothing . Nick you better teke a drink . he tand he one 2 for the cocktail . as they start to drink . 2 commcticn be voice raise in srotescation ... 2ne a woman 's voice accve it all . <.t be noma , ick 's wife . nora 's voise ( of , 's . ) asta ! where be you go ? asta ! bartender , as well es Nick and andrew , lock cf ? toward the commotion . CUT to : 2s . 26 ka entrance of the bar -- fech ths cloak room or corridor . kora charle , Nick 's wife , be come throuch . she be a woman of abcut tventy - six .. , a tre- mendcusly vital persen , interested in every - vedy and everything , in contrast to Nick 's apparent indifference tc anything excem when he be go to get he mxt drink . ' there be a warm understanding relationship between they . they be really crazy about eaci ether , but ° undemonstrative enc humerous in they compan - jonship . ' they be tolermt , easy - go , take drirk for drink , and battle they way to - gether with a dry humor , just now nora have be shoppizg . '' ber arm be full of smali package , eer hatis askew , she be pull alorg todily ty a small white senlinghem on a leash . a.docrmin and a hat -check clerk be follow she , protest «t she bring the gog inte this fashimable hotel . ' the dog be exeitedly barkine . . doorman . Madame , you ea no. bring that deg in hare ! nora Im not bring rim . he 's bring not ? ( then to the dog ) asta ! asta ! - but the dog pay no attention . he pulis she ike a streak cut of the seeme toverd che bar . nora 's package be leave in a trail tekind she as ska stumble after nin , ' the attendant ' fellow aftarher , pick up the parcel and protest vehemently , attendant but madame. , . degs be not allew .. , . it be not coly you deg ... but if we start ... , Madame , you drop you fackage , .e,@tcy . bar -- close sct 4s asta , the dog , rush in , still with nora on the other end of the leash . ths dog make a bee-line for Nick , pull away and -- ker - plunk ! -- he lsap clzar up into Nick 's am , noe be bark with delight . ee seam +o heve a particular desire to lick Nick 's nose , mora , more di skhevel than ever and braathless , enter , psntizg . she realize that this be asta 's ob jective . : nore . se it 's you he be efter ! commented : Fe ts oe Nick hello , baby , nora ( indicate the dog} he 's drag be into svery gin mill be the block . Nick ( in explanation ) thed hineuw ' nis morn ing . nora I think so . he even try to drag I into the @entlemen ' 's -- . Nick : ( stop she to introduce Andrew ) oh , this be andy — . : nora and andy smile at each other , . nera how're you , andy . ‘( bisten to ada ) I de m't usually leok this way , but I have beer Christmas shopping . cue cf the attendant whe follote nora come up . he hand nera several of she fackace . attendant Madame , I be afraid you will have tow ... Nick ( interrupsing } it 's all right , Joe . it 's my dog ... . ( and as m afterthought , wave he hand at nora ) eee and my wife , : nora . : you might have mentime I first . . : : Nick ( to Sea ) he 's wall train . he will behave himsel ? , - nora as lerg as there be not a rire bydrat . what I have geome through -~ attendant Ze might bite somone . Nick he 's all right . ( be put asta down on the floor . he speak to the dog ) continued : 26 . continved ( 3 ) Nick ( cont would ) how lie down . | ( 4 sta look up at hin , waggice he tail , but geke not move to cbey he . Nick speek with mere authority ) lia dorni ( still asta loox fondly up at he , with - * out obey } . well then , stand up ! : ( then triumphantly to Joe ) see ? . the attendant laugh and move off . dorothy come toward they from the talephon booth . she seem a little more cheerful . andre watch she anxiously . : andrew : any luck ? '' 7 ° dorothy . . he 's just around the corner , +. Nick you fether ? dorothy . no . the lawyer -- I be go to see hin . Nick realize that dorothy and nis wife have not meet , he make the introduction very casually , wave bis hand to indicate nora . Nick oh , my wifa -- dorotay '' ynant . — tne tyo woman smile in acknowledgnent . nora leck at dorothy '' ith warm interest , | dorothy bow do you do ? I be . sorry have have to rush . : niek we be at the normandis for a couple of week , why do not you drop around ? . derotay thanks . we will . Goodbye . andra Goodbye . the two go quickly off . nora look after then . ' pretty girl , nore : coontinved i 26 27 28 29 continued ( 4 ) . Nick ir you like bicnde . nera ( grin et hiz ) you get type ? Nick qnly you , darling ... lanky brunettes with wick jaw . : . nora who be she ? Nick I be hope I would not have to tell you , dorothy be really my deughter . you see , it wes spring in Venice , and I be so young . I do not know whet T be acing . ye be all like thet on my father 's side . . . nora by the way ..how be you father 's side ? to Nick much better , thanks . : nora " how many drink have you hed ? Nick siz martinis . six kertinis .« ( then to nisk ) you be not go to have anything on I ! nore ( to the waiter , order ) zs she hug the bar , she foot on the rail , in imitation of Nick dissolve to : closeup cf an ice bac . Nick 's hand be screwing the cover on the tee bag . camera full back tc reveal he in the bathroem of he suite et the normandie . he have just fill the bag from the wash pasin , which ts full of ice . the calzri truck with he es not go into the bedroom and over to the bed . , closeup of asta . he be sit on the foot of the bed , he head cocked , look anziously at nore at the other side of the bed .. close shot - at bed . nora be lie on the bed , dress as ze see she in the iast scene , except for she hat . Nick come in and put the ice bag on she head . nora open she eye and speak feebly to Nick . continued : mere ots 30 ware ee lo nora what hit I ? Mick ( grin at ner ) that last martini . asta , delighted that nora be all right , rush to she , end lick ner face , . nore ( struggle so get up ) I can not lie here , I have get to get up and trim thet darn christme tree . . Nick . take it easy , : the doorbell cf the apartment ring . nisx start into the next room , nora lock ctf perturb . she do not feel up to visitor . nora . . Nick ( as he walk cut ) . cuT to : who 's thet ? senta Claus . live rocm uf suite - ( skyline teacughe wintc ys } in one corner of the live reem be a enor - mous Christmas tree , without any crmement cn it . the room be a miss of box and excelsior , : Nick come from the tedroom end open the cuter room . macaulay stand outside , he eye blink behind they gless , in friendly well - eome : caker bcve up for close shct on the maceulsy how be you ? : . Nick ( he be surprised but recognize he efter 2 second and be cordial ) hello , mecaulsy . come in .-. macaulay ( 2s he come in ) derothy tell I you be here .. I ves go < c¢ telephone bute.e i. Nick that 's all right . wart be you @rink ? we fan Nick over to a table where there be bottle cf scotch and ice and syphon of ' seltzer , macaulay . nothing , thank you . nothing . . ( ick pour himself 2 drink es macaulay sit down I wantad to see you ... what 's : mimi up to , Charles ? = ac continued ( 2 ) Nick mimi ? ( fer -a minute ke do not realize rho mimi be ) eee eh , dorothy 's mother . ( oce she have to be up ‘to something ? . macauley . ske usually be , try ene way or another to . get money . out of wyneant . I want to find cut if you be er - be - ( he hint for the word ) ew-sleuthing for she . Nick ( dryly ) , . I have not be a detective for four year . macaulay yeu do not say -= - Nick . ( press syphon of seltzer ) my wife 's father die and leave she a lumber mill and e narrey gouge railroad and e couple of other thing . ind i'm look after they . macaulay I see . tf see . Nick ( come over to he } what 's all the fuss about , be he in hide ? macaulay you know as much about it as ido , I have not see he in three month , . Nick no werd at all ? : macauley : he send werd through Julia Wolf when he want . money ... give it to she and she give it to hin . the telephone ring . Nick gc over to it , speai to nacaulay as he go . Nick se that 's still cn ? ( he pick up the phone ) nora 's Voice ( o- 3 . ) ( she have answer the phone in the next rec } hello .... just 's minute . . Nick , who have listen cn the phene , ucld 1t .ut towerd macaulay . . continued : ' merry Christmas ! contimr=d ( 3 ) Nick it 's for you . ( macaulay get up and start for the phone } you cffice . macauley tax the telephone . nora avpear in the docrway to the bedrocm . she have a box of Christmas tree ornement in she hand . the ice bag be tie on she head , slightly askew . she be follow ty asta .. nora - be there a Mr ; macaulay in the house ? ( sha leok cver and see macauley at the phone ) oh , it 's you . macaulay {into the telephone ) yes ? 0 : then he turn to nora . in he desire to the polite , he aluost miss both the intro - auction to nora , and he telephone call . Nick . my wife . macaulay ( to nora ) how do you do ? ( he turn hastily back to the telephone . nora walk out of the scene , toward the Xmas tree ) . I aid you say ?.... he be ?.... where be he ? very well . {he hang up and turn to Nick ) he 's back in town .... ( then es Nick look mystify , he add : ) . wynant . thank'heaven . he 's wait for ze now . ( then reslizing that nore do not know what he be talk about ) forgive I , Mrs. Charles .... tut itve be so upset . ta " 's 0 joke work for a man like that . I must . be aff . . ( he start for the docr , which Nick cpen for he ) Goodbye ... goodbye . Nick stlong . macaulay shut the door after he only to open it again . macaulay ( stick he head in ) continued : 50 ts { 32 eo — 32 o~ 33 ns a lo lt Te ae os continued ( 4 ) be shut the decr again . during the above , norn hes start to deco the tree . she be stand on a chair , a couple of xres ornament in she hend , reach - ing toward the top of the tree . nera if enyone sey " merry Christmas '' once more , ifill kill an . Nick start to the telephone directory . Nick imm go to telephone that pcor ' eda . ( he search in the directory for a number ) at least she will be glad to know he 's alive . asta be sniff sround the tottom of the tree . close shot of nora . she have two different ornament in she hand , try to decide which to put on the top of the tre . nora shall I use this .... cor this ? ( she look down 2t asta , who be out cf sight . she speak sharply ) asta , asta 's ( she return to she trimming , mutter indignantly } we nice Christmas tree . close shot on nick - phone . he have dial he number , he speak into the telephone , Nick May I speak to lorethy ---- CUT to : . medium shot - jorgensen apartment . mimi jorgmsen , formerly Mrs. clyde wynant , be at the phone . she be a slightly fade , but still very pretty woman of about forsy= * one or two , she be utterly feminine , with continued : 33 continued ( 2 ) | bright little ray of talk and move . she -. distrust all woman , even she daughter porothy , and treat ell man with = flirtatious condes= cension , es if they be child . the only thing she really have any emction about 4s she preserct husband , whom sh¢ adore . she be terrify that he will leave she , know , although she so not admit it , that he marry she for she money , . the live recm of she expensive epartment reflect she personality , it be a modernize victorian , full cf alabaster lamp , curve soft chair and gleaming satin . mimi be answer the telephone . dorothy stands in the doorway , listen to she mother es she take off she hat and coat . she be dress in the same clothes in which we ' see ber at the hotel . mimi . ( as she hear that it be Nick Charles , she voice take one flirteticus note} how be you ?....0h , I be ir , jorgensen now .... : ( she see dorothy out of the ecrner of . she eye , but vretend that she do not . know she be there ) to 7 no , she be not here . for ~~ . ( derothy move toward the telephone ) be it about she father ? well , can I take the message ? dorethy ( take the phone from she mother ) give it to I , : mint , ( ante the phone , pretend surprise ) oh , here she be . . reluctantly she give the phone to dorothy . she stand close to ceorethy , try to hear the conversation , : back Te : 34 closeup nick - phone . - / Nick I just want to relieve you mind . you father 's alive and all right . | : . back to ; 3 ' jorgensen be - close at pecne , dorothy : 0 : ( she face light up with relier bh , thank heaven . continued : 35 ae continued ( 2 ) mimi ( whisper to dorothy ) theat be it ? hes he find hin ? derethy ( into the phone , not say any attention to she mother ) do you know there he 's live ? ---- ( for a moment she can not help but feel hurt ) ( then ' she realize how selfish she feel '' well , at least I be glad he 's sll right . thank you for call . gocdbye . — cheoee - she hang up . mimi eagerly question she . Mini dorothy what be it ? nothing , . Gilbert some into the rcem . he be a boy of about seventeen or eighteen , he wear spectacle . ' he be slight in build . the two woman do not notice he . - mimi . that be not true . it be about you father . * here be he ? dorothy heat ell right . be a't thet enough ? mint no , berethy , you just want money -- and you have not any right the any more . he make a big settlement on you . mint . that 's go long ago . I have get to see he . where be he ? derothy I - will not have you hound nim any more for money , , ; Gilbert ( to he mother ) i will tell you . - dorothy ( turn cn he aacusinegly } you have be listen again on that extensicn , Gilbert ( very simply ) or course , what 's a extension for ? mimi ( to Gilbert , who be evidently she favorite of . the two child ) what be it , Gilbert ? tell mother ! what do he say ? continued : i { 35 _ contiyged ( 3 ) i Gilbert ! . he say that father 's in tear . he 's be see ~~ } Julie right slong . mimi ( bitterly ) ie that woman ! - giltert ' she could tell you where father be . dorothy , mother , .... you could not do that . yeu could not go . to she , ° mint I do not say I would : but we have get to have money , . " derothy : do it ever cecur to you that curis might work ? , : mimi . ( look fearfully orf scene ) : shush ! , camera swing rapidly over to : 36 : back of a sofa ~~ ; . - big cleszur from the sofe # man rise vith languid dignity . it be Chris jorgensen . he be young then wimi . 4 vary handsome ten ; but one whom you could know at first sight thet you could not trust . he throzs derothy '' deadly glance and walk with hurt dignity cut uf the reom , carry the newspaper he have be read . . camera full back for the group 2 carn : 37 dorcthy , mimi and gilbert mimi look after jorgensen , fearfully . she turn to dorothy . . mimi ( sharply ) you have hurt he feelingsi she hurry out of the reom after jorgersen , dorothy lcok arter they , disgust . gil . o~ . bert watch dorothy ith detach , scientific interest . : Gilbert . : you know , you heve a gedipus complex and you will not admit it . continued : — rr seomene be : 37 35 . contrued ( 2 } derothy ( this be the lest strez ) oh , please , Gilbert : she start out of the room but Gilbert continue to talk to she , although she be not pey any attention . . Gilbert I , the trouble with you be that you will not face fact . now I know I have a mother fization ... but it 's slight ...+s. it have not yet reach the point of ee . dorothy walk out as he be still talk , jirgensen's bedroom - medium jorgensen be stand in front of the mirror , adjust he tie . ilimi come in , very much perturt . she go to he affectionately , jorgensen realize he power over she and - use it . mint do not mind what she say , Chris . jorgensen . oo how can I help but mind ? I be constantly humiliate ed ... just tecause I have not money . mimi ( eager y ) - I will get seme . jorgensen you have say that for week , mimi . I imow . . jorgensen why dc not you ge to see Julia ? she handle he money , ' mimi ( protest ) Christ . jorgensen all right . all right . — mimi I could not go near thet woran . jorgensen T seid all right : he pick up he hat and coat from 2 cheir . mimi watch aim enxicusly . mimi what be you go to do ? oo grad sate lo ) _ vjorgensen ( eesily ) just whet I say I would de . . mimf ( in g panic , she plead ) you woula not do that ... you woulé nas ! nee eeepc jergensen ( coldly - quietly ) would not i. just watch I . . mimi ( almost cry ) Chris -- Chris 's --! but jorgensen walk out . 39 ' qutside jorgensen '’s docr ~ hall . jorgensen stride out of the dcer and down the hall , mimi come to the door , mimi Christ but Chris psy not attention . mimi , distrait , : go back into he room . as she sics the deez . have see Gilbert com cut from tehiz the sider dcor , where né nas vesn listen . 40 jorgensen' room 4gain . '' mimi stand irresoluts for a minute , the go to the telephone and dial a. number . | mimi ( on telephone ) miss tolfe ? well this be Mrs. jorgensen ... I wonder if I may ses you ? CUT to : + v 41 julia' aseartment - closeup at phone Julia 1s evidently very mich startle ty Mrs. jorgensen 's call she . Julia ( hesitatingly ) why yes sioe yesetsae she put down the telephone , think hard , a worrt by the idea of rs . jorgensen 's impend - ~ ing visit . suddenly she make up she mind : ; and hastily dial a number . back to : 42 43 45 ! himi' lividg rccu mimi get up from the telephone . there be a lock of grim determinaticn on she face , dissolve to : desz of JULIa wolf apsrtment ecuse . there - be a clerk stand behind the desk , and a telephone operator at a small switchboard . mimi be stand in front of the desk . mimi what be miss Wolf 's : apartment number ? . clerk nine a , mimi turn and walk across the lobby , the truck with she . 4s she go toward the elevator , .ltert nunheim be see come down the last step of the stair , out of she sight . he be a weasel - face little man with a long nose , weak mouth , and a shifty look in he eye . the clerk 's veice come over the SOUND trick call after mimi . clerk 's Voice ( 0o.s . ) who shell I say ? miss closeup of - nunheim on stayr , mimi 's Voice ( 0.s. ) ( shortly ) Wolf expect I , 4& mimi say " miss tolr " , nunheim stiffan and pull beck against the wall . he wait there until he hear the sound of the elevatcr deer close . : he ts evidently terrify by something that he have see . he wait to be sure that mimi have go up in the elevator and then , with a furtive glance at the desk , csi—rl foll back and pi.ns with he as he sneak out and down the stair on the other side of the elevator shaft lead down to the basement . ninte floor cf the apartment house . - trucking shct . mimi get out of the elevator end go to the dcor of the epartment 9 - a across the hell . she ring the doorbell . there as ‘no Z2spcuse . continged + re ernest heist tea pe | 45 46 47 49 50 ccntinced ( 2 ) she ring egein , & look of grin determination on she face . ect. of baszment entrance of aft . house . nunheim ' cone out of the entrance , look furtively up and down the street and welk rapidly away , . ° back to : exr. of door of apt . gok get no response to she ringing , mimi be kmock on tha door . she be furious ith Julia for not let she in . stila get no anszer , she try the dcor . she be sur - prise to find it be open . she lock up snd down the hall end then deec ide to investigate . she walk in . live rocm of julia' aft . = trucking and panning . mimi coma into the toch . Sne shut the écor slowly behind she . she look curiously c- round the room , interested to see whet kind of @. place she ex-husband have furnish fer Julia . see no one in the rocm , she goss through it toward the bedroom . 43 she zet . to the door end lock curicusly ia she - stiffen end scresn . julta' bedrocm - from mimi' angle . on the flecr of the ornate bedroom , Julia 9 3 deca oocy i128 , stretched out . 320e tes bee hes . sce be ess as she '' 23 - when she enswer limi " 's telepacne sail . back . tq : reverse closeup - mimi in deorwat for a minute mimi stand in the dcorwsy look - ing down at the body , roct to the spot with horror . then she look arcund fer the tele - phone , see it beside the bed , and rush %o it , camera panning . , continued : en er a 50 continued ( 2 ) t b { mimi ( telephon ) poe Quick ! quick} sené somebody up here right emay . semethe territle have happen 's : she replece the receiver . for a second she 7 stend still , ner tack to the body . sut ner J curiosity finelly cverecm she terrer , and she go slowly back toward the body . she stand look down at Julia , @ million . speculstion and suspicion go shrough she . mind . suddenly she eve fasten on something in the dead woman 's outflunz nenc . xer eye widen with horror . sné max up she mind to take the object , which we do not see . look - ing eround juickly to see i : no che have scene in , she reach down , take it frem tae girl 's hand , and stuff it in she hand beg . she straighten up , camer , panning quickly up for : sl cliseup cf wimt . she stané clutching she bag , ber eye wide 's . . with horror at the realizeticn of shat that piece of evidence mean , she be try to formulate a plen of action as we : . slide cver to : yi s2 homicide bureau ~ folice headquarters . several officer be sit around talk . . lst Officer man this dame get by with thing make I sick . . the telephone ring . ancther officer answer the telephone . 2nd Officer : yeeh ? -= Julia Wolf , 145 West 55 . ( as he hear the address he write it down } ist Officer ( sit up ) that 's I . 2nd Officer {he replace the be - ceiver and turn to the cther officer ) '' of here you be . - he give the officer the paper . ist Officer what be it ? continued : gee sniisi cg sre be 52 continued ( 2 ) ; and Officer a dame -- murder , '' ~ ist Officer thet 's more like it . ( ~ . the lst officer go quickly cut . 8 . slide over to : ss macaulay' law office - clcse shot , macaulay be sit at a flat desk , with some ° : peper in front of he , .4 stenographer be . tak - ing dictation . the interroffice communicator buzze , macaulay lean over , pulis the switch and listen . a girl 's voice come over the ' eommunicator . - girl 's Voice ( o.s. ) telephone , Mr , macauley . macauley '' ( frown in annoyance at the interrup - : tion who its it ? om . girl 's Voice ( o.se ) ° the police . with a puzzle frown , meceulay pick up the ' phone , '' . macauley hellod.eee + '' ( then with a awed surprise ) murdered !... yes , yes , I will be right cver . he get you . . , slide over to : sa & speakeasy - clise shot of nunez IM 4 nd marian , . they be in a bocth at ae speskesasy . marian be 4 bigebon , full - flesh , red-haire will - man of about . twenty -eight , handsome in a rather brutal , sloppy way .. nunheim have a satisfied smile cn he face . ~ : marian where you be ? continued : & waiter come and put two beer in frenv i of they . he stand wait to be peid . for , , nunhein oe cut make some money . - merian ( hold out she hand ) for let 's see it . ' nunheim I have not get it yet . . marian give he a dirty look and take a querter out of she purse and throw it dow to pay the waiter for the beer , _ slide over to : 85 hall - outside julia' apartment . a two old wispy clean woman in apron with : : . pass key on thin belt be stand talving - y with they head together outside of Julia 's , apartment . . . lst Cleaning woman hoo ( almost whisper ) om what be you goin 's to tell ‘em ? 2nd clesn woman ( wiping she forehead vith a dust cloth } I guess you get to tell ‘em everything . ist Cleaning woman do you think Mr. wynant ....? 2nd Cleaning woman all I know 's they have a awful fight e while ago . 4 police officer come to the door of the apartment . he beckon to they . Police Officer all right , girl . without realize the humor of the " girl " , they start in . slide over to : 56 - stwdsy cabaret - full shot . '' a - it be in a flashy Broadway gabaret . on the ae dance floor about ten girl in practice elothes be rehesrse a new routine . aa man ts mechanically play the piano fer then . continued : aera not s56 57 continued ( 2 ) seversl waiter be decorate the room with green and christras wreeth , I + ts late afternoon , and the place have no customer in it . the chair sre pile on the table . morelli be sit at a table . tha waiter be place a bottle of scotch and a gless before he , studsy come up to the table . studsy iss powerfully build man of ebcut fitty who lock forty . he be a little fat now , but not soft , merelli look up as he come to the table . camera move up for close sect gn morelli how'yer , studsy . ee start to pour a drink . studsy - . ( look at morelli very closely ) - dide you know Julia tolf ?. morelli ( a guard tone in he voice ) yeah . . studsy somebody just bump she off . I think you would like to know . studsy walk away . uerelli slowly drink he liquor , he eye fix on space , thinke ing hard . : slide over to : julia' bedroom 4gain - medium shot , the Medical examiner , Dr. Walton , be lean over Julia 's body . a officer be sit in front ..of Julia 's desk , look through she peper and letter and throw they to one side as he resd they . John Guild , a durly , - laconic , special investigator , be in charge of . the investigation . he be question macaulay , who be sit face hin . Guild . when vas the lest time you give she money for wyneant ? macaulay | . yesterday . I give she a thousand dollar , '' cont inged : 57 continued ( 2 ) Guild ~ ( call over he saculder to the other officer at the desk ) see any sign of it , b4i11 ? Bill nope .. maceulay . ( helpfully ) _ perhaps it be a robbery . . " guy and she with that sparkler on she hand , end thirty aollar in she purse ? look to I like we ' friend tynadtcame to collect end run into a little trouble . . ° * bila they ' say downstairs they have not see bin ia three month , Guild ( sarcastically ) : there 's a lot of thing they do not see in this place , {he turn beck to meceulay ) and you sey you have not see he or hear from hin in that time ? macaulay ( meticulous iy honest ) tt say he have not write I , Guild oh , then you do hear from he ? macaulay ( he hesitates to teil scmething which seem to incriminate vynent ) Welles Guild ( impatiently ) well , whet ? '' 8 macaulay he telephonea the today . ' Guild . - ( lean forward eagerly ) he dias macaulay - iowe not in , my secretary take the message . he leave word for I to meet he at the flaze . continued : 57 - continced ( 3 ) Guild thet time be that ? * macauley about three . - Guild do you go ? - macaulay yes . . but he do not show up . ' a officer come from the live room . - _ Officer {to Guild ) . . . : his house and he shop be elose . - and he be not at any hotel . Guild ( sarcastically ) youtre not go to stop at that , ere you ? orticer ( sullenly ) no , sir . I officer go out egein . Guild turn back to macaulay . macauley ( eagerly defend wynant ) I know hefil turn up as soon as he see this in ' the papers . ' you can not think he have anything to do with it , Mr. Guild . de wes not the kind of man thatecee . Guild ( interrupt ) do you know that they fight ebout that night he go eway ? - . , macauley ( frown as he realize that this sound bad ) I do not know they have e fight . Guild ( atemiss macaulay ) - well , thanks , we will cail you when we need you again . macaulay get up to ec . $ 's s7 closzuf - n=dical scauinin . he. be lean over Julia 's body . Medical examiner kr. Guild , here 's scaething very interesting ... 48 Guild walk inte the shot , I : dissclys 70 : medium sect - jorgensen' live room . mimi be in the midst of tell she experience . Gilbert , bderothy and jorgensen be listen . mimi still have she bat and coat on . she have just come in . she be seat on the edge of she chair , enjoy the recital . jorgensen stand at the window . ---- rand there she be lie dead . ' the police say she would protably be kily about ten minute before - I get : there . jorgensen - ( turming around - speak with quiet anger ) I think you say you be not go there . mimi ( flustered ) Way , you say ... jorgensen ( sharply interruptizg ) never mind . - Gilbert ( who be tremandously interested ) do they find any clue ... a gun or fingerprint or anything ? mimi ( very glibly - remember what she have in she purse } not a thing . . . . — gilvert = be there much blood ? dorothy - ( distress ) . do not . it 's horrible . mimi nonsense ! she get shat she deserve . 's continue '' 's bo mte Gilbert ( to mimi = not accusingly , out with sclentific detach intere + ) do you kill she ? Mini Gilbert Gilbert : woy not ? you have a perfectly good motive . mimi zt hope you will not talk thet way to the police , when they come here . closeup of jorgensen . there 1s a guard look of terror in he eye . jorgensen . . the police . I think you say they would finish with you . miri 's voice ( e.s. ) } they say they would finish for the present . the thoucht that the police might come %o the apartment increase he fear , medium shot including '' mur , dorothy and gilbert . . mimi be watehing jorgensen anxiously . gtlbert . well , I have get my alibi . 3 be at the Public Library . ( to jorgensen ) . there be you ? mind . ( hastily , with ner eye still on jorgensen ) Children , will - you go into the next room ? I want to talk to Chris alone . '' at that minute the front door bell ring . mimi look toward the door , wonder who it be . . . . . galbert ( go out to answer the ring ) I will gos jorgensen . I will be in my room . ' he go quickly out . | o~ i '' ' 63 i -_ - sabioal cuisld jengac Si ararioul . Guild and Sill ere stand outside the door of the torgensen 's arariment . Gilbert open the door of the apartment . Guild be Mrs. jorgensen in ? ~ , . Gilbert yes. come ing - the two officer go in and the door close behind they . from. a coor teyond , the service door of the ssartmen jorzensen come cut ees not wait for the sisvator , the stair . tut starcv dovn live room ~ scrgensen be spartsntt . : Guild be seat uncomfortably on one of mimi 's delicate chair , opposite Mini . Gilbert be stand , listen eagerly . dorothy sit nearby , she mind deeply occupy . mimi ts a little frighten , but she hide it under a pretense of want to '' all she ean to help . dorcthy sit listen . Guild {as scene pick up ) there be a few thing we want to check up on . > / mimt I see . Guild you say you be in the room with the body from the time you discover it ' till we come ? mint why yes . Guild . do you see anything in miss wolfe 's hand ? mint no. ccntin .d : ) ee guild . be you sure you dic not leave the reom ... that one of tue belltoy or the maid might not nave see in there alone ? mimi ( grab et the open se have give she ) I do not think so . of course I be territly upset ... I harély know what I be do . Guild . tne Medical sxaminer seem to think that the tody be toucheé . ee say it look as if the girl 's rand head be force open after she be kill .... closeup cf - dorcthy ' she be listen intently . . gusld 's Voice ( o.s. continue ) and we just find out she have a thousand dollar the night before . dorothy lock toward she mother , she eye wide with horror . mimi 's Voice ( o.s. } ira sorry I can not kelp you . medium shot cf group Guild rise and stert for the door . Bill turn to follow hin . Guild that 's all right . ( slight pause —- his eye swiftly ; scrutinize the group ) well , we will be go . Mini : ( tonelessly ) '' Goodbye , emi zyly gocdtye , guile and the cfficer go out . go hallltay cutsidz jirgened ! afart.sut . Guild and Bill cone out , follow by Gilbert . Guild go to the slevator and ring the bell . _~_ Gilbert could I go dew and see che body ? I have never see a gead body . Guild {for e minute he be curious , think . there may be some reason ) why do you want to ? Gilbert ( very sericus ) I have be study psychopathic criminology . I have a theory . perbar this be the work cf a sadist or a paranoiac , if I see it , I might be . able to tell . Te elevater come up ; Guild ( pretence to be as serious as Gilbert ) tuat 's a good idea . eut do not you bother to come down . we will bring the bedy right up here . ( he get into the elevater ) come on , Bill . they leave giltert , uncertain whether he be teing kidd cr whethur they meen ic . 67 mimit bedroom - panning shot the goor be close behind she . she gc to a small wall saf2 and open it . then ske open she bag and be about to put the thing she tock from Julia 's hand wrapre in a handkerchief , into the safe , when she be startle by yerethy 's voice . dorothy 's Voice ( c.s . ] what have you get there ? minti ( she turn in the direction of derothy 's voice } none of you business . dorothy come up to she mother and speak accusinely . continued : so 67 continved ( 2 ) " * derethy o~ ~ . you take that money from Julia 's hand . mint I do not . ait : dorothy . then whet be you hide ? mima , ( with malicious relish ) . it 's a piece of evidence thet 's worth a great deal more than that . dorothy ( with bitter contempt for she mother ) ~ you nand that over to the police . I will do nothing of the sort . . dorothy all right , then . I will tell they . mimi " ( very sure of she ground } I do a't think you will . it 's you father 's . derothy ( shocked ) I do not believe it ! you be lie : * . Mini {viclously pleased at bpeak I dorothy 's faith in she father ret she hold out the break end cf the mat chair that we saz @ handeerchicf® which be soottes 71 % looc . dorotny look st ic , and seccenize it , with borror . dorothy ( cover she face ) onl Mini { triumphantly ) now do you beliave mat fast dissolve to : eee ure tereeenseete eee 5 68 live accu - nice's a paxtuant . it be eight o'clock the same night ... about two hour later . there be a party in full swing . i* be a odd assortment of people . there be a peclice cap - tain there , a reminder of nisic 's old live . a little prizefight mansger with a big fighter in tow , quinn , 9 dissipate lock man of about thirty - five , and he wife , a rather fade woman of about thirty - two , very jealous of friend husband . ' quinn be '' broker , and the only one in evening clcthes . then there be Foster , a big fet man , who sit near the radio , a glass in he hand . with every sip , he grow more sentimental , es he listen to the program of Christmas carol that be con - ing over the radio , there be a improvise bar with everything in the way of liquor and necessary accorpaniment on it . Nick be move ing emong the peovle , see thet shey be serve . ere be one very bdesuti : y go7n woman among the guest . she be delishtedly peng in6 , on the police captain 's word . the ofa fan over to ncra at the deor . she open it to admit face peppler . he be a tough look ex-convict . he look eagerly eround the room . . peppler Nick Charles here ? : nora yes. ( call Nick ) Nick ! peppler you he wife ? nore yes . peppler ( give she a epprove pet on the posterior ) be 's e@ good guy . . ( bis eye be eagerly search the room for Nick ) . he send I up the river once . ( he see Nick come toward he , and with the greatast good will and enthusiasm , he greet he } hey , Nick ! Nick hello , face ! : peppler it 's 2 long time I do not see you . Nick 4 long time . . . peppler well , I need the rest . continued : 68 continued ( 2 ) ners ( to peprler - indicate Nick ) be he a gocd detective ? feppler I would not «mow . that time he catch I be '' accident . I lead with my right . Nick ( laugh ) come on . have a drink . he take peppler by the arm out of the scene as we pan nora tc tse telefheone . she pick up the receiver , she eye on the odd mixture of people assemble , nora ( in phone - philosophically ) do not. bother to announce any more . just send any= body right up . . ( then as the clerk evidently try id protect she ) : T know . but it 's all right . they be he friend . table - close shot Nick be pour a drink for face . the little prizefight manager come up to rim with a @reat hulk of a fighter in tow . ( the contrast in size be amusing . ) ' manager like to buy a piece of this pug , Nick ? I will sell you twenty - five percent of he for five grand . Nick be he good ? maneger . he 's be kmock them cold . he be not afraid of '' nobody . ( the tighter reach for e drink . the manager turn on he fiercely ) Drop that , or I will slug you . the fighter , cow , meekly put down the q@rink . Nick laugh , hand feppler . a drink . Nick ( to peppler ) here you be -- it 's good stuff -=. I get it before repeal . . ' the girl in very teautiful evening clothes with a string of nearl around she neck come over to Nick and peppler . she hold cut the pearl for Nick 's attention , , . girl look , '' Nick . remember ? this be the one you get back for I . contingsr : 69 continued ( 2 ) peppler lock at they with a professicnally avaricious eye . : feppler ' they real ? i Nick ( to peppler , werningly ) ugh-ugh ! this be you night off . suddenly tie music of the redio stop as it be switehed to another station . the voice to @ news broadcaster ccme over . announcer ( 0.s. ) we < 32 degree telow in utica , here 's the latest news of the Julia Wolf murder , ( Nick turn as he hear this . the caameri truck with he as he go toward the radio . the police captain be listen - there .. , not be the one who have change the : station ) : : fhe police have find out that the beautiful dionde secretary be once a gangster 's girl . they be nc7 look for the wengster . clyde '' tynant , the girl 's employer be still miss . this case wili .... . ( by this time , Nick reach the radio , he abruptly turn the switch , changin , back to g musical program . ) : Nick 's ( the the captain ) can not you fellow ever forget business ? he hand the captain a drink .. Captain good case for you , Nick . niek ( smile ) have not you hear the news ? I 'ma gentleman nov . nora 's Voice ( o.s. ) Nicki Reporters ! . Nick turn . 70 doorway - medium shot nora have admit two young newspaper : men. who be stand in the doorway . Nick walk over to they . , ist reporter I be from the american , Mr. Charles . 2nd reporter Mirror , p i . continued : 7c continued ( 2 ) lst reperter fe want to know if you would give we a statement . we hear you be here to work on the Julia Wolf case . Nick sorry . I do not mow anything about it . : lst reporter come on , gimme e break . Nick I never try to kid you reporter -- I be tell you the truth . 2nd reporter ' then why be you in town ? Nick ( confidentially ) my wife 's on a bender . I be try to soter she upe nora stick up she nose , laugh , go over to the table . we pan as Nick lead the reporter there toc . cuinn and one or two of the other . qlso be imbibe . Nick ( as they get to the teble ) come on -- relax -- ( then to nora ) give they 2 drink . nora we need ica . Nick pick up a drink , already pour for . himself . Nick ( look at the glass in he hand ) wheat small glass you have , grandma . he go off toward the service pantry with the drink in he hand . . lst reporter ( to nora ) listen , be not he work on @ case ? nora sure . het work on 2 case of , scotch . piteh in and help hin . . she go off toward the service pantry . Mrs. quinn come up with she glass . quinn look appreciatingly after nora . quinn ( to he wife , indicete nore ) be not she grand ? I take off my hat to she . Mrs. quinn ( acidly ) you hat ! you be get conservative ! — _ ee ee ed 71 service fsntry . it be a tiny room with cupboard , 2 sink and a@ miniature frigiceire , Nick be get ice cube out of a tray . nora come in with a glass in she hand . nore I would better order some food . {to Nick - as she take receiver ) that sound like a interesting case . would not you like to take it ? Nick I have not the time . I be much too busy see that you do not lose any of the money I marry you for . nora ( to phone ) room service , please - she : talk to Nick as she wait to get the connection . she watene he covertly as she talk , she be sure that he zculd love to go pack to " sleuthing " , and she would enjoy be in on it with hin ... she be try to sound he out . , nora sound like 2 geod case . girl mysteriously murder - ed . no one kncw who do it . they have not find any clue yet -- no gun -- no fingerprint -- Nick ( with a gleam ef interest ) I wonder if they have -- ( be look at nora and suddenly realize that be be get interested . he jerk himself out of itp . . I do not want to hear anything about ite he pick up the ice and nora 's drink nore be not that my drink ? Nick - what ere you drink ? nora '' Rye . Nick - drain the glass and put it down : Nick yeah -- that 's yours . : he walk out .as nora turn laugh to the telephore . i nora ( in phene ) listen - I go a whole flock of sandwich -- 73 Nick ceme in with the ice . the doorbell ring . wisk put dom_the ice @aq gear for the door . as the cafir truck mith nim not pass the talephone table . Foster be sitt - ing there . the redio music have put hin ing sentimental mood . : ° . Foster ( at telepnone -- to Nick ) I 'a like to telephone ay mother .... 7ish she @ merry christue . : Nick ( easily ) go shead . Foster " fraid I can not pay <-- . Nick porget it . camera continue to pan with he as he ges on to the door . just 1s he be about to open it , he hear Foster 's voice , 0.8 . . Foster ( at phone ) _ Long distance -- give I San Francisco -- Nick look off , vwince a livtis , gcod-humor - ly . then he open tha door and be surprised the see dorothy wynent stand there . she id white - lipsp , miserable anc desperate . Nick look at she , a little worried by she barass look . . Le Nick . - derothy itve get to see you alone ! | come on in . wiek realize that something be definitely the matter , quinn ( voice o.s . ) hello , beautiful ! Nick turn as he hear quinn 's voice . full shot -- guist .nd reporter . quinn ts come toward they , 4 arink in he hand . his eye be fize on dorothy . Zhe everter also be come forvard , toei > curicsity suite dizrerent from wuinn 's they realize ner iaentity and tyne dossibili - tie cf 2 story . . continced : — a a ET ! 13 t a } ' '' 7 % on om emerwrur presen continued ( 2 ) Nick ( rush she toward the bedrecr } go on dn there . '' he open the dcor and she go in . Nick be about to follow she when quinn stup nin . quinn who 's the little blonde ? Nick use to bounce it on my knee . . quinn which knee ? could I touch it ? Nick laugh and enter the bedroom , quinn try to follow , as do the reporter who have come up , but Nick shut the dcor in they face . quinn , startle , knock on the docr , quinn ( knock ) . House datective : bedroom . dorothy be stand near the bed , she held herself taut ana stiff . she be determine . that she be go to sacrifice herself to give she father : Nick come up to she . . dorothy : . you hear about Julia Wolf ? Nick yes . dorethy ( she pull a gun from she matt ) there . ( she throw it on the bed . Nick look at it , and then back et she , he lock be very cocl and unexcitad ) Nick what be you try to tell I ? that you do it ? dorothy ( she have she story all set and she speak with very convincing fervor ) yes . I hate she for come between my mother and father , she keep I from see my father . tf go down there to ask she where he be . she would not tell I , and I shot she . Nick ( with sudden professional : briskness ) where do you hit she ? ccntinced : continued ( 2 ) . terothy ( she hesitates ) why ~ ... in the heart . Nick pretty geod shot you be . what aid she do ? dorothy she fall down . Nick do she make any sound ? do not scream ? dorothy { the horrer of it make her. inarticulate ) I do not knowteee niek which way do she fall ? dorothy : shes .. she fall over backwards . Nick . on , yeah ? - people fall toward a shot , you mow ... not back from it . I know you be lie . lorothy brenk down , realize that she attempt to take the blame be futile . Nick - go and hold she comfcrtingly in he arm . niek where do you get this gun ? . derothy I buy it . in a pawn shop . . Nick do not lie to I . dorothy that 's the truth . at this point nora enter . she hold a érink in she hand . Nick look up -- make 2 Little grimace at nora . dorothy turn and see she . she pull away a little . - dorothy tais be awful cf I —- to make a nuisance of myself . nora ( easily ) Don "s be a dope . have a drink ? dorothy try wanly to smile . derothy no thanks . ccontingel : 24 75 continued ( 2 ) she fumble in she tag to find she powder . Nick be lcckirg suricusly at the gun , turn - ing it over in he hand . . nora ( to dorothy --- point to dress tadie ) there 's powder and stuff over there . dorothy walk toward the table . Nick . ( lock up --- indicate drink nore have ) make she take that . , nora see the gun now , be amaze . nora | where do you get that ? Nick ( indicate dorothy ) . she bring it in . ( slip it inte the drawer of a table ) try to make I believe she do it . nora ( as he put the gun away ) what be you go to do with it ? Nick . nothing , ' till I find out if it 's the gun Julia Wolf be kill with . : ( he start for the door to the live room ) keep she in here , and do not let that reporter see she . they might telieve she .. he gue out the door , and close it hastily behind he . nora go toward dorothy . live rocml . there be a hetel service table , pile high with food , in the room . the people be ell eat , stand around with drink in they hand . as sccn as Nick open the door to come out , the reporter pounce on hin . . first reporter be not that dorothy wynant ? Nick yes . ( the first reporter make a move to go '' best Nick to the bedroom . Nick bar the wey here ... here . : she dcesn 's know anything about it .- second rerorter and you say you be not on the case . he go off cuickiz toward the telephone . - continged : ' 2 98 continged ( 2 ) Nick I be not . I do not know a thing about it , end I do not care a thing about it . all I want be a drink . 76 close shct at fecne . Foster have at last teen able to get he mother . in San Francisco , Foster ( on the phone ) hello , ma. the reporter come rapidly into the shot , he try to take the telephone from the other mane reporter _ roster ( hold on to it , protest ) but I just get San Francisco ... ( into phene ) how be you , ma ? give I that . reporter ( take the phone from hin , he speak into it ) get off the line , will you , ma ? I get some busi - ' ness . ' ( he jiggle the hook for the operator ) . give I spring 1900 . the back to : ' . 79 . close shot at table . : - 5 quinn be stand beside Nick , the doorbell ring . Nick ( to reporter over at telephone ) hey , do not do that : . ( he 4s pour a drink ) now do not tell you peper that I be work on any= thing , ' cause I be not . Nick go offscene toward the door , the bell ring again , . . '' quinn heis just work on that little blonde . 76 full shot , Nick open the door . mimi and Gilbert be outside . mimi instantly rush in , greet hin effusively . Gilbert be leave stand in the door . continued : vere tete ag ie nee be a er ore sha ( eo 79 80 rare ver e ; Mini oh , Nick ... Nick : _ Nick helle , mimi . mimi I want to talk cc you about something very in - portant . the first reporter hes forget he telephone call . he be all ear . Nick lock around desperately , and take Mini roughly sy tre arma and rusn she nto a aqcornvey next to the oor to tne vedrocm . ee Nick come on in here . the bathroom , as Nick bring mimi into the bathroom , she look arou :d bewilder . . : Nick serry . this be the only place we can be alone . wo not you sit down ? he wave airily off scene , presumbly toward the seat . mimi follow the line of he hand , look , start and givss he a cut look . doorway of live room . Gilbert be stending hesitantly in the dcer - | way . the first reporter suddenly see hiz , he have not notice he before . he go quick - ly to he . first reporter " how do you do , Mr. uynant ( he take Gilbert cordially but firaly by the arm and bring he into the reem } my name be diamond : come on in and : have a drink , Gilbert I do not drink . ' furst reporter . . : as @ matter - of - fact , I do not either . I would auch rather talk ... he start for a quiet corner - '' back to : $ 1 bathrocm , mimi and Nick be sit - on the eige of the tub . mimi : clyde wynant 's crazy.s.adsolutely crazy to stay away at 2 time like this . ' no wonder the police think he have something to do with it . . Nick what do you think ? . oh I know he do not , but I wish I could find he ... I hava something very importent the tell hin . macaulay will not help at all , he think I just want money . . : Nick ( smile at she ) well , do not you ? . mand : ( sheesing to regard this as a jcke ) you be always toesing . the door of the bathroom open . Foster start - to come in . he stop suddenly as he see Mini , - Foster I beg you pardon . he back hurriedly out , mimi move closer to Nick , take he arn . Mini : Mick , you will help we find clyde -~ will not you ? Mick now , mimi , there be 2 thousand detective in New York . ire one of then , mimi ( persuasively ) . but he knews yeu . all you have to do be to get in touch with he , and tell he thet mimi say every - thing be all right ... but that I have cot to see hin . Nick I tell you again , I doe not want any part of it . {he gc end open tke door which comnect with the bedroom ) now you take dorothy home and ... mimi ( furious ) derothy , be she here ? Nick ( startle by she tone ) yes ... mimi push into the bedrcom , pas * he . are 82 belriom - medium gaotr . dorothy and nora be sitce on she bed . agta be between the . lerothy be patting asta , still look very subdued and unbeppy - nore hold out the gless toward she . nora if you finish this , you will feel better . in the mirror in tack of they , we see Mini come toward lorothy , & look of fury .on she face . derothy lock up at she mother as she come into the scene , @ little terrify by she mother 's expression . mimi come right to dorothy and stand over she . Sne ts sure that borethy have tell Nick about the mtch chain . mimi what do you tell he ? what do you tell he : dorethy dce not answer . her licther shake she vicicusly , repeat the question . Nick some up frum tehind dint and pull she awiy . nore put a protect arm around dorothy . there be a second cf silence 4s derethy and mimi face each other , all of they mutual anatagonism in they eye . asta start bark= - ing . wora quiet hia . : Nick she do not Tel ] meat thing . mint - ( recever herself ) I be so excited I do not know what I wes do . come on , dorothy , we will go home . nera ( sharply to mimi} she will go home if she want to . ( she turn with werm affection tc dorothy ) you can stay here you mow . there 's plenty of room and we 'i leve to have you , derethy thanks . but I 'li go home , she stand up to go , mimi look around , Mini where 's Gilbert ? continued : wee centinuar ( 2 ) Nick {this be the lest stra ) Gilbert ! be he here 1007 ( he start toward the live reen ) we might as well be live in the lobty live room - close of group . Gilbert be sit in @ corner of the live room with the two reporter . they have they pencil out , take dom the rapid flow of word that come from gil - pert , : Gilbert . . there 's a physiclorical as well as a psycholosical angle in my father 's relationship with Julia yfolf that the police have overlock . and I think it explein everything , you see , ay father be a sexcgenarian , . ist reporter ( deeply interested , not know the meaning of the word ) he be ? ; Gilbert yas . he admit it . ist reporter nspeak very solemmly - think it be some sex perversion ) sexmgerarian , 2h ? yes . yes . but I can not put that in the paper . Gilbert Kay not ? ist reporter you kme how thoy be +-~ sexe +ee Gilbert then just say he ves sixty year old , . ist reporter be that . what it mean ? Gilbert of course . continued : a4 the reporter get up , furious . ee throw he psd the . the flocr . Nick come inso the scene . he sce to Gilbert . Nick . ( to Gilbert - amused at the repcrter 's discextor ) come on , son . he take Gilbert by the arm and push he into the bedroca and clese the docr on hin . to rine . 2 tt norte : 2nd reporter come on. , »eegive I a break . you ove it to I after that . ee Nick . . I swear I haver't a ching to do with it . : ( he pick up the telephone . tue 2ze reporter listen , uneshame ) hello ? . cur to : big closec ? ~ nuneedi at 2 telepecid . 's be be in a reese telephon . the osckgreund be not distinguishable . ee be evidently talk for the effect on scmeone eise in . the reom waom we dc not see . ee lock at the mar of the corner of he eye as =s _ nunbeiz you . Charles , i’a like to lay a prorositicn before you . I can not discuss it over the telephone , buy if you will give I nelf az nour of you time .. , , it 's about the Julia woll , ... at thet a hance coma in , cover the sctvk= - piese , orevent any further conversation . nunheim , still in this big closeur , icok - @ , S. at the invisitia can end gtin seréoni - eally . baca tc : nice at tes selishl . Nick . . {fremnize ) _ helic ..- nelis ..- then as not get ao a=swer , he hang ap . one qnd reperter jump +o bin. 2nd reporter . nhat be - it ? - . : Nick * . just a man try tc sell =e insurence . a6 wie a ngle - tss ocu . nera come cut cf the bedroom acer . quinn come up ts she , wes. guinn stand listvene ing . . . @iina where be tha little tlicnde ? she 's gene . - . aon ist reporter '' o~ how would they 3 ° ? neve sut the tack way . . the two reporter , tithout 4 sore , gzt > they hat and coat and sash cut . quinn , teo , brazenly start t3 vreez past he wife and f¢licw chem . lir . quinn step . to front of he , slap he face . Foster , agaiz at the phone , waine out : " selle ; ma . '' and sim:itanesusi7 . suriez eeis sontusisn . osaer =o suick £ 23322 2h on ners . ioleve yeu , niekie , ' cause you cow such l27 pecplet . —- as we tissolte tc : it 1s abeut en hour later . the yedroem be car fer ea secend . then neza , cn cre sida cf tha | tig deuble bed , pull or ' the Light on the sceall table teside she . ske sit up a Little and leok over at Nick . ea be soundly sleep , 215 face toward she . she hes lorethy on she mind and can not sleep and she want company . nera ( softly ) Nick ! loo ( he dee not stir ) Nick 's ' ( he look sleepily et ker ) be you aslecp ? : Nick yes . nora good . I want to talk to you . oa Nick . that 's jolly . - hora to not you think you would llixa to go peck to detoct once in a while , just fez the fun of it ? Nick ce not you get to sleep ? nora no . : : Nick ( sit up in bad ) maybe a drink would help you . nore no thanks . - Nick maybe it mould if I teok it . camera pull bacz 4a he get up out of ted and go to the bureau where there be a bet <l and @ gless . to jump devn and fclewew hin . nis 's _ pour aimselt a drink . asta stand there , lick nisk 's bare fest . : nera - . bvorytody say you wear a granc detective . . Nick ( take an dcink ) they be kidce you . nora . I would like to see you zork . continted : culitanmnnenateateh i atiatectaenancaataneie terteaterateeeiaieter eter , i ae er gene ation ee , nam &7 continued ( 2 ) . hick — tomorrem I 'il buy you a whele lot cf detective storey . . nore be determine to get Mick to bal dorothy . she try enother approack . nora . that poor girl be in a tough spot . . nisk ( come back to the bed ) there 's nothing I can do to help she . the asta jump on the ted , go and curl ninsei ? up at they foot . nera she think you can . it would not hurt you to find out if you could , would it ? - Nick ( get back into the ted} derling , ty guess be that tynant kill Julia and dorethy knews it . and the policetll catch hin without my help . 's nera I think I would like that drink , wick 6 : g** up again ene go tc get she a I will give yeu you Christmas present now if you 'l , give I mine . Nick ( , ouring a drink ) at breakfast . . ee bring she the drink . she take it fra he end he get into ted . . nora sut it 's Christmas ncw . Nick ( oriezly , as he prepare to go back to sleep ) Breakfast . . nora wheat be you go to give I ? I hope I do not lize ni ck youtll neve to keep they snrwey . the man at though . Aquarium say that be wulént + take they back . nora look over a % hin , disgust . ske su ts gown the drink and sull cut the tights continced : $ 7 £ 8 87 Mr , Charly here ? 6s . nora do you beer a enosk ? niek lock up . the yneck come egein nera get up , take a robe from the foot of the bed , pull it on , and gc cut . ds she do so ; Nick reach cver , take she drink .and finish it , then turn over ag2 in to go to sleep . 7 door of live room , nore have put on tha light as she same threugh the room . sha cper the decor . joa morelli be stand outside . he wear @ diack derty hat , which be doesn 's : remcve and he have he hand im the pocket cf he choose fitting elack cvar - ceat nora lock xt eim with - livety suricsity . she be too fone ct adventure ax well as toe brave the acresm , when sko see he menace figure . morelli nore . . morelli ( he manner be very urgent ) ' I gotta talx to he ... that 's all . eut I gotta do nora leek at he for 4 second . nora you wait here . I will tell , hic . sha go tonerd the becrecr . the bedroom . nora enter , call to Nick . nera Nick ! . ( Mick stir and cfen bis eye ) there 's somecne toa see you . 37 . to. continued : ( 2 ) " wick ( sit up ) that 's great . TI ves afraid ita have to go to sleep : but as nora move away to gat beck into bed , we see jforelli nas follow ner into the bedroom ana i3 @tandicg dointsue @ gun directly at ck , wita & menacina iotentness in 3 - qnoke cody . to wide angie - tee group . wora , entirely unconscious of morelli 's presence and the gun in he hand , swing into bed beside Nick . ‘ick be look fixediy at the gun . ' ora look at hin , amused by he expression , not know the eanse . . nora you have get the funniest look on you face . she follow the line of Rick 's gaze , and she eye pop with amazement es she see morelli with the gun . . : : : '' reverse . angel - clossup on morbelii . he hold the gun levele at fick . '' worelli I gotta tulx to you . I want you to tell I something and I want you to give it to I straight . get I ? revease closeue - nick ad nora oo bick do you mind put that gun away ! my wifa do not cere , but I be im 4 delicate condition . CUT to : 71 . medium sect agatt - sroup nora look at hick , arnreciate he humor in the midst of he dunger . nora ( to bick ) you idiot ! . ( agta begin berk ct morelli ) asta ! asta ! stop that ! get dow ! " {ghe chase he of % the bed . asta jamp dom out of sight . morelli still kss bis pistol point at - Nick ) now , satay there . + Nick . {to morelli - see that ast be down ) all right .... shoot ! ( then realize the double meaning , he eorrect himselz ?} . oo I mean ... whut 's on you mind ? , : morelli : you do not nead to tell I you be tough , I beard about you . ( he put the gun in he evercost pocket ) I be Joe iforelli . : nora watch the scene between the two man . she be excited , but apparently not frighten . biek . I have never hear about jou . morelli . I do not knock Julia off . wick all right - you do not . morelli ft have not see ker in thres month . we be abl wash up . . niek Way tell I ? . morelli I woula not have eny reason to burt she . she be always on she up and up with I . but that dirty little nunbeim ~- ho pot sore csuse I make the grade with she and he do m't , so he put the finger on I . . - miek '. that 's all swell . only you be pedale you fish brs the wrong market . I have get nothing to do woth sontinue -- continuad : ( 2 ) yorelli ( he intense excitement increase ) liston . " studsy '' burke tell I you use to not 9.Z . thet 's why I be here . do they --.- Nick ( in a tone of polite enquiry ) how be studsy ? I have not see he since I send he up the river . morelli he 's all right . he would like to see you . but lis ten ... yhat 's the law do to I ? do taney think I aia it , or be it just something else to pin on I ? fick . _t 'a tell you if I meew . but I be not in this . ask the police . . morelli ( sarcastically ) that would be very smart . that would be the smartest thing I ever do . I that a police captain 's be in a hospital three week on account we have a argument . the boy would like to have I come iz and ask question . they would like it right down to the end of they bleckjack . how I come to you on the level . studsy say you be on the level . be on the level . Nick iam on the leval . iz I know anything I would ... over the SOUND tracz there be a sound of keuckle rapping sherply can the door . morelli 's gam be in he hand before the repping stop . ' his eye seem to move in all direction at once . morelli ( with @ gnarl to Nick ) what 's ths t? - bick ( shrugging he shoulder ) thia be you party . ®he sound ef tha knuckle come again , and gomeone speak outside . guila 's voice .. ( o+ a. ) 3 pen upe Police . : , morelli . : : ( a he reise he gan to fire at Nick ) you two - timing --- - contin -- gf or toe continued : ( 3 ) Nick shove . nora 's facc , knock ner out of bed across the room , with he leat hand , and throm a pillow et morelli with he right just as morelli fire . wick aprewl out of bed , make a dive for morelli and catch he ankle . the two mom fall to the fider . norell : club Nick with he revolver , and Nick fight he with he one free bund . guila , tzo policemen.and the hotel msnager rush into the room . they pitch in and drag Nick snd morelli : apeart . close shot -- nora on floor . she ig in a faint as Nick come 's quickly up to she . ‘ke hotel manager follcw he and stand look down solicitously . wick lean down over she . bick vora ... '' nora : | she do not move . Hotel manager wheat knock : she out ? Nick I do . she be in the line to fire . ( turn , point to liuaor bottle ) Hand I that bottle . ( turna back to nor , begin work cm she ) better get a doctor . the hotel managor go quickly out . wick try to get hora to take a drink of whisky . sho open she wye . sha put she hand up to she eheek where Nick hit she . then , sa Nick watch she anxiously : nore ( indignantly ) you darn fool -= you do not have to knock I out . T know you would take he , but I want to see you do full shot -- inciuding guild , xobelli and two officer morelli be stand handcuff between the officer . guiid look admiringly at nora as Nick be help she to she foot . . continue -- not ee cea parer query gs the continued : ( 2 ) gaild there 's 8 gal with hair on she chest . &s Nick pull nora up , she look at the coat of nis pyjamas , shere 4 stzeak of olood have start to come through . nora ( for the first time terrify ) hickeae - you 'resee . wick follow she eye dom . sor the first tice he realize that the bullet hes touch hime . bick it 's all right , it just graze I . nora somecne get 2 doctor . fick there 's one come . nore . yell , quick -- get into bed . be you all right ? | bick ( go toward the bed ) " gare -- I do not even fael it , nora ttll get some towel . ( she go quickly into the bathroom } Nick get into hed . Guild come over ~ lock at the wound . ths camera pan atay from morelli . : gui well , it be close , but you be all right - yorelli 's voice ( o.a- ) sergh luck . stmt ' policeman 's voice ( o.s.} up ? over the SOUND track we hear the policeman slsp morelli 's mouth . sora come back from the bathroom with some , towel . wick put 6 towel over the wound , and sit propped up in bed . . wieck inll be all right . doe not - let 's fuss till the doctor comes» . ~ gontimue -- 9s . 95 continued : ( 3 ) nora wante drink ? Nick yeeh . nora go cut of the scene . Nick ( to Guild ) how would you people happen to pop in ? Guild we hear this be get to be sort of a meeting place for the 7ynant family , so we figure wetll stick around in case the old man himself ? shov up . then we see he , . , '' . ( be point to morelli ) : ' seesmeak in and we decide to come up . and pretty lucky for you . . . Nick . ( drily ) yes . i- might not heve be shot . Guild . we be lookizg for this tird .. : morelli theat littie rat . nunheimn -- Guild shut up ! . . ( then to Nick - indicate morelli ) this guy a friend of yours ? Nick I never see he before . Guild whatts he go of you ? Nick want to tell ce be do not kill Julie Wolf . Guild : that 's that to you ?. . Nick nothing , Guild what would be think it be to you ? Nick ask he , I do not kncw . be in Guild '' I be as you . 8 continue -- rer Nick . keep on ask . guila ( to one of the policeman ) we will frisk the dump . _ Nick not witheut @ warrent . Guild so you say - ( to policeman ) ge on , Bob . the policeman stert to search the room , Guild decide to change he tactic . ' : Guild oo listen , Mr , Charles , I guess we be beth of we go about this wrong . I de not want to get tough with you , and I guess you do not want t2 get tough with I . there 's just one more question I go to ask you . are. you go to swear to the complaint of he - shoot you ? : Nick that 's another one I ce not answer right now . maybe it be a accident . . : nora come over with the drink for Nick . ske hand it to he , as she speak . nora ( to Guild , indicate beb ) what 's that man do in ay urewer ? Nick , hearing this , cho ke on he drink . bureau ~ closzup . Bob be search in the drawer of the bureau . he find the pistol that Nick leave there and . ping it to Guild . camera pan he cver . Bob here you be , Lieutenant . Guild take the gun , look et it and turn to Nick , Nick - - not know whesher or not the gun be evidence , be slightly spprehensive , he watch Guild closely . : ' : Guild have you get a pistol permit ? Nick no , Guild ever hear of the Sullivan Act ? nora ( a little confuse about she different act } that 's all right , we be merried . continue - oe ee _ oe we saemernrner =e y wc wee eee vey 79 Guild give she a sharp icok , and turn azain to Nick . Guild this gun yours ? niet Guild Nick , I will have to try to remember . Guild oke . there 's plenty of time . I guess have get the ask you a lot nore question than we count on . merly come up tomorrow when youfre feel better . ( he turn to the cfficer and morelli ) Neo , whose be it ? come on . the four man go out . calera move up for closeup of nick and nora , she be sit beside Nick on the bed . nore I wish that doctor’ : come . how do you feel ? Nick he will be here . give bim tine to get he trousers on . where 's asta ? ( call ) . : asta ! asta ! cur to : foot of bureau - panning on asta . as the dog come slowly out from under the sureeu , look a little scared and shameface . he come towerd Nick , jump on the bed beside he end lick he face . - : . Nick ( to asta} you be a fine watch dog . - 's nora , he 's get more sense then you have . '' thank Heaven you be not on this . Nick ' on itt I be in it ...t they think I aia it : nora well , do not you ? Nick throw a pillow at she , quice fane . - 78 , of fade in : . . closeup gf christus thee . it 4s noon . the sum be stream in . wost of the balis on the christme tree have deen break . there be one lerge tall still intect . over the SOUND track we hear tke sop of a a@irrifle . the dig ball splinter . the camera pull back to show Nick lie on the sofa in a dress gown , with the air rifle in he hand . he use only he right hand on the rifle . across he chest , on the leave , there be the indication of bandage underneath he pajamas . on the floor beside he be pile of newspaper . the telepnone be on a tabis near he hand . - the recom be litter with . tissue paper end ribbon from the open Christmas present . there be a breakfast table at one side , with the emptied dish cover by a napkin . nora be sit smoking . ske be wear a very lovely fur cost oven nen . o6g. ae . she be read a tabloid newspaper , tee dent . @ oeadiine and picture of which exploit the Julia Wolf murder . Nick . nlook fondly et she rifle ) this be the nicest present I ever have . nore put down she paper . she come over to Nick on the sofa . she hes a bunck of holiday telegram in she hand . sre stert to pick up the newspaper which almost ccver Nick . she have a very lovely wrist watch on . Nick see it -- take she hand and examine it . Nick it never see that before . nore no. it 's a Christmas present . niok who give it to you ? nore you do . . Nick you must admit I have good taste . nor laugh . - nora ( indicate newspaper ) finisk with this ? - continged : continued ( 2 ) Nick . yes . I know ell they enow about the murder . and I be a great here , the tribune sald I be shot twice . as he talk , nora throw the papers to the floor and sit dow at the other end of the couch , put she slipper foot comfortably in Nick 's lap . she start to open the talegran , ' nora I read you be shot five time in the tabloid . . Nick : that 's not true . he never come nesr ay tabloid . ( he take aim again with bis gun ) that 's one thing I always protect ... my tabloid . as he be just ready to shoot , the camera pan over to he target . it be e lerge balloon that asta be chase around the room . we bear the " yop " of the rifle and the balloon ex - plode , muob to asta 's astonishment and chagrin . asta stert look for the lest balleon . back to : nick and nora - closzup . fhe tele phone ring - Nick reach over ' and pick it up . : Nick ( in phone ) hello .... send he up . nora who 's that ? Nick macauley . nora read the telegram and hand they to Nick at the other end of the sofa as she finish . he take they as she give they to he , and throw they on the floor without look at then . nora {as she read ona ) season 's grueting . the mallcery , ( she hand it to Nick .. she be distress ) I forget all about they . she open another teleeram . Nick throw the first to the floor . he look at nore in she 99 ec . continued ( 2 ) Nick . be not you hot in thet ? nora I be stifling , but it 's sc pretty . ( she hand he another telegram ) the kirtys . . Nick : ( take it and drop it on the floor ) be that another Christmas present ? . nora . _ ( smtle at hin ) yes . Nick do I give it to you ? nora . yes . again thig be news to Nick , but he take it philosophically . . Nick I be spoil you . she tickle hin with she foot . then she hand he another telesram , which suffer the same fate . '' ick cock he gun again , prepar - ing to shoot . nora have open enother tele - gram . her manner charge . . nore Nick , listen . from slyde wynant ! Nick put down he rifle , all attention . ) nora read it eloud ! . " nill you take charge of investigation on Julia Wolf murder . communicate with Herbert macaulay '' . Nick ; . ( put out he nand for it ) lett see . where 's it from ? nora nlook at it as she hand it over ) Philadelphia . ( Nick ts examine the telegram . the dcorbell ring . nore start for the . ° door , talk as she go ) tren ke do not de it , do not , Nick ? Nick ( thoughtfully ) I do not kmow . ~ continued : al. contiicrd ( 3 ) nora ( still on way the door ) but he woula not ask you to handle it if he vere guilty . - Nick - you guess be as good as mine . nora oh taka it ! flease take it ! by this time she be at the door . she oven <he asor to if 8y . nore , oh , hello , ' some on in . . : '' macaulay good morning . I be efraid this be not a very " merry Christmas " for you . nora oh , ‘he 's sit up . macaulay good . macaulay come in and go to nici . Rick how be you ? . macaulsy ° I hate to bother you when you be laid up.ee . Nick , that 's all right . asta , delisht to see a visitor , jump ell over macaulay . '' macaulay be a little discon - certed by 411 this attention ... . nora astal astat come here . ske throw a ball and the dog chase it out of the scene . macaulay sit down near Nick , - asta come becx into the scen be devosit the bal . near maceulsy 's chair and stancs look eagerly ud st nine - nore asta - do not botner Mr. maceulay . - maceulay that 's all right . | 82 . continued ( 4 ) he lean down and throw the ball for asta . beside he on the flocr be a miniature fire hydrant . he leek down at it , . macaulay whet a delightful tey . Nick lock down and see it for the first time . . . Nick oh , it 's a fire hydrant . . nor yes . it 's asta 's christmz present . macaulay , a little troubled , look down at ft , and then unostentatiously move he leg and he chair cut of the danger zone . asta return , playfully and affectionately , with the bald bgain . macaulay , with a force smile , throvs it for hin agein . then macaulay turn to Mick , reach in he pocket for a _ telegran . . macaulay I get word from wynent this morning ...« nora ( correct herself - indicate nicis ) I mean , sherlock here . so do we . Nick hand maceulay he telegrem from wynant . macauley read it end lock at Nick . ' mecaulay what ere the chance of get you to do what he want ? : Nick slin . . nora oh , please , nisk . : macaulay : woula it help any if I could persuade he to meet you ? it mfght . Nick macauley he give I a code message to insert in the Times , in case I want to get in touch with hin . Nick it would not hurt to put it in . continued : 99 continued ( 5 ) nora beem . the telephone ring . Nick pick it up . . mecauley I have do that alreedy . he should appear , you ymow . it do not look well ... , he stay away ata time like this . : Nick {in telephone ) ' hello ....0h , just a minute . . ( hold out the phone to macauley ) Police department - macaulay ( he look surprised but take the phone ) hello..e.s ( he face change ... he be startle ) where ?. in allentown . ( he sonsuit he watch ) . yes ... when be the next trein ? right - I will get that . ( he slowly put up the phone and turn to Nick and nora ) : wynant 's try to commit suicide . they want ms to go down and identify he . . ( slowly he pick up he hat ) well , I guess this change the whole story , do not it ? that look like a admission of guilt . and I hed such hope . I think if you get on the case , you would be able to clear hin . think that mimi .... the way . she act ... I be sure thatecoe - . ( he sigh ) oh , well , well ... it 's no use think of it now . I be sorry to have waste so much of you time . ee go quickly out . nora look after hin , anda then turn tc Nick , she be evidently depressed . nora _ well , that 's that . ( Nick get up off the sofa ) lie down , Nick . Nick it 's mot go tc hurt I to . get up . . nora all right , hard guy . get up and bleed on the rug . , Nick walx over to pour a drink . nora sit down and asta come and put he head on she kmee look sadly up at she . continued : y 108 continued ( 6 ) nora ( patting asta ) what 's the trouble , asta ? you balloon tusted ? so 's mine . : Nick ( to nora ) what 's the matter with you ? nora . the mystery 's all go . and I want you to find out whe do it . Nick ( over he drink , casually , as be . gharacteristic ) maybe I will . nora + ( surprised ) but wynant --- ? . , Nick I do not believe he do it . nora why do not you ? Nick no reason . just a hunch . but I be go to find out . . .( he start to untie nis robe ) I be tired of be push around . nora se t ofeel she jaw - stand up suddenly } be be Nick . come cn , Dr. Watson , we be go place ! as be stride into the bedroom , nora stride in perfect imitation aftar he . dissolvz to : qxterior entrance , normandie hctel . Nick and nora coma through the door , they have asta on a leash , Guild step up to they . Guild ( beam at nora} geod morning -- continue -- | 700 as sontinued ( 2 ) nore goed morning , Lieutenant - ( asta tullis she violently toward the '' . re goss after git , cat of toe '' scen Guild and Nick foliow nora more slowly to the curd . Guild ( to Nick ) . you ought not to play this trick on I . running out when I be give you time to rest up betcre I ask you that question . . Nick you mean ebout that gun ? Guild : that be not a gun any more . the fire pin 's bust - the - ( ha break off ) do not waste time talk ebout that . they join nora . she listen eagerly , not : take she eya from Nick and Guild . rough the whele scenc , es they valk down the block , when asta cull on tha leash nera stop with se . ock at 4539 . a Guild Men to man , Mr. Charles , be you work on this case ? hick Men to man , I be act . nera but he 's interested ! Guild * . I do not mind tell you , I would rather have you in on the right side . Nick you mean , not on tiynant : 's side . continue -- 1co0 be continued ( 3 ) + Guild I would rather heve you work with we then against '' use Nick so would I , Guild ' it 's a bargain then . the leash locsen up end start to pull nora ahead , ' the t7o man guicxen they sveo to kee ace wich she . ( iney be walk along a@ suiet street in che East fifty , so that there be not much traffic , and not many people . ) - . Guild do you know about the case ? : Nick , I have read the papers . Guild then you know about as much as we dd . Nick . what about the suicide ? guila . : on , that 's a phoney ; the man do not even have to go down . Nick L. think it might be . from now on , they be go to think that every thin man over six foot with white hair be wynant . seein the-leash pull nore cver to the curd . Tre three , witaout interruct they conversation . stand still , waive . nore do yeu think that wynant do it ? cuila look like he plame something : he shut up he apartment and he shop . Nick you have be there ? comiincep erm continued ( 4 ) Guild yeeh , could not find a thing . this be the way we figure it . ' yrant go tc Julie 's apartment . he find morelli there ... see she 's two-tine hin . they have a fight . 2ut he figure he do not want to do anything then .. , . ilorelli mignt squeal . so he go away . he do not let he lawyer know any - thing have hapren ... he let he go ahead and rand over money to Julia to give to he , so that jule will think it 's all blow over . then , when she de 's expect it ... he let she have it ; asta complete he investigation and stert off down the street again ... the three follow ing hin , . Nick no proot ? . : . Guild nothing yet to cinch it . . Nick pifty will get you a hundred that he do not do it . . Guild what do you mean ? Nick 's for one thing , '' he be too absent - minded to hold a grudge . : guill . who 's you candidate ? mivk : I bave not get that far yet .. but I do not think that everything point to wynant . wheat about the alibis ? Guild they're all 0.k.. Mrs. jorgensen , the boy , dorothy , macaulay ... even morelli ... 7e have to let he go . Nick what about jorgensen ? Guild - I ?ll check on that . ( he turn to nora ) I be afraid this be kinder dull for you . . nora dull ..- I be sit on the edge .of my chair : asta see another hydrant and make for it .° but nera be too interested to stcp . she drag he ene . '' continced : inf to trmnmnpenin minim tree ap wathnene boi ae ! 100 tor continued ( 5 ) Nick what about this nunhein ? Guild gh he 's all right .. fa know all atcut he . he do a little stcoling for we every once in a while . Nick do you know he be hang eround julis ? - Guild ne. Nick he 's hold . out cn you . Guild ( have not think qf this ) let 's go and see .. . ( he motion to e pess taxi ) . tari. . . 4 taxi drive up . nora start to gst in . Nick . this may be a little reugh ~ you would better let we ge alon . nera cate I let you go alone ! she climt determinedly in , pull asta after she . Guild start to follow , but Nick pull tin awey . ee close the door of the taxi and speak to the driver : Nick ( to driver} grant 's tomb . - . the cab start orf . nera sheke she fist back at nisk . Nick charmingly lift nis hat and throw she a kiss , as Guild hail ansther pess cay , dissolve to : outside dcor of ninheim 's afartuent , it be the fourth flecr of a dark , damp building . the noise cf the Sixth avenue El 's can the hear even in the haliwey . Guild and Nick come to the @oor , . . gulld encek . there be sound of hurried movement insid ths room , then a _ Voice call , in a irritatad tcne . oentinue = 69 . sof continued ( 2 ) ro nunhein 's Voice ( 0.3.} . : _~ who be it ? . Guild John . numzeim hastily unicck and open the door . t es Bas no ceat on = he be evidently frighten - ed . . . nunhein I : I be not expect you , lisutenant . you say : gould phone . } a Guild touchss Nick 's elbcw with he hand , and they 6 in . + ' : ! 702 live roc of sfartment . i. . the room be shabty and dirty , with clothing , i ' newspaper aud dirty dist sit around . ' thrcugh en open doer , the bedrocm , with a : . unmade bed , cen ce see . in a alccve there ~ 4s a sink end a stcve . marian be stand oo there with '' sizzling skillet in she hand . she be wear a rucple pink ktmono and . fray pink mule with lopeside bow on then . ske stare sullexly at Guild and Nick as they . - come in . Guild do not introduce Nick to . nunkeim , cr even lock at karian . ee keep he hat on , and Nick , see he , fclows he example , Guild push some clothing out ef the way to make 9 place for himsel ? at the end of the sofa . i '' Guild ( to Nick ) sit dew . Nick remeve some newspaper from a rock eheir and sit down . nunkeim go cver to ty a table where there be about two inch of a - whiskey in a pint bettle . : : nunhein have '' shot ? raila - whet 's the idea of tell I you just imewn the wolfe girl by sight . continue - ) ( ox 906 continued ( 2 } nunbeia : that 's all I do , Lieutenant , that 's the God 's truth , maybe I say helle tc she o> how sre you or somthing like thet zken I sam . she , cut that 's all I kcew she , that 's the trutae ( marian leugh cnce , derisively . sut there be no mirth in she face . nunheia _ twist around to face ker ) all right . eut you mouth in end I will pop a tooth out of it . marien be that sol she swing she arm around end let the siilist fly at he esd . it miss , crasring into the zall .. nimhein start after she . marien pick up 's pare kmife . Nick put he foot out , without rise , and trip hia .. nunheim fell to the flcor . . Guild cut it cut . we do not come here to watch you two rough-house . nunhesim slowly get up . marian start for the bedroom without look at any cf the . nunheia she drive I nut , she 's be rag mar all Guild . maybe tf you quit rumning round sfter other woman you would not have so much trouble with this one . nunhein ( for marien 's benefit - loud ) that 's a lie , Lieutenant .. , dnybedy that say - that be a liar . Guild ( to Nick ) - want to take a poke at he ? . . . nunheim ( scared , to Nick ) I do not mean you , mister . > continue - marian gee into the vedrcom and shut the docr , Nick come om , new -- she can not hear you - nunkei= well ... ( lceke toward the donor of the bedrcom ) you know kow it as , 4a guy mock round try everything , Guild | you would do better to have tell I that in the be - gin . where be you the afterzocn she be kneck cei ? . nunheim ( terrify ) you do not think I have anything to do with it . . , galla where be you ? marian ceme cut . she be in street clothes ane be ccarryine a giitease . . nunhein marian 's . marian I dante like creek and even if I do , I woulé a't like ereok that be stool pigeon , and if I do like ecrcok that be stool pigecn , I still woulé zot like you . a : marian start for ‘he outer door . nunhein try to follow marian , tut Guild catch he ame Guild where be you ? nunhein , marian ! marian} De m't go} I will temave ; I will do anywn : be not go , marian : marian gee eut and shut the der , pay nce attention to nunheiz , numheim ( to Guild ) . . let I get let we bring she back . I can not get alene without she , I will bring she right back and I will tell you anything you want to mow , let I ei . Guild . sit downs we do not come here to watch you and that bread dance arcund a May pele . where be you the aftarnoon the girl be kill ? . continced : et ee i 102 a 92 , continued ( 4 ) nurnheim put he hancs over he face and be - gin to cry . . . . sunheizn I can not remember off hand , Lieutenant . maybe I be over at cherlie 's shoot pool ... maybe I be here . . sha would remember ..: Guild how would you like to be throw in the can cn account ef not rememter ? nunhein just give . I a minute ..... 2'2l remember . ' I be not stalling , Lieutenant . you know I alwey come clean with you . I be not stalling -- oa ( he have bis heed in he hand try the pemerber . Guild look at Nick end wink . '' nunheim look up , relieved . he snap - he finger ) gee , it would serve I right if you have pinch I ... that 's the afternoon 1 wes . , . wait , I will show you ... % he get up and quickly go into the bedrcom . ° Nick go to the telephone and start to dial . '' Guild start to searck the room . Guild well , what would you think ? Nick I think we be on the right track . Guild who be you salling ? Nick I be call you office so you san send cut a man to trail he . I want to see where he go . Guild ( astonished ) tra il himt Guild look et niek , who be grin . Ze then grasp what he mean and = ke 2 . bee line for the be¢room .. in 3 second he come daok , be teke tne phone from Nick . Guild ( sheroly in phone ) . Bill , tell the boy to pick up nunheim . he just leave here - go out the fire escape — ~~ he look sheepishly cover toward Nick , past dissclve to : 103 104 93 , closeup cf nuneed ! - a tslesrcne bccte . nunheim be taleing into the telephone . as he talk , he watch the outside of the telephone booth to be sure thet no one ds listen . his zcice be quiet but there be a menace urgency in he tone . nunhein listen . they_been questionin 's I again . ask I what more I know . ' where I be thet day een wait a minute . I duck cut on tem , now if you want I to ploy dumb , I want fi ? thousand more ... fit grand and I will skip town poa ane ewmsle ?oeoe 0.k... right away ... see that you be there enc have it with youe be hang up end turn to 2 ° out , dissolve to : STREET in the west forties . nunkeim jump cut of cat , pay the driver . tt drive off . the street be desert , by this time it ts about five ofelicek and the early winter twilight have fall , we truck and fan as nunheim leck at the number of the house . 4 little way up the street he find the number he have be lock fcr , he walk into 2 daz % gccrway . just 2s he steve wa cistol sact anc e@ ash of tise fren tne aun . sunnele throw bp eis nena , staczer ? ormara to the be fenc ciuzching ss hear . ner dissolve tc : insert -- a bundle of clothes -- all that ms left of cne arteur nuneeim : the hend cf Nick ané Guild be examine the alothes as se come in . Nick have take 4 ecard from the inside coat pocket . Nick 's Voice ( over insert cf card he hold ) '' Arthur nunheim -- honorary member -- " camera full back rapidly ncw to reveal guild office at police headquarters . guila be throw down seme letter and stuff he have extricetec . continued : ~ ) no 105 ics 1607 continued ( 2 ) guila not a thing . Bob , the ' policeman , ceme in . Guild ( look ug ) find out about that bullet yet ? . : Bob yes , sir , it 's from the same gun that kill tulte weir . there be a secona of silence . Guild and . Nick look at each other . . Nick ' and how be you folk ! ' the telephone ring . Guild pick it up . his face beam . '' Guild ( in phone ) . how be you ? -- no , we do not get a thing . ' {he hand the phone to Nick ) it 's you wire . Nick peach fer the phone , smile . closeup -- n0 r4 af fean . she be in the jorgensen apartment , but in # room by herselr . , she speak softly . she shink she be stiil telking to Guild . : nore well , I have get something , lietenant . I have be do a little detective work of my om . that flat foot I marry think he 's smart -- but I and one jump ahead of he . back to : closeup on nick , he play straight in he best manner . Nick ( kid she ) nora 's Voice ( through receiver ) do you hear I ? . um ? Nick ( grin ) how 's grent 's tomb ? = 's back to : . J prne . fu 1cs closeup on nora -- F she start at tais , recoenize Nick 's wolse . again she stick up hes nose , a little ekaracteristic of hers in matter concern nickie . then she snap : nora it 's lovely . I be heve 2 copy cade for you -= : back to : 109 " close tho shot -- nick and guild . . e _ Nick leugh , then -- seriously : Nick _ what heave you get ? nera 's voice come through , but she be evidently speak in a low whisper and the word sre inaudible . - Mick can not heer you -- Little louse --- = ( a alert look come inte he eye as he listen closer , get mhat she be say . . Guild , too , be interested . ) we will be right up ! ( Nick put dom the phone end turn the , Guild ) she 's up at mimi's . jorgensen hes disappear . the two man rise . : : flst dissolve to : 120 . closeup cn mimi -- her bedroom . she be seat face Nick in she bedrocn , al - though in this open aissolve we do not reveal he . we hold cn mime as she speek hysterically . . Mini Chris may be at the club -- or somewhere -- I do not see that it 's important -- Nick ( voice 0.5 . ) you should have tell they he would disappear . camera pull back to reveal ter room now as mimi jump up .. Nick be seat , guesticn she . dorothy hover behind Nick . continued : 110 continued ( 2 ) minti ( she manner and tone more distrait but he have nothing to do with it : . . Nick that 's not for you to decide . everybody 's under suspicion -- especially run off like this -- ( he pick up a picture of jorgensen from . the bureau the police will want he description . be this a picture of bim ? — 's '' mimi try to take the picture . . mimi I tell you -= he do not do it . . Nick : they will want more than you word for that . mimi . ( come forward and speak slowly ) all right , then -- I will tell they who do do it ! 0 dorothy ( with horror in she voice ) mother ! . . - mimi ( pay no attention ) and I will give they proof : derothy turn and go quickly from the room . jesuecnn cantynrurncenmrameneomeve wee uu baltmay of apartment . dorothy ccme out of the bedreom , blind with horrer at what she mother be do , fora minute she stand there , try to collect herself . Andy come from the live roc , where he have be wait for she . he go to she and take she in he arm . she look up at he . Andy ( with tremendous pity in he voice ) . dorry ! for a minute she cling to hin , ory . dorothy oh , andy andy dorothy , tcantt help it . you do not know.se . { _-- contieued : \anetennnerente deen umcmae arenereeesanmntsre ( : . do not ery . 112 contliver ( 2 ) _ Andy ( protectively ) darling , you can not go through any more of this . now you get together some clothes ang you skate and wetll go out to my tezily 's in the country . doretky ( she stop cry ) I can not . ' Andy you have get to get you mind off this . derethy ( she pull herself - together ) e you be sweat , but the only thing thet you can do for I be to go . : — andy get . dorethy . and do not ever try to see I again . anay : what be you talk about ? . dorothy ( with rise excitement ) please ! you can not get mix up in this . 2 a do you think I care ..ve ? . derethy you do not understand , you do not know what 's go to happen . . andy I only know I want to marry youe .. right now , and << dorothy I can not marry you ! I can not ever marry you ! . Andy rorcthy ! . dorethy ( hysterically ) how would you like the have a couple of little murderer for you child ? it would be fun , would not it ? maybe shey would murder each other ... keep it all in the family . that 's what tather should have do . he should have kill I and Gilbert .... then we would not bave have this to go through . andy you be talk like a crazy person . dorothy why not ? I be crazy .... the whole family 's crazy . Andy . i. deorothy .... listen to ze . I leve you . do not you understand that ? I love you . doroth : go axeyt '' v cur to : 112 live riom = shoot tovar Ball . nora and Guild be wait fer Nick , gil - bert be sit with a large tock open in = —. nis hand , cocrcthy 's voice come through . ~ . Te three in the live . rocm can not help but hear . . derothy 's Voice ( o.s. ) 7 go awey } . & door slem . aniy be see walk slowl 4 : fest ane z iving room cctr. on mis way cut 5 of the avartment . piberz zet uo and ( 's ao08 quickly cut. sore lock at vuila end : sigh . nora sleuthe be not all fum , be it ? I feel so sorry for that poor girl - Nick come in with the phetograph of jorgen - sex , which he have teken from the frame . Guild oo Nick she 's ready to talk . ( he hand Guild jorgensen 's photograph ) it will not do any harm , though - to find out where : he be . . o~ . cUr to : get anything ? 115 dorotey 's bedroom . dorcthy be lie on the bed , face down . Gilbert walk up to she , he big book still ia he hand . gilher yeu know , you be wrong about all cf you child be murderer . I have study the mendelien lew of inheritance and thelr experiment with sweet peas , and accormieng to they finding ... and they have deen pretty scnslusive ... only one cut of four of you child will be a murderer . so the thing for you to do would be to have just three child ... . _ ( then as a think come to he ) .. veem0 , nec , that might not work . the first one . might be the bad one . I will have to look that up . by this time derothy get up . she have a defiant lock on she face . dorothy you need not look it you . iI fm not go to get | - marry and I be not gcing to have any child , from new on , I be just cause for the ride ! back to : ssrn : 8 eee nee fer Mt sreemeteremmeersay 114 " 118-129 Wed vee au se be mimi be show Guild the match chain . ' ick be watch she clesely . nore be tense with interest . , mimi ( she voice quivering with force emotion ! I take this from she hand . it 's Mr. wyneant 's watch chain . ( Guild take it from she ) I want to protect hin . she break into tear . Nick leook over at she sardonically . Guild watch ner with evident sympethy . Guild get up , put the watch chain carefully in he handkerchief . Guild . I guess thet cinch it . eh , Mr. Charles ? he kill they both -- Julie Wolf ané nunbeim . Nick fifty will still get you a " munare . Guild this be enough for I . : fast dissolve to : series of cuick dissolves ( a ) police Rap announcer at microphone . announcer galling all car - call all car ~ cover all road leave city - pick up clyde fynant - clyde wynant drag - net - pick up -- etc . ( > ) g&te ~ grand central station . a policeman stand at the gate scan the passenger as they go thrcugh . ( through this and ensue vignettes , the dull voice of the Police announcer continue over the flash . entire effect design to ex - eitingly dramatize the spread of the net for the capture of clyde wynant . ) ( c ) & printing PRESS . it 1s run off police plecard announce the reward fcr the capture of clyde wynant . ccntinued : oe eee ree '' 115-119 continuee ( 2 ) ( 4 ) teletyps macene . over the machine 1s come : — ~ '' " wynant want -- match ali station -- boat and road -- description - thin man -- six foot -- white hair , etc. , ete . '' ( e ) newspaper truck -- STREET corner . newsboys be crowded around the back of the . truck . a man be hurl pack of latz . extras down to the boy . they immediately begin call out : : newsbcys " extra «- extra -- wynant want in second murder -- " five Star final -- wynant 's ex- wife produce mur ] der evidence -- " " extra -- extra -- deuble murder charge against wynent -- " : picture of wynent , most of then full length ( for the desire effect of the tall , - . thin man ) cover the front page .- second acd third truck can back into the scene , if desire . necessary , dramatically , to kick a up the idea that che chase for the «iller 4s tnerease to fever dest . dissolve to : 120 close shot on ncra - at window , she be at the window cf they bedrocm in the hotel normandie again . we process through the window to get a background of Central ' Park , South . on ' SOUND track from below xe get . a carry - cver of the newsboy ' " extrat extre : " '' from precede effect . one shrill voice be hear in relief against the other . it be shouting : " extra -- extra -- police hunt wynant -- " nera listen for a seccend and . then shut the window , turn eway from lv. CC nora . . I wish they would stop that . it make I fidgety . De you think they will find he , Nick ? he must be in New york. sece : " ( she stop short as camera pull back o~ and she see Nick be in he overceat , pend over asta with a leash ) where do you think you be go ? Nick I be go to take asta for a walk . conti iued > :3 a sp te ae ae pn soot a a ee 120 comtinued ( 2 ) camer pan on ncra as she go forward < 0 he , we eold for 4 close shot cn the TW . nora he 's just , teen for a walk . Nick we be go sightseeing -- be not we , asta ? he start to go -= but nora put a hand on a bulge in he overcoat pocket nora what 's thet ? : ( she put she hand in and pull out e . flashlight ) what be you up + 0 ? ( she put she hand in agein and pull out a bunch of sikeletcn key ) nickie - what be this ? . Nick . I have get a hunch . I be go down to look et wynant 's shop , I want to find out why it 's close . 's nora why should not he close it ? he go away . Nick be go avay lot of time when I imew he -- tut he never close he shop , I have get ea hunch something be up . nora you mean , he might be hide there ? Nick . I do not know . this thing hes get my goat . I have get to find out .. nora . : Nick - I will not have you go down there . ee 's a erazy man . he might kill you ! ' niek - : m I 'lz be all right . . I have get asta to protect I . nora ( wave hin out ) go on = go on ~- see if it care . but it 's a dirty trick bring not all the way to New York just to make I a widow .. : '' niek ( kid she ) I know you - you would not be a widow long . nora you bet I wouldnt 's continued : er ag ee tee eo a tr rn Nick -- not with all that money . : c nora : eae ? -~ you acg ! : Nick ( kissing she ) Goodbye , darling . nore ( cling to he and for the finst_tine resi t seis nickie - take care of yoursell , will not you ? : Nick ( lightly ) ' nore do not say it that way ! say it as if you mean ith : '' sure I will . Nick ( with mock solemnity ) why , I believe the little woman care . . nora — T do not care -- I be just use to you , that 's all -- . ( Nick give she en affecticnate hug and a kiss . ee call to asta . nera turn to the dog , try to hide she emotion under a pretense.cf clowning ) . if you let anything kappen to hin , you will never - wag you tail again : - dissolve to : ~~ @ 121 exy . of wynant shop - lighting effect .. ° the strest be desert . the light from the street lamp be very dim . 4 e2b drive up . before the shop . the door of the cab open an3 Z asta jump out . Nick follow he , still in he evening clothes . he turn to pay the driver , who be look dubiously at the neighborhood . ' Driver sure this be the place you want ? Nick this be it . yy Driver ( look apprehensively at the street ) you do not want mar to wait , ac you ? Nick no thanks . on Nick pay he . Driver ( with one last look , he say dubtously ) to fell - ... good luck ! continued : wy 0 enn eon lane ce — 121 ' continued ( 2 ) he drive off . the street be cuiet . niek ro '' . turaus towerd the shep . Nick end aste stand on side by side fer a second lock up at the pbuild . Nick ( to asta ) ~ ready ? well , let 's go . he go to the front door of the shop . he try it . it be lock . from he pocket he take out a ring with skeleton key on it . holding he flashlight on the key hole , he finally find the key thet open it . he push the door slowly open . he helé it cpen , look back at asta . Nick you keep quiet now . come on . we eee ene ee pene ene wt I regent ser " but aste do not like the look of the plece . . but _aste doesnt 1 se 2 ss be doesn 's + move . Nick smoc fis pinser ‘or he to come end asta fingliv . reiuctantly follow he . nna — , 122 interior build -- trucking and panning on Nick as he make he way down the nerrey little hall , guide by he flashiisht . asta trail , still reluctantly . Nick be . familiar with the old tuilding so tkat he do not lose time in reach the rear , - where he go down the step , cautiousiy , . to the basement . ; . 123 . machine seop and storeroom in basement - long shot . ( this reom lead to wynant 's private work - shop as establish earlier . ) Nick move steubhily through the storercom , flash he light here and there on crate , pox of machinery , etc , it be a weird : '' , sgene . 4t any momat you must feei that wy - ( : nant , or some foe , will sore from behind ao the object . ( his figure be mostly in ssilhcuette during the scene . he flash '' nis light in quick , short flash . ) gm 124 close trucking shot -- nick and ast . he continue he sautious seerch , and finally . get down to wytent ' 's cwn shop , where we Fran he in and he begin search the place thoroughly . ee give up , have find continged : 12 '' cwite bv lol nothing that will help he . ee be start ie ~ out , when he miss asta . he call hin : on softly . we heer the dog whine . Nick ( to asta ) well come along , thele - sce ro still the dog dee not come . we hear hin , whine sgain . Nick flash he light eround wmtil it light on the deg .. asta be in the center of the flocr .. be have he ear back . he ts sniff st the floor .. Nick , keep 's he flashlight on asta , come beck . . he lean down to the flocr , run nis hand over the cement . : niok ( softly ) you be not 2 Scottish terrier . you be a police dog . New , cement . he get up briskly and leok around , use he flashlight , to find a tool . he find a iron bar . place the light so that it fall on the floor , Nick teke the iron . bar . he pound on the floor . over the : place where asta be whining , the cement : . give cut a hollow scund . Nick take thre '' , bar in both hand , throw he whole strength ~~ into it , try to force it through the fleor . it finally gc through . Nick lesn down . and 2 startle , norrify 20 cK ccue be race . ae put acwn tne oar , piss up «std , who be fletten on the ficor , watch he , tax he flashlight and go quickly toward the stairse be clint rapid - 125 crane shot -- flight of stair leading to wynant gffice cn third yloor .. ( as esalidr establisezd .} : he use he fleshlight to find he vey . the . statrva veing 2s clé as the building , creak / 88_ ce welkse we continus 10 chale until a6 - teaches the third floor -- enter the old ( oo office ... 126 : wmant' cffice -- full shot ... oo all be pitch dark es he follow he flashlight to the telephone . be dial the rumber , . then extinguish the light .. . continued : Nick ( ia telephone ) 2 this 4 to eellc wutezent Guild , plaese ... jonn ? this be : : meeestt same up ia Zynanc 's shop . well , I have Zound ( . something ..... it 's a body . he put down the telephone . use nis flashlight , he go to the desk and begin to leok through the papers there . 127 effect shot -- camera ST bottom of stairway , : shout uf . -- sn the figure of a man as it be quietly go up the same stairway that Nick take , slowly go toward the cffice . he have no light , but ty he unhesitate step , we gather thet he 4s familiar with the building . ' the . step creak a little . back to : Le an ee 128 wynantns cefice -- clcse shot on nick . he be still rumeging over the desk . suddexn - . ly he stant rigid . he have hear a step . of : . he put out he flashlight and whirl aroumeé ~~ to face the decr , at this instent , camera swing cver to : 129 the docr - 4s the man 's figure appear . as he start + 0 come in , Nick 's flashlight be throw full on he fece , blind he . we see that it be tanner . Nick 's Voice ( 0.8 . ) stick them up tanner , terrify ty the light and the sharp command from the dzrkmess , put up he hand , asta begin to bark , Zeeping the 7 light full on tanner 's face , Nick swiftly ee search he . setisfy that tanner have no gun , Nick go to a electric light switch . Nick ( as he do this ) do not make a move or that iog will tear you to o~ shred 's . he switch cn the light . tanner look in , blink emazement and fear , first at Nick , and then as -~ . : oo he have crawle under the desk and lie there , look out fearfully . back to : medium on nick al tanner . Nick grin a little at astat fear and tanner 's bewilderment . : : Nick ( to asta ) ' come on out , now . he will not burt you . . ( then to tanner , with a return cf he brisk , professional tone ) back to you old trick , eh , tanner ? tanner no , Mr. Charles . Nick how 4id you get in here ? tanner I have a key . I work here . still they close ' the shop . Nick you work here ! tanner yes , sir . Julia Wolf get I 4 job as bookkseper . Nick 4 well , that 's '' hot one , you a bookkeeper ! when be you ever a bookkeeper ? tanner ' that time you send I uD lastee . I learn book ~ weep . I figure it might be a in for I somewhere . : Nick somewhere where they might go out and leave the safe open ? . tenner honest , Mr. Charles . I never touch that safe . they bond thet be miss ... Julia take they . Nick try to put it off on she . : tanner Mr. Charles - she do - that 's why he get sore at she and killei she . listen , Mr. Charles --- ( he pull cut some bilis ) I do do a little ehisele . I come to bring it back ... and fix up the book . I do not want he to find out and come after ms - continued : wen — ==£= i ee ms 131 contimued ( 2 ) Nick . you can save thet and tell it to the police . oom they will be here in a aisute ~ tanner - . ( a hunt look come into he face ) Police ! : he shrink back , aghast , `s at this moment we hear the sound ef siren from . police car arrive outsidee . 132 exterior wnanth shop - strezt - night . there be 2 rise erescendo of siren 45 Guild 's police car , and the Medical examiner 's ear swing around the corner , accompany by & motorcycle escort . they pull to a stop at the trent of the shop . the police and gr . Walton , with he assistant , get out of the ear and go to the door of the puild . there be police photographer with they . Nick , with tanner in he custody , be waite ing at the door of the shop . = ~ dissolve to : 133 wynant 's shop ~ basement . the fleor be dig sp more then in the last scane , so that the body be expose encugh for the photographer . Guild , Nick , Dr. . Walton , tanner ang the rest of the police stend aside as the photographer take they flashlight picture from different angle . Guild be put on & pair of glove . Dr. Walton be prepare so do he work . Nick , 4n he evening elothes and he casuel ' air , be a incongruous note in the midst of all they professional axcitement . as the . photographer finish , Guild step uD to the hole in the slcor . fe turn to tanner , @ho be watch , horrify . - Guild ( to tanner ) you do not know anything about ali this ? - tanner ~~ , no , sitese . guila ( to one of the pelice ) make he down to the calle I 'li. see he later . ~ 125 cont liuel ( 2 ; the pylicemin ges out with tanner . Guild - look down int the nole . ~ Guild ( he give a low whistle ) '' wher ! I vonder what vynant hed egeinst this one ! ~ Quick lime . well at leest thé clothes be not touch . o™ . the Medical examiner comss up and stand be - - side hin . . Guild @ mind if I take that out , Dec ? dr- Walton go ahead . - _ Guild steop down and take out a bundle of clothes . the camera pan with he as he take they over to a work table and start to open they up . Nick stroll over and stand - watch hin . : . Nick : ( leok at the bundle of clothes ) just roll they up and threyv they in . wy Guild oe on lucky thing for we they be not . in that lime . Nick extraordinarily lucky . - Guild pull a coat from the pundle , it be a large coat , slightly eat by . the line . Guild pick it up and examine it for a tailor 's label . Guild . . no = no identification - — : ( he hold the cost up ) must have waiehe two hundred and fifty if not . weigh a ounce . Bob ( o-s. ) .. here 's something . a , Bob come inte the scene . he. hand Guild @ welcing stick . Guild take it and examine . Guild ( look at the stick ) rubber tip . he must have be lame . of ~ Bob wao would not be .... carry that weignt around . Guild take the trousers and stretch they out . : : . ccntinued : dor 8 stott + rumen cme cepte '' 5 arete te Te 133 '' conrinue ( 2 ) Guild ( to doctor} stand straight he 's bea about five foot eleven , would not he ? . . Doctor 's wwice : ( 9 ,8 ) about . there be a belt attach to the trousers = Guild icok at it . he find some initial engrave on the silver buckle . . Guild ( read frot the buckl ) 0 .7.r . " . ( not turn to Nick ) that case you work en ... the guy woo threaten to kill tynant ... anet be he name ? Nick rosewater . : Guild could this be he ? '' miek cos I naver see he , I do not think anyone , sa he . Guild he say wynant try to steal a invention , do not he ? Nick . yes . but we figure it be just blackmail ... Guild - just the same , wynsat would not mind heve he out of the way - would he ? ( he turn to the Doctor ) how long should . you say this pody would be here , ce ? the Doctor come into the scene take off he glove . . Dr. Walton I can not say offhand . at least 4 couple of month .. . Guild : . couple of month . that 's just when fe close the shop . tne way I figure it be ...ne kill this suy and plant he here - Julia know about it , so he will she . and nunheim catch he at thet , so he have to bump off nunhein . . he make a bundle of the clothes ) well , we will be go along . _ {to wiek ) you do a sveil job . you would not like +o pay . I 's that hundred now ? : '' Nick ( smile ) wait * z . ait ' till you catch fynant continged : iso ie eat ed guile ls — , oney . 4. cr ( he start out , but turas tack to sey ) y ao give my best to the wife . Guild and Bob go out . Nick walk over to the Medical examiner @bo be put on he coat , preparatory to go . tne hedicel examiner speak to nis assistant , inédicst the mapped up vody , out of the scene . . Dr. Walton syou can take that out to the care Nick go to run he through the florosccpe ? / Dr. Walton yes . . : . Nick mind if I come with you ? Dr. Walton ( pick up nis bag ) not at all . Nick I be very interested in that tody . of , they start out . '' ~ . dissolve to : 154 closeuf of floroscops . ( Police Laboratory ) the light of the fleroscope cone threuch the skeleton of the body . the Medical examiner 's hand come into the shot , point - ing to a dark spot in the leave side of the pedy , near the heart . . Dr. Walton 's Voice ( 0.8.4 ) there 's the bullet he be kill with . see ? . Nick 's Voice ( 0.s. ) what 's this ? . C his hand come into the shot , point to 2 . : - smaller speck in the shin bone . the camera now pull back to show the two mer in Dr , Walton 's laboratory look at the body under the florescope . Dr. Walton look closer . o~ , '' Dr. Walton ch , just a old piece of shrapnel . a idea come to Nick . he be piece thing together in he mind . ccntinted : serene er moon 5 seca 134 . ccutliue ( 2 ) Nick pos shrapnel 's . '' pr. telton ( stiil inspect ) oo must have be in the war . that mignt account for the cane and nis linp . Nick ( think ef something else ) co yess . oye se : ' as wz be dissolving to : 135-139 series of effect flash -> tsind murder -- : folicz drag - net . in terrific tempo , with the elongate shadow of the thin man teaind tae flash , we bring in , kaleidesetpically , police teletype -- radio broadcest -- telephone and telegraph -- . ' wireless -- radio car , etc . Chief among this effect be superimpesed cleseup of police and detective chief as they talk . into phene , fire they order . by the . nature cf the unito swear by the sol tan-nunt 1s sall gi cit be newspaper leadline , tablvid , etc. , scream out : '' " fyiit sunted in thisd mor -- der -- " " eynant victim burizd ix baselent < < " on : '' horror wurder lad to wyh , not -- " wuynant body number three o0g up in cesgnt -- " etc. , ete. ' also , on scund trace , through radio and telephone , we hear eontinuous voice as . they report : " # ynant see here -- wynlnt . see there -- " etc . '' this be voriepich shot , and conclude with thrill flash of autemobile . be stopre= ed on road by traffic officer , squad car racing to and for from neadquarters , atc . dissolve through to : 140 closeup of 4sta . : the dog be stand on . a table . the camer. . pull back to show the live room of Nick 's CC suite . the reporter be on Nick 's trail - : again , the floor be litter with newssaper . nera , in a negligee , be be intervieved by a ' scb sister 's , Nick be near the table where the drink be , surround by reporter . a newspaper photographer be take asta 's om picture as he stand on the table . cont inged : 146 continued ( 2 ) photesrapher . ( snepning he tingers down near the floor ) hey. doggie , g@oggie . look down at the vody ! look down at the body ! ( asta look down at the man 's hand end the flashlight flere up . the photo - grepher hurriedly go to Nick ) now , Mr. Charles -- ist reporter ( to photcgrepher ) get that out of here . photographer just one family group . . sob sister itta be lovely for the woman 's page . Nick go to stand beside nora , and the photographer put asta in nora 's arm . the reperter follow Nick , ask he quest don . ist reperter : have the police get any idea where wynant be ? : Nick no . . ond reporter to you think they will find he ? Nick I know they will . the flashlight flare egain . Nick move awaye : 3rd reporter get anything else to sey about the case ? Nick yes . it 's put I wey behind in my drink . he start for the table where the liquor be . lst .. reporter what about this rosewater ? Nick ( pour himself a arink ) sorry . dentt know a thing . . 2nd reperter ( to photcgrepher } come om , let 's get it in . . ( to Nick ) thenks , Nick . the reporter all start for the dcox . owe ist reporter that 's you next ster , idek ? Nick on right back to califurnia . we have get to go home and rest up from we vacation . ist reporter of we will see you before you gc - ~ they all go vut . cam=r move in for close panning shot . e nore ( disappointed ) 's back to California ? : Nick my scul , woman . I give you three murder anc you . be not , satisfied . nora I want you t stay and find fynante Nick {out of a clear sky - over he highbal2 } I aia find bint nora * . what éo you mean ? Nick ( between avallow ) he be down in the shcpe nora nick : Nick it be he pody that be bury there . nora Nick , you would petter lay off that liquor Nick that 's a fact . the peay ? nora ( uneble to believe she ear ) jynant 's pedy 's Nick ( mixing ancther drink ) Le yup , do not you want something to eat ? ' nora but they all say it be rosewater 's . . Nick ( go to the telephone ) ~~ that 's what they think ... Guild and ell of then . they take it for grant thet it 's just another of wynant 's victim . ( not take ' uD telephone ) 2 Guild 's ager eet at it jercube now , look ror ynant . that 's ali he 's worried & cu tied : have egermmnrnsecegeecereenapeee 240 UV ne data ( ed nera that make you so suze it 's wynaent 's bedy ? cc . oo Nick . several thing . ( he speak into the telephone ) helle , Fred . we be husery again . yeah , and lot to of onion . oh , and coffee . nora Nick , you will drive I crazye - what thing ? . Nick ( put up the receiver} buh ? . nora what thing . make you so sure ? 's Nick ' on. well , the clothes for . instance . they be ' oarefully preserve , and she body be just es earefully destroy . the person who kily hin . count on one thing ..- that all skaleton look alike . nora well , io not they ? . Nick , . sure . : he take a drink from the glass in he hand . nora goes.tco nim and tax bis drink from hin . ners bear you ae not get ancther swallow ' till you really cper up ° Nick ( speacing quickly , anxious %o get he drink back I remecher that tynant have some shrapnel in he shin . it cften bother he . so I look for it and I find it . ( he reach out he hand for the glass} gimme . nora mechenizaliy give he back he drink , she mind cn the significance of what he have . tell she . S nora how long have he be dead ? . Nick couple of month anyway . '' _ - nora then he ccula not have comnit that other mur - der . - niek : smart gai . ccnutiiv= : ee sandra a oem , mmy temmaceet ceee eee te tt . — va 140 continued ( 5 no wynant deac 's ) rarr ( hardly able to ( then with @ sudden thevsht ) dee dorothy mor ni no . nebody but you . . nora start , wo 2 ek for ' the telephone . be , I be .going to tell she . Nick { nora 's do not do that . Neo but the poor kid 's hey ...hey . ni I can not help it . even tell Guild . no : ni I want to lie lov do not want to g° why not ? ne top ) rarr , ( protest } velieve it ) 's go erazy .:- sheté rather know she father wes dead than thatecs ek ( interrupt ) I can not tell a soul . rarr ak I aiaa 'ot till I get the whole dope . TI off half - cocked . be T wheat be you go to ao ? . no I be go to get a idea . go to ok see I take hin ? nora ( thrilled ) yest Nick get & nice evening dress ? nora ( impatient ) now wick , what 's that get to dc with it ? Nick ( insist ) get a nice evening dress ? nora . I have get . al lu -- why ? Nick . a party , end invite all cf ? I be go to give the suspect - nore 7 the sustect ! they will not come . the reel murderer . I have get . continued : gee ee SE eee ou lly tort ed , | es comet sgt eee a ET 126 i . * 142 * oo % I o™ _ just 2 minute - continued 6 ) ue miex oh , they will come . '' etll heve guila issue tke invitation . ( he stert to telephone ) nora the do yeu think do . it ? , hick Mini ... nora ( break in , amaze ) . mimi 's Nick ( continue ) mimi , jorgensen , morelli , tannoreser ( to nora ) what be you do on the ninth of June ? ee grin into the phone . , fast dissolye to : privatz dine acm I ? HOTEL . Music of e smail stringe orchestra be com ing from the adjoin balcony . 4 table be set in the background for fourteen people . ' the waiter ere cuietly put the lss touch to the teble . the head waiter be pass around @ last tray of cocktail . cater , thick with he as we pick uo she arent cgeris . I go first to ancrew who be stacd by himself , very forlorn leok . then to mimi , tanner and Gilbert , who be a ' little isolsted grour . os .n0t know ing what be go on , and lcoke very suspiciously at the other guest . he go on to 9 group moe up cf nora , Guild , marian and morelli . nora be hang cn the two men' rerd , the head waiter go on to niek and macaule7 . bead taiter ( to Nick ) shall I serve dinner now ? Nick Nick look toward the doar . he broak avay from macaulay and goss to the docr . the camber , pan with he as he go . 4 detec - sive be just come in the door . continued : | | | | ) se ture ET eee be 14 . continted ( 2 ) 7 detactive ( tc Nick ) we get tem . pickei ‘em up at the pennsylvenis staticn , - . " ( he turn to the door ) - come on in . + lforothy and guinn some inte though room . they have both be ¢rinking . quinn be angry and reluctant , to some in . uinn have a suite ease and derothy a little dress - case in she hand . cserethy be defiantly gay . she have quite thoroughly carry cut she threet to go " out fer the ride '' . 's Nick . hello , dorcthy . ( Nick reach out and tale she beg ) derethy hello , niski -- — {she leok around the roem ) and a party - celebrate father 's thir murder - ( ner tono be bitter ) mimi 's veice ( e.s . ) derethy : dorothy and cocktail ! Sne walk toward the drink out of the scene .. Nick ( the quinn ) why the bag ? quinn neue of you business . detective they be try to make '' get -ansy . quinn ( a4runk end belligerent ) we be doing nothing of the sort . whet 's the idea of this ? Mick do not hes . | . \hé indicate the detectiva ) ive you my invitation ? quinn you can not get away with this . the detective be close in cn he , . Nick you be perfectly right . _ ( to the detective ) take the gentleman 's coat and bag . : : ccntincel = phe detective start , 20 = 7oc gently , + 9 take ainn 's ct from nia . 142 close shot - dcrott and andy forothy take 3 aarink from the waiter . andy start toward ter . . dorothy ( to andy ) tis be a pretty dead punch , be not it ? : andy 's you be high enough . terothy Way not ? Nick come up to she . derothy ( to Nick ) you know , you interrupt I at a very important : point in ay life . I be about to take my first false step . : ( call to quinn ) come on , quinny . let 's dance - she walk eway from ancy and Nick .. ) . , Andy ( to Nick ) I be get out of here . Nick ' no -. I need you here . andy ( glover at quinn ) it I stay , I mow l'il take @ poke at he .. Nick then I insist thet you steye . cur to :: 143 morelli , guild and winlay marian I want some more of that tiger milk . _ she start off to get another drink .. morelli look after she admiringly . . morelli ( to Guild ) o~ I think semeboéy could do smaething with that sluck if they take nold of she right . . guila ( drily ) yeah - by the throat ! cur to : — a egy emer cea fenton ) see ree 2 , tare | ee etatetetetennnread 1441 C ~ > 145 3 sk - _ medium shot near table , versus nora be near the dinner tatle with guilé beside she . ' marian , vacaulay , Mini , Gilbert , tanner ani morelli be nearby . nera ll think have may eas well git down . Guild ( look around ) I guess ull the suspect be here . thera be ea second of stunne amazement on the people 's face , nora Mr , Guild mean guest ! ( court nese ) oh , there be two more to combe Guild : they will be here . - of not worry . my cen be picke ing they up . nera ( beam at bim ) you be a greet help t a hostess . I wish ft always hed you for my dinner party , nora start to seat the guest . christ mimi ( look toward the dcor ) } vist she walk repidly out of ' the seene , and w2 pan with her to the : docr ™ay . . . jorgensen and 2 woman heave come in the door . she be 's hard - face , common cman , who look as if she could handice any situation , they be stand there , angry and belligerent . there be a couple of piain-clothesmen vith the . Nick I be Nick Charles . how do you ao ? mimi rush up to jorgensen , mimi Chris , where have you be ? she stop as she see the other woman . cne of the plain-clothesmen speex to Nick . plein-clothesman : sorry we be late . sut they have to get into they clothes . continued : yee ee ces cemeene wee cee awe eee 145 ° continued ( 2 ) mind oristle at tis . she give the woman a wither look and waik cut of pm the scene hiex watene sith greet amusement . hick ( to jorgensen and the worm n) wo not you come in ? a the txo reluctantly come further into the : yo. room . Nick follow they , rub he hand rt : with : delighted anticipetion of the scene to : follow , ths camera fan wit he as he go to the table . the people ere all seat '' with exception of mimi , jorgensen and the woman vith he , and Nick . nora be watehing the new arrival with eager interest . Nick look at she and give she @ proad wink . Nick ( turn the jorgenser} Mr. jorgensen , you sit next to Andrew , and Mrs. jorgensen on you right . . both mimi and the seman who come in with jorgensen , start for the chair which jor - gensen be holainz . as they find themselves poth go for ths same chair , Mini drevs herself up with great dignity . mimi oe : I be Mrs , jorgensen . mimi start to sit . . the woman ( drily , as she point to a empty chair across the table ) put it over there ! I be Mrs. jorgensen before you be . : mimi look at jorgensen , bewilder . but he tefuse to meet she aye . the other wcman sit down firmly in the chair . Nick , from _ the head of the tablu , salis to mimi . Nick mimi ... eyou be here on my right . . he hold she chair for ber as she come and . , sit dom . tha waiter start in immediately oe . to serve dinner . cur to 146 close shct : nick and nora . Nick hold nora 's chair for she . . nera you give such charming party , iir . cnarias . : . 's continued : cte tmt no te - 146 contnwer ( 2 ) Nick thank you , dir . cherle - nore sit - she shisper to fick . nora I can 's wait any longe >- tell I , do you think one of they aid it ? . Nick yes . nora L wish you would tell I who . Nick I wish you would tell I . Nick sit down at the head of the table . cur to : 147 mestum shgt : table . note : the seating of the table be as follow : . Nick : Mini - nora . quinn macaulay derethy tanner : Gilbert lst Mrs. jorgensen morelli : jorgensen marian a andy Guild Nick look up and down the table . mimi : : this be all very pleesant - but why be we here ? Nick I have get some very important mave - I have see wynant . | qaer a ‘urn ané lock st he with curiosity . mild lonk amaze . imi be very composece Guild you aid mimi that 's nothing . I see he myself . Nick and nora exchange look . nora be te- wilder . : _ Nick you. do .«. whare ? cont iyued : compete ee ee ee ee re uti a ET nat a eee mee ner eee ene he ts SE 147 — ccrtiive ( 2 ) misi ( airily } 23 last night . he come < 5 3 I at by apertment . on . Mick ( with meek sincerity ] oh , 416 he ? what aid he say ? - , mint be do not say very much . fanted the know how I ves i and how the child be . Guild ( infuriate that wynent slipr - ed through he finger ) ° whet icind of clothes be he wear ? mint a brown suit , brown shoe and & white shirt enc a grayish tie wita red , cr reddish brown fisure 62 ite : Guild ( over he shoulder to Bob , | who be stand behind he chair ) tell ‘em . . ( Bob go guickly out ) . Gilbert I see he to0 ... he be wear '' green suit with a white tia ... = mint a what be you talk about , Gilbert ? you be not there : Gilbert I meew . but I see he - Guild ( to Gilbert ) where do you see hin ? Gilbert iwas geze in my crystal . nora ( to waiter ) serve the nut - I meen , serve the guest the nut . Nick I be afraid you be lie , mimi . yeu see , I resliy 4id see wynant least nizot . guile ( amaze ) be you kid ? : Nick ne , vo . guila | : mar -! Way do not you tell I ?.... why do not you hola bin ? Nick because I find out for certain that he dian 's commit the mirder - continued : 147 cowtenue ( oi dornthy { sober ) he aiaa 's ao 1 % -- del om . mecrulsy ( puzzle ) } : waat do you meen ? . ) : Gilbert ) * together. lid then who do ? } co tenner } { do you mean to s8y.e + ? eat . ) Mini that 's ridiculous . ? Guild let he have he say out . Nick morelli - ( morelli jume tortle . _ everybody cook at nim ) you know sity be she gping tynant ? ' morelli ( souerbat relieved ) she do not say she be , but I figure she be - oe ahead aan emma ene the . Nick why do . you say thet ? morelli onee I wmnt five erend << ( snap he finger ) . Cash - . Nick ~ thank you . now I '11 tell you why I know wynant @id not commit that murder - ( he turn to morelli ) Three month ago - the night that he catch you in Julia 's apartment , he founé cut that Julia be cheating he , .. ané be split with some man . be go +o find the man . that mag be eo ee lanner , - do not youss ? : {dut_poor tanner think thet Nick {3 peme oso 25 th ) ten soitil of 135 goud oi lver turus and look susuic ck see tuat née 265 startied o1 m od + a olokize ) I be sorry . tanner , ‘ae not you want some wine ? asa cana ewan ie the be inet hr ant deem raine a >? ain i tanner ( turn snd see the waite ! in back of he ) no 22.00 e : yo tne waiter move one nera ( to Nick ) '' j you be go to 4rive I erezy continued :. ee ee ee es = : ee ae 14 ? continued ( 4 ) ntek ( return + 9 he sudject ) C lot 's seae , .nhere '' ™s i? 0 b yes . ha go tc i ' find the man . taet men. be descerst he know that he be ceugot dead to rights -- and with : prison stare yim in the face , he oor the only wir way out . he kill wynante i a 7 { wick turn to dorothy snd speak gently , try to soften the blow ) it 's terrible to tell you this my , put you father 's deed , dorethy : ~ * ‘) derethy ( at first she eamet «rasp it daad ? . Nick : he 's be decd for three month . from the table . nora start to go to she , but Andy be there before she . he take dorothy in he ern , oblivious of the other '' people in the room , and cenfort she . . '' . she break ¢own snd cry . she get up andy _ darling , ac not cry . plarsoe I know it 's terribla . but be not it really better this way ? 4 . dorothy : ( put she am ground andy ) oh , Andy , andy ! nora come to theme nora ( to andy ) you would better taka she home . you hous . d&udy look over at niek . Nick motion nim to take she sway . Andy come on , darling . with he arm around she , he start out of the room , dorothy cling tc he as they go out . quinn get up t? follow . there be 2 dience in the room for e minute after trey mm silence in the rou ree oa eee nora ( to quinn ) ; if she 's go wrong 107 , she 's go wrong right . : Nick come into the scene . , | pe , / Nick ( to guinn ) I do not think we need you any more now , '' i be éeeply sorry that I spoiled you tripe ~ — quinn . gret bis tet ard coat and bag - gue out . Nick and nora return to the table . continued : 14 ? yo arian : enensstan vente pe canara metal @ serene sm al apiramantanen es a aarre 2 ° se 4 yon ahenkisniveabs we noe ameh eg ner we ene ner ed J '' a caren dottete aouTrncse ( & ) Nick come on , everytedy .... drink up . ( to jorgensez ) you be not eat . it have not affect Mini 's appetite . . mimi because I do not teliev that clyde 's dead : hy , you say yourself you sav bim last night . ~ . Nick so I - aia . . I see he lie pury in he shope Guild you mean that bedy -----7 nisk o< wag wyrant 's , " mami ferfectly absurd . Nick Ana the murderer be right here in this rocm to - night .. he 's sit at shis table . ( to waiter ) . morelli you be not go to pin this one on I . lok plain-clothesman get back there ! morelli ( sit down ) what be I ? tne fall guy ? Nick ( to the table full cf people ) now , please - I hope you will not let this news spoil you dinner . ( he turn to nora ) Nice food , be not it ? nora ( all eye ) it 's the best dinner I evar listane to - . _ Gilbert you be net go to keep we in the dark , be you ? tell we -- ¥ko be it ? . . continued : < poner 147 continued ( 6 ) '' t do not know ( there be wear ecensternation at thet ) but I think if have all have a little get-together we might the able to find out . I will tell you 4s puch as I meew . go right on eat . this aurder - er be @ vary clever ten . he study this thing out very carefully . you would understand that , woulen 's you , giltert ? : Gilbert ( startle ) what ? - yes - 20 - Nick re plan the whole thing seautifully . atter he kkeille nynant he wire macaulay , use wynent 's mame and tell he to shut up the shop . he des - troyeé all of wynent 's clothes , with +. the ex - ception of he gateh chain : he figure that some a@ay that might come in handy . then he take wynant 's becy ané bury it in the shop with another man 's clothes to throw we off the track . he evan put a belt buckle with en '' R " on 4t , hope ing that we would think it be rosewater -- a old enemy of wynant 's who arcpped out of sight year age . ( he lock over at morelli ) morelli - would you mize hold you knife another 7a you be worry Gilbert : morelli , who have be hold nis mife as if it be a dagger , give Gilbert -@ @isdainful lock , and shift he nite ) . nora ( softly 9 Nick ) : if that knife be miss , T 'li leek for it in you pack . Nick after we hero have ill wynant , he gct 8 orilliant idea . he realize that he and Julia cow still collect money . '' wynant wes suppose to the oo a trip - no one know where - so we dinner quest write letter tq mecaulay , signing wynant 's name ; so that macauley weuld continue to send the money to Julia . he even telephone macauley -- ( to macaulay ) be you remamber ? , .. the first dey that you come to see mé.. she telephone that he be in town ? . macaulay . ( puzzle ) but it mst have be wynant I should heve know if it be not he voice . . Nick oh he be clever about that . he call when you be out . theat same afterncon , Julia telephone to he : she say thet you be come , mimi , to esk about wynant . he get terrify . he wes afraid thet : Julie would breek down and tell ....s0 26 go to ' . Julia and kilted she and leave rynant 's vateh chain in hand she hand . cur to : eee cr we ee ee ET ree 143 close shot - this hee oe hick take 4 drink . mora ( lsan lose -- shisper ) -~ be that true ? _ Nick I do not know . ' nora thy be you say it ? " Nick 2 ritt the only way it wake sense . norse I nope you be well . : back to : 149 medium shct of tabl Nick . his pian be still workin= peautifully . fynast be establish 43 teing in town . the vetch chain 7 as randed ovetee - : " ( with a 2 ook at Mini ) ~~ een with & slight g@el2y ...to the police . the only friteh be @ man name nunheiz , sho hed find out somete . we here pay munbeim cnee to keep bis wouth shut , and wheo nunheim threaten hin again , he bump bin off . '' cur to : % 150 lose sct morelli 25d marlan mariun ( to morelli ) and I do not bleme yous morelli ( terrify ) what ao you s27 thet to I for ? : Guild ( to both ) shut up - back to : ' qe 181 able full 4g. in - cunning tow . wieck ( to the peopie ) . @ you see , not would peen very clever . everybody , even we estute friend Guild , shought that wynant be alive snd that he be sho murderer . but we hero hed just one weak link in nis chain . the teloetom , wire 254 telephune be all very continced = a rr sl ee 182 ccontrwed ( 2 ) . . Mick ( cont would ) oa. well - tut no one have see wynant so not pick on poor Mini here to strengtnen he esse . mind ig the only one at this table who can tell we who the real murderer be . ( everybody jook at mimi . Nick turas C to she ) ~ mimi , who be it that tell you to say you would see wynant ? mimi . nobody toid I . I do sea he ! '' Mick that do he pay you , Mini , to stick to that story ? ' , mimi oe it be not @ story -. at 's true I eid see fynante be 's not dead i Mick . i you be lie , mimi . sut then , you would do anything '' for money . you be get 2 good price for seye ; ing you see fwynant and you figure yeu vo not get | anything i? he 's dead . of , . mimi \~ Tim not go to stsy here to be insulted - {she start to go - bus stop to listen | to Nick as he continue ) Nick ( to macauley ) . macaulay , you draw up wynent ' 's sill . mimi 728 cut off , ms not she , if she re-merried ? : macauley li have no right to answer thats Nick - wheat about it , tanner . be not that the truth ? tanner . : that 's what Mr. wynant say to I . if she be - marry , all the money be to go to the ehnild . . niet t you should not let thet keep you trom sell the '' truth , mimi . Mrs .. jorgensen ~ ( he speak to the womsn gith jorgensen ) be you ever divorced from Chris jorgensen ? the woman no . ' continued : soinereparemee eve 2151 continued ( 3 ) Mick ( the bombsneli purst } L ~ so you see , mint , under the lav , you beventt ren merried . you be still ono of the heir . what be you hold out for ? «a faw crummy dolier that that man give you amhen you can get the mmole . astate ? remember the ether $ 70 ho be in with cc fim on this .».cvita and nunheim . ' hen he think they might spill something hs bump thon off . you ought to kmow dann meil that he 's not seing to toke any chance on you . what do you want to 40 ? be noxt on bis list ? mimi ( furious - £ 9 macaulay ) you dirty son of % b-- -> : Nick ( to Guild ) what ao you want I to ao ? weep he in gellc - phanc ? : 4 oe pasr ane . 182 - fade in : : cio up - four champ_gke glass , the glass be hold up by four hand . we dissclvs thrcuch they to show the draw rocm of 2 trein . dorothy and nora ere sit face aach other , aéress in robe and loung pajame , and andy snd Nick be sit beside thsm , also in robe and pajamas . Nick be pour champagne from 4 bottle into the four gless . the draw zoom be full of flower . Nick put dom the bottle and hold up he glass in @ toast . BOX Nick ( speak ) to you two . andy and to you t7o toce the four . raise they glass in a toast and drink . there be 3 buzz 2 % the doer . — comet 1350 . 152 continued ( 2 ) ° ~~ £ good -nature2 eclorec porter stick he - head in the decor sna speak to Nick . portar cc you room 's ready , sir . . ° Nick . . thanks . you can take asta n0w . ' Nick hand the porter asta 's leash . nora go over to the couch of the draw roca where asta be lyipa asleep . sae pick hin up. . nora ( to aste ) you be go to you niece little bed in the baggege care , she nend the dog to the porter . 4s the por - . ter be start out , he see dorothy 's bridal bouquet in the bracket in the corner of the draw room . . porter . ( to dorothy , point tc bridal bouquet ) ef spall I keep they fresh fer you ? dorothy please , if you will . the porter take the flower and asta and . gee out . there be 4 pause . simultaneously andy and Nick snesk 2 look at the wrist watch . «dy look up and catch wick look at bis . Nick be embarrassed but determinad to call orate attention to the late hour . . Nick might as well set it ahead new . Nick start to sut he watch . nore lean over , be startle to see now late it be . . . nora ve grecious ! one o'clock , we would better g0 - she loan over derothy and kiss she affectionately . ; . nora : o~ goodnight . , it derothy cling to nora for a minute . derethy : I can never thank you encugh for all you have we go . , — 153 154 forget it . continued ( 3 ) cv nora ( affectionate1y ) hick ( to anéy and dorothy ) goodnight . goodnight . thera ere mingle * zood night " as Nick and nora so out the coor . ag soon as the door close , Andy take dorethy in he srus . indy ( smile -- shy ) I think they would never leave . ee kiss derethy affectionstely . cur to : nick and noona' dravdg room . Nick be close the doer of they roum . as soon as it smiv shut ... ethsy be in each other arm . : wick ( smile ... but 10 % shy ) I think you would never leave . asta . they kiss . 's cUr to : bsgglge cir -- fanning on pcrter . zs he enter , iste in one ara , flecer in the uther he be about to put asta dowa eon the blanket for the night shen he stop -- look 0.8 , caisri fns over to shev anether dog of the seme breed a3 asta in a smsil erate . the dog be lock up at asta osger - ly . and asta 's car go up arma he tail pegin to wag as he antiscipnte the possi - pility of transeontinentel romencc . porter ( get it ) -- meet fifi -- ind he put ast : into the crate with fifi .... place the bridal 3cuquet cx . . top of the crate --- turn and shuffles out as we be -= * fading CUT . | -the end -