the descendant written by Alexander Payne , nat faxon &amp ; Jim rash 1 ext . the ocean - day 1 close on a beautiful 40 - year -old woman at the helm of a powerful speedboat -- she hair toss back by the wind , she mouth in a euphoric grin . fade out . 2 credit -- archival footage 2 matt ( v.o . ) my missionary ancestor come to the island and tell the hawaiian to put on clothes , work hard , believe in Christ , and stop surfing and hula dance . they make business deal along the way -- buy a island , or marrying a princess and inherite she land . now they descendant wear bikinis and run short , play beach volleyball and surf , and take up hula dance . hawai 'i have always be a place of contradiction . 3 ext . honolulu - day 3 various shot of honolulu begin a pattern of montage to be intersperse throughout the film . matt ( v.o . ) my friend on the mainland think just because I live in hawai 'i , I live in paradise . like a permanent vacation -- we be all just out here drink mai- tais , shaking we hip , and catch wave . be they nut ? how can they possibly think we family be less screw up , we heart attack and cancer less fatal , we grief less devastating ? Hell , I have not be on a surfboard in fifteen year . 4 int . hospital room - day 4 we zoom back from a panorama of honolulu to find 50 - year- old matt king seat amid document atop a makeshift desk -- he have bring he work with he . ( continued ) 2 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 4 continued : 4 matt ( v.o . ) for the last 23 day , I have be live in a " paradise " of ivs and urine bag and endotracheal tube and six - month - old US magazine . paradise . paradise can go fuck itself . Matt look up at the woman we see in the speedboat , now lie stiffly on a upright hospital bed , she head cocked to one side , a feed tube in she nose , a ventilator in she trachea , ivs in she arm . matt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this be Elizabeth King , my wife . twenty - three day ago she be launch from a powerboat during a race and hit she head , almost drown . now she 's in a coma that score 5 on the Glasgow scale and 3 on the rancho Los amigo scale , score show a extremely severe coma . Liz be very competitive . whatever she do , she do to the fullest . 5 int . neurologist's office - day 5 Matt be get the current diagnosis . neurologist she react non- purposefully to stimulus in a non-specific manner , but occasionally she response be specific , though inconsistent . her reflex be primitive and often the same , regardless of stimulus present ... matt ( v.o . ) it be exactly what Elizabeth use to accuse I of . 6 int . hospital room - day 6 Matt continue to observe she . matt ( v.o . ) twenty - three day in a coma , and any day now the doctor will give I they final verdict if she 's go to come out of it or not . then I have a decision to make . wait , that 's wrong . Liz have a live will . ( more ) ( continued ) 3. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 6 continued : 6 matt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) like always , she make she own decision . but I know she 's go to pull through . his cellphone ring . matt ( cont 'd ) hi , noe , what 's up ? noe ( on phone ) Matt , you have a call from scottie 's teacher . she say it 's urgent . matt yeah , sure . put she on . 7 int . elementary school classroom - day 7 a scrapbook show photo of elizabeth lie in she hospital bed . the composition be odd , the angle uncomfortably close . wide -- Matt confer with fifth - grade teacher ms . hayashi and school counselor mrs . thull . ms. hayashi we just do not think this photograph be appropriate for scottie to be share with she classmate . some of they go home quite disturb , and we get some angry call from parent . matt yeah , she 's sort of be go to town with the whole picture - take thing , but I have no idea -- ms. hayashi I can not tell you how my heart go out to you and you family , but scottie just have not be herself . principal Cruz agree with we that it maybe would be better for scottie to remain at home with you during this difficult time . matt Home . see , I would think that stick to she normal routine would be the best thing for she -- you know , keep she occupy . I would not really know how to ... ( more ) ( continued ) 4. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 7 continued : 7 matt ( cont 'd ) I mean , I have kind of get my hand full . and she sister 's away at school on the Big Island . I do not think scottie would really want to hang out with I when she could be with she friend and people like you who specialize in child . mrs . thull Mr. King , we see this every day -- child act out at school when something 's wrong at home . and you family be face a devastating crisis . have you be engage scottie in really talk about what 's go on ? encourage she to express she feeling ? that 's crucial . matt ( no ) oh , yeah . yeah . absolutely . scottie ( o.s. ) ( sing ) this shit be bananas . b-a-n-a-n-a-s. this shit be bananas . they look over to see -- ten -year-old scottie king -- earbuds in place and in she own world , dancing just outside the classroom door . a janitor down the hall eye she suspiciously . scottie ( cont 'd ) this shit be bananas . b-a-n-a-n-a-s! Matt stare aghast at this specimen call he daughter . the lady glance between scottie and Matt , wonder when , or whether , he will intervene . finally -- ms. hayashi scottie , that be not a good choice ! be you make a good choice ? scottie remain oblivious . Ms. hayashi rise to she foot . matt ( realize ) yeah , scottie , come on . knock it off . 5 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 8 ext . elementary school - day 8 Matt lead scottie to the car . matt what 's the matter with you ? show that picture of Mom for you art project ? scottie I be a photographer , dad , a real photographer . matt no , you be not . you be overdo it be what you be do . scottie I see it in a book . some famous photographer lady take picture of she mom in the hospital while she be die , and they be consider art . that 's what I be do . matt first of all , you mother 's very sick , but she 's not die . second , you do not share personal stuff like that with stranger . what 's go on with Mom be private . scottie I be hungry . can we get burger ? matt no . scottie can we get smoothies ? matt no . as scottie continue -- matt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the last time I take care of scottie by myself be when she be one . now she 's ten , and I have no idea what go on inside she head . she 's insane . and with Elizabeth in the hospital , I think she 's testing I . I be the backup parent . the understudy . 6. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 9 int . hospital room - day 9 flash ! scottie take Elizabeth 's picture again . matt I wish you would stop do that . and rather than take she picture all the time , you should talk to she . I be tired of ask you . you hear Dr. johnston -- people in a coma can hear you -- you know , well , some of they can . it let they know they be still love , might even help they wake up sooner . and it will help you express whatever feeling and emotion you be suppose to be go through -- you know , make you feel better . scottie I do not know what to say . matt tell she a story . scottie I do not have a story . matt tell she anything . tell she what 's be go on in school . scottie she never care about that . matt I do not believe that . what about after school ? she 's always drive you around the island . you know , gymnastics ? soccer ? scottie I do not do that thing anymore . matt ballet ? piano ? hula ? scottie nope . matt if you be not go to say anything to you mother , we might as well leave . ( continued ) 7. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 9 continued : 9 scottie okay . let 's go . matt how about this ? write she a letter . scottie what would I write ? matt I do not know . " get well . wake up . I love you . do not leave I alone with my idiot dad . " scottie how 's she go to read it ? she 's in a coma . matt goddammit , scottie , stop fight I on everything . scottie but it do not make any sense . matt you know what you mother be hearing right now ? you refuse to talk to she . be that what you want ? scottie I be starve . and I be thirsty . I want a soda . he take scottie by the hand and sit she down in a chair next to the bed . matt we be not leave until you talk to she . I will even give you privacy . recite she the alphabet for all I care . what do you want to drink ? scottie sprite . matt ok , sprite . diet sprite ? scottie not diet . regular . do you think I be fat ? ( continued ) 8. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 matt no , you be not fat . scottie I be not the model . matt it 's just that all that sugar make you cranky . scottie I be not cranky ! matt okay . I will be right back . talk . 10 int . hospital hallway - day 10 as Matt step out into the hallway , he pass nurse joy . nurse joy Mr. King , how be you ? matt Fine , Joy , fine . and you ? nurse joy I see you picture in the paper today . have you make you decision yet ? matt my decision ? nurse joy you family . about you big land . the other nurse nudge Joy to be more polite . nurse joy ( cont 'd ) what ? I and Mr. King , we be like this . matt well , it 's not really my decision . it 's my whole family 's decision . and furthermore ... ( mock scolding ) ... mind you own business , young lady . as he turn away to continue down the hall -- ( continued ) 9. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 10 continued : 10 matt ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) the whole goddamn state be follow my decision on who 's go to buy 35,000 acre on kaua 'i my family have own since the 1860s . my cousin and I meet in six day to approve a buyer . ever since my father die nine year ago , I be the sole trustee , the control trustee , so I hold all the card . why do so much have to depend on I -- my wife , my daughter , my family 's land ? I just want to hide . 11 int . hospital gift shop - day 11 a postcard show a beautiful young girl in a bikini straddle a surfboard , laugh as she 's splash . barely contain he rage , Matt stare at postcard before grab all the postcard in that rack . at the counter -- about to pay for the postcard and two sodas , Matt notice a headline atop a stack of newspaper : " activist continue protest of kaua 'i sale . " shopkeeper hey , they all the same card . you like buy all the same card ? matt this be inappropriate for a hospital gift shop . this girl be underage . why do you sell postcard like this ? this be a hospital . this be not get- well card . the shopkeeper blink at the man weirdly accost she . shopkeeper you like buy all the card ? or you want I put they back ? matt ( pull out he wallet ) never mind . yes , I be buy they . and this two soda . as she ring he up -- ( continued ) 10 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 11 continued : 11 shopkeeper okay , you buy underage girl all for yourself . in the lobby just outside the store , he drop the stack of postcard into the garbage . 12 int . hospital stairway - day 12 forgo the elevator -- perhaps to squeeze in a little exercise -- Matt trudge upstairs . matt ( v.o . ) Elizabeth 's go to make it out okay . I know it . it 's not she time yet . she will wake up , scottie and alexandra will have they mother back , and we will talk about we marriage . I will sell the land and quit my practice and buy she whatever she want -- a big boat , a house in France , a trip around the world , just the two of we . we will get close again , like the early day . it 's still in we . it must be . 13 int . hospital hallway - day 13 approach the door , Matt hear laughter from inside . 14 int . hospital room - continuous 14 Matt enter to find scottie on a sofa in the corner giggling and texting . matt scottie , what be you do ? scottie I be hungry . can we go ? matt you do not talk to she , do you ? scottie yes , I do . matt what do you tell she ? scottie it 's private . ( continued ) 11 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 14 continued : 14 matt you be lie . and Jesus Christ , enough with the goddamn texting ! give I that phone ! give it here ! scottie fight he as he snatch she phone away . matt ( cont 'd ) Jesus , scottie . okay , you win . let 's go . scottie spring up out of the sofa . matt ( cont 'd ) at least say goodbye . scottie bye , Mom ! scottie bolt out the door . Matt take a last look at Liz , panic and sadness rippling across he face . matt ( v.o . ) my wife -- the sportswoman , the model , the drinker . matt ( cont 'd ) would you please wake up already ? I need you . I can not do this alone . 15 ext . brief montage - day 15 image lead we up the pali highway and into the lush old neighborhood of nu'uanu . 16 ext . king house - day 16 this stately old house show sign of neglect but feel impressive and welcoming nonetheless . matt ( o.s. ) be this barb higgins ? barb higgins ( o.s. ) yes , it be . matt ( o.s. ) hi , Matt King return you call . I assume you daughter be a classmate of my daughter 's . ( continued ) 12 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 16 continued : 16 barb higgins ( o.s. ) yes , lani be a classmate of scottie 's , yes . 17 int . king house - day 17 as Matt speak on the phone , he wander out of he cluttere home office and into the dine room . matt how can I help you ? barb higgins ( o.s. ) let 's see , where to start ? it 's scottie . she 's be texting some awful thing to lani , and I would like she to stop . matt for instance . barb higgins ( o.s. ) here 's the latest one . " we all know you grow pube over the summer . " she send little message like that for no reason . she even write it on lani' Facebook wall . matt huh . barb higgins ( o.s. ) she call my daughter lanikai , imply she 's like the size of a entire neighborhood . do you think that 's nice ? matt that 's not like she at all . she 's usually very sweet . he glance out the window at scottie , who sit on the ground , back turn , pounding something with a big rock . matt ( cont 'd ) as you may know , she mother be not well , and maybe this be how she 's deal with it . barb higgins ( o.s. ) I do not care about the backstory , Mr. King . my daughter come home from school in tear . ( continued ) 13 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 17 continued : 17 matt yeah , no , I get it . I be very sorry . barb higgins ( o.s. ) scottie should be the one who 's sorry . I want she to come over and apologize to lani , and I do not ever want she to write to my daughter again . lani ( distant o.s. ) she can in a good way . barb higgins ( o.s. ) if she do not apologize , I be go to tell the headmaster . you can not buy you way out of this . Matt draw a long exasperate breath , as if everything else be not enough already . matt ( v.o. ) see what I mean ? everybody see I as the rich guy , the inheritor . people resent we . I resent we . even we last name -- King . how irritate . 18 int . matte car - day 18 Matt drive scottie . matt you need to say you be sorry , and you need to mean it . no dick around . I have a ton of work to do tonight . do you have any idea how behind I be ? you make she cry . why would you want to be so mean to someone ? scottie ( irritate ) I do not know ! matt be that what you text all the time , nasty thing ? scottie no . matt well , what then ? ( continued ) 14 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 18 continued : 18 scottie I write they with reina . they make she laugh , and then she show megan and brooke , and they laugh too . matt I should have know reina have something to do with it . I do not want you hang out with she . scottie wait , I tell reina she could visit I in the hospital since I be not in school anymore . can she ? matt we will make a deal . you apologize to this girl , and you talk to you mother , and then we will see about reina drop by the hospital . okay ? something outside the window catch scottie 's attention . scottie dork ! Matt look to see -- six family member , walk on the sidewalk with kayak , wear t-shirt read " melnick family reunion . " scottie ( cont 'd ) dork ! matt scottie , knock it off ! scottie sit back in she seat , laugh . Matt glance in he rearview mirror to see a teenage son take off he T-shirt and throw it to the ground . 19 ext . lani be house - kaimuki - late afternoon 19 the car drive down a block of modest home . scottie her house be down there on the corner . matt you have be here before ? ( continued ) 15 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 19 continued : 19 scottie yea-uh . she invite I to she birthday , like , every year . matt so you guy be actually friend ? scottie until last year 's party , when she lock I out of the house and I have to sit outside all day while everybody be inside . she think she be so great , but then I become friend with reina and brooke and get popular . matt ( processing ) what ? 20 ext . lani be front porch - late afternoon 20 barb higgins answer the door . barb higgins thank you for come by . 21 int . lani be house - continuous 21 as Matt and scottie be show inside , they remove they shoe . barb higgins I forget to mention the time scottie say she do not want to be lani 's partner at the rock wall because she do not want to fall into my daughter 's butt crack . that do not even make sense . barb now lead they into -- the tv room -- -- where lani higgins sit on a couch . Matt be impatient to be do with this meaningless task . matt scottie , do you have something you want to say to lani ? scottie sorry . ( continued ) 16 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 21 continued : 21 lani it 's okay . matt great . well , nice meeting you both . lani , you should come over sometime . come for a swim or a hike or something . barb higgins scottie , the thing you say be simply evil . do you realize that ? I do not know what 's lead you to be such a nasty young lady . matt hey , hey . we come over . she apologize . we be deal with it . kid be mean sometimes . they grow out of it . it 's a kid thing . here , scottie , you be go to stop , right ? and you be really , really sorry , right ? scottie make a big exaggerated nod . barb higgins I do not think she 's sorry at all . she 's go to keep do it . I can tell . matt no , she will not . it 's like the time lani lock scottie out of the house at she birthday party and scottie sit outside by herself . it be a mean thing to do , but lani here probably do it just to show off , right ? lani think a moment , nod . matt ( cont 'd ) but I be not about to declare that one action define a human be 's entire character . she 's a work in progress , and like all complex people be a bundle of contradiction . barb higgins I do not know about that . scottie you bring I cake . ( continued ) 17 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 matt you bring she cake . so , I do not know , maybe lani should be the one to apologize , since this incident may have be the catalyst for all this ... " evil " be the word you use . 22 ext . lani be house - dusk 22 the door open , and Matt and scottie pause to slip they shoe back on . barb higgins oh , and Mr. King ? matt yes ? barb higgins good luck with the sale . Matt turn to look at she . so that 's what all this be about on some level ? barb higgins ( cont 'd ) they say you decision will have a major impact on hawai 'i 's real estate world , not to mention the whole landscape of kaua 'i . hundred of million of dollar , yeah ? matt Big decision . barb higgins my husband 's family be from kaua 'i . hanapepe , bear and breed . they hope you do not sell . matt you do not say . barb higgins all the traffic it 's go to make . Matt and scottie walk away . barb close the door . matt be you go to act different with lani ? ( continued ) 18 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 22 continued : 22 scottie I will try , but it 's hard . she have a face you just want to hit . matt yeah . 23 23 int . matte study - night the camera make its way past photo of Matt 's ancestor , book of Hawaiian history , other family memorabilia to find Matt at he desk pour over paper . a clock read 1:20 . matt ( v.o. ) my great-great- grandmother be princess Margaret ke'alohilani , one of the last direct descendant of King kamehameha . she be originally suppose to marry she hanai brother , but she fall in love with she haole banker and estate manager , Edward King , whose parent be missionary . between he land deal and she huge inheritance , all of they descendant for generation have watch the past unfurl million into we lap through lease and sale . now the rule against perpetuity be force we to dissolve the trust , and we be sell the last parcel of undevelop land . Matt look up , he glance fall on the portrait of Edward and Margaret . matt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) soon my daughter and I can just be normal citizen like everybody else , and this dead people will stop control we life . very close on matt -- matt ( V o. ) ( cont 'd ) I just want to be a normal guy . 24 ext . downtown honolulu - day 24 establish -- tall building , business people , lunch wagon . 19 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 25 int . matte law office - day 25 Matt eat a sack lunch at he desk . his window have a grand view of downtown . we glimpse he punahou , college and law school diplomas . matt ( v.o. ) unlike a lot of my cousin , I have not touch my share of the trust money . like my father before I , I live only on the income from my law practice . I do not want my daughter grow up entitle and spoiled . and I agree with my father -- you give you child enough money to do something but not enough to do nothing . Matt 's secretary noe crack open he door . noe Mr. King , you cousin be here . 26 int . law office conference room - day 26 Matt enter the room to find seven cousins wait to greet he . from they casual clothing and shaggy hair , a observer might hardly suspect they status . matt ( v.o. ) not only be I the sole but I be a commercial real estate and transactional attorney , so the most involved of my cousin have be meeting with I regularly to analyze the bid -- cousin Dave , cousin hal , cousin six , cousin wink , cousin Lisa , cousin connie and cousin Stan , both of whom oppose the sale entirely . do not be fool by appearance . in hawai'i some of the most powerful people look like bum and stuntmen . later -- Matt and he cousin stand above the conference table , look at blueprint and architectural drawing . matt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the proposal be virtually the same -- hotel , shopping center , condo and golf course . 3000 new job in the first five year . support letter from the construction industry and union . ( more ) ( continued ) 20 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 26 continued : 26 matt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a Chicago group be offer half a billion dollar , but we be lean toward a lower bid from a guy name Don holitzer . he 's actually from kaua 'i and make a fortune in silicon Valley . cousin Hugh be push we in that direction , and I say why not ? close on matt , nodd along but highly distract , the sound of Liz 's ventilator grow louder in he brain . we CUT to artist renderings of comatose Elizabeth -- wide , closer , closer still , closer . 27 ext . queens' hospital - day 27 establish . Matt walk inside the front door . 28 int . family consultation room - day 28 Matt sit across from old family friend dr . SAM johnston . dr . johnston bad news , matt. Dr. chun , Dr. Mueller and I -- we believe she condition , * which we call a multi-factorial anoxic * encephalopathy , be deteriorate . we * see no eye movement , no pupillary * response , basically no brainstem * reflex whatsoever . the machine * could keep she go , but she quality * of life would be ... very poor . * basically what you see now . she will never be like she be , matt. never . * we know that now . Matt sit very still . dr . johnston ( cont 'd ) I can not tell you how sorry I be to have to tell you this . and you have you daughter . there 's just nothing we can do . matt so ... if we do go ahead and take she off the machine -- dr . johnston not if , Matt . when . I have a legal obligation . you know that . ( continued ) 21 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 28 continued : 28 matt how long will she last ? dr . johnston hard to say . could be a few day . could be two week . but for plan purpose , you should work off the shortest possible scenario . I know I need to get the ball roll on organ donation right away . organ donation ? forget about that one . dr . johnston ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth have so many friend , a big life . last time I be at you house , must have be 200 people . if you be go to let people know to say goodbye , which be fairly typical protocol in this situation , start now . by the time the last day come , they feel more ready , as ready as they can feel . I be so sorry , Matt . 29 int . hospital hallway - day 29 his mind spin , Matt prepare to look at the corpse- to - be . when he open the door and pull back the curtain , he find -- 30 int . hospital room - continuous 30 -- friend MARK and kai mitchell up for a visit . they be play music for Elizabeth on a mini-boombox , and Kai be applying make - up to Liz 's face . after cheery greeting -- matt what be you do ? kai oh , she 's be look a little pale lately all coope up in here , and I just know she would be mortify if no one have think to help she out with some lipstick and blush . I know she will grill I . Matt and Mark exchange a look -- " Girls . " MARK and of course Kai 's get she all catch up on all the latest gossip . ( continued ) 22. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 30 continued : 30 kai well , I do not want to have to start from scratch later . oh , and Matt , on the way here we stop by and leave some more meal in you fridge , all ready to nuke . Matt smile -- he would be expect a grim moment alone with Elizabeth , but instead he find a room full of warmth and life . even if it 's a little creepy . MARK so what 's the latest anyway , Matt ? any update ? matt no , no . just more of the same -- monitoring the swell , keep she * kidney and other vital work , you * know , hope for the best . Kai nod sympathetically before turn back to Elizabeth . extreme closeup of Liz 's lip as Kai apply lipstick . 31 ext . kalakaua avenue - day 31 jogger go past as Matt 's car pull into the driveway of the ocean outrigger club . 32 ext . ocean outrigger beach - day 32 Matt lie on the beach watch scottie play in the surf with she snorkel mask on . the melancholy he feel make he regard he weird little daughter with tenderness . scottie ( emerge from the water ) I be hungry ! matt what else be new ? let 's get you something to eat . 33 ext . ocean outrigger restaurant - day 33 scottie pop two last fry into she mouth , then turn she attention to a strawberry sundae . anxious to spoil she , Matt watch scottie dig in . yet he remain preoccupy , he smile distant . ( continued ) 23. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 33 continued : 33 scottie the food here at the club be so good . matt yeah , they do a good job here . scottie why be it call a jellyfish ? it 's not a fish , and it 's not jelly . matt no idea . you ask good question . you be get too smart for I , scottie . scottie I be go to find out . then I be go to ask Mom when she wake up and see if she know . do you think she 's go to know everything she use to know ? Matt notice a buff guy and some friend head to a nearby table , and he mood sour . scottie follow he gaze . the guy notice the king and feel oblige to mosey over . this be troy cook -- athletic and rich . troy hi , Matt . hi , scottie . matt Troy . troy ( to he friend ) I will catch up to you guy in a second . Matt stare so intensely that Troy avert he gaze . troy ( cont 'd ) so , uh , what 's go on ? I mean , how 's Elizabeth do ? matt same . troy I visit she last week , you know . I think she look pretty good . matt so why would you ask ? ( continued ) 24 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 troy I do not know , I just want to know the latest . I be praying for she every day , you guy . really hard . seriously . so what I be say be , when I be there , I talk to she , and she hand move , so I be pretty encourage . I think that be a encourage sign . scottie look up hopefully . Matt notice . matt that 's enough . troy I really think she hear I . matt look , Troy , go to you friend . no hard feeling . let 's just leave it alone . Troy walk away , stop , turn back . troy I tell you , Matt , there be lot of chop and hole that day . I tell you a hundred time . ask anybody . what happen to she could have happen to I . it be a super-hard day on the water . matt you be not suppose to be drive , Troy . she be suppose to be drive . troy she want I to drive . and she 's the one who tell I to pass the other boat right before the turn . and just you whole attitude toward I , Matt -- I mean , I feel terrible . I wish it be I and not she . plus I almost drown myself when we capsize . and my rotator cuff be never go to be the same , and I be go to miss moloka 'i . scottie just because she hand move , it do not mean anything , Troy . Mom twitches at weird time . when you cut off a chicken 's head , it run all around , but it 's still a dead chicken . ( continued ) 25 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 33 continued : ( 3 ) 33 scottie push back from the table and take off toward the pool . Matt follow , not even grace Troy with a final look . 34 ext . ocean outrigger pool - continuous 34 Matt catch up to scottie . matt hey , sport , do not pay any attention to that guy . that guy 's a dope . scottie I hate he . matt yeah . scottie I do not mean to say dead chicken . I do not want Mom to die . matt I know , I know . hey , let 's get out of here . let 's go do something crazy . like let 's drive to the airport and hop over to the Big Island and surprise you sister . what do you say ? scottie right now ? matt it will be fun . she 's not expect we or anything . and we bring she home . I think she should be here with we , do not you ? do not you miss she ? I miss she . scottie yeah , I be out of school . she should be too ! 35 ext . outrigger restaurant - day 35 as Matt and scottie head toward the exit , scottie flip off a crestfallen Troy . a35 ext . airport - day a35 a Hawaiian Airlines inter-island airplane take off . 36 insert -- map of the island 36 a dotted line go from honolulu to kona . 26 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 37 int . airplane - day 37 Matt and scottie look out the window at the big island come into view . matt ( v.o. ) somehow it feel natural to find a daughter of mine on a different island . a family seem exactly like a archipelago -- all part of the same geographic expression but still island -- separate and alone , always drift slowly apart . 38 ext . king be highway , big island - dusk 38 a red rental car zoom along the famous road near kona traversing rocky -- almost lunar -- landscape . 39 int . rental car - dusk 39 Matt look over at scottie , doze . 40 ext . hawai 'I preparatory academy - night 40 the car turn onto the bumpy gravel road snake through the campus of this boarding school . 41 int . dorm supervisor's room hallway - night 41 Matt knock on a door . a exhaust scottie slouches against a wall . the dorm supervisor appear in a nightgown . the tv be on in the background . matt hi , sorry to bother you . I be Matt King . dorm supervisor yes , hello , Mr. King . matt I have come to pick up my daughter , alexandra . dorm supervisor do you call administration ? matt no , I do not . it 's sort of a emergency . ( continued ) 27 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 41 continued : 41 dorm supervisor all right , let 's see what we can do . 42 omit 42 43 int . dorm hallway - night 43 scottie run down the hall , excited by the idea of surprising she sister . scottie which door ? which door be it ? matt scottie , keep it down ! dorm supervisor will you both keep it down ? it 's around the corner . they turn down another corridor , and scottie knock on a door . dorm supervisor ( cont 'd ) that 's the wrong door . the door open , and a girl poke she head out . dorm supervisor ( cont 'd ) go back to sleep , yuki . matt sorry , yuki . the dorm supervisor knock on a adjacent door . a moment later a roommate open , groggy from sleep . dorm supervisor wake you roommate , sweetie . roommate ( glance in she room ) um ... Alex be not here . dorm supervisor where be she ? roommate I think she 's ... outside somewhere . 28 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 44 ext . soccer field - night 44 a coat over she nightgown , flashlight in hand , the dorm supervisor lead Matt and scottie across glisten moist grass . they hear laughter . two figure grow more distinct in the moonlight -- girl hit golf ball -- alexandra king and friend emily . dorm supervisor Girls ! what do you think you be do out here ? emily run ! scottie hi , Alex ! it 's I , scottie ! Emily take off but do not get far -- she fall flat on she face , golf club in one hand , bottle in the other . matt you know , I pay $ 25,000 year for this crap not to happen . Alex ! alexandra dad ? ( laugh , to Emily ) my fuck dad be here ! this crack she up even more . scottie laugh too , though she 's unsure why . dorm supervisor you do not talk like that here . this be unacceptable behavior ! alexandra what 's up , dad ? emily you come out to play a few hole with we ? scottie we come to get you so you can come home . he take I out of school already . I have not go for three whole day . ( continued ) 29 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 44 continued : 44 alexandra ( to Matt ) what 's happen ? why be you here ? matt you need to come home and see Mom . alexandra hear this , take a few stride , fling she golf club into the night . alexandra fuck Mom ! dorm supervisor what do I say about the language ? on matt -- matt ( v.o. ) what be it about I that make woman in my life want to destroy themselves ? Elizabeth with she motorcycle and speedboat and alcoholism . 45 ext . king house - night 45 Matt 's car arrive back home , and he and scottie get out of the car . matt ( v.o. ) alexandra with she drug and older guy and modeling . 46 int . king house - night 46 Matt carry a pass - out Alex upstairs . scottie scamper ahead , open the door to -- 47 int . alexandra's room - continuous 47 -- where Matt place Alex on she bed , take off she shoe , cover she with a blanket , and watch this tsunami of a girl at rest . 48 int . king kitchen - day 48 at the stove , Matt dish out scrambled egg . scottie sit in the kitchen nook . matt ( v.o. ) and scottie , how can I protect she from ... I ? ( continued ) 30 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 48 continued : 48 as he bring she plate over -- scottie I do not like egg . matt why do not you say so before I make they ? scottie I think they be for you . Alex trudge in and pull a coca - cola out of the fridge . matt good morning . ( no answer ) do Mom let you have Coke for breakfast ? alexandra I be pretty sure it 's after eleven . now that we get a closer look , we might recognize alexandra from the postcard at the hospital . we also see a resemblance to she mother . matt how be you feel ? shrugge , she plop down near scottie . matt ( cont 'd ) hungover , huh ? why be I not surprised ? I do not know where to start , and we probably should not in front of scottie . scottie I do not mind . matt I think you be suppose to be get you act together . alexandra I have get my act together . I be just drink . I have be do really well , but nobody ever seem to notice my grade be better , and how I be in that stupid play you guy do not bother to see . do you even remember the name of it ? ( continued ) 31 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 it 's on the tip of he tongue . alexandra ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think . so what if I get drunk on the one night you happen to drop in ? so the fuck what ? matt hey , hey , hey . watch you language in front of scottie . scottie I be okay . matt ( sit with they ) anyway , it 's good to see you . welcome home . want some egg ? alexandra how long do I have to stay ? matt we will discuss that . alexandra ( get up ) I be go swim . matt then I will join you . alexandra good time . 49 ext . king swimming pool - day 49 Matt walk out the patio door . seat on the step of the shallow end , alexandra be on she cellphone . alexandra ( into phone ) I gotta go . I will see you later . ( to Matt ) the pool 's really dirty . what day do the pool guy come ? Matt notice all the float leave and insect . matt he come ... you know , I do not know what day he come . ( continued ) 32 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 49 continued : 49 alexandra awesome . Matt grab a pole to skim the surface of the water . alexandra ( cont 'd ) sid 's come over . matt who 's sid ? alexandra a really good friend from punahou . we be in school together for year . matt oh. okay . alexandra he want to be there for I with all this shit happen . Matt wonder he own version of " what be I , chop liver ? " matt do I know he parent ? alexandra no . he might stay over too . be that cool ? just then , scottie run out onto the patio dress in a bra and pantie . alexandra ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? get out of my underwear , you freak . scottie ooo , la la ! do not I look divine ? matt scottie , get back inside and change into you swimsuit . scottie why ? matt now . scottie flip he off and run back inside . ( continued ) 33. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 alexandra Real good job you be do . matt that 's part of why I bring you here . you have to help I . I do not know what to do with she . alexandra slide into the water , swim to the other side and prop herself on the edge , float she lower body . Matt lower himself into the water too . alexandra maybe if you spend more time with she , she would not act like such a complete spaz . get she out of town -- go camp on kaua 'i . that 's what mom do with I whenever I be lose it . matt listen , Alex , you mother be not well . alexandra obviously . matt they just tell I she be not go to wake up . it 's for sure now . the doctor be go to stop caring for she . do you understand what I be say ? you mom want it this way . Alex remain silent . matt ( cont 'd ) she have a will , see , say we have to do it like this . we both do . that 's why I get you . we be let she go . Alex look at he , take a couple quick , loud inhalation , then slip -- underwater -- -- where she swim , face contorted , hope to stay down there forever . finally she emerge -- above the pool -- -- and get out , grab a towel , cry now . ( continued ) 34 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 49 continued : ( 3 ) 49 alexandra why would you have to tell I in the goddamn pool ? Matt climb out and approach she , arm extend . matt Alex ... Alex ... alexandra what do you want ? Matt drop he arm , crestfallen . Alex scoff , walk back into the house . 50 int . live room - day 50 they sit together now on sofa . alexandra appear drain from cry . matt I just find out yesterday . we have to go through this thing together , you and scottie and I . and I need to go around and tell people what 's happen -- we family and close friend . sometimes I will want you to come with I . other time I need you to watch scottie . alexandra you want I to go around with you and tell everyone that Mom 's go to die ? what 's the point of that ? break the news , watch they cry , deal with they emotion . how depress be that go to be ? just call they . matt Alex , nobody want to do any of this . but we need to tell grandpa and tutu , a few friend . they have the right to know and to be able to say goodbye . alexandra I do not want to talk about Mom with anyone . matt whatever you fight about with she at Christmas , you need to drop it . grow up . you love you mother . you mother love you . move on . ( continued ) 35 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 50 continued : 50 alexandra I can not drop it . matt you have to . alexandra you really do not have a clue , do you ? dad , she be cheating on you . whoa . alexandra ( cont 'd ) that 's what we fight about . when I be home at Christmas , I catch she with some guy . it make I sick to see she near you . I go back to school think that be it , I be do with she . I be go to call and tell you everything . but then the accident happen , and I be wait until she wake up , I guess . and you , you do not even suspect . right ? ( off he silence ) that disgust I too . you be always so busy . matt caught she with some guy ? what do that mean ? alexandra brandy and I be on we way to swim in the Black Point pool , and suddenly I see Mom and some douchebag walk into a house . his house , I guess . matt just a guy ? it could have be anybody . alexandra he have he hand on she ass . it be gross . matt you be sure it be she . ( off she nod ) then what ? ( continued ) 36 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 alexandra then nothing . she go into the house . a few day later I tell she I know what she be do . matt and ? alexandra first she act like she do not know what I be talk about . like I be blind . then she get super - mad and start yell at I and deny it . that 's when I decide I do not want anything more to do with she . matt who be he ? alexandra I do not know . some guy . matt what do he look like ? alexandra Dark hair . Matt stand up , walk in a little circle -- he literally do not know which way to turn . then he know . matt watch scottie . 51 ext . king house - day 51 Matt burst out of he house and start running down the street . 52 ext . nu'uanu neighborhood - day 52 Matt come sprinting around a corner . 53 ext . the mitchell ' house - day 53 Matt arrive at he neighbor ' house and let himself in the kitchen door . 54 int . the mitchell ' house - continuous 54 Matt pass through the kitchen into the live room . ( continued ) 37 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 54 continued : 54 matt hello ! it 's I , Matt ! MARK and kai appear at the top of the stair look as though they have not be downstairs all day . kai oh , hey , Matt . matt you guy be not sleep , be you ? as they come downstairs -- kai no , we be just fight . come on in . want a drink ? want some coffee ? matt ( shaking he head ) what be you fight about ? MARK stupid . kai it 's not stupid . he want we to throw party and have people over , which we do , of course , but who end up do all the work ? me. MARK it 's work that 's totally unnecessary . you do not have to do anything . nobody 's force you to clean and buy a new outfit and think of some goddamn theme cocktail . we can just invite people over last minute and drink whatever we have and hang out . it 's more fun that way , anyway . as they continue they argument , Matt be strike by the pettiness of everyday life . he at once pity it , be impatient with it , and long for it . MARK ( cont 'd ) you know what ? we can talk about it later . Matt do not come over to hear we squabble . kai shit , Matt . be Elizabeth -- be there any news ? ( continued ) 38 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 matt in fact there be . I will tell you in a moment . who be he ? ( off they silence ) do she love he ? who be he ? kai Matt . matt I be sorry to put you in this position . but I be not really the one who put you there , be I ? I just want to know who this guy be that my wife have be ... see . kai oh , Matt , you be angry . matt you could be a therapist . very keen power of observation . kai wow . I think we should talk another time . I think you need to cool it . Matt sit . he 's not leave . no one speak . matt be it Troy ? that fuck neanderthal ? MARK you do not know he . kai oh , do not you even , Mark . shame on you . you be she friend . MARK I be Matt 's friend too . and this be a very unique and dramatic situation . I would want to know . kai do not betray she when she can not even defend herself . Matt , you may not be able to hear this right now , but it 's not she fault . woman have need . matt be you fuck kid I ? ( continued ) 39 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 kai you marriage be not ... you work so hard to make partner , and no one can take that away from you . but then you make partner , and you only get busier . and it 's not like you be so involved with the girl . she be lonely . matt so you be go to talk to I in clich about woman ? nothing be ever a woman 's fault . be it still go on when she have the accident ? Kai look away . Mark nod . MARK but I stay out of it , Matt . anytime Kai talk about it , I walk away . matt ( to Kai ) and you what ? you probably egge she on . add some drama to you life without any actual risk . whom do you think you be protect anyway ? she do not need you protection -- it 's over . she 's go to die . kai do not say that . matt I almost tell you yesterday . she 's never go to wake up . it 's for sure now . you hear I ? we be pull the plug . you be put lipstick on a corpse . MARK come on , Matt . that 's a little intense . Kai 's face dissolves into tear . Mark reach out to comfort she . everybody fall back to Earth . matt I be sorry . I do not mean to take it out on you guy . I just ... do she love he ? Matt look at he blankly , then at Kai . he would like to know too . ( continued ) 40 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 54 continued : ( 4 ) 54 kai how can you ask about he when she 's go to die ? who care ? yes , she love he , love he , whatever . she 's crazy about he . she be go to ask you for a divorce . Matt be stunne but oddly relieved . the truth , once reveal , blow a calming wind . matt you still have not tell I who he be . I guess it do not matter . Matt rise to he foot and leave . 55 ext . the mitchell ' house - day 55 just as Matt reach the sidewalk , Mark come lope out of the house . MARK Brian speer . his name be Brian speer . two e's . a pet goat tie up in the front yard watch . 56 ext . nu'uanu neighborhood - day 56 from a discreet distance , we notice that Matt have stop walk to cry . 57 ext . king swimming pool - day 57 wandering up the driveway , Matt find alexandra sit with scottie and some guy . scottie now wear a oversize t-shirt read , " she 's fat . I be drunk . it 's on . " they stop laugh when they see Matt . scottie hi , daddy . alexandra dad , this be sid . matt ( size he up ) hello , sid . lanky and odd , a permanent smirk on he face , sid rise from he lounge chair . ( continued ) 41 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 57 continued : 57 sid ` sup , bro ? as they shake hand , sid pull Matt into a man-hug and thump he on the back . matt do not ever do that to I again . ( to alexandra ) get ready , okay ? we be go to grandma and grandpa 's . ( to scottie ) auntie esther will come over to watch you . alexandra sid 's come with we , okay ? matt sid , this week , what 's go on , be a real family matter . you understand . ( to alexandra ) sid 's not go to be interested in meeting you grandparent . he will be bored stiff . alexandra dad , I tell you he be go to be with I . I will be a lot more civil with he around . sid ( arm wide , shrugging ) what can I say ? 58 ext . king house - day 58 Matt approach the car with alexandra and the interloper . matt do he know what we be do ? alexandra he know everything . sid dude , you wife be die and then you find out she 's be step out on you ? that 's harsh . matt get in the car . 42 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft A59 ext . montage - tbd A59 59 ext . thorson house - day 59 Matt watch retire military man scott thorson ( 70 ) mumble as he sit at a table glance over document . sid be splay out on a nearby lounge chair . Alex seat at he foot . every so often a pet parrot squawk loudly . scott thorson this be like read Korean . matt Scott , I will be happy to walk you through it . scott thorson ( toss the papers ) jibber-jabber . matt it 's a advanced directive -- basically she instruction on what medical procedure she want or , in this case , do not want . no prolong mechanical ventilation , no -- scott thorson I know goddamn well what it say . say she do not want everyone wait around while she spoil like milk . say if the doctor can not do squat , she would just as soon get on with it . he stare off into space . alexandra gramp , be you okay ? scott thorson Elizabeth have the good sense to write this thing here . always a thoughtful girl . a strong girl . a hell of a lot stronger than she brother . Barry whine he way through life . might even be a homosexual , for all I know . matt yeah , Scott , I do not think so . ( continued ) 43. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 59 continued : 59 scott thorson and she 's stronger than you , Matt . she live more in a year than you do in a decade , sit in you office , hoard all you cash . all that money you refuse to use -- what the hell good be it ? and now you and you family be cash in you chip -- what the hell for ? maybe if you would let my baby have she own boat and buy she some safe equipment or let she go on that shopping sprees woman like , maybe she would not have go in for that thrill sport . maybe if you would provide more thrill at home . alexandra grandpa . scott thorson and you , alexandra . put you poor mother through hell when all she be try to do be instill some sense and drive in you . shame on you . you should try to be more like she . she 's a good girl . she 's a good girl . the old man climb to he foot and take a few step away . hand on hip , he look up as though gaug the weather . then he clear he throat , wipe he face with he sleeve , turn back . scott thorson ( cont 'd ) you all want a drink ? as he wander away toward the kitchen -- later -- Scott return push a little drink - cart . behind he trail he wife alice . a Alzheimer 's victim , Alice be a sweet woman , alert but unable to grasp or recall . alice oh , do we have guest ? matt ( kissing she ) hi , Alice . good to see you . it 's I , Matt . alice good to see you too . ( continued ) 44 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 alexandra ( hugging she ) hi , tutu . scott thorson that 's alexandra . alice hello . scott thorson she 's you granddaughter . and this be you son - in - law Matt . this be you family . well , except this kid . I do not know who the hell he be . ( to sid ) who be you ? why be you here ? alexandra he 's my friend . sid good afternoon . scott thorson Alice , we be go to go to Queen 's Hospital today and see Elizabeth . alice we be ? Queen Elizabeth ? that 's wonderful . I have never meet a queen before . I have to put on a nice dress . sid burst out laughing . sid be she serious ? scott thorson you be quiet , son . ( then --) no , Alice . we Elizabeth . we baby . we need to go visit she in the hospital . she need we , just like when she be a little girl . let 's think about what she might want in she room . we will take it to she and put it next to she bed . alice but she 's a queen . I have to look good for a queen . do not you want I to look good ? ( continued ) 45 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 sid laugh again . scott thorson shut up , Alice . ( then --) sorry , old gal . you go ahead and say whatever you want . alice I have never meet a queen before . when sid snicker again , Scott thorson approach he and glare . sid I be sorry , man . I be just laugh . it 's funny . I think she know she 's be funny . scott thorson I be go to hit you . Scott pop he fist into sid 's face . sid fly back . 60 int . matte car - day 60 the car in motion , Matt glance in the rearview mirror . matt how 's the eye ? in the backseat , sid hold a package of frozen peas to he puffy blue eye . sid that be unreal . I mean , how often do old people just haul off and fuck cold - cock you in the face ? matt he 's hit I a couple time over the year . and watch you language . alexandra here , let I kiss it . sid ow ! matt hey , could you two just cool it around I ? you know , stop ... touch each other so much ? ( continued ) 46 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 60 continued : 60 sid whoa ! maybe that 's why you wife cheat on you , if you be so against touch . slamming on the brake , Matt turn around , point a menace finger . even alexandra realize sid go too far . matt you little fuck . do you get hit a lot ? sid I do not know . I have have my share . matt ( to Alex ) you friend be completely retarded . you know that , right ? sid hey , my little brother 's retarded . do not use that word in a derogatory fashion . Matt look at he . give who sid be , there 's no reason to think he would not have a retarded brother . matt oh. sid psych ! I do not have a retarded brother ! alexandra you suck , sid . sid speak of retarded , do you ever feel bad for wishing a retarded person or a old person would just hurry up ? sometimes I wait for they to cross the street , and I be like , come on already ! but then I feel bad . Rather than lash out again at sid , Matt turn around and lower he head into one hand , squeezing he temple . it 's all get to be too much for he . ( continued ) 47 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 alexandra ( notice he anguish ) dad ? matt what ? alexandra do not forget -- I know where he life . Matt think a moment , then -- matt get in the front seat . 61-63 omit 61-63 64 ext . diamond head road - day 64 Matt 's car pass by the well - know crowded surf- point overlook . matt ( o.s. ) be do any surfing over there on the Big Island ? alexandra ( o.s. ) I have not surf in year . matt ( o.s. ) yeah , how come ? you be so good . alexandra ( o.s. ) at first I stop because I get my period and do not know how to use a tampon . sid ( o.s. ) do not want to attract shark , huh ? alexandra ( o.s. ) so I would not go for , you know , five day or so , and then I guess I just stop . matt ( o.s. ) why do not you ask Mom to show you or teach you or whatever ? 65 ext . kahala - day 65 the car continue on . ( continued ) 48 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 65 continued : 65 alexandra ( o.s. ) I do not even tell she I get my period for like a year . she be always push I to look older and act older , so I just ... sid ( o.s. ) even I know how to use a tampon . alexandra ( o.s. ) the first time I get my period I think I shit my pants . sid ( o.s. ) ew , maybe you do ! alexandra ( o.s. ) sid , shut up . matt ( o.s. ) be you sure he know what 's go on with we family ? because he sure do not act like it . 66 ext . brian speer' block - kahala - day 66 the car creep down a street of lovely home . alexandra do you know anything about he ? like what he do or if he 's marry ? matt just he name . Brian speer . alexandra why do not you ask Kai and Mark ? matt I just do not . alexandra why not ? matt I do not want to get into it . alexandra we will google he later . okay , there it be . stop. Matt pull over opposite a supremely average - look house . ( continued ) 49 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 66 continued : 66 matt there ? he life there ? alexandra well , I can not say for sure he life there . that 's just where I see they . matt and you just happen to be drive by . alexandra sadie be drive . we both see it . they all observe closely , very focus . nothing happen . it 's just a house . sid that house be a piece of shit . at least go after a guy who 's get a mansion . and do you think he 's marry ? that would be pretty cold - blooded to do it in a house where you be marry . alexandra sid , please be quiet . matt what be we go to do ? alexandra I do not know . I be just show you the house . they all think a moment . alexandra ( cont 'd ) should I go ring the bell ? matt ( tempt , then --) no , wait , this be stupid -- this stalking , or whatever the hell we be do . we come , we see . whatever . let 's go . no one move . alexandra it 's not like we be stalking he exactly . ( continued ) 50 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 a plumbing truck drive up the road . the three of they reflexively crouch down before catch themselves . alexandra ( cont 'd ) what would you do if you see he , anyway ? talk to he or punch he or what ? matt I guess I just want to see he . sid all I know be , someone mess with my girl , all hell would break loose . alexandra whatever , sid . sid I mean , you would never do that to I , would you ? you know , if we ever get marry . fuck around on I . alexandra depend on how you treat I . matt that 's enough now . alexandra and we be not get marry . Jesus . matt ( start the car ) okay , that 's enough . we be get out of here . 67 ext . nearby STREET - kahala - day 67 Matt 's just about to turn back onto kahala Avenue when -- alexandra dad , stop ! matt what ? alexandra go back . matt why ? ( continued ) 51 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 67 continued : 67 alexandra just go back a couple of house . Matt do so , check that the coast be clear . alexandra ( cont 'd ) there he be . matt there who be ? alexandra look . Matt and sid look toward a house for sale . at first they do not get it , but soon they gaze drift to the -- " for sale " sign complete with a photo of the broker , none other than -- brian speer -- he big white smile contrast starkly with haggard , unshaven Matt 's scowl . alexandra ( cont 'd ) now we know what he look like . sid must be pretty handy for a dude have a affair to have some empty house at he fingertip . ( as Matt and Alex look at he ) I be just say . that 's how I would do it . alexandra climb out of the car to grab a flyer and take a photo of Brian speer with she phone . 68 ext . brief montage 68 image of honolulu at dusk turning into night -- streetlights turn on across a entire neighborhood , boisterous pau-hana drinker at a bar , a bus release weary commuter , a overhead shot of the environ of the king house . matt ( v.o. ) I trust you . but there be always something about you I do not trust . the sound of a internal phone ring begin . 69 int . matt and liz' bedroom - night 69 a sit area off the bedroom be where Elizabeth display she trophy and sport memorabilia . ( continued ) 52 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 69 continued : 69 this be where Matt now sit nursing a whiskey and press a phone to he ear . brian speer ( o.s. ) hi , this be Brian speer at kaimana - Prudential Realty . sorry I miss you . leave a message with you name , number and time of call , and I will get back to you just as soon as I can . mahalo . look as though he 's about to vomit , Matt hang up , regards the flyer on the coffee table before he . sid ( o.s. ) hey , boss . Matt look up to see sid in he boxer . sid ( cont 'd ) do you call he ? matt none of you business . and put some clothes on . and you be not sleep in Alex 's room . in fact , you should really go home , son . sid Alex would not like that . matt Guest room . take it or leave it . sid we be go to do what we be go to do . matt I be not go to make it easy for you . sid I be just fool with you , man . we be not like that . Guest room 's awesome . ( then --) just call he . he 's nobody . raise hell . wipe to : 70 int . matte bedroom - night 70 Matt sit on the bed , listen once again to Brian speer 's outgo message . ( continued ) 53. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 70 continued : 70 matt ( on the beep ) yeah , hi , Brian . my name 's , uh , herb fitzmorris . I be interested in that house you have get on koloa Street , the one with the plantation shutter . I be at 645-2796 . thanks . 71 int . hospital hallway - day 71 as Matt lead he daughter toward Elizabeth 's room -- matt let I go in for just a quick moment alone first . I will be right out . 72 int . hospital room - day 72 Matt close the glass door behind he and slide the privacy curtain across it . he look at he wife . she 's start to look different -- she face more gaunt , she hair more matte . since the last time we see she , other item have be add around she bed . along with drape leis , we see a childhood doll , diplomas , and of course sport medal and ribbons . a antique quilt cover she leg . her father mean it when he say they would bring she old thing . Matt crouch down bedside . matt you be go to ask I for a divorce ? so you could be with some fuck fuckhead Brian speer ? be you kid I ? who be you ? because the only thing I know for sure be that you be a goddamn liar . so what do you have to * say for yourself ? go ahead , make a * little joke and tell I I have get it all * wrong . tell I again I be too out of touch with my feeling and need to go * to therapy . * ( then --) * be not the idea of marriage to make you partner 's way in life a little easier ? for I it be always harder with you . and you be still make it harder . lying there on a ventilator and still fuck up my life . you be relentless . you know what ? I be go to ask you for a divorce some day . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 72 continued : 72 matt ( cont 'd ) ( grab a doll , toss it ) daddy 's little girl . Matt rise , look at she motionless face , exhales , get himself together . matt ( cont 'd ) I be bring in you daughter now . Alex be home from school . try to be nice , okay ? he slide the curtain open and let the girl in . scottie hi , Mom ! look who 's here . alexandra approach the bed slowly , startle by the change in she mother 's appearance and know the end be near . scottie ( cont 'd ) say something , Alex . people in a coma can hear you . you be suppose to talk to they . alexandra hi , Mom . scottie tell she how you be drunk the other night . tell she maybe you be a alcoholic . alexandra I guess it 's in the gene . matt Girls , be serious . alexandra hi , Mom . sorry for be bad . for waste you money on expensive private school . money you could have use on facial and massage and sport equipment . sorry for everything . ( look at Matt ) sorry we be not good enough for you -- especially dad . matt stop it . that 's out of line . ( continued ) 55 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 alexandra or what ? you go to ground I ? or ship I off to another board school ? you go to give I a " time out ? " matt goddammit ! unable , in front of scottie , to remind Alex that Elizabeth be die , Matt grab he older daughter and spanks she . scottie you get serve ! matt scottie , out in the hall . scottie she 's the one out of line . matt go find sid. scottie he 's smoking . I should not be around second - hand smoke . matt ( raise he hand ) now ! as scottie run outside -- alexandra do you just spank I ? matt you have no right to talk to you mother that way . she 's go to die in a few day . what if that be you last word ? alexandra I have every right to speak this way . I be mad at she . how can you be so forgive ? Matt consider this . of course she do not see he recent outburst , and he 's not about to let on . matt I will be angry later . for now let 's just think about the good part . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 72 continued : ( 3 ) 72 matt ( cont 'd ) and do not say that stuff in front of you sister . do not ruin she for scottie . say something else . alexandra look , Mom , I know we fight a lot . but I always want to be like you . I be like you . I be exactly like you . God , that come out so dramatic . matt you be like she . mostly in good way . maybe some bad way . remains to be see . sid saunter inside with scottie in tow . sid I hear you get spanke . I hear all hell 's break loose in here . ( approach the bed ) hey , Mrs. K. , howzit ? I be sid , Alex 's friend from punahou , remember ? Nice day outside . no cloud . not too hot . you know what I think ? tough lady like you ? I think you be go to make it . I mean , I be no doctor . what do I know ? but that 's what I think . Matt squint at sid . be he stone ? sid ( cont 'd ) I be stay at you place to help Alex out . do not worry , Mr. K. 's get I on lockdown at night . and I meet you dad - - he pack a mean punch . look at this . ( bring he face closer ) wow . you be beautiful . ( to alexandra ) if you look anything like she when you be older , you be lucky . I mean , you know , not exactly like she be now . I mean in general . sid turn back for a long look at Elizabeth . scottie ( look at she phone ) reina just texted I ! she 's here visit she grandma ! can she come visit ? ( continued ) 57 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 72 continued : ( 4 ) 72 matt dammit , scottie , no reina . scottie but you say Thursday , and it 's almost Thursday . I do not get to see she in school anymore . matt not now . scottie I need she . Alex need sid . I need reina . Matt look at Alex , who in turn raise she eyebrow -- what harm could it do ? later -- scottie push open the door , now accompany by she friend reina , 12 , who look around as if the room be dirty . she wear a terry - cloth tennis skirt and hood terry - cloth sweatshirt . scottie ( cont 'd ) dad , this be reina . reina , that 's my sister and sid , and that 's my mom on the bed . reina hi , everybody . Alex and Matt look at each other , bewilder . scottie lead reina to the bed and touch she mother 's shoulder . reina ( cont 'd ) so this be you mother ? I guess it 's true . should I shake she hand ? scottie if you want . reina no , thanks . matt so , reina , I hear you grandmother 's not feel well . ( continued ) 58 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 72 continued : ( 5 ) 72 reina yeah . it 's pretty bad . she get she stomach operate on and then get some stupid infection or something . it 's pretty gross . matt well , reina , thanks for stop by , and , here , scottie , let I give you some money , and you two can go get a ice cream or something ... reina too many carb . matt carb . well , you could go to the cafeteria and get some lettuce . reina that 's okay . I be do . ( to scottie , on she way out ) you be not a liar after all . scottie do not you want to hang out ? reina no , I should go . I will see you at the club . hope you mom get better . exit reina . alexandra scottie , what would she mean by " you be not a liar after all ? " what would she think you be lie about ? scottie she do not believe Mom be sleep . alexandra so you have to prove to that twat that Mom 's in a coma ? what the fuck be in you skull , a bunch of stupid pill ? scottie shut up , you motherless whore ! sid whoa , whoa , easy there , half - pipe . ( continued ) 59 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 72 continued : ( 6 ) 72 matt where would you learn how to talk like that ? scottie point at Alex . Matt 's phone ring . he pull it out to silence it but notice the caller id -- kaimana - prudential real estate . he freeze . sense something , Alex calmly grab the phone from he and glance at it . alexandra hello ? no , you have get the right number . this be he assistant Sharon . how may I help you ? Alex listen . scottie have no idea what 's go on , but it sure be fun . scottie who be it ? alexandra oh , I see . and for how long ? uh-huh . okay . so one or the other . I will tell he . mahalo . alexandra hang up , proud . Matt 's proud too . alexandra ( cont 'd ) that be bonnie tanaka , a realtor . she say Mr. speer be on kaua 'i till the 18th , but she would be happy to show you the house or you can stop by the open house on Sunday . 73 ext . king house - day 73 many car be park outside . 74 int / ext . king house - day 74 platter of sashimi , fruit , ahi poke and salad lie atop the antique koa dining room table . longtime friend , 40s to 70 , mingle in the live room and around the pool . we spot Mark and kai. 60 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 75 int . king kitchen - day 75 Matt be space out alone , perhaps mentally rehearse he speech . awkward teen buzz happen by . buzz hi , Mr. King . matt hello , buzz . buzz sorry about Mrs. King . hope she get better real soon . matt thanks . buzz it really blow . Matt nod , swig he drink . buzz now feel emboldene to reveal the cocktail conceal behind he back . buzz ( cont 'd ) please do not tell my mom I be drink . matt I will not . buzz sometimes I steal beer from you outdoor fridge . matt I know . buzz slink off . matt ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) you have all be ask about Elizabeth , and I have give vague answer . but the reason I have ask you all to come over today be to tell you ... 76 int . king live room - day 76 Matt address the gather . matt ... that she coma be permanent . she 's not go to make it . ( more ) ( continued ) 61 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 76 continued : 76 matt ( cont 'd ) this week -- tomorrow , in fact -- as per she wish , we be go to unhook she from life -support . ( hold for gasp ) you all know Elizabeth -- she always like to do thing on she own . goddammit . ( almost lose it ) I want to tell you all in person . you be all we dear friend , we best friend . and the girl and I appreciate so much all the way you have help this last few week -- bring food , call ... one guest can we see she ? matt yes , for God 's sake , yes . that 's the whole point . go see she as soon as possible . that 's what I want to tell you . it should be now , not after . everyone who love she deserve a chance to say goodbye . 77 ext . king house driveway - dusk or night 77 Matt wave goodbye to the last guest as they drive off , then turn back toward he house . halfway there , he exhaustion force he to collapse onto the moist lawn . sitting there , he come to a realization -- not one he want , but he know he must deal with it regardless . alexandra ( pre - lap ) you have lose you mind . 78 int . matte study - night 78 Matt be catch up on work and have a dictaphone in he hand . Alex hover in the doorway . alexandra you mean he ? tell he to say goodbye ? matt I will only be go a day or so . I will leave in the morning , and be back tomorrow night . if it take another day , fine -- I will give it two day top . if I do not find he , at least I try . ( continued ) 62 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 78 continued : 78 alexandra Drop it , dad . you have get way bigger fish to fry than confront fuck Brian speer . be you recording this ? matt I be summarize a deposition . alexandra how can you work ? matt how can you go to a movie ? alexandra to get scottie out of the house . and you be go to tell he to come back and see Mom . matt I think ... I just think she would want he to know . alexandra just call he office and say it 's a emergency . matt on the phone he can escape . in person he have nowhere to go . I want to see he face . I want to change he life . Alexander sense he resolve -- it 's kind of refresh , actually -- then break into a wick little smile . alexandra then I want to go too . matt no , you stay with scottie . alexandra fuck that . let 's all get out of town . 79 ext . airport - day 79 a Hawaiian Airlines inter-island airplane take off . 80 int . airplane - day 80 Matt sit isolate from he daughter and sid across the aisle from he . 63. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 81 insert -- map of the island 81 a dotted line go from honolulu to lihue . 82 ext . kauai airport - day 82 Matt lead he daughter and sid toward the rental car shuttle when -- cousin ralph ( o.s. ) yo , Matt King ! Matt turn to see cousin ralph lope over , briefcase in hand . like Matt , he wear the island businessman 's uniform -- khakis and a reyn 's spooner shirt . grinning and nodd , cousin Ralph give Matt a back - slap hug and greet scottie and alexandra , whose name he clearly forget . cousin ralph ( cont 'd ) whatcha do here ? matt just come over for a day or two . cousin ralph yeah , I just get back from kahului . a little business over there . matt yeah . cousin ralph all right . so you here to talk to some of the cousin ? make sure everybody 's happy with you choice ? pay you respects to cousin Hugh ? Matt 's smile to cover the fact that he have not actually be think about this stuff . matt no , no , nothing like that . just a little holoholo . get the kid out of town . cousin ralph but it be holitzer , right ? we all know it 's holitzer . cousin Hugh want he , they go way back . I get my misgiving , though . it 's not the high bid by a longshot . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 82 continued : 82 cousin ralph ( cont 'd ) there 's a argument to be make for max it out . we only do this once in a lifetime . and in this economy -- matt yeah , no , I know . I want to work with you guy , Ralph , I really do . whatever the majority want , I will go along with it . let 's just get it over with . cousin ralph how 's Elizabeth do ? she go to be okay ? matt the same . cousin ralph well , she 's a tough gal . she will be okay . yeah . say , where you go , Hanalei ? matt yeah , princeville . cousin ralph come on . I will give you a ride . 83 ext . cousin ralph's jeep - day 83 it 's a open jeep with bad shock , and cousin Ralph drive fast . the passenger hold on , they hair blow back . matt hey , Ralph . cousin ralph yeah . matt turn off over here . let 's go see the land . cousin ralph take a last look , huh ? matt you get time ? cousin ralph I get nothing but time . 65 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 84 ext . turnoff point - day 84 cousin Ralph make a turn and head inland . 85 ext . country road - day 85 the Jeep stop at a fence , where a herd of cattle graze on the other side . Matt jump out to let the jeep through . ralph I think this be where a golf course be go to be . they want the golf course to rival pebble Beach , you know , bring in the big boy . 86 ext . bumpy access road - day 86 the Jeep ascend through pastoral countryside . 87 ext . lookout point - day 87 the Jeep stop at the overlook of a astonishingly beautiful swath of land extend from hilltop to bay . all get out , walk to the edge , look out . sid be you shitting I ? you guy own all this land ? matt not personally . it belong to a trust . but yeah , it 's ours for a few more day . ralph the other side of that ridge too . you can not see it from here . it 's like this , but a little flatter and do not have as nice a bay . sid this be outrageous . cousin ralph ( point , to Matt ) yep . Big resort there on that point . commercial area over there , house all through there . I think they should put in a big zip -line . Hell , we should have put in a zip -line . all continue to ogle this awe -inspire sight . ( continued ) 66 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 87 continued : 87 ralph of course , part of I agree with the cousin who do not want to sell . they be go to make a pretty big stink at the meeting . matt I know , but we have to sell . the trust have to dissolve in seven year , and if we have not sell , it will be a huge mess . selling now and distribute the cash be the only clean way to do it . ralph but it 's a shame , yeah ? on the other hand , hey , it 's just sit there . no one 's use it . at least this way the whole world will be able to enjoy it . matt ( to he daughter ) take a good look , girl . in the old day , this be part of you great- great grandmother 's inheritance go all the way back to kamehameha i. with they , we look across this land , vivid and verdant . alexandra down there be where Mom and I would camp . matt we all do , all we life . a lot of memory . scottie what about I ? I want to camp . I wish we live in the old day . alexandra we do . we still do . ( to Matt ) do we really have to sell ? matt do anything else would get extremely complicated . a lot of you cousin just want the money . everything have its time . scottie I want we to keep it ! ( continued ) 67 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 Matt look over at scottie , then at alexandra . it 's clear that alexandra be move by this sight . sid can you like specify what business they will put here ? because you should totally get a cheesecake Factory . only one so far 's in waikiki , and it 's awesome . you definitely need a cheesecake Factory . and Taco john' . moment later -- the king approach a nearby monument commemorate " John lowell " keoni " king. 1899 - 1974 . the plaque depict a smile man atop a horse . matt ( to the girl ) my grandfather . he really love this place . so do you mother . so do you mother . 88 ext . cousin ralph's jeep - day 88 cousin Ralph turn off the kuhio highway and into princeville , which greet visitor with a immense faux - italian fountain . 89 ext . princeville - day 89 pass through this immense development , Matt notice the name of the condo complex : the Sand piper , the Island tropic , etc . and he observe tourist along the edge of the golf course , with they visor and fanny pack . 90 ext . ST . regis HOTEL front door - day 90 Ralph drop we friend off . 91 int . ST . regis HOTEL lobby - day 91 Alex and sid slump against a marble pillar . scottie have take she shoe off to slide across the shiny floor . at the front desk -- clerk here 's you credit card back , Mr. King . and how many keycard will you be need today for you deluxe suite ? ( continued ) 68 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 91 continued : 91 matt let 's say three . by the way . I be suppose to meet a buddy of mine I think be stay here . Brian speer . s- p-e-e-r. clerk ( check computer ) I be not show anyone by that name . matt thanks . 92 int . HOTEL suite - day 92 move in . later -- Matt be on the telephone , nodd gravely . matt no , I understand . okay . thanks . Matt hang up , blink a few time , space out a moment . then he slide open the glass door to the -- 93 ext . HOTEL suite lanai - day 93 -- where he find alexandra smoking . matt put that out , will you please ? Alex shoot he a look , then stamp out the butt on the bottom of she shoe . matt ( cont 'd ) you could at least smoke light . like sid. alexandra I could . matt just get off the phone with Dr. johnston . they do what they have to do a couple hour ago . they have move she to another floor . they say she seem comfortable , still breathe on she own . she 's do okay . ( continued ) 69 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 93 continued : 93 alexandra nod at this news and look off . Matt join she in gaze out at Hanalei Bay . matt ( cont 'd ) so how be you do , Alex ? alexandra what do you mean ? you mean consider Mom 's ... circle the drain ? matt no , I mean other than that . in general . you have not be use , have you ? alexandra no , Jesus , I be not use . matt not at all ? I smell pot all the time on sid . alexandra that 's sid. matt so you just stop ? really ? alexandra look , dad , it 's no big deal . kid do drug and they stop . unless they be like super- ghetto . and you send I to board school , remember ? I could not get anything anymore . so no , I be not do any drug . but I still think they be fun . okay , maybe a little pot once in a while . matt and a little drink . she can not deny that . matt ( cont 'd ) why be you be so honest ? alexandra Mom 's die . matt yeah , well , I be proud of you . ( continued ) 70 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 alexandra not much to be proud of . matt yeah , there be . we ship you off . let they handle it . and now you be here , help with scottie , help I . thanks . alexandra you want to know what really piss I off ? that she would not end it . not even when she know she be bust . how be we suppose to feel about that ? matt I guess she really like he . alexandra so how be we go to find this guy , sherlock ? matt right . well , why do not you two take scottie to the beach ? I be go to call around a little . we be on a island , for Christ 's sake . everything 's just one degree of separation . alexandra ( get up ) we will find he . 94 ext . ST . regis beach - day 94 Matt scan the beach as he amble toward sid and he daughter lie on towel . scottie be snuggle close to sid . Matt notice lump of sand stuff into scottie 's bikini top . matt hey , what 's in you suit ? scottie they be my beach boob . matt take that out . right now . Alex , Jesus , why would you let she do that ? you too , sid . lying on she stomach , Alex lift she head . ( continued ) 71 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 94 continued : 94 alexandra I do not know . take they out , stupid . sid yeah , scottie . honestly . Big boob look kind of fatty . scowl , scottie get up and start pull the sand out of she suit as she stomp toward the water . alexandra any luck ? matt the hotel be a dead end , but I take another shot with he office . he 's definitely in Hanalei rent a house somewhere -- probably one of that cottage around the bay . who want to go for a walk ? sid sound good . Matt grimace -- not whom he be hope for . Alex tie the strap of she bikini and flip over . alexandra yeah , let 's go . scottie ! 95 moment later -- 95 we friend weave they way among beach -goer . Matt have think to bring along a print - out of Brian speer 's photo , which he and Alex glance at discreetly . sid trail behind . scottie ( catch up to Matt ) can we swim with the shark ? I read in the hotel magazine how they put you in a cage in the ocean and throw shark feed in the water and shark swim right up to you . can we do that ? alexandra scottie , we be not really here to do stuff like that . 96 ext . hanalei BAY - pine tree - day 96 the sun approach the horizon . ( continued ) 72 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 96 continued : 96 Father , daughter and sid have walk past people and house . now they be walk just to be walk . we see they from a distance , although we hear they very close . scottie how would you and Mom meet ? matt I be with a law school buddy from the mainland , and I take he to the club . we be just come in from paddle , and you mom be on she way out , and she look at I and say , " do you think it 's go to snow today ? " we all get beer when she come back in . I have already see she around . that be it . I get she number . scottie do you think she be pretty ? matt she knock I out . scottie what do you love about she ? matt I love ... I do not know . the way we be with each other , most of the time , anyway . I love how she 's more capable of feel joy than anyone I have ever know . I just like be with she , just riding bike or go out to dinner , even if it 's just a plate lunch at rainbow 's . year ago we use to do a lot of paddle together . alexandra can we drop this ? Jesus . ( mimick ) " what do you love about Mom , daddy ? " shut up , already . ( to Matt ) and stop baby she . matt easy , Alex . we be just talk . 97 ext . hanalei BAY forest area - late afternoon 97 we friend continue walk , this time amid thick tree along the shoreline . again we see they from afar . ( continued ) 73. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 97 continued : 97 matt you mom get chase by a shark once . very close call . alexandra when be that ? matt we be on moloka 'i with Mark and Kai , and you mom be out surfing and see a shark right beneath she on a wave . like right beneath she . she get down on she stomach and start paddle like crazy , and this big fin keep follow she . she even paddle up onto the nearest rock instead of all the way to shore . get cut all over she leg and hand . only time I ever see you mother scared , and she be really scared . she even throw up . crying and shaking . I have to hold she for a long time . she really think she be go to die . of course she hide all that from the mitchell , turn it into a funny " me-versus - a - shark " story . I tell she ... alexandra yeah ? matt I tell she it be not she time yet . they continue in silence a few moment . scottie I wish Mom be here . 98 ext . ST . regis HOTEL beach area - late afternoon 98 the sun be now very low on the horizon as we friend make they way back to the hotel . again we see they from a distance . matt I will ask you that same question , scottie . what do you love about Mom ? scottie lot of stuff . she 's not old and ugly like other mom . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 98 continued : 98 scottie ( cont 'd ) I like she storey -- like how she streak at the wedding and the time she beat a wild pig with a shoe . how about you , Alex ? alexandra why be we still talk about this ? ( then --) I like how she 's not afraid of anything . 99 int . HOTEL suite sitting room - night 99 the four be splay out watch tv amid the messy remain of room service dinner . alexandra and scottie wield the remote and stumble upon the channel promote direct - access adult movie . scottie let 's watch one of this ! alexandra we be not watch porn . scottie reina 's dad watch porno . reina call they masturbation movie . her dad have some . she play they when she parent be not home and one time invite boy over to see if they grow down there . one do . sid reina 's awesome . matt be you there ? have you see any of that movie ? scottie no . alexandra you have get to watch she with the internet . and reina 's dad . scottie , reina be a fuck - up ho -bag , and you need to stay away from she . do you want to end up like I ? scottie yes . ( continued ) 75 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 99 continued : 99 alexandra I mean the earlier I , when I be mean to you and yell at mom all the time . scottie no . alexandra well , reina 's go to be a meth-head , and she 's go to get use by stupid guy . she 's a twat . say it . scottie she 's a twat . ( run across the room ) twat , twat , twat , twat ! matt stop that ! ( to alexandra ) I do not get it . I do not know what to do ... this thing she do . what go on in she head ? you be not like that . alexandra it will go away . matt I be not so sure . I mean , look how you kid talk in front of I . it 's like you do not respect authority . Alex look at he -- authority ? 100 int . HOTEL suite bedroom - night 100 Matt toss and turn , get up and go to the bathroom . moment later -- exiting the bathroom , he decide he should make a routine inspection and wander into -- 101 int . HOTEL suite sitting room - continuous 101 -- where he eye a lump on the fold - out bed . he creep up when sid awaken . sid hey , what 's up ? matt hi. ( continued ) 76 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 101 continued : 101 sid check on I or something ? a sheepish look on he face , Matt take a seat on the edge of the bed . matt I do not , uh ... I have not be sleep very much lately . sid understandable . matt I be worried about my daughter . I be worried there 's something wrong with they . sid I use to do some mess - up shit when I be a kid . still do . it 's go to get worse after you wife die . matt what do Alex really think about this stuff that 's go on ? what do she say ? sid she do not . matt what do you mean ? I think she talk to you all the time . sid we do not really talk about we like " issue . " we just , I do not know , we deal with we shit by talk about other stuff and have a good time . matt what would you do if you be I ? how would you handle my daughter ? how would you handle ... the situation of this guy we be try to find ? Matt can not believe what he just ask , but he 's desperate for clue from even the unlikeliest source . ( continued ) 77 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 sid I tell you what I would do -- I would lay he nut on a dresser and hit `em with a spike bat . with the daughter , I do not know . I would take they on a trip . or no , I would buy `em a bunch of shit . like with all the money you be go to get when you sell the land -- you be go to make stupid money , right ? -- dude , you could buy they anything . Matt question he sanity at have ask sid any advice . matt do you want some of it ? some money ? sid sure . matt if I give you a lot of money right now , tonight , would you leave ? sid why would I leave ? matt no , sid , I be ask you a favor . if I give you money , will you leave ? sid oh. I get it . be that what you want ? you want I to go ? matt I guess not . sid look , dude , you be right . if I have daughter , I would not know what to do . Exchange they for son , I guess . matt then I might wind up with something like you . sid I be not so bad . I be smart . matt you be about a hundred mile away from smartville . no offense . ( continued ) 78 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 101 continued : ( 3 ) 101 sid you be mistaken , counselor . I be smart . I have good hygiene . I be a decent guitarist , a good cook . I cook food all the time . I be vice - president of the punahou chess club . and I always have weed . matt I be sure you parent be proud . sid it 's possible . my mom 's sort of busy right now . matt what do she do , you mom ? sid she 's a receptionist at a pet clinic . but mostly she 's be get the house together after my dad die . my dad die a few month ago . at first refuse to fall for it , Matt see this be no prank . sid ( cont 'd ) November 24th . drunk driver . actually both driver be drunk . yeah . sid smile and nod as though to make Matt feel better about the sad news he just share . matt goodnight , sid . I will see you tomorrow . sid goodnight , boss . 102 ext . hanalei BAY - dawn 102 sunrise . Matt jog along the nearly empty beach -- just a few surf fisherman and paddler . he 's clearly out of shape but make a good effort . another guy jog toward Matt wear a " Stanford lacrosse " T - shirt and run short with long slit up the side . brian speer ! they pass each other . Matt continue on a moment in disbelief , then turn around and follow . his stride long and efficient , Brian give Matt a run for he money . ( continued ) 79 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 102 continued : 102 soon Brian cut up the beach toward one of the cottage that line the bay . Matt follow , awkwardly try to appear nonchalant . matt ( under he breath ) hi , you do not know I , but I know you . hi , you do not know I , but I know you . Brian speer , right ? hi , I be Liz 's husband . that 's right . fuckface . Brian disappear up a little path through a hedge . Matt quicken he pace toward -- 103 ext . hanalei beach cottage - continuous 103 -- where he spy on Brian walk across a wide lawn toward a lovely old cottage . matt hi . you do not know I , but I know you . Brian disappear inside , emerge moment later chugge gatorade . courage gather , Matt be about to charge forward when he stop short -- the door open again , and out come a beautiful woman in a white bathing suit and white sun hat . then two little boy . fucker 's get a family . not the right moment . 104 ext . hanalei BAY - day 104 the sun be higher , and the beach be grow populate . Matt sit on the sand , glance occasionally back toward the cottage . next to he lie he daughter and sid . suddenly two boy -- Brian 's kid -- come run through the hedge and past Matt on they way into the water . Matt turn around to see Brian 's wife julie speer dutifully trail behind . julie stay in the zone , please ! that mean you , skylar . and you too , colt . matt ( low ) skylar and colt ? ( continued ) 80 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 104 continued : 104 Matt watch the little boy flop into the surf . Mrs. speer follow , wading in up to she calve . Matt stand to look whether Brian be come down to the beach too . no such luck . matt ( cont 'd ) ( to Alex ) I will be right back . Matt get to he foot , brushes off sand , and walk casually toward Mrs. speer , maintain a comfortable distance . alexandra watch . in the surf -- Matt take up a casual stance near Mrs. speer and pretend to look out at the water , just hang out . Mrs. speer continue to keep a watchful eye on she boisterous boy . matt ( cont 'd ) look like you get yourself a handful with that two . julie yeah . matt must keep you pretty busy . julie they be pretty non-stop , but they be at a really fun age . matt how old be they ? julie speer eight and ten . matt ( point ) I have two girl . ten and seventeen . that whole non-stop thing . that never change . julie speer you guy live here ? matt we live on o'ahu . ( continued ) 81 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 104 continued : ( 2 ) 104 julie speer oh , so do we . matt yeah , I be just get my girl out of town for a couple day . they , uh , they mother be in the hospital , so I think I would give they a little break . julie oh , no . matt she will be fine . julie what 's wrong ? if you do not mind my ask . matt just a little boat accident . hit she head a little too hard . do Julie recognize any of this , or even recognize he ? do not seem like it . julie a sailboat ? or one with a motor ? matt ( laugh , then --) one with a motor . she 's actually sort of charming , this Julie speer . julie well , good luck with that . I wish she well . skylar , do not go so far ! matt you guy stay in one of the cottage over there ? julie yes , my husband have to come here for work , so we think we would all make a little vacation of it . he know the owner , so -- matt Hugh King . ( continued ) 82. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 104 continued : ( 3 ) 104 julie that 's right . matt he 's my cousin . julie oh . then you probably know my husband . Brian speer ? that hang there a moment . Matt suppress the sudden desire to spill the bean . matt no , can not say as I do . julie oh , I just assume , since he 's be -- scottie dad ! dad , come here ! something bit I ! Matt look over to see scottie very agitate about something . matt Excuse I . Nice talk to you . julie you too . take care . Matt trot off . 105 a montage -- 105 image of Hanalei as the sun begin to set over the magnificent taro field . wind rustle the tree . mist fall into the valley . matt ( v.o. ) how can I forgive she for loving someone else ? do she even know about he family ? be she that in love ? do she miss he from she coma ? do she wish he could be with she and not I ? 106 ext . hanalei town - dusk 106 we friend walk along roadside tourist shop toward -- 83. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 107 int . tahiti nui restaurant - dusk 107 a live - in hangout with a wood interior , woven mat on the wall , and table carve into with steak knife . a ukulele club jam in a corner . as we foursome enter the joint , Matt notice -- cousin hugh yucking it up at the bar with other regular . matt ( to alexandra ) there 's cousin Hugh . get we a table . order I something . alexandra like what ? matt anything . at the bar -- Matt wedge he way in beside he third cousin , who despite he booziness and very local flavor be nonetheless a King family patriarch . cousin hugh heeey ! mattie-boy ! what be you do here ? I do not expect to see you until the meeting . he look over he shoulder to see whom Matt might have come in with . cousin hugh ( cont 'd ) be that ...? matt yeah , scottie and Alex . cousin hugh Big girl now ! so what be you do here , man ? matt just get the girl out of the hospital for a couple day , you know , change of scenery . ( continued ) 84 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 107 continued : 107 cousin hugh yeah , boy , what you have be go through . that 's a tough deal . ( take a drink ) but Elizabeth , hey , she 's , she 's a tough gal , I will tell you that . a fighter . she will make it . get you a drink ? matt sure , what be you have ? cousin hugh barney , a old - fashioned for my cousin here . Nice to see you , Matt . how you be otherwise ? matt not much otherwise . between we business and the hospital , you know , I have just try to keep my head above water . so listen , I see you have some people stay in the cottage . cousin hugh oh , hey , mattie , if I would know you be come , I coulda -- matt no , no , no , I be just wonder about the guy you be rent to . I think he name be Brian speer . cousin hugh yeah , yeah , real determine son-of - a - bitch . he 's Lou 's sister 's ... no , wait . Lou have a sister , and the sister 's husband ... Lou 's brother - in - law be cousin with that guy . matt huh ? who 's Lou ? cousin hugh no , wait . you mean the cottage on the bay or the cottage back by the trail ? matt the bay . the guy with the wife and two boy . ( continued ) 85 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 107 continued : ( 2 ) 107 cousin hugh yeah , that 's right . determined son-of - a-bitch . anyway , the point be the guy we be do business with be that guy 's brother - in-law . Works for he . matt Brian speer . cousin hugh that 's the guy . matt what do you mean , the guy we be do business with ? cousin hugh who do you think ? Don holitzer . matt holitzer . cousin hugh that 's what I be say . that 's don' brother - in - law in the cottage . you do not know he ? I would have think you would know he . he 's a realtor over by you . so if we sell to Don -- and that 's what we be go to do , right ? that 's what you want too . Nice guy , Don . he will do right by we . then when Don develop and re-sell and lease and all that -- matt yeah , yeah -- cousin hugh he 's let this brother - in - law in the cottage handle the transaction . a lot of they , anyway . Big score for that guy . it take a moment for this stone to drop to the bottom of Matt 's well . matt what 's he like ? cousin hugh who ? ( continued ) 86 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 107 continued : ( 3 ) 107 matt Brian speer -- what else do you know about he ? cousin hugh not much . he 's lucky . the bugga 's lucky . his sister be marry to the guy . son-of-a-bitch be go to make a shitload of money on commission . matt not if we do not go with that bid . cousin Hugh 's eye emerge momentarily from they drunken fog to give Matt a firm , steely warning . cousin hugh we all want Don . you do too , Matt . you have say as much . matt no , I know . you be right . okay . well . good to see you , Hugh . cousin hugh you too . matt see you at the meeting . cousin hugh I will be there . track to the table firmly on matte face as he process this horrifying news deliver so casually . at the table -- Matt take a seat . scottie and sid eat fry appetizer . alexandra just sit watch the musician . sid this place rock . scottie totally . alexandra we order you mahi . ( continued ) 87 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 107 continued : ( 4 ) 107 matt ( low ) great . the music grow more frenetic . Matt look around the room , alienate from everything -- from the fry food and the tourist , from the umbrella in the drink , from he daughter enjoy the music and this cretin call sid. why can not a nuclear bomb blow the whole island up right now ? 108 ext . the road by the BAY - sunset 108 the light be swiftly fade , and we heroes be little more than silhouettes as they walk back to the hotel . sid and scottie talk and laugh together . Alex walk with she father . matt so , guess what . turn out Brian speer be connect to Don holitzer . alexandra who 's Don holitzer ? matt the guy we be go to sell to . and that woman today at the beach . that be he wife . alexandra whose wife ? ( then --) the hottie with the hat ? you sure ? ( off he nod ) so he 's marry . Nice . why do not you say anything ? matt it 's he I want to talk to , not she . I know where they cottage be . alexandra you do ? so let 's do it right now . let 's go knock on he door . matt that 's what I be say . alexandra quietly exult . ( continued ) 88. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 108 continued : 108 matt ( cont 'd ) do not do that . do not be excited . this be not fun . alexandra well , it 's what we come here to do . matt so you to talk to he wife while I talk to he . and figure out some way to distract scottie and they kid . alexandra get it . sid , come here ! a109 moment later -- a109 the team be gather for a little huddle . alexandra listen , dad and I be go to go talk to some friend while sid take you back to the hotel , okay ? scottie I want to come too . sid I do not . who want to sit around talk in some house ? let 's ditch this loser and go watch some serious tv. scottie yeah ! as they walk away -- sid ( to Matt , low ) give `em hell , boss . 109 ext . hanalei BAY cottage - night 109 Zero hour . Matt and alexandra approach the cottage from the road and start to walk around it toward the beach . alexandra be you ready ? matt no . what should I say ? ( continued ) 89 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 109 continued : 109 alexandra you will think of something . you be a lawyer . matt I be sorry for suck you into this . I should be do this alone . it 's selfish of I . alexandra I be the one who suck you in . I be the one who know . just as they be round the house toward the lanai , Julie speer back out of the screen door with a plate of hamburger patty . Alex nudge Matt . alexandra ( cont 'd ) do not be a pussy . matt ( stiffly ) hi there ! the screen door slam . Julie look over . matt ( cont 'd ) it 's the guy from the beach today . julie oh , hello . matt yeah , hey , I be such a idiot . I just figure out I do know you husband . my daughter and I be on we way back to the hotel from dinner , and we think we would drop by and say howdy . alexandra ( mouth ) howdy ? julie great . come on up . matt I be Matt King . this be alexandra . julie I be Julie speer . yeah , I think that be you . ( more ) ( continued ) 90 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 julie ( cont 'd ) you have be in the paper so much lately . I figure you have to know Brian . he 's be pretty involved . matt yeah , no , I know , yeah , super-involved . maybe I have meet he in pass . I do not know . julie so , I guess you guy be decide really soon . a couple of day , right -- you and you family meet ? I be sorry . that 's probably a conflict of interest or something . matt no , it 's okay . you be right -- it will all be over in a couple of day . julie you guy want a burger ? matt we just eat , thanks . julie a drink then . as Alex and Matt agree , a figure appear at the screen door . brian speer emerge , a bag of bun in one hand . brian speer hi , I be Brian . matt Brian , we may have meet before . Matt King . my wife be Elizabeth King . I think you may have meet she too . we daughter alexandra . Brian 's big grin wilt . julie I be just go to get drink . brian speer good , good . good . Matt nudge alexandra , who suddenly remember she duty . alexandra do you need help ? ( continued ) 91 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 109 continued : ( 3 ) 109 julie ( over she shoulder ) no , no , I get it . Alex be glad to keep she ringside seat for the moment . all buckle they mental seatbelt . matt Elizabeth be die . oh , wait . fuck you . and she 's die . we unhook she from the machine this morning . she will be dead in a few day . alexandra we be not here to hurt you . we just think she would want you to know . as they have plotted , Alex and Matt study Brian 's paralyze face . they exchange a glance , then look back at he . alexandra ( cont 'd ) this be he ? why would she go for he ? matt beat I . well , he 's very articulate . brian speer I can not ... I be sorry . I never think it would come to this . alexandra you be sorry my mom 's go to die ? you be sorry you fuck she ? you be sorry you fuck over my dad ? brian speer I be sorry for all of it . matt look , pal , like she say , I be not here to wreck you life . I just come to give you a chance to go to the hospital . I do not know how long you be plan on be here , but I be sure you can think of a excuse to leave . alexandra you must be good at that . matt you can be alone with she to say goodbye or whatever you want . do you hear what I be say ? ( continued ) 92 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 109 continued : ( 4 ) 109 Brian seem deeply lose in he own thought . then -- brian speer okay , look , I can not have you here . you understand . Julie return with wine for Matt and a soda for Alex . julie here we go . ( notice ) everyone 's so serious . please do not tell I you be talk about business . alexandra we be talk about love . julie that 's nice . Brian , call the boy in for dinner . brian speer they be fine . let they play a while longer . they all stand there a moment . Matt 's unsure how to play this out . he shoot a quick panicked look at Alex , who scramble to keep the ball roll . alexandra awesome cottage you be rent . matt yeah , say , prime Hanalei location . I use to come here as a kid before it be a vacation rental . Alex , you great- uncle Warren and aunt lillian build it back in the 20 . have not be inside in year . julie come on . we will give you a tour . alexandra or , Brian , maybe you could give my dad a little walk down memory lane , and Julie and I can chat out here . matt yeah , I would like that , if you do not mind . just a quick look . ( continued ) 93. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 109 continued : ( 5 ) 109 brian speer sure . but it 's not like I live here . Matt walk up to the door , make a point to let Brian open it for he . 110 int . hanalei BAY cottage - night 110 Brian sweep he hand around the room . brian speer here it be . matt how do you meet ? I be curious . for a moment Brian look trick , as if Matt really do just want a tour of the house . brian speer I can not do this . matt neither can i. how do you meet ? brian speer I think you say you come here just to tell I . matt I change my mind . and I can not very well ask she the detail . how would you meet ? brian speer at a party . matt what party ? brian speer Super bowl party . matt ( figure it out ) at the mitchell ' . brian speer do that help ? do that make it better ? ( continued ) 94 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 110 continued : 110 matt hey , I be do you a favor here . I could go out there right now and fuck you up , so get a better attitude . then what ? how would you get the nerve to ask she out ? Brian drop he head , rub he temple . matt ( cont 'd ) I want to know what make a person cross that line . be it about the deal ? be that when you decide she be for you ? brian speer no , no . it 's not what you think . it just happen . matt nothing just happen . brian speer everything just happen . matt be she go to leave I ? brian speer she would have . but I , I , uh ... I do not want that . that would not have happen . I love Julie . ( anguish ) please do not tell she . please . I do not know what I have do . I be sorry . matt do she say she love you ? Brian nod slightly . matt ( cont 'd ) do you love she ? Brian look down . matt ( cont 'd ) you do not love she . you do not love she . you just use she to get to I . brian speer no , I tell you . I be not try to get to you . ( more ) ( continued ) 95 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 brian speer ( cont 'd ) it be a affair , a attraction . sex . and she get sort of ... carry away with the whole thing , and I guess I go with it . I mean , I do not exactly say no to thing . I should have . I love my family . matt then I guess it 's all work out . her lip be seal , and you do not have to go through the trouble of dump she . brian speer hey , hey , that 's really unfair . I have - - have -- a lot of respect for she . she 's a wonderful woman . matt too bad she husband find out . you can not win `em all . one more question . have you ever be inside my bedroom ? brian speer ( torture ) once . matt you could have have the decency to lie about that one . well , she 's in Queen 's Hospital if you want to say goodbye . that really be all I come to say . brian speer should not you be with she ? Matt 's face slacken into overwhelming sadness . 111 ext . hanalei BAY cottage - night 111 Matt swing the screen door open . Alex sit with Julie . skylar and colt be still run around the yard . matt yeah , great , all remodel , new appliance . Nice . Alex , we should be get back . julie well , hey , thanks for stop by . really nice to meet you both . maybe we will see you at the beach tomorrow . ( continued ) 96 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 111 continued : 111 alexandra yeah , maybe . after Alex and Julie share a quick kiss goodbye -- a common custom in Hawaii -- Julie turn to Matt . Matt lean in , but instead of go for she cheek , he kiss she fully on the lip . he pull away , and they exchange a brief , vaguely erotic look . then he turn away and into the night . 112 int . airplane - night 112 the plane be dark except for overhead reading light . again Matt , sid and the girl sit at the very back of the plane . alexandra so when do you think he will show up ? matt I have no idea . sid lean forward from the middle seat . sid be he sorry ? I hope he be sorry , man . you could have tell he wife , and you do not . I hope he know how lucky he be . I would have tell she everything . she deserve to know . or else she 's go to be a dumb bitch the rest of she life . alexandra sid. sid I be just say . matt no need to get creepy . anyway , do not matter . that 's all behind we . alexandra yeah , the one we have to worry about tell thing to now be scottie . matt I have ask Dr. johnston to help we break the news tomorrow . ( continued ) 97 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 112 continued : 112 they turn to look at little scottie , dead to the world in the window seat . 113 int . hospice hallway - day 113 Matt and the kid walk slowly through this different , calmer wing of the hospital look for the right room - number . finally they find it and push open the door into -- 114 int . hospice room - continuous 114 while still a hospital room , there be no medical equipment present . bucolic colorful painting on the wall be intend to be uplift . but unlike the expansive view outside Elizabeth 's icu window , here the window look out partially at a cinder -block wall . sid and the king be greet by dr . johnston and grief counselor dr . herman , who affect a comforting smile . dr . johnston hello , everyone . Matt . ( off they greeting ) this be Dr. herman , whom I tell you about . she work with we in counseling . dr . herman ( lock eye with all ) hello , everyone . hello . hi. hello . the two professional allow the king to turn they attention to Elizabeth , who now lie with no machine at all . around she balloon droop , flowers will , get - well card lie in a pile . Elizabeth too be wilting and droop . her skin be pasty , and she cheek be hollow . scottie how come Mom be not on any more machine ? be she get better ? the adult exchange glance . Dr. herman approach scottie . dr . herman you must be scottie . ( off she nod --) scottie , I have a present for you . Dr. herman hand she a little squeaky rubber octopus she pull from she pocket . ( continued ) 98 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 114 continued : 114 dr . herman ( cont 'd ) that 's right . it 's a octopus . such a funny creature with its eight leg . but do you know octopi be actually extremely intelligent , like dog and cat ? they have unique personality , and just like we they have a lot of defense mechanism . I be sure you know about the ink sac . she use ink to confuse she predator . she can camouflage herself . she can emit poison , and some can mimic more dangerous creature , like the eel . I keep she to remind I of we defense mechanism -- we ink , we camouflage , we poison , all the thing we use to keep away hurt . the reason Dr. johnston invite I here today be to meet you , scottie . I have hear a lot about you . scottie like what ? dr . herman I have hear that you be a wonderful and unique and spirite girl . Dr. herman shoot a look at Matt before continue . dr . herman ( cont 'd ) and I have hear you mom 's not do too well and that she 's go to die very soon . all watch scottie react to this news . scottie dad , be that true ? matt yes , scottie . it 's true . dr . herman you be go to have to be a very brave girl right now , and you be surround by people who love you . I come to meet you and tell you that if you ever want to talk about what you be feel , I would like to talk to you too . I can help you face what 's go on without all the silly defense mechanism that work for a octopus but not for we . ( continued ) 99 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 114 continued : ( 2 ) 114 dr . johnston okay . thank you , Dr. herman . Dr. herman look at everyone with great sincerity before leave . scottie be leave hold the octopus . she drop it , and it squeak a little . alexandra what the fuck be that ? dr . johnston yes , well , they say she 's very good one - on -one . scottie so Mom 's go to die for sure ? dr . johnston yes . we work really hard with she , but three other doctor and I agree she 's in what we call a irreversible coma . do you know what that mean ? scottie it mean she do not have a brain anymore . dr . johnston not exactly , but ... yes , that 's the general idea . so we be do exactly what she want we to do if that ever happen . that 's why she 's not attach to the machine anymore . alexandra it 's for the best , scottie . look at she . she 's not happy like this . dr . johnston the purpose of medicine be to heal , and we can not do that now . matt do you understand ? scottie yes . what will we do with she body ? Dr. johnston look to Matt for this one . ( continued ) 100 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 114 continued : ( 3 ) 114 matt first Mom 's go to give some of she organ to other sick people , so she can help save they life . that 's a really neat thing she 's do . then we be go to ... we be go to scatter she ash in the ocean . you know how Mom always love the ocean . scottie her ash ? scottie look at she mother , picture she as ash . scottie ( cont 'd ) when will she die ? dr . johnston any day now , I be afraid . but you still have some time . dr . johnston ( cont 'd ) well . let I know if you have any more question . matt thanks , Sam . the doctor leave , and the room be quiet . scottie be in a sort of trance . alexandra come here , scottie . scottie go to she sister , who take she in she arm . scottie do eyeball burn ? sid hey , scottie . do not think about stuff like that . 115 int . hospice room - the next day 115 Matt and the kid sit in a sort of vigil . Alex and scottie read book , Matt have bring some paperwork , sid read a magazine . Elizabeth emit a sigh . all look up a moment before look back down . ( continued ) 101 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 115 continued : 115 Matt 's phone vibrate . check the caller id -- hugh king -- he opt not to answer . the door open , and Elizabeth 's brother barry thorson accompany he parent Scott and Alice into the room . scott thorson here we be . ( to scottie ) hi , bingo . Alex . cheerful Alice do not really get what 's go on . a emotional Barry hug Matt and the girl . scott thorson ( cont 'd ) ( eyeing sid ) there you be again . Matt and Alex maneuver seat for the thorson to sit near the bed . Barry get he mother situate , then take a seat himself . remain on he foot , old Scott survey he daughter from a distance . scott thorson ( cont 'd ) so what do you decide ? matt there 's not much leave to decide . we be just sort of play it by ear and make sure she 's comfortable . scott thorson I mean what do you decide about the buyer ? who 's you buyer ? even sid and he daughter perk up at this question . Matt be take aback . scott thorson ( cont 'd ) how much be you get ? barry thorson dad , I be sure you will be able to read about it in the paper . scott thorson I do not need to read about it . I can hear about it right now . ( continued ) 102 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 matt Scott , let 's not talk about that here . it 's not the time for that . scott thorson all the same to you , I guess . a million here , a million there . just ironic , that 's all -- Elizabeth come into this misfortune just as you be come into a fortune . she give you everything , Matt . a good , happy home , two beautiful daughter . Matt look to Barry for help , but Barry 's silence and sheepish look imply he busy into he father 's propaganda . matt Scott , what 's you point ? scott thorson she want she own boat . she should have have she own boat , one she would have be familiar with . matt she be not even drive ! her boat , someone else 's boat -- it would not have make any difference . you be not go to blame I for this . scott thorson sure , sure , quibble about the detail . she be a faithful , devote wife . she deserve more . why fight it ? matt you be right . she deserve more . sid for Christ 's sake , take it easy on the man . Scott turn to sid like he 's about to pop he again . alexandra my father have be do a really amazing job under the circumstance . his point make , Scott look at Matt and the girl and shuffles to Elizabeth 's bedside , put he hand on Alice 's shoulder . ( continued ) 103 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 115 continued : ( 3 ) 115 alice be we ready to go ? barry thorson no , Mom . not yet . matt ( gesture toward the door ) Girls , sid. Matt , sid and the girl quietly go into -- 116 int . hospice hallway - continuous 116 -- where they take a few step away . sid man , that guy 's a prick . be he always like that ? matt yep . scottie have stay behind to peek through a crack in the door . notice , the other join she . through the door -- as Barry and Alice remain seat , they back to we , Scott stand above he daughter , touch she arm , eye close . sid be he praying ? matt no . scott thorson ( open he eye ) say goodbye to Elizabeth , Alice . alice oh. Goodbye , Elizabeth . the old man put he hand over he mouth and squeeze he eye shut . then he open he eye and place a hand on she forehead , smooth she hair back . wide -- Matt and he daughter watch without move . dissolve to : 104 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 117 int . king house - matte study - night 117 Matt sit at he desk lose in think . the only sound be the tick -tock of a old clock read 3:20 . then he get up and start pace , shoot occasional glance at the blueprint and renderings atop he desk . dissolve to : 118 ext . highway outside king family share property - day 118 Matt turn off the highway and into a long driveway . 119 int . king family share property house - day 119 Matt open all front door and lanai door , let air into the old place . he notice old photo of king ancestor . 120 ext . king family share property - day 120 Matt walk around the property alone , take it in and think . like everywhere in hawai 'i , the nature here be powerful -- tree , bird , spiderwebs . 121 ext . king family share property house - day 121 Matt plop heavily into a chair on the lanai . wider -- Matt alone . dissolve to -- 122 ext . king family share property house - later 122 it 's the same angle but now with forty king cousins gather for the poll . we recognize some face . closer -- amid drink hold aloft , a calabash be pass among the cousin into which the each place a fold ballot . Matt sit watch the proceedings with cousin Hugh , cousin six and another elderly cousin at a table pile with papers and contract . matt Elizabeth 's not do well . cousin hugh she will be okay . she 's a fighter . ( continued ) 105 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 122 continued : 122 matt no . she 's die . we take she off the machine . later -- Matt , Hugh and six finish the count while other mill about , mingle , drink -- a early celebration for all except for a group of dissenter off to one side . cousin hugh well , no surprise . other than the holdout who do not want to sell at all , it 's Don holitzer . Chicago group a distant second . feel good . we be do the right thing , mattie . at least there be not go to be any Wal - Mart . now it 's you call , and we be all behind you , most of we anyway . ( hand he a pen ) go ahead , Captain . make it official . matt it 's strange , that 's all . cousin hugh what 's strange ? matt we do not do anything to own that land . it be entrust to we . and now we be just ... Hugh and six exchange a concerned look . for a moment we go very close on Matt 's eye . then -- matt ( cont 'd ) I can not do it . I will not do it . I be not go to sign . cousin hugh what be you do , Matt ? I mean , we know you have a lot on you plate right now , but you be not go to fuck this up for we . it 's over . if we do not sell now , it will be a mess when the trust dissolves . just sign , go to you wife , do . ( continued ) 105a . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 122 continued : ( 2 ) 122 cousin six it 's inevitable , Matt . you know that . we will get out of debt -- the tax and maintenance have be leaching we for far too long . ( continued ) 106 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 122 continued : ( 3 ) 122 matt I do not want it to go to holitzer . I do not want it to go to anyone . I want to keep it . cousin six for Christ 's sake . we can not move without you approval . and we do not want to . Hugh try force Matt 's hand . Matt resist . cousin hugh you head 's not right , mattie . you head 's not right . you want a couple day to think it over ? take a couple day . matt I do not need a couple day . I have the authority , and this be what I want . I have not want something in a long time . we have other business we be convert to corporation . we can figure it out . cousin six but it 's utterly unproductive land . it do not generate enough income to pay the goddamn tax . cousin hugh you be the trustee . you know better than anyone we only have seven year leave . matt then I have seven year to figure out how to keep it . cousin Hugh draw a long breath , look up at the sky , then back at Matt . cousin hugh we will come after you . just because you be a lawyer do not mean the rest of we would be afraid to come after you . but nobody want to do that . we be family . ( continued ) 107 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 122 continued : ( 4 ) 122 matt people will be relieved , Hugh , the whole state . I sign that document , it 's over . end of the line . something that be ours to protect will be go . even though we be haole as shit and go to private school and club and can not even speak pidgin , let alone Hawaiian , we still carry Hawaiian blood , and we be still tie to this land . and we child be tie to this land . it 's a miracle that for whatever bullshit reason 150 year ago , we own this much of ... paradise , but we do . and for whatever bullshit reason now , I be the trustee . and I be not signing . and if you sue I , it will only make we closer . cousin Hugh release a long breath more like a belch , quickly pick he nose , exchange a look with cousin six . then he bring he finger to he mouth to whistle . cousin hugh all right , everybody , listen up . cousin mattie have a announcement . get ready . rising to he foot , Matt scan the face of he relative . 123 int . hospital room - day 123 from the way Matt , sid and the girl be position around the room , we can tell they presence there be now way of life . scottie snooze on the little sofa . we may notice that Elizabeth be even more shrunken . a knock be follow by -- a vase of flowers appear in the doorway , top by blonde hair and hold by thin bronze arm . it 's julie speer . matt Julie . what be you do here ? he rise to help she find a spot to put the flower . she nod to the girl . julie I know we just meet , but I be think about you guy this past few day , and I know you mom be here . I do not know . I just feel I should stop by . ( continued ) 108 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 123 continued : 123 matt you remember Alex . this be scottie . sid. this be Mrs. speer . julie Julie . scottie be you friend with my mom ? julie no , we never meet . but I know a lot about she . as they now do often , Matt and Alex exchange a look . matt well , we appreciate you come by . the flower be lovely . sid ( head to the door ) scottie , Alex . let 's go to the cafeteria . the girl follow sid 's prompt , leave Matt alone with Julie , stand , a die woman between they . matt I , uh , I be not sure how much you know about my wife 's condition , but she 's go to die very soon . any minute , really . that 's sort of why we be all here . julie I know . that 's why I come . because I know . I come because my husband would not . and that just do not seem right . I think someone from my family should come . wow . matt I be sorry I come to you house like that . just barge in on you . julie it 's all right . I assume you be angry . of course you be . I be angry too . ( continued ) 109 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 123 continued : ( 2 ) 123 matt so he tell you , huh ? julie after you leave that night , he be act really weird . then I start smell it all over he . I would already smell it . matt you be a woman . julie I finally get it out of he . we have be go crazy ever since . not easy with the kid around . it 's all something I never could have imagine . and then you family 's decision about the land . I think you be do the right thing , but Brian be -- well , it 's all so complicated and confusing . matt I know . julie Brian tell I everything . well , how can I ever know it 's everything ? when do you find out ? have you know for a while ? matt just a few day ago . julie I be angry , but I be just so sorry . I can not imagine what you be go through . do you mind if I say something to she ? Matt be unsure but what else can he do ? Julie approach the bed . julie ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth , I be Julie . Brian 's wife . I just want to say I forgive you . I forgive you for try to take Brian . I forgive you for almost destroy my family . I have to forgive you . even though I want to hate you . ( continued ) 110 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 123 continued : ( 3 ) 123 matt okay . all right . that 's enough , Julie . I think ... I think that 's enough . Matt walk to the door and open it . Alex and sid -- who have clearly have they ear against the door -- scamper away , unnotice by Matt and Julie . matt ( cont 'd ) he do not love she . just so you know . he do not really love she . julie that 's why I be here . Julie head to the door . at the door , she look at Matt . Matt look at she . she leave . Matt be leave alone with he wife , and he realize suddenly that this be he moment . he walk to the bed , take she hand , rub he palm over she hair . he say something to she as though silently praying , then realize he should say it aloud . he press he lip to hers and put he hand on she stomach . matt Goodbye , Elizabeth . Goodbye , my love , my friend , my pain , my joy . Goodbye . Goodbye . Goodbye . 124 int . hospice hallway - day 124 the door to Elizabeth 's room open , and alexandra emerge , a far- away sadness on she face . she walk slowly toward -- a nearby waiting area -- where Matt sit with scottie and sid. Matt and sid rise to comfort she , but she 's not in the mood . she allow they each to hug she briefly before turn to scottie . signale to Matt to let she do this , Alex escort a fearful scottie toward Elizabeth 's room , and , reassure she , guide she little sister inside . Matt and sid be leave alone . 125 ext . montage - day 125 to be determine . 111 - the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 112 . 126 ext . the ocean - day 126 paddle in the water . a BOX encircled by leis sit tie to the seat of a small outrigger canoe . matt and the girl navigate the canoe through the surf . scottie how far do we have to go ? matt not that far . just past the break . alexandra steer straighter , dad . and a little faster , okay ? matt I be try . 127 later -- 127 ( continued ) 113. the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 127 continued : 127 Matt and the girl simply float , glance from time to time * at the urn in scottie 's lap . in the distance loom the hotel * and high -rise of waikiki . * matt * well , here we be , just the four of we . * for the last time . * ( then --) * Alex , why do not you start ? scottie , * hand she the box . * scottie do so . alexandra take the box reverently -- she * want to perform this sad , strange ceremony without mess * up . * she open the box and pull out a scoop of ash , which * scottie look at unblink . Alex look to Matt , who give * she the go-ahead , and without further ceremony pour they * into the sea . * the ash * fall densely in one spot , then slowly darken the water and * disappear . * Alex look down , strike by the weirdness of it all , before * glance up at Matt . * matt ( cont 'd ) * scottie , you be next . go ahead , it 's * okay . * Alex pass the box and scooper to scottie . * scottie * what should I say ? * alexandra * just say goodbye . * scottie look at Alex and scoops out a pile , hold they at * eye -level , and pause . * matt * come on , scottie . it 's okay . * scottie * ( finally ) * bye , Mom . * a sad scottie pour she scoop into the water . all look down * as the ash descend . * ( continued ) 113a . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 matt * all right , scottie , here . pass that to * I . good job . * now Matt take he turn . he look directly inside the urn at * the ash that be once he wife . * angle on the ash -- he Pov * a complex series of emotion pass over he face -- love , * grief , disappointment , resignation . * without further ceremony he upend the BOX over the water and * pour the rest of Elizabeth into the ocean . * all three take a long look as the mass of ash disappear . * Matt take off he lei and place it into the water . the * girl follow suit . * wide angle of the boat float as the leis float away . * 128 int . king house - night 128 scottie lie on a sofa watch television , drape with the quilt that lay atop she mother 's hospital bed . Matt come over with two dish , hand one to she . matt one scoop strawberry , one scoop mocha chip . scottie great . Matt get under the quilt with she . moment later alexandra wander in , notice what they be watch , sit next to Matt , pull the quilt over she leg . alexandra can I have some ? ( continued ) 114 . the descendant pink shoot draft 4/11/10 draft 128 continued : 128 his eye not leave the tv , Matt hand Alex he ice cream . as they sit there on the sofa , the credit roll quietly over they . the end