revised : 2714 , 2/23 , 2/26 , 2/28 , 3 / 1 , 3 / 2 , 3 /5 , 3 / 6 , 3 /7 , 3 /8 , 3/9 , 3/12,3/13,3/15 final draft February . 9 , 1979 '' the jerk " Steve Martin Carl gottlieb Michael elias Carl reiner aspen film society 8271 melrose , suite 204 Los Angeles , CA 90046 213/653-9511 '' rev.3/12 ° fade in : ext , theatre - night 1 glamorous open night crowd arrive at a hit show ; limousine discharge woman in fur , man in tuxedo , flashbulb pop for celebrity arrival , chime announce curtain time , the lobby light blink invitingly . we move in cn this , a3 if arrive for the show , only to pan off to a alley alongside th2 theatre , where a squalid derelict lie half - conscious against the wall , hand clutching a ratty paper bag wrap 's around a bottle of muscatel , meager belong - ing cramme into a batter old suitcase tie with clothesline and a necktie . close on the bum ~ 2 it 's navin , red-ey and whiskered , the bottom of the barrel . he look directly into camera . navin my story ...? I have not always be like this . I once have wealth , power , and the love of a beautiful woman . now , I only have two thing ... my dignity ... and my pride ... a janitor hose the alley down directly spraying navin . navin ( continue ; recover ) it be never easy for I ... music optical effect begin to lead we into a flash - back . navin ( continue ) .«». I be bear a-poor black child ... ' ripple dissolve to : oo rev.2/23 * ext . sharecropper's cabin in MISSISSIPPI - day 3 it 's a lazy Sunday afternoon , and a black family ( mother , father , grandma , and eight child range from 24 to 7 year of age ) be quietly absorb in routine task . two black man , uncle sonny and cousin * brownie play a rouse gospel type song and the family join in ; some of the other keep time and play harmonic : . navin , dress and place as one of the family , be nodd happily out of tempo . when the blue finish , he be the only one to applaud . as he look around sheep - ~ ishly : | CUT to : int . cabin - night 4 the familv be at dinner , mother be serve . mother here 's cornbread , and green , and some of that hog maw you like , and leave room for some sweet potato pie ... father mother , be not you forgettin ' something ? mother not at all -- listen , everybody , today be navin 's birthday and I cook he up he favorite meal ... the family react with joy and enthusiasm . navin gee , Mom -- thanks . mother ( produce a tray ) : tunafish salad on white bread with mayonnaise , a tab , and a couple of twinkies ... | the twinkies have candle stick through the cellophane . everyone sing as navin get he birthday meal . tas mmm-mmm -- I know you be gonna like that shit . : ( continued ) oo S 4 ~~ ~ 5 '' ~~ '' 6 rev.3/12 continued : . 4 elvira ( age twelve ) here , navin -- I make it in school ... she give he a little leather wallet . tat i get you somethin’ too ... a half bottle of lilac vegetal . I get it at a estate saie . he hand navin a unwrapped bottle . the other press around with inexpensive , sincere gift , include the littlest kid 's contribution , a grade - school crayon family portrait : nine black face and one conspicuously blank white one . ~ . family ( ad lib ) here you be ... this be for you .-. hope you like it ... etc . close on navin , 5 he be overwhelm by this generosity . navin . thank you ... thank you ... God bless we , every one ... his eye fill with tear , and he bolt from the table , disappear into a bedroom , . tai what 's the matter now ? elvira momma , why 's navin cry ? mother . because you all make he so happy . eat you dinner . i'11l talk to he ... she go in after he , carry the twinkies . cuT to : int , boy ' bedroom - night . 6 there be three bed in the room . navin be lie on the quilt , sobbing . ( continued ) '' rev.3/ 13 , + 3a. 6 continued : 6 navin aw , Mom , I be sorry I spoiled the party ... ( continued ) 6 continued : they hug . mother I bring you twinkie . navin I be not hungry . mother you feelin ' ' different 's again ? navin it 's like I do not belong here , like I do not fit in . mother Son , it 's you birthday , and it 's time you know . you be not we naturel - bear child . navin I be not ? mother you be leave on we doorstep , and we vaise you like you be one of we . navin you mean I be go to stay this eclor ... ughhh . mom oh , son , I would love you if you be the color of a baboon 's ass . navin be hugging he Mom , try to absorb this information . Taj , the eldest , stick he head in the door . tai I wrap you sandwich in cellophane , just how you like it . ~ you wanna come in and sing some blue ? navin no thanks . there 's something about that song , they -- they depress I . , Taj exit , and a moment later we hear the family launch into a full Mississippi Delta rural blue . Mom leave navin and go to join then , '' ) int . bedroom - night 7 navin be lie in the middle of a double bed with he four black brother . in the background we can hear the radio playing . radio voice ( v.0 . ) ... and that conclude this Sunday night Gospel hour , live from the four Square Gospel Church of Divine salvation in St. Louis , Missouri , the reverend willard * willman , pastor . navin stare into the night . the program change . announcer ( v.0 . ) and now , musit throughout the night ; music in a mellow mood . one of the fifty 's most forgettable standard in a stupid lawrence welk Society orchestra arrangement . navin look up , catch by something . it 's he theme , he music . the rhythm continue , navin begin to snap he finger and tap he foot , this time definitely on the beat . he climb over he brother , and glide into the liv~ ing room . int . live room - night 8 the music have shift to another danceable 4 / 4 fox - trot . navin be box-stepp and dip like crazy . the light go on from he parent ' bedroom , and he mother , sleepy in curler and nightdress , emerge . other in the family wake up to see what 's go on . father ( 0.5 . } what in the hell be that noise ? mother . navin ~- be that - you ? navin elvira , leroy , Mom , dad , satch , Pierre ... listen ! this be a music I have never hear before ! listen to itl ] it speak to I . oh , T know there 's life out there ... it 's the kind of music that tell I to go out there and be somebody ! che sing ) you ... stole my heart away ... you ... ( continued ) 8a rev . 5/7¢ continued : 8 mother . but navin ... father ( sigh ) let he go . navin what happen ? come on back . I know you out there . come on back . they stare at he in amazement as he waltze around the room in ecstasy , and we ... fade out . ext side of house day * navin and dad stop behind the house . dad Son , now that you be goin ' out in the world , there 's something ' you should know . see that ? ( he point to the ground ) that 's shit . ( he reach in he pocket . and take out a can ) and this be shinola . navin shit ... shinola . dad Son , you gonna be ali right . ext . cabin - day 9 navin be bid he family goodbye . mother and remember -- the Lord love a work man . navin Lord love a work man . * father and , son , do not never , ever trust whitey . navin do not trust whitey . Lord * love a work man . do not trust whitey . daddy . Pierre , do not forget to grow up . 6 B 10 rev . 5/79 6a continued 62 father let the boy go . we get work to do . mother I hope you find whatever it be you be lookin’ for , son . navin I will -- I know it 's out there . tat ( take navin aside ) it 's out there and if you catch it , go to a doctor and get rid of it . navin * Goodbye , taj. grandma . hug and kiss all around . profound , sincere fare - well . this be goodbye . navin step away , and walk proudly out through the garden gate . then he stand in the road , put out he thumb , and wait for a hitch . the family stand around patiently , then , one by one , drift off -- the kid to school , pop to work , Mom into the house . navin wait , and wait . int . cabin - night 10 the family be seat around the dinner table eat they dinner . mother I sho ' do miss navin ... ( continued ) 10 1l 12 13 rev.3/13 continued : 10 elvira be he ever comin ' back ? father take he place settin ' away ... it 's makin 's we too goddamn sad ! tat I will take he ... ( grab a ear of corn from platter ) mother ( wearily ) I wonder if he 's doin’ all right ? elvira get up from the table and go to the window and shout outside . elvira how you doin ' , navin ! ext . country road - night 11 navin be still stand in the same spot . navin I be okay !... do not worry about I . I think I see a car come !... oh ... wait !... no , it 's a truck ! int . cabin - night 12 - mother God , take care of we little boy . ext . country ruad - night : 13 a dilapidate farm truck have just stop in front of navin . it be drive by a elderly farmer . farmer how far you goin ' , son ? navin St. Louis . how far be you go ? farmer ( point ) well , I be just goin ' up to that fence there . ( continued ) ' 13 14 15 through 18 19 20 continued : 13 we see a fence which be about twelve foot by where navin be stand . navin debate for a moment -- he throw he bag into the truck and hop in . int . truck cab - night 14 the truck start up and begin to roll . navin ( enthusiastically ) 's hil ... I be navin Johnson ... what 's you name , sir ? farmer well , here we be . navin get out of the truck and retrieve he bag . as the truck drive off and make a right turn , navin shout : navin . thanks for the company !... I hope I can repay you someday ! : navin turn back toward the road and put he thumb out . quick cut - navin on the road 15 . through -- get a lift with a big semi . 18 -- hitching in the rain . -- trudge down a empty uighway , a large city in the distance . get out of a car in a downtown area . ext . motel - day . 19 the sign outside read : " firebird motel " int . motel room - day 20 navin be pleased with he room ; it 's sparse , but clean . what a bargain ! he walk over to the window and pull the drape open . a roaring 747 fly towards he face . at the last moment , it gain altitude and skim over the roof of the motel . dissolve to : 2 21 22 23 rev.2/23 int . motel room - night . 21 navin be sound asleep . we hear a scratching at the door , then a dog barking . navin wake ; he hear it , too . the bark become more insistent . navin go to the door and open it . there be a dog , bark frantically . navin what be it , boy ?... , trouble ?... well , what be it ?... a accident ?... the dog growl negatively . navin ( continue ) ... a drown ?... the dog growl negatively again . navin ( continue ) a fire ! the dog bark excitedly . navin rush into the room and collect he belonging . navin ( continue ) I have hear about dog like youl . you be gonna get you picture in the paper ... you be gonna be famous . come on , we get to warn everybody !... gosh ... this be exciting : int . hallway - night 22 navin run to a door and pound . navin wooft ... woof !... I ... I mean fire ! Fire ! there 's a fire ! he continue to run down the hall knock on door , shouting " Fire ! " the motel door begin to open and people start exite from they room . ext . motel parking lot - night : 23 navin and the dog stand as the motel empty out : hooker , shriner , tourist , salesmen , etc . they assemble in the parking lot in front of the motel . navin bend down to talk to the dog . ( continued ) * rev.2/23 10 . : 2 23 continued : navin 3 who do you belong to pooch ? * navin read the tage . navin ( continue ) there 's no name ... you do not * belong to anybody ... it just say you be allergic to penicillin ... well , I will give you a name , lifesaver ... you save ail this life ... the dog put he head down . navin ( continue ) you be go to be my dog , lifesaver ! first tourist | hey !... there 's no fire ! second tourist whe yell fire ?! third tourist I be sound asleep ! FOURTH tourist I be watch t.v.! navin I be take a shower ! the crowd grumble and return inside the motel . elderly lady * that 's a nice dog , mister . what 's he name ? navin oh , he ?... shithead . ( walk away and turn back to dog ) c'mon , shithead . 24 ext . gas station - day 24 a truck pull up , drop off navin and the dog . they head for the office . rev. 5/79 will . 25 int gas station office - day 25 a older man , harry hartounian , the imigrant owner of this station , be stack can of engine additive . harry * mmop } hey : where be you goin ? navin * to the bathroom . ' barry * you need a key . navin * oh ! can I get one ? harry * no , it 's only for customer who by gas . navin * I be buyin ' gas . harry * I do not see you car . navin * I just need enough for my lighter . harry * and my wife do not want I to come in today . I would have miss a whole lighter fill up . it 's hang on the wall . navin * thanks . ( get key ) 26 navin 26 with difficulty , drag the brake drum and unlock the deor to the restroom and enter it . we hear the SOUND of navin peeing . Harry stand by the door and yell at navin . harry hey ... pap top ! navin ( 0.s. ) huh ?... ( continued ) 12 . 26 continued : , 26 harry hey ... silverbird ! I be talk to you . navin continue pee . harry ( continue ) you want to be president of texaco , o11 ? navin ( 0.s. ) sure ! harry clean up the sink in there ! navin ( 0.s. ) then I will be president of texaco 011 ? harry ( mimick ) then I will be president ... whatever happen to work you way up ? kid today !... they do not want to start at the bottom and work they way up ... they want to start at the top and work they way sideways ! you be not work here ten minute and already you want to be president ! navin ( 0.s. ) but , sir , I do not work here . harry ( cun ) oh , not even for ... a dollar-ten a hour ? the bathroom door open slowly and we see navin stare in disbelief . : navin wha ... you will pay I $ 1.10 if I work here a hour ? harry you betcha . navin ( catch on ) what if I work two hour ? ( continued ) 26 27 28 continued : 13 . ( 2 ) 26 harry - : then I pay you $ 2.20 . just like that . navin what about eight hour ? harry $ 8 , 80 . navin what about fourteen and one-half hour ?... harry $ 15.95 . ~ navin '' what about nine and three - quarter ?... harry $ 10.72-1/2. navin what about eighteen hour and twenty - six minute ... harry : ( interrupt ) look !... however long you work , I pay you $ 1.10 a hour. ( point ) see that mop , see that bucket , you know what to do . navin yes , sir ! navin proceed to mop the inside of the bucket . quick cut , 27 navin mop the garage floor . int . gas station office - day 28 one hour later . navin approach Harry at the register . harry what ? ( continued ) 28 29 30 14 , continued : 28 navin I 's be a hour . you owe I $ 1.10 . harry so? navin ( repeat , patiently ) * it 's be a hour , so you owe I a dollar and ten cent . harry oh . he fish in register , give navin a dollar and a dime . navin thanks he , and sprint back to work , happy at he new job . dissolve to : montage - 29 navin work like a demon , wash , polish , stack - ing , straighten . every now and again he check the clock on the wall . each hour , he approach Harry for another hour 's wage . finally ... dissolve to : int . gas station office - day 30 harry look . I tell you what . instead of pay you $ 1.10 every hour ... navin give he a suspicious look . be whitey try to cut he wage ? harry ( continue ) you keep track of how many hour you work , and I will pay you at the end of the week . navin let I ge this straight . you will pay I or every hour I work in a wee ( continued ) 30 31 32 15 . continued : 30 harry sure . Harry nod appreciatively . navin fifty , sixty , even seventy hour ? $ 1.10 for each hour ? harry absolutely . navin indicate " this be a great deal -- this old man must be nut ...'’ they shake hand on it . '' wavin remember -- as many hour as I want ... CUT to : ext . gas station - day 31 navin be on a ladder , hang what be obviously he own hand - lettere sign -- " OPEN all night . " CUT to : ext . roadside - the next day 32 navin be posting a letter at a mailbox across the way from the gas station . he turn and sprint back to the gas station as we hear : navin ( v.0 . ) " dear Mom , I get this great job in a gas station . I do not want to say just how much I be get , but let 's just say it 's a lot . I be enclose two dollar ... the follow should fade down as the next come up : navin ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) . '... it 's a lot of fim work and Mr. hartounian be really nice . he be teach I how to be impatient . well , I have get to go now . what do you think I do ?... write letter all day ? you loving son , navin . ' rev. 3/12 16 . 33 '' omitted 33 34 34 35 ext . station carport - day 35 navin cross to a dolly that slide under a car . on it be a blanket and a small pillow which he make up as a bed . dartounian enter . harry how come you get no place to stay ? navin well , I want to get a decorator first ... , and the carpete I want just be not available now ... harry ( gently ) navin , you be the son I have always want , and I be glad I do not get he because now that I see it ... I do not want it ... come with I . they start to walk . harry ( continue ) you be just like I , a dreamer ... fifty year ago I come to this country with nothing . today I get this gas station , a little split - level in the suburb and a telephone . people call I up ... hello , Mr. hartounian , it 's a pleasure to talk to you on the phone . navin follow Harry into the toilet . 35a int . toilet - day . 354 a man be at the urinal . harry navin -- I be gonna give you a nice place to stay . ( continued ) rev.3/12_ i7 . 35a continued , 35 a navin this be fabulous . I can put the kitchen over here ... and I will put up a wall ... it will give the impression of two room . harry mot this . in there : Harry open a door in the back wall of the toilet . 36 18 . int . navin be room - day 36 they enter . Harry turn on a naked light bulb and illuminate a bare storage room ... oil , battery and car part be store . harry it 's a great place -- nce kitchen , no bathroom , no window ; it 's a masterpiece of understatement ... I will put a bed in here , a bigger bulb ... I will bring some sheet > from home and you be set for life . navin cosh ! how much will it cost I ? '' harry , nothing . someday when you be rich and famous , you will send I a postcard . navin think it over ... finally : navin a postcard , huh ? well , okay , it 's a deal . they shake hand . harry ( take out a pencil ) navin , you be a good boy ... I be write something down here ... I be go to put it in this little envelope ... ( do so and hand it to navin ) ... and someday when you be at the bottom of the barrel and the bottom start to fall out ... and you can not stand the pain and you feel like you be walk around with you pants around you ankle , you open this up and you will read something that will take the pain away . navin ( look at envelope ) thanks , Harry . ( continued ) 36 37 38 19 . continued : 36 navin turn and hit he head on a jutting beam . he scream , plop onto a crate and start open the envelope . harry what be you do ? he grab the envelope . navin * I be in pain . harry you do not waste wisdom like this for a pain like that . he stuff the envelope in navin 's pocket . harry ( continue ) save this for a big pain . int . navin be room - day 37 neatly furnish in gas station leftover : chair make from tire , crate , jack hold up a table - for. etc . navin be stare at a new phone . SOUND : no . navin let it ring four or five time . navin ( run to door and shout out ) Mr. hartounian ! it 's work ! it 's ringing ! int . garage office - day 38 harry — I know . I ring you ... can I hang up now ? navin ( 0.s . ) no ... let I see if the talk part work ... 39 394 40 Al int . navin' rocm navin run back to the phone and gingerly pick up the receiver and stare into it at arm length . harry ( v.0 . ) hello , hello ... mister , I be talk to you ! navin Harry , it work great ! it 's . unbelievable ... it 's a miracle ! it sound like you be in the next room . Harry , I owe you so much . int . garage offior .= day -. harry no. I owe you . at last I know the true meaning of the word shmuck . omitted ext . gas station - day rev.3/13 20 . 39 39 a 40 41 navin be stack new oil can out of carton and put - ting they in a rack . , Harry and he wife , a gorgeous 30 - year-old , voluptuous blonde , drive up in they new impala to the gas pump . Harry get out of the car to talk to navin . navin Mr. hartounian , you say you be not go to come in today . harry I want to show you something ... look at this ... . ( point to wife in car ) . navin , this be my wife , lenore . navin please to meet you ... Harry have tell I so little about you . lenore please to meet you . ( continued ) * 41 42 43 rev.3/15 * 2l. continued : 41 harry the only reason a woman of such pulchritude be bother with a person like I be because I make a good live . ( beat ) this be the first time I be leave vou alone on a Sunday . '' if anything happen to this station , this woman here will leave I like a shot ! do you know what I mean ?... no more ... . he make a humping gesture and start back to he car . harry ( continue ) look at it this way ... Guard the station with you life !... my sex life be in you hand ! Harry start out . omitted 42 ext . gas station - pay . 43 a dilapidate , low-ride buick drive ominously and noisily into the station ... Inside be four rough - look punk , the car undulate as it come to a stop . navin come to car . * navin I can fix that shock . * 1st punk no , we just want some gas man . * navin okay ... but it 's Sunday and we * only take credit card . 1st punk oh , all the cash be lock up ? . navin oh , no ... not lock up . - ( more ) . ( continued ) 43 44 45 rev . 3/15 22. continued : 43 navin ( cont 'd ) we get a lot of cash , but it 's just that I be not allow to have cash come in or go out because the bank be close you know . people today will kill you for a buck . you know the type ... they would rip I apart . you can not flash this kind of money . that 's why we get to have a credit card ! he flash a wad of money . ist punk ( exchange glance with rest of crowd ) hey , Turk ! do not we get a credit card back there ? angle on turk 44 who root through several lady ' handbags until he produce a credit card and give it to lst punk . 1st punk you take a master charge ? he hand it to navin . navin yes ... ( take card ) thank you . you want a fill - up , uh ... ( look at card ) Mrs. nussbaum ? 1st punk ( with thick , Spanish accent ) I be Mr. nussbaum ... this be my wife 's card . 2nd punk it1l vouch for he . navin right ! another angle ! 45 navin start to gas car and absentmindedly thumb through master charge cancellation book , suddenly recognize that Mrs. nussbaum 's card be steal ... ( continued ) * o~ 45 46 run 2 47 48 on rev.3/5 23.0 continued : 45 navin . ( ineredulously , - mumble ) stolen ! navin boit to the office . int . garage office - pay 46 navin race in , grab the phone and dial the police number , which be tack above the phone . navin ( agitatedly , into phone ) I have get it ! just send a police car over ... oh ?... Mrs. nussbaum 's card ... I have get the guy who steal it ... SOUND : car horn . navin ( continue ) they be call I ... hang on , I will be right back . navin exit . ext . garage - day 47 navin come up to car . 1st punk throw a couple of tire in the trunk and put it on the card . navin : yessir ! navin race out . int . garage office - day : 48 navin run to phone . navin ( into phone ) I be back ... it 's worse than I think ! ( more ) om : 48 49 7 >~ o~ ad rev.3/5 24 . continued : 48 navin ( cont 'd ) they be not only go to stick we for gas but they be grab tire and everything ... they be really sock it to we ... it 's hartounian 's Gas Station ... at the corner of ... SOUND : car horn . - . navin ( continue ) hold on . ( start out ; stop ; into phone ) do not worry . '' I can keep ‘em here ... I see this trick in the movie ... he run off . ext . gas station - day 49 navin rus out carry two new tire . | navin get you tire . navin open the trumk and throw they in ... he then be - trieve a heavy chain that have a hook on both end ... he slide under the rear end of the car and hook it to the axle . ' then he slither across to a church sign plant in front of a small Protestant Church . he then tie the chain around it ... we hear a hymn come from the church . navin scurries back to the gas pump . 1st punk hey , pinky ! what you do back there ? navin . ( catch ) ( grab can of oil ) you be low on oil back here . just throw in a few extra can . he throw oil can in and slam trunk . he put card into machine and start write . ( continued ) * '' 49 os t ~~ 50 51 a ~ 52 rev.3/5 25 . continued : 49 navin ( continue ) anything else ? 1st punk yeah ! we will take that money you get in you pocket . navin okay . I will put that on the card ... he do so . he bring the card around to be sign . 1st punk can I come around tomorrow and sign that ? ~ navin oh sure ... ( look at bill ) hey , you bill come to $ 209.53 ! every number different ... you win a oven mitt ... let I go get it . navin run off . int . car - day 50 ist punk you guy want to stick around for a oven mitt ? he start car . int . gas station office - day 51 in the b.g. we can see the car . navin | ( on phone ; casually ) ; whew ... I get them ... - job well do . they be hook ... four guy in a buick . they will be here for a while ... do not worry , I have rig it . it 's a blue job ... a seventy - three , four door ... ext . gas pump - pay . 52 the car start to move out of the station ... the chain grow taut . * $ 3 54 55 56 rev.3/7 26 . angle on lamp post 53 the lamp post start to bend slowly . the lamp post be uproote along with the sidewalk and church . you hear strain and groans of pipe break and the foundation be tear away . spark fly from the electric wire that be now break . the church begin to roll forward as it be be pull by the car . ini . gas station office - day , 54 navin oh phone . in the b.g. you see the car towing the church . : navin . one headlight out ... and oh yeah ... it 's go South on hurtado Street and it 's pull a sign and a small church ... no .. I do not know the license number .. but , if you see a blue buick pull a church on a chain that would be the one ... angle on the moving church 55 we see at the alter the groom , best man and minister . Left behind , the bride , father escort , and the may of honor . sitting in the pews , family and friend . int . gas station office - day 56 navin be sobbing he heart out . harry ( sympathetically ) navin ... believe I , I be not mad at you ... what do I lose ?... a couple of tire ?... navin ( sobbing ) : you trust I ... it be my first Saturday night alone and I lose . over ... two hundred dollar . of you money . harry 's look at the bright side ... we also lose a church ! : ( more ) ( continued ) * 56 57 27 . continued : . 56 harry ( cont 'd ) I should kiss you . if you would have tell I that I could get rid of 300 anti-semite for less than a dollar each I would have tell you you be crazy ! Fire you ? { should start you a pension fund . navin ( overcome ) '' gee , Mr. hartounian ... navin suddenly see something that dramatically change he mood from tear to jubilance . ~ navin ( continue ) geeee , Mr. hartounian ! ( shout ) oh , my go navin race out . CUT to : ext . gas station - day 57 navin run toward a man exite a phone company van . the man be carry several new phone book . navin rush up and practically tear one of they from the man . he quickly and intensely riffle through it . suddenly , elation ! navin rum towards Harry carry the thick telephone directory . navin ( shouting ) . the new phone book 's here !l... the new phone bock 's here ! harry . I envy you ... I wish I could get so excited about nothing . he hold open the book . os navin nothing ???... here I be -- page 73 . look at that ... Johnson , navin , R. I be somebody now . - million of people look at this book every day ! ( more ) ( continued ) 57 58 59 60 rev . 5/79 * 28 . continued : 57 navin ( cont 'd ) it 's just this kind of spontaneous publicity , you name in print , that make people . harry there 's only one thing that make people ... he make a humping gesture and sound . navin you know , when I first come to this city , I do not have a job , I do not have any money , and now , just a few month later , I be in print ! thing be go to start happen to I now . CUT to : int . indoor pistol range - closeup of target 58 a paper bull 's - eye hang at a indoor range . we hear a shot and a bullet hole appear at the furthest outside edge of the target . Three more shot be fire with no visible effect and a fifth and sixth hit the paper , miss badly . angle on the gunman 59 a squat , powerfully build , bushy - haire madman be firing fiercely , mutter to himself . madman . son of bitch , son of bitch , bastard , no -good bastard , rotten bastard , bitch bastard ... he try several gun with great concentration but continue to miss the target , cursing all the while . he pack up he gun . omit 60 * ( continued ) 60 61 62 63 64 65 rev.3/13 29 . continued : 60 madman bastard , vegetarian bastard . die , you navy bastard ... CUT to : int . madman' house - day 61 he have several 's laid out in front of he and be install a silencer on the meanest - look one . satisfied , he remove a phone book from a drawer , open it randomly and point he finger to a name . insert - closeup - phone book 62 '' johnson , navin R. , 253 1 /8 elm Street . " madman v.0 . Johnson ... sound like a typical bastard ! ext . view of navin through telescopic sight 63 ° navin emerge from the office and cross to the pump while che cross hair of a telescope sight waver erratically around hin . closeup - madman sitting in he car 64 park across the street peer through the rifle sight . madman bastard , random son-of - a-bitch , typical run-of - the-mill bastard . closeup - navin in cross hair - at car 65 navin ( to driver ) fill 'er up ? madman ( v.0 . ) gotchya , you average son-of - a-bitch . harmless bastard ... die ! the back of the driver 's head , stanley fox , pop into frame block the madman 's view of navin . ( continued ) * 65 66 rev.3/13 30 , continued : 65 madman ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) : typical block of the view of a goddame average victim bastard ! note : during follow scene , we will intercut the closeup see in the telescopic sight . ext . gas station - day 66 a middle - age entrepreneur name stanley Fox , a en- thusiastic man wear glass extend he hand . -stan fill 'er up , son , and a little bit extral Stan Fox buy gas ... navin shake it , catch up in he enthusiasm . navin ( salute ) : navin R. Johnson sell it , sir ... check the oil , sir ? stan check away navin R. Johnson ?! navin move to the hood . the cross hair follow erra - tically as Stan move to navin block the view again . madman ( v.0 . ) Son of a block bastard ! stan let 's check the oil togethez ! navin oil rag at the ready , . sir ! they go to the hood and navin pull at the dipstick . Stan 's glass slip off he nose . stan damn this glass ! he slide they back up he nose . stan ( continue ) hurry , son , time 's a wastin' . ( more ) , ( continued ) 66 67 67a rev.3/15 31 . continued : 66 stan ( cont 'd ) I be go to the john . do not forget to check that tire ... he lean over and the glass slide again . stan ( continue ) damn this glass , son ... . navin yes , sir ... ( point to the glass ) . I dam thee !... : cogee Stan walk away and get mearly to the bathroom , when a idea occur to navin . navin ( continue ) sirl Stan turn . navin ( continue ) I ean fix that glass ! stan you can ? well , here ... ' Stan toss the glass in the air toward navin . we do a slow motion shot ala the bone toss in " 2001 . " the music soar . navin 's hand reach out and grab then . closeup - navin in middle of cross hair 67 madman ( 0.s. ) now you diel ... you movie go bastard ! . navin walk out of frame . madman ( 0.s . ) ( continue ) shit ! madman with gun case get out of car , scramble up hill and hide behind a BUSH . 67a 68 69 70 rev.3/5 32 , closeup - soldering iron 68 and Stan 's glass ... a small - crude handle be be wald to the center of the glass . angle on navin 69 work on glass . he look up and call . navin sir? navin exit . cut to : int . office - day 70 navin enter and come towards Stan . navin be now wear Stan 's glass which have a small crude handle attach to the center . navin - done ! ( demonstrate ) you see , sir , when you keep take they on and off , it put pressure on the hinge . this handle put the pressure on the frame , where it belong . just like the tie-rod on a " 72 buick . Stan try they on . stan well , I will be ! ndoe it again ) it work !... this you idea ? navin - aw ... it 's nothing ... stan you know , I make a pretty good live sell shit like this . tell you what , if I can develop this gizmo , I will split with you fifty - fifty . navin surel ... ( continued ) * 70 71 72 73 74 rev.3/15 * 33 . : continued : , 70 stan what a day . * he march outside to he car . navin follow , so do the cross nair cf the gun sight . ext . gas station - day 71 stan ( get into car ) '' well ... I have get a trunk load of shit to sell !... ( through window ) * here 's a dix for the gas ... ( navin lean into car ) * keep the change ... by the way , how can I reach you , Johnson ? navin ( proudly ) gh , I be in the book ! Stan drive off leave navin vulnerable to the madman . closeup - navin 72 in cross hair -- half out of circle . madman ( 0.s . ) Dead center ! say you prayer , half - breed ! closeup of the trigger be squeezed 73 SOUND : dim explosion of a silencer . angle on navin . 74 stand next to stack can of - oil . on one of the can a hole seemingly appear from nowhere . navin pick it up as oil pour from it . another can pop a e . navin hey , Harry ! look at this ! what 's the matter with this can ? all greasy , Harry slide out from under a car . 75 76 76a 77 78 angle on madman madman ( aim ) die , milk face ! he shoot . angle on navin more can pop hole . navin this can be defective ! they be spring leak ! angle on madman - madman die gas pumper ! {he pull trigger ) angle on navin rev.3/15 34 , 75 76 760 77 four more can pop hole . navin duck behind pump . harry ( shout ; as he duck behind pump ) run for cover or you be go to spring a leak ! navin huh ? harry ( shout ) we do not have defective can ! we get a defective person out there : get out of there ! a bullet shatter the pump 's indicator cause it to ring incessantly . . navin he hate this can . stay away from the can ! both run toward service department . angle on madman . click trigger . the gun be empty . madman ( to gun ) suck my toe , 78 78 79 rev.3/15 35 . continued : 78 he throw the gun down , pick up another without a silencer and start shoot , int . service department - 79 Harry be crouch behind a cabinet . harry runt} navin run toward a coke machine . SOUND : loud gunshot . navin there 's can in here too ! navin run to office door . bullet crash through the office window . navin ( continue ) can !.! this guy should not be around can ! more gunshot . navin run toward car . : harry he do not want to put hole in the can : he want to put hole in you . as navin turn from car to go to Harry , bullet riddle the rear windshield and trunk . navin oh my God ! I be endangering you life . cover I . harry you be cover . * 80 80 a 81 82 rev.3/15 omitted .. then a artillery . barrage of gun FIRE . navin run to jack - up car and release it with one quick motion , navin he 's after mee navin get into car . navin ( continue ) ' you save yourselfl I will distract hin ! ( whistle ) shithead , c'mon ! madman run down hill toward he car fire as he go . another angle the car start up ... four new tire that be lean against the rim fail away as the car start out . shithead.run down . the wooden stair and heroically leap into the car as . it take off ... the car clank down the street on its rim , the engine be racing . as the car move moderately fast : more bullet hole pop into the side of the car . angle on madman he be still firing , but at the last second , he notice navin have escape , drive the incapacitate car away from the scene . a conservative driver , the madman cautiously pull out into the lane after allow several car to pass . madman ( to himself ) c'mon , lady ... you gonna sit there all day or be you gonna move ? 36 . 80 380 a 81 82 82 continued : rev. 5/79 * 36a . 82 madman . * damn : 25 mile zone !... he run a stop sign ! you have get the right of way but you be certainly abuse it ... halt : halt !... the White knight run another stop sign . he sould be shot ! take that , Margaret ! navin * ( inside car ) do you know he ? do you do something on he lawn ? I - do not know he ! madman * tliegal u-turn . there 's never a policeman around when you need one ... I do not see a animal crossing sign , poochie . do you ?... I be follow too close . I may be a lot of thing but I be not a tailgater . if he only have tire I could flatten they . c) 83 84 85 86 87 88 rev.3/13 37 . another angle 83 what follow be a very mild chase , with navin drive he tireless rim and the madman signal politely and slow for every traffic light and stop sign . madman ( see navin turn a corner ) there go that average asshole ! I could get he if this be not a thirty - five - mile zone ! ext . carnival - establishing shot - day 84 it 's late , the crowd have thin to zero , and the sarny be tear dowl , prepare to move on to the next town . angle on the access road 85 navin 's car , about eight length ahead of the madman , pull into a lot and die . navin frantically try to start he car . angle on the madman 86 he swing into a parking lot , only to discover a sign indicate " authorize vehicle only . " he take a shot at navin , then , mutter to himself , circle the lot look for a legal parking spot . madman ( see the sign ) bastard . no -good parking bastard . sons-a-bitch ... angle on navin : 87 run for he life , gunfire in the background . the first contingent of the carnival be already load , so navin jump on the tailgate of one of the truck and crouch there , hide .- shithead leap on . angle on madman 88 he be empty he weapon at the '' authorize vehicle only " sign . distract . angry . ( continued ) rev.2/23 * 38 . ?™~sontinued : 88 madman die , you authorize vehicle only ! die ! diel angle on the truck 89 navin on the tailgate . it slam up by some unseen hand , and the truck start up and swing off down the road . during navin 's speech , we see shot of the truck dtive through the night . navin ( v.0 . ) so , Mom , when I tell Mr. hartounian I would come back , he say , ' do not be a putz ! see the world . I you have seer already ’... I take he advice and get a job with c.f. ferlinger 's travel sideshow and Carnival as a weight guesser . frosty , my boss , toid I there 's a big future in weight guess . enclose be fourteen dollar for my loving oo family . p.s. be grandma still farting ?... I sure miss she fry chicken . , carnival music up . ext . carnival - night 90 quick shot of ferlinger 's camival : the midway , freak show , food stand , ferris wheel , various ride , and booth where game of chance still be play . angle - midway 91 crowd move along , establish " guess you weight " sign . navin be work the booth . navin get you weight guess . . right here , only a dollar . guess them up . be guess by a professional ... if you be seek thrill this be it . actual live weight guess .. a ' large , round rube , WADE , saunter up confidently -o the booth . he speak to he date with a Oklahoma - accent . ( continued ) 91 continued 39 . WADE hey honey , let 's see how good this guy be ... what do I win ? navin well sir , you win anything on the lower shelf in this corner ... on this side of the stereo and below the clock radio . anything in this three inch . anything between the ashtray and the thimble , that include the chicklet but not the eraser . WADE well , look like it 's worth takin ' a gamble on ... guess away ... navin ninety - eight pound . Wade step on scale . WADE . no , I be 170 ... 1'1l take that chicklet . ( to girlfriend ) first thing I ever win . think he have hisself a rube . navin walk over to he mentor , frosty , a wizen old carnie boss . navin frosty , I be just no good at this ..e I have already give away eight pencil , two hula doll , and a ashtray and we have only take in fifteen doilar . frosty we have take in fifteen dollar and give away fifty cent worth of crap : navin ( tremendous revelation ) ahhh !... that clear up a lot of thing ! ( continued ) rev.2/23 - 40 . * 91 92 93 rev.2/23 41 . continued : ( 3 ) 91 he exit , a 0.s. roar of a motorcycle attract navin 's attention . he look up . navin' Pov 92 on a platform elevate above the crowd , he see 2 dramatic- look girl stand on the seat of a motorcyele . she be wear a scanty , and tacky , leather - and -chain Hell 's angel outfit . she be hit by spotlight on three side . a banner above she announce , " Patty and her flaming Wall of death . '' she flash a phony smile to the crowd and do a spectacular stunt that whisk she out of sight . camera move to include - navin , in awe . CUT to : ext . midway - day 93 navin be walk down the midway eat a corn dog . he be attract to the arena where Patty be practice . he step and watch she , fascinate . Patty spot he , roar by , toss '' she helmet to he , and do a dare trick . she then skid to a stop in front of navin and lewdly eye he up and down . patty grr ... wanna guess my weight , greenie ? navin stare at she , smile , and nod a big yes . she be a tough broad name Patty bernstein . she 's aggres - sive and a real carny . navin I see you last night ... you be great ! patty - yeah , right . turn around . navin do so . she ogle he tush . patty ( continue ) turn back . go like this . she make a humping gesture . navin do it . ( continued ) * 93 94 42 . continued : . 93 patty ( continue ) you be okay . give I a bite of that corn dog ? navin what about germ ? patty put a rubber over it . get on ! she grab the dog and take a bite out of it . CUT to : int . patty' trailer - day . 94 her room be a messy bachelor 's pad : the bed be unmade , magazine be scattered about , along with beer can and overflow ashtray . playgirl pin-up of nude man decorate the wall . remains of yesterday 's break - fast be still on the table . navin what a great place !... you can tell so much about a person by the way they livel ... just look around here I can tell that you be a genuinely dirty person . patty you know what I would like to do ? guess you weight ... navin that would be interesting for I . nobody ever guess my weight . patty - put you arm up . navin do and Patty reach around and grab he buttock , thrust he pelvis onto hers . navin hey !... you really try to be _ accurate ! . Patty heft he ass , weigh each cheek separately . ( continued ) 94 94a continued : navin ( continue ; arouse ) hey ... be it get hot in here ?... wait a minute ! he push she away , bend over , and stare at he crotch . navin ( continue ) what 's happen to my ' special purpose ' ? Patty put she arm around navin from behind he and rub he chest . patty what 's you ' special purpose ' ? navin when I be a kid , my mom tell I that be my special purpose and someday I would find out what my special purpose be ... patty today 's the day ! she shove navin onto a ratty bunk , she cross to the window , pull a blackout curtain shut and dive onto the bed . over the obscure writhe figure , we hear : navin ( v.0 . ) " dear Mom ... guess what ?... today L find out what my " special purpose " be for . gosh , what a great time I have ! I wish the whole family could have be here with I ... maybe some other time as I intend to do this a lot ... every chance I get . ext . plaming wall of death ~ day navin , dress in weight quesser outfit , watch Patty as she prepare to do she stunt . navin continue voice over , as he eat popcorn . ( continued ) rev.3/13 94 94a 43. * rev.3/5 43a . continged navin ( v.0o . co note I think next week I will be able to send more money as I may have extra work ... my friend Patty promise I a blow job . you loving son ... navin . ' 94 b Patty smashes into the flame wall , pick herself up , bow to the audience ... and march out of the arena about twenty pace from navin . patty yo ! she point like a platoon leader toward she tent . navin follow like a puppy dig eat he blueberry tart . rev. 3/15 * 44 , - ext . carnival lot # 3 - day 95 Patty , twenty pace ahead , snort , clear she throat and spit a cyster on the midway . a farmboy pass by . Patty make a lewd noise under she breath and shake she hand as if to say '' hot - cha '' . navin notice this and smile . the farmboy pass . navin make a lewd noise , impersonate Patty 's lewd gesture and look toward Patty for approval . omitted 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 104 105 106 107 108 montage - quick cut - carnival on tour D -- navin in various job : load a truck . «- truck tire roll . -- Signs : pocatello ; Grand Junction , cody ; beaver ; White River ; spark . D -- navin set up wooden booth . N -- midway , light flash , ride in action . N -- navin guess weight of people . N -- Patty , take a husky roustabout off to she place , pass navin who wave cheerfully . -- shot of motorcycle park next to a ferris wheel , N -- a gondola rock wildly . rev.3/13 45 . 97 98 99 100 101 102 104 105 106 pan up to : 107 dissolve to : int , patty' live quarter - dawn Patty and navin be lie in each other 's arm . patty let I freshen you drink . she pour tequilla into he mouth . navin you know what I respect about you Patty ... that you do not kiss on a first date ... do you think we will ever get to know each other well enough to kiss ? patty we do not have to ... you be my man . I have spread the word ... it 's like we be marry . 108 ( continued ) rev.3/13 _— 45a . 108 continued : 168 navin but we be not marry . patty we be ... look at my ass . navin what ? patty go ahead . look . , ( continued ) 108 109 46 . continued : 108 she turn , revealing something to navin that we do not see , navin stare in amazement , stunne . several moment pass . navin gosh -- you get my last name ... Johnson ... right there under j's ... patty : it 's permanent . navin wow ! first I get my name in the phone book and now I be on you ass ... bey , I ?ll bet more people see this ! they snuggle . patty . hey , since this be we wedding night , let 's do something kinky ? navin I be ready for anything ! patty tonight , you get on top ! int . frosty's mobile office 109 navin be uncrinkle dollar bill which he take from a large canvas money bag . during the scene , he unfold the bill and steam -iron they . navin then sigh very loudly during which frosty look over the top of he glass and make a mark on the wall next to four other mark . navin - frosty , what be that mark ? frosty : that 's how many time you sigh ... what 's the matter , kid ? navin I do not know . he sigh . ( continued ) 109 110 47 . continued : 109 frosty ( mark the wall ) you unhappy here , kid ? navin yeah ... I think so ... make another mark . frosty make a mark , navin sigh . , navin ( continue ) : I be a weight guesser ! a weight guesser ! I be obsolete . there be machine now that will guess you weight for a penny . frosty I have see this before . you be ready to move on ... I can sense it . you need a change , do not you ? navin I be not do enough here . frosty I see it come ... a kid like you outgrow . this penny - ante carnival stuff pretty fast . you need a horizon . ( to himself ) frosty , time to push another one of you bird from the nest . ext . train - carnival # 4 - angle on train wheel 110 - day we hear a train whistle . steam escape from between the wheel . there be a loud chug from the engine . the camera pull back and reveal navin perch on the cab of a miniature train ride . navin be wear a engineer 's costume with a hat . that say " engineer Fred . the train pull up to the load platform . all the kid disembark and run to they parent . navin get out , check about the engine , oiling it , etc . he notice a lovely girl , marie , stand near the ticket booth . she be took around frantically . navin approach she and lean over the fence . in a attempt to gain she attention , he doff he cap and make a train sound . ( continued ) 110 112 113 48. continued : 110 navin whoooooo ... whooooceoco ... marie ... have you see a five - year- old boy , blond hair ... and he 's wear a T-shirt that say ' bullshit 's on it ? navin no ... suddenly , there be a gasp from the crowd . ancle on train 11l it have start up without the engineer ! running the train be a small boy wear a T-shirt that say " bullshit . " . marie billy ! the train be gain momentum . the crowd yell , " save that child . " navin here , hold this ... he give she the oil can . marie get he ! he will get hurt . navin better take this , too . he hand over he wallet and key . navin run after the train and leap onto the caboose . angle on child , 112 he be have a good time make the train go faster , oblivious to the danger . angle on navin : 113 it 's a familiar scene , the hero risk he life as he leap from car to car . ( continued ) 113 rev.3/13 49 . continued : 113 about halfway to the cab , he nrealize the train be approach a tunnel . he jump off , run around the tunnel and hop back on the train . he make he way to the cab and pull the emergency brake as the child shove a ice cream cone in he face . the train grind to a halt as the crowd cheer . he pick up the child , hold it up for Marie to see . he leap off the train and jump through the roof of a miniature city hall . extricate himself , he destroy several more house . he walk over to Marie and hand she the child . : marie ( very direct and honest ) oh , thank you . it would have be so embarrassing to go home without billy . here 's you key and you wallet ... oh , and this fall out ... " she hand he a prophylactic . navin ha ! that guy : he jauntily throw it away . — marie listen , what you do just now be very brave . be there any way I could repay you ? navin repay I ? uh-uh -- no way [ could ever accept anything from a mother for save she child . marie : he 's not my child . I be just baby -sitting for a friend . ( continued ) * rev.3/1 50 . ~~ 113 . continued : ( 2 ) 113 navin oh , well ... would it be too much if I ask for a kiss ? marie no. navin pick up the boy and kiss he . navin you be a real little dicken . marie so be you . thank you . Marie kiss navin . she back up as if to leave . navin oh , miss ? marie '' ~ yes ? navin uh , I be just now stand here and I get to think that if you be not do anything tomorrow ... navin get nervous and mealy - mouth and the word come out garble and unintelligible . marie what ? navin ( again unintelligible ) I thaw maybe yu want go wi mu ... marie . be you try to ask I for a date ...? . navin uh ... ya ... uh ... marie ox , / once for no , twice for yes . ~ navin slap he foot on the ground twice . ( continued ) * rev. 3/1 51 . 113 . continued : ( 3 ) 113 marie okay , you be pretty cute . Three - thirty tomorrow at the ' round - up ' . navin have lose all he saliva . he nod . Marie leave and navin finally get out a word . they be about twenty foot apart . navin do you have any boyfriend ? marie not really . ~ navin be they crazy ! if I be a feller I would be around all the time . marie well , see if you can work it out . we have a date tomorrow . navin watch as she walk off . navin ( shout ) what 's you name ? marie Marie . what 's yours ? navin I will tell you tomorrow . it will give we something interesting to talk about . 114 ext . " round - up " - ride area - day 114 Marie , dress for she date with navin , walk in and look at the watch ... 115 ext . midway - day 115 navin peer out from behind a tent and race to another one , try to avoid be see by Patty . he be carry a small bouquet of daisy . ( continued ) * 115 rev.3/1/79 52 . continued : 115 from nowhere Patty , on she motorcycle , wear black leather and helmet , roar in , zig in and out and around tent and booth and screech to a halt in front of navin . . patty {getting off cycle ) what 's up , muchacho ? navin ( frighten ) for you ... he offer she Marie 's flower . she rip the top off and stuff they in she ' pocket , leave navin with the stem . patty thanks . navin , you know the other day ~ when I show you the tatioo ? navin yeah yeah ... patty I forget to tell you something ... navin what ? patty this ! she proceed to beat the live daylight out of navin , slapping , slugging and kick . patty ( continue ) that 's what 's go to happen if I ever catch you look at another broad . : navin I be glad you tell I . patty and remember I do this without anger ... . ( mount she cycle ) and , I stay away from you crotch ... she peel out , ( continued ) * rev.3/l1 * 53 . 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 navin ( lightly ) ' bye , sweetie . 116 ext . " round - up " ~ day 116 Marie , patiently look about for navin . navin hi! Marie turn . navin be dishevel . marie what happen ? navin a couple of guy jump I and try to get this flower ... I get they for you . it 's kind of a traditional date deal . marie oh yea , I have hear of that . she take the flower and sniff stem . marie ( co not . ) what be they ? navin oh , couple of dozen rose . look , this hoodlum be pretty dangerous . let 's get out of here before she see I . they start to walk . marie . she ? who 's she ? navin what ? marie you say she ? navin oh . I always call a gang ' she ' ... it 's like when you eall a boat she ... or a hurricane ... ( continued ) 116 117 rev.3/13 54 . continued : 116 marie or a girl ? navin that too ... you can call a girl she . lot of thing be call she ... they walk cff . int . navin be tent - day 1i7 it be sparsely decorate . they be sit on two fold chair , eat from a cup . marie ( as she take she last spoonful ) that be really good pizza . navin you will not find a better cup of pizza anywhere . marie throw the cup away .... pause . marie what do we do now ? navin I know what I 's like to do I would like to guess you weight . marie my weight ? navin yea ..- let 's see ... uh...um ... you weigh 105 . {continued ) 117 continued : rev.3/13 55 . 117 marie I weigh 108 . navin 1082 I be never off by that much . ( look she over . ) navin . oh , yeah ... I have not look there yet . marie why ? navin - ( shyly look away ) oh . I have not finish with you ace . Marie be move by he ingenudusness . | marie ( look away , change subject , refer to , _ dog ) what 's he name ? navin shithead . marie now that be a coincidence ? navin you have a dog name shithead ? marie no , that 's what my mother call my Father . navin you have beautiful skin . ( reach for she face ) May 1 ? ( continued ) ne 117 continued : 56 . ( 2 ) 117 marie ( softly ) yes . navin ( knead she face , as he would dough ) be you a model ? marie no , I be a cosmetologist . navin wow ... that be so impressive ... unbelievable . it must be tough to handle the weightlessness ... Marie look at he quizzically . navin ( continue ) can I ask you a personal question ? marie what be it ? navin now , be totally honest . do you have a boyfriend ? marie kind of . navin I know this be we first date , but do you think that the next time you make love to you boyfriend you could think of I ? marie well , I have not make love to he yet . navin do you think it 's possible that someday you could make love with I and think about he ? marie who know ? maybe someday you and he could make love and think about te. ( continued ) 117 rev . 3/1 57 . continued : ( 3 ) . 117 navin gosh , I would just be happy to be in there somewhere . what 's this guy 's name ? marie Rod shafter . navin Rod shafter ? the guy who sing over at the ramada Inn ? marie uh , huh . ~ navin Boy , he 's great ... he must make a lot of money . marie ~ two hundred and fifty dollar a week . navin ( he be shocked ) what ? $ 250 a week ? no person on this earth deserve to make that kind of money . he better spread that around . marie well ... he give I this . he finger a chintzy horoscope necklace . navin well , here 's a little something to remember I by ... he thrust he lip toward hers and give she the worst off - center kiss in the history of the movie . marie do you have a girlfriend ? navin ( cautiously ) do it matter ? ( continued ) * 117 118 continued : ( 4 ) in the distance we hear a motorcycle growl . marie well , I would like to think you be available . navin oh , I be available ... another angle the motorcycle grow louder and closer and Patty drive through the curtain of the tent in a rage . patty you son of a bitch ! ( she revs the engine loudly ) do you forget about my ass ? navin : no , no ... I have be think about it . {to Marie ) she tattooe my name on she ass . Marie be shocked . navin oh , not just my name ... lot of name and say ... she 's get one up here that say ... ( he indicate inside of he thigh ) «+. ' slippery when wet . ' marie ( to navin ) how do you know that ? ( continued ) rev.3/15 38. 117 118 118 59 . continued : 118 patty let 's just say he could not miss it . ( to navin ) what be she ? some great piece of ass ? navin she 's no great piece of ass ... ( to Marie ) I mean ... on that indignity , Marie get up to leave . '' navin ( continue ) hey , we be all adult , let 's reason this thing out . now , Marie here be a type of person who ... > patty ( grim ) if this gash do not get she bun out of here , I be go to drive this bike up she butt . she start to dismount she bike . | navin ... while Patty tend to be more direct . patty and as for you , farmboy ... we be marry ! Patty approach navin menacingly . the moment she be within range , Marie step between they and haul off and deck Patty with one fast punch . Patty sink to the floor . navin be dumbfounded . navin gee , you protect I . you must really like I . Marie look at navin disdainfully , give he a bronx cheer , and storm out of the tent . rev. 5/79 > 60 , 119 ext . tent - day 119 Marie emerge from the tent , fume . 120 ext . carnival parking area - day 120 Marie be get into she car , a perky vega . navin be chase after she . she start the car and drive slowly . ° navin wait ! wait , wait , wait ...! marie what be it , marry man ? navin ( laugh it off ) Patty 's funny ... what a character ... we be not marry ... my ass be clean . you can look ... ( open he belt ) her name be not there . it 's a one way marriage . she continue drive . navin ( continue ) where be you go ? marte the ramada . at least Rod be not marry . she drive off . navin mutter to himself . navin Rod shafter . CUT to : 121 ext . menagerie tent - late afternoon 121 * navin be lean against the can i i keeper . ge , talk to a animal he 1 navin 'y , glassie , suppose you have this elephant with a thorn in he paw ... do you have something he can smoke that can knock he out for awhile ... . glassie I think I can help you . cuT to , my 122 123 124 125 126 int . ramada inn lobby - establishing shot navin enter , look around , head for a sequine bill - board on a easel . angle on billboard " Monday be disco night in Don Quixote 's windmill ... feature the hop-lite with Rod shafter ! " angle - navin he take in the information , turn , and we follow he out of the lobby . ext . ramada inn - night navin walk along the side of the building to what be a kitchen / backstage entrance . he enter and we ... CUT to : int . corridor - night we be back in the ramada again . navin look up and down the hallway . some member of the hop - lite enter the hallway from a dress room on they way to the stage . they be all white and look it . navin button - hole one of they . navin I be look for Rod shafter . hop-lite why , be you sister pregnant , too ? he will be out in a minute . he drift off , leave navin more determine than ever . a moment later , a macho vega type emerge wear tight slack and a form -fitted polyester shirt open to the navei . . navin Rod ? the man nod . ( continued ) 61 . 122 123 124 125 126 ad 126 127 62. continued : 126 navin ( continue ) hey , good to see you , man ... navin extend he hand to shake , Rod be about to do a jive handshake . ' rod > what 's happen , brother ...? navin ( hold out a joint ) want to smoke some joint ? Rod check the corridor . rod that 's very groovy of you , my he take a short quick hit and pass out directly , un - conscious . navin watch he hit the floor , then drag he into a closet . int . don quixote lounge - night 127 the hop-lite be ' finish a number without they vocalist . the lead guitar player take the mike , the band vamp under . it 's showtime . hop -lite and now , lady and gentleman , the ramada Inn take great pride in present the man who write ' teddy Love . there be a smatter of applause . hoy-lite ( continue ) and be one of the original blowfish ... here he be , the President of the United States of disco ... Rod shafter !!! the band hit a chord and navin appear , hair slicked down , wear Rod 's tuxedo , ready to roll ... 63 . ~~ : 128 angle on steve and lead guitar 128 hop-lite what happen to Rod ? | navin he have a terrible accident . the band nstone and delignt ) all right ! navin ( sing ) a- one , a-two , a one two three , a- one , a-two , a one two three four , a four a three , a two one three four one . two three four four three two one ... he launch immediately into this phony Las Vegas lounge song , with lyric improvise on the spot . the hop-lite fumble along behind he . navin ( continue ) and now I would like to sing , ' Animal lip . 's hit it , boy . they play a chord . navin ( continue ; sing ) animal lip ... thank you ... ( sing ) there's so many kind of animal lip . there's moose lip and goose lip , and dog lip and little tiny cat lip . horse have fat lip , will you marry I ? CUT to : 129 audience - one table 129 patron hey , this guy be good . ( 130 angle on marie she 's hide she face . 131 angle on navin navin I be a single guy ... not marry at all ... and there 's 's someone in the audience . who 's kinda special to I -- no , not you , sir . audience laugh . navin ( continue ) . and I would like to dedicate this song to she . 132 angle on marie terror . 133 . angle on navin navin ( sing ) . i'm picking out a thermos for you not a ordinary thermos for you but the extra best thermos you can buy with vinyl and stripe and a cup built right in , oh , i'm picking out a thermos for you ... band ( pick it up ) for you , for you ... navin and maybe a barometer too ... band for you , for you ... navin what else could I buy , so on I you'll rely a rear -end thermometer , too . 64 . 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 through 148 149 68. angle on audience 134 they be go wild . applause , cheer , whistle . angle on marie 135 she be weaken . angle on navin 136 navin be jump up for he big finish . he take a beer from someone in the crowd , spilling it all over himself as he swig it . he then check out the girl in the room . '' navin let 's see , which one do I want ? ( point to Marie ) I will take that one ! thank you , thank you very much . what a great audience ! and now , it 's dance time ! hit it , boy ! they start a dance tune . navin dance around like crazy , off the stage and into the crowd , over to Marie and dance she right out of the lounge as the crowd applaud wildly and the hop-lite play inspire disco . omitted 137 through 148 ext . beach - night 149 music : " tonight you belong to me. " Marie and navin be have a cook - out by themselves on the beach . they be in jovial spirit , and be sing , navin on the ukelele .- lyric to come . as navin play a musical break , Marie reach into she beach bag and pull out a shiny brass trumpet and proceed to play it beautifully ... they finish the song . navin while you be play that trumpet , I have the craziest fantasy that I could rise into the air and float right into the end of the trumpet ... ( more ) ( continued ) 149 rev.3/13 66 . continued : 149 navin ( cont 'd ) ( he have to pick up the trumpet to illustrate ) ... right around this valve and down this tube and come right up against you lip and give you a kiss . marie why do not you ? navin I do not want to get spit on I . he take she head in he hand and move it toward he for a kiss . she strain to pull away from he ; she tighten she mouth into a thin line and all the muscle in she neck strain to pull away . they be deadlock . they fall over panting from the strain . they rest for a moment and start up again , go through a short version end up exhaust on the sand . navin ( continue ) be it good for you too ? marie I really do want to kiss you , but I be afraid . navin oh , I would have keep my tongue in . marie no , I mean I be afraid if I kiss you I will fall in love with you . navin you would ? marie and I do not want to . ( continued ) 149 150 rev.3 / 2 - 67. continued : ( 2 ) 149 navin you do not ? marie my mother sacrifice everything to send I through cosmetology school . navin she do ? marie she have a dream for I to be something . to marry somecne with power ... money ... vision ... somecne with & special purpose . navin ( elate ) I get one ! I have get a special purpose ! he rise . navin ( continue ) this be great . you Mom 's go to love I . this be fantastic . and I be afraid to tell you about it : he pull she up . she look at he with love and com - passion , take he and kiss he . int . marie' bedroom - night 150 navin be stare at the ceiling . Marie be doze next to he . navin turn toward Marie , rise on he elbow and stare down at the lovely face that be light by a shaft of moonlight . navin ( softly ) Marie , be you :awake ? ( no answer ) good . you look so beautiful and peaceful ... you almost look dead . and I be glad because I want to say something that have always be very hard for I to say -- rubber baby buggy bumper . ( more ) ( continued ) * 150 151 152 153 vey .3/13 - 66 . continued : 150 navin ( cont 'd ) I have never be relaxed enouzh around people to be able to say that . you give I confidence in myself . I have decide that tomorrow when the time be right , I be go to ask you to marry I . if that 's okay with you , just do not answer ... she sleep . navin ( continue ) you have make meso happy . he curl up next to she . int . bathroom - day . 151 navin be luxuriate in a bubble bath .. . the water be run ... navin ( sing ) i'll see you again , '' by Noel coward . we hear marie 0.s. from the bedroom , singing with he . navin ( continue ) honey , who 's the happiest guy in the world ? int . bedroom - day 152 Marie , dress , be sit at a desk write . shit - head be lie on the bed . marie you be . int . bathroom - day . 153 navin . that 's right . and who 's the happiest gal ? * 154 155 156 157 69 . int . bedroom - day 154 Marie turn , she eye brim with tear . she open she mouth to answer but can not ... in she hand be a letter she be in the process of fold . navin ( 0.s. ) that 's right ! ( sing ) i'm picking out a ' thermos for you ... Marie put the letter in a envelope , slide it under the bathroom door ... pick up 4 pack valise , stop for a moment to look at the bathroom , then turn and leave quietly , as navin continue sing . int . bathroom - day = 155 navin ( sing ) ' ... and a cup built right in . ' ( speak ) honey , there 's a question I would like to pop but I have be afraid ... that you might say no ... but this seem like the right time and place ... so here go ! honey , will you marry I ? int . bedroom - day 156 shithead at open front decor , growl . int . bathroom - day 157 navin ( splashes happily ) yahoo ! c'mon in here and let 's seal it with a kiss ... get in the tub with I !... this ‘only happen once in a lifetime . into the tub ! c'mon , honey , shithead come dash into the room and leap into the tub . navin ( continue ; sweetly ) not you , shithead . where 's Marie ? ( continued ) '' ~~ 157 1 ' 1 158 o~ 159 160 ~~ 70 . continued : : 157 shithead ( bark ) navin what letter ? navin see the letter lie in a puddle of water . he open it and read silently . . navin ( continue ) oh , noll ! insert - the letter 158 be a runny blur . only " dear navin " and intermittent word be legible . navin ( read the blurry letter in blurry double talk ) dear navin ... another angle : 159 navin get out of the tub , shield he private part by hold shithead in front of he . navin ( shout ) Marie ! he race out . ext . marie' STREET - day 160 navin , naked , hold shithead in front of he , spot a stray dog . . navin ( whistle ) c'mon , boy ! he pick up dog , cover he behind with he and run down the street shouting . ( continued ) 160 161 162 163 fi. be a a continued : navin ( continue ) Marie ! Marie ! do you leave I ? I could not x the letter it be too blurry !!! ext . midway - day 161 navin be stand . in fx : a fast - spin thrill ride like the be run it . ir 's early in the day and there ze only a few people on the midway and on the ride . husky you want what ? _ navin I just need someplace where i can think . angle on the round - up 162 navin be alone in a reflective mood , spin wildly . intercut several shot of passenger get on and off the ride . husky , each time , check to see if navin wish to disembark ... each time navin shake he head no ... ext . midway - angle on frosty - day 163 he watch navin spin . frosty ( to husky ) what time do he start ? husky ten o'clock . frosty ( check he watch ) six hour ... he really have it bad for she . it only take Richard burton four hour up there to forget Liz Taylor ... 164 165 72 , angle on round - up . 164 it slow to a halt . husky ( amaze ) he want off ... ( call ) baldo , iggy , peel nim off ! baldo and igzy go the fetch navin . they be a pair of not-too-bright " carny " who have be stand with a group of other slow - witted carnival worker . angle on navin 165 as '' baldo and iggy carry he off and set he in front of frosty and the group . navin be a wreck . his hair stand out like a porcupine . his face be dirty and cover with perspiration . all the bizarre look carny be stare at he . navin ( with raging emotion ) what be you look at ? have not you ever see a man so break that he have to spin ? I go through every emotion up there ... from anger to ... to ... what 's another emotion ? baldo fear ? steve no , iggy hate ? navin ( shout ) hate !... oh do I hate !... and I go through ... uh ... uh ... ( continued ) 165 continued : 73. 165 husky Hunger ? doodles Hunger be not a emotion . husky be love one ? navin yes , love !... I go from anger to hate to love ... to ... to ... uh '' slat ( real dumb - look guy ) ennui ...? all yeah , ennui ?... how about ennui ?... what about pride ?... or prejudice ? . sloth ?... adultery ...? navin wait a minute ... wait a minute ! ( pull out letter and wave it ) I do not have to know what this letter say ... I have get to make I worthy of she ... look at I ! iggy , would you want to marry I and have my child ? iggy no. navin . well , I be go to make something of myself . : iggy well , maybe then ... navin right now , I be nothing : ( more ) ( continued ) 165 continued : rev.3/13 7 ( 2 ) 165 navin ( cont 'd ) I be a fly speck ... a... a gmat ... a... a ... iggy a stink buq . navin yeah ... I be a...a ... slat a pimple on a piece of shit . - navin yeah , yeah . hit I ! husky a goat dingleberry . baldo a poo-poo face . iggy a scum bag ! navin okay ... I accept it all ... I be all of that thing ... and more . : baldo a fungus fart ? navin yes ! she 's sensitive ... she could see that quality in I that 's why she leave . but I be go to change . how ? iggy read more . slat become a more interesting person . baldo get rid of unwanted hair forever ? ( continued ) 165 166 75 . continued : ( 3 ) 165 husky learn basic hygiene . navin ( quietly sigh ) none of you can help I . I have get to do it alone . with he eye toward the horizon , he wander off . ext . carnival road - day 166 navin , bag pack , lean forlornly up against the fence , next to he sit he dog , panting at navin . '' ~ navin ( to the dog ) this be not go to be easy , shithead . we have be together a long time . but I have get to head on down that road , . ( tear well up in navin 's eye ) .. and there will be time out there when there will not be enough food for two . and I will not be able to take care of you the way you should be . now go on ... go away ! the dog take off like a rocket . navin ( continue ) hey , wait a second ! the dog come back . navin go back into he weep . navin ( continue ) you will find a family who will give you a real home , with other dog to play with . now go on ... the dog shoot off again . navin ( continue ) come back here ! / the dog stop , then trot back to navin . ( continued ) 166 167 168 169 170 76 . continued ; 166 's navin ( continue ) . with loving little kid and a warm fireplace . I never like you anyway . now beat it . this time , as the dog start to bound away , navin leap on he . navin ( continue ) okay , little fella , I can not stand it . you can come with I . he snap a leash on shithead . ext . country road - day 167 navin be drag the dog by the leash . navin ( v.c . ) you would like she , ma ... her name be Marie kimball ... she 's so white , she 's go beyond white almost to black . she 's worth every pain I will have to go through ... and so , Mom , with my faithful dog lead the way ... I be out to become the man she desire . I be only go to take job that lead somewhere big . you loving son , navin . ext . park - day 168 navin , dangle upside - down from a rope connect to a tree in the middle of nowhere , play the violin . a passerby stop and read the sign set in the fiddle case . insert - sign 169 '' please give ... serious student need violin lesson . " back to scene 170 the passerby 's hand reach in and take a quarter from the case , 171 172 173 173x 174 175 176 rev.3/8 77 . omitted 171 omitted 172 - omitted 173 * ext . auto graveyard - night 173 x * we see a long shot of the auto graveyard , car stack one on another , squash flat . in the far distance , navin write something on a piece of paper . as the camera move in , navin prop up he hand - lettere sign , " use car , 10 cent . '' omitted ~ 174 omitted 175 * int , navin' slum apartment - morning 176 navin be asleep in bed , the want ad open beside he . we hear a car start up in the garage directly below he . the noise , vibration and fume wake he up . Blue smoke drift up through the floor , navin wake , check the clock , and react , navin oh , no , I miss my interview . ( he yell out the window ) Mr. hutchin ! what happen ? mr . hutchin ( 0.s. ) overslept ! ( continued ) oe 176 177 178 178a 179 78. continued : : 176 navin Mr. hutchin ...! this room be suppose to fill up with fume at nine a.m. and it 's now nine- thirty ! mr . hutchin ( v.0 . ) well , excu -u-u-use I ! cuT to : int . steve's slum apartment - morning 177 he be write a letter home , in the b.g. , out the window , we see a dark sedan drive by the madman , come into view . another angle , 178 the madman , use binocular , spy on navin as he write . int , cabin - closeup ~ mom - day , 178a read a letter . mom " " dear Mom , sorry today 's letter be a little late but Mr. hutchin oversleep . I have not hear from Marie . thing could not be worse . I can only send you forty - nine cent this week as I have lose all my job . ' ( she shake coin out of envelope ) bless he heart . int . navin' apartment : 179 navin prepare a meal , mom ( v.0 . ) ' I have be eat well , though . the hospital give out free meal of orange juice and cookie and all I have to do be give they a pint of blood . I eat there all week three time a day . ( more ) ( continued ) 179 180 181 & 182 1824 79 . continued : 179 mom ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I decide to quit when I cut myself shave and only air come out . my rent be due , and it turn turn out shithead be allergic to commercial dog food . about the only thing he can eat be medallion of white veal sauteed in butter with shallot , finish with white wine and lemon slice . navin flame the dish and serve the dog . mom ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) I have to go now as someone be stare at nié through binocular . you loving son , navin . ' another angle 180 navin glance out the window and see the occupant of the car , the madman get out , pat the inside of he coat , and advance toward the apartment . navin look alarmed ; he eye zoom in on the Missouri plate . he panic . he flatten himself against the wall . / navin shithead ! attack ! attack ! the dog attack navin . navin ( continue ) nott navin look out the window in fear . he grab a handful of popcorn and bolt out the door . omitted . 181 & 182 ext . navin' apartment - day 182a navin come face to face with the madman , throw the popcorn into the madman 's face and run off . ( continued ) 80. 182a continued : . 182a 183 madman you son of a bitch ! and he scramble to he foot and set off in hot pur - suit . ext . blind alley - night 183 navin ericer , run , out of breath , exhaust . he crouch by a steel door and quietly test the handle . it 's lock . from 0.s. we can hear the cautiously approach footstep of the pursuer . they slow down as they reach the alley , navin be too exhaust to move another step . besides , he 's trap . - Johnson ? he turn the corner and start walk towards the terrify nevin . his hand disappear inside he coat . navin ( sing ) whenever I feel afraid ... the madman loom overhead , hand in he coat as if to draw a weapon , the hand emerge , hold a en- velope . madman you will have to sign for this . navin I have to sign before you shoot I ? navin sign . madman I be not go to shoot you . that be the old I ... I 'was mix up at the time . I have a bad marriage and I have just stop smoking ... I be okay now . I be a private detective . s'‘long . madman : walk away , back into the night , whistling a happy tune . navin open letter ... read . 184 184a 185 186 through 191 192 81 . insert - the letter 184 a simple , enigmatic letterhead : " the berendo corpora - tion , 1 berendo Square , New York , New York . " that 's it , except for a handwritten note , barely legible . navin ( 0.s. ) ( read note ) ' dear Mr. Johnson : please call on I in suite 2650 at the century Plaza Tower in Los Angeles . I have something of great importance to impart to you .' . the signature be a unreadable scrawl . CUT to : ext . century tower - day , 184a int . century plaza tower - day : 185 it 's the twenty - sixth floor .. the elevator door open and a very hesitant navin , dress in a shabby jacket and tie , clutching the crumpled message , start dow the hall to suite 2650 . he get to the door and open it with trepidation , omitted 186 through 191 int . office - day . - 192 a vaguely familiar man come out from behind a desk , dress very well , wear glass with a little handle in the center . he 's differant from the last time we see he , a better haircut and a very hearty laugh . he roar at navin for a long time . it 's stanley fox , the entrepreneur , formerly of Fox enterprise . fox remember I ? navin no , but do not feel bad . ( continued ) rev.3/8/79 * 82 . 192 continued : 192 fox fox. stanley Fox . remember , the gas station . Boy , you be one hard * guy to find . the glass handle . look -- he show he the professional , finish model on he read glass . navin oh , yeah ... the glass handle . fox we call it opti-grab . * navin opti-grab ? .. * fox " opti " ( point to eye ) from * optical and " grab " from grab it . navin wow . .. optical - grabbing . * fox navin my boy , we be in business . * fifty -fifty , just like we say . and right in here ( pick up envelope ) I have you first check for two -hundre and fifty big one . a broad grin cross navin 's face . navin two-fifty ? that 's what Rod shafter make . fox that 's just the beginning . there 's gonna be more , lot more : * navin wow . can I cash this ? fox it 's you money -- you can do anything you want . it 's a eashier ' 's check . navin that 's great . I can use this . ( continued ) rev.3/13 83. 192 continued : ( 2 ) 192 SOUND : intercom . secretary ( v.o. ) ( discreetly interrupt ) you have a eleven-thirty with Mr. Adams . fox navin , I gotta run . navin ( show check ) thanks for this . Fox be already on he way out . fox do not thank I . you earn it . do not let that money turn you head around . he 's go . navin ( shout ) do not worry , my head be on straight . 193 . int , bank - day — 193 navin walk in and go directly to one of the assis - tant manager , mr. coffer . a narrow -mind bank man - ager who be wear a opti-grab . : navin sir. coffer take a long time to finish some paperwork , then look up . navin . ( continue ) what 's that on you glass ? coffer keeps the pressure off the stem . can I help you ? navin ( suavely ) I have a cashier 's check here ... I would like to cash it . ( continued ) 193 194 195 84 . continued : 193 coffer how much be it for ? navin two hundred and fifty ' samoan . ' navin remove the check from the envelope and , without look , lay it on the desk . '' insert - the check 194 it be for two hundred and fifty thousand dollar . angle on coffer and navin 195 coffer pick up the check as if it be contaminate and examine it . he look twice . coffer be this a joke ? navin no . coffer you want to cash this ? navin well , I could take fifty dollar and deposit the rest . coffer ( warming up ) sit right down , Mr. Johnson . navin feel he 's win the Bank of America over with he two hundred dollar deposit . coffer ( continue ) - I will need a piece of identification . navin ( search in he batter wallet ) I have a temporary driver 's license and my astronaut application card . ( continued ) 195 196 197 85 . continued : 195 coffer poke the card around with he finger , unwill - ing to even pick they up . navin ( continue ) oh , and here 's ny old 4 - h membership ... it 's expire , though ... I gotta renew it . coffer take the i.d. and the check and go straight to the biggest desk in the bank . as navin watch , a top management meeting take place with lot of look in he direction . navin wave , nod and smile . one of they , on the phone , nod approval and scribbles something on the check . ~ coffer everything 's - in order . now , would you endorse this ? he slide the check face - down to navin , who sign it . coffer initial the endorsement . coffer ( continue ) ..- and fill out this deposit slip . another angle 196 he take pen in hand and turn the check over , rou - tinely start copying the info . navin gradually notice the magnitude of the check . we see only the barest change of expression . navin look up and slowly he head make a 360 - degree turn and click back into place . his face be euphoric . note : navin prefer that he not be require to do this without special effect . int . harry garage - day . 197 Harry be read a postcard while he wife lenore stand by . he be wear a opti-grab . harry ( read ) ' dear Harry : guess what ? I be rich beyond my wildest dream . but I have not forget we deal . here 's that postcard I promise you . I bet you think you would never get it , huh ? you friend , forever , navin . ' ( more ) ote , .- ( continued ) '' rev.3/5 * 86 . 197 continued : 197 harry ( cont 'd ) ( to lenore ) this boy have integrity . he promise I a postcard . and that 's why this little postcard will always have a special place ... ( tap he heart ) ... in my heart attack . 198 ext , navin' apartment - next day 198 navin park he new pink mustang in front of he shabby apartment . he spring out , resplendent in a new tyrol - ean hat with a long feather , a floor- length , white scarf , and sunglass . he open the trunk , the white scarf drag in the mud , and remove two velvet painting , a clown and a nude , and a big table lamp . fold up in he coat pocket be a newspaper . the head - line of a small feature article be visible : " young inventor strike it rich . " shithead , wear a cap , * sun glass and sport a pipe , follow navin . 199 int . navin' apartment - day 199 the phone ring . navin enter , carry he painting and lamp . he be startle . he have never receive a real phone call before . he go to the window . navin ( yell for all to hear ) see ! you get a phone call !... yello ... who ?... Mrs. kimball ... you be Marie 's mom ! you read about I ?. , , no , I do not know where Marie be ... I have be try to contact she . yes , I would love to know ! wait , I will get a pencil . he hang up the phone . while he collect a pencil and paper , it ring again . he answer . navin ( continue ) the May company in Los Angeles ... I would be glad to ... what 's the message " I decide not to kill myself if you marry that carnival bum Nathan Johnson ' -- I will give it to she ... ' bye , Mrs. kimball . ( more ) ( continued ) 199 200 201 202 continued : navin ( cont 'd ) ( to shithead ) shithead , I know where she be . now I can find out why she leave I ... plus I can deliver this message from she mom about this carnival bum Nathan Johnson -- wait a minute ... shithead , she do not mean Nathan Johnson ... she mean navin Johnson , that 's I ! so that 's it ! so that 's why she would not marry I ! she do not want she mother 's blood on she hand , ext . may company - day navin enter . int . may company - cosmetic department - day navin go up to a female employee who , from the back , resemble Marie . navin , ecstatic at find he love , grab she shoulder and spin she around . they lip be inch apart . navin realize he mistake and casually ask : navin uh , do Marie kimball work here ? female clerk oh , she 's over there , in man 's makeup . : navin 'wince ) Men 's makeup ? ugh . int . men' makeup department - day rev.3/2 87. 199 200 201 202 a small crowd be watch Marie demonstrate . she have just apply a blue facial mask to a short , elderly ent , irving . his wife tillie be watch . Irving 's wear a shower cap and a smock . navin enter and stop short at the sight of Marie . . marie put on mask-o derm take just fifteen minute ... and when we peel it off , he will look twenty year young , ( continued ) * 202 203 203a 204 88 , continued : 202 tillie ( look heavenward ) allevei . ( yiddish for " let it be so " ) marie we will let this dry and in the meantime , Madame , we can pick out the eye shadow and lip tint for . hin . we follow they to another counter . marie ( continue ) I think with_your husband 's coloring , a deep tone would pring out he lip ... and this nature beige will feature he eye wonderfully . tillie let 's try everything . angle on navin 203 navin peer out from behind a display of facial mask jar , smile , and duck mischievously out of frame . angle on irving 203a sit stoically . he hear something from below counter . he look down . irving ( mumble incoherently through mask ) what ? a hand come into frame wave a hundred - dollar bill . angle on marie and tillie 204 at another counter . a men' wig display . ( continued ) 204 89 , continued : 204 marie chold a long blond wavy wig ) you do not have to make you decision now but just think about this color for Irving . it will give he height . ( check watch ) ah , let 's go unmask you husband . they cross to Irving , who have be replace by navin , who be now wear a blue mask , cap and smock . marie ( continue ) I be now go to peel off we mask-0 derm . ( she start ) Irving 's skin will be tighter , firmer and he will look like a different man ... you will be amaze . she pull off the mask and reveal navin , smile devil - shly . marie ( continue ; look at navin , then at ' mask -- amaze ) jeez , this shit really work ! navin ( stand , grab she ) remember this ? give she a off center kiss . marie ( take he face in she hand , look at he with passion ) my darling , darling ... kiss navin tenderly , tillie ( shouting ) you , blondie ! leave my Irving alone ! ( more ) ( continued ) ¢) 204 204a 205 90 . continued : ( 2 ) 204 tillie ( cont 'd ) ( start hit Marie with she pocketbook ) Irving ! . ( @wallop Irving ) what be you do ? you will get another bladder attack ... stop ! she will suck out you temporary filling ! that blondie ! navin and Marie continue kissing . tillie continue pummel they . navin ( v.0 . ) ( over - - above scene ) " dear Mom , here 's this month 's check : twenty thousand dollar . thing be beginning to look up . but the big news be , Marie and ... , closeup - navin and marie in wedding attire 204a navin ( v.0 . ) ... I be marry ! we could not wait . we decide to get marry that night . luckily , we find a certified priest at the " Hollywood View Apartments " who could marry we . int . dark hollywood apartment - night 205 camera pan off navin and Marie to cross human bone be hold by black voodoo dancer . he dance back , be - vealing navin and Marie , dress in formal wedding outfit . they stand in the midst of a combination voodoo , haitian ritual . there be firepot , graven image , native dancer rattling bone . Tom -tom thump and the voodoo dancer wear a mask leap in front of they and plunge a knife into a three - foot human doll . the music stop abruptly . voodoo minister you may kiss the bride , a flash camera go off as navin and Marie kiss . ( continued ) 91 . 205 continued : 205 steve ( v.0 . ) ( continue the letter ) ' we be both glad we have a religious wedding . anyway , you will be glad to know that money have not change we live that much , we one little extravagance be a live - in butler and housekeeper . ' int . garage apartment - angle on hobart and hester 206 ~- day a English butler and may , be asleep in a single bed . navin and Marie be tippy - toe around the kitchen set up breakfast so as not to wake the help . navin ( in kitchen , whisper ) do you want toast ? marie ( whisper ) no , the toaster have a bell on it it might wake they ... 206 navin bring two slice of white bread to table . marie ( continue ) Boy , we all sleep late today . navin I think they be make love last night . SOUND : cheap chime doorbell . navin jump and open door . mailman ( wear a opti- grab , loud and cheerful ) good morning !... navin shhhhhh !... ( continued ) rev.3/13 92 . 206 continued : : 206 hobart ( grumpily with a very English accent ) no good to shush he now ... we be wide awake . marie we be sorry . hester ( grouchily ) not as sorry as you be go to be if it ever happen again . they continue grumble as they put they robe on . . mailman registered letter , sign here . navin sign . navin thank you . mailman exit . marie what be it ? navin ( awestruck ) another check ! hobart let I see that ! ( take it ) just as I think nearly three - quarter of a million dollar . Sir , it would _ seem that with this kind of income , you would buy a bigger home with servant ' quarter . then hester and I will not be self - conscious when we fuck , 207 ext . SMALL cottage ~ day 207 navin , Marie , hobart , hester and a real estate agent exite cottage . ( continued ) c) 207 208 209 continued : 93. 207 hester ( very politely ) Sir , if I may venture a opinion .. I believe that you and Mrs. Johnson will find this house more than adequate and will be very happy here . hobart ( sweetly ) especially when you consider that it come with detach servant 's quarter . he gesture . another angle 208 gesture . we pan to a spectacular mansion on the estate . navin ( quietly analytical ) you know , may I say something here ... ( gesture with orefinger ) ... now I may be wrong ... marie oh no , I do not think you be go to be wrong ... because when you do this ... ( impersonate he gesture ) you be never wrong ... navin ( still gesture ) well , that 's good . ( macho attitude ) we will take the goddamn servant ' quarter ! camera pan to a adjacent mansion on a roll hill . ext . mansion - closeup of sid spector - day 209 a handsome , graceful , gay designer . ( continued ) 209 210 rev.3/9 94 . continued : 209 sid Mrs. Johnson , navin ... ( he thrust up he hand in a stop motion ) stop ! when you buy you home from sid spector , you do not buy just a home , you buy my ball ! Three year ago , a design pop into my head . but I know none of my client could live in sid spector 's dream . this design need someone special , someone with vision . and when you walk into my office , I say , ' this be they ! this be they ! 's Mr. and Mrs. Johnson , this house be I . it be a complete live organism . there be sheet on the bed , a roast in the oven , and some fabulously wonderful people in the party room . by accept this key , you be oromising sid spector that you will live a life of fun , more fun , and just when you think there 's no more fun , you squeeze the fun tube that extra little bit and squish out the fun that will separate you from the ' corn pone ' . ( give navin the key ) Alice , welcome to wonderland ! ( he throw open the door ) ciao ! int . mansion 210 the camera move into the house showing we navin and Marie 's Pov . what we see be a extraordinary example of a house decorate to a lavishness and richness that " they could never have dream possible for themselves . the camera goe through to register the house which be replete with artwork , the latest and most original in furniture design with gadget , lavish tapestry on the wall . in the kitchen we see the roast cooking . in the dining room , we see the table set for dinner , candle light . a door slide open and reveal a dark disco room , with flash lignt , loud music and dozen of dance guest -- they wave at camera . ( continued ) 210 94a continued : 210 navin ( 0.s. ) ( meekly ) helloooo ! marie ( 0.s . ) hil the camera move up a stairway , - passing into the master bedroom . rev. 3/13 95 . -_ 211 int . master bedroom - day 211 a floral pattern print be repeat everywhere , the wall , the bedspread , drape , 's lamp , ottoman and everything else . the camera move to discover navin and Marie wear the squarest clothes , gape . they be in awe of they new home . navin be hold a open box of cracker jack ... Marie be carry a plas - tic purse . navin I can not believe this . it 's amazing . marie it 's really we . navin yes ! he 's really capture we | personality . sid spector 's a genius . be wife must be so , proud of he . marie {takes navin in she arm ) o~ this be . perfect . they kiss . marie mmmm ... this room give I idea . navin I know what you mean ... wanna play a little baseball ? marie ( sensuously ) I would love to . 212 int . bedroom - angle on bathroom door - day 212 navin come through wear a handsome robe . he pick up a pipe and a drink and casually stretch out on the bed . of 213 . angle to include window 213 CO a baseball crash through the window and land on the er bed . navin pick up the ball ... he be furious . ( continued ) 213 214 215 rev.3/13 96 . continued : 213 he race to the window . navin ( shout ) what the hell 's go on out there ? SOUND : doorbell . navin throw the ball on the bed and exit , drink in hand . int . front door of mansion ~ day 214 navin open the door . it be Marie , hold a bat and . oversize glove . she be wear a tight shirt and cut - off jeans , she baseball cap askew . marie {little girl 's voice ) mister , can I have my ball back ? navin sure , punkin ! it 's upstairs in ny bedroom . he take she hand and they go upstairs . navin ( continue ) what 's you name ? marie {baby talk voice ) I do not know ... they continue up step as : navin ( v.0 . ) dear Mom ... Marie and I be get along swell , but I have get a lot to learn about handle my money and bank . int . live room - day . 215 hobart look out window in b.g . ( continued ) * '' 215 216 2164 97 . continued : 215 steve ( v.0 . ) ( at a weird desk , signing thing ) what with signing check , learn about credit and debenture , certificate of deposit ... you have to be careful ... poor hobart . navin look toward window . navin be Pov - hobart cottage 216 hester , blindfolded , be tie to a stake ... Bank security guard FIRE at hester ... her head slump | to she chest . navin ( v.0 . ) his dear wife , hester , have to pay a substantial penalty for early withdrawal . back to scene 216a navin ( v.0 . ) enclose be this week 's check . you loving son , navin . - navin sorry about you wife , hobart . hobart Federal regulation , sir ... 0h , dear I , you wife buy you a new gold chain , I almost forget . I suppose I be still not over hester 's death . ' navin ( gaily , add the chain to he grow collection ) well , this thing take time , hobie . hobart ( lightly ) so I be tol . and here 's you drink , sir , like the one you see in the magazine . ( continued ) -~ 216a ms ) ) } oo u . 217 218 om S rev.3/2 98. continued : . 216a navin take out a ad tear from a magazine . the male model be dress like navin hold a drink . navin oread and hold a drink ) see that . " be somebody . . he compare himself to the photo . hobart very good , sir ... oh , some charity people be here to see you . navin nol send they away ! there be a lot of people more deserve than I . - + I cquidn | t take charity . not now ... with all this hobart no , sir , they want you to give . navin oh. omitted '' , 217 closeup - dr . forbe 218 dr . forbe ( solemn , earnest and direct ) I do not want to beat around the bush with you , Mr. Johnson . you have money and there be people out there who need it . families who have not eat in year . camera pull back . dr . forbe ( continue ) I could show you this photograph -». but I win che produce a portfolio ) ... because I do not think you could take they .. you live up here in a ivory tower ... alone . ( more ) ( continued ) * rev.3/15 -* 99 . 218 continued : : 218 dr , forbe ( cont 'd ) well , there 's a world out there ... navin ( cut he off ) you do not think I know that ? I have be there . I be there . I have be be there . you do not think I can look at a few photograph ...? Dr. forbe hold up the photograph . the camera can not see they . . navin ( continue ) abhhhhhhh ! check book ! check book ! where 's the check book ?! he find it and quickly write a check . 219 closeup - a texan . 219 dress in leisure suit . man os ( extend he hand ) Val Thompson from abilene , Texas . navin , seat in a swivel chair , spin around and with he leg extend sweep everything off the top of be desk . navin yes ? man my plane ... the seat be wear ... navin what ? the seat be wear on you plane ? ( more ) ( continued ) 100 . 219 continued : . 219 navin ( cont 'd ) you shyster ... I have just give money to people who have be suck rock for two year ... and you come to I with this petty , frivolous ... I will bet you can not even see the crack in the leather . man ( depressed ) yes , you can . some be beginning to tear open . navin well , get some good saddle soap . man ( break down ) I have try saddle soap , carnuba wax , boot polish , linseed oil ... I be embarrassed to take people in my plane . I have to put towel over the seat and tell they that the seat be wet . navin ( cry ) oh , my God , towel ! '' man ( sobbing ) life be not worth live . unless I get fifteen hundred dollar , I be afraid of what I might do . navin ( to the intercom ) miss Woods , make out a check for fifteen hundred dollar . man ( overcome ) oh , thank you ! now I can take ny friend to the Super bowl like a man , not a bum . 220 closeup - father decordoba 220 carry a 8 mm thread projector . ( continued ) 220 221 222 rev.3/6 101 . continued : . 220 father I be Father carlos Las Vegas De cordoba . . navin Father , you seem like a religious man . how can I help you ? father by give I three minute of you time to see some film of a great ugliness that be spread in my country . he plug in the projector . navin oh , God , I will bet it 's disgusting ... hobart , be you over you grief enough to close the blind ? hobart ( lightly ) oh , yes , sir ... one can not mourn forever . : hobart close the blind . father you will not believe what you be - about to see ... that human being could have sink so low that they can take pleasure to do this to another of God 's creature ... I hope you have a strong stomach , senor . navin Roll the ugliness . omitted / 221 angle - screen 222 the film roll . it be grainy , black and white , docu - mentary - style footage , shot under impossible condi - tion and smuggle out of the country . the camera pan around inside a smoky , crowded arena , much like a cock fight . many spectator be hold cat . there be a tiny stage and a curtain . the curtain part and a mexican ( navin in thin moustache , hair pommade and ill-fitting tuxedo ) , enter carry a box . he bow to the crowd and place the box on a table . from it he take out three or four little kitten and place they on the table . ( continued ) * * rev.2/26 102. of ~ 222 continued : 222 there be quick cut to the vicious , cheer crowd , ~ and then closeup shot of the innocent , unsuspecting . kitten ... navin ( 0.s. ) good Lord ! I have hear about he cat juggling ... : on the film , navin 's hand reach in and pick they up . cut to wide shot of navin juggling the kitten ( stuff ) , with the crowd in the background cheer madly and barbarically . 223 angle on navin 223 overcome with emotion . 224 | angle on screen 224 Film run out . the screen turn white . navin jump up . we see the white screen over he shoulder . navin ( shout ) stop it ! stop it ! o~ ( as if the film . just stop ) ~ good ! Father , could there be a . . God that would let this happen ? how much do you want ? - , father I do not come here for money . I want to show you my film ... I really want to direct . SOUND : intercom buzzer . hobart Mr. Johnson , some con Men be here to see you . navin the con men? yes ... they call this morning . tell the con Men I will be right down . 225 omitted 225 ~ ~~ ( continued ) * rev.3/13 * 103 . ° 226 ext . poolside area - day . 226 navin and the three con man be strolling around the * pool , drink in hand . 1st con man so , if you initial investment be half a million and the apartment be up by March , you could have ' X ' amount of dollar roll in by the end of this year . navin ( very business - like , sagely ) 'x ' amount ? oh , excellent . 1st con man * oh , yes , and you will be able to depreciate the entire building for the full amount . navin hmm. depreciate ! very good . 1st con man * and we find a way to get around this fair housing crap . navin hmm. good . 3rd con man we be go to keep the rent high by appeal to a select group o. people . : navin Select ... hmm . 1st con man * the eggplant . navin * no , we do not want any vegetable . 1st con man * no , the jungle bunny . navin * they will eat the vegetable . 2nd con man we can be straight with he , we be * go to keep out the nigger . navin the what ? : 1st con man the nigger . we will keep ‘em out . - ( continued ) c) 226 227 228 229 rev.3/2 104 . continued : . 226 navin ( stop ) Sir , you be talk to a nigger ! another angle , 227 he quickly slip he robe off , kick off he slipper and jump into a Bruce Lee karate stance with a appropriate shout . he be stripped to the waist , he body oile like a muscleman . he proceed to annihilate three con Men with a series of slow motion , choreo - graph karate blow . navin kick the last man directly in the ball and then navin fall to the ground , in pain , clutching he foot ... the man stand unperturb , smile . omitted 228 int . french restaurant - night , * 229 marie do not be so hard on yourself . how could you know that be Iron ball ' macginty ? navin and Marie be seat at a table . navin , wear a dozen gold chain ; be empty a bottle of wine . walter enter with two dish . walter ah , you escargot . ( serve they ) would monsieur care for another bottle of the chateau latour ? navin yes , but no more 1966 ... we want to splurge . we want some fresh wine ... the freshest you have get ... this year 's ... no more of this old stuff . waiter oui , m'sieur . navin he do not realize he 's deal with sophisticated people here . he start out . ( continued ) * ~ os 229 continued : 105 . ; 229 navin ( shout suddenly ) Marie , do not look dowmm . look in my eye . waiter ! walter oui , m'sieur . navin ( whisper ) there be snail on she plate . now get they out of here before she see they . Marie , do not look ! look away ! you would think at a fancy restaurant like this at this price , you would be able to keep the snail off the food ! take they away and bring we the melt cheese sandwich appetizer you talk I out of . waiter exit . navin ( continue ) can you imagine in a restaurant like this ... they do not have the little bamboo umbrella for the wine ... and now snail on you plate and what be this ? they put a velvet box under my napkin . marie honey , that 's a gift I get for you today at fiorello 's . fiorello 's be so fabulous . I can not even go back to the old place anymore . ocoh , guess who I see there ! Del melman . the guy who host ' good time America 's ... he buy the cheapest watch they have ... I be so embarrassed for he , I almost die ... navin oh ! another gold chain ! he look at he chest , already laden with gold chain , pendant , sight . medallion , charm , etc . it be a impose ( continued ) a ) c ) 229 230 231 106 . continued : ( 2 ) . 229 ' navin ( continue ) I love you ... another angle 230 he put the chain around he neck and lean over to kiss she . it 's the straw that break the camel 's back . navin struggle to maintain he balance , but the combine weight of the gold be too much for he . he struggle in vain , and then collapse head - first into the butter plate . Marie lift he up ; he head reel backwards . he fly off he chair , and with superhuman strength , rise to he foot . he totter and spin in different direction , but the weight of the gold carry he across the room and finally into the table of elegant diner . as navin fall into the collapse table , he scream : navin check ! int . live room - day : 231 the ever-present disco party can be see in the next room . navin be drink and dictating the letter into a machine . navin ( drunken voice ) ... and so , Mom , write this letter to you be still one of my great pleasure . the communication between a mother and son be so special , so intimate , I guess you might say it 's sacred . you loving son , navin ... copy to salsbury and randall , attorney at Law , and navin Johnson letter Collection , Harvard University . p.s. guess what ? Marie and I be really drink a lot . it 's eat ! we get wobbly and real y . you would be so proud of we . he shut off the dictaphone . Marie enter from disco party with a drink in hand and a gigolo at she side ... she push he away . ( continued ) 231 continued : rev.3/9 107 . 231 marie oh , tony ... you be so predictable . ( laugh a hollow , joyless laugh and become suddenly tearful ) be we turn into people who can not handle money and power ? navin uh huh . marie and we will always be surround by this kind of friend ? navin uh huh ... be not it great ! they will write article about we in this tabloid . ( hold one up } they will say , ' what go wrong ? 's marie be that what we want ? navin sure . we make a vow to sid spector . we do not want to be a couple of corn pone do we ? marie I do not want to be a corn pone . navin no ... you should become one of that ... uh , what do they call ‘em ... dilletante ! marie I would not sell my body ! navin no , you be think of debutant . you have get to start take lesson in thing like macrame and disco dance . and take some yoga from that top ramen guy . marie oh , I see ... we be go to be superficial . ( continued ) * '' c ) ) 231 232 108 . continued : ( 2 ) . / 231 navin right ! no more ' ficial . right now we be only ' ficial , from this day forward we be go to be superficial . bye-bye , ' ficial ; ello superficiall int . boardroom - day 232 it be a board meeting with navin preside . twelve member of navin 's corporation sit around a conference table . some wear optigrab . navin 's leg be up rest on the table , and he 's a little crazy . navin so , we be all agree , gentleman , the optigrab Corporation family dinner will be hold at the Palace of Sin . now it 's time for we nap . head down , everyone . ' they all put they head down . he wait a moment . navin ( continue ) okay , nap 's over . ( suddenly serious ) gentlemen , good news ... a lot of people have think that I be a one invention inventor . well , not so ... I have some new idea . one ... he get up from behind he desk . his leg , which have be propped up on the table all this time , remain at the desk while navin parade . the executive gasp . navin ( continue ) that 's right -- my newest invention . Comedy gag leg . everyone will want this , from the schoolteacher to the duck hunter . and I have another invention . bernstein , how much be the cheapest calculator ? bernstein eight dollar ? ( continued ) 232 rev.3/13 * 109 . ° continued : 232 navin you know why they cost that much ? they be accurate . see this ... ( hold up a homemade look calculator ) punch in ten time four ... * he give it to bernstein ; bernstein do so . navin ( continue ) what have you get ? bernstein thirty -seven . what kind of * calculator be that ? navin it 's not a calculator ; it 's a estimator , * ___and it get close but it only cost two * dollar . people have be pay a big price for accuracy ... this be good for the average guy who want to know approximately what ten time four be . next , a new idea in jigsaw puzzle ... ( take cover off a large press-like machine ) now , as you know , optigrab have recently purchase a original painting by rembrandt ... point to it hang on the wall ; take the rembrandt off the wall ) what happen to the millionaire who love puzzle but hate to buy bad reproduction ? ( raise press and slip painting into it ) who can he turn to ? ( pull lever ; the press close on the painting ) us! optigrab , manufacturer of the two million dollar fine - art jigsaw puzzle . ( continued ) et C 232 233 rev.2/23 * 110 . continued : ( 2 ) , 232 jig-sawed piece of the painting come tumble out of a chute ; navin throw piece on the table . navin ( continue ) there 's a little bit of fun for the sheik ! all right , gentleman ... ( sing ) | row , row , row you boat , gently down the stream ... merrily , merrily , merrily , merrily , life be but a dream . , . now , all the vice-president ... some member join in sing . navin and executive row , row , row you boat ... etc . now , marketing ... row , row , row you boat , etc . int . mansion live room - that day , 233 Marie , tipsy , be seat on a sofa in front of a coffee table . on it be a empty bottle of wine and two glass , a swarthy Latin dress in a black " suit of light " . navin enter , carry he briefcase . navin hi , honey . marie ( slightly tipsy ) oh , hi , doliface ... : navin ( curiously ) everything okay ? marie remember how you tell I to take unnecessary lesson ? I just take a lesson . latin instructor and a very good student , too . adios senora . he exit . navin oh , good , you take flamingo guitar from that flamingo ... ( continued ) 233 234 rev.3/13 lil . continued : : 233 marie no , knife - throw . navin knife-throw 's great ! marie I can almost do it . navin well , let I see you stuff ... he back against the wall . | angle 234 marie now turn sideways and put a balloon in you mouth ... do you have a ' balloon ? — ( continued ) rev.3/13 112 . . 234 angle ( continued ) : 234 navin yes ... he whip a full - blow balloon out of he breast pocket and clenches it between he tooth . navin throw it hard so it will stick ! marie ' ( drunkenly weaving , and aim a sinister butcher knife ) one , two ... three , four ... five , six ... ..- and she throw . marie aw , I miss . c.u. navin . - navin it 's okay . marie I can not do anything right . 235 wideshot of navin 235 the knife be through he fly ; he be nail to the wall . navin honey , you worry too much . he pull the knife out and cross to a five - gallon sparklett bottle bear a chateau lafite rothschild label ; from it navin draw a wine glass full of rich , red wine . navin ( co not ) do you realize that in two short month we have acquire the _.. phoniness that it take some people a lifetime ? c'mon , let 's toast ! ( note : he get the waterford Crystal from a paper - cup type dispenser . ) . se cy € ) 236 237 238 bev ees at 113. int . party room - night . 236 closeup of Marie , radiant , she head toss back . she be in the midst of a torrid disco dance . shot widen to include the jump party . dancer , drinker , etc . Marie be dance up a storm . with she be navin danc - ing in a stiff , lummox - like way . navin ( dress in a sharp tuxedo ) that disco lesson really pay off , honey . another angle 237 the party be in full swing . on one wall be a giant advent t.v. screen show a old western movie . navin and Marie at this point do a short , wild and stun disco- like dance to be choreograph . they finish in a blaze of triumph . they be overapplaud and overcomplimented . " navin baby , you be too much , " " dollface , just super ! " etc . marie ( look off toward advent ) oooh , honey , here 's that interview you do yesterday . ( shout ) everybody , we be go to watch navin on the t.v . shut off the music . get you drink and sit down . navin aw , nobody want to see this . marie shhhh , there you be . angle on screen 238 closeup of navin smile . * announcer ( v.0 . ) american time News Magazine turn its probing eye on navin Johnson , inventor of the opti-grab , that little glass handle that sell 10 million unit in a few short month . ( more ) ( continued ) 238 238a 239 240 rev.3/13 114. continued : , 238 announcer ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) feature on the cover of time , Newsweek and many other major periodicals . cut of celebrity on magazine cover sport opti - grab . announcer ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) Mr. Johnson , you have become a millionaire overnight ... who be you ? navin who be navin Johnson ? well , navin be a complex personality as be most of the small breed of modern day Renaissance millionaire ... picture of navin be interview continue on the screen in cut . through the follow , navin charac - terize the announcer 's description . announcer ( v.0 . ) the interview with Mr. Johnson go on for about fifteen minute and throughout it all , Mr. Johnson be charming , incisive , self - efface , animated and highly emotional . Steve pantomime above . omitted 239 angle on announcer 240 announcer we have plan to show you the entire Johnson interview , however , when we return to we studio we news department inform we of a sensational development in the Johnson story .... ° it seem a croup of irate citizen lead by the celebrity Mr. Carl reiner have initiate a class action suit against Mr. Johnson and he opti- - grab . here 's what Mr , reiner say today at a press conference . ( continued ) * 241 242 rev.2/23 '' 115 int . HOTEL PRESS conference room - day ( draped wall 241 and podium ) carl be stare cross - eye into camera . in front of he be a hundred microphone on a podium or desk . carl when opti- grab come out , I think it be the great * thing ever , and I buy a pair . and this be the result ... he indicate he cross - eye . carl ( con 't ) that little handle be like a magnet ; * you eye be constantly draw to it , and you end up cock -ey . and as a director I be constantly use my eye and the opti-grab device have cause irreparable harm to my career . let I show you a clip from my latest picture , where my faulty depth per - ception keep I from yell ' cut ' at the proper time . a film clip 242 roll 'on the screen of a car drive off a cliff and roll off it . as the car be about twenty foot over the cliff , we hear carl yell " CUT . " ( continued ) 243 244 245 rev.2/23 , 116 . back to carl . 243 carl if I have yell cut in time , that actor would be alive today . that 's why I be spearhead the ten million dollar class action suit against Mr. Johnson and he irresponsible sell of a product he do not even test on prisoner . int . party ~- night 244 angle on the party crowd . they be sturine . a couple of the partygoer remove they glass to reveal cross eye . navin smile sickly . the partygoer drift off with excuse . " Boy , it 's ten after seven , " " another phony ... " " nouveau riche ... " '' he get what . he deserve , " " he make my mother cock - eye . " this last man be be restrain and drag off . navin honey , why the gloom ; this be not the end of the rainbow ... I be navin Johnson ... inventor . I have get art jigsaw puzzle ... the the the ear movie . this be a parking ticket to I . only instead of five dollar , it 's ten million . - marie ( cry ) I do not care about lose the money ; it 's lose all the stuff . navin we be not go to lose we stuff . this be America . I be go to receive a fair trial from a impartial jury . int . courtroom - day 245 we pan across a row of twelve juror . they be all cross-ey . the foreman rise . foreman we find for the plaintiff . * * 246 247 248 rev.3/13 117 . angle on judge 246 we only see the side of he head , with navin in b.g . judge I award to Mr. reiner and the other nine million nine hundred , eighty - seven thousand six hundred fifty - two plaintiff , the full amount of the suit . navin take out he pocket estimator and calculate . navin but , you honor , that 's between 99 cent and a $ 1.15 per person approximately . I will be wipe out . angle on judge 247 this time we see he face . he be cross-ey . judge ( he bang the gavel , miss the block ) Court be adjourned . int . live room - day 248 navin sit at a desk , drink . we see mover in the b.g. carting out a sofa . there be pile of envelope on one side of the desk , and pile of blank check on the other . navin be write diligently . he be wear a short robe and be look a mess . navin ( continue ) pay to the order of Mrs. wilbur Stark , one dollar and nine cent . sign navin R. Johnson . he put it in the envelope , lick it , stamp it and add it to the stack . he start another . navin ( continue ) Mr. Iron ball mcginty ... ( suddenly he wheel around ) what ...? there be nothing and no one there . - ( continued ) * C ) 118. 248 continued : 248 249 marie enter . the first he stand ankle . she come navin ( continue ) one dollar and ... ( he take another drink ) . nine ... ( he 's crazy ) huh ? what 's this ?! lint ...! this lint . it 's drive I erazy ! 249 she be wear the gingham dress she wear in bedroom scene . she be cry slightly . navin why be you cry ?... and why be you wear that old dress ? marie because I just hear a song on the radio that remind I of the way we be . navin '' what be it ? . marie " the Way we'were . ' look at we ... we have hit . bottom . navin oh , no ... maybe you hit bottom , but I have not hit bottom yet . up . we see he pants be down around he navin I have get a way to go . and besides , I be gonna bounce back and when I get to the top again , I will buy you a diamond so big it will make you puke ! to he and speak warmly . marte oh , honey , I do not 7 to puke . re , ( continued ) rev.3/13 * 119 , 249 continued : . 249 marie ( cont 'd ) I do not want wealth . I want you like you use to be . what happen to that man ? navin I ? what happen to the girl I fall in love with ? the girl who believe in I . well there 's plenty of place I can go ? marie well gol the sooner you be out of my life , the sooner I can go back to be that wonderful girl in the gingham dress that you sing the thermos song tol navin well I be go then and I do not need anything . just this ashtray ... ( pick it up ) ... and that 's it ... the ashtray and this remote control ... ( pick it up ) the ashtray and the remote control and that 's it ... and this paddle game ... opick up paddle ) . and. that 's it ... and this chair . * by this time navin have work he way just outside the open front door . Marie be still inside . navin * what do you think I be ... some kind of jerk ? with tear in she eye , Marie watch he go stumbling * across the lawn . 250 angle on navin 250 she slam the door . wham ! navin look indignant . he turn and walk out the gate with he pants around he ankle , and he ashtray , tv remote control and paddle and chair . * 251 252 253 254 255 256 rev . 5/79 120 . ext . bel - AIR - navin 251 quick shot of navin trudging down a hill in bel - Air ... int . bus - quick shot of navin on bus 252 omitted 253 ext . century CITY - day 254 quick shot of navin walk through crowd in century City , look up at Stan Fox 's office building . int . century plaza office build - day 255 through the plate glass in the lobby , we can see navin shuffle across the concourse still in bathrobe , drink in hand , pants around ankle , paddle - ball in pocket . people give way to let he through as he head into the lobby and wait for a elevator . int . stan fox's office - day 256 the office be stripped bare with only one empty file cabinet and a door on two saw- horse for a desk . Stan Fox be pack thing in a box to go on the road . there be a meek look young man sit shyly in a corner . navin Stan , I get some more idea . stan ( elate ) yeah , yeah ... look good , look good ... good luck with they ... : I get a new boy -- medford baxter ! found he at a bus stop . kid 's a genius . he come up with a surefire money maker ... Stan open he coat to reveal a thick leather belt with pouch around he waist . stan ( continue ) a bible belt ! carry all you bible ! Old Testament , New Testament , King James version , new. revise version , the Gay Bible , it 's get everything . ( more ) ( continued ) * rev. 5/79 * 121. 256 continued 256 stan ( cont 'd ) it 's a church around you waist . pow ! '' sinner : come on medford . * nput on western hat ) there 's a lot of twenty - four ninety - five out there , and it 's get we name on it . navin , one minute you be up , one minute you be down . think of it this way ... we kill two minute ! navin wait for I . 257 . ext . stan fox be office - day 257 navin exit the building and sit on a bench . there be a old magazine nearby . navin pick it up in he delirium and stare at it . the shimmer effect on the cover change the face of the girl into hartounian 's face . hartounian ( v.0 . ) ... and some day when you be at the bottom of the barrel , and you be walk around with you pants down around you ankle , you will take out this little piece of paper I be give you and you will read something that will take the pain away . 258 on navin 258 navin take he wallet out of he pants and find the tatter envelope . he open it and we see it as he unfold dramatically the piece of paper . 258a insert - piece of paper 258a it read : " for a good time , call trudy , 555 - 1212 . " 258b on navin 2583 navin look up . navin ( call ) trudy ...! trudy ...! -continued - 2588 259 - 265 rev. 5/79 * 122-123 . - continued 258b a elderly lady carry a stripe thermos and a lunch * bag , pass navin . he follow the lady around a corner . the camera stay put on the empty scene , and moment later , the woman appear carry navin 's chair , remote control , etc . navin appear with the thermos and wander off forlornly . 259 - , ommitted 265 265 - 266 266a rev. 5/79 * 124. 265 - ommitted 266 navin , in tatter bum clothes , look at he watch rue - fully , umstrap it and enter the shop . a moment later , he step out of the shop carry a beat - up sax - ophone . he look puzzle , put it under he arm and walk off . ext . pizza shop - day 266 a navin approach the window and watch a pretty young girl take a pizza from a oven . as she be cut it , she feel navin 's eye on she and look up . - he look so pathetic that she maternal instinct take hold . she want to do for this man what the girl in Midnight Express do for she lover in the turkish prison . she refer to she lip ; naving shake he head no . she thrust she breast forward and shimmy they . navin say no ; he instead point to the pizza . she understand , and with great compassion squish the pizza against the wall while navin try to eat the pizza against the glass . 267 omitted . 267 268 ext . hollywood boulevard - night 268 music : trumpet solo of " what will I do " navin watch as a bum rush out into the traffic and clean a car windshield with a rag . the driver give the bum a coin , a beautiful , gleam Ferrari pull to a stop at the light near navin . he run up to the car remove a filthy rag from he coat pocket , and in a attempt to clean the windshield , smear a thick film of oil and food all over the windshield , totally ob - scure the driver 's view . navin hold out he hand for a tip as the car speed away . * 269 270 ommitted ext . gutter - night we be back to the scene on page one . the rain have stop . navin lay in the gutter talk into the camera . the theatre be let out . navin so that 's it . it 's a old story , one that you have probably hear before , but I never think it would happen to I . rev. 5/79 * 125. 269 270 he take a swig from the thermos . the camera pull back to end the movie , and then we start to fade out , when a voice interrupt . a Big , black sedan pull up . a black driver poke he head out the window . tat hey , any of you bum ever hear of navin R. Johnson ? navin ( a drunken voice ) I have hear of he ! tat bear in Mississippi ? '' navin uh huh ... tat he once have wealth , power , and the love of a beautiful woman ? navin uh huh ... tat inventor of the opti-grab ? ( continued ) * 270 rev . 5/79 126 . continued : navin I be just tell this guy ...! father Son ! navin daddy ...! ( navin kiss dad ) be look in the car . navin ( co not ) Mom ... ( kiss Mom ) elvira ... the whole family ... Taj : tat ( hold navin off ) do not kiss I ! Marie step out of the back seat wear a white dress . marie navin ? he go to embrace she , hesitates , and then take she with abandon , and lick he face . marie I call they the night you leave . navin ; how do you ever find I ? dad I do not know . this be the first place we look . mom we be takin 's both of you home . you be go to live with we . tat turn out , dad 's a financial genius . dad all I do be take the money you send we and embark on a periodic investment in a no - load mutual fund . ( continued ) 270 270 270 a rev . 5/79 127 . continued : 270 : tai he leverage he ass deep into soy bean and cocoa future . elvira right on ! navin I pick up this thermos for you . I would kiss you but I be too dirty . marie dirt do not bother I ... but the smell do . phew ! dad you better get back with the dog until we hose you down . marie I love you , navin . navin I love you , too . father open all the window . mother yeah , every one of they . more weep and embrace as they get into the car and as the car drive off ... navin ( v.0 . ) I be so glad to be go home . I remember that last day when I sang and dance with my family on the porch of the old house . curt to : ext . porch 270a * replay of the original scene of navin and family dance . on the porch to the tune of " pick a bale 0 ' cotton " . navin ( v.0 . ) but thing change , and with all the addition to the family , we have to tear down the old house , even though we love it and build a bigger one . ( continued } rev. 5/79 127a , a 270b ext . porch of new house - day 270b - cut to exact angle of original scene , revealing the family all dress in white dance and sing on the porch and in front of a exact copy of the original shack twice the size .