" the night of the hunter " screenplay by James agee and Charles laughton base ona novel by Davis grubb shoot draft 1955 full shot - the starlit sky voice and he open his mouth and teach they , say ... fade sky to day . lap dissolve to : long shot — helicopter - ohio rver country High over the country , centering the wind river . voice beware of false prophet ... lower long shot —- helicopter — river country we approach a riverside village . voice .. which come to you in sheep 's clothing ... a closer , lower helicopter shot we descend low over a desert house ; child in yard run and hide ; we hear " it " count " five , ten , fifteen , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary twenty ... " voice .. but inwardly they be ravening wolf . medium shot - " it " he finish he count with a loud " hundre " and turn , then : '' tr what 's wrong ? we pan as he come towards a little boy , beside a open cellar door , who gesture towards the open door . " it " look down . '' tr ( a low gasp ) heyy ! ( then he shout to all and to we ) heyy ! we dolly in fast to , and tilt down into open cellar , into : close shot - aleg a skeletal leg in a rotted fume of stock and a high-heele shoe . we hold a moment , then pull up and away over the converge head of several child . a child whimper softly . helicopter shot the yard and the child , same angle and height as the last descend helicopter shot . we pull back and away . voice ye shall know they by they fruit . dissolve to : high long shot — helicopter centering the river . voice a good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary lower long shot ( helicopter ) centering on open touring car , as it drive along a river road . voice neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit . we stoop low towards the car . voice wherefore by they fruit ye shall know they . CUT to : close shot - preacher he be the driver of the car . pleasant river landscape ( process ) flow behind he . he be dress in dark clothes , a paper collar , a string tie . as he drive he talk to himself . preacher what 's it to be , Lord , another widow ? have it be six ? twelve 's ... | disremember . he nod , smile , and touch he hat . we see a farm couple in a poor wagon . preacher you say the word , and I be on my way . lap dissolve to : close shot - preacher drive he brake he car in a small riverside town ; then proceed . preacher you always send I money to go forth and preach you Word . a widow with a little wad of bill hide away in the sugar - bowl . lap dissolve to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot - preacher drive he shift into second gear , climb a steep little hill . preacher lam tired . sometimes | wonder if you really understand . ( pause ) not that you mind the killin' ... the stone of a country graveyard gleam in the last daylight . preacher yore Book be full of killin' . he start fast and noisily down a steep hill . preacher but there be thing you do hate , Lord : perfume-smellin ' thing — lacy thing — thing with curly hair - CUT to : int . a burlesque house — medium close shot - a dancer she be hard at work , to music o.s . full shot - audience - centering on preacher , in aisle seat among the member of the sad burlesque audience , he be in strong contrast : a sour and aggressive expression . Music o.s. we move in fast to a head close - up . medium close shot - the dancer insert —- preacher' left hand label h-a-t-e in tattoo across four knuckle , it grip and flexe . insert - he right hand before we see the lettering he slide it into he pocket . extreme close shot - preacher his head slant ; a cold smile ; one eyelid flutter . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary insert — right hand and pocket we hear the snap open of a switch - blade knife and the point of the knife cut through he clothes . less extreme close shot - preacher he seem to " listen " for something . preacher no , there be too many of they ; you can not kill a world . a hand descend firmly onto he shoulder . he glance up behind he as we tilt to : close shot - a state trooper he bend down and speak quietly next preacher be ear . trooper you drive a Essex tourin' - car with a moundsville license ? lap dissolve to : int . courtroom — close three - shot — judge and clerk , over preacher judge Harry Powell , for the theft of that touring car you will spend thirty day in the moundsville penitentiary . preacher ( correct clerk ) preacher Harry Powell . judge acar thief ! picked up where you be ! a man of God ? ( to clerk ) Harry Powell . lap dissolve to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary full shot —- moundsville penitentiary — day ( helicopter ) agrim stone turretted fa , ade ; a american flag idle at top center . lap dissolve to : close downward two - shot — JOHN and pearl harper they sit in the grass , a sentimental picture . JOHN be nine ; pearl be five . they be work together on pearl be doll ; pearl be dress she , while JOHN get on a difficult shoe . pearl harper stand still , miss Jenny ! JOHN harper ( across she ) there ! what 's so hard about that ! he proudly exhibit the shod foot . they hear the sound of a auto engine o.s . they look o.s. and get up , pearl dangle the doll . long shot - over the child - BEN harper' ford a model -t Ford approach at maximal speed on uneven dirt road . pearl harper ( to John , happily ) daddy ! the car careen towards we ; then swing into the sideyard as we pan , and stop . they run towards they father fast ; then JOHN look puzzle and they stop short . BEN harper half - fall out of the far door , he shoulder blood - stain , he eye wild . a hefty , simple man of thirty . he look at they , daze , across the car . medium shot - BEN harper BEN harper where 's you Mom ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary JOHN harper out shopping — you be bleed , dad - BEN harper listen to I John . on this he come around clear of the car with a revolver in one hand and a bloody roll of banknote in the other . close shot - JOHN he scream . BEN slap he with the back of the money hand , leave blood on JOHN be cheek . close group shot - JOHN , BEN , pearl pearl , and the house , be in background . pearl just clutches she doll . during BEN be next line , JOHN touch he cheek and look at the blood on he finger and at the bloody money — of which we flash - CUT a insert . BEN harper ( rush ) listen ! this money here ! we get to hide it before they get I ! there 's close to ten thousand dollar . ( he eye dart wildly ) under a rock in the smokehouse ? ah no . under the brick in the grape arbor ? no , they would dig for it . close shot - BEN BEN harper ( sudden triumph ) why sure ! that 's the place ! he move forward and out and in he place we see two police car , small in distance , come fast . we hear siren . int . front police car — through windshield and over two state troopers . they move at high speed , with siren . BEN and he child , tiny in the distance , dilate . trooper ( drive ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary that 's he . 2nd trooper ( over he shoulder , as if to we ) he prob'ly still have that gun . close group shot - BEN and child .. police car approach in background . pearl hug she doll . JOHN be daze . BEN stand , pistol in hand . BEN harper here they come . JOHN harper dad , you be bleed ... he grab JOHN be shoulder and stoops as we tighten in . BEN harper listen to I son . you get to swear . swear mean promise . first swear you will take care of little Pearl . Guard she with you life , boy . then swear you will not never tell where that money 's hide . not even you Mom . JOHN harper yes , dad . BEN harper you understand ? JOHN harper not even she ? in b.g. the troopers get out of they car and fan out cautiously to surround BEN : gun in hand . BEN harper you get common sense . she be not . when you grow up that money will be yours . now swear . " I will guard Pearl with my life ... " JOHN harper ( fumble ) | will guard Pearl with my life ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN harper ..and | will not never tell about the money . " JOHN harper and | will not never tell about the money . pearl harper you , Pearl . you swear too . close shot - pearl pearl harper ( giggle ) who 's they Blue Men yonder ? head close - up — JOHN JOHN harper ( under breath ) Blue man . group shot - troopers in background a trooper Ben harper ! BEN harper I be goin 's now child . Goodbye . BEN back away from he child , raise he hand , gun in one hand . we pull back a little , enlarge the group shot and the role of the troopers init . trooper Drop that gun , harper . we do not want they kid hurt . two troopers approach BEN from behind . BEN harper just mind what you swore , son . mind , boy ! group shot - JOHN he run forward and clasp he stomach , with he mouth open . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary medium shot - BEN and troopers - john' viewpoint one trooper smack the back of BEN be head with a pistol barrel . close shot - JOHN JOHN harper ( shouting ; a sickly smile ) do not ! medium shot - BEN and troopers - as before another trooper , with a pistol barrel , knock the pistol from BEN be lift hand . close shot - JOHN JOHN harper ( shouting ) do not ! BEN sink to he knee as both man , and two other from the front , close in on he . head close - up — JOHN JOHN harper dad ! he take in the group with he mouth open . o.s. we hear the slamm of car door , and car start away . full shot —- john' viewpoint - the car they drive away fast in road dust . three - shot — the child and willa harper carry a shopping bag , they mother , willa , run up from background between the child , look always to car o.s . close shot - willa she have a rich body . resume three -shot script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary pearl come to she and she pick up pearl and the doll ; JOHN , laden with he oath , walk quickly into the house . willa do a bewilder take , then look again towards the car os . lap dissolve to : int . courtroom — close three - shot — judge and clerk , over BEN judge Ben harper , it be the sentence of this Court that for the murder of Ed smiley and Corey South , you be hang by the neck until you be dead , and may God have mercy on you soul . lap dissolve to : full shot - the moundsville penitentiary same view as before ; but now it be night lap dissolve to : int . ben' cell — night — close down - shot — BEN he lie on he back , chuckle and murmure indistinctly in he sleep . BEN harper | get you all buffalo ! you be not never gonna git it outen I ; not none o' you ! preacher' voice ( o.s. , very low ) where , Ben ? where ? where ? BEN harper ( distinctly ) and a little child shall lead they . close two - shot -— new angle - BEN , then preacher BEN lie in profile . from the bunk above , the face of preacher stretch down into the shot , upside down , snake-ike . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher ( softly ) come on , boy : tell I . BEN wake , see preacher , and hit he so hard in the face that he fall from bunk to floor . preacher collect himself into a squat , nursing he face . BEN sit up in bed . preacher ( with wholesome dignity ) Ben , I be a man of God . BEN harper tryin 's to make I talk about it in my sleep ! preacher no , Ben . BEN harper what would I say ? ( he grab preacher 's throat and shake he ) what ? what ? what ? what ? preacher ( choke ) you be quotin' scripture . you say - you say , " and a little child shall lead they . " BEN harper hm ! he lie back , amused . preacher sit on the bedside ; manner of a parson visit the sick . preacher ( gravely ) you kill two man , Ben harper . BEN harper that 's right , preacher . | rob that bank because | get tired of seein 's child roamin' the woodland without food , child roamin' the highway in this year of Depression ; child sleepin’ in old abandon script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary car body on junk -heap ; and | promise myself I would never see the day when my youngin would want . preacher with that ten thousand dollar | could build a tabernacle that would make the wheeling Island tabernacle look like a chicken-house ! BEN harper would you have free candy for the kid , preacher ? he pick up and wad a sock . preacher think of it , Ben ! with that curse , bloody gold ! BEN harper how come you get that stickknife hide in you bed -blanket , preacher ? preacher I come not with peace but with a sword . BEN harper you , preacher ? preacher get and pocket the knife . preacher that sword have serve I through many a evil time , Ben harper . BEN harper what religion do you profess , preacher ? preacher the religion the almighty and I work out betwixt we . BEN harper ( contemptuously ) I 'l bet . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher salvation be a last - minute business , boy . BEN harper ( sock near mouth ) keep talkin’ , preacher . preacher if you be to let that money serve the Lord 's purpose , he might feel kindly turn towards you . BEN harper keep talkin’ , preacher . he wad the sock into he mouth and lie back , sardonic . preacher ( he voice fade into dissolve ) you reckon the Lord would not change he mind about you if ... dissolve to : ext . penitentiary courtyard — night dissolve to : insert — preacher' hand they rest on sill of cell window , the lettere finger legible . the right hand be lettere l-o-v-e . the hand open , disclose he open knife . they close over it . close shot - preacher , at cell window his eye lift from he hand , heavenward . moonlight on he face . he pray , quietly . preacher Lord you sure know what you be doin 's when you brung I to this very cell at this very time . a man with ten thousand dollar hide somewhere , and a widder in the makin’ . dissolve to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ext . penitentiary courtyard — night same shot as before , but now , prison light be on ; and a man , a prison guard , wait close inside door . bart the hangman join he with a silent salute . bart wear a hard derby . ext . penitentiary — the door - ( reverse ) they walk in silence into medium , moving shot , the guard talkative , bart reluctant to talk . the penitentiary recede in b.g. guard any trouble ? bart no . guard he be a cool one , that harper . never break . bart he carry on some ; kick . ext . bart house — medium shot - bart and guard on porch , by door , be a doll 's perambulator . bart and guard walk into the shot . guard stop , bart start up he front step . guard he never tell about the money . bart ( walk up step ) no . guard what do you figure he do with it ? bart ( turn , at door ) he take the secret with he when | drop he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the guard leave the shot ; bart go in . int . bart hallway — close shot - bart he hang up he coat and hat . across this he wife speak 0.s. ; a light door be ajar at rear of hall . a clatter of dish and pan os . bart wife ( o.s. ) that you , Bart ? Supper 's waitin’ . bart just nod , and , tiptoeing , walk into a door next the kitchen and snap on a light and turn on water o.s . his wife come out of the kitchen and go in . int . bart bathroom - close two - shot —- bart and wife he be wash he hand in thick lather . pass , she peck he cheek and , as we pan , look into the next room . he look past she , and we see two small child asleep in a big brass bed . bart register , turn again to the basin , and we pan they back into the original two -shot . bart ( low ) mother : sometimes | think it might be better if | be to quit my job as guard . his wife be eye go sharp and quiet . wife ( low ) you be always this way when there 's a hangin’ . you never have to be there . bart rinse he hand . a sigh ; he take up the towel . bart sometimes | wish | be back at the mine . wife and leave I a widow after another blast like the one in ' 24 ? not on you life , old mister ! he look at she a moment . she go out . he look o.s. towards script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he child . he go into they room on tiptoe . medium shot - bart he approach he child , across whose bed we shoot without yet see they . he come into medium close - up . as he lean and we tilt down , he extend he large hand . close downward two - shot - he child two rise - and - gold little girl lie in sleep ; bart be hand enter the shot and gently rearrange the cover so that they mouth and throat be free . we watch , for a moment more , the two sleep face . lap dissolve to : head close - up — bart , hovering he child children' voice ( o.s. chant ) hing , hang , hang . see what the hangman do ! lap dissolve to : ext . cresap' landing — day we be in peacock alley . the tree-shade dirt street of a small , one - street river town ; a picturesque , mid -19th - century remnant of the old river civilization , which general progress have leave behind . chiefly we see , in this order : a schoolhouse ( on far side of street ) ; miz cunningham 's second -hand shop ; a grange House sport a poster for a western movie ; spoon 's Ice cream parlor . at the end of this street , down the river - bank , be a brick wharf and uncle birdie' wharf - boat . in b.g. and in pass , suggestion of sleepy small - town life . from the head close - up of bart the hangman o.s. chant , we lap dissolve to : head close - up — JOHN harper chant voice o.s. complete " see what the hangman do ! " pull back to : close pulling two - shot — pearl and JOHN script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary they stroll barefoot down the empty dirt sidewalk . they look towards the voice , pearl friendly , JOHN hostile . medium shot - the child , over JOHN and pearl several , within the door of the schoolhouse , stick they head around the edge . they chant at the harper child . another , next the door , be draw something on the wall . child ( chant ) hung , hang , hing ! see the robber swing ! over this line we CUT briefly to - closer shot — the child .. chant , draw . the artist complete in chalk , a large simple sketch of a man hang from gallow . as the verse end we CUT to : medium shot - the child , over JOHN and pearl they look towards our child ; JOHN pay they no attention . the draw be reveal . JOHN take pearl be hand . the other child giggle . child ( chant ) hing , hang , hang ! now my song be do ! between line one and two JOHN turn away from they into — close two - shot — JOHN and pearl — through window we shoot they through the window of miz cunningham be second - hand store . the back of a watch be silhouett large in foreground ; JOHN be eye instantly fix on it ; in b.g. the school-children finish they song and vanish , giggle , into the schoolhouse . we hear the tick of the watch . insert - the watch a watch with a move sweep -hand , tick . close two - shot —- JOHN and pearl script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary pearl harper be you goin 's to buy it , John ? no answer . JOHN be eye be fix on the watch . over a shop - doorbell we hear : miz cunningham's voice ( o.s. ) uh- hawwww ! ( they glance toward she . ) medium shot - miz cunningham fantastically dirty and fantastically dress , she hustle to they and we pan she into a three -shot . she talk like a tidewater cockatoo . miz cunningham ( continue ) so you mommy 's keepin’ you out of school ! poor little lamb ! pearl watch she ; JOHN , the watch . miz cunningham and how be you poor , poor mother ? JOHN harper she 's at spoon 's Ice cream parlor . miz cunningham ( she snuffles ) the Lord tend you both this day ! JOHN do not take he eye off the watch . close shot - JOHN his eye be fix on the watch os . miz cunningham's voice ( o.s. ) do not they never find out what you father do with all that money he steal ? eye as before till " money , " then he look up towards she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary medium shot - miz cunningham miz cunningham when they catch he , there be not so much as a penny of it to be see ! now what do you make of that ! eh , boy ? she grin horribly . two - shot — over JOHN and pearl JOHN harper Pearl and I , we have to go . he walk off fast as we dolly behind they ; he lead pearl , who hug she doll . pearl harper ( chant ) hing , hang , hang . JOHN harper you better not sing that song . pearl harper why ? JOHN harper ' Cause you be too little . a few pace in silence ; now they come to the big window of spoon 's Ice cream parlor . pearl harper can we get some candy ? willa be face be see within ; serve a customer , she see they and wave they away . JOHN harper no . he keep she strolling . walt spoon , come out , proffering two lollypop . walt howdy , youngin . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary pearl drag at JOHN be hand but JOHN , pretend not to see or hear , drag she out of the shot , shaking he head . we dolly in on walt , who look after they , surprised and touch , then go inside . int . spoon' parlor — group shot — walt , willa , icey spoon we pan walt across a little of he parlor ; he plant the lollypop back in a jar on the counter and leave the shot as we tighten in on willa and icey . willa slide use dish into wash - water ; icey jaw down she back , from first moment of shot . icey spoon willa harper there be certain plain fact of life that add up just like two plus two make four and one of they be this : no woman be good enough to raise growin’ youngster alone ! the Lord mean that job for two ! willa harper icey , | do not want a husband . close shot - icey icey spoon ( fiercely ) fiddlestick ! lap dissolve to : full shot - ext . STREET — night the weekly movie audience be let out , next door to spoon be . some start car or wagon , other stroll to spoon be . lap dissolve to : int . spoon' parlor — evening - two - shot - icey and willa we start with a close shot as icey be hand slap together a gooey banana split ; tilt up to two - shot , favor icey ; finish on willa , on " it 's a man you need , " etc . murmur of customer o:s . walt voice script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( call o.s . ) one solid brown sody , one Lovers ' Delight . icey spoon ' tai not a matter of wantin’ or not wantin ' ! you be no spring chicken , you be a grow woman with two little youngin ; it 's a man you need in the house , willa harper ! lap dissolve to : long shot —- night - a train a short , light , toy4ike train depart the town along the river - bank , whistling . the whistle tie over the previous dissolve . starlit sky . lap dissolve to : framing shot — ext . harper house — night a square , head - on shot , river water below and vibrant starlight above ; feature a gastamp by the road ; a tree ; and pretty tree - shadow which work across a window . int . harper children' bedroom - night - two - shot — JOHN , pearl , shadow pearl lie in they bed , she doll snug on she shoulder . JOHN sit on the edge of the bed , in he underwear . pearl harper tell I a story , John . JOHN harper once upon a time there be a rich king ... ( he see the shadow on the wall and get up and look at they ) ..and he have he a son and a daughter and they all live in a castle over in Africa . well , one day this King get take away by bad man and before he get take off he tell he son to kill anyone that try to steal they gold , and before long this bad man script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary come back and — pearl harper the Blue Men ? he move , and as he shadow move away we see the shadow of preacher , motionless . pearl sit up and point at it . JOHN notice she and see it . we pan JOHN to the window . he look out . full shot —- preacher — through window , john' viewpoint . he stand motionless . resume previous shot — JOHN at window he turn and we pan he to bed . JOHN harper ( casually ) just a man . ( he climb into bed and pull up the cover ) goodnight Pearl , sleep tight ; and do not let the bedbug bite . pearl harper ( to doll ) " night miss Jenny ; do not let the bedbug bite . as they settle down we hear preacher be sing , sweet and quiet o.s. : " lean on the everlasting arm . " dissolve to : ext . rver and town — morning — full shot - a gingerbread side - wheeler she steam around a bend towards a toy-ike small town . preacher be song , 0.s. , tie over . people be wave from shore and boat . full panning shot - the boat , from shore we pan she into frame uncle birdie steptoe be toy-like little script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary wharf -boat . as she pass broadside we CUT to : medium shot - birdie , then JOHN ..as boat pass . birdie be head stick through a porthole . he be a wiry old river character . the boat whistle . as birdie speak we pan JOHN , and founder skiff , into two - shot with birdie . birdie steptoe she do not put in at cresap 's landing no more , but she still blow as she pass . come on in and have a cup of coffee . JOHN harper ( start towards he ) ai not nobody steal dad 's skiff . birdie steptoe ai not nobody goin 's to neither , long as uncle Birdie 's around . he vanish from the porthole . we pan JOHN from skiff to wharf and Birdie 's door . birdie' voice ( call o.s . ) first day my jint be limber enough I 'l haul she up and give she a good caulkin’ . int . birdie' boat — two - shot — JOHN and birdie JOHN enter and sit on a box . birdie , in a ramshackle rock chair , pour coffee . bess be photograph on chest near birdie . birdie steptoe ai not see you in a coon 's age , johnny . JOHN harper | be mindin’ Pearl . birdie steptoe pshaw now ! ai not it a caution what woman will load onto a feller 's back when he be not lookin’ ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he give JOHN a cup of coffee . birdie steptoe " scuse I , cap , while | sweeten up my coffee . he fetch a liquor bottle from beneath the rock chair ; about to pour he do a take at bess' photograph . insert - the photograph it stand in a cabinet frame : a finetook young woman in archaic dress , with sharp , accuse black eye . birdie' voice ( o.s. ) Dead and go this twenty - five year and never take she eye off I . CUT over he line to - close two - shot — JOHN and birdie he turn the picture away and splashes liquor into he coffee . birdie steptoe ( pour ) man o' my year need a little snort to get he boiler heat of a morning . they drink . birdie , satisfied , sigh and rock . birdie steptoe this mornin 's | be talkin’ to this stranger up at the board - house . he know you dad ! close shot - JOHN JOHN look cautious . JOHN harper where do he know dad ? close shot - birdie birdie be face fall ; he take another drink . birdie steptoe script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary well , boy , I will not hide the truth ; it be up at moundsville penitentiary . close two - shot - new angle JOHN put he cup down and get up . JOHN harper I get to go now , uncle Birdie . he head for the door . birdie steptoe why shuck boy , you just get here . he follow JOHN to the door . JOHN run up the bank , not look back . JOHN harper ( run ) | tell Mom I would be back to spoon 's for Pearl . ext . STREET — medium shot — JOHN he run up the street close to spoon 's and stop dead . close shot - JOHN he be horrify by what he see . int . spoon' ice cream parlor group shot through door-glass , from john' view point preacher , willa and pearl surround a little table . walt stand by , puffing he pipe . icey in background , stir fudge at a little soda-fountain stove . willa look both move and pleased . pearl , shyly flirt with preacher , all but hide in willa be skirt . preacher dandle pearl be doll on he knee as he talk . all the grownup be avid for he word , which we do not hear through the glass . close shot - JOHN we shoot through the door ; he quietly enter . group shot they look casually to JOHN , and continue talk . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary icey spoon ( stir ; with a meaningful glance at willa ) God work in a mysterious way , his wonder to perform . over this JOHN enter the shot and stand at the fringe of the group , stare at preacher be hand and at the doll . preacher | be with brother harper almost to the end ... group shot - new angle — favoring JOHN and preacher preacher ( continue ) ..and now that I be no longer employ by the penitentiary it be my joy to bring this small comfort to he love one . flash-cut close - up - JOHN on " penitentiary " he glance quickly at preacher be face ; then back to he hand . group shot - icey icey spoon ( sniff ) I 's a mighty good man would come out of he way to bring a word of cheer to a grieve widow ! close shot - walt walt so you be not with the State no more ? group shot —- favoring preacher and JOHN preacher no , brother ; | resign only yesterday . the heart - renderin’ spectacle of they poor man be too much for I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he become aware of JOHN be stare . preacher ah , little lad , you be stare at my finger . he hand the doll to pearl . JOHN be eye follow the doll . preacher hold up both hand to JOHN . JOHN look back at he hand . preacher shall | tell you the little story of right -hand -left -hand — the tale of good and evil ? JOHN stand still . pearl , with she doll , cross to preacher and twine about he knee . close shot - JOHN he look on , in dumb alarm . close shot - preacher preacher h-a-t-e ! ( he thrust up he leave hand ) it be with this leave hand that old brother cain strike the blow that laid he brother low ! l-o - V -e ! ( he thrust up he right hand ) see this here finger , dear friend ! this finger have vein that lead straight to the soul of man ! the right hand , friend ! the hand of Love ! group shot - icey , walt , willa - over preacher' hand they be impressed in they different way . preacher ( o.s. ) now watch and I will show you the Story of life . the finger of this hand , dear heart ! - they be always a - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary tuggin 's and a-warrin ' one hand agin 's tother . ( he lock he finger and writhes they , crackle the joint ) look at them , dear heart ! medium shot — JOHN - over preacher' hand he look on with unsee eye . preacher ( o.s. ) Old Left Hand hate 's a-fightin ' and it look like Old right Hand Love 's a goner ! group shot - walt , icey , willa , over hand preacher ( o.s . ) but wait now ! hot dog ! Love 's a- winnin ! yessirree ! close shot - preacher preacher it 's Love that win ! Old Left Hand hate 's go down for the count ! ( he crash both hand onto the table ) full shot - the whole group slight applause from the adult . preacher take pearl , with she doll , onto he lap . icey spoon inever hear it better tell . | wish every soul in this community could git the benefit . you jest get to stay for we church pick -nick Sunday ! pearl offer preacher the doll to kiss . preacher comply . close shot - john' reaction resume group shot script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher ( finess it ) I must wend my way down River on the Lord 's work . icey spoon you be not leavin 's in no hurry if we can help it ! willa harper John : take that look offen you face and act nice . preacher he do not mean no impudence ; do you , boy ? ( no answer ) do you , boy ? ah , many 's the time poor brother Ben tell I about this youngin . JOHN harper what do he tell you ? close shot - preacher he do a little take . his eye twinkle palely . preacher why , he tell I what fine little lamb you and you sister both be . group shot JOHN harper be that all ? close shot - preacher something new enter he eye ; a game have begin between they . preacher why , no , boy ; he tell I lot and lot of thing . Nice thing , boy . a tight silence . icey pour fudge into a butter pan . preacher my , that fudge smell yummy ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot - icey icey spoon ( with horrid archness ) it 's for the pick-nick . and you will not get a smidgen of my fudge unless you stay for the pick-nick ! over she line , 0.s. , hymn-singing begin and now , over she " the case rest " smile we bring up the sing and lap dissolve to : ext . the river bank — church in background - full shot — the singing picknickers a pleasant , grassy river - bank . few man in proportion to woman and child . we CENTER preacher . they be sing " brighten the corner ; " preacher sing conspicuously well . the woman watch he and admire he . he give willa the eye as we pan to CENTER willa , who look woo and self - conscious . icey enter the shot and whisper and beckon willa and , as the sing continue , they leave the group and start towards a shade tree in medium ground , which we pan to CENTER . full shot - willa and icey they walk ; singer in background . icey spoon do not he have the grandest singin’ voice ? willa nod . icey , look ahead , be displease . medium shot - the tree , JOHN and pearl they sit on the bench , they back to we , partly conceal by the tree trunk . icey's voice ( sharp ) John ! Pearl ! they look around . icey and willa enter the shot , they back to we . icey spoon script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary run along and play , you two . JOHN harper where ? icey spoon down by the river . my goodness ! docile , they leave the shot as willa and icey approach the bench . close two - shot — willa and icey they sit on the bench , they back to we . the child recede towards the river in background . willa meekly keep she head down . sing continue o.s. icey spoon that feller 's just achin ' to settle down with some nice woman and make a home for himself . willa harper it 's awful soon after Ben 's pass . icey spoon if ever | see a sign from Heaven ! willa harper John do not like he much . icey spoon Pearl dote on he . willa harper the boy worry I . I 's silly , but it 's like there be something still between he and he dad . icey spoon what he need be a dose o' salt ! willa harper there 's something else . icey spoon what ? willa harper script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the money , icey . icey spoon I declare , you will let that money haunt you to you grave , willa harper ! willa harper | would love to be satisfied Harry Powell do not think I have get that money somewhere . icey spoon you will come right out and ask that man of God ! ( turn and yell ) Mr. paow -well ! ( to willa ) clear that evil mud out of you soul ! preacher start towards she . icey pivot and we pan over she to child by river . icey spoon ( yell ) John ! Pearl ! close shot - pearl and JOHN JOHN look up from pebble-skimming and loosen he tie . icey spoon ( yell 0.s . ) come along hee - ere and get some fuu - udge ! JOHN harper ( call ) | do not want no fudge . his brow be furrow . he skim another pebble . icey spoon ( shouting 0.s . ) you will do what you be tell ! they unwillingly get move . resume two - shot - icey and willa script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary icey spoon you go set down by the River . willa harper ( get up ) oh , icey , I 'ma sight ! icey spoon get along with you . both woman set off , willa to River , icey towards group . we track after icey . preacher approach . icey , crossing he , give he a little shove towards willa and a coy — icey spoon youll ! we follow she to the woman who be busy themselves with the fudge . close group shot - icey and women , favoring icey ..a few man in background , and , beyond they , preacher sit down by willa at water 's edge . JOHN and pearl approach . as icey start yammer the man , walt among they , shyly withdraw . icey spoon that young lady would better look sharp or some smart sister between here and captina 's a-gonna snap he up right from under she nose ! ( they nod and agree , ad lib ) she 's not the only fish in the river ! ( more agreement . John and Pearl join icey . icey speak to John ) now you two stay put ! close shot - JOHN he look hard towards willa and preacher oss . icey spoon ( o.s. , to woman ) shilly -shally around ... long shot - willa and preacher script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ..from john' viewpoint in tableau of decorous courtship , frame by heavy domestic body . icey spoon ( o.s. ) a husband 's one piece of store goods ye never know till you get it home and take the paper off . close two - shot - willa and preacher they sit by the water ; drool willow ; almost in travesty of a romantic scene . willa dabble one hand in the water . willa harper ( very shy ) do Ben harper ever tell you what he do with that money he steal ? head close - up —- preacher his head go slantwise and he smile oddly . preacher my dear child , do not you know ? close shot - JOHN he watch intently towards he mother ; pearl hold he hand . icey be voice o.s . group shot - women , JOHN and pearl icey spoon she 's moonin ' about Ben harper . that be not love , it be just flapdoodle . ( agree nod and murmur ) have some fudge , lamb . ( she hand some down to John and Pearl . Pearl smear she mouth with it ; John , watch always towards he mother , take one nibble and throw the rest away ) when you be marry forty year , you script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary know all that do not amount to a hill o'bean ! | be marry to my Walt that long , and I will swear in all that time I would just lie there think about my can . in background walt look sheepish . willa' voice ( call o.s . ) John ! John ? all look towards she . long shot - over group willa be stand , beckone JOHN medium two - shot — JOHN and pearl they start towards they mother . group shot - icey and women — new angle icey spoon a woman 's a fool to marry for that . I 's something for a man . the good Lord never mean for a decent woman to want that — not really want it ! it 's all just a fake and a pipe-dream . the other agree with she . she put a piece of fudge in she mouth . close group shot — preacher , willa , child ..as JOHN and pearl ( with doll ) come shyly up . willa be seat again . she be radiant . willa harper John , Mr. Powell have get something to tell you . preacher well , John , the night before you father die , he tell I what he do with that money . close shot - JOHN script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he desperately conceal he reaction ; he think BEN have betrayed he . resume group shot preacher that money 's at the bottom of the river wrap around a 12 - pound cobblestone . close shot — JOHN and pearl he now conceal he new reaction . resume group shot willa touch preacher be hand , warmly . willa harper thank you , Harry . she look all around she , glow , and stand up , hand to hair . pearl harper John ... JOHN harper sshhh ... willa harper | feel clean now ! my whole body 's just a quiverin ' with cleanness ! she walk away towards icey and the women . close shot - preacher preacher John : here . close shot - JOHN and pearl JOHN move to stand in front of he ; pearl , to stand beside preacher , with the doll . close shot —- preacher and child script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary from JOHN be eye -evel ; as JOHN step in front of he and pearl beside he . preacher you tie 's crooked . head close - up — JOHN the hand name love and the hand name hate come in to straighten the necktie . JOHN look down . he look up and see : group shot —- john' viewpoint preacher , in close - up , hand busy o.s. ; pearl , with doll ; and between they , in background , willa . she be now run fast towards icey , who walk towards she with arm outstretch . behind they , the group of women . birdie be guitar music begin o.s . dissolve to : ext . birdie' boat — evening — medium shot - birdie , JOHN and skiff Birdie sit beside he open door , strumm a guitar and sing . the scene be lamplight from within . Ben 's skiff be invert on trestle in foreground . at start of scene we see only JOHN 's foot ; he 's under the skiff , examine it . after three line of song he come out from under , and lounge against the skiff , trace a tarry seam with he forefinger . birdie steptoe ( sing ) " twas down at cresap 's landing , along the River shore , Birdie steptoe be a Pilot in the good old day of yore . now he set in he old wharf - boat ... JOHN harper ( across he ) when will dad 's skiff be ready ? birdie steptoe can not hear ye , boy . ( sing ) ..90 the big boat heave a sigh , they blow for uncle Birdie ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary JOHN harper ( across he ) when will the skiff be ready ? birdie steptoe ( sing ) and the time that be go by . I will have she ready inside of a week ; and then we will go fishin’ . how 's you maw ? through rest of scene , Birdie pick lazily at he guitar . JOHN harper o , she 's all right . birdie steptoe how 's you sister Pearl ? JOHN harper just fine . he get up . birdie steptoe leavin 's , boy ? JOHN harper yep ; gotta watch out for Pearl , uncle Birdie . birdie steptoe well goodnight , boy . come again — any time . JOHN leave the shot . birdie steptoe and mind now — I will have you paw 's skiff in ship -shape , ' side of a week . moving shot - JOHN as he run past spoon be , look in , he be curious . moving shot - spoon be , he viewpoint icey embrace willa or waltze she around ; walt look on , pleased . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary full shot - JOHN he hurry away from we towards home . framing shot — the harper house in the otherwise dark house , one window be light . JOHN enter the shot , he back to we . see the light window , he hesitates . JOHN harper ( softly ) be somebody there ? Silent pause , listen ; then he walk cautiously towards we . full shot - JOHN a tall , narrow shoot - frame ; right and leave third of screen be black . we shoot from inside the screen door . JOHN cross the porch and softly open the door and enter on tiptoe and pause , close to we , in the dark hallway , listen sharp . JOHN harper ( softly ) be anybody here ? silence . relieved , but puzzle , he tiptoe along towards the rear of the hallway in close - up as we pull away . we bring in the bottom of the stair . preacher' voice ( o.s. ) good evening , John . JOHN gasp , peer , and look up . two shot - JOHN and preacher —- narrow screen preacher look at JOHN ; JOHN sink onto the edge of a chair . preacher sit opposite . a bar of light from door fall across preacher be face . preacher ihad a little talk with you mother script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary tonight , John ; and you mother decide it might be best for I to — let you know the news . from JOHN , just a question helpless reaction . preacher you mother tell I tonight she want I to be a daddy to you and you sister . we be go to get marry , son . JOHN be still . preacher do you hear what I say , son ? JOHN harper huh ? preacher married ! we have decide to go to sistersville tomorrow , and when we come back — JOHN harper ( just breathe it ) you be not my dad ! you will not never be my dad ! preacher ( obsessed , disregard he ) — and when we come back , we will all be friend — and share we fortune together , John ! JOHN harper ( scream ) you think you can make I tell ! but | will not ! | will not ! | will not ! he gawk at he own folly , cover he mouth with he hand and look up at preacher . preacher ( softly ) tell I what , boy ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary JOHN harper nothin 's ! preacher be we keep secret from each other , little lad ? JOHN harper no. no. preacher stiffen , relax , and chuckle softly . preacher no matter , boy , we have get a long time together . close two - shot — JOHN and preacher JOHN start for the stair . dissolve to : ext . harper yard — morning - close shot - ben' ford it stand vibrate , then move out of shot with recede engine sound o.s. , disclose : two - shot — JOHN and pearl icey's skirt in background . they be awfully spic-and - span ; they even wear shoe . icey spoon ( o.s. ) Wave yer hand ! great sake ! they wave after the car , bewilderedly . icey spoon ( o.s . ) you wait here while | get you night - thing . she hustle out of shot . pearl harper now can | tell ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary JOHN harper hm ? pearl harper when Mr. Powell 's we daddy then | can tell he about — his hand clamp over she mouth . she struggle and whimper . JOHN harper you swore , pear ! pearl harper ( across he ) John ! do not ! JOHN harper you promise dad you would not never tell ! he take he hand away but hold it ready . pearl harper llove Mr. Powell lot and lot , John . JOHN grab she by the shoulder and glare . JOHN harper do not you tell ! do not you never dare tell ! over they we lap dissolve to : shoulder close - up - willa she be caress she shoulder . full shot - willa her back be to we . she be in a pathetic night dress ; she stand before a mirror in a hotel bedroom in sistersville . she walk to the door . insert willa' hand script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary it hesitates on the doorknob . close shot - willa shoot over she as she open the door , we see preacher in bed , he back to we . Beyond he , a window . the draw shade rustle quietly . close shot - the door .. from within the room . willa close the door , on which preacher be coat hang . the close bring a knock sound . willa feel the outside of the coat ; feel something hard ; take out the knife and look at it . insert - the knife in her hand - close shot — willa a moment of perplexity ; then a little smile . willa harper ( whisper ) oh! it 's ... uh ... she put it back in the pocket and give the pocket a pat . she start towards the bed . two - shot - willa and preacher we shoot over preacher as she approach modestly and stand by the bed . willa harper ( softly ) Harry ... his hand come up ; she put out she own , expect a loving hand - clasp ; but preacher point to the window . preacher fix that window shade . startle , then again tender , she move to : close shot - willa at window she adjust the shade , look always towards the bed . she smile maternally . as we pull back and pan into full shot of bed she come to the bed and sit on the edge and slip off she mule . preacher be back be to she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary willa harper ( softly ) Harry ! preacher ( cool and clear ) | be praying . willa harper oh , I be sorry , Harry ! | do not know ! | think maybe — with a sounding of bedspring preacher turn . his voice be quiet and cold . preacher you think , willa , that the moment you walk in that door I would start in to paw you in the abominable way man be suppose to do on they wedding night . ai not that right , now ? willa harper no , Harry ! | think — preacher | think it 's time we get one thing perfectly clear , willa . Marriage to I represent a blend of two spirit in the sight of Heaven . he get out of bed . willa put she face down to the pillow and moan . preacher snap ona harsh bare bulb at center of room . preacher ( quietly ) get up , willa . willa harper Harry , what — preacher get up . she obey . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher now go and look at yourself yonder in that mirror . willa hesitates . full shot - over preacher - centering a stained bureau mirror preacher do as I say . willa walk to meet she image in the mirror ; she eye on preacher . preacher look at yourself . her head drop , face the mirror . close shot - willa , preacher , bulb willa be in head close - up ; bulb hang at center ; preacher , in he nightshirt , be beyond it . preacher what do you see , girl ? her mouth tremble ; she can not talk . preacher you see the body of a woman ! the temple of creation and motherhood . you see the flesh of Eve that man since Adam have profane . that body be mean for begetting child . it be not mean for the lust of man . willa just open she mouth . preacher do you want more child , willa ? willa harper |=no , I - preacher it 's the business of we marriage to script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mind that two you have now — not to beget more . willa harper yes . he stand watch she for a moment ; then he snap off the light and get into bed . preacher you can get back into bed now and stop shiver . willa , in the darkness , do not move . she fold she hand in prayer and lift she eye . willa harper ( whisper ) help I to get clean so ican be what Harry want I to be . lap dissolve to : insert -a torch or railroad flare voice ( o.s. ) AAA - men ! group shot - congregation a dozen country man and woman in religious ecstasy . ( note : no set necessary for this scene . flare , or flare , in every shot . face light by flare . ) congregation aaa-menn ! willa harper ( o.s. , very loud ) you have all sin ! congregation yes ! yes ! head close - up — willa willa harper script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary but which one of you can say as | can say : | drive a good man to murder because | keep a-houndin ' he for clothes and per-fume and face paint ! group shot —- congregation willa harper ( o.s . ) and he slew two human being and he come to I and he say : take this money and buy you per-fume and paint ! full figure shot — willa , stand ; preacher stand in bg . willa harper but Brethren , that 's where the Lord step in ! that 's where the lord step in ! preacher yes ! congregation ( 0. s. ) yes ! yes ! group shot - congregation willa harper ( 0.s. scream ) and the Lord tell that man — congregation yes ! yes ! close shot - willa willa harper the Lord say , take that money and throw it in the River ! congregation ( o.s . ) yes ! yes ! hallelujah ! willa harper script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary throw that money in the River ! in the river ! congregation ( o.s. ) in the riiv - er ! CUT to : extreme close down - shot - pearle doll it lie face down on arbor brick , its back wide open ; money spilling out . a little breeze toy with the money . hold , a moment , in silence . then we hear a snipping sound o.s. tilt upward into - close shot - pearl she sit at the end of the grape-arbor . she finish cut a skirt paperdoll out of a hundred dollar bill and lay it down beside a male hundred - dollar paper -doll . she pat the doll . pearl harper now ! you be John — and you be Pearl . john' voice ( 0.s. call ) Pearl ?... Pearl ? pearl start guiltily and look towards he , scramble money together . JOHN be footstep o:s . pearl harper you will get awful mad , John . | do a sin! close shot — JOHN — pearle angle JOHN harper you what ? he hear the frantic rustling of paper — JOHN harper ( aghast ) Pearl ! you be not — close shot - pearl , over JOHN script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary pearl harper John , do not be mad ! do not be mad ! | be just play with it ! | do not tell no one ! flash CUT close - up — JOHN ..as he stoops toward she , dumb with horror . close shot - pearl she continue to gather the money together . pearl harper ( plead ) it 's all here . close two - shot — JOHN and pearl JOHN harper Pearl ! oh , pear ! she 's stuff bill back into the tear doll . they slide through she finger . he help . flash insert - preacher' foot ..as he plant it , with sound , in damp grass . close shot - the child JOHN freeze . preacher' voice ( o.s . ) John ? JOHN harper oh-yes ? long shot - preacher - children' viewpoint he stand at far end of arbor . preacher what be you do , boy ? long shot — child - preacher' viewpoint script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary JOHN harper get Pearl to bed . | - preacher what 's take you so long about it ? flash insert - there frantic hand , money , the doll JOHN harper ( o.s. ) it - she - close shot —- preacher — peering toward they preacher what 's that you be play with , boy ? long shot — child - preacher' viewpoint JOHN harper Pearl 's junk . Mom get mad when she play out here and do not clean up afterward . preacher come on , child ! insert - john' hand pin the doll together full shot - child stand up , look toward preacher , and slowly start toward he . the two forgotten paper - doll be blown toward he too . moving shot - preacher — john' viewpoint preacher be watch -chain gleam . the shot slowly close down onit and become still . we see the paper- doll blow past he . preacher' voice now , up to bed with the both of you . close shot - JOHN and pearl JOHN start to laugh uncontrollably . we pan they past script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher be stomach into full shot . preacher' voice come here , John . run along , Pearl . pearl go , JOHN come towards preacher . preacher — john' viewpoint preacher you mother say you tattled on I , boy . she say you tell she that | ask you where that money be hide . JOHN harper ( o.s. ) yes . yes. preacher that be not very nice of you , John . have a heart , boy . close shot - JOHN his helpless reaction . pause . preacher' voice run along to bed . as JOHN turn away we lap dissolve to : close shot - willa in profile and pull away show JOHN as he turn to she . ( pearl be head be turn away ; she 's asleep . ) willa harper be you impudent to Mr. Powell , John ? JOHN harper Mom , | do not mean — willa harper what be you impudent about ? JOHN harper script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he ask I about the money again , Mom . willa harper you always make up that lie , John ! there be no money , John . can not you get that through you head ? lap dissolve to : close shot - a gar , underwater close upward two - shot - JOHN and birdie they look down into the water . birdie steptoe meanest , orneriest , sneakinest critter in the whole river , boy ! a gar ! close two - shot — JOHN and birdie they sit up into it . JOHN harper here 's you can o' hook , uncle Birdie . birdie steptoe there hai not nary hook in the land smart enough to hook mister gar . what a feller need be mother - wit - and a horse-hair . over this , he pull horse - hair out of he hatband . he set to work rigging he noose . JOHN harper wo not he bust it , uncle Birdie ? birdie steptoe shoot , a horse - hair will hold a lumpin ' whale . he put over he line . pause . birdie steptoe do you mind I cussin’ , boy ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary JOHN harper no . birdie steptoe tell you why | ask - you step - pa be ' a preacher a ' all ... JOHN 's lip go like string . birdie see it . birdie steptoe never be much of a one for preacher myself . | dunno what 's wrong up at you place , but just remember one thing , cap — if ever you need help you just holler out and come a- runnin’ . Old uncle Birdie 's you friend . a powerful strike . birdie land the gar . the air be full of sparkling water . birdie steptoe there ! you slimy , snag-tooth , egg - suckin’ , bait -stealin ' so-and - so ! quick insert - the thumping fish in bottom of boat full shot he beat the fish with the heel of a old shoe . birdie steptoe ( beat ) mind what I tell you . if ever you get in a crack , I just come a-runnin’ . now there be no sound of thumping or beat . close shot - JOHN admire birdie , he square he shoulder , full of confidence . JOHN harper can we eat he , uncle Birdie ? birdie steptoe if you get a appetite for bone and bitterness . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary on this , he fling the dead gar in a wide arc out into the river . lap dissolve to : int . children' bedroom — night the child be ready for bed . close shot —- preacher smiling , quiet , await a answer . close shot — JOHN JOHN harper | do not know . two - shot — JOHN and preacher pearl play unconcernedly in background . preacher ( intimately ) she think that money 's in the river , but you and I , we know better , do not we , boy ? JOHN harper | do not know nothin’ ! preacher the summer be young yet , little lad . ( he turn away from John ) Pearl ? he hold out he hand to she ; she come to he lap , drop she doll at he foot . JOHN turn he back and look out the window beside bureau . preacher John 's a feller who like to keep secret . pearl harper mm-hm . preacher script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary I will tell you a secret . pearl harper yes ? preacher I know you daddy . ( pearl frown ) and do you know what you daddy say to I ? he say , " tell my little girl Pearl there 's to be no secret between she and you . " insert — john' hand come to rest beside a hairbrush resume two - shot - preacher and pearl , JOHN in b.g . pearl harper yes ? preacher now it 's you turn . pearl harper what secret shall | tell ? preacher how old be you ? pearl harper that 's no secret . I be five . close shot - JOHN —- preacher and pearl in b.g . a look of impotent hatred . preacher sure , that 's no secret . resume two - shot preacher ( continue ) what 's you name ? pearl harper ( giggle ) you be just foolin ' ! my name 's Pearl . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher tst4st ! then | reckon I will have to try again ! where 's the money hide ? JOHN throw the hairbrush , strike preacher 's head . JOHN harper ( scream as he throw ) you swore you would not tell ! ( he beat the air with he fist ) you swore ! you swore ! you swore ! close shot - preacher he be sure now pearl know . three - shot - pearl , preacher , JOHN pearl harper ( awed ) you hit daddy with the hairbrush ! another silence . preacher ( cheerfully ) you see ? we can not have anything to do with John . ( light off ) you and I will go down to the parlor . pearl harper miz Jenny ! miz Jenny ! she get the doll . we pan they through the door . two - shot — preacher and pearl outside door as he close it . preacher John 's just plumb bad through and through — close shot - pearl as preacher 's hand lock the door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary pearl harper ( at door ) yes , John 's just plumb bad . CUT to : int . spoon' ice cream parlor - three - shot — willa , icey , walt we shoot over icey as willa open the door to leave . willa be in outdoor clothes and be not dress for work in the parlor . willa harper that boy 's as stubborn and mulish as a sheep ! icey spoon it 's a shame ! willa 's face shine like one possess . willa harper goodnight . walt enter shot , he back to we . icey spoon goodnight , honey . as willa start away we dolly through door and pan she to desert street . there be a river mist . two - shot — walt and icey walt be ill at ease . resume shot on willa icey spoon ( 0.s. call ) plan ona longer visit next time . walt ( o.s . ) you do not hardly get settle till you be frettin ' to git home again . again willa pause and turn . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary willa harper ( with sweet radiance . to Walt ) I be need to keep peace and harmony between they . ( to icey ) I 's my burden and I be proud of it , icey ! she walk off into the mist . lap dissolve to : ext . harper home — night — medium shot - lighted parlor window ; rest of house dark distant muffle sound of river - boat whistle . pearl harper ( o.s. ) John 's bad . willa enter , she back to we ; she stop . preacher ( o.s . ) yes ; John 's bad . pearl harper tell I another secret about my dad . close shot - willa she smile benignly . preacher ( o.s . ) o no ! you turn ! pearl harper all right . preacher where 's the money hide . willa keep smile . pearl harper script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary John 's bad . preacher where 's the money hide ? tell I , you little wretch , or I will tear you arm off ! still smile , shaking she head as in disbelief , willa make for house as pearl scream . int . harper hallway — two - shot — willa and preacher narrow screen , same set - up as in earlier corridor scene , preacher and willa . they eye meet . pause . preacher ( stunne ) | do not expect you home so soon . close shot - willa she still smile ; she eye turn to sound of pearl 's sobbing . two shot - as before preacher stand still ; willa in background open closet door where pearl sob . CUT to : two - shot - walt and icey .. wash and drying glass . icey be wash briskly , walt be drying slowly . walt icey , I be worried about willa . icey spoon how do you mean ? walt I be figurin ' how I can say it so 's you will not get mad . icey spoon say what , Walt spoon ! walt script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary there 's somethin’ wrong about it , mother . icey spoon about what ! walt about Mr. Powell . all of it ! icey spoon Walt ! walt now , mother , a body can not help they feelin' . icey spoon May the Lord have mercy on you , Walt spoon ! walt mother , | only — CUT to : int . willa' and preacher' bedroom - full shot — willa on bed —- preacher in background willa lie in profile on the bed along the bottom of the frame . a prim , old woman 's nightdress make she look like a child . her hand be clasped . preacher , fully dress , stand at the window , which be in background towards foot of bed . his coat , hang over a chair , be in silhouette . River mist outside window halate by exterior gastamp . the window shade be up . she be mumble in prayer . she stop . preacher ( he back still turn ) be you through praying ? willa harper I be through , Harry . he turn . willa be calm and immobile with the ecstasy of a martyr . preacher script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you be listen outside the parlor window . willa harper it 's not in the river , be it Harry ? preacher answer I ! willa harper Ben never tell you he throw it in the river ? do he ? preacher hit she across the mouth . a pause . willa harper ( continue , unruffled ) then the child know where it be hide ? John know ? be that it ? ( a pause ) then it 's still here , somewhere amongst we , tainting we ? close shot - preacher , listening for a voice resume two - shot willa harper so you must have know it all along , Harry . close shot - preacher , listening after a moment , the river boat whistle blow , nearer . hold close - up a moment after whistle . close down - shot - willa , saint - like willa harper but that be not why you marry I , Harry . | know that much . it could not be that because the Lord just would not let it . resume two - shot - willa willa harper he make you marry I so 's you could show I the Way and the life and the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary salvation of my soul ! ai not that so , Harry ? close shot —- preacher he have hear the voice and start to move out of close shot . resume two -shot he have move over to the coat on back of chair . close shot - coat his hand go into the pocket and bring the knife out . ( it be the same coat , and pocket , as in the wedding - night scene . ) resume two - shot willa harper so you might say it be the money that brung we together . he pull down the blind . he move toward the bed . willa harper the rest of it do not matter , Harry . insert — preacher 's hand and knife it click open . resume two -shot as he raise he arm to strike : head close - up — willa willa harper bless we all ! dissolve to : int . children' bedroom — full shot - the shadow on the wall they be shape as in earlier scene , but alter by mist . set - up as in earlier scene . over they we hear the whinny - and - catch and the failure of the Ford be cranke ; once ; then again : the JOHN 's shadow move on the wall and on a third cranking which engage the engine , we pan to window , shoot over JOHN , who peer out , into blind mist . the gear of the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary car shift ; the car move away , unseen ; its sound diminish slowly , and die . a moment of silence ; then JOHN turn and we pan he to the bed . he get in beside pearl , who be asleep , and , as we tighten in close , put he hand across the face of the doll . dissolve to : head close - up - icey a ominous expression . she look sharp to walt , beckone secretly ; through rear screen door of kitchen , onto porch . icey spoon ( loud whisper ) Walt ! come quick ! full figure shot — walt he be scrubbing out a ice cream container on the back porch . he look up and move towards she . walt ( natural voice ) what 's wrong , mother ? medium close - icey , then walt icey spoon ( whisper ) sshhh ! he 's in there . walt enter shot with pipe . walt who ? icey spoon ( whisper ) Mr. Powell ! ( Walt look enquiry ) willa have run away ! walt I 'l be switch ... they enter the kitchen . we hear muffle sound of sobbing os . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary medium close two - shot walt just go ? icey spoon she take out some time durin’ the night , — in that old model -t — walt cluck he tongue . walt be he hit pretty bad ? icey spoon all to piece ! walt move towards kitchen cabinet . walt there 's a little peach brandy — maybe a sip ? icey spoon aman of the Cloth ? medium close shot — walt he pour , snap it down ; weak -defiance . medium close shot - icey icey spoon Walt spoon , that 's for sickness in the house ! medium close shot — walt he look towards o.s. sobbing . walt what can we do , mother ? two -shot icey spoon | think if you go and talk to he - another man — script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary medium shot - preacher he sit at a table , he back towards we , mumble over he Bible . two - shot - walt , icey behind he , entering through door walt mister Powell ? preacher ( suddenly loud ) a strange woman be a narrow pit ! icey spoon ( a reverent whisper ) amen ! amen ! preacher she lieth in wait as for a prey . and increaseth the transgressor among man . he close he Bible and turn to they with weepy eye and a brave little smile . preacher my dear , dear friend ! whatever would | do without you ! close shot - icey icey spoon ( wail ) mister Powell ! three - shot - new angle walt be there anythin’ - anythin ' ...? preacher it be my shame - my crown of thorns . and | must wear it bravely . icey spoon what could have possess that girl ! preacher script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( simply ) Satan . icey spoon ah . walt sit across from preacher . icey be at preacher 's elbow . walt do not you have no inkling ? preacher yes ; from the first night . walt the first night ? preacher we honeymoon . close shot - walt walt how 's that ? two - shot — preacher and icey preacher she turn I out of the bed . icey spoon ( with pleasure ) nnnoooo !! close shot - walt fill he pipe . walt what do you figure to do ? two - shot — preacher and icey preacher do ? why stay and take care of they little kid . maybe it be never mean for a woman like willa to taint they young life . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary icey spoon ( hand clasped ; with approval ) mmmmm ! close shot - walt dabbing at moisture in the corner of he eye . walt that 's mighty brave of you , reverend . two - shot — preacher and icey preacher I reckon it 's be ordain this way , brother spoon . close shot - walt walt do not — do not she leave no word ? two - shot — preacher and icey preacher ascrawl . on a piece of notepaper on the bureau . icey smile sideways . preacher | burn it . ( preacher hold out he hand , stare in disgust , and wipe he palm dramatically on he coatsleeve ) I tore it up and burn it — it stank so strong of hellfire . icey spoon amen . preacher the pitcher have go to the well once too often , my friend . close shot - walt script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary walt she will come draggin’ she tail back home . close shot —- preacher preacher she will not be back . | reckon I would be safe in promisin 's you that . close shot - walt walt maybe she 's just run off on a spree . preacher' voice ( o.s. ) no ! walt well , there 's no harm in hopin’ . two - shot — preacher and icey preacher ai not no sense in it , neither . | figure somethin’ like this be brewin ' when she go to bed last night . icey spoon ( all woman ) how ? preacher she tarried around the kitchen after I would go up , and when | go downstairs to see what be wrong ... icey spoon ( eagerly ) what ! preacher she would find this fruit jar of dandelion wine ( icey touch he ) that the husband — harper — have script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary hide somewhere in the cellar . ( play he ace ) she be drink . close shot - icey icey be happy to let she mouth fall open and let out a gasp . close shot - walt sniffle . three - shot — preacher , icey , walt preacher I try to save she . icey spoon I know you do , reverend . oh , | know how you try ! preacher the devil win sometimes ! close shot - preacher preacher ( eye upturn ) can not nobody say | do not do my best to save she ! dissolve to : close underwater shot ( tank ) we pan , with slowly stream weed , and bring in willa in close profile ; the current , come from behind she , drift she long hair across she throat . medium shot - willa and car she be in profile as before — close shot - a bait hook it descend , and catch on the windshield , and the line tauten ; then tug . we start to follow the line up . close shot - above water — the line script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary we continue to follow the line up , and bring in , close , the stern of BEN harper 's skiff . medium shot - uncle birdie he sit back , tug unconcernedly at the line . then he lean over to see what 's wrong . close shot - birdie ..as he peer over side . downshot — full shot of car and willa ; birdie' viewpoint close shot - birdie , horror - stricken moving underwater shot — willa we hear preacher 's voice os. , sing : preacher ( o.s. ) lean ! lean ! safe and secure from all alarm ! meanwhile we move vertically downward toward her face , serene in death . we may or may not glimpse the gash throat , through drift hair . lap dissolve to : ext . harper home — full shot - the house and tree preacher lean against the tree ; he continue sing : preacher lean ! lean ! lean on the everlasting arm ! ( seductively ) Children ! close moving shot —- preacher we start move before he do . low camera ; full figure . we tilt to frame he from the waist downward and follow close behind he . as he leave the tree and walk along the side of the house ; we tilt downward and close in , to follow only he foot ; he step past a tiny cellar window and we pan and script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary tighten in close on tt , into - close two - shot —- JOHN and pearl they nose be flat against the glass ; they cheek touch ; they window be not quite big enough to hold both they head . itis on the ground ; we do not see they chin . they look towards the depart preacher . preacher' voice ( o.s. ) chill - dren ? pearl , who be on the side preacher have leave by , turn she head towards JOHN . int . cellar —- medium close two - shot — JOHN and pearl they be stand on a coal heap , face at window . pearl harper John , why do we have to hide ? JOHN have take charge . he speak very quietly , but calmly and cheerfully , as to a invalid . he start down the rustling coal -heap , help pearl down . JOHN harper careful ... the follow dialogue as they climb down , make as little noise as possible . we pull slowly away . pearl harper where 's Mom ? JOHN harper she 's go to moundsville . pearl harper to see dad ? JOHN harper yes , | reckon that 's it . they have achieve the cellar floor . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher' voice ( more peremptorily outside ) Children ! during the follow dialogue we hear , o.s. , the open of a door , and preacher be footstep indoors as he cross floor , climb stair , and open another door . JOHN harper someone be after we , Pearl . pearl harper | want to go upstairs . it 's cold and spidery down here . I be hungry . JOHN harper now listen to I , Pearl . you and I be runnin’ off tonight . pearl harper why ? JOHN harper if we stay here somethin’ awful will happen to we . pearl harper wo not daddy Powell take care of we ? JOHN harper no , that 's just it . no. full shot —-a room upstair preacher look under the bed . resume cellar two - shot — the child pearl harper where be we goin’ , John ? JOHN harper somewhere . | do not know yet . 0.s. , preacher be footstep come down stair ; JOHN lead pearl carefully past a rake , a hoe , and a shelf - prop and they crouch down into — script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close two - shot — JOHN and pearl .. beside a apple barrel . preacher be footstep cross kitchen os . pearl harper I be hungry , John . JOHN harper we will steal somethin’ to eat . pearl harper it will spoil we supper . preacher' voice ( o.s. ) Pearl ? both look sharp towards cellar door o.s . the cellar door - children' viewpoint the door open ; preacher be head , carry a candle in holder ; a white - wash wall and stair be light . preacher' voice | hear you whisperin’ , child , so | know you be down there . | can feel myself gettin’ awful mad , child . close two - shot - the child pearl harper ( whisper ) John ... JOHN clap he hand over she mouth . cellar door preacher' voice my patience have run out , child . I be comin’ to find you now . he clop-clop nearly to the bottom of the stair . icey be voice cut cheerfully across he descent . icey spoon ( call o.s . ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary yoo-hooooo ! mis-ter paow-welll ! he go up the stair and vanish . Light on wall through open door to kitchen . icey's voice just a little hot supper | fix for you and the child . preacher' voice bless you , bless you ! icey's voice and how be the child ? preacher' voice they be down there playin’ game in the cellar and they will not mind I when I call ‘em . I be at my wit 's end , miz spoon . icey cluck she tongue os . icey's voice ( yell ) John : Pearl : she appear at head of stair . her voice crackle with authority . icey spoon John ! Pearl ! shake a leg ! ( she clap she hand sharply ) full shot - the kitchen — over icey icey spoon ( continue ) | will not have you worryin ' poor mister Powell another minute ! a short pause ; then the child , cover with coal - dust , emerge into the light and climb the stair . JOHN be head be hang in defeat . as they enter the kitchen we pull back . icey spoon just look at you ! Dust and filth from top to toe ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary group shot - the child , over preacher and icey icey spoon want I to take them up and wash them good ? preacher thank you , no . thank you , dear icey . I 'l tend to they . thank you . icey pat JOHN be head . close shot - JOHN icey's voice do not be too hard on them , reverend . poor motherless child . JOHN look to pearl and we pan her in as preacher be hand name love move through she lock . we pan with preacher and icey as they move towards the door . icey spoon remember now mister Powell , do not be afraid to call on we . good night . close shot - JOHN he watch icey leave , os . preacher ( o.s. ) good night miz spoon , and thank you again . full shot —- preacher and icey icey go away along path outside . preacher , he back to we , watch she a moment , then turn . preacher be not you afraid , my little lamb , down there in all that dark ? head close - up — JOHN wonder what to do next . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary lap dissolve to : close shot - birdie , over bess' picture we begin with head close - up of birdie as he rock , and pull back he be rock ; and drunk . a bottle stand beside the picture . he turn and speak to the picture . birdie steptoe they will think it be I ! they will think it be old uncle Birdie ! close shot - birdie —- new angle his hand grip the edge of the chest on either side of the picture , which we now see . birdie steptoe if you would o' see it , bess ! I be drunk as a lord and | know it , but ... insert - bess' picture birdie' voice ( o.s. continue ) sweet Heaven , if you would o' see it ! resume previous shot birdie pick up the bottle . his hand and the liquor tremble . birdie steptoe ( continue ) down there in the deep place ... she hair wavin ' lazy and soft like meadow grass under flood water and that slit in she throat just like she have a extry mouth . insert bess' picture birdie' voice ( o.s . ) and there be not mortal human | can tell but you ... resume previous shot birdie steptoe script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( continue ) .. bess , for if 1 go to the Law they will hang it on to I . the bottle fall from he hand onto its side on the edge of the chest . close shot - birdie —- new angle the reverse angle of the open shot . birdie rock heavily ; liquor gurgle from bottle to floor . birdie steptoe sweet Heaven save poor old uncle Birdie ! lap dissolve to : medium three - shot — preacher , JOHN , pearl preacher sit at head of table . JOHN stand to preacher be right , around corner of table ; he remain expressionless and immobile , until he speak . pearl stand to john' right , hugging the doll . the table be load with good food . preacher , well - feed and at leisure , dab he mouth delicately with he napkin , fold it , put it in a ring , and fold he hand . he wait . pearl harper ( at last ) I be hungry . preacher why , sure . and there 's fry chicken and candy sweet and cornstick and apple cobbler ! pearl harper can | have my supper please ? preacher naturally . pearl harper can | have milk too ? preacher yes . but first of all we will have a script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary little talk . pearl frown and put she finger in she mouth ; she remember he twisted she arm . preacher ( softly ) about we secret . pearl harper no . preacher why , pray tell ? pearl harper because John say | must not . three -shot reverse — preacher , over neck of child he slap the table ; he eye crackle . preacher never - mind - what —- JOHN - say ! pearl start to snivel . preacher John be a meddler . stop sniveling . looky here a minute ! he bring out the knife . preacher know what this be ? pearl shake she head for no . preacher want to see something cute ? looky now ! he touch the spring ; the blade flick open . preacher how about that ! this be what | use on meddler . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he lay the open knife on the table . preacher John might be a meddler . three -shot — the child , over preacher pearl think the knife be a toy and cross behind JOHN to pick it up . preacher no — no , my lamb . do not touch it ! now do not touch my knife ! that make I mad . very , very mad . she hug the doll and he put the hand name love on she curl . preacher just tell I now ; where 's the money hide ? pearl harper ( affectionately ) but | swore . | promise John | would not tell . close shot - preacher preacher JOHN - doesn 't - matter ! can not | get that through you head , you poor , silly , disgusting little wretch ! head close - up — pearl her mouth quiver ; a large tear brim in she eye . close shot - preacher preacher there now ! you make I lose my temper ! three -shot — child , over preacher preacher I be sorry ! I be real sorry ! pearl sniffles and wipe she eye with she free fist . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher ( in a caress tone ) now ! where 's it hide , honey ? JOHN harper ( suddenly and lightly ) I will tell . three -shot — preacher , over nape of child preacher ( lightly ) | think I tell you to keep you mouth shut — JOHN harper ( light and quick ) no , - it be not fair to make Pearl tell when she swore she would not . I 'l tell . preacher' eye crinkle and he turn to pearl , smile brightly . preacher ( chuckle ) well | declare ! sometimes | think poor John will make it to heaven yet ! his eye snap back to JOHN and he voice be like a whip . preacher all right boy : where 's the money ? head close - up — JOHN JOHN harper in the cellar . buried under a stone in the floor . three - shot — preacher over child he close and pocket the knife . his eye never leave JOHN be . preacher it will go hard , boy , if | find you be lyin’ . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary three -shot — preacher over child pearl gape up at JOHN as he speak . JOHN harper | be not lyin’ . go look for yourself . close shot - preacher ..as he get up , cellar door in background . preacher all right ... ( he turn towards the door ; then glance around ) come along . head close - up — JOHN JOHN harper what ? three -shot — preacher , over child preacher go ahead of I - the both of you . they cross he , towards the door . full shot —- the cellar step — from the bottom the child precede preacher , who carry a candle in holder . pearl be gape at JOHN be lie . JOHN be look leave and right , case the joint . preacher ( continue ) you do not reckon I would leave you . JOHN harper ( with force lightness ) do not you believe I ? preacher ( sardonically ) why sure , boy , sure . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary now they be at bottom of stair . JOHN see pearl be expression and take she hand . preacher now where , boy ? mind ; no trick . | can not abide liar . JOHN harper yonder . he squeeze pearl be hand harder , and point . full shot - new angle - over the three JOHN point out a place beneath a shelf laden with mason jar ; it be at the most distant part of the cellar from the stair . preacher start toward it , leave they at foot of stair , then turn , catch JOHN be ruse . preacher ( sardonic ) Ono you do not ! he shepherd they ahead of he . three - shot — new angle they arrive beneath the shelf . preacher now : where ? JOHN harper ( lie magnificently , meeting preacher 's eye ) under the stone in the floor . preacher set the candle on a barrel near the shelf - prop and sink to he knee below shot as pearl gape at JOHN and JOHN look stony . she seem about to speak . flash insert - JOHN squeezy pearle hand hard close shot - preacher , featuring floor his hand sweep dust and expose concrete . he straighten on script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he knee and turn to the child in close background . head close - up —- preacher ..as he turn . preacher this be concrete . close two - shot - the child amoment 's silence . pearl harper John make a Sin . John tell a lie . three -shot — favoring preacher preacher get slowly to he foot and put on he " listen " look . his sincerity be beyond doubt . preacher the Lord 's a- talkin ' to I now . he 's a-sayin’ , " a liar be a abomination before mine eye . " he take he knife out , and spring it open . close two - shot - favoring JOHN preacher speak , boy : where 's it hide ? ( the knife prick the flesh under John 's ear ) speak ; before | cut you throat and leave you to drip like a hog hang up in butcherin’ time ! close shot - pearl she start to sob . close two - shot - JOHN and preacher JOHN harper Pearl , shut up ! Pearl , you swore ! preacher script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you could save he , little bird . head close - up — pearl pearl harper ( cry ) Inside my doll ! Inside my doll ! two - shot — JOHN and preacher , favoring preacher preacher be astound . his hand fall away from JOHN . he lean back against the wall and talk through laughter . preacher in the doll ! why sure ! sure ! head close - up — JOHN his eye be all over the place . preacher' voice ( o.s . ) the last place anyone would look ! three - shot — preacher , JOHN , pearl preacher make a lunge across JOHN for the doll ; JOHN ducking under he arm , pull pearl forward with he leave hand ; he turn backwards and with he free hand , in one movement , knock over the candle and pull out the support on the shelf . close shot —- preacher jar shower over he ; one crown he and break , shed guck , which he wipe from he eye . two - shot - the child they start up the stair . full shot —- preacher he make one step forward , step on a roll jar , and fall . two - shot - the child they be near the top of the stair . we hear preacher below they . JOHN slip and they nearly fall backward . as JOHN recover , preacher enter the shot , he back to we . the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary child get through the open door as preacher reach top . JOHN slam the door , catch preacher be hand . preacher scream . JOHN be astonished eye peer through the crack in the door ; the door loosen ; preacher yank he hand loose and suck it , groan ; the door slam to ; the bolt be shot home . head close - up —- preacher .. over sound of slamm bolt . he snarl like the Big bad Wolf . all the above happen at once . int . kitchen — close two - shot — JOHN and pearl , by door pearl , dangle she doll , cry . JOHN panting , lean against wall by door . JOHN be wonder what to do now . pause . preacher' voice ( o.s. , sweetly ) chill -dren ? ( continue ) the only reason | want that money be so 's you could have it . JOHN harper ( to himself ; panting ) the river . that 's the only where ! uncle Birdie steptoe ! preacher' voice ( coo ) puhr-urrl ? want you mommy back ? ( Pearl hug she doll ) want I to get she right now ? pearl harper ( sharply ) John ? JOHN harper hush , Pearl . come on . they fly out of the house . preacher' voice ( bellow , as they go ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary OPEN that door , you spawn of the devil' own strumpet ! framing shot — ext . the harper house a pretty , pastoral shot of the house in light mist , as they run across and leave the shot . before they disappear , we hear preacher be fist hammer against the door . we stay on the house at leisure ; we hear he lung , shoulder to door ; we begin to hear squeaking of hinge and splintering of wood . full circle shot - framing birdie' wharf -boat a ultra romantic image of shelter and peace . frog or river noise o.s. , then the rattle of run footstep . the child center , they back to we , sprinting towards the boat . Light mist as in previous shot . JOHN harper ( call ) uncle Birdie ! uncle Birdie ! int . birdie be boat - group shot - birdie and child we shoot over bess' turn photograph and over birdie , close , pass out in he rocker . the child run through open door in background and JOHN run up to birdie . JOHN harper uncle Birdie ! close shot - birdie birdie steptoe ( gesture feebly ) do not ! close two - shot -— new angle - birdie , over JOHN JOHN harper hide we uncle Birdie ! he 's a-comin ' with he knife ! he grab birdie be shoulder ; birdie half -rise , and fall face down on floor . close two - shot - birdie on floor , over JOHN JOHN harper script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary it 's I ! John harper and Pearl ! you say to come a-runnin ' if we need you ! birdie rear on one elbow and look up at he . birdie steptoe ( in friendly recognition ) johnny ! he fall face down again . close two - shot - new angle - favoring JOHN JOHN grab birdie by one ear , turn he face up . JOHN harper uncle - Birdie ! oh - please ! please wake up ! close two - shot - favoring birdie he look up earnestly at JOHN . birdie steptoe inever do it , boy . sweet Heaven | never do such a terrible thing ! I 'l swear on the Book to it , boy ! | never do it ! | never ! close shot - JOHN he be lose ; and he become a man . birdie' voice ( o.s. ) Lord save poor old uncle Birdie steptoe that never hurt a fly ! ( he snore , softly ) JOHN harper ( quiet ) there 's still the river . — the skiff be down by the willow . he masterfully take pearl by the hand and lead she into the night . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary long shot - the child we shoot from the river . they struggle through the sumac and pokeberry weed at edge of river , towards skiff , whose prow , tethere to willow , we see throughout this un - move shot , at we extreme right . when they come opposite skiff —- which be a few yard out from shore — we CUT to : two - shot — the child pearl , frankly bored , dangle she doll , be yawn . JOHN , as he finish undoing rope from a willow root , look up and around , check on pursuit . his eye fix . full shot —- preacher' shadow on the bank above , it be huge in the mist . same camera position as forego ; new angle . two - shot — the child back view : skiff in background . same camera position ; new angle . JOHN harper ( whisper ) please be quiet — oh please , Pearl ! pearl harper ( natural voice ) John , where be we g - JOHN harper hush . full shot - shadow , then preacher same position and angle as before . preacher be own figure advance to supplant he shadow . he peer downward , he open knife catch the light . preacher ( businesslike ) Children ? he start slashing he way down through the brush -flth . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary full shot - the child same camera position as before . they be floundering through mud , half - way to the skiff . full shot - preacher same position and angle as in previous shot of he . he be half - way down the bank . with he knife , he hack at a entangle vine . full shot - the child position and angle as before . they reach the skiff . hack sound o.s . JOHN harper get in the skiff , Pearl , goodness , goodness , hurry ! pearl harper ( hesitant ) that 's daddy ! he pick she up and throw she into the skiff . close shot - pearl and doll .. as they land , sprawling , in bottom of skiff among fish - head and bait can . JOHN get in after they . full shot — preacher - children' viewpoint he tear free of brush to edge of river , knife glitter . close shot — JOHN with he oar , he try to push the boat free of mud . full shot — preacher - children' viewpoint he wade towards they , knee - deep in mud . close shot — JOHN he be shove at the oar even more desperately . insert — john' hand script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary strain . full shot - preacher - children' viewpoint he flounder deeper and more heavily through the mud ; much closer . close shot - JOHN he push the boat free of mud . close shot - preacher — children' viewpoint he hurry much closer through shallow water . prow of boat in foreground . preacher wait , you little whelp ! wait ! another step forward and he do a pratt-falland make a splash . close shot — JOHN — pearl in background he be try to feather the boat out to where the current will catch it . in panic and haste he be clumsy . JOHN harper why can not I do it when | know how to do it ! full shot - preacher .. as he get up , at edge of mud . preacher wait ! wait ! I will slit you gut ! full down -shot —- the skiff , then preacher the current catch it and spin it round like a leaf . JOHN be effort with the oar be useless . preacher enter , wading fast . his hand be within a inch of reach the helpless skiff ; capriciously the current take it downstream . two - shot — JOHN and pearl the skiff be take steadily by the current . pearl sit up , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary doll in arm . JOHN be almost asleep with exhaustion . full shot - the skiff , over preacher it be well away from he and get smaller . waist -deep , he wade a couple of step after it , then just look . head close - up —- preacher he begin a steady , rhythmical , animal scream of outrage and loss . long shot - the river and landscape , featuring starlight ; and the drifting boat — pearl in stern two - shot — the child — front on JOHN be asleep . pearl sit sleepily whisper to she doll . pearl harper once upon a time there be a pretty fly , and he have a wife , this pretty fly ... medium long shot - the drifting boat through fireflies pearle voice ( o.s. ) .. and one day she fly away , and then one night he two pretty fly child ... special shot — the moving skiff , through dew - jeweled spider - web pearle voice ( o.s. , continue ) .. fly away too , into the sky , into the moon ... special shot — a frog , and skiff a big frog be profile ; the skiff drift by in distance ; the frog twang out a bass -note . dissolve to : insert - a picture postcard - a county courthouse script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary as the card be turn to the handwritten side we CUT to : close two - shot - walt and icey walt ( read aloud ) dear Walt and icey : | bet you be worried and give we up for lose . take the kid down here with I for a visit to my sister elsie 's farm . thot a little change of scenery would do we all a world of good after so much trubble and heartache . at least the kid will git a plenty of good home cooking . you devote Harry Powell icey spoon now be not you relieved , Walt ? walt sure , but you be worried too , mother ; takin 's off with never a word of goodbye . | even get to figurin ' they gypsy bust in and do off with all three of them . icey spoon you and you gypsy ! they be go a week ! walt not before one of them knife a farmer and steal he horse . never catch the gypsy nor the horse . lap dissolve to : descending helicopter shot - the river — day aman be go along a river lane on horseback . it be preacher ; he walk the horse away from we . dissolve to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary descending helicopter shot - another bend of the river we descend to a poor riverside farmhouse ; JOHN and pearl tether a boat in front of it . group shot ( from ground ) three homeless child , over JOHN and pearl they be eat hot boil potato . a glance at JOHN and pearl , and they turn away towards lane in background . JOHN and pearl proceed towards the house . medium shot - JOHN , pearl , woman , through door we shoot from within open door of kitchen . JOHN and pearl advance to edge of porch . a tire farm woman stand by door , within . we shoot over she . tire farm woman hungry , I s'pose . well , I will see if there 's any more potato to spare . where 's you folk ? JOHN harper ai not get none . woman leave shot briefly ( we hold on child ) she re-enter and go to they with a bowl of steaming potato . they take hand - ful , and make to eat . tire farm woman go ' way ; go ' way . they turn away and walk towards boat . she look after they . tire farm woman such time , when youngin run the road ! she leave the shot . we frame they briefly , walk away , then ; dissolve to : close shot - a placard - night it be light by firelight . it read : peach -picker wanted weekly hire script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher' voice ( o.s . ) a ungrateful child be a abomination ... lap dissolve to : group shot - preacher and men preacher stand behind the flame ; in foreground a old man sit profile on a box . other worker , all man , sit around fire . preacher ( continue ) .. before the eye of God . the world be fast go to damnation because of impudent youngin a- flyin ' in the face of Age . short silence , as the other man look at preacher without like . then the old man spit into the fire . close shot -— the flame a spurt of steam as spit strike . close shot - a hoot owl hoot . lap dissolve to : close shot - a turtle - noonday he come down to water . john' voice ( o.s . ) they make soup out of they ... long shot — the child in passing skiff full landscape in background . JOHN harper ( continue ) .. but | would not know how to go script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary about gettin’ he open . lap dissolve to : long shot — child and skiff , over rabbit in grass we shoot over two sit rabbit as they watch , they ear up . the skiff pass . pearl play with doll JOHN unsnarl lap dissolve to : full shot - the child and skiff , framed by willow — twilight the skiff pass . baa- of sheep os . moving shot - from river - a sheep the sheep bleat . we pan in a big barn near the river , then a light house ; willow along shore . full shot - the skiff - from the bank JOHN re-set he oar . they angle towards we for the shore . JOHN harper we be gonna spend a night on land . up - shot - the child , over the moored skiff .. they reach top of the bank . corner of barn and light window in background . sound of mouth -organ and girl sing os . full shot - a lighted window , the shade drawn awire bird - cage hang close to the shade , silhouett . on the perch , a canary . lullaby and mouth-organ continue o. s. after a moment the child enter , back to we , and stop , look . close two - shot - the child window - 4ight on face , song over . a moment . pearl harper be we goin ' home , John ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary JOHN harper ssh ... he turn , she hand in he . we pan as they tiptoe towards the big , open door of barn ; big open hayloft window above . int . room — low tracking shot - the child as they walk down aisle of barn we shoot they past belly and leg of row of cow . sound of munch and soft low o.s . JOHN help pearl up a little ladder to the hayloft . medium shot - the child , window — twilight ..as the child bed down in hay , only leg visible , protrude into frame of window , which frame a middle - distant white lane beyond house , and a landscape . whippoorwill o.s. a darkening of light . lap dissolve to : same set - up the full moon be half -risen . whippoorwill o.s . lap dissolve to : same set - up the moon be well above the horizon . whippoorwill o.s . lap dissolve to : same set -up the moon be still higher . a pause ; the whippoorwill stop in mid-phrase . brief pause ; then John sit up into silhouette . close shot - JOHN he listen intently . we hear nothing . his eye alter . we hear , distantly preacher' voice ( 0.s. , sing ) lean , lean ... at various distance o.s. , we hear dog bark at the sound of the sing . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher' voice ( continue ; louder ) .. safe and secure from all alarm ; the dog from the farm rush bray to he gate . other dog continue 0.s. preacher appear , astride he walk horse , sing . preacher lean ... close shot - JOHN watch ; dread and despair . sound go . preacher ( o.s. ) lean ; lean on the everlasting arm . full shot - preacher he approach and cross center screen , continue the hymn . ( we do not pan with he ; he cross the frame of the great window . ) close shot - JOHN eye follow preacher . preacher and dog continue o.s. JOHN harper ( to himself ) do not you never sleep ? full shot - preacher he vanish beyond tree , he sing more distant . dog continue . close shot - JOHN and pearl —- new angle he wake she . preacher be sing o.s. JOHN harper ( scared whisper ) Pearl , wake up ! come on , Pearl ! full shot - preacher script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he vanish ; scuttling of child in hay , 0.s. ; dog quiet ; he song die . brief silence . the whippoorwill resume . medium long shot - the child , near barn Hand in hand , they hurry out of barn and , as we pan , along its side , towards River , 0.s. whippoorwill o.s . full shot - a bright full moon the whippoorwill 's sing continue o.s. full shot - child and skiff JOHN steer through turbulent , moonlit water . whippoorwill continue . low moon . close shot - a fox , barking close down - shot - child asleep in skiff ( tank ) blank , calm water ; the skiff enter and pass full length below we , the child asleep in it ; blank water again ; again the fox bark . medium shot - the skiff , drifting shot through riverside grass cricket o.s . the skiff near a sand - bar . insert - the prow , grounding the prow softly grate against sand . medium shot - the ground skiff , again through grass cricket fainter . tilting upward . lap dissolve to : full shot — the starlit sky lap dissolve to : full shot — river landscape — sunrise distant ; medium ; the near ; rooster crow os . close shot - JOHN waking script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he look to pearl os . full shot — pearl , then rachel , over JOHN pearl be pick daisy . a fence up beyond she . Beyond the fence , a woman , rachel cooper , appear . she carry a berry - basket on she arm . JOHN scramble up , grab a oar , and hold it defensively . pearl freeze . rachel cooper ( loud ) you two youngster get up here to I this instant ! two - shot — JOHN and pearl - rachel's angle rachel cooper ( o.s. ) mind I now ! JOHN lower the oar at the female authority in she voice . rachel cooper ( o.s. ) now git on up to my house . they hesitate . three - shot — over JOHN rachel cooper I will git I a willow switch . they still hesitate . she break off a switch and come for they , squishing through the mud . she surround they and drive they like geese up the bank . low full shot - the three , from side they move across the meadow like a nursery frieze . she tweak with she switch . as she go near pearl be calve , JOHN turn . JOHN harper do not you hurt she ! rachel cooper hurt she nothin 's ! wash she 's more like it ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( hand to mouth , yell ) Ruby ! full shot - a tomato patch Three crouching figure pick tomato beyond a low white fence ; Rachel 's house in background . ruby , thirteen , pop she head up like a rifle-target . rachel cooper ( o.s. ) clary ! clary , eleven , pop up . rachel cooper ( o.s. ) Mary ! Mary , four , pop up . the girl ( in chorus ) yes miz Cooper ! group shot -— rachel and harper , moving toward fence she have JOHN and pearl by they nape . rachel cooper bring yer basket . the three girl enter , they back to we , carry basket of tomato . group shot - the girl , over rachel and harper child she hold JOHN and pearl very firmly , inspect basket , across gate of fence . rachel cooper nicely pick , clary . Mary ; put the big one on top . Ruby , most o' they be not fit to go to market . put they basket down . Ruby , fetch the washtub and put it by the pump . Mary , clary , fetch I a bar o' laundry soap and the scrub brush . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary girl ( in chorus ) yes miz Cooper ! they hurry off . rachel cooper come on , now ; up to the house . she open the gate , push the harper child through , shut the gate , and walk between they , she back to we . the child hesitate . she turn to they and stop . three -shot — the child , over rachel she look they up and down . if we see she face , she lip would be purse and work with anger . rachel cooper gracious ! if you hai not a sight to beat all ! where you from ? no answer ; they eye be wide with curiosity . rachel cooper where 's you folk ? close shot - JOHN rachel cooper ( o.s. ) speak up now ! his eye go down to she foot . he , and we , start to examine she from foot to head ; for this be we heroine at last . close tilting shot —- rachel .. from JOHN be eye-level . we tilt slowly up she height . she wear man 's shoe , heavy with mud ; a rough skirt ; a shapeless sweater hang over she shoulder ; she be in she middle sixty and wear a man 's old hat . her face say : rachel cooper ( sort of roughly ) gracious ! so I have get two more mouth to feed ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot — JOHN for no reason at all he feel he have come home . lap dissolve to : group shot - JOHN , pearl , rachel , ruby , during washing rachel mercilessly scrub JOHN ; JOHN do not like it ; ruby wash pearl with a cloth . close shot — JOHN hating the scrubbing . he break away . full shot — JOHN and rachel JOHN dodge behind a bush , rachel in hot pursuit . close shot -— the BUSH ; rachel rachel be head bob up and down above the bush ; we hear the unmistakable sound of a female hand ona child 's bottom . lap dissolve to : full shot — a shelf , full of market basket , neatly cover with damp muslin lap dissolve to : full shot - the carried basket , in motion ext . moundsville STREET — tracking shot — rachel and her brood all carry basket . rachel charge along at the head of the procession . a cattle dealer stroll the other way . cattle dealer howdy miz Cooper — you goin 's to sell I yer hog this year ? rachel do not stop walk . rachel cooper with the price o' pork what it be ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close tracking shot - rachel she keep walk . rachel cooper ( talk to herself ) I be butcherin ' my hog myself , smokin 's the ham , and cannin ' the sausage . ( she call to child over she shoulder ) you - all have you work cut out ! close tracking two - shot — JOHN and clary in mid - procession JOHN harper she talk to herself . clary all the time . JOHN harper you maw 's funny . clary she be not we maw . we just live at she house . they walk in silence . JOHN harper where 's you folk ? clary some place . mary my daddy 's in dee-troit . JOHN harper ( to Ruby ) who 's you folk ? ruby I dunno . full shot - the STREET script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary a waitress , wear a apron label empire eat , hurry across the street towards the group . we pan she in to mary . the procession halt briefly . she embrace mary . waitress Mary ! honey ! mornin 's miz cooper. ( to Mary ) guess what ! I be savin 's up to buy ye a charm bracelet ! close shot - rachel rachel cooper never mind the gewgaw ; do not you miss you visit this Sunday ; and come to Church with we . full STREET shot the waitress hurry away . she dodge past a car . waitress see ye Sunday , love ! close shot - rachel she follow waitress , then lover in car , with she eye . full STREET shot the car center , hold up in traffic ; two lover in it , sit close . close shot - rachel she take in the lover . rachel cooper woman be durn fool ! all of ‘em ! she sigh , angry at all woman , herself include , and turn away . we be at the door of a grocery store . the grocer be on he doorstep . full shot - group and grocery rachel cooper ( to child ) take yer basket in . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the child file in past she and grocer . rachel cooper ( to grocer ) looky there . ( she indicate the lover ) she will be losin 's she mind to a tricky mouth and a full moon , and like as not I will be saddle with the consequence . she start into store with the grocer . int . store - group shot - rachel , grocer , child rachel and grocer come up to counter . rachel cooper ( continue ; she take a list from she bosom and give it to grocer ) here 's what you owe I . ( she count basket ) one , two , three , four , five ... where 's the other basket ? where 's Ruby ? clary she go . rachel cooper John : you go fetch Ruby . ( John go . as grocer empty basket and tot up , Rachel continue : ) Big Ruby 's my problem girl . she can not gather egg without bustin’ them ; but Ruby 's get mother hand with a youngin , so what be you to say ? ext . drug store — full shot —- ruby she stand with she market - basket , reacting to wolf whistle o.s. ; she be seek the world . three -shot — ruby , over two young loafer script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 1st loafer how ' bout tonight , Ruby ? ruby gesture rachel be nearness . 2nd loafer ( to 1st ) what give ? 1st loafer the Old Lady 's around . ( to Ruby ) how ' bout Thursday ? ruby nod . 1st loafer ( to 2nd ) the old gal think she come in fer sewin ' lesson o' - Thursday . full shot — ruby ; JOHN in background JOHN harper ( call ) miz Cooper want you . he turn and go ; ruby , with a eye to 1st loafer , turn and follow . int . grocery store - group shot - centering rachel grocer ( to Pearl ) and will you show I you dolly , little lady ? JOHN have enter in background . pearl hold the doll to she , and JOHN move in quietly to she side . they stand together , as so often before . grocer see ye get two more peep to you brood . rachel cooper yeah , and ornerier than the rest . grocer script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary how 's you own boy , miz Cooper ? rachel cooper ai not hear from Ralph since last Christmas . do not matter — I have get a new crop . ( she laugh . loudly ) I be a strong tree with branch for many bird . I be good for something in this old world and | know it , too ! we know that she will rout the Devil . grocer ( a good tradesman ) get a good buy in soap , miz Cooper . rachel cooper ( triumphant ) do not need no soap . I be boilin ' down the fat from my hog . dissolve to : int . rachel's screened porch - evening —- group shot - rachel , girl , JOHN aside centering rachel as she take a book from table , and the girl move to set at she seat , and JOHN stand to one side . rachel glance at he . close shot - JOHN he look suspiciously to the Book in she hand , for to he it have come to mean only preacher . insert — the bible .. as she open it on she lap o.s. we hear a screen door open . group shot - rachel , child , JOHN inbackground we see the door close as JOHN go out . the girl sit on low stool in semi-circle at rachel be foot . we CENTER rachel . rachel , keenly aware of JOHN , pretend to ignore he . JOHN cross behind she and stand with he back to we . we see the back of he head through the screen . rachel , change she mind about what story to tell , find the new page she 's script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary after , and spread she hand flat on the page . she never glance at the text . she be fishing for JOHN . rachel cooper now old pharoah , he be the King of egyptland ! and he have a daughter , and once upon a time ( louder ) she be walkin’ along the river bank and she see somethin’ bumpin’ and scrapin ' along down ona sandbar under the willow . close shot - the back of john' head , immobile rachel cooper ( o.s . ) and do you know what it be , child ? resume group shot ruby , clary , mary ( excited ) no ! pearl harper no ! rachel cooper ( still loud ) well , now , it be a skiff , wash up on the bar . and who do you reckon be in it ? ruby ( confidently ) Pearl and John ! rachel cooper ( still loud ) not this time ! it be just one youngin — a little boy babe . and do you know who he be , child ? close shot - john' head ..as he turn around . ruby , mary , clary , pearl script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( o.s. in unison ) no ! resume group shot rachel close the Bible ; she know the Lord 's battle be win . as she continue , she put aside the book and take up she mend . rachel cooper ( very quietly ) itwas mose ! — a King of man , mose , child . now . off to bed . hurry . on " off to bed , " JOHN turn he back again . close shot — rachel ; JOHN in background she mend for a few moment . rachel cooper ( commandingly ) John , git I a apple . JOHN cross behind she and off , towards door . we hear it open and close . rachel cooper git one for yourself , too . medium shot - JOHN he approach with two apple . we pan he into a : two - shot — JOHN and rachel he give she a apple . she immediately take a bite . he do not bite he . she look up at he from she apple . rachel cooper ( suddenly ) John , where 's you folk ? JOHN harper ( plainly ) Dead . rachel cooper Dead . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( she nod with finality ) JOHN start to eat he apple . rachel cooper where ye from ? JOHN harper up river . rachel cooper | do not figger ye row that skiff from parkersburg ! JOHN make a move ; he slowly and tenderly reach out he hand and lay he finger on she knuckle . JOHN harper tell I that story again . we heroine would like to thank the Lord openly , but she know she must not show she feeling ; she speak gruffly — rachel cooper Story , honey ? why , what story ? JOHN harper about they king . that the Queen find down on the sandbar in the skiff that time . rachel cooper king ! why , honey , there be only one . JOHN harper imind you say there be two . rachel cooper well , shoot ! maybe there be ! close shot - rachel maybe we see — though JOHN do not — the thanksgive in she eye . rachel cooper yes , come to think of it , there be two , John . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary os. , in distance , we hear the whistle of a river boat . dissolve to : ext . moundsville STREET — evening —- moving shot - ruby her head and shoulder from behind as she walk down the neon-light street ; drugstore and loafer in b.g , ; jazz music os . full shot - ruby , over drugstore loafer we two loafer lounge on a bench . ruby approach . 2 nd loafer ( to 1st ) hey. must be Thursday . 1st loafer here we go . he get up and start towards ruby , who catch he eye . ruby , from behind she turn to a magazine stand and finger a magazine , await loafer , who approach in background . insert — ruby's hand ; magazine they be lurid , tawdry fan and pin- up magazine . preacher enter , between ruby and loafer , and turn to ruby into close two - shot . loafer pause in background . preacher you be Ruby , be not you , my child ? ruby can | have this ? preacher surely . I would like to talk to you , my dear . ruby will you buy I a choclit sody ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher o ' course . loafer watch out preacher ! why , preacher ! preacher ( sternly ) shet yer dirty mouth ! close shot - ruby she look up at he admiringly ; then to loafer ; back to preacher . lap dissolve to : int . drugstore — close two - shot —- preacher and ruby ruby be finish she soda . ruby ai not | purty ? this be a familiar clue to preacher . preacher why , you be the purtiest girl I have see in all my wander . do not nobody never tell you that , Ruby ? ruby ( hoarsely ) no . no one never do . preacher ( move in ) there 's two new one over at you place , be not there Ruby ? she nod . preacher what 's they name ? ruby Pearl and John . preacher script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ahhh. ( whisper ) and be there — a doll ? ruby ( nod ) only she will not never let I play with it . preacher ahh ! he get up and head for door . ruby , dismay , hurry after he . preacher ( firmly ) yes ! he stride through door , ruby follow . three - shot - preacher and ruby on sidewalk , 2nd loafer in b.g. 1st loafer have gone preacher come out fast , ruby touch he arm , he turn on she . they be in close two - shot . ruby go on tiptoe . preacher incline he ear . close shot - ruby ruby do you ever see such purty eye in all you bear day ? close shot - preacher insert —- preacher' hand it slide into he knife pocket . we hear a click . 2 nd loafer ( o.s . ) do not let he git away , sugar ! three - shot —- preacher and ruby , loafer in b.g. ruby he be not like you - all ! next time | will not even ask he to buy I a sody ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she turn to preacher , but preacher , on " next time , " have leave the shot . close shot —- ruby she look after he , clasp the magazine under she chin . full shot —- preacher her hero stride away into darkness . close shot —- ruby gazing after he . ruby | be bad ! dissolve to : close down -shot —- the magazine , OPEN , in rachel be lap we pull up and away into : two - shot - rachel , seated ; ruby stand beside her rachel cooper Ruby , you do not have no money to buy this . ruby you will whip I ! rachel cooper when do | ever ? ruby this man down at the drugstore ... rachel cooper the drugstore ? ruby miz Cooper . | never go to sewin ' lesson all they time . rachel cooper what you be up to ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ruby | be out with man . ruby collapse face down over rachel be lap and sob , as we track in close . rachel cooper dear God , child ! now rachel also weep . she bend low over ruby , stroking she hair . rachel cooper you be lookin’ for love , Ruby , the only foolish way you know how . ( she lift Ruby 's face cheek to cheek beside she own ) we all need love . Ruby , | lose the love of my son - I have find it with you - all . they weep together . rachel cooper you must grow up to be a fine , full woman ; and I be goin ' to see to it you do . she start make up ruby be hair like that of a young woman . ruby this gentleman war not like they ! he just give I a sody and the book . rachel cooper now who be this ? ruby he never ask I for nothin’ . rachel cooper he must have want somethin’ , Ruby . aman do not waste time ona girl unless he get something . ruby shake she head . rachel cooper script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary what would you all talk about ? ruby Pearl and John . rachel cooper John and pear !! ruby nod . rachel cooper be he they pap ? ruby shrug . rachel cooper why have not he be to the house ? dissolve to : full shot - preacher on horse on road full figure shot — ruby see preacher , she drop two egg . ruby ( shouting ) miz Cooper ! rachel cooper ( o.s. from within house ) what ? ruby the man ! the man ! tracking shot - preacher he tether he horse and , as we pan and track on behind he , walk to the bottom of the step ; ruby move into side of shot : beyond preacher , rachel stand behind she screen door , hand fold under apron . preacher mornin’ , lady . full figure shot — rachel , behind screen script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary rachel cooper howdo . full figure shot - preacher rachel's viewpoint , through screen . full figure shot - rachel , behind screen preacher you be miz Cooper , | take it . rachel cooper ( come through door ) it 's about that John and that Pearl ? three - shot — preacher , rachel , ruby in background preacher be face twitches with emotion . he break out into great thankful sob . he fall to he knee . preacher my little lamb ! to think | never hope to see they again in this world ! oh , dear madan , if you be to know what a thorny crown | have borne in my search for this stray chick ! close shot - rachel she take he in . he do not take she in . three - shot — as before rachel cooper Ruby , go fetch they kid . ruby mince off around the side of the house . close shot —- preacher — rachel's angle he wipe off tear with the heel of he leave hand , watch she . preacher ah , dear madam , | see you be look at my hand ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary close shot - rachel she be . close shot — preacher - as before he hold up the right hand . preacher shall | tell ye the little story of right -hand -left -hand — the tale of good and evil ? close shot - rachel preacher ( o.s . ) it be with this leave hand that old brother cain strike the blow that laid he brother low — rachel cooper ( want to know ) they kid be yours ? close shot - preacher preacher ( recover from the interruption ) my flesh and blood ! close shot - rachel rachel cooper where 's you missus ? two - shot — profiling rachel and preacher preacher get to he foot . preacher she run off with a drummer one night . durin ' prayer-meetin’ . rachel cooper where 's she at ? preacher script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary somewhere down river ! parkersburg , mebbe ! — Cincinnati ! - one of they sodom on the Ohio River . rachel cooper she take they kid with she ? preacher Heaven only know what unholy sight and sound that innocent little babe have hear in the dens of perdition where she drag they ! close shot - rachel rachel cooper right funny , hai not it , how they row all the way up river ina ten - foot john -boat ! close shot - preacher .. fecover , and by-pass it . preacher be they well ? he turn he head . full shot — rachel and preacher , from side all the child enter , around corner of house . as they move in , rachel reply : rachel cooper a sight better than they be . by now JOHN be on the top step beside rachel . one of he hand hold on to she skirt , as if he be pull she towards he . his eye never leave hers . all the child freeze , pearl be on ground , just beyond JOHN . other in background ; ruby as near preacher as she can get . preacher gracious , gracious ! you be a good woman , miz Cooper ! rachel cooper how you figgerin ' to raise they two script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary without a woman ? preacher the Lord will provide . pearl , with a wail of happiness , drop the doll on the step and run to preacher , who pick she up . JOHN instantly pick up the doll and hold it to he . he look up at rachel . close two - shot —- JOHN and rachel JOHN look deep into rachel be eye . preacher ( o.s . ) the Lord be merciful ! what a day be this ! — and there 's little John ! rachel cooper what 's wrong , John ? JOHN harper nothin’ . ( he smile ) preacher ( o.s. ) come to I , boy ! rachel cooper what 's wrong , John ? two - shot — preacher and pearl preacher do not you hear I , boy ? two - shot — JOHN and rachel rachel bend a little over he . she want the situation clarify . rachel cooper John , when you dad say ' come 's , you should mind he . JOHN harper he be not my dad . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary head close - up — rachel she take this in ; JOHN have sell she . she look to preacher os . rachel cooper he be not no preacher neither . I have see preacher in my time , a ' some of them be saint on earth . a few be crookeder and a dog 's hind leg , but this 'un 's get them all beat for badness . she start to turn . group shot she walk purposefully into the house . preacher lunge for JOHN and the doll . close two - shot —- preacher and JOHN JOHN duck under the porch and preacher try to follow he . he can not get under . o.s. we hear the slam of the screen door . preacher be head come up to see and we tilt up , shoot over the back of he head . rachel stand there , full figure , with a pump -gun . rachel cooper just march yourself yonder to you horse , mister . back of preacher be head be still immobile . rachel cooper March , mister ! I be not foolin’ . close shot - preacher , over gun -barrel preacher get to he foot . the open knife be in he hand . as we see it , the gun-barrel twitches . preacher back away towards he horse , bounce the knife lightly in he hand . preacher ( scream ) you be not do with Harry Powell yet ! the Lord God jehovah will guide my hand in vengeance ! you devil ! you whore of Babylon ! I will come script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary back when it 's dark ! as he mount he horse we dissolve to : full shot — rachel be house - night itis dark . o.s. we hear preacher sing lean . full figure shot - rachel she sit in profile , she gun across she knee . song continue os . full shot - the child , asleep .. in a big bed . ruby sit up , listen to song os . full figure shot — rachel , as before song continue 0.s. we pan to preacher outside . we see he through window . he sit hunch ona stump . full shot — the house , over preacher he continue sing . head profile —- rachel after a moment we see she mouth open ; and either to comfort herself or to drow out preacher be voice , she join in the hymn . full shot — the house — as in open shot a descend candle move past a window ; rachel and preacher sing os . full shot - preacher on stump over back of rachel be head . the song end . ruby enter shot carry a candle . its light black out the window - glass . rachel look up . rachel cooper moonin ' around the house over that mad dog of a preacher ! shame , Ruby ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she blow out the candle . we see through the window . preacher have go . close shot - rachel rachel cooper merciful Heaven ! she stand up . close two - shot - rachel and ruby rachel cooper Ruby , get the child out of bed . bring they all down here to the kitchen . ruby leave the shot . rachel move towards window . she put she hand over she eye . rachel cooper woman be such fool ! the soft hoot of a owl 0.s. rachel look up . close shot - a owl on a branch , looking down close shot — a baby rabbit close shot — the owl spread he wing and swoops close shot — rachel still for a second ; then o:s. , the scream of a rabbit . rachel cooper I 's a hard world for little thing . over this line we have hear the patter of foot down staircase . she turn . group shot - the child they look at she with complete trust . group shot - rachel , over child rachel cooper ( snap ) Children , | get lonesome . | figgered we might play game . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary pearl and mary jump up and down , patting they palm . rachel extend she hand and they gather close to she . pearl harper wo not you tell we a story ? close shot - rachel rachel cooper | might ( a swift furious glance into the moonlight ) | might tell a story . she sit down , the gun across she knee . group shot - rachel and child ..as mary and pearl sit at she foot . ruby stand beside rachel . JOHN stand near rachel . clary I will light the lamp . rachel cooper I 's more fun hearin’ storey in the dark . clary sit at rachel be foot . close panning shot — JOHN he be alert now . he move in close beside rachel , whom we pan into close two - shot with he , and press the whole of he right arm against she arm . rachel register quietly . close group shot — rachel and child rachel cooper well ... mind what | tell you about little Jesus and he ma and pa and how there be no room at the Inn ? head close - up — rachel her eye , sharp and glitter , look outside . full shot - the outside , featuring empty stump , rachel's viewpoint script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary group shot —- rachel and child she get up with gun ; we pull away ; in background , child turn face to keep watch she . she come close to window , gun ready , child in background rachel cooper well now , there be this sneakin ' , no-count , ornery King herod ! she turn round and walk back to she chair ; child be eye always on she . rachel cooper and he hear tell of this little King Jesus growin ' up and old herod figgered : well , shoot ! there sure will not be no room for the both of we ! ( she sit down ) I 'l just nip this in the bud . group shot - rachel and child , from side rachel cooper ( continue ) well , he never know for sure which one of all they baby of the land be King Jesus . head close - up —- rachel her eye glitter as she turn to look towards we . resume side group shot rachel get up , with gun . again we pull away , as face of all child in b.g. turn to watch she . rachel cooper and so that curse old King herod figgered if he be to kill all the baby in the land , he would be sure to get little Jesus . without speak , she go back to she chair . front group shot script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary rachel cooper ( more relaxed ) and when little King Jesus ' ma and pa hear about that plan , what do you reckon they go and do ? clary they hide in a broom closet ! mary they hide under the porch ! head close - up — JOHN JOHN harper no ; they go a-runnin’ . two - shot — rachel and JOHN rachel cooper well now , John , that 's just what they do ! they go a-runnin ! the clock start strike three . rachel look to sound o.s. full shot - clock and hall mirror , beyond dark kitchen in the mirror , a shadow duck . full group shot — rachel and child rachel get up , gun at port , and face into the darkness . preacher ( o.s. ) figure | be go , eh ? eye on the darkness , she bend low to the child . rachel cooper ( whisper ) run hide in the staircase ! run quick ! they scatter out of shot ; ruby linger . rachel cooper ( without turn to she ) Ruby , git . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ruby obey ina trance . rachel , gun at ready , look into the darkness . full screen - darkness pause . rachel cooper ( o.s. ; in a high , steady voice ) what do you want ? preacher ( o.s. ) they kid ! rachel cooper ( o.s. ) what be you after they for ? preacher ( o.s. ) none of you business , madam . rachel cooper I be givin 's you to the count of three to get out that screen door ; then I be a-comin ' across this kitchen shootin’ ! a step - on cat scream 0.s.and preacher be satanic face , and he hand lift the open knife , rise swiftly from floor . full figure shot - rachel - same shot as before she fire off she gun . full shot - screen door preacher stagger out and run yelping with pain into the barn . o.s. we hear the zing -zing of a country phone be cranke . group shot - rachel , over back of children' head they huddle on the stair in reverent silence . rachel , she gun sling sportily under one arm , talk into wall phone which hang just within the box stairway . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary rachel cooper miz booher ? Rachel Cooper . git they State trooper out to my place . | do treed somep and up in my barn . dissolve to : full shot —- rachel and JOHN rachel sit on the screen porch , awake , gun on knee . JOHN sit on floor , asleep , he head lean against she . barn in background . sunrise . close shot - rachel and JOHN same position . JOHN awake . JOHN harper I 'l see to Pearl . rachel cooper I 'l make coffee . they get up and start into kitchen . group shot - the child , over rachel and JOHN they lie huddle in calm sleep . JOHN and rachel watch a moment . JOHN harper she 's all right . they start for the stove . two - shot — rachel and JOHN , around stove rachel put she gun beside the stove , ready to hand , and pick up a coffee - pot ; JOHN put kindling in stove . rachel cooper John , you know ? when you be little you have more endurance than God be ever to grant you again ? Children be man at he strongest . they abide . JOHN look at she a moment . o.s. we hear police car siren . they look towards the sound . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary full shot - through police car windshield we shoot over two troopers . siren loud , they rapidly approach rachel be house as rachel , without gun , hold JOHN be hand , come down to fence . presently , the other child hurry out of house behind . the car brake . full shot —- rachel and child over two police car — barn in background the troopers , fan wide , advance towards barn . rachel and the child be group a short distance behind they . the barn door gape black . short pause ; then preacher appear . a trooper ( shouting ) be that he , ma'am ? rachel cooper ( shouting ) yes ! mind where you shoot , boy ! there 's child here ! trooper why not you call we up before ? rachel cooper do not want yer big foot trackin ' up my clean floor . close shot - preacher he stand , sway ; he leave arm be bloody and helpless . in he right hand the open knife hang apathetic . his eye be glaze . he do not seem to care whether they come or not . trooper' voice ( o.s . ) Harry Powell , you be under arrest for the murder of willa harper ! medium shot - preacher and troopers — john' viewpoint troopers close in on preacher , from before and behind , exactly as for BEN be arrest . close shot - JOHN script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the same sickly look , as at BEN be arrest . medium shot - preacher and troopers - john' viewpoint one trooper smack the back of preacher be head with a pistol - barrel . close shot - JOHN JOHN harper ( shouting ) do not ! resume viewpoint shot another trooper , with a pistol barrel , knock the knife from preacher be lift hand . close shot - JOHN JOHN harper ( shouting ) do not ! resume viewpoint shot preacher sink to he knee as both man , and two other from the front , close in on he . the tableau be the same as in BEN be arrest . close shot - JOHN JOHN harper ( shouting ) dad ! front group shot — rachel and child JOHN grab the doll from pearl and start to run . rachel cooper John ! John ! she start after he . full shot —- troopers , JOHN , rachel , over preacher preacher prostrate along bottom of screen . troopers be beat he . JOHN run up from background follow by rachel . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary JOHN rush among the troopers , flog preacher over the head with the doll . the troopers , astound , lay off . rachel be stop in she track . JOHN harper here ! here ! take it back ! I can not stand it , dad ! it 's too much , dad ! | do not want it ! | can not do it ! here ! here ! the doll have burst open and the money have spill over preacher . now two troopers gently lift JOHN away . rachel lift he in she arm ; she turn towards house . full figure pull shot —- rachel and JOHN —- group in background she carry JOHN towards the house . his head hang back over she arm . we hear he dry , exhaust sob . int . courtroom — day - close shot - icey icey spoon ( yell ) Lynch he ! Lynch he ! two - shot - walt and icey icey spoon ( yell ) bluebeard ! walt ( yell at all the man around he ) twenty - five wife ! icey spoon and he kill every last one of them ! group shot - walt , icey , member of courtroom audience perhaps ten face . most be frenetic . we two loafer be have fun . General hubbub o.s . a gavel o.s . icey spoon ( yell ) if the people of Marshall County ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary loafer ( cynically , across she ) bluebeard ! bluebeard ! close shot - JOHN he look to sound of gavel . the hubbub and the gavel stop . lawyer ( o.s. ) will you identify the prisoner ? JOHN look over he shoulder in same direction as the gavel . lawyer ( o.s . ) please , little lad . wo not you look yonder ... ( he point finger enter the shot . John shake as if he have a cold ) .. and tell the Court if that be the man who kill you mother ? JOHN look at the finger . short pause . lawyer ( o.s . ) it 's all right , Mrs. Cooper . you can take the little fellow away . the lawyer be hand gently help he from chair . group shot - rachel and child ..as lawyer be hand consign JOHN to rachel . lawyer merry Christmas to you and yours , Mrs. Cooper . the child bob and reply , ad lib , " merry Christmas to you . " rachel sniff . lawyer ( o.s . ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary and what 's santy Claus go to bring you , little man ? above JOHN be head , by wind and hold to ear , rachel pantomime a watch . lawyer ( o.s. ) o-ho-00 - 0 ! icey spoon ( o.s. ) they be the one he sin against , my friend ! gavel start . loafer ( o.s. ) bluebeard ! bluebeard ! crowd ( o.s. ) bluebeard ! bluebeard ! as rachel and child turn to go , gavel and hubbub fade and we lap dissolve to : int . a cafe — night rachel and she child sit in two booth , in a corner , next to a big front window . Christmas parcel on bench at rachel be right . full shot —- rachel and her group , then cafe and window sound o.s. of approach crowd . as we pull back we bring in a few other customer and the big window . there be Christmas decoration in the cafe and the street outside be hang with they . thirty feverish people , some of whom carry torch , enter the scene ; icey stare in the window and scream . icey spoon ( high -pitch ) they 's hers ! everyone in the cafe stand up . rachel gather she parcel . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary icey rush to door and open it . icey spoon they 's she orphan ! she turn to crowd . rachel cooper where 's Ruby ? clary she go . icey shout into the cafe . icey spoon they poor little lamb ! icey turn to the street mob . rachel hurry she child to door . icey leave door to yell at mob . icey spoon they 's the one he sin against , my friend ! cashier ( across icey ) go out the back way , miz Cooper . as rachel leave shot , the cashier shut and lock the door . ext . back alley — night — panning shot — rachel and company emerging from door mary and clary come out first and start walk to we leave . rachel come out and hurry off to we right , follow by JOHN , hold pearl be hand . we pan to mary and clary . clary ai not we goin’ to the Bus Depot ? no answer . they turn and we pan with they as they hurry after rachel , and we bring in rachel , charge away from we with she brood hustling to keep up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary group shot - featuring walt and icey icey carry a torch . she be flanke by rabid face and by smile loafer , one of whom carry a axe . as she speak , a man rush up to walt and give he a rope . icey spoon ( shouting ; high - pitch ) draggin ' the name of the Lord through the evil mud of he soul ! walt ( bellow ) come on ! they all start march , in step . panning shot - rachel and child march and voice o.s. and in background . carry Christmas parcel , they hurry alongside a building and , at CENTER of pan , cross the end of a street . the mob march down the street toward camera ; Men run to join it . icey spoon ( high -pitch ) he lie ! walt tricked we ! icey spoon he take the Lord 's name in vain and he trample on his Holy Book ! walt string that bluebeard up to a pole ! icey spoon he 's Satan hide behind the Cross ! other ( ad lib ) Lynch he ! string he up ! we pan rachel and child past this street and they hurry script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary towards ruby , who stand alone in background , face the jail . head close - up — ruby's ecstatic face in background , rachel and child hurry towards she . mob noise o.s . hear the approach of rachel's group , ruby turn the back of she head towards we . now there be no mob voice ; only the ominous sound of fifty - odd people march in step . ruby love he ! tracking shot - ruby ominous silence . ruby he love I because I be so purty ! you think he 's like they other ! side tracking shot - ruby , rachel and group march sound o.s. rachel firmly take ruby be arm and drag she off in we direction . rachel shoos mary and clary ahead of she . JOHN and pearl flank rachel , cling to she wide skirt . ruby , nearest we , keep look back over she shoulder . we track they along side of jail to rear of jail . ruby ( continue ) you take on something awful about he buy I that there movie book . you be so mad you shot he and the blue man take he . on " blue man , " we stop tracking and , as group leave shot , CENTER a police car , wait at rear door of jail . policemen start out of door . medium group shot — policemen and preacher they roughly hustle preacher into the car . march sound os . shot — from within car - bart script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary preacher and police be in b.g. through car window we see bart the hangman come out of he door . he wear he derby . a policeman put head out of window . march sound o.s. medium shot - bart the hangman on porch , by door , be a doll 's perambulator , but this time there be a Christmas wreath on the door . march o.s . policeman ( o.s. ) hey Bart ! Auto engine start up o.s . head close - up — bart bart yeah ? medium shot - bart march o.s. policeman ( o.s. ) we be savin ' this bird up fer you ! head close - up — bart march o.s. bart this time it will be a privilege . full panning shot — police car , then rachel and group the car jump fast out of shot and we pan past bart and CENTER rachel and group , walk fast away from we . mob voice o.s . avoice ( 0.s. , over depart car ) bust the door down ! close group shot — rachel and child clutch Christmas parcel they hurry away from we into darkness . ruby , hang back , drag by rachel , babbles script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary over she shoulder . ruby ( happily ) they will git he out . I will git my thing ready — my shawl and my mickey mouse wristwatch that do not run and the straw hat with the flower , and we will be marry and live happily ever after ! voice ( o.s. ad lib , cut across Ruby ) bust the door down ! set fahr to it ! where 's that axe ! climb up on the balcony ! you six git 'round to the back ! icey spoon ( 0.s. , scream ) people of Marshall County ! dissolve to : full shot - night landscape — pine tree , and softly falling snow dissolve to : ext . rachel be house - evening ; snowing — close shot — rachel at mailbox she peer into empty mailbox . rachel cooper nothing ! she slam the box shut and , as we tilt and pan , walk away from we through snow towards she light house . rachel cooper I be glad they do not send I nothing ! whenever they do it 's never nothing | want but something to show I how fancy and smart they have come up in the world . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she go into the house . int . rachel's kitchen it be decorate for Christmas . group shot — rachel and child Rachel enter ; the four girl stand in line , package ready ; JOHN stand in bat , in doorway to next room . mary can we give you you present now ? close shot - rachel rachel cooper shoot ! you do not mean to say you get I a present ! they hand hold package up to she . rachel cooper shoot now ! she take a package . close shot - JOHN rachel cooper ( o.s . ) why , Ruby ! embarrass , JOHN leave the shot . rachel cooper ( o.s. ) a pot-holder ! close shot — JOHN —- new angle from a fruit bowl , he select the biggest apple , shine it on he shirt , wrap it in the doily under he bowl , open a drawer and get out a clip clothespin , clip he package , and leave shot . rachel cooper ( o.s. , continue ) and much neater than last year 's , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Ruby ! ( sound of tear gift - paper os . ) ( o.s . ) and clary ! another pot-holder ! ai not that thoughtful . I be always burnin’ my hand . full shot — rachel , and child , over JOHN .. as he enter with present . ruby and clary be stand aside ; mary and pearl hold up a third pot-holder . rachel cooper and do you two make this together ? both nod . mary you hop we , some . close shot - rachel , accepting john' gift she open it . rachel cooper ( quietly ) John , that 's the richest gift a body could have . ( continue , briskly ) you will find you present in the cupboard under the china-closet . group shot —- rachel and child rachel cooper you know where , Ruby . all turn and run through door except Ruby , whom rachel detain . rachel cooper Ruby : ( she take a box from she apron pocket ) this be yours . ruby open it quickly ; it be a cheap costume - jewelry flower - spray . ruby and rachel kiss like grow woman and ruby go script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary to join the other . full shot - rachel she turn to she stove and be frame by Christmas garland in b.g. ; bang pot about and stir ; praying as she work , which be the best way to pray . appropriate noise , o.s. , of open present . rachel cooper Lord save little child ! ( bang ) you would think the world would be ashamed to name such a day as Christmas for one of they ... ( bang ) .. and go on the same old way . ( she start stir ) my soul be humble when | see the way little one accept they lot . ( she pause in stir ) Lord save little child ! the wind blow and the rain be cold . yet , they abide . in background , the girl run upstairs , they new dress over they arm . rachel glance over she shoulder . medium shot —- JOHN - rachel's viewpoint JOHN stand in next room , look at something in he hand . close shot - JOHN - in other room we see he hold a watch . he look like any boy , rich or poor , with he first watch . head close - up — rachel rachel cooper ( whisper , so that he do not hear ) for every child , rich or poor there 's a time of run through a dark place ; and there 's no word for a child 's fear . a child see a shadow on the wall , and see a Tiger . and the old one say , " there 's no tiger ; script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary go to sleep . " and when that child sleep , it 's a Tiger 's sleep , and a Tiger 's night , and a Tiger 's breathe on the windowpane . Lord save little child ! JOHN enter boldly behind she and , with a scrape , masterfully swing a chair around close to she and straddle it . rachel turn she back to we . she expect he to speak , he do not , so she fill in : rachel cooper that watch sure be a fine , loud ticker ! JOHN give she a burn , proud smile . rachel cooper it will be nice to have someone around the house who can give I the right time of day . JOHN find he tongue . JOHN harper this watch be the nicest watch | ever have . rachel cooper a feller can not just go around with run-down , bust watch . she turn back , face to we , and go on with she stir . JOHN go off towards the staircase to join the girl ; then turn back . close shot - JOHN JOHN harper lai not afraid no more ! | get a watch that tick ! | get a watch that shine in the dark ! he turn and hurry to the stair . head close - up —- rachel over the sound of he run upstairs : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary rachel cooper ( tell we ) they abide and they endure . lap dissolve to : full shot - starry sky fade in title : the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary