no. 02139 August 21 , 198 ) '' om the best little whorehouse in TEXAS revise final draft screenplay by colin higgins — notice — this material be the property of universal CITY studio , inc . and be intended and regtricted solely for studio use by studio prrsonnel . distribution or disclosure of the material to unauthorized person be pro - hibited . the sale , copying or reproduction of this material in any form be also prohibited . # 02139 the best little whorehouse in TEXAS open title . card after the universal logo , we open on a slow pan across a turn - of - the-century dress table . we see old photo - graph show a small group of whore with they madam , miss wulla jean , and the sheriff of the small town of Gilbert , sheriff jack roy wallace . there be also memento on the dress table : a watch , read glass , a jewele hand mirror , a hair brush , etc . we play the " production company " , the " Miller - milkis - boyett present " and the " Film by " credit over this thing and then push in on a antique stereopticon with the double photo image of a small , newly build , two -story victorian house situate on a wood hill in the East Texas countryside . the two image optically move together to form one image . they become live action and the narrator begin as we push in on the house where a horse and wagon be pull up to the porch . narrator it be the nicest little whorehouse you ever see . it lay about a mile outside the city limit . ext . chicken ranch - day - 1910 sheriff Jack Roy wallace and miss wulla Jean pose with the girl on the front porch of the house as a photographer take they picture with a old flash - powder camera . narrator sheriff Jack Roy wallace pick it out for miss wulla Jean and she girl in 1910 when they move there from over the hardware store on Main Street . we pan down through the leave of a tree to reveal two girl work in a little garden by the side of the house . it have the appearance of a turn -of - the-century lady college as the other girl cut flower , sit around the grape arbor and sun - dry they long hair . ( note : we can bleed in the color slowly beginning with black and white , then sepia , then full color during the 1940' . ) continued 3 #02139 2 continued narrator ( sing ) oh , the little house lay in a Green Texas glade where the tree be as coolin ' as fresh lemonade Soft summer wind have a trace of perfume and a fan be turnin 's in every room . int . chicken ranch - day = 1900 we see the old ceiling fan turn , follow by several shot through the fan of the girl make love under the sheet , squeaking mattress shot , bounce bedspring , with a chamber pot under the bed . chorus twenty fan be turnin ' they be turnin' twenty fan be turnin 's in every room fever be a~burnin ' they be burnin ' and they have to have a way to cool down . int . chicken ranch - night - 1914 miss wulla Jean stand at the front door welcoming customer enter the house . we see the key of a pianola start play ragtime as the girl and customer break into a turn - of - the-century - style dance . narrator miss wulla Jean have a strict set of rule but she like she lady , as she call they , to treat she customer real good . the dance continue , as miss wulla Jean make sure she girl be behave in a ladylike way . narrator she put a pianola in the parlor to sorta help break the ice . a feller could ask a girl to dance or if he hold back a little , she would ask he . and pretty soon they would get a little business go «~ two dollar worth . the dance end with a couple upstairs fall into bed . # 02139 3 ext . chicken ranch ~ night - 1914 doughboy be come and go . narrator by the first World war , it be one of the better - know pleasure palace in all Texas . int . chicken ranch kitchen - day - 1914 a girl take a cookie sheet from the kitchen oven and walk out to the garden . narrator and as the girl baked cookie .... ext . chicken ranch garden ~ day - 1914 the girl pass by other girl knitting sock , pack cookie , write letter and wrapping bandage for the Red Cross . narrator .. and knitted sock for the guy at the front , the soldier there bragge of the little house back home . male chorus ( sing ) it have nice watermelon all cover with vine and a vegetable garden a few slender pine White paint fence with the rose in bloom and a fan be turnin 's in every room . int . a room in the chicken ranch - night - 1918 a girl be wash a doughboy be private in a hand basin . narrator miss wulla Jean insisted that each girl check she customer real good for the clap and wash he off with soap and warm water . some of the fella claim that be the best part . continued 10 li 12 13 14 #02139 4 continued 9 doughboy ooocoweeeeeh ! the doughboy take off he hat and throw it off screen right . int . chicken ranch parlor - day - 1920 10 the hat ( now a straw boater ) land on a hat tree stand in the parlor . the doughboy ( now with longer hair ) be welcome by wulla Jean at the front door . int . chicken ranch parlor - night - 1920 il we pull back from a new phonograph to reveal couple dance around it -- letter - sweater college boy and bow-ty businessman . narrator . when the war end , miss wulla Jean celebrate with a new phonograph in the parlor . the girl Charleston with they customer and we intercut with the bounce bed upstairs . int . a upstair room in the chicken ranch - day - 1920 12 a half - dress couple end the dance by kick the door close . the music fade out and a plaintive harmonica take over . we pan to a open window and see the dilapidate grape arbor , while wind and dust blow across the landscape . narrator but prosperity blow away like a dust storm and in come the Hoover Depression . ext . chicken ranch - day - 1930 be 13 extreme long shot of the little house look very bleak . a hot , dusty wind be blow as a old , break - down car make its way down the long drive away from the house . int . a room in the chicken ranch - day - 1930' 14 a girl shut the window , close out the blow wind . she turn to a young farmer , who be carry a gunny sack . continued 14 15 16 17 #02139 5 continued 14 girl now , I be sorry , honey . I gotta have my three dollar first . miss wulla Jean do not allow no honeyfuggin ' ' till I pay my rent . the farmer pick up the sack and reach inside . narrator it be not always easy to come up with three dollar , especially during the hard time . the farmer pull a chicken out of the bag and hold it up proudly for barter . the girl sigh : girl well , you just keep that in the bag and I will take it out back soon as we be finish . int . chicken ranch parlor ~ night - 1930 be 1s we see some girl accept payment from three farmer with chicken on they lap . narrator and so the girl begin accept poultry in trade -- one bird , one lay .... ext . chicken ranch - day - 1930' 16 the girl be feed the chicken and as we pull back we see they have build a temporary pen full of several hundred bird . narrator and that 's how the place get its name -~ the Chicken ranch ! int . chicken ranch parlor - night - 1940' 17 the camera pull back from the new jukebox where couple be jitterbugge around it to a big band sound . miss wulla Jean nail up a wartime portrait of f.d.r. in the hallway . a bugle call and upstairs a young customer jump out of bed . the girl and they guest , now dress in World War ii uniform , dance down the step and out the front door . 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 #02139 6 int '. chicken ranch kitchen ~ day - 1940 ' S in a replay of the 1914 cookie-bake sequence , a girl take a cookie sheet from the oven and walk outside . ext . chicken ranch garden ~ day - 1940 ' S out in the victory garden , the girl , thirty year later , be still do they patriotic bit for the boy at the front . one of the girl , sealing a letter with a lipstick kiss , turn off - screen at the sound of a approach car . ext . chicken ranch - day - 1950 ' S fifty -style music accompany the arrival of a convertible full of crew cut college boy . they pull up to the porch as a young black woman call jewel wave they a welcome . int . chicken ranch - day - 1950 ' S jewel take the boy ' money and they file through the front door join other customer dance rock and roll in the parlor . miss wulla Jean be replace Truman 's picture with eisenhower 's . int . a room in the chicken ranch - night - 1950 ' S Three guy , careful to keep they ducktail hairdo 's neatly comb , dance with they girl and somersault they into bed . int . chicken ranch - day - 1960 ' S jewel pass a portrait of Kennedy as she walk over to sheriff Jack Roy and he deputy leave with two low - life character they have just arrest . miss wulla Jean congratulate hin , while in the parlor customer dance to the jukebox . int . chicken ranch - day - 1960 ' S jewel and miss wulla Jean be at the '' presidential Wall " take down the picture of l.b.j. miss wulla Jean age from stand with a cane to sit in a wheelchair while we see cut of jewel put up Nixon and take he down , put up Ford and take he down , and then finally , at miss wulla Jean 's insistance , put up l.b.j. to be nail to the wall and leave there permanently . continued 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 24 25 26 #02139 7 continued 24 narrator for over three generation the little house go about its business while the town prosper , and that folk that could not approve of the Chicken ranch at least decide it fall under the principle of peaceful coexistence . miss wulla Jean nod with satisfaction at she favorite Texas president , put down she stereopticon on the hall table and jewel wheel she away . we push in on the stereopticon and see it contain the old sepia shot of the little house take so many long year ago . narrator course , if you grow up anywhere in Texas , you know at a early age that they be sell something out there other than poultry . ext . chicken ranch - day - present 25 the helicopter shot . as we swoop across the countryside and up toward the little house on the hill , the music become wilder and pick up speed . two car , a farmer 's pickup and a Army jeep be fly up the old dirt road to the front of the house . chorus twenty fan be turnin ' they be turnin' twenty fan be turnin ' in every room fever be a-burnin ' - they be burnin ' and they have to have a way to cool down . int . chicken ranch - day ~ present 26 the customer come in the door and , grab the girl , do the Texas twist dance through the house . chorus twenty fan be hummin ' they be hummin' twenty fan be hummin ' in every room customer be comin ' they be comin ' and they have to have a way to cool down . 27 28 29 #02139 8 ext . chicken ranch - night - present 27 customer and girl dance in the open back courtyard , while upstairs fan be turn at a faster speed and the bed be bounce to they rhythm . chorus twenty fan be turnin 's they be turnin ' twenty fan be turnin 's in every room . fever be a-burnin ' they be burnin ' and they have to have a way to cool down . ext . chicken ranch - sunrise - present 28 the satisfied customer be leave , get into the collegiate volkswagon and executive pontiacs . jewel y 'all come back now , hear ? the customer respond to jewel 's cry as if ask for a encore , and so ... they turn and run into the house , nearly knock jewel over in the process . int . chicken ranch - various room - night - present 29 the music double in tempo and so do the fan . a montage of fun fill sexual shenanigan , cut from the dance in the parlor to the bounce bed upstairs . chorus twenty fan be turnin ' they be turnin' twenty fan be turnin ' in every room fever be a-burnin ' they be burnin ' and they have to have a way to cool down . twenty fan be hummin 's they be hummin' twenty fan be hummin ' in every room . customer be comin ' they be comin ' and they have to have a way to cool down . 30 31 32 33 34 #02139 int . a room in the chicken ranch - dawn a cowboy , still wear he hat in bed , be ecstatically come to a climax . ext . a room in the chicken ranch - dawn his shadow be silhouett on the window shade and we hear he excited Voice . voice I be comin ' ! I be comin ' ! thank you . thank you , Jesus . we pan off the window up to the metal rooster weather vane on the roof and as horizon , the name the morning sun break across the of we star flash across the screen .... burt reynold ... dolly parton ... the best ext . miscellaneous Little whorehouse in Texas ! shot of TEXAS - day the rest of the Main title credit play over beautiful vista of the East Texas countryside while the orchestra give a zippy taste of some of the song to come . ext . gilbert courthouse - day we pan down from the sky , past the Texas flag and take a full shot of the Gilbert town square . narrator when sheriff Jack Roy wallace retire , about ten year ago now , deputy Ed Earl dodd be elect to the job . everybody like Ed Earl .. ;. ext . poindexter's used car lot - day the mayor , rufus P. potential customer tire . poindexter , be show a car to a while the customer 's wife kick the continued 30 31 32 33 34 34 35 36 37 #02139 10 continued 34 narrator the mayor , rufus P. poindexter , lean on he to keep the town run peacefully .... int . gilbert gazette office - day 35 edsel mackey be pull the proof page off the press . narrator edsel Mackey , the editor of the Gilbert gazette , have support Ed Earl in every ccampaign .... int . dulcie mae' cafe - day 36 dulcie mae , a not unattractive widow in she early forty , be supervise the breakfast . narrator and over at the cafe , the owner , miss dulcie mae ... well she be kind of prejudice cause everyone know she 's be stick on Ed Earl for year , ever since she husband pass away . she have a fine son , billy , and .... dulcie mae be pour coffee and she look off at someone shouting in the town square . the customer look off , too . narrator humm ... what 's that commotion out there ? ext . gilbert courthouse - day 37 three nester play domino in the gazebo turn they head and look off as a hysterical modene ennis , sport a tight new permanent hairdo , run across the street and up the step of the courthouse . modene dammit ! dammit ! continued 37 38 #02139 11 continued 37 narrator oh , it 's that town troublemaker , modene ennis , head up to Ed Earl 's office to give he a hard time again . int . sheriff' office - day 38 modene dash down the corridor , scream . modene Ed Earl ! Ed Earl ! she walk through the swinging door , past a startle rita crowell , Ed Earl 's gray-haire secretary . modene Morning , rita . deputy fred wilkin be come out of Ed Earl 's office . he be sweep back inside by the force of modene 's entrance . modene Morning , deputy Fred . she plant herself in front of the sheriff 's desk , where ed earl , lean back in he chair , be whittling chain from a block of wood . behind he desk hang portrait of all nine County sheriff end with Jack Roy wallace and Ed Earl dodd . modene Ed Earl , now listen up . you have get yourself a problem . Ed Earl look up and tip he hat back on he head . ed earl Morning , miss modene . modene it just be not right for tucker faylin to keep on do this . I have talk to he . I have talk to you . there be a law in this county , sheriff , and it 's up to you to see that it 's carry out . Ed Earl stand up and grab he gun and holster . continued 38 39 40 #02139 12 continued 38 ed earl I will take care of it . deputy fred do you want I to bring the rifle ? ed earl put it down , Fred . I have handle this situation before . ext . beauty shop = day 39 a mule be stand in front of miss modene 's car , with he behind sit on the highly - polished hood . a few townspeople have gather around to look at the bizarre sight . Ed Earl , with he gun strapped on , look like he 's go out to meet billy the kid , walk across the street from the courthouse . behind he be rita and deputy Fred ; while miss modene , keep up beside he , continue to babble . modene I come out of the beauty shop and there he be , stand right in front of my car . I try to back up , but I could not , so I go forward slowly , figure that he would move , but he just buckle up he back leg and sit right down on my hood . the group stop as modene point at she predicament . Ed Earl be not faze at all . he walk up to the mule and address he , man to man . ed earl mornin ' , mule . I be sheriff Ed Earl dodd and I have get a request here for you to , pardon the expression , move you ass . int . barber shop - day 40 mansel , the barber , be give c.j. vernon , the insurance salesman , he morning shave . c.j. look out the window . c.j. what 's go on out there ? continued 40 41 #02139 13 continued 40 mansel Ed Earl 's talk to that jackass again . c.j. you mean the mule or miss modene ? they both laugh and settle back . ext . beauty shop - day 4i Ed Earl continue address the mule . earl I be sorry you be take it this way . I do not want to lose my _ temper because , as folk will tell you , that can be real trouble . modene sheriff , you get to get he off there . where 's tucker faylin ? deputy fred why do not you give he a tug ? ed earl shut up , Fred . now , listen , mule . I do not want to get physical with you . I want to be real polite . so , I be ask you for the last time ... move ! the mule stare back at he and be singularly unimpress . Ed Earl give up . ed earl okay . if that 's you decision . he take a cheroot from he breast pocket and put it in he mouth . he strike a match on he belt buckle and light the cigar . modene be very agitate at Ed Earl 's calm and he lack of progress . modene what be you go to do , sheriff ? I be expect back home . Ed Earl walk out of frame . a quick cut of the mule 's tail be lift off the hood . the mule look over he shoulder to see what 's happen . continued 41 42 43 44 45 #02139 14 continued modene sheriff , be you listen to I ? louise maple , a elderly lady of the town and a staunch supporter of Ed Earl , butt in . louise hush , modene . the sheriff know what he 's do . modene do not hush I , Louise . I have spend fifteen dollar on this permanent and I be so upset it 's beginning to lose it 's shape . the sudden loud whinny of the mule startles they both . deputy Fred and rita back up in fright . int . barber shop - day mansel and c.j. look out the window . int . gazebo - day the three nester look up from they game . ext . gilbert town square - day a long shot of the mule as it gallop wildly across the town square . int . dulcie mae' cafe - day dulcie mae glance up from the counter as Ed Earl enter and sit down . dulcie mae Morning , Ed Earl . ed earl Morning , dulcie . she begin to pour he a cup of coffee . dulcie mae I hear all that noise out there . how do you get that animal to move ? ed earl well , dulcie mae , the way to handle a animal be like my daddy use to tell I . he use to say .... continued 42 43 44 45 45 46 47 48 #02139 15 continued there 's a crash from the kitchen and the cook come run in . . cook you will not believe what I see . dulcie mae what 's that ? cook I just see a mule run by my window blow cigar smoke out of he ass . dulcie mae look at Ed Earl . he pick up he coffee . ed earl that 's what my daddy tell I . dulcie mae laugh . ext . chicken ranch - night the sun go down over a long shot of the Chicken ranch . narrator just about the time Ed Earl take over he job as sheriff , miss wulla Jean pass away . int . chicken ranch parlor ~ night jewel , now more mature , be greeting customer at the front door and take they money . miss wulla Jean 's black crepe drape portrait hang on the wall and couple be still dance to the old jukebox in the front parlor . narrator she bequeath she place in she will to she favorite work girl , mona stangley , who , you might say , have work she way up from the bottom . ... int . chicken ranch - upstair - night the door open and , from a low angle , we see a glamorous pair of leg walk along the corridor . narrator no one know much about she , where she come from or why , but they do know she run the same tight ship and carry on the same tradition of quality . 45 46 47 48 49 #02139 16 int . chicken ranch - downstair - night 49 we follow the woman until she turn at the top landing . customer at the front door turn they head and look up . mona stangley , glamorously gown , smile a welcome and begin walk down the stair . miss mona mona ( sing ) it 's just a little old bitty pissant country place ai not nothin ' much to see no drink allow we get a nice quiet crowd plain as it can be . it 's just a piddly squattin ' ole time country place ai not nothin ' too high - tone jes ' lot of good will and maybe one small thrill but there 's nothing dirty goin ' on ! girl and boy nothin ' dirty goin ' on . walk into the parlor . mona we get simple farmer local businessman Congress folk from Austin Young boy lookin ' for sin now we use to get a lot of roughneck when the oil boom be high but payday would get a little rowdy thank God the field run dry . mona and the girl it 's just a little bitty pissant country place nothin ' much to see no drinkin ' allow we get a nice quiet crowd plain as it can be . it 's just a piddly squattin ' Old time country place nothin ' too high - tone jes ' lot of good will and maybe one small thrill but there 's nothin ' dirty goin ' on ! continued 49 50 #02139 continued 17 49 mona I do not hire no marry girl they be not on the ball ' Cause they get home and husband they be not stable at all ' Cause they do not understand a thing about a proper business day now what 's the point of openin ' up the store if you give the goods away ? it 's just a little bitty pissant country place nothin ' much to see no drinkin ' allow we get a nice quiet crowd plain as it can be . a girl in the back nudge a guy to keep he hip flask hide in he jacket . mona and jewel it 's just a piddly squattin ' Old time country place nothin ' too high - tone jes ' lot of good will and maybe one small thrill but there 's nothin ' dirty goin ' on ! int . chicken ranch dine room - day 50 all the girl , in they nighty and bathrobe , be down for breakfast , but jewel seat at the big table . the cook have a helper , be in charge of serve . mona keep you language clean , girl keep you bedroom neat do not hang around the town cafe or say ' hi ' on the street . mind you p 's and q' and manners and you do not need no other tool ' Cause every girl who life here know my special no - no rule . continued 50 #02139 continued 18 50 jewel yeah , every girl who life here know miss mona 's no - no rule . mona Ruby rae , start ‘em . ruby rae bed be not to be wallow in that 's the kind of thing that big fat lazy hog do . mona and it do not make money . beatrice .... beatrice and I will not tolerate no tyin ' up my telephone with other people 's business . mona eloise , honey .... eloise and please do not show we no tattoo , no heart and flower on you thigh . mona it 's downright tacky . ginger , durla and angel brand belong on cattle and that be not what we be sellin ' at miss mona 's . mona do you catch my drift ? I pay the food and the rent and the utility you keep you mind on you work responsibility do not let you mouth overload you capability and we can get along ... Dawn .... dawn any bad habit you come in with get rid of right now . continued 50 51 #02139 19 continued - 2 50 mona taddy jo .... taddy jo I can not stand no chewin ' gum it look just like a cow . mona Linda Lou ..:- linda lou anyone takin ' sick leave oughta be real sure they be sick . mona and every time you hear that bell .... jewel ring the bell prominently display in the hall at the bottom of the stair . mona and girl better get here double quick ! ext . chicken ranch garden - day 51 it 's the afternoon free time and while the girl lounge around outside in they day wear , miss mona continue sing . mona and as for pimp , pimp be something ' you do not need to get you daily Business do be you listenin ' good ? so keep that leech and bloodsucker . off the back road I know how to use a gun no one mess with my girl . one girl practice the flute , another ballet , another yoga , while another girl be sit on the wooden swing read a book " how to make money in Real estate " . mona and any question you might have about the way I run this place do not gripe and whine behind my back just tell I face - to- face I be open -mind say it all . then go upstairs and pack the door 's thata way . # 02139 20 52 int . chicken ranch - upstair - night 52 the girl start come out of they room and begin dance downstairs . girl she pay the food and the rent and the utility we keep we mind on we work responsibility do not let you mouth overload you capability . 53 int . chicken ranch =~ tv parlor - night 53 mona push the slide door aside and step out to greet a group of conventioneer . mona and we can get along . ( talk ) howdy , boy . welcome to the Chicken ranch , men hello ... howdy , miss mona ... Nice to see you .... mona come on over here , I would like you to meet my girl . 54 int . chicken ranch - downstair - night 54 the music slow line , change as the girl vamp down the stair in a drape across the banister . girl it 's just a little bitty pissant country place nothin ' much to see no drinkin ' allow we get a nice quiet crowd plain as it can be . continued 54 55 #02139 21 continued . 54 girl ( cont would ) it 's just a piddly squattin ' old time country place nothin ' too high - tone jes ' lot of good will and maybe one small thrill but there 's nothin ' dirty goin ' on . suddenly the place be full of customer who pair off with the girl and begin dance . mona , girl , and boy it 's just a little bitty pissant country place nothin ' much to see no drinkin ' allow we get a nice quiet crowd plain as it can be . it 's just a piddly squattin ' old time country place nothin ' too high - tone . the girl begin take they customer up the stair as the tempo double . mona and girl jes ' lot of good will and maybe one small thrill . jewel and boy jes ' lot of good will and maybe one small thrill . mona , girl and boy - jes ' lot of good will and maybe one small thrill . mona but there 's nothin ' dirty goin ' on . int . chicken ranch - upstair - night 55 the girl come run up the stair and take they guest inside they room . girl and boy nothin ' dirty goin ' on ! all door slam . 56 57 58 59 #02139 22 ext . chicken ranch - sunrise 5e a rooster stand on a fence post crow to greet the rise sun . last night 's guest come straggling out , feel spend but happy . the girl yawn and stretch and wave good - bye from the porch or the upstairs window . everybody look very content . narrator and so the Chicken ranch continue to live in peace with the town and the folk there take secret pride in the oldest establish , permanently operate , non-floate whorehouse in Texas ... that be , until about a year ago last Thanksgiving . ext . country road - day 57 in a cloud of dust , Ed Earl speed he sheriff 's car down a country road . int . sheriff' car = day 58 Ed Earl look very agitate as if he be chase a criminal . he glance at he watch and step on the gas . int . sheriff' outer office - day 59 rita , seat at she desk , have finish write out a receipt . rita I can not tell you how thrilled we be with this contribution , miss mona . here 's you receipt . she hand the receipt to mona , who be stand at the counter in front of she . mona thank you , rita . rita that kid will be so excited . and the Mayor , too . why , the town council will probably vote you another plaque . continued 59 #02139 23 continued 59 mona I hope not , rita . I have gota closet full of they now . dulcie mae step in from the corridor and stop when she see mona . rita hello , dulcie mae . you know miss mona . dulcie mae yes , of course . we have meet . mornin 's . mona how be you ? rita be not this wonderful . miss mona have cap the goal for the Little League Fund campaign . dulcie mae how nice . on behalf of my son and he teammate , I would like to thank you . mona tell they I will be well repaid when they take the championship this year . good-bye , rita . mona start for the door . rita I be sorry the sheriff be not here to thank you . he drive over to meritsville . he will be go all afternoon . mona well , tell he i say hi. ( to dulcie ) " bye. dulcie mae ' bye. rita ' bye . mona leave . 60 61 62 63 #02139 24 ext . a country road - day 60 Ed Earl continue racing across the countryside . ext . gilbert town square - day 61 mona be get into she car as deputy Fred drive up . deputy fred hello , miss mona . Nice to see you . mona hello , deputy Fred . you keep a eye on my place at night ? deputy fred sure be . the sheriff 's real particular about the security out there . mona well , some night when you be not on duty you drop on by . I be sure the girl would like to show they appreciation . deputy fred oh , miss mona , shuck . you know I be a marry man . mona now , Fred , you think the cow do not appreciate the time off when the bull go on over to the next pasture ? deputy fred ( blush ) oh , miss mona . mona laugh and drive out of town . ext . a country road - day 62 a closeup of Ed Earl as he continue drive . ext . a country road ~ day : 63 his sheriff 's car speed past camera . 64 65 66 #02139 25 ext . ed earl be house - day 64 Ed Earl turn he car off the highway and drive up to the front porch of a house . he get out . int . ed earl' live room - day 65 Ed Earl stride across the live room to the bedroom , see a jacket flung over a chair , finger it for a moment , smile to himself , then fling open the bedroom door . int . ed earl' bedroom - day 66 Ed Earl stop in the doorway and he face fall at what he see . ed earl dammit ! we cut and see a figure lie in bed in the darken room . the light turn on . mona be lie in he bed with a sheet pull up coyly to she chin . she smile at he . mona what 's the matter ? ed earl you have get into bed already . mona so? ed earl I have tell you a hundred time , watch you undress be the best part . mona the best part ? ed earl well , maybe not the best part , but certainly in the top two . mona well then , Ed Earl .... she throw off the sheet and we see that she 's lie in bed fully clothed . Ed Earl laugh . continued 66 #02139 26 continued 66 ed earl I be glad I be late . mona I too . he start toward the bed , but she bounce out and pick up a package from she tote bag . mona now , just hold it for a second . I have get a surprise for you . I pick up a package this morning from the post office . it 's the latest thing from Frederick 's of Hollywood . she hold up a black shorty negligee . he be not very impressed . ed earl not much to it . mona I think I can fill it out . she go into the bathroom . he laugh and shout after she . ed earl I will bet you can . he quickly undoe he tie and take off he shirt . ed earl I swear to God , mona , there be not a woman in the world that can get I as excited as you can . mona ( v.o. ) even after all this year we be meeting like this ? earl every year with you , darlin' , be like a minute of sheer happiness . mona ( v.0 . ) that 's very sweet , Ed Earl . earl well , you bring out the romantic in I . continued 66 #02139 27 continued - 2 6 he undoe he belt and drop he pants . he look up as mona appear in the doorway . she look stun in she black negligee . ed earl woweeee ! that be quick . mona I have have a lot of practice get in and out of my clothes . what do you think ? she model it for he . ed earl hot damn , mona , it make I feel real sexy . mona you do not look very sexy . ed earl ( take aback ) what do you mean ? I look like I always look . mona that 's the problem . it 's that damn boxer short . I can not stand the look of that droopy white drawer . ed earl this ? what 's the matter with they ? I always wear boxer short . I have wear they for year . mona they look it . ed earl this be a brand new pair . and what do you mean I do not look sexy ? people have always say I look sexy . they say I have a sexy quality . mona you do , but that boxer short do not . now , look here . this be what I order expressly for you . continued 66 #02139 28 continued - 3 she take a pair of black jockey short from she tote bag . he shuffles over to she with he pants still around he boot and take a look at they . ed earl look like a japanese sling shot . mona it 's a pair of jockey short with little silver snap on the side . ed earl I be not get into that . they would kill I . mona they cost I twenty dollar , plus postage , Ed Earl , and I want you to wear they . ed earl twenty dollar for that little thing ? you get screw . mona come on , Ed Earl . ed earl I be not put they on . mona if they look half as good as I think they will , you will not have to keep they on for long . ed earl mona , I be not go to wear that thing . they be ridiculous . they be embarass . mona they be sexy . ed earl I say ' no ' and that 's the end of it . mona okay , then I be get dress . ed earl okay , I '11 put they on . continued 66 #02139 29 continued - 4 66 he grab they and , still shuffle , make he way into the bathroom . ed earl ( mutter ) damn . they will be like put two bowl ball in a marble sack . mona laugh and take the phone off the hook . she go to a closet and bring out a pillow . mona I see dulcie mae in town today . Ed Earl talk from the bathroom . ed earl ( v.o0 . ) oh , yeah ? mona i_ expect you be go out to she place for Thanksgiving dinner ? ed earl ( v.0 . ) do not I always ? mona well , you better start check that turkey , ' cause there 's a hook inside that 's gonna land you right over at the wedding chapel . ed earl ( v.0o . ) not I , mona . I do not believe in that stuff . it do not work out . mona amen to that . Ed Earl stick he head out around the door . ed earl ready ? mona I be always ready . continued 66 #02139 30 continued ~ 5 like a flash , Ed Earl run out of the bathroom across the room , jump into bed and pull the sheet up to he chin . mona laugh . mona oh , Ed Earl . be that it ? ed earl yeah . how be it ? mona but I hardly see they . ed earl that 's too bad , because I be not go to parade around this room like some damn model . mona come on , Ed Earl . do it for I . ed earl no. mona I just want to take a look at they . ed earl no. mona lift up the bottom of the sheet . mona come on , just a little peek . ed earl no. she put she hand under the sheet . Ed Earl jump up . ed earl mona ! mona withdraw she hand and hold up the short in triumph . continued 66 #02139 31 continued - 6 6 mona that 's what the little silver snap be for . ed earl ( laugh ) come on over here and let I put a lip-lock on you . ooops ! wait ! I have gotta brush my tooth . he grab the bedspread , wrap it around himself and hobble into the bathroom . mona laugh . mona oh , Ed Earl , I like a lot of thing , but this afternoon with you have get to top the list . ed earl sing it to I , honey . mona ( sing ) I like fancy frilly thing high-heele shoe and diamond ring ragtime band and western swing and sneakin ' around with you . ed earl ( sing ) I like beer and rodeo detective book and domino football game and cheerios and sneakin ' around with you . together sneakin ' around with you goin ' a round or two doin 's what lover do whenever we be sneaking around . mona I like lot of cash on hand and dirty joke about the fuller brush man . ed earl I like stuff I understand like sneakin ' around with you . continued 66 #02139 32 continued - 7 66 mona I like a thrill that have no string . earl friendship that do not ever change . mona and laughter from the joy of thing . together and sneakin ' around with you we be just sneakin ' around we be not chain and bound sharin ' the up and downs of lover sneakin ' around . mona oh , I like drive - in picture show kissin ' long and lovin ' slow . ed earl the secret place lover go whenever they be sneakin ' around I like the crazy thing we try . mona and the sexy thing we fantasize . ed earl and makin ' out in broad daylight . together sneakin ' around with you sneakin ' around with you keepin ' it all brand new gettin ' the best of you whenever we be sneakin ' around . ed earl sneakin ' around that 's all . mona I be gonna lay down the law . together watchin ' the rise and fall of lover sneakin ' around . continued 66 67 68 69 #02139 33 continued - 8 66 ed earl we be just sneakin ' around . together wetre just sneakin ' .... the song end with they sit on the edge of the bed just about to kiss . but this kiss be interrupt by a sudden loud knock . ext . earl be house - day 67 deputy Fred be knock at the front door . deputy fred sheriff . sheriff . int . ed earl' bedroom - day — 68 Ed Earl and mona have not move . they listen . ed earl it 's deputy Fred . what the hell do he want ? mona I do not know . I think you better go find out . ed earl okay . hold that position . I '11 be right back . he leave she sit on the bed . ext . ed earl be house - day 69 deputy Fred be continue to knock on the door . deputy fred sheriff ! it 's I , deputy Fred . the door open and Ed Earl stand in the doorway , wear nothing but the bedspread . . earl this better be important . continued 69 70 71 72 #02139 34 continued 69 deputy fred well , I think it be . I see you car from the highway and I figure you phone must be out because what be you wear that for ? ed earl I be take a shower . deputy fred oh . I always take mine in the morning . I read in the reader 's digest about .... ed earl I do not care . what the hell do you want ? deputy fred it 's the Mayor . he 's real anxious to speak to you . rita 's be call all over the county for you . he want a meeting right away . ed earl can not it wait ? deputy fred you mean until after you take a shower ? ed earl go radio they that I will be back when I get there . nothing 's that important it can not wait until this afternoon . int . ed earl' live room - day 70 Ed Earl shut the door and walk back into the bedroom . int . ed earl' bedroom - day 71 Ed Earl enter , look around and see mona 's negligee fold neatly by the side of the bed . he pick it up for a minute , then hear a car start off outside . he throw down the negligee and start for the front door . int . ed earl' live room - day 72 Ed Earl cross the live room and open the front door . 73 74 #02139 35 ext . ed earl' front porch - day 73 Ed Earl step out on the porch and look . in the driveway , deputy Fred ig talk to mona . she drive off and he wave good - bye . chuckle to himself , deputy Fred walk over to the porch . deputy fred ai not that funny . all this time , misa mona be at the back , knock on the screen door . she say she 's in a hurry but just drop by to give you this . he hand Ed Earl the pair of black jockey short with the little silver snap . Ed Earl take it and hold it up , shaking he head . deputy Fred explain . deputy fred it 's a japanese slingshot . Ed Earl shoot he a look , then turn and go back inside . int . sheriff' inner office = day 74 the Mayor and c.j. have be anxiously wait for the sheriff . Ed Earl enter , follow by deputy Fred , and make he way over to he desk . ed earl okay , rufus , what 's on you mind ? mayor something that could have serious implication to the health of this town . tell ' im , c.j. , just like you tell I . c.j. well , sheriff , I have a friend who work at a tv station in Houston and he 's tip I off that melvin P. thorpe be plan to do a expose on the Chicken ranch . ed earl who ? mayor melvin P. thorpe . he 's that crazy consumer advocate . have that report on the late night news . deputy fred he 's get a new show now . half hour . once a week . the watchdog report . it 's on tonight . continued # 02139 36 74 continued - 74 ed earl well , I do not think he can say anything about the Chicken ranch on tv . it 's suppose to be a family mediun . mayor but he 's a sensationalist , Ed Earl . he show up with he tv camera anytime a consumer have a complaint . he 's a menace to the business community . deputy fred he 's the fella who put the peanut back in the chocolate bar . ed earl what ? deputy fred he make the maker of the peanut Delight candy bar admit they put less peanut in each bar than they advertise and get they to change they way . ed earl sound like a pretty tough customer . deputy fred he have a lot of influence out there . . mayor and if he start bring he camera out to the Chicken ranch .... ed earl calm down , rufus . let I make a few phone call . I have get a little influence out there myself . 75 int . tv station - manager' office - day 78 the manager of kptz , Channel 4 , be talk to Ed Earl on the phone . tv station manager it 's no use talk to mar , sheriff . melvin P. thorpe be now the biggest attraction at this station . High rating , lot of letter . he do not listen to anybody . Hell , he want to go national . he want to be watchdog for the whole U.S. of A. 76 77 78 #02139 37 int . sheriff chapman' office - houston = day 76 sheriff chapman of Houston , a friend of Ed Earl 's , be talk to he on the phone . sheriff chapman I would like to help you , Ed Earl , but just like you do not want to mess with the Chicken ranch , I do not want to ruffle the feather of this bird . he 's get to be a regular Texas attraction . int . senator' office ~ austin - day 77 senator charle wingwood , a undistinguished blowhard legistator , be on the phone with Ed Earl . . senator now wait a minute , Ed Earl . I would tread easy on this one . that tv boy can be mighty powerful -- and mighty useful , if you get my meaning . the senator' aide interrupt . aide Senator , a quorum call . senator sorry , I have get to go . damn food stamp again . but let I give you a word of advice from one elect official to another -- be careful of the box . int . sheriff' inner office - day 78 Ed Earl hang up in disgust . ed earl what the hell 's go on ? this melvin P. thorpe character have everybody bamboozle . deputy Fred , you hold down the fort . mayor where you goin ' ? ed earl I be drive up to Houston to take care of that little peckerwood myself . Ed Earl grab he hat and stalk out . 79 80 81 #02139 38 ext . chicken ranch - day 79 mona drive up to the Chicken ranch and park she car around back . int . chicken ranch - day 80 mona come in the back door and walk through the kitchen . jewel stop she at the bottom of the stair . jewel hi , miss mona . mona hello , jewel . how would everything go this afternoon ? jewel it 's be quiet . a couple Army boy from Fort Hood . and right now the coca-cola man be make a delivery upstairs . oh , and there 's a girl want to see you in the parlor . mona we be not hire . jewel that 's what I tell she , but she be persistent . I think you should see she . mona okay . int . chicken ranch parlor - day 81 mona walk into the parlor . a young straggly haire country girl with a cardboard suitcase stand up as she enter and give mona a very pretty , somewhat nervous smile . we get to know she later as shy . shy hello . miss mona ? mona that 's right . shy my name 's Anna merle seltzer . continued 81 #02139 continued they sit . 39 81 mona well , sit down , Anna merle . shy I want a job here . mona I be kinda choosey about who life in my house . who tell you about it ? shy well , I meet a girl in Galveston .... mona ever have a run - in with the law ? shy no , mar 'am . and I do not want to . that 's why I would like to work in a respectable place . mona how much experience have you have ? shy you mean professional ? mona for money , honey . shy about a year . mona on the street ? shy no , mar 'am . mona for a pimp ? shy no , mar ‘am . mona Motel , hotel , telephone , van ? continued 81 #02139 40 continued - 2 81 shy I , uh ... i.... shy trail off . she be obviously lie . mona drop the businesswoman manner and speak softly . mona what be you doin ' here , honey ? shy be near tear . she shake she head . mona I think maybe you better just head on back home . shy I be break . mona well , I could lend you fifty dollar . course you would have to pay I back someday . shy it be not that , mar 'am . I get nowhere to go home to . mona boyfriend treat you bad ? shy no , mar 'am . mona folk run you off ? shy no , but I be not never goin ' back there . she glare straight at mona and we see a toughness for the first time . mona do you daddy get sweet on you , honey ? shy lower she eye . she can not answer , but we know it 's true . continued # 02139 41 81 continued - 3 81 mona well , that be not the first time it 's happen to a girl , it be not gonna be the last . maybe I can get you a job downtown at the five and dime . shy no . I do not want no sale job ! I do think about this . I be gonna stay right here ... I mean , if you will let I . mona ordinarily I put girl like you on the next Greyhound , but a smile do not cost nothin ' and you come in with one . ai not nothin ' worse for business than girl sittin ' around the parlor with long face . shy can I stay , then ? mona well , I be gonna try you out for a while . oshout out ) jewel ... come on in here . {to shy ) we have get to get you some new clothes and do something about that hair . I will have one of the girl take you to a beauty shop tomorrow . there be three in town and I like to rotate my business among then . they appreciate that and treat we real nice .... shy suddenly embrace mona and sob uncontrollably . mona be at first surprised , then hold she and try to comfort she . mona come on , now , honey . you be gonna mess up my outfit . but shy be like a puppy that 's be save from the pound . she keep cry and mona find herself be very move . mona oh , Lord , girl . you get I on the edge of cry . and I have do retire from it . come on , now . get a hold on . you will be fine . continued 81 #02139 42 continued - 4 jewel enter and stand in the doorway . shy stop cry and mona wipe away shy 's tear . shy I be sorry , miss mona . mona that 's all right , honey . I know how you feel . ( sing ) bein ' bear be the worst and the first mistake I ever make the doctor do not spank I he just slap I in the face and the cup of love be always quenchin' someone else 's thirst leave I to swallow the bitter taste of hurt . ' Cause I be raise a orphan never want as a kid until the year I turn thirteen then everybody do — stranger pass I back and forth Men just take I as they pleased and other have a cinderella slave to cook and clean and weave . though the deck be stack against you win or lose you have to play the hand that life have deal you and it 's a gamble either way . on a dusty road at fifteen in a yellow cotton dress with the desert sun like a angry dragon breathin ' down my neck and the dry crack plain that make I think of a prehistoric time should I fear what lay before I less than what I would leave behind . a fifteen year old girl do not have no trouble hitchin ' ride but sometimes when you be ridin ' free you will pay the high price on back road , and in backseat and in cheap highway motel but what 's a few more stranger in a life of nothin ' else . continued 81 #02139 43 continued - 5 81 mona ( cont would ) ( sing ) though the deck be stack against you win or lose you have to play the hand that life have deal you and it 's a gamble either way . sixteen find I cryin ! underneath a scarlet light on the doorstep of a stranger on a cold and rainy night when I walk into the parlor here the piece seem to fit I be good at pleasin ' stranger so I make the most of it . either way it 's all a gamble so view the stake and know the odd Lay you card upon the table do you dealin ' from the top . though the deck be stack against you win or lose you have to play the hand that life have deal you and it 's a gamble either way ( speak ) yeah , it 's a gamble either way . jewel , who have be listen through the song , glance over at mona . a look of recognition pass between they . shy look up at jewel . shy miss mona 's gonna let I stay . sewel that 's wonderful , child , but after talk to you this afternoon it do not surprise I none . mona smile at jewel and walk out to the hallway to beckon to the girl pass by . mona Girls , come on in here . Ginger and Ruby rae enter . mona introduce they to shy . mona Girls , this be Anna merle seltzer . goodness , that 's a mouthful . we have get to do something about that . even at we reduce rate , that name 's a tough sell . continued # 02139 44 81 continued - 6 81 shy well , I be think of change it to Dawn . mona hmmm . I already get I a Dawn . I be just gonna call you shy ' till I can think of something better . this be Ginger and Ruby rae . ginger howdy . ruby rae hello , honey . mona take shy upstairs and show she around . she will be board with we for a while . shy thanks , miss mona . ginger well , that 's good news . we can sure use the help with all they college boy come over here Thanksgiving night . shy College boy ? mona yeah . the win senior from the Texas aggie / Texas University football game get treat to a night here on Thanksgiving . jewel by they alumni Association . ruby rae it 's a tradition . be go on for year . mona you see , honey , the Chicken ranch be a Texas institution and I aim to keep it that way . 82 ext . houston - dusk 82 we pan down from a helicopter shot of the Houston skyline and zero into the building that house Channel 4 . 83 84 #02139 45 int . tv station - night 83 Ed Earl be follow a page down the aisle of the tv studio backstage . the page show he melvin 's dress room and exit . Ed Earl knock on the door . melvin ( v.o ) come in . Ed Earl enter . int . melvine dressing room ~ night 84 melvin P. thorpe be sit in he white T-shirt and american flag boxer short while he put the finish touch to the straighten of he silver - haire wig . Ed Earl be a little surprised . ed earl mister thorpe ? melvin look up in the mirror , see he and jump up with a smile . melvin I know you . ed earl you do ? melvin be not you sheriff Ed Earl doda from over in lanville County ? ed earl that 's right , how do you .... melvin well , this be surely my pleasure ... ( shaking hand enthusiastically ) my honor . what bring you up here to Houston ? please , sit down . ( wave to the couch ) anywhere over there . I be just get dress . I have get the show tonight and I be run a bit behind time . Ed Earl sit on the couch and melvin return to dress . continued 84 #02139 46 continued 84 during the follow dialogue , Ed Earl watch he put on he corset , jock pad , shoulder pad , red , white and blue suit and tie , pearl - handle revolver in silver - studd holster , handcuffs and white cowboy boot . ed earl well , it 's the show I want to talk to you about , mister thorpe . melvin melvin . ed earl melvin .... melvin you watch the show , Ed ? earl well , I .... melvin last week be the best rating we ever have . the City Planning commissioner drive a city car while he be on vacation ! we break a thirty share . and it 's affect my piece on the late night news . up! up! up ! they love my little report . earl I have hear you be very popular . melvin the power of television -- of public exposure -- be so great it scare I . I swear I could get the Mayor 's own child to throw rock at he . which show do you like best ? ed earl ( after a beat ) well , I ... I think the peanut in the chocolate bar .... melvin one of my favorite ! Three score mean sixty , like the Bible say . so , if it say sixty nut on the continued # 02139 47 84 continued - 2 84 melvin ( cont would ) wrapper , I want to count sixty nut inside . right ?.-. and I be talk whole nut , not half nut or nut bit or nut chip . we be talk a full nut ! ed earl I can see that . melvin thank God we still live in a society where anything that 's phony or dishonest can not stand the light of day . he put on he shirt over he padded shoulder and get one pad catch . ed@ Earl point it out . ed earl you pad there .... melvin oh , thanks ... yes , most corporation involved in false advertising will just laugh at a fifty dollar fine , but if you show up with a tv camera and give tem bad publicity , they shape up faster than goose shit through a tin horn . ed earl it 's that bad publicity that I want to talk to you about . sometimes it can hurt people . like this report I hear you be plan on the Chicken ranch . that place have be operate peacefully for a long time . Hell , I would not be surprised if you granddaddy take you daddy out there to learn about the bird and the bee . melvin I be from New Jersey . ed earl oh. melvin I move to Houston six year ago . continued 84 #02139 48 continued - 3 84 ed earl the point I want to make be every schoolboy in the state know about it , most politician have sleep there , and the town , the Mayor and the folk who elect I want to keep thing the way they be . melvin what be you interest in this whorehouse , sheriff ? ed earl well , my deputy patrol out there , stop fight before they start . the girl ' police record be check , so be they health card . and as for get information that help we solve crime , why the Chicken ranch be a better intelligence - gather operation than all that FBI flyer they keep mailing I . melvin you know , sheriff , it just strike I . we be in the same profession . ed earl what 's that ? melvin Law enforcement . I be out there fight for the rights of the public just like you . we be both of we protect the people -+ you in the old way ; I in the new . ed earl the new ? melvin Television ! I be the electronic bounty hunter . I use a camera ; you use a gun . Ed Earl be not impressed with this comparison . he beging talk tough . ed earl melvin , all I want to say be you would be do everybody a big favor if continued 84 #02139 49 continued =~ 4 84 ed earl ( cont would ) you would drop this whole thing . the girl perform a want service and right or wrong .... melvin right or wrong do not interest I . I be no moralizer . I leave all that to the preacher . Ed Earl be a bit : take back by this admission and a little confuse . - lae ed earl really ? well , I be glad to hear - that . the Mayor be feel that you would stir up a lot of unnecessary publicity . melvin unnecessary publicity ! he 's get I all wrong . I be not one of that sensation monger out for they own ego . he finish dress and stand look at himself in front of the mirror . melvin what do you think ? ed earl ( pause ) it 's ... different . melvin I design it myself . no , you tell you Mayor he 's get nothing to fear from I on that score . ed earl really ? well , he will be happy to hear that . melvin I be a lawman . that 's my interest . the law ! right , pardner . he grab Ed Earl 's hand and shake it . Ed Earl have still not get a clear bead on this eccentric character , but figure he 's get what he come for . continued 84 85 86 #02139 50 continued - 5 84 ed earl right . melvin come on , we have get to get out of here . that 's my cue . int . tv station hallway ~- night 85 they hurry down the hall to the studio 's stage . melvin listen , I would like to do a interview with you . ed earl well , I do not think I be the type . melvin nonsense . you be exactly what the public want to see . trust I . look , we will talk about it after the show . I want you to be my guest . this be the sponsor 's booth . just sit in there and make yourself comfortable . bourbon , beer , anything you want . ed earl thanks . melvin not at all . I admire you , sheriff . you be my kind of cowboy . see ya . he leave and Ed Earl , not too sure of himself and think he need a drink , go into the booth and sit down . he begin lighting a cheroot . int . tv station stage - night 86 the dogettes , melvin 's chorus of four male and four female singer , have already begin they open introduction . dogettes ( sing ) watchdog will get you if you do not watch out watchdog see and watchdog know continued 86 #02139 $ 1 continued 86 dogettes ( cont would ) watchdog keep we on we toe watchdog assure you that the law 's the law no exception to the rule watchdog be not no fool . a flustered stage manager be give signal to melvin and the camera . dogettes watchdog protect you he 's out on the prowl Guards and check the best he can watchdog be a fight man watchdog will throw he beam of light around if some folk do not tow the line watchdog 's light will shine . a dogette ( speak ) and now , the watchdog man himself . the eye and ear of Texas , melvin P. thorpe ! melvin step out on the stage and stand before a great map of Texas . the dogettes cheer and the audience wildly applaud as a " applause " sign flash . melvin thank you , fellow texans , and welcome to the watchdog report with yours truly melvin P. thorpe keep a eye on what 's go on in this beautiful state of ours . dogettes ( sing ) shine , shine , shine shine , shine , shine shine , shine , shine . melvin this week 's spotlight will shine on the shameful situation that have be allow to exist for close to a hundred year . I be talk about the Chicken ranch , my friend . the proprietor of this innocent- look ranch house be a woman know only continued 86 #02139 52 continued - 2 a6 melvin ( cont would ) as ' miss mona ' and the man who turn he back on she illegal operation be sheriff Ed Earl dodd . Ed Earl , sit behind the glass , stare in open - mouth horror at the mention of he name . melvin ( continue ) do I say ' illegal ? 's yes , I do ! now , I know this be tv , so I will try to be as delicate as I can , but , be not this the age of tellin ' it like it be ? dogettes amen ! amen ! hallelujah ! melvin well , then let 's get this thing out in the open ! here go , and may God forgive I ! ( pause ) Texas ... have a whorehouse in it ! dogettes ( sing ) Lord have mercy on we soul ! melvin ( sing ) Texas have a whorehouse in it ! dogettes ( sing ) Lord have mercy on we soul ! melvin I will expose the fact although it fill I with disgust . please excuse the filthy , dark detail and carnal lust . dogettes filthy , dark detail and carnal lust ! melvin dancin ' goin ' on inside it do not you see they have go plumb wild I inquire no one deny it now I think I be get rile continued 86 87 88 89 90 #02139 53 continued - 3 8 : melvin ( cont would ) body close together arm and leg all rearrange and the sheriff do not close it down that 's very strange ! melvin point over to the sponsor 's booth as the audience , in unison , turn to look at Ed Earl . audience ( sing ) do not close it down that 's very strange ! int . tv station sponsor' booth - night 87 Ed Earl be take aback at the sudden attention . he look out at the audience and then up at the monitor where the show be be broadcast across Texas . montage - night - tv monitor 88 we go to quick cut of tv set throughout the studio . int . home around houston - night - montage 89 Quick cut of family watch tv . a series of head turn . a family at the dinner table stare at the tv with they fork halfway to they mouth . a father put down he newspaper . a grandmother choke . a grandfather chuckle . a mother clap she hand over she daughter 's ear . melvin ( v.0 . ) mean -ey , juice up , brilliantine honky - tonk cowboy ! dogettes ( v.o. ) oh , no ! int . old folk ' home - night - tv sets 90 Old folk stop rock . hear aid be turn up . domino game stop . melvin ( v.o. ) mixin ' with green -ey , thin - lipped hard - as-nail , peroxide blond ! 91 92 93 94 95 #02139 54 int . hospital - night - tv sets 91 a nurse drop a glass of medicine . a patient pite he spoon . a intern let go a trolley . dogeties ( v.0 . ) oh , no ! int . gas station - night - tv set 92 a holdup man and he victim stop in midrobbery to look at the tv set . melvin ( v.0o - ) not to mention some type that you would never guess would venture near ...- int . department store mall - night 93 customer stare in surprise at a tv display while a salesman run a credit card machine over he hand . melvin ( v.0 . ) actin ' all deprave and loose and wild . int . senator' limousine - night - tv set 94 senator Charles wingwood have stop pour himself a highball and stare wide - eye at the broadcast on the tv set in the backseat of he limousine . melvin ( v.o. ) ninety mile from here . ( speak ) here they be , we own melvin P. thorpe singer ! int . tv station stage - night 95 the man singer touch they fingertip to they hat brim ; the girl singer half curtsy and smile broad , vacant smile . dogettes ( sing ) Texas have a whorehouse in it ! 96 97 98 99 100 - #02139 55 int . dulcie mae' kitchen - night - tv set 96 we see duicie mae watch the show in she kitchen as she prepare dinner . her twelve - year- old son , billy , be sit at the table also watch . . melvin ( v.o. ) ( sing ) I will not let this scandal fade ! int . gilbert gazette office - night - tv set 97 edsel , the editor , be seat at he desk and can not believe what he 's see . dogettes ( v.o. ) Texas have a whorehouse in it ! edsel I will be damned ! int . mayor' live room - night - tv set 98 the Mayor watch from he live room chair . he choke . mayor doreen . doreen ! run git my heart pill ! hurry ! int . study - night - tv set 99 a little guy , in he underwear , watch from a big chair . melvin ( v.o. ) I will uproot and I will crusade ! I can smell corruption and I will fight it to the top ! loveless copulation goin 's oooonnnnn . and it must stop ! int . chicken ranch parlor - night - iv set 100 the girl be watch it in the parlor . all be startle and happy to be on tv . ginger oh , my goodness . they be talk about we ! 101 102 103 104 #02139 56 int . tv station stage — night 101 dogettes loveless copulation , stop that copulation ! loveless copulation , stop that copulation ! int . a houston bar - night 102 a ex-boxer bartender be stare with he few customer at the show on the small tv . bartender loveless copulation ? he pick up the phone . telephone montage 103 all over the state , people be grab for they phone ... farmer , cowboy , oil riggers , maid , cook , school teacher . switchboards be a mass of activity as people in little vignettes sing to they neighbor . dogettes ( v.o. ) Texas have a whorehouse in it Lord have mercy on we soul Texas have a whorehouse in it Lord have mercy on we soul watchdog smell corruption and he will fight it to the top loveless copulation goin 's on goin ' on , goin ' on , goin ' on .... we pull back from the litle vignettes to see they form a map of Texas which dissolves into the smile face of melvin . . int . tv studio stage - night 104 melvin do not touch that dial neighbor . I will be back with new and revealing information on this and other case . watchdog never sleep ! continued 104 105 #02139 57 continued 104 the dogettes end the song while the audience join in sing and sway and the " applause " sign aré now flash " amen " and " hallelujah . " dogettes and audience ( sing in counterpoint ) and it must stop watchdog 's gonna get you he 's gonna shine he light on you watchdog 's gonna get you gonna shine he light on you . on the last beat , we pan over to the glass booth and push in on Ed eari 's empty chair . int . chicken ranch - dine room - day 105 mona be pour Ed Earl a cup of coffee as he tell she the problem cause by melvin 's tv show last night . ed earl that man be crazier than a peach orchard sow . announce it straight out , right there on tv ! mona so you have be say . ed earl it 's get everybody talk . not because it 's news to anyone over the age of three month , but because they be hearing it in they own damn live room . sung ... sung to music ! mona do he actually call my name ? ed earl not only that . the son-of -a-bitch call mine . Television ! you know , we be not catch a peep Tom in lanville County in twenty - two year because all the peep tom be home watch television ! continued 105 #02139 continued 58 loe mona well , Ed Earl , seem like ever since I can remember , folk have be ready to jump on I for one reason or another . ( hug he ) we can beat it . we will just sit tight ' till it all blow over . besides I trust you . you be my protector . ed you know that man wear 4 sock in he underwear ? mona a sock ? ed earl yup . all roll up like a Jimmy Dean sausage . mona laugh . he stand mona he 's probably plan to run for office and be look to get the Jesus bunch on he side . he 's typical of all that crusade fanatics . they rise up talk hot and heavy , confusing crime with commit a sin , but they die down soon enough and everything go back to normal . ed earl I suppose you be right . mona ai not I always ? now I suggest that tonight you and I hop over the county line , find a little beer hall and see if we can not forget all this fuss . ed earl that 's the best idea I hear all day . up and be about to take she in he arm when we hear the sound of a honk horn outside . they stop . mona I wonder who that be ? # 02139 59 106 ext . chicken ranch - day 106 deputy Fred pull up in he car , stop and come run up the step . the girl on the swing begin to tease he . ginger . well , howdy deputy Fred . how 's you tallywhacker hang ? beatrice oh , quit embarrassing he . anytime you want to lock I up honey , it 's okay by I . deputy Fred blushes and go inside . 107 int . chicken ranch parlor - day 107 Ed Earl come out of the dining room and meet deputy Fred in the hall . he glare at he . deputy fred howdy , sheriff . ed earl this better be important . deputy fred well , I think it be . that melvin - P. thorpe be set up he television show on the courthouse step . ed earl what ? deputy fred he 's get picture for he report on the late news tonight . he 's get a whole posse of tv cameramen and reporter . you better come look . ed earl well , I will be a ... right in the middle of town ! deputy fred un-huh . right outside you office . 108 ext . chicken ranch - day 108 ea Earl come racing outside , follow by deputy Fred . mona follow they both . continued 108 109 #02139 60 continued 108 ed earl I can not believe that sucker . deputy fred | you know , he 's even prought he own singer . Ed Earl get in he car . mona rush over to he . mona now , Ed Earl . do not do anything you will be sorry for . you watch that temper of yours . ed earl po not worry about that , mona . just jeave that little shithead to I . Ed Earl drive off . the girl on the porch cheer he on . taddy jo go get ' im , sheriff . beatrice come on , deputy Fred . deputy Fred follow . the girl laugh , but mona watch they with a worried look on she face . . ext . gilbert town square - day : 109 melvin 's watchdog chorus be sing a reprise of '' Texas have a whorehouse in it " in the courthouse gazebo . the crowd , include dulcie mae , look on with amusement . the three old nesters be play domino . one look up across the fountain . first nester look at that fella in they trick britches . second nester it 's too late in the year for the circus , be not it ? third nester it 's they tv folk , look like to I . they grunt , go back to play domino and never look up again . # 02139 61 110 ext . courthouse - day 11 melvin have a last minute touch - up on he makeup , slap away he assistant , signal to the cameraman and begin he report . melvin howdy again , good neighbor ! this be the ol ' watchdog , melvin P. thorpe , shine the spotlight on Gilbert -- the little town with the big shame . we be here at the lanville County courthouse to ask the local people how they feel about the infamous bordello run wide open in they american hometown . he walk up to the gazebo where the dogettes be assemble and address the crowd . melvin good people ! good people of Gilbert ! May I have you attention ! I would like to speak to you about a matter of great importance and concern . edsel let 's hear it , melvin . Lay it on we . mansel yeah , we can not hardly wait . melvin I be talk about nothing less than you community 's moral health . I be talk to you about official blindness , official corruption , official malfeasance . louise maple what 's that mean ? modene ennis t do not know . I be just wait for Ed Earl to get here . he 's gonna kick that boy 's ass . 111 ext . a country road - day 1 ) Ed Earl be drive like a crazy man down the road , cause deputy Fred behind he to be smother in a cloud of dust . 112 #02139 62 ext . gilbert courthouse - day 112 the dogettes be play " Texas have a whorehouse in it '' under melvin 's speech . melvin it 's no big secret ! you know what 's go on in this town . and what 's go on be evil , immoral , brazen , and against the law . ( sing ) oh ... Texas have a whorehouse in it . dogettes Lord have mercy on we soul ! melvin Texas have a whorehouse in it ! dogettes Lord have mercy on we soul ! melvin dogettes Sin be runnin ' rampant ooooh , ooooh , like before the fall aaah , aaaaah . of Rome . melvin someone be permittin ' you know what . eda Earl careen into the town square and screech to a halt . he get out . the Mayor , sense danger , come over to calm he . mayor now , sheriff , keep a grip on yourself . do not start blow you stack . : ed earl quit whimper , rufus . he walk over to the gazebo . melvin stop the sing . melvin and here come the man himself . would you care to give I a interview now , sheriff ? ed earl I be give you thirty second , you fancify fart , to get you and you sing chorus the hell out of town . continued 112 #02139 63 continued 112 mayor now , wait a minute , Ed Earl . ed earl pack up they damn camera and get this stuff off my street . you be block traffic . melvin ; the only traffic we be block 1s that head out for the Chicken ranch , right , sheriff ? a hushed crowd . Ed Earl can not believe what he have hear . he push he hat brim up with a thumb and deliberately stalk up the step . stand six inch from melvin , he look he up and down , he gaze linger on the outlandish , three - color cowboy boot on melvin 's foot . ed earl Little buddy , you get two ticket up to now . parade without a license and insulting I . now , you either get this halloween carnival out of here , or I be gonna lock up you ass ' till you baby 's grow . melvin we be perfectly within the law , sheriff . as a newsman , I have get first amendment protection . the public have a right to know what 's go on out there , and what kind of payoff you be accept to protect that notorious house of ill repute . there be a low moan from the crowd . ' the local know that the sheriff have a low threshold for insult . Ed Earl begin slowly . . ; ed earl first thing . first thing be , you be stand in lanville County . which , by my figurin' , be about a hundred mile west of that stinkhole you call Houston . so tt can not see it 's any of you business what go on out here . continued 112 #02139 64 continued - 2 il2 melvin signal the cameraman to get a better angle on the sheriff . the soundman follow with a directional mike , point it directly at Ed Earl . ed earl number two , number two be you be not a officer of the law and I an. so do not go tell I what ny goddamn job be or , I will whip you butt ' till it look like stripe on a barber pole . the local people , accord to they respective disposition and allegiance , cheer or react in a shocked manner . billy and he friend be delighted . billy git ' im , sheriff . modene ennis ( chortling ) he may be mean , but he 's ours ! ed earl Three ! no saw - off little pecker be gunna accuse I of takin ' a _ bribe and live to tell it , ' cause I wear the badge in this goddamn county . so you listen good , you over - padded , televisin ' turd , if I ever see you or any one of you other bastard in this town again , t'll knock you so flat you will have to roll down you sock to shit . edsel that 's tellin ! he , sheriff . _ dulcie mae ( laugh ) oh , my goodness ! Ed Earl get out he gun and point it at melvin . ed earl now , get out of here , you goddamn wig -wearin ' citify son-of - a-bitch ! he fire he pistol into the air . woman scream , dog bark and everyone start to ecatter . the cameraman trip over the camera and melvin , in he hurry to flee , fall backward into continued 112 113 #02139 65 continued - 3 112 the fountain and almost lose he wig . Ed Earl keep shoot . the townspeople run for cover , put look on happily as melvin and the tv crew hop in they two truck and drive away - Ed Earl put he gun back in the holster and mutter proudly to himself . ed earl so long , pardner . he look around -- the crowd come out from hide and give he a wild ovation . billy be thrilled and point Ed Earl out to he friend . billy . he 's my friend . he 's come over to my house to watch the aggie game . Ed Earl be accept the adulation of the crowd . he get into he car . dulcie mae come over . 's dulcie mae you be wonderful , Ed Earl . ed earl thanks , dulcie . dulcie mae we have finish serve lunch , but I do save you a piece of meatloaf . it 's you favorite . ed earl well , no thank you . I have a official report to make about all this and I have get to go up to the Chicken ranch and talk to miss mona . dulcie mae oh , of course . ed earl catch you later . Ed Earl drive off to the cheer of the citizen . we push in on dulcie mae 's face . she know he 's go out to celebrate with mona and that he be in love with she . int . a TEXAS roadside bar and dance hall - night 113 a fiddler be on the bandstand lead the band in a hoedown while the customer dance around the floor . everyone be have a foot-stomping good time . continued 113 114 115 #02139 66 continued 113 mona and Ed Earl enter . she be ina simple dress and he be not in he uniform . they be in great high spirit and go over to the bar to order beer . dissolve to int . at the table - night 114 by the beer on the table we see the time have pass . the band be take a break and we seque into a record play on the jukebox . mona , sit at the table by herself , look around as Ed Earl come up to she . mona well , listen to that , it 's my favorite Bob will song . ed earl I know . why do you think I put it on ? he offer she he hand . she smile and take it . they walk out to the dance floor and begin to dance as we hear Bob will sing " fade Love . " bob will ( v.0 . ) ( sing ) as I look at the letter that you write to I it 's you that I be thinkin ' of . as I read the line that to I be so sweet I remember we fade love . mona join in sing with the record . mona I x11 miss you darling more and more every day as heaven would miss the star above . with every heartbeat I will think of you i remember we fade love . as they dance around the floor we : . dissolve to ext . a country road ~ night 115 ea Earl drive by in he truck with mona snuggle up beside im . 116 117 #02139 67 int . ed earl' truck - night 116 mona look up at Ed Earl and smile contentedly . ext . the lake - night 117 we pull back from the campfire that Ed Earl have build by the shore to reveal he and mona lie up against a log and look up at the heaven . they be quietly enjoy the peace of the moment . mona sigh . mona look at they star . ai not nothin‘ prettier than a Texas sky . ed earl ai not that the truth . mona hey ! do you see that shoot star ? ed earl mmmm . mona do you think that might have be a spaceship ? do you believe in that sort of thing ? ed earl oh , sure . there 's all kind of strange thing happen . I see some picture once of that little guy from outer space . they be about two foot high , have bald head , tiny little leg and they get no pecker . mona well , then , I be not interested and neither would any of my girl . you know , when I be little I use to dream about fly saucer come down to get I and take I off to heaven . you know , like the angel . ' and I look and behold a whirlwind come out of the north ... and out of the midst of the fire come the likeness of four live creature . ' ed earl oh , yeah . what be you talk about ? mona that 's from ezekiel . have not you ever hear of ezekiel in the Bible ? . continued 117 #02139 continued 68 117 ed earl gure , I have hear of the Bible . but the only ezekiel I ever hear of be ezekiel peebles in the eighth grade . I bust he jaw once . mona that be very Christian of you , Ed Earl . : ed earl well , we be all baptist in my family . mona I never stay with any one family long enough to become anything in particular . but I read the Bible and I do know about Jesus . ed earl I think Jesus be a nice person . must have be a good speaker . mona you know , I know a woman once who tell I she have a vision of Jesus . he come right down and sit on the end of she bed one night . I believe she . I feel that could happen to I . ed earl well , if Jesus come into you piace honey , all hell 's gonna break oose . mona ( laugh ) I guess you get a point , Ed Earl . but you know , Jesus be very good to Mary magdalene and she be a fall woman . be not that amazing . she be perhaps he best friend . ed earl . you mean Mary magdalene be Jesus ' girlfriend ? mona well , not the way you be think . but Jesus do like to have a good time . people seem to forget that . you know , he go to a wedding once continued 117 #02139 69 continued - 2 1 : mona ( cont would ) and they run out of wine . so you know what he do ? he turn some water into wine . . ed earl sound like a man who know how to party . mona now , do not be sacrilegious , Ed Earl . ed earl oh , he know I be kid . he forgive I . mona yeah ... I know he do . ai not it funny . God can forgive you , but people can not . why be that ? ed earl because most people be not too god-like , honey . mona I know . I know . a pause as they look at the sky . Ed Earl begin to chuckle . ed earl that melvin P. thorpe be a sorry son-of - a-bitch . mona ( laugh ) well , you sure send he pack . I be proud of you . ed earl you think he 's really run for office ? mona why ? ed earl well , I have not tell this to anyone yet , but I be think of run for the legislature myself . mona you serious , Ed Earl ? continued 117 #02139 70 continued - 3 117 earl yeah , I be serious . I have get my sight aim higher than be a sheriff all my life . besides , ! think I could do some good . a lot of people do not think a honest man can be elect , but I do not believe that . this be a great country and we have still get it in we . mona well , you have get my vote . i! might even go register . ed earl 1 would be a good politician , mona . and you know why ? because I would tell the truth . nobody do that anymore and , by God , I be go to give it a shot . . mona I do not know you have dream that big , Ed Earl . ed earl well , it 's one dream I believe I could pull off . people like I . it 's natural to like I . you know , people like you , too . you would be surprised if you take a poll around town . mona really ? ed earl I hear it all the time . you be a well - like lady . mona well , I always believe if you see somebody without a smile , give then yours . ed earl 1 like that . do you think I could borrow that slogan when I run for the legislature ...' I always believe if you see somebody without a smile , give they yours . ' ... I could put that on my card . continued 117 #02139 71 continued - 4 117 mona oh , Ed Earl . I guess I be just not a person who believe in dream . I believe in reality . dream have never get I anywhere . ed earl but how about when you be a kid . you must have want to be something . mona promise you will not laugh ? ed earl sure . mona I use to think I want to be a dancer . 1 want to be a ballerina . one of the first thing I can remember be a little ballerina on top of a music box . I would just watch she for hour dance round and round . earl well , I do not think it 's too late for you to be a ballerina . mona oh , hell , Ed Earl . I be so top-heavy , I have a hard enough time balance this now without get up on my toe . ed earl mona , you be wonderful . mona thank you ... you know , I do not see anyone except you , Ed Earl . not anymore . you can not say the same , can you . / ed earl I do not go to bed with anyone elise . mona you do not ? ed earl not for three year now . you do not know that , do you ? continued 117 ~~ 118 | on 119 120 #02139 72 continued - 5 ir mona no , I do not . ed earl well , I figure there 's nothing better after you have have the best . mona , I like that . if I ever run for the legislature , I be gonna put that on my card . they laugh . they kiss . they kiss again and fall into a passionate and loving embrace . int . mayor' live room - night 118 the Mayor be watch television . announcer next up , melvin P. thorpe continue he expose on the Chicken ranch with a violent demonstration in the Gilbert town square . the Mayor react to see the announcement on television . mayor great God from goldsborough ! doreen . doreen ! run git my heart pill ! int . ed earl' bedroom - night 119 in the darken room the phone be ringing . it ring three or four time . a hand come out from under the blanket , turn on the overhead light and answer the phone . it be Ed Earl . he stick he head out from under the blanket . ed earl yes . yes ? int . mayor' live room - night 120 the Mayor be on the telephone . mayor Ed Earl , you better turn on Channel 4 . that melvin P. thorpe idiot have get you on tv again . 121 #02139 73 int . ed earl' bedroom - night 121 Ed Earl turn to mona . earl honey , turn on the television . Channel 4 . the Mayor say that melvin P. thorpe be spew off at the mouth again . mona reach for the remote control for the tv on the night table . ed earl calm down , rufus , it can not be as bad as ali that . mona turn on the television and we see melvin seat at the news desk give he version of what happen in the Gilbert town square . melvin what happen to I , as a individual , be not important . but what sheriff dodd do to a constitutionally license newsman and a good tax - pay american citizen be important ! it call up old dark version of mussolini 's Brown shirt and the Nazi terror . I think the film speak for itself . on the television screen we see a edit version of Ed Earl 's speech : a tle bleep no saw - off little bleep be gunna accuse I of takin ' a bribe and live to tell it ... ( fire gun ) +..' cause I wear the badge in this bleep county . so you listen good , you bleep -bleep , bleep -bleep ... ire gun , same shot ) ..- if I ever see you or any one of you other bleep in this town again , I 'il knock you so flat you will have to bleep -bleep , bleep -bleep , eep ! bleep - dp ( fire gun , same shot ) Ed Earl and mona watch in open-mouthed horror . continued 121 122 #02139 74 continued 12 . melvin ( v.o. ) be this the kind of man we want run we law enforcement ? be this the kind of foul - mouth example we want to set for we child ? mona sadly shake she head . mona Ed Earl , that man have make a fool of you . Ed Earl , in shock , absently hang up the phone . int . sheriff' outer office ~ day 122 the Mayor , edsel and c.j. Vernon be pace around Ed Earl 's outer office . the two phone be ringing and rita have she hand full . deputy Fred wait . the Mayor take out he watch . mayor I have have call from four preacher , six deacon and the president of two garden club . rita ( hang up ) the phone have be ringing just like that all morning . mayor do not know why I let people talk I into serve as the Mayor of this incorporate sand trap anyway . ( look at he watch ) what the heck be keep he ? rita he '1li be along . deputy fred my wife could not believe what she see last night . they bleep he out , but she read he lip on every ' hell ' , ' goddamn ' and ' shit ' . edsel do you hear some folk be get up a petition to close the Chicken ranch ? continued 122 123 #02139 continued 75 122 c.j . all we want to do be keep it iet . now , thanks to Ed Earl , it 's get to be the hot thing on the air since the gong show . Ed Earl enter and stop at rita 's desk for he message . rita mornin ' , sheriff . here 's you call . ed earl mornin ' , rita. mornin’ , feller . I guess you be wait to talk to I . mayor we sure be . you do not know the trouble you have stir up with this Chicken ranch business . they follow Ed Earl into he office . int . sheriff' inner office - day 123 c.j. dammit , Ed Earl , if you be not a pluperfect fool . ed earl maybe so . I have get call here from a dozen shocked citizen tell I we have get a whorehouse operate in this county ... for about a hundred and fifty year ! mayor Ed Earl , you can set up speed trap to catch the tourist , you can look the other way when the wrong kid swipe a car to go joyride , hell , you can even allow miss mona to run she place out there . but the one thing you can not get away with be broadcastin ' gutter talk on tv ! ed earl how be I suppose to know they be take picture ? continued 123 #02139 continued 76 1 c.j. what do you figure the camera be for ? ed earl you know , I be get just a little sick of all this bad mouthin' . Hell , the Chicken ranch do not give I half as much trouble as that all night stag party out at the legionnaire Hall . c.g. ( embarrassed ) that be not fair , ding it ! mayor there 's only one thing to do and that 's close the place down before we all go to hell in a handbasket . ed earl Close it down ! oh , you be all willing to go along with miss mona when thing be run good because she bring business to the town and make civic contribution . but now that she 's in trouble , you be all about to turn tail and run like rat from a burn barn . edsel that 's just it , Ed Earl . but who 's go to put out the fire ? mayor look , if you will not close she down , at least tell she to lay low for a couple of month . c.j. just until the heat wear off . mayor give it two month . what 's two month ? : ed earl dammit , rufus . I do not want anybody tell I how to do my job . I be still the law here and I will make up my own mind about what 's gotta be do ! # 02139 77 124 int . chicken ranch ~ mona' bedroom - day 124 Ed Earl be talk to mona . earl two month . what 's two month ? mona shut down for two month ! that 's a hell of a lot of overhead to pay out when a company 's cash be not come in . what be I suppose to tell my girl ? ed earl maybe it will not be two month . the holiday be come up . maybe in a couple of week it will have all blow over and you can start let you regular customer in the back door . mona you know , I warn you before you leave yesterday about lose you temper ... shouting and carry on . ed earl last night you say you be proud of I . mona last night I be not on the eleven o'clock news ! ed earl I do not know they be go to make I out to look like a idiot . I do not understand this electronic bullshit . how be I suppose to handle it ? mona that 's you job . that 's what you be pay for . ed earl I know what my job be . I know I can have this whole place shut down in a New York minute . but all I be ask for be a little cooperation from you so we can get through this difficult situation with as little trouble as possible . continued 124 125 #02139 78 continued 124 mona okay . okay . I '11 shut down . ed earl you promise ? mona what do you want , a write contract ? I give you my word . ed earl I be really sorry this have to happen . mona do not feel sorry for I . I start out poor and work my way up to outcast . ed earl mona , I hate this , dammit , I really do . I do not want this to hurt we relationship , but i. really believe this be the best answer . if you will just trust I . mona be quite move with he honest expression of emotion . she turn , smile , and give he a kiss . mona oh , you big cowboy , I do trust you . ai not I always ? she give he a hug . he kiss she lightly on the cheek and , with a flourish , put on he hat . he turn and open the door . int . chicken ranch - staircase - day 125 Ed Earl be come down the stair just as jewel , carry a pile of sheet , be come up . jewel well , if it be not the celebrate cussing sheriff of lanville County . how be you sheriff ? ed earl Fine . how be you , porky ? jewel ( laugh ) now , sheriff , I be real good all week . I drop six pound . continued 125 126 127 #02139 79 continued 125 ed earl what do you do , lose a finger ? Ed Earl ] continue down the stair and out the door . jewel , laugh , walk up to mona . mona I have just promise the sheriff to shut the place down for two month . jewel what ? how can you promise that ? what about the football game celebration tomorrow night ? mona oh , I forget . jewel it 's the Thanksgiving game , miss mona . that 's real special . mona yes , I know . well , okay . but we will be close for all regular . do you think that will be all right ? jewel '' I be sure it will , honey . that party 's a tradition . ext , football stadium - day - high shot from helicopter 126 the traditional Thanksgiving Day rivalry between the Texas aggy and the Texas longhorn 18 in full swing . int . broadcast booth - day 127 the announcer , look down over the field , be talk into the microphone . announcer well folk , this game have turn into a real stem - winder , the Texas aggy , favore to lock up the Southwest Conference and waltz into the cotton bowl in Dallas for a happy New Year , be fight for they football life . # 02139 80 128 ext . football field - day 128 on the field , we see regular football action as the announcer 's voice continue . announcer ( v.0 . ) the longhorn be play tough defensive ' ball , make this traditional Thanksgiving Day classic one for the record 's book . 129 int . dulcie mae' live room ~ day . 129 Ed Earl and billy be watch the game on the television in the live room . Thanksgiving decoration be on the mantle . in the kitchen , dulcie mae take the turkey out of the oven . she look over at she son sit happily with Ed Earl on couch . billy come on , aggy , plow that longhorn ! ‘ga Earl laugh and pop a beer . 130 int . chicken ranch - MAIN room - day 130 ' some of the girl be put up the decoration while the tv with the football game play in the parlor . out in the hall , angel be on the phone . angel well , I sure do hope mummy will be home for Christmas , punkin ' . now you have a good Thanksgiving and put grandma back on ... mummy love you , baby .... jewel walk by with double set of color crepe paper ribbon and hold they up for the girl in the main room . - jewel we will string up the white first and then see who win before we add the orange or maroon . continued 130 #02139 81 continued 130 ginger I cai not stand it if they aggy win . dawn what do you mean ? ginger they be such animal . always yell and jump about and say ' yeee -haaw ! ' eloise I like that . ruby rae we have two aggy here last year . they go upstairs to shoot crap -- and blow a hole in the toilet . the girl all laugh , but shy be a little backward . shy really ? what do miss mona say ? . jewel she 's put you on , darlin’ . ruby rae the hell I be . that boy be dumb . ginger Dumb be not the word . you hear about the time the aggie coach go up to the quarterback and ask he , ' do you think you can pass this ball ? ' ' Hell , yes , ' say the aggie quarterback . ginger and ruby rae ( laugh together ) if I can swallow it . the girl all join in laugh and now shy see that they be make aggie joke . she smile . Ginger look over at the television set . ginger come on , longhorn ! hold that line ! 131 132 133 134 #02139 82 int . the broadcast booth - day 131 announcer what a finish we have get here , folk . the aggy be out of the huddle , twenty short tick of the clock from oblivion . the underdog longhorn lead twelve to seven , with the aggy in business on the thirty - five yard line . ext , football field ~ day 132 we see the play as it be describe . announcer ( v.o. ) bubba shrake take the snap and drop back to pass . he 's get good protection ... he 's look deep . shrake throw over the middie . ( shout ) sliney 's get it at the five ! he 's hit and he 's short of the goalline . he 's stop short ! and he call time ! time out on the field with three second leave . int . tv station - day 133 two engineer be watch the game on monitor . first engineer I will bet that boy be cream in they pants . you know that whichever team win get a celebration dinner tonight at the Chicken ranch . second engineer yeah . course , it do not matter what the scoreboard say , the real winner of today 's game be gonna be miss mona . they laugh . we pan off the enginerr and see that melvin have overhear they conversation . he look up at the monitor and smile with gleeful expectation . int . the broadcast booth - day 134 announcer just three second leave on the scoreboard clock . the aggy trail twelve to seven on the five - yard line , need a touchdown to win . # 02139 83 atin { qotrall field - day 138 I see the action describe by the announcer . the ( be es '' & geule ee put ysde : ee ene grow shake 2b — serriane , mb poe sae ig or dine : he ? 3 " er apa ee ' pf ae " ange ei the eran pgue no onte the field . ee ea ple a ah a a ee estefan vere egn * < tre : pulcte mre' live rom = BAY 136 baek duane saerct a op up sofa with geliaht , while tnt . tee chicrer ranch = aik re = BAY 337 pais nig one he bh aytbien the gith . the celebration be wpe win cercer ay vey unas I ' sey the ths , sashes , '' oy ane , pe meee tae over at Ginger andy , a8 if gh gite , the othe girl , xesehaau} , ~~ '' 138 #02139 84 int . football locker room - day 138 the aggy come down into the locker room , all breathless and excited . aggies yeeeehaaaw ! Senator wingwood and the alumnus welcome they . senator boy ! boy ! that be the great victory since General eisenhower . win ! you make I glad to be a aggie . I swear , I could break down and cry like a baby , I be so flushed with pride .... one of the aggy be toss bottle of Lone Star beer to he teammate as they enter . he toss one to the Senator . aggie # 1 have a Lone Star on we , Senator . senator now , you boy know senator do not drink ! it be not good for the Baptist vote . he pop it open and it spray across the room . one of the aggy do a few bar of a foot-stompin ' cleat dance . the other cheer for he . a lot of '' yee -haw 's . " aggie # 2 hey , Senator , you be not forget you be gonna take we to the Chicken ranch , have you ? senator ( leer ) I always keep my campaign promise ! cheer from the team . senator yes sir , the Chicken ranch be a fine institution and I be proud to have it in my district . and to hell with what melvin P. thorpe say . so let 's get a move on and we will see you boy at miss mona 's . he and he party exit . continued 138 139 140 #02139 85 continued 138 the aggy all cheer and the true celebration start . they be pull off they pad and uniform . various angle of the different player like leroy sliney , the young wide receiver , and barney scrugg , the ox - like defensive lineman . they begin to sing . aggies ( sing ) we be gonna whomp and stomp and whoop it up tonight that little gal will not never ever be the same . they be gonna love it when we whomp and stomp and whoop it up all right it 's even better than a aggie football game . barney ( dumbly ) better than a football game ? int . shower - day 139 various angle of the aggy shower . aggies and then we be gonna show they all a thing or two we be gonna demonstrate just what a champion can do yee -haw ! we be gonna play them out and Lay ‘em out tonight they will not have never see nobody quite like I -- huh . int . locker room = day 140 the aggy come out of the shower and , snap they towel and horsing around , go to they locker to begin get dress . aggies we be gonna wham and bam and thank you mar 'am tonight I swear I do not know how they will stand such ecstasy -- huh right between the goalpost . continued 140 141 #02139 86 continued 140 they put on they blue jeans and cowboy boot and sing . aggies we be deprive so long but now we be gettin’ some I bet the girl be countin ' up the minute ' till we come . a aggie pop up from behind a locker . aggie # 3 they be not the only one . peach-fuzzed , clear-voice leroy sliney push a laundry cart down the middle of the locker room . leroy seventy - five mile until we get to heaven . aggies seventy - five mile until we plan be laid seventy - five mile until we get to the Chicken ranch where history _ and aggie boy get make . the boy spin the cart around and begin the big dance number . after a spectacular series of acrobatics and clogging , the aggy , now fully dress with shirt and hat , charge out of the front door . ext . a road - day , 141 from a helicopter we see the aggie bus drive down a country road . we push in just as leroy stick he head out a window . leroy twenty - two mile until we get to heaven . other aggy stick they head out . aggies twenty - two mile until we plan be laid twenty - two mile until we get to the Chicken ranch . 142 143 144 145 #02139 87 ext . aggie bus - day 142 the whole team , with they hat in they hand , joyfully stick they head out the window . aggies where history and aggie boy get make . the rear tire blow out and the truck careen to a halt by the side of the road . int . chicken ranch - upstair room - dusk 143 jewel be distribute some of the ball gowns to the girl . shy pick one up and be admire it , but Ginger be very bored with the idea . ginger do we have to wear this ball gowns again ? jewel yes , you do , and I do not want to hear any bitchin ' about it . miss mona try to create something special for this boy -- it 's like a graduation dance . ext . road - dusk 144 silhouett against the set sun , the aggy be pack , stack and hang all over a small pickup truck drive by a somewhat confuse old farmer . leroy be hold onto the roof with one hand and sing excitedly . leroy one more mile until we get to heaven . aggies one more mile until we plan be laid . ext . chicken ranch - dusk 145 the pickup truck drive up the hill to the front gate . continued 145 146 #02139 88 continued 145 aggies one more mile until we get to the Chicken ranch where history and aggie boy get make . leap and jump off the pickup truck , the aggy dance up to the front porch and knock on the Chicken ranch door . int . chicken ranch - dusk 146 jewel open the door and welcome they . they enter politely , hat in hand . Senator wingwood have already arrive and he greet they when suddenly all head turn to miss mona as she make one of she grand entrance down the stair . senator ( to mona ) howdy , mar 'am . I be Senator wingwood of the 19th District and aggie class of ' 49 . mighty proud to meetcha . mona meet I ? come on , Charlie . how 's Mary Margaret and the kid ? the aggy all laugh and the Senator be momentarily embarrassed . . senator Hell , miss mona . I do not think you would remember . mona you remember to bring the check ? senator 1 get it right here . he produce it from he coat pocket and hand it to she . mona it 's a business do pleasure with you , Senator . she ring the bell . mona come on , boy . we have get a surprise for you . she lead everyone out to the back . 147 148 #02139 89 int . chicken ranch courtyard - night 147 miss mona enter with the aggy as the girl be come down the backstair or wait beneath the color lantern strung out over the punch bowl . they be all wear they ball gowns and look slightly reminiscent of a high school prom . the aggy break into whistle and catcall and begin pair off for a encore of the aggie dance . leroy spot shy and he pair up with she . mona signal Ginger to take the Senator off she hand . the high point of the number come when the girl snap off they bali gowns ( hold in place by velcro ) and appear in they latest Frederick 's of Hollywood underwear . aggies yeeeehaaaaw ! the stomping become frenetic and the dance end with the couple face off inside or upstairs look for a bedroom . the Senator go with Ginger . leroy go off with shy . mona look over at jewel , give she a look that say " well , that 's that , " and turn off the party light . ext . dulcie mae' house - night 148 Ed Earl be leave after have Thanksgiving dinner with dulcie mae . dulcie mae thank you for spend time with billy . he really idolize you . ed earl yeah , I know . he 's a great kid . and you be a great cook . dulcie mae yeah , I know . they laugh . dulcie mae I hope everything work out with this melvin P. thorpe business . I know it 's be worry you . ed earl it will all blow over soon . dulcie mae of course it will . after all , the Chicken ranch have be there for year . and miss mona ... well , she do a lot of good in town . continued ~™ 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 #02139 90 continued ed earl yes . she do . ( pause ) well , it 's late . ( kiss she on the cheek ) thank you , dulcie . you be real sweet and you be real special to I . dulcie mae thank you , Ed Earl . ed earl good night , honey . he hop in he car and drive home . ext . gilbert town square - night deputy Fred be make he round , walk across the desert town square . a tv van go by . he stop and look . a car follow . he look again . melvin P. thorpe in the watchdog van drive by . the deputy scratch he head and think about that for a moment . int . chicken ranch - mona' bedroom - night mona be in she bedroom go over she account . she open she ledger and sit at she desk . int . a room in the chicken ranch - night leroy be contentedly smoking a cigarette . we pan over at shy look at he demurely from the pillow . int . chicken ranch - tv parlor - night jewel have she foot up watch a old movie on television . the house be very quiet . int . ed earl' bedroom - night Ed Earl , in he boxer short , be brush he tooth get ready for bed . there be a knock at the front door . he go to answer it . int . ed earl' live room - night Ed Earl cross the live room , turn on the light as he go . he open the door . it 's deputy Fred . continued 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 yp ( 154 155 156 157 #02139 91 continued 154 deputy fred good evening , sheriff . ed earl this better be important . deputy fred well , I think it be . I be make my round in town when I just see that melvin P. thorpe drive through with some other feller on they way to the Chicken ranch . ed earl well , he 's go to be real disappointed . there 's nothing go on up there . miss mona 's shut down for two month on my order . deputy fred no , she be not , sheriff . Hell ... ( laugh ) I see that aggie boy up there tonight celebrate to beat the band . ed earl huh ? huh ... Holy shit ! ext . chicken ranch - night , 155 everyone have go to bed . the light be low . we pan down from mona at she desk in she bedroom to shadow creep along the Chicken ranch wall . it be melvin and he crew of cameramen and reporter ( eight in all ) . they reach the lattice door to the backyard and , with a pair of chain eutter , cut the lock . melvin turn to the camera , signal to switch it on and address he audience . melvin . now we be go to take you into the whorehouse itself . ext . chicken ranch ~ back courtyard - night 156 melvin and he crew creep along the back porch and sneak inside . int . chicken ranch - night 157 they pass the parlor where jewel have fall asleep in front of a television station that have go off the air . melvin continued ~~ 157 158 159 160 161 #02139 92 continued 157 position he man near the light switch , then stand by the bell and give the signal . melvin okay , everybody up ! the bel ] clang , all the light in the house turn on and with a charge yell , melvin and he crew go run up the stair and through the whorehouse . jewel wake up and fall off she chair . int . chicken ranch - mona' bedroom - night . 158 mona look up and react to the noise . int . chicken ranch = various room - night 159 the still photographer throw open the door and burst in , snap picture with flash camera of couple in bed . Girls scream , boy jump out of bed and start put on they clothes , knock over table and water bowl as they do so . int . chicken ranch ~ another room - night 160 melvin burst into a room , follow by he cameraman . he turn to address he television audience while the startle customer in bed look around . melvin now we be go to talk to some of the girl and they customer . int . chicken ranch - stair - night 161 the place be in pandemonium . boy and girl be run everywhere , scream and shouting " raid . " mona come out of she room and see jewel come up the stair . mona what 's go on ? jewel it 's that melvin P. thorpe sucker and he tv reporter . mona run back into she room while jewel grab a still photog - rapher who be run by she and start belting he in the mouth . one of he friend come to he assistance and jewel karate chop he over the bannister . wo 162 163 164 165 oo 166 167 o~ # 02139 , 93 int . chicken ranch - mona' bedroom - night 162 mona dial the sheriff 's office to bring assistance . int . chicken ranch upstair - night 163 a montage of shot . a aggie get out from under a bed ask , " what 's up ? " another aggie leave he girl , sayin '' wait until next year " and rush off . we see a foursome in bed surprised by a photographer , while in another room a boy and girl be so stone out on a joint that they look around and mutter " Far out ! " int . chicken ranch - mona' bedroom - night 164 mona be get no response from she phone call . she hang up in disgust . int . chicken ranch - another room - night 165 melvin burst in on the Senator , who , with a highball in he hand , be be douse in baby powder by a blonde . melvin stick a microphone in front of the startle Senator 's face . melvin Senator , the eye of Texas be upon you . the Senator look stupidly about in the haloed light of the powder - fill air . he see the television camera and jump out of bed and run into a closet , slamm the door behind he . melvin laugh . melvin I think we have get enough . let 's get out of here . he and he crew run off down the stair . int . chicken ranch - mona' bedroom - night 166 mona take down a rifle from she wall and go out to the landing . ext . chicken ranch - night 167 football player be run out of the house and jump inte the aggie bus . with he siren wail , Ed Earl and deputy Fred be drive up to the Chicken ranch . melvin and continued gp 167 168 oo oo #02139 94 continued 167 he crew be hopping into they van and the car . Ed Earl drive up in a cloud of dust and park . he get out and look at the scramble aggy . mona appear at the front door with she rifle . just then , melvin drive from behind the bus and speed off towards the front gate . he pass by Ed Earl and laugh as he snap a picture . we push in on Ed Earl . he shake he head with anger . ed earl Holy , shit . int . chicken ranch - mona' bedroom - night 168 Ed Earl and mona be in the midst of a furious argument . ed earl you promise I , dammit ! you give I you word and I take it . I be the law . I could have .... mona the law ! a gang of crazy break into my house , invade my privacy , take picture . just tell I what the law be go to do about that ! I will tell you . nothing . ed earl they would not have any reason to be here if you would do what you say you would do . I trust you . that 's what hurt . I trust you ! mona do not talk to I about trust . I trust you to protect I . so I make a mistake tonight , okay ! ed earl if that 's you idea of apologize .... mona I be not apologize . I 'ma businesswoman pay out double tax and I expect a little security for my money . where be you ? where be you deputy ? continued 168 #02139 95 continued 168 ed earl I be at home because I think .... mona when sheriff Jack Roy wallace be run thing , this could never have happen . but you , you just can not handle the job ! ed . goddamit , mona , you be get I mad ! mona that 's right , cuss and shout just like on tv . you be still a kid play at be a cowboy . you be never go to grow up . you use I as you mistress , you use that damn dulcie mae in town as you on - call wife , you even use she son so you can play weekend daddy . but that 's all it be , Ed Earl , play . and that 's all you be , a kid play at be a man . Ed Earl grab he hat and turn in the doorway . earl I do not have to listen to this crap . just remember , I be wear the badge and the only reason you door stay open be because of I . mona do not threaten I . I be tell the truth and you know it . you big dream of go to the legislature , that 's all they be ... dream . ' Cause you will always be what you be right now -- a chicken - shit sheriff in a chicken - shit town . ed earl maybe so , but that 's a damn sight better than be a whore ! as soon as he say it , Ed Earl wish he have not . mona turn to he . tear be welling up in she eye . Ed Earl slam he fist against the dress table and break the glass . he turn around and storm out . mona watch and listen as he go down the stair and out the front door . she fall down on the bed and sob uncontrollably . 169 #02139 96 ext . TEXAS landscape - sunrise 169 in the early morning light we discover Ed Earl , unshaven and remorseful , have stay up all night strolling by the riverbank , alone with he thought . after a series of shot , he begin to sing . ed earl sometimes I get crazy as fool be know to do lose my head in spite of everything I stand to lose what be it in a man that make he act like such a fool I swear I never know but always need to . stubborn pride be just the way of stallion I suppose even love can not change the thing I want to change the most and it 's pride that 's get I standin ' when I should be on my knee make apology but it 's so damn hard for I . oh , but now and again I wish I would a be a poet so I could know the perfect line to say have some great romantic way to show it be the hero ridin ' up to save the day . and I would go ridin ' high like a knight in shine armor just sweep she up and race into the sun but I do not have no magic way to charm she no , it 's lonely in the field where stallion run . and I would like to say I love you but that word just do not come word like that be no match for the kind that rule my tongue but I can only hope she know I love she anyway no matter what I say oh , but I never say . continued 169 170 #02139 97 continued ed earl ( cont would ) oh , now and again I wish I would a be a poet so I could know the perfect line to say and have some great romantic way to show it be the hero that ride up to save the day . but I would never be a knight in shine armor and as for poet I be never one I be just a fool that must restore he honor oh , the wind be cold that blow where stallion run . I be just a fool that must restore he honor or only walk in field where stallion run . int . national tv news - evening walter cronkite , at the anchor desk , be report the Chicken ranch story to all America . walter legalize prostitution -- pro or con -~ be in the news again today . we now take you to Jeff Gerald in Gilbert , Texas . we pan off the " no entry " sign across the front road lead to the Chicken ranch up to jeff gerald with a microphone , talk into the camera . some deputy and a few sightseer be park in the background . gerald the Chicken ranch , the legendary long -run bawdy house be show little activity after the disclosure yesterday of the Thanksgiving night raid . a deputy at the front gate keep away onlooker and potential customer , continued 169 170 170 #02139 98 continued 170 gerald ( cont would ) while up at the house , the shutter be close and the principal not talk . we cut to newsreel film shot earlier where we catch a glimpse of mona behind the window curtain and jewel shooing off reporter from the front porch . we also see a cut of Ed Earl walk from he car to he office , refuse to talk to the press . gerald ( v.o. ) the sheriff of Gilbert , Ed Earl dodd , refuse interview ; while in Houston the man who launch the - campaign , consumer advocate melvin P. thorpe , hold a press conference this afternoon . we cut to film footage shot in melvin 's studio . melvin I have a report here that say the Chicken ranch be involved with and under the influence of organize crime and I will be take this report to Austin in the hope that the Governor will come out of he long silence on this issue . and uphold the law . after a establish shot of the Austin Capitol , we cut to a press conference in Senator wingwood 's office . gerald ( v.o. ) at the Capitol today , the Governor make no statement , but Senator Charles wingwood , who be a principal figure in the watchdog News raid , also hold a press conference explain he involvement . the Senator nervously read he prepare statement . senator I have no independent recollection of go to the Chicken ranch and I can only say as the most dedicated anti-communist in the state continued w™ 170 #02139 99 continued - 2 170 senator ( cont would ) legislature that I must have be drugge by communist or communist sympathizer and place there to harm my reputation and good name ... so I be now call on every freedom - loving american to call the Governor and have this shameful place shut down . in the town square of Gilbert , Gerald have set up he camera and be about to interview some local citizen . gerald reaction across the state be split fifty / fifty , but in the town of Gilbert itself , the Chicken ranch have many . supporter . we cut to edsel , the newspaper editor . edsel I have never see anything bad come from it and I have live here all my life . it bring in business for the community and they pay tax , same as anyone else . besides , no one ever be force to go up there . we cut to henry , a tough , redneck farmer . henry the Chicken ranch ? I think it 's a good idea . you take a lot of young boy , they be go to be look for woman . if they can not find them , they will rape ‘em , and if they do not do that , they will run to other woman and get disease . that girl go to doctor . we cut to dora , a sweet and proper old lady in town . dora my Frank , when he be alive , use to go up there every Saturday . I take it as a bless . course it be different then . nowadays woman enjoy do that sort of thing themselves -- least that 's what I have be tell . continued 7 '' 170 ~~ 171 172 a #02139 100 continued - 3 170 we cut to Gerald for the wrap -up . he be stand in front of the Gilbert courthouse . gerald although petition be be circulate to ' save the Chicken ranch ' this bumper sticker be already beginning to appear around the state : he hold up a sticker say " pluck the Chicken ranch . " gerald and so , as feminist line up behind the bill for the decriminalization of prostitution already in the legislature and as traditionalist and fundamentalist lobby for its defeat , the fate of the Chicken ranch rest with the Governor , who today be again unavailable for comment . Jeff Gerald , CBS News in Gilbert , Texas . int . study ~ night 171 the little man in the big chair watch the close of the report . he pick up a glass of water and drop in a alka - seltzer . int . chicken ranch - mona' bedroom - night 172 mona have be watch the cronkite report with jewel . she turn it off . they both know the serious trouble they be in . jewel I hate admittin' I be wrong , miss mona , but with television broadcasting this from hell to breakfast , we should have do what the sheriff say and keep this place close . mona it be my decision , jewel . it be my fault . continued om 172 ~~ 173 o~ #02139 101 continued 172 jewel he be not gonna be able to stop it , this time , be he ? mona I think he would probably like to , but he 's out of he league . he do not know how to fight they . he 's just a good old boy that will never grow up . jewel honey , you see everything in this profession , but one thing I be not even see , man or woman , be a grownup . do not be too hard on he . he love you . mona he 's never say it . jewel some man can not say the word , honey , but that do not mean they do not feel it in they heart . mona maybe it 's just as well . I set my course a long time ago and I can not be change now . int . dulcie mae' cafe - night 173 the Mayor , edsel , c.j. and mansel be talk over the problem of the week . Ed Earl be seat at the counter drink a beer with he back towards the other . dulcie mae be listen and watch Ed Earl as the other discuss the situation . mayor well , I do not know what to do anymore . it seem folk get nothing to talk about but this Chicken ranch mess . it 's like a break record : Chicken ranch -- Chicken ranch -- Chicken ranch -- Chicken ranch ! c.j. this bad publicity 's flat ruin business . mayor I have not sell a car all week . continued o~ 173 #02139 continued 102 173 mansel it 's ruin the town . no one 's blame you , Ed Earl . it be not you fault . but we can not just sit around wait to grow tit . edsel the way I see it , the Chicken ranch serve a purpose once , but everything 's open up today . why , we have undergone a worldwide sexual revolution . miss mona 's place be not obscene . it 's just obsolete . c.j . she be not get a handful of supporter leave , Ed Earl . Ali this publicity be make folk think twice about signing that petition to keep she open . mansel why the hell do not that station in Houston turn they camera to the cesspool in they own backyard . edsel or Austin . within two block of the Capitol building you can get anything do to you for money that you can get in tangier ! tongue bath , naked massage , somebody ticklin’ you ass with a feather . c.j . if you know that for a fact , Mr. newspaper editor , it 's you duty to expose it . edsel c.j. , I do not give a damn if folk occasionally want they ass tickle with feather . I would kinda like to think that 's what heaven 's all about . Ed Earl finish he beer and slam it down . he turn around and face they . ed earl boy ! I get myself a pretty good bulishit detector . and after continued be 173 ~~ 174 ao #02139 103 continued - 2 173 ed earl ( cont would ) listen to you I can damn sure tell when somebody 's pee on my boot and tell I it 's a rainstorm . he get up and put on he hat . ed earl this thing have get way out of hand . I do not know how . it just sort of eat I up before I know it be hungry . but I do know there be one thing I can still do . mayor Close it down . ed earl nope . I be go up to Austin and gee the Governor . someone 's get to give he miss mona 's side of this situation , he sure as hell be not go to hear it from anyone in this room . mayor but you can not go up to see the Governor . c.j. he do not see anybody . £d earl he will see I . he open the door and step outside . dulcie mae follow . ext . dulcie mae' cafe ~ night 174 it be chilly . Ed Earl be buttone up he jacket . ed earl I feel like a country dog in the city . if I stand still , they screw I . if I run , they bite I in the ass . she smile in spite of herself . dulcie mae I wish there be something I could do . continued 174 175 176 #02139 104 continued 174 ed earl thanks ... they all want I to close she down . have she leave town . but how can I tell she to leave when all I want she to do be stay . he smile at she sadly and walk across the street to he car . she know that 's the first protestation of love he 's ever make . she have tear in she eye . int . dulcie mae' cafe - night 175 the man be still discuss Ed Earl 's plan . mayor Ed Earl 's a damn fool . driving up to Austin to see the Governor . do not he know that 's hopeless . edsel oh , he know it 's hopeless . c.j. then why be he go ? edsel because that 's what be a Texan be all about . ext . governor's mansion ~- day 176 a group of reporter be stand outside the Governor 's house wait for he to appear . a aide come out and address they like a herald . aide lady and gentleman . his excellency , the Governor of texaaassss ! the aide and entourage clap wildly as the Governor step out the front door to accept the reception . it be the little man that we have see earlier . the Governor beam , wave he cowboy hat and quiet the fanfare as if he be face twelve thousand instead of a dozen . governor mah fren , I want to thank you for that sincere and heartwarming ovation . continued 176 177 #02139 105 continued 176 he walk with he phalanx of aide past the reporter who clamor and call for he attention . female reporter # 1 Governor , what do you think of the explosive situation in the Middle East ? governor I be say just this morning , at the weekly prayer breakfaet in this historic Capitol , that it behoove both the Jews and the a-rab to settle they difference in a Christian manner . the Governor 's aide and other flak applaud as the Governor move towards he limousine wait at the bottom of the step . male reporter # 1 Governor , Governor , sir . have you see the evidence of the disgraceful situation at the Chicken ranch ? ext . governor's mansion - curbside - day 177 the Governor stop at the bottom of the step . he turn to face the reporter and clear he throat . R ( sing ) fellow texans I be proudly stand here to humbly say I assure you and I mean it now who say I do not speak out as plain as day ? and fellow texans I be for progress and the flag , long may it fly . I be a poor boy come to greatness so it follow that I cannot tell a liet he hop into he car and drive off . continued 177 178 179 #02139 106 continued 177 male reporter # 2 what the hell do he say ? female reporter # 1 I do not know . male reporter # 1 same as usual ... all hat and no cattle . '' we pan with the Governor 's limo as it take the short ride across the park to the Capitol . int . limousine - day 17 € the Governor be very pleased with himself . he sit in the backseat and he foot tap out a rhythm on the car floor . governor ( sing ) oooo ! I love to dance the little sidestep now they see I , now they do not I have come and go ... and oo900ce ! I love to sweep around a widestep cut a littie swath and lead the people on . ext . state capitol step ~- day 17 : as the limousine drive up and the Governor step out , another group of reporter be wait for he . he get out of the limousine and walk up the stepe . female reporter # 2 Governor , Governor , do you plan to take action against the Chicken ranch ? the Governor stop and turn to face the crowd . continued 179 180 #02139 continued 107 179 governor ( sing ) now my good friend it behoove I to be solemn and declare I be for goodness and for profit and for live clean and say daily prayer . and now my good friend you can sleep night I will continue to stand tall you can trust I for I promise I shall keep a watchful Eye upon you all . the reporter look bewilder as the Governor disappear into the Capitol . female reporter # 2 do you get any of that ? male reporter # 3 I hear he talkin' , but he do not come in . int . state capitol corridor - day 180 the Governor look out through the glass door at the confuse reporter and chuckle to himself . governor ( sing ) oooo ! I love to dance the little sidestep now they see I , now they do not I have come and go ... and ocoocooo ! I love to sweep around a widestep cut a little swath and lead the people on . tripping the light fantastic , the Governor shuffles inside . 181 182 #02139 108 int . state capitol rotunda - day 181 the Governor dance into the rotunda where melvin thorpe , he camera crew , and a chorus of dogettes with Texas flag be wait for he . melvin Governor , melvin P. thorpe . watchdog News . why have the Chicken ranch operation be so long ignore ? governor beg pardon ? melvin be it true organize crime may be involved ? governor we seem to be have some acoustic problem in here . melvin and be not you worried about possible payoff and bribe ? governor melvin , I be sorry .... melvin enough of this pussyfoot , Governor ! just what be you prepare to do about miss mona and the Chicken ranch ? melvin look around . the Governor have disappear . he look up . the Governor be stand by the railing of the first floor landing . int . state capitol - first floor landing - day 182 the Governor smile at melvin and begin to sing : governor ( sing ) now miss mona I do not know she though I have hear the name , oh yes . . but of course I have no close contact continued 182 183 184 185 #02139 109 continued 182 oy governor ( cont would ) ( sing ) so what she be do , I can only guess but now miss mona she 's a blemish on the face of that good town I be take certain step here opoint to he dance foot ) someone , somewhere 's gonna have to close she down ! int . state capitol ~ rotunda - day 183 the reporter and even melvin be confuse . : female reporter # 3 be that " yes ! or a ' no ?! male reporter # 3 it 's the possible maybe . int . state capitol - upstair corridor - day 184 the Governor pop like a leprechaun back and forth behind the marble pillar as he dazzle we with he footwork . governor ( sing ) oooo ! I love to dance the little sidestep now they see I now they do not I have come and go and ooo0000 ! I love to sweep around a widestep cut a little swath and lead the people on . the Governor dance he final chorus , end with a big finish that usher he into he office as the music end . int . governor's office ~ day 185 the Governor lean against the door and with a sigh of satisfaction wipe the sweat from he brow . he go to he desk as mabel , a plump and proper lady , burst in from he outer office . . , continued ~ 185 #02139 continued 110 185 mabel Governor , I have sheriff dodd from Gilbert wait outside to see you . he 's be here since early this morning and be very insistent . governor swear sheriff dodd ?.. the one on television ? I can not .... eda Earl enter and interrupt . ed earl Governor , you have just get to listen to I ... i know my come here be way out of line but before you go close the Chicken ranch I want you to know the fact . governor , well , I have not make that decision yet . my aide be work .... ed earl the Chicken ranch , Governor , have be in my county since before I be bear . its door have be open '' to soldier and president and farmer and even governor who can remenb ex what a great institution t be . governor no need to bring that up , sheriff . -ed earl I be not threaten you , Governor . you hold the whiphand . whatever you say I be go to do , but think of the people out there . I have know miss mona for twelve year and there 's no finer woman that you will ever meet . the town like she . she never refuse a charity -- the hospital fund , a new swim pool . Hell , she even buy uniform for the Little League so they would not have to play in they blue jeans . continued oo 185 #02139 111 continued - 2 185 governor well , I be not aware of she civic generosity , but the law be the law . ed earl and sometimes it 's get to be change . look , I have be fight crime all my life , but let 's not confuse crime with commit a gin . you can not legislate morality . that girl out there have never cause any trouble . no fight . no dope . no nothing . they be healthy , tax - pay , law -abide citizen who supply a demand and provide a economic asset to the community . governor Ed Earl , you ever think of run for office ? you make that whorehouse sound like a damn non- profit recreational facility . ed earl Governor , if the citizen who ‘elected I have find it necessary to close it for any reason , I would do it . i£ miss mona and she girl be jeopardize the health , wealth or moral scruples of the community , I would do it . if the place have even be just a piddlin ' nuisance , a eyesore , or even a fire hazard , I would close it down . but there 's nothing ! no reason , except the cry of this muckrake sensationalist on television . half a dozen aide rush in . aide here they be , Governor . what you have be wait for . the Governor take the sheet of paper and scan they . he sigh and look over to Ed Earl . continued be «= :185 a 186 ~~ #02139 112 continued - 3 185 governor I be sorry , Ed Earl . the Chicken ranch lose , forty - two to thirty - seven , with twenty - one per cent undecided . ed earl ( confuse ) what be that ? governor the poll ! you can not ask I to go against the poll ! this be what the people want . {to he aide ) be melvin still outside ? maybe I can catch the television camera before they leave . he run to the door and fling it open . ed earl but , Governor , that 's not what my people want . the Governor stop in the doorway and turn to Ed Earl . governor ( decidedly ) the show 's over , sheriff . Close it down ! he run off and he aide follow . Ed Earl be bitterly disappointed . he turn and exit . int . governor's outer office - day 186 mabel , the secretary , step out with he . she have be impressed with he speech . mabel I be sorry , sheriff . you be a good speaker . you could run for office here . continued 186 187 #02139 113 continued 186 Ed Earl put on he hat . ed earl I be think about it , m'am , but I be just a country sheriff . i'11 never be grow up enough to be in politics . he tip he hat to she and walk outside . int . state capitol rotunda - day 187 the Governor have just congratulate melvin on he victory . a march band strike up the song , melvin be hoist on he supporter ' shoulder and be march around the rotunda as everybody sing . the flagwave dogettes fall in line along with other citizen carry sign ( e.g. , " concerned citizen for a Whore - free Society " ) . chorus ( sing ) melvin thorpe have do it once again he 's show he light 's and now we see melvin thorpe have go through thick and thin and lead we all to victory . the Governor look down from the first floor landing and , pleased with he handle of the whole situation , he sing he song in counterpoint with the dogettes . governor ( sing ) oooo ! I love to dance the little sidestep now they see I now they do not I have come and go and oo00000 ! I love to sweep around a widestep cut a little swath and lead the people on . ~~ 188 189 o~ 190 192 ~~ #02139 114 int . state capitol staircase — day 188 Ed Earl walk down the step to the ground floor . he look over at the rotunda where melvin ia get ready for a live broadcast . the dogettes and the band be sing they last celebration chorus . dogettes melvin thorpe have do it once again he 's show he light and now we see melvin thorpe have go through thick and thin and lead we all .... int . state capitol rotunda - day 189 melvin be stand in front of a live camera . he 's about to begin speak when he 's tapped on the shoulder . he turn around . it 's Ed Earl . the sheriff , with one hand , pull off melvin 's wig , grab he by the collar and with a great right punch , smack he in the jaw . melvin go sailing across the polished marble floor and land in the middle of the rotunda , spread - eagle over the Lone Star of Texas . chorus «..to victory . Ed eari walk up to he , drop the wig on he face , step over the inert body , and exit out the front door while a astonished crowd stare in silence . ext . chicken ranch - dusk . 190 from the weather vane shape like a rooster on top of the Chicken ranch roof we look down at the sheriff 's deputy station at the front gate . a few gawker and tourist with camera park by the roadside . deputy Fred walk over to send they away . : int . chicken ranch parlor - dusk 191 the girl be stand around , bored ... some ary they hair , read , practice musical instrument or ballet . Ruby rae come in and go to the window . ruby rae what 's go on out there ? durla nothing much . continued 191 192 #02139 continued 115 191 beatrice the sheriff 's deputy have be shooing off the gawker all day . ruby rae well , I wish the sheriff or the Governor or somebody would make up they mind whether this place be go to be stay open or not . I get to make plan . beatrice I too . I get to think about my future . ruby rae honey , you be sit on you future . durla I suppose we could always go to Vegas . ginger sugar , I have lose a step . Shreveport 's more my speed right now . angel well , at least I will get to spend this Christmas in Dallas with my kid . durla then what . angel then , by God , I be stay home . join the straight life . ruby rae I hear that before . angel no , this time I be gonna make myself like it . besides , I have quit twice before and they say third time 's the charm . int . chicken ranch - mona' bedroom - night 192 mona be at she desk go over she book when shy enter . shy any word , miss mona ? continued 192 193 #02139 116 continued 192 mona no ... my , that 's a pretty outfit . you have blossom into a real lady , shy . shy well , I want tobe like you , miss mona . this place be the only home I have ever have and they girl be the only family . mona I know just how you feel . the phone ring . mona stop talk . shy : look at the phone and excuse herself . shy I will see you later . she close the door behind she . mona pick up the phone . int . sheriff' inner office - night 193 Ed Earl be stand by the side of he desk . it be obviously very difficult for he to be make this call . intercut the conversation . ed earl mona , this be a official call . as the sheriff of lanville County , it 's my duty to .... mona ( interrupt ) get to the point , sheriff . ed earl I have get to close you down . mona I see . how long do we have ? ed earl well , it would be better to do it as soon as possible . mona I understand . continued ~~ 193 oo 194 of #02139 117 continued 193 ed earl look , mona , about the other night . I apologize . I be angry and I lose my temper . mona that 's all right , Ed Earl . I think we both say thing we regret . ed earl be there anything I can do .... mona no , thanks . I think you have do all you could . I will tell my girl . she hang up . Ed Earl put down the phone . he look around he office , pick up he hat , turn out the light and walk out the door . int . chicken ranch MAIN room - night 194 mona come down the stair and walk into the main room where the girl be assemble . mona well , the news have come . I just get a call from the sheriff . we be close down ... immediately and permanently . ruby rae well , Las Vegas here I come . ginger would you believe I be go to miss this old place . I have get in the habit of have a permanent address . eloise damn . I think when the sheriff go up to Austin to speak to the Governor we would get a reprieve . continued ym 194 195 oo 196 = #02139 118 continued 194 mona what do you say ? dawn do not you know about that , miss mona ? eloise he drive up last night . ' the whole town 's talk about the way he fight for you . do not he tell you that ? mona no , he do not . there be tear in she eye . Music creep in as we : dissolve to ext . chicken ranch - day 195 a air of sadness surround the little house . int . chicken ranch - upstair < day 196 the girl be pack they suitcase in they various room and get ready to leave . beatrice ( sing ) hey , maybe I will dye my hair maybe I will move somewhere . eloise maybe I will get a car maybe I will drive so far they will all lose track . ginger I , I will bounce right back . camellia maybe I will sleep real late . dawn maybe I will lose some weight . continued 196 197 198 199 200 #02139 119 continued 196 begonia maybe I will clear my junk . int . chicken ranch - stair - day 197 durla be walk down the stair , follow by mona and the other girl . durla maybe I will just get drunk on apple wine . mona I , I will be just Fine and dandy Lord , it 's like a hard candy Christmas I be barely get through tomorrow but still I will not let sorrow bring I way down . int . chicken ranch parlor = day 198 mona & girl I will be Fine and dandy Lord , it 's like a bard candy Christmas I be barely get through tomorrow but etill I will not let sorrow bring I way down . int . chicken ranch - montage - day 199 during the bridge , we see a montage of some of the girl say they farewell : one packe a last Christmas present ; one put a photo of she boyfriend in she suitcase ; one look out the window for the bus and check she watch ; one take a last look around a empty room and turn off the fan . int . chicken ranch kitchen - day 200 jewel be pack up some pot and pan . . jewel hey , maybe I will learn to sew . continued # 02139 120 200 continued 200 roselee maybe 1I '11 just lie low . taddy jo maybe I will hit the bar . linda lou maybe I will count the star until the dawn . 201 int . chicken ranch courtyard - day 201 four girl be walk across the empty courtyard carry they suitcase to the main house . ruby rae I , I will go on . angel maybe I will settle down . zinnia maybe I will just leave town . petunia maybe I '11 have some fun . 202 ext . chicken ranch porch - day 202 the girl be seat in a tableau around mona and jewel wait for the bus . shy maybe I will meet someone and make he mine . mona I , 1'11 be just Fine and dandy Lord , it 's like a hard candy Christmas I be barely gettin ' through tomorrow but still I will not let sorrow bring I way down continued 202 203 204 205 206 #02139 121 continued mona and girl I will be Fine and dandy Lord , it 's like a hard candy Christmas I be barely gettin ' through tomorrow but still I will not let sorrow bring I way down one girl look up and see the bus come up the road . she look back at the other . they see it , too . mona and girl I will be Fine and dandy Lord , it 's like a hard candy Christmas _ I be barely gettin ' through tomorrow but still I will not let sorrow bring I way down ext . chicken ranch - day the bus arrive in front of the Chicken ranch . a trio of girl I will be fine .... dissolve to ext . chicken ranch - day there be now less girle . shy and ginger I will be fine .... shy kiss mona and leave . dissolve to ext . chicken ranch - day now only jewel and mona be leave . mona wave and say half to herself . mona hey , we be gonna all be fine . ext . chicken ranch - day a long shot of the bus pull away from the Chicken ranch with mona and jewel stand in the doorway . 202 203 204 205 206 207 #02139 122 ext . chicken ranch ~ day 207 it be a cold winter day . the girl have go . jewel be secure the rope around the jukebox in the u- haul trailer attach to miss mona 's car . Ed Earl drive up in the sheriff 's car . he 's in he sheepskin jacket with the collar up . jewel be happy to see hin . jewel hey , sheriff ! ed earl mornin ' , jewel . jewel I be so pleased to gee you . I know you could not let I leave without a sweet good - bye for old porky . ed earl ( smile ) good-bye , jewel . Ed Earl give she a hug . jewel _ good -bye , sheriff . do you hear that some people be plan to get the historical Society to put a marker up out here ? ed earl this little house have see some time . asewel that it have . oh , it 's a bleak day , be not it . I sure hope you come up to the ranch to visit miss mona and I . ed earl maybe I '11 just do that someday . where be she ? jewel Inside . ed earl I see you be keep the old juke . continued 207 208 #02139 123 continued 207 jewel ( laugh ) oh , sheriff , I would not leave without my bell and my box . jewel ring the bell and laugh as Ed Earl go inside . int . chicken ranch - day 208 most of the furniture have be remove or stick off in a corner cover with sheet . Ed Earl walk inside and look around . ' the fan on the ceiling have all stop . he turn as mona come down the stair . they look at each other . they have so much to say it 's very difficult to find the word . mona force a smile . mona the place look kinda funny , do not it . Ben sawtuck buy all the furniture and the fixture . I leave it up to langston downtown to sell the rest . ed earl well , I '11 tell my boy to keep a eye on the place . mona thank they for I , will you ? that reporter and sightseer could have get out of hand if it be not for you deputy down there at the gate . ed earl sure . mona and I want to thank you , Ed Earl , for the protection you give the girl . you do a fine job in a very difficult situation . Ed Earl walk over to she . he pause for a moment . ed earl mona , I swear to God I do not understand how this whole thing happen . it be all so fast . it just seem like yesterday that we ... continued 208 #02139 124 continued 208 mona Ed Earl , the thing to do be put ail this behind you . Quick as you can . ed earl I just can not figure it out . mona look , I make a lotta money , have a few laugh . I dance a bit . now it 's time to pay the fiddler , that 's all . ed earl maybe if I just have not cuss on that damn television . mona it 's over , Ed Earl . please ! she bite she lip to stop from cry . she walk to the window and look out . Ed Earl come and stand behind she . ed earl mona , you have know I now for a long time . you know I better than I know myself . you know how difficult it be for I to say this , but , mona , I love you . I want to marry you . mona turn around '' into he arm . mona oh , Ed Earl , I have love you since I be a sixteen - year - old baby and I will keep on lovin ' you ' till they bury I . they kiss ... lovingly and passionately . mona break away . mona but , listen to I , Ed Earl . I have think about this for a long time now and as much as I would like for it to work , I know deep in my heart it could never be . ed earl mona , do not you hear what I say ? she hush he with she finger on hie lip . continued ~~ 208 209 #02139 125 continued - 2 208 mona I do , my darlin' , but it 's always go to be the way it be . you will always be the sheriff -- and you should be because you be good at you job -- and I will always be ... just what I be . you know it and I know it . it just would not work . ed earl but we can make it work . I do not give a damn what people say , we have get to give it a chance ... please . do not leave . mona ( sing ) if I should stay I would only be in you way and go I '11 go and yet I know that I '11 think of you each step of the way and I will always love you I will always love you . bitter sweet memory I guess that 's all I will be take with I good-bye , oh please do not cry ' Cause we both know that I be not what you need but I will always love you I will always love you . ( talk ) and I hope life will treat you kind and I hope that you have ali that you have ever dream of . ed earl I wish you joy , I wish you happiness but above all this I wish you love I love you , and I will always love you . Ed Earl turn and exit . mona begin to sing , but break down — before the song be finish . mona ( sing ) 1 will always love you I will always love you , I will always love you .... ext . chicken ranch porch ~ day 209 jewel come up to the front porch and speak softly to mona . continued 209 210 211 212 213 214 #02139 126 continued jewel come on , honey . it 's time to go . mona brushes away she tear and exit by jewel , who pull the front door shut . . ext . chicken ranch - day jewel start up the car and drive down the road . mona be sadly sit beside she . int . mona' car - day jewel look into the rearview mirror and see the Chicken ranch recede in the background . she look over at mona who be lose in she own thought . jewel look out ahead and see something that make she smile . she glance over at mona again , then smile some more . ext . chicken ranch front gate - day we pull back from the red light on top of the sheriff 's car and see Ed Earl , with he jacket off and he badge prominently pin to he shirt , step out of the car and walk around to halt the approach vehicle . int . mona' car = day mona look forward and see Ed Earl with he hand raise and a resolute look of authority on he face . despite she tear , she break into a smile . ext . chicken ranch - day - helicopter shot jewel stop the car and we pull back as Ed Earl walk over to mona and open she door . the narrator begin sing and as we swing around and fly higher we see the little house all close and shutter sit forlornly on top of the hill . narrator oh , the little house lay ina Green Texas glade where the tree be as coolin ' as fresh lemonade Soft summer wind have a trace of perfume and a fan be turnin ' in every room . continued 209 210 211 212 213 214 214 #02139 continued 127 214 chorus twenty fane be turnin 's they be turnin' twenty fan be turnin 's in every room fever be a-burnin ' they be burnin ' and they have to have a way to cool down . mona' voice it be just a little old bitty pissant country place .... fade to black end credit the music begin a foot-stompin ' reprise of the song as we flash short cut of highlight from the film . at the end of the credit , mona turn to camera . mona ya will come back now , you hear ? the end 10 . 12 . #02139 the best little whorehouse in TEXAS song '' twenty fan " narrator , boy and Girls " little pissant country place " dolly and the Girls '' sneakin ' around " " gamble either way " '' TEXAS have a whorehouse in it " " fade love " " aggie song " " ed earl' ballad " " sidestep " '' hard candy christmas " " J will always love you " " twenty fan " reprise burt and dolly dolly melvin and dogettes burt and dolly boy and Girls burt Governor dolly and the Girls dolly and burt narrator and the company # 02139 the best little whorehouse in TEXAS new _ act breakdown act one 1 . pre-credit sequence / " twenty fan " / history of whorehouse . 2. credit and " overture . " 3 . introduce Ed Earl in town . 4 . introduce mona / " little bitty pissant country place . " 5 . mona in town . 6 . Ed eari and mona together / " sneakin ' around . " 7 . Mayor give Ed Earl the problem of melvin . Ed Earl make three phone call and leave for Houston . 8 . mona meet shy and sing " gamble either way . " 9 . Ed Earl at tv station / meet melvin / " TEXAS have a whorehouse in it . " song '' twenty fan " '' little bitty pissant country place " " sneakin ' around " '' gamble either way " '' TEXAS have a whorehouse in it " # 02139 new act breakdown act two 1 . mona calm Ed Earl at the Chicken ranch . 2 . Ed Earl confront melvin in the town square and send he run . 3 . Texas bar where they sing " fade Love . " 4 . Lake scene . : 5 . mona and Ed Earl see Ed Earl make a fool of himself on tv . 6 . confrontation with the Mayor and other in Ed Earl 's office . 7 . mona promise Ed ear ] she will close the Chicken ranch . 8 . football game . 9 . " aggie song " from locker room to bus on road , end at Chicken ranch hoedown . 10 . Ed Earl leave dulcie mae 's . 11 . deputy see melvin drive past the town square . 12 . mona at the Chicken ranch , everything quiet . 13 . Ed Earl at home when deputy arrive . 14 . Chicken ranch raid . 15 . mona and Ed Earl have big argument in she room . song " fade love " " aggie song " # 02139 the best little whorehouse in TEXAS _ tse best little eee new_act breakdown oe act three 1 . Ed Earl stay up all night . sing he " ballad . " 2 . '' walter cronkite even News " do wrap - up on Chicken ranch . 3 . mona in she room . 4 . town meeting at dulcie 's Cafe / Ed Earl leave for Austin . 5 . Governor sing " sidestep " at the rotunda / meet with Ed Earl / Ed Earl sock melvin . 6 . the girl bored at the Chicken ranch . 7 . mona in she room get phone call from Ed Earl in he office . 8 . mona tell the girl the bad news . . 9 . the girl pack and ging " hard candy christmas . " 10 . ' the last scene at the Chicken ranch / Ed Earl and mona say good - bye with " I will always love you . " 11 . drive away and reprise '' twenty fan . " song '' gd earl' ballad " '' sidestep " " hard candy christmas " " ] will always love you " '' pwenty fan " reprise