the accountant revised 9.13 by bill dubuque story by dubuque & william producer mark william 310.656.9440 lynette howell 323.654.7800 car horn blare , brake screech . a busy street interrupt . federal agent ( v.o. ) ( faint ; distant ) wait , let I call it in ! mute pop of gunfire . the fast clip of wing tip on pavement , labor breathe , run . fade in : ext . queen sidewalk - day agent Pov -- a quick glance , two large men face - down , dead , fresh blood pool around they head . we partner in front , gun draw , run to the sound of ... gunfire , louder , come from inside the ... ext . raven social club four storey of ugly brick . int . raven social club a unseen gunfight , man shout , run . Chaos . agent Pov -- roll shirt cuff , tremble hand clutch a pistol as its barrel sweep back and forth . the sound of we own frighten breathe . partner ( 0.s. ) fuck this . let 's go . we frighten partner hug a wall , eye the entrance door . partner uh-uh , not I -- partner exit . a shotgun boom . we react , swing we gun to the sound , a stairwell . int . second floor corridor agent Pov -- blood-spatter stain the wall . body . a open door , a room at the end -- frightened man ( 0.s. ) stop ! you be not hearing I . I be not even there ! I do not touch that old man -- a thwack . thump . quiet . agent Pov -- inching along the wall to the doorway , pistol tight against we chest . we fight in vain to control we rapid breathe . ready ... ready ... click . os a .45 cock , loud in we ear , a inch away . we breath stop . fade to black . young boy ( pre - lap v.o. ) ( whisper chant ) Solomon grundy bear on a Monday ... fade in : ext . cabin - day modest . a wrap -around porch ... the quiet shade of a old - growth coastal forest . a government - issue Ford sedan in the small gravel parking lot front the cabin . young boy ( v.o. ) christen on Tuesday , marry on Wednesday ... a newly carve wooden sign protrude from the ground , read '' harbor neuroscience . '' int . cabin - waiting room - day super : brooking Harbor , Oregon 1988 a child 's hand sift quickly through a pile of hundred of puzzle piece , feel , search , discard ... find one . young boy ( 0.s. ) sick on Thursday ... justine , 10 , severely autistic , long tangle hair , sit cross - — legge in a child 's arm chair ... she grunt , squirm , arm flap . a frustrated pretty nurse kneel in front of she , work the child 's ked onto little bare foot . pretty nurse Justine , please , you father want shoe on you . the nurse tie a sneaker , turn , stare at something os . young boy ( 0.s. ) worse on Friday ... a young boy , 10 , glass , kneel on a area rug , work a unseen puzzle . he rock back and forth , back and forth . young boy die on Saturday ... 3. seat in a chair behind he , he little brother , 7 , swing he leg , cast bored eye about the room . autism doc ( v.o. ) yes and no , mar ’am . asperger 's syndrome be a form of autism . Young Boy 's eye ping - pong from the unseen puzzle to the remain piece . he continue to rock , chant . young boy buried on Sunday ... autism doc ( v.o. ) -..- perceive as socially awkward , kid be often label as '' geek '' , '' nerd '' or '' freak . '' most have difficulty understanding non-verbal cue ; gesture , maintain eye contact , touch . as a result many struggle with childhood friendship . as a adult , relationship can be difficult . he may suffer from depression -- young boy that be the end of Solomon grundy . young boy 's father ( v.o. ) he have no friend , just he young brother -- young boy 's mother ( v.o. ) ( near tear ; resentful ) I be sure move from base to base can not help any . Doctor , why all the rock ? Young Boy 's eye flit to the stare nurse , make eye contact for a split second before return to the puzzle . autism doc ( v.o . ) it 's call '' stim . '' short for self-stimulation . he do it to comfort himself . to focus . you and I tap we finger , chew we nail , grind tooth . his be simply more obvious . perfectly natural behavior . Little brother notice nurse stare at he big brother . do not like it , do not like she . young boy Solomon grundy bear on a Monday . the pile of puzzle piece have decrease significantly -- impossibly . he autism doc ( v.o. ) ..- obsessive personality , overly sensitive to light and loud noise . you may find he have highly advanced cognitive skill , math for instance , music . Einstein , Isaac Newton , Picasso and Van gogh be believe to have have asper -- Little brother look at nurse , catch she eye . young boy 's mother ( v.o. ) ( rope 's end ) '' Einstein '' ? you talk like you be glad he have this asperger . autism doc ma'am , you son be a unique , remarkable young man - - young boy' mother who refer to himself in the third person ! it 's embarr -- young boy' father enough . young boy' mother we come to you - - to here , because we hear you specialize in , in ... this . you must have a cure ? a treatment ? drug ? something ? nurse stand , task finish . she give Little brother a sympathy - smile , acknowledgement of a long -suffer sibling . young boy 's father ( v.o. ) be we son capable of live a normal life ? Little brother 's stare burrow into the walk nurse , eye cold , predatory . a malevolent smile slowly form . autism doc ( v.o. ) define normal . nurse 's smile fade . her throat dry , she look away . young boy sick on Thursday , worse on fri-- Young Boy 's eye dart , suddenly alarmed , search the floor , the space around he , anxiety rise , panic . Justine grunt , flap a hand in the direction of a chair , Little brother clue in , follow she eye to a errant puzzle piece . Little brother snag it , hand it to Young Boy . relief . 5. Young Boy snap the piece into place . he cut he eye in Justine 's direction , a small smile of thanks . before he , a complete 1,000 piece puzzle , face down . CUT to : ext . date strip mall - morning parking lot , mostly empty . Kim 's Nails . mandarin Garden chinese food . Al 's laundromat . ZZZ accounting . super : plainfield , IL ... twenty mile South of Chicago ... present day int . Z2 ZZ accounting clean . small . a matronly receptionist sit behind a desk , immerse in a paperback romance novel . frank ( 0.s. ) I know people think farmer make all sort of money , what with food price so high . but between insurance , fertilizer cost ... a nameplate read '' Christian wolff , cpa . '' White shirt , tie , pocket protector , glass -- CHRIS wolff -- 30 , handsome , sit at a desk , rock slightly ; he fixate on the tax form scrolling down a crt monitor . across from he sit frank and dolore rice , 60 , sun - weathered Midwesterner . the rice worry . dolore chance a quick look at she frustrated husband . frank ah , the hell with it . he work the Dekalb hat in he callouse hand . dolore look at Chris , a plea in she eye . Chris avert eye contact . dolore what if -- just temporarily mind you -- we put this year 's tax on we credit card ? Frank exhales , shaking he head , unmanned . dolore put a comforting hand on she husband 's forearm . Chris notice the touch and shift , uncomfortable . he double - click a mouse and the 1040 be replace with streaming video of a storage lot . the rock stop . double-click and the 1040 return . CHRIS ( eye on monitor ) Mrs. Rice ... dolore '' dolore . '' Chris reluctantly make eye contact , double-click . night vision video of a airstream trailer inside a large dark space . sunlight glint off she necklace , catch he eye . CHRIS do you make you necklace ? dolore ? he stare at the homemade necklace , the play of light . dolore raise a hand to she chest , disappointed . dolore that obvious ? a confuse Chris double -click , focus on he monitor . CHRIS we think it 's quite lovely . Frank , think he 's part of the '' we '' , allow a weak smile . she smile politely , not buy it . CHRIS ever sell one ? he double-click , the airstream interior appear . dolore sell ? oh , at church fair now and again , nothing to brag on . why ? CHRIS you may have what the IRS refer to as '' a home - base business . '' sense a life preserver , Frank stir . double-click . tax form . CHRIS when you make you jewelry , what room do you tend to use ? dolore I do not ... just wherever I happen to be , I guess , in front of the tv , at the kitchen table ... Chris fidget , the wait for she to conclude painful . dolore sometimes I 'il spread my bead out in the dining roo -- CHRIS you home be two thousand , three hundred and twenty - five square foot . current IRS code allow we to reduce you taxable income by a percentage of you work space relative to the overall size of you house . dolore / frank ( simultaneously ; confuse ) what ? CHRIS Mr. Rice , what be the approximate size of you dining room ... ( point ) Mrs. Rice 's office . dolore oh , I can not say as I have call it a -- Chris grunt he exasperation . dolore , take aback , look to she husband . see Chris 's play , the farmer straighten . frank at least two -- Chris shake he head , stare at he desktop . frank Three hundred square foot ! Chris settles , adjust he glass . CHRIS let 's discuss you company car . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - day the Capitol ... White House ... lincoln Memorial ... treasury . int . treasury - financial crime division - day marybeth medina , early 30 , Hispanic , attractive , conservative business suit , trail a fast - walk bulldog of a female admin . super : Financial crime enforcement Network ... Department of the treasury 8 . High tech . Glass - wall office . busy . row of desk , shirt / tie wear man , woman in business suit ... speak on phone ... flat - screen monitor ... stream financial data . they approach the alpha-dog corner office . through glass wall she see deputy director ray king , late 5as , fit , crisp white shirt , tie , pace , talk . int . ray king 's corner office the admin deposit a anxious marybeth in the open doorway . Ray glance over , crook a finger at she . she enter . bank president ( v.o. ) ( over speaker phone ; irate ) Mr. King , you have wander so far outside you legal purview ... marybeth fidget , scan the room ; frame headline feature Ray from the Post , Times , Journal . a aura of power . bank president ( v.o . ) as president of Southern trust Bank , I intend to protect my customer 's privacy -- Ray look at she , she meet he gaze , hold it . he pluck the phone from the receiver , speaker kill . ray ( into phone ; control ) stop talk , please . you have a cavalier attitude for the president of a bank with such a piss poor capital cushion . now , I want a record of every transaction abay have have in the last two year ; deposit , withdrawals , cashier check , credit card . Birmingham or bahrain , it 's now treasury business . if I do not have that s.a.r.s in twenty minute my next call 's to marty over at the f.d.i.c. in which I 'il be compare Southern to the Bank of Kabul . ( listen ) no , here 's the threat ; you explain to the press the term '' critically undercapitalized . '' I want what I want . immediately . thank you . he hang up , drop into he chair , study she . ray '' medina . '' be I say that correctly ? '' medina ? '' she move forward , hand outstretch . marybeth yes , sir . it 's a real honor . he make no move to shake , nod at a chair face he desk . marybeth ( withdraw hand ; sit ) if I may , I have read all you case file , deputy director King . he ignore she , turn to he monitor , display text . marybeth impressive work . very . ray marybeth ascension medina . graduate University of Baltimore cum laude with a degree in criminal justice . two year Baltimore p.d. , two at homeland , the last five as a analyst at treasury . ( beat ) you do the heavy lift on healy 's case last month . marybeth ( surprised ; pleased ) well ... I work on it , yes , but agent healy -- ray May be the thickest treasury agent to ever shit between two shoe . ( beat ) that catch my attention . what catch yours ? she hesitates , collect herself , wary of the spotlight . marybeth Higher than normal cash deposit , heavy exchange house clientele ... cross - border wire transfer . the usual unimaginative suspect . ray why have not you apply for promotion to agent ? you be already do the work . marybeth I be good at what I do . I enjoy it . Ray swivel the flat monitor so they can both view it . 10 . ray you be a liar . medina . marybeth Excuse I ? ray ( click mouse ) what a tangle web we weave when first we blah , blah , blah . monitor : a rough teenage marybeth glare in a mug shot . int . ZZZ accounting - day Chris stand by the open door , eye down , the relieved rice leave . the receptionist sit , novel open , wait . frank I mean what I say , you be welcome out to the place anytime . you fish any ? we get a two - acre pond thick with bass and catfish . CHRIS no , we do not fish . sometimes we do a little target practice . frank ( surprised ) Hell , farm 's a perfect spot if you want to do a little plinkin’ . Frank extend a hand which Chris one - pump , release . frank take care , son . Chris produce a smile , weak but sincere . they nod to the receptionist and leave . Chris close the door , watch the couple through the sidelight . ZZZ receptionist my daughter be meeting I for lunch . I think you two would -- CHRIS 's Pov : the rice walk to they car . dolore look over she shoulder , spot Chris , mouth '' thank you . '' he step away from the sidelight . CHRIS we bring -- ZZZ receptionist '' we bring lunch . '' I know . ( sigh ) ( more ) 11 . 222 receptionist ( cont 'd ) you be a odd duck , Christian wolff . int . ray 's office - day marybeth 's mug shot stare sullenly from Ray 's monitor . ray ( 0.s . ) Ward of the state of maryland 's foster care and juvenile detention system from the age of eleven to eighteen . assault and battery , attempt murder , solicitation -- ouch -- weapon charge ... marybeth freeze in she seat ; day , career , life unravel . ray what must it be like to be you ? marybeth that record be seal . ray ( thoughtful ; click mouse ) look over you shoulder , wonder when you past will surface to bite you in the ass . monitor : identify mark photo ... scar across she back , arm , beneath the hairline on she scalp ... a actual size .45 pistol tattoo low on a hip , barrel angle at she crotch . Ray squint , mouse click , crotch and pistol fill the screen . marybeth 's wet eye dart to the window , she redden . tremble hand smooth the hair over a old wound . ray nine millimeter ? marybeth ( stand ; wipe eye ) forty -five . ray ( hard ) you better plant you ass in that seat , young lady . eye shine , she glare at he , a hint of the old marybeth . ray lying on a federal employment application be a felony . I be the only thing stand between you and significant jail time . standoff for a tense beat . she sit . he clear the monitor . 12 . marybeth what do you want ? Ray bend , open a low drawer , retrieve a fat file . he straighten , thump the bulg file on he desk top . ray you like puzzle , marybeth medina ? CUT to : int . ray 's office - day ( moment later ) a grainy photo : four man ; three of Middle - Eastern descent . the fourth , nearly out of the frame , blurry , a caucasian man , 30 , dark hair , glass . ray ( 0.s . ) already enhance . taken in Antwerp three year ago by a undercover interpol agent . they target 's far right . marybeth hold the photo , inspect it as she sit hunch over the opposite side of Ray 's desk . the file open . marybeth ( squinting ) be that -- Zalmay Atta ? ray ( nod ; impressed ) go on ... marybeth ran the large opium pipeline in the world . tye to Karzai 's government , the Taliban ... pakistani tribal elder , he be consider untouchable . ray and now ? she hesitates , mindful of she own situation . marybeth twenty -five to thirty , Red onion state prison . he motion to the file , impatient . ray look at the rest . what do you see ? she flip through the file ... grainy photo of non-smile lethal - look man of various nationality . 13. marybeth I remember most of this arrest . they be huge . ray focus . not all be arrest . she look again . first photo , second , third , fourth ... wait . back to the Antwerp shot . every photo , in the background , the same caucasian man , 30 , glass , dark hair . Chris ? marybeth it 's the same man . Ray 's eye light , pleased , a obsession surfacing . ray '' Lou Carroll . '' for what it 's worth . marybeth Louis ? ray do not matter , it 's a alias . another photo ... asian man in focus . in the background the caucasian man , glass , dark suit , briefcase , walk away . ray Columbia , tel aviv , Hong Kong , even a sighting in Tehran . but all describe the same guy : '' a accountant , '' '' we accountant , '' '' the accountant . '' marybeth '' accountant '' ? what , like '' cpa accountant '' ? you be kid . he gather he thought , the explanation important to he . ray hypothetically . say for a second you be run the sinaloa cartel . marybeth I be joaquin '' Shorty '' guzman . he suppress most of a '' not bad '' smile , roll on . ray the cartel count they cash by weigh it in eighteen wheeler . but one sunny mexican day , you in - house money - scrubber tell you you be thirty million light . ( more ) 14 . ray ( cont 'd ) that money could have be siphon off through half a dozen different leak . so who can you trust to do the forensic accounting , track you steal cash ? deloitte and touche ? h&r block ? ( hold up a photo ) no , you somehow , someway contact a individual capable of walk in cold , un -cook year of book and get out alive . she digest this , the enormity of that feat settling on she . ray recall what object be strung from the mexican side of the paso del norte bridge three year ago ? marybeth half a dozen severe head . ray Shorty G. , plugging leak . leak find by ... he tap a photo on the desk , '' Lou Carroll '' . marybeth ( skeptical ) we think it 's the same person ? this Carroll . ray what you need to know , be I do . marybeth the language barrier alone ... he have have to speak five , maybe six -- ray everybody speak English , it 's the international language of money . marybeth ( flash a photo ; soft ) not in Yemen . ray four agent have work on this . all come away with the same non - conclusion : smoke . do not exist . ( point ) bullshit . I retire in seven month . before I do I want to know who he be . how he do it . who survive this kind of clientele ? the secret this guy have ... ( more ) 15 . ray ( cont 'd ) ( switch gear ) I will not tolerate deception , medina . marybeth no , sir. ( uncertain beat ) what exactly do you want -- ray report directly to I . no other casework , no other treasury personnel involved . enter my office with fact not pet theory , hunch , gut feeling , instinct . at the end of the month one of two thing will have occur ; resolution of this case -- Ray click he mouse , she mug shot pop on the monitor . ray or we will update you photo . ext . CHRIS 's ranch home - sunset Middle -class suburb of cookie-cutter 1970 's rancher . end of a cul - de-sac . a Ford F - 150 pull into a driveway . int . barren two - car garage Chris park the pickup truck in the usual spot . above the other spot , a tow chain hang from a large pulley connect to a rafter-high 4x6 beam . suspend from the chain , what appear to be a tarp - cover transmission . the garage door close . int . CHRIS 's home - night spartan . Disposable . stock photo of stage model family smile out from picture frame . Furniture immaculate . int . kitchen 3 burner , 3 hot skillet . 3 pancake bubble , 3 piece of bacon sizzle , 3 egg fry . Chris , T-shirt and short , open a cabinet . 1 plate , 1 bowl , 1 glass . he take the plate and glass . int . dine NOOK silence . Chris sit at he table , prepare to eat . he blows twice on he finger -- lightly . pick up he fork . 16 . int . CHRIS 's home - bedroom - night Chris , t-shirt and boxer , sit in the center of a queen - size bed , leg extend . he roll a cut - down broom stick up and down scar shin . up. down . his mind elsewhere . CUT to : ext . SMALL back yard - day ( flashback ) Young Boy rage , strain against he Father . the man kneel , strong arm wrap around he son , squeezing , rock . young boy' father fight . that 's it . burn off that energy . burn it . burn it . young boy we do not want to move ! do not want to move ! to move ! Young Boy keens , try in vain to break free . they rock . young boy' father you need to learn how to calm yourself . what work . use it to stay in control . Solomon grundy , bear on a Monday , christen on Tuesday ... ( Young Boy start to calm ) feel the squeeze . the pressure . calm . good boy . Solomon grundy , bear on a Monday , christen on Tuesday - - return to : int . CHRIS 's home - bedroom - night his digital clock roll 10:00 . he suddenly turn to he nightstand . to the prescription bottle : '' zoloft 50 mge . christian wolff ... take 1 pill every night at 10 pm . '' he swallow one dry . int . rice home - day binocular lens Pov -- a fat cantaloupe perch atop a sun - bleach fence post come into focus , a smiley face ink on it . Three post , three smile cantaloupe . frank ( v.o. ) ( chuckle ) somebody 's see too many western . dolore ( v.o. ) leave the boy be already . 17 . frank ( v.o. ) he must be ... what ? a mile out ? not on my best day c-- the cantaloupe silently vaporize in a yellow mist . Three second later , a distant echoing crack . ext . rice farm - day Chris , jeans and sweatshirt , prone position , earplug in . he stare down a leupold scope on a .50 caliber barrett sniper rifle . ka - boom ! the heavy weapon buck . ka - boom ! int . rice home binocular lens Pov -- the last canteloupe explode . a mile of farmland blur by as the lens search , focus : Chris stand at the edge of the timber , gun in hand , stare at the lens . he raise a hand '' good - bye '' , turn . at a window , Frank lower binocular from stunne eye . dolore ( 0.s . ) would not kill you to go out and give he a few pointer , y'know . ext . storage lot security gate - sunset window down , Chris 's pickup idle up to a guard shack . Inside , a bored guard nod toward the truck . guard watcha get there , Mr. wolff ? Chris look in the direction of the nod , consider the fat roll rug lean against the passenger seat . he turn ... CHRIS fifty -caliber sniper rifle inside a eighteenth century turkish rug . the guard give a lazy '' whatever '' smirk . the gate lift . int . CHRIS 's pickup truck - day Chris ease the truck down a wide lane border by storage building . he look right , leave , in he rear view mirror , watch , wary . Chris 's Pov : fifty identical 14 - foot-high overhead door on each side . Hidden between he leg , Chris hold a .357 colt revolver . ext . storage lot - unit - day a close galvanize metal overhead door . 18 . int . storage unit Dark . Interior light glow from the window of a 34 - foot airstream trailer . int . airstream -- series of shot low classical music from mini wall - mount bose speaker . strands of Christmas tree light sparkle along upper blonde wood wall . the lighting diffuse , warm . Home . dine area . a laptop open on the table . a frame renoir hang on a wall . a tiny camera high in a corner . toy hauler area . tie-down leash a confederate wraith motorcycle . a craftsmen tool chest . on wall rack : the Barrett , scope dakota T - 76 , pistol - grip mossberg 12 gauge , kalashnikov with banana clip . int . airstream - bedroom a original '' Star Wars '' light sabre mount on the wall ... on the handle , a signature in black marker : George Lucas . Light from a Tiffany lamp on a bedside nightstand . the bed -- a homemade contraption -- atop a mechanical frame ; a queen mattress curl over on itself lengthwise to form a shape not unlike a hollow out log . Chris tuck inside . Chris lie snug in the bed , study a poster on the opposite wall ; adult face , subtle expression -- surprise , anger , confusion . Joy . Chris mimic joy , put a hand to he mouth , feel he smile . let it fade . he work a remote control and a small motor whir , rotate the bed upward , mattress flatten . on he back now , eye rest on a large frame jackson pollock mount flush to the ceiling . he daydream , lose in chaotic swirl of viscous paint . int . detention CENTER -room - night ( flashback ) dark. small . institutional . bunk beds . bottom bunk , beneath a thin sheet francis silverberg , 80s , bare - chest and frail , instruct . francis ( New York accent ) you be not listen to the inflection . in. flec. tion . I say -- ( stage melancholy ) '' I be another year older , I do not think I will ever get out of this place . '' then you say ...? 19 . in the top bunk , Chris , t-shirt , mull the question . CHRIS you be probably right . francis what ? no ! that 's what you say ? '' you be probably right ? '' CHRIS francis give you age , it 's unlikely two year together . every you 's 11 -- night . francis I give you a phd in black money but can not ... he trail off . silence . Chris consider he friend 's tone . CHRIS you be frustrated . francis ( pleased ; loud ) yes ! yes ! I be frustrated ! excellent ! finally ! Chris smile . a bang on the door . they ignore the intrusion . Francis quiet , turn reflective . francis Friday would have be esther 's and my fiftieth . we be so poor . she could not afford a gown , borrow a blue suit that she cousin wear when she work the cosmetic counter at woolworths . Blue . but as esther like to say -- francis CHRIS '' I be worthy of white . '' '' I be worthy of white . '' Francis laugh ; at the memory , he repetition . Chris smile , pleased to have make Francis laugh . francis Boy , be she worthy . I think it 's why we engagement be so short , my ball be a lovely shade of blue . Chris puzzle by the shade of Francis 's testicles . francis my esther . she have have like you . so very much . Chris consider this for a long beat . 20 . CHRIS why ? francis why what ? CHRIS would she have like we ? Francis recognize the flash of depression , feel for he . francis one day you will see a opportunity to slide out of here . memorize the name I give you ? the number ? CHRIS yes . francis they 'il get you start , give you work . try to find one person to help you , to trust . one . you 'il have to rely on word of mouth , you reputation , for new business . do not try to separate saint from sinner , we be all sinner . people keep secret , number release they ; if the secret be too big , kill you to keep they may be the cost of do business . there 's honor among thief but it help if they know you 'il scorch the Earth if they fuck with you ... remember the mad hatter . CHRIS we remember . Francis pause , he mood soften , reflective . francis try not to make the same mistake I do ; always keep move . get it ? CHRIS yes . francis and you be gonna have to toughen up , learn how to protect yourself . you generation 's too soft . CHRIS we have get that cover . francis ( chuckle ) sure you do . ( more ) 21 . francis ( cont 'd ) we be all just dash on headstone , kid . '' life be live between the number . '' famous Jew ? CHRIS kafka ? francis Francis silverberg , putz ! Miami Beach , 1983 ! eulogize the late great meyer lansky ! Francis howl , shove the bottom of Chris 's bunk . Chris smile . loud banging at the door . guard ( 0.s. ) hey ! light out , in there ! francis hey ! fuck you , out there ! Francis turn on he side , settles in with a sigh . francis ( 0.s. ) I get a new handler today . a little dull . worries I a bit . we will see . g’night , son . Chris concerned . he wear boxer , no sheet , around a ankle : a digital monitor , its red light blink . CHRIS good night , Francis . return to : on the nightstand , Chris 's mobile ring . he sit up , instantly alert . he connect , pause ... CHRIS ( into phone ) go . on the other end of the phone a computer keyboard click . british female ( v.o. ) ( over phone ; flat ) enough with the dramatics . CUT to : int . airstream - dine area ( later ) Chris sit , laptop open on the table . he watch the screen , the image change constantly , rapidly : 22. CHRIS ( into phone ) what about Zurich ? Saudi Arabia ? b&w photo : 1960s m.i.t. Engineering class , one man circle . british female ( v.o. ) ( over phone ; even tone ) the swiss be cheap , they be on a net ninety schedule . Dubai 's one thing but we be too conspicuous in the Kingdom . I vote Chicago . newspaper clipping : 1970 , lamar black , a young silicon Valley greaser in a garage - workshop . CHRIS we be not sure we like it . british female ( v.o. ) there 's a uptick in online chatter . people search for you . CHRIS what people ? polaroid : a small storefront shop : '' creative robotics . '' british female the unfriendly kind . it would be interesting to try a legitimate client for once . no cartel , arm broker , money launderer , assassin . I like safe . I like you safe . CHRIS there 's honor among thief . fortune article / photo : 1980 , lamar and he older sister rita pose with a prototype robot . british female ( v.o. ) there 's honor among Illinois electronics manufacturer . video of clean-room manufacturing . british female ( v.o. ) they 'il pay with a cashier 's check and they be in you current backyard ; no risk of movement . you 'il meet ? photo : Vegas consumer electronics show : steve job and lamar . CHRIS we will meet . 23 . british female ( v.o. ) one last piece of business . youtube : a humvee convoy in Iraq disappear in a massive fireball as a i.e.d. detonate . CHRIS just the renoir . british female ( v.o. ) I do not have a buyer for the renoir . the pollock we can move . will you ever let it go ? Chris quiet , the image on he laptop screen grim . photo : Iraq / Afghanistan war vet lie in hospital bed , face cut , burn , they shorten arm and leg bandage . photo : suture stump of a dozen amputate arms-leg . CNN : a rehab patient 's prosthetic finger pick up a dime . british female ( v.o. ) hello ? Chris look away , focus on the renoir , take comfort in it . CHRIS Drop the price . we could use the deduction . british female ( v.o. ) heavy sigh . go to work you aspie dreamboat . ( disconnect ) ext . creative robotics - day a granite '' creative robotics '' sign on a tree-line campus lead to a large ultra-modern glass structure . the sound of two people walk fast , talk fast ... ed ( v.o. ) bad idea , worse timing . not one of you brother 's better idea . rita ( v.o. ) ( annoyed ; hard ) deep breath , ed. company hire outside auditor every day . int . creative robotics - manufacactur floor electromechanical arm slide computer chip onto circuit board , automated arm solder . 24 . ed ( v.o. ) from pricewaterhouse , rita . Ernst and Young ! what kind of '' auditor '' come recommend by a albanian war criminal ? int . creative robotics - lobby - day Chris , suit and tie , pocket protector , stand compliant , arm outstretch . a security guard wave a metal - detector baton over he . rita ( v.o . ) apparently , the kind who produce result . int . conference room - day rita black , 60 , handsome and edwin '' ed '' chilton , 60 , large , no smile , sit together , face Chris across a large table . rita no c.v.? Project list ? CHRIS no , mar ’‘am . rita client list ? ed ( snort ) anything ? CHRIS newsletter ? ed you have a newsletter ? CHRIS no , sir . rita crack a smile . Chris stare back , parrot the smile . ed uh , Mr. wolff , I half suspect we be waste you time . CHRIS we be certain you be not . ed ( defensive ) and you know this how ? CHRIS we be on the clock . 25 . rita 's smile reach she eye . Chris lift he briefcase onto the table , pop lock , lid . ed ( insincere laughter ) well , shit , I hope we be not waste ours then . ( change tactic ) kidding aside , I think if you see we book you have run for the hill . Chris silently mouth the expression , confuse . ed we have a incredibly complicated accounting system . Chris stir , sense a challenge . a puzzle . ed depreciation schedule on hundred of different item , charge - back , full - time and contract employee , Department of Defense classified account ... a numerical shit-storm -- he 's in . CHRIS we will need you book for each of the last ten year , a complete list of vendor and client for that same period , bank statement and two dry erase board . extra large . it 's all here . Chris pull a sheet of paper from a folder , slide the itemize list to rita . ed whoa now . this be all bring to my attention only last week . a junior cost accountant stick she nose where it do not belong and obviously have no idea what she be look at . lamar 's overreact , there be no miss money ! rita never hurt to be sure . she trap Ed with a confrontational look . CHRIS ( read ; to Ed ) this org chart show you as the cfo for the last fifteen year . ed that 's right . CHRIS the book for the last fifteen . the air be suck from the room . Ed turn hostile . ed well , you be awful goddamn blunt . Chris glance at he , unfaze by Ed 's anger . ed I be lamar Black 's oldest friend . I have be by he side since he be turnin’ out rc robot Radio shack call crap . I would not take a dime without he say so . CHRIS you be angry . ed this be bullshit . rita stare at Chris , hold a hand up to ed. rita you charge a retainer of one hundred thousand plus two and a half percent of all track fund ? Chris maintain eye contact , nod . ed '' tracked ? '' not recover ? CHRIS we be a accountant , not a repo - man . ed ( sotto ; sarcastic ) '' we be a accountant '' ? rita unusual way of make contact with you , Mr. wolff . he blink at she , not reacting to she tone . rita i.t. tell I the address be probably route through Moscow . she study he . nothing . consider she word . 26 . 27 . rita we custom make prosthetics for Mr. haradinaj 's youngest daughter . maybe you be aware -- she lose both leg to a car bomb in kosovo . he tell my brother you be nothing short of supernatural . his word . ( meaningful beat ) tell I , what type of accounting do one do for a former kla warlord want by the hague ? silence . the question hang . Chris look away , then back . CHRIS we do not discuss client business . she stare at he for a beat , satisfied . int . treasury - financial crime div . - day a wall clock read 4:03 , the division hum with activity . at she bullpen desk , marybeth stare at she monitor , scroll through profile of the thug in the accountant file . face flash , word , figure pop : terrorist . hawala . $ 20 million . extortion . $ 45 million . organize crime . smurf . $ 70 million . narcotics kingpin . murder . she push back , anxious , look around the beehive . marybeth 's Pov -- every person busy , on the phone , computer , engage . Ray pace in he office , phone press to the side of he head , give someone hell . pressure . she pull back to she desk , determine . click she mouse , bring up the antwerp photo , locate the accountant . she map he face , slide the digital image to a desktop folder . open she e-mail , type in the '' to '' box : sorkis@dhs.gov . int . creative robotics - prosthetics lab viewing room Chris look through one - way glass as a white - coated doctor work on one of two prosthetic arm on a seat shirtless ( and armless ) man , 20 . the prosthetic be terminator- high - tech . Chris turn as lamar black , 60 , enter the view room . lamar , in khaki pants , plaid shirt , ooze decency , warmth . lamar stand next to Chris , watch the lab . the doctor remove one arm and walk to a side bench . the patient look off - balance without the arm , incomplete . 28 . lamar what do you think that young man be think right now ? Chris watch the man sit on he stool , stare into space . lamar why do I still feel my arm ? how do everything go so wrong so fast ? ( sympathetic beat ) where do I go ? silence as the two study the man . CHRIS ( serious ) can someone please turn up the heat ? lamar grin , turn to Chris , impressed . he extend a hand . lamar Christian wolff , I presume . CHRIS Mr. Black . lamar lamar . int . creative robotics - research and development - day tech manipulate robotic arm , leg , joint . a prosthetic - armed patient pick coin off a table with robotic finger . Chris and lamar walk and talk . lamar be you aware of Creative 's three income stream , Chris ? CHRIS consumer electronics , next generation prosthetics , unmanned military application . the consumer division mature three year ago after twenty - five year as you large producer . now the prosthetics and Department of Defense contract be one and two . lamar ( smile ) do you know why the prosthetics division be increase ? CHRIS Medical advancement . 29 . lamar look at he , wait . CHRIS in Vietnam , the survival rate of a soldier with a catastrophic injury be one in twenty . now , if a i.e.d. hit a convoy in Afghanistan , twelve hour later they be in a hospital in Germany . then there 's a increase in obesity cause a spike in diabete , which often lead to amputation . land - mine proliferation , accident -- lamar stop walk , turn to Chris . lamar you be unusually well inform . Chris blink at lamar , do not respond to the compliment . lamar I never marry . never have kid . this company be my child . I be bless to have a sister ina position to provide start - up capital , but money have never be my motivation . I be not a religious man , Chris , but I can see the hand of God in what we do . we have a social purpose . whatever you need to do you job , you let I know . int . homeland security - tech cubicle - night the sound of someone type fast . super : Department of homeland Security sorkis , a tech , lebanese , 20 , gamer -style , headset on , sit and stare at the center of 3 desk monitor . sorkis ( into phone ; defensive ) it 's a algorithm I design and do not tell I how to do my job . his finger pound the wireless keyboard on he lap . on a side monitor : marybeth 's unsmile face superimpose on a virtual pole dancing stripper . Center monitor : the antwerp photo , be mapped with geometric plane . on the last monitor : call of duty / black ops . 30 . int . treasury - financial crime div . - same empty except for marybeth at she desk , phone to a ear . marybeth ( into phone ; irritate ) why be you run any algorithm , sorkis ? as you can plainly see , I already mapped and smoothe it . all you have to do -- sorkis ( v.0 . ) ( over phone ) I plainly see you fat - finger it with a archaic 3 - D model . and you do not run this through treasury 's data base because ? marybeth because homeland have everybody 's file ; NSA , the Bureau , spook ... we do not have dick around here . sorkis ( v.o. ) do you just say '' di -- she disconnect , stress get to she . int . creative robotics - CHRIS 's office - morning Chris , in a suit , carry a briefcase , step inside a convert conference room . two large dry-erase board fill a wall . line on a long table , tall neat stack of file . a plate of carefully arrange doughnut , napkin , coffee . snoring . Hidden by the file , a woman , 20 , business suit , sit slump forward , head down on the table , sleep . Chris watch she for a beat , unsure how to proceed . CHRIS ( clear throat ) hello ? she shift , she snore slow , stop , start . CHRIS Excuse I ? hello . ma ’am ? nothing . he look at the doorway , no assistance . he study she for a beat . pretty . he gently rock she shoulder . mostly -asleep , she swipe he hand away . 31 . Chris circle , uncomfortable , decide . he lean over , he mouth to a ear , prepare a gentle whisper ... CHRIS ( shout ) good morning ! dana cumming , bolt up . bookish - attractive , wild - eye and drip drool . she get to she foot , unsteady . Chris step back , out of he element . dana ( self -conscious ; groggy ) hello . good morning . I be dana . dana cumming . you be the consultant ? Mr. wolff ? CHRIS Chris . she wipe she mouth , push tangle hair out of she face . dana ( shaking hand ) sorry . Chris , then . I be dana . CHRIS cumming . dana uh-huh . that 's right . Chris remember to smile , glance at the report . dana I make copy of all the file you want . Cross reference they for you alphabetically and by year . maintenance put in the board . CHRIS thank you . awkward . he scan the room , search for a compliment . CHRIS must have take you all night . bleary , she gesture no big deal . silence as he wait , reluctantly scour she face for a clue what to say , do . CHRIS be ... be you ...? dana be I ...? search . for ? you awkward . 32 . CHRIS wait for ... painful . dana CHRIS to ...? we to say ...? CHRIS ( blurt ) what do you want , dana cumming ? dana ( flinch ) oh , Mr. Black think I could be of some help to you . I first spot the miss ... what I think be irregularity , I mean ... ( collect she thought ) some thing just do not make sense -- CHRIS we will find it . dana right . sure . you want to come to ... make you own assessment . his eye bounce around the room and back to she . dana if you would like , if it would be helpful I mean , we could have lunch , and I could answer any question you might have . CHRIS we bring lunch . thanks . dana ( grin ) you have a mouse in you pocket ? CHRIS ( puzzle beat ) no . we do not . dana uh , you say '' we . '' I be just ... ( regroup ) I bring my own lunch , too . okay . well , if you need anything , I be down in account . embarrass , she back out of the room . dana some doughnut there for you . 33. he nod , bounce eye contact , produce a polite smile . dana absolutely no problem . she turn , glad to be leave , exit . he walk to the door , close it , relieved . he turn to the blank board , energy building , eager to get start . int . treasury build - PRESS room Press conference in full swing . cameras , reporter . the secretary of the treasury , 60 , man a podium emblazon with the treasury insignia . flanking he , Ray , and a half - dozen agent . marybeth stand in a crowd at the rear of the room . treasury secretary ( point to a reporter ) yes , helen ? reporter 1 ( stand ) Sir , how do you first discover Al - Qaeda be funnel money into this charitable front ? treasury secretary ( 0.s. ) why do not I turn this over to the head of the task force and the man most responsible for this arrest . Financial crime deputy director , Raymond King . cameras click , reporter shout question . Ray grip the podium top , at ease , in command . the room quiet . ray folk , there 's no mystery here . marybeth 's mobile vibrate inside she purse . ray ( 0.s. ) nothing fancy . just a team effort comprise of long hour of good old - fashioned investigative work . question . the room erupt with shouting reporter . int . treasury build - hall - day marybeth bang out of the Press room , answer she mobile . 34 . marybeth ( into phone ; brusque ) give I something , sorkis . sorkis ( v.0 . ) ( over phone ordinarily I would jump all over -- ( background noise spike ) oh ! God , that give I the heebies every time ! int . homeland security - tech cubicle - same sorkis hide by a cluster of stand tech geek who crowd he cubicle , all stare at he monitor . audio : car tire screech , horn blare . federal agent ( v.o. ) ( at a distance ; shout ) wait , let I call it in ! the group hushed , shocked face . impressed face . intercut marybeth with homeland marybeth ( slow ) who be that ? where be you ? sorkis I match the face in you Antwerp photo to a surveillance video in the nypd database . tech 1 ( awed ; low ) again . play it again . sorkis , headset on , stare at he monitor . all three screen synce for a b&w surveillance video . don ( aka partner ) , a middle - age plain - clothes cop , enter the frame , run across the busy street , gun in hand , towards the raven . he glance back at the camera . end video . sorkis ( into headset ) m.b. , babe , you gotta see this . sorkis double -click he mouse . marybeth ( stop walk ; urgent ) the nypd ? what do you find ? raven footage . taken from across the street , a occasional pass van or truck block the footage . 35 . a slender man in a white shirt -- back to the camera -- walk toward the raven 's entrance . flanking the raven 's double door , two large enforcers . the enforcer exchange glance , push off the building , move to block the man . enforcer 1 extend a arm toward the man . the tech grimace , brace . impossibly fast -- the man grab enforcer 1 's straighten arm , jerk he close , he free hand darting to the big man 's neck ... pivot around he ... a mini - van pass . enforcer 1 sink to he knee , shocked , claw at the steak knife buried in he throat . enforcer 2 fumble desperately under he jacket for a gun . the man close fast . too fast . enforcer 2 bail on the gun , loop a vicious roundhouse . the man duck the swing , come up with sharp jab to the enforcer 's throat , stumble he . enforcer 2 clutches he shattered larynx . the man grip enforcer 2 's head , force he down , snap he own knee up into the enforcer 's face . crunch . os : brake lock , tire screech , horn blare . reaching under the slumping enforcer 's jacket , the man extract a pistol . the body hit the pavement . the man check the gun 's slide for a chamber round . the man move to the door . a brief pause as he push the bridge of he glass up , enter the raven . federal agent ( v.o. ) ( at a distance ; shout ) wait , let I call it in ! from inside the raven , the mute sound of two quick gun shot . silence . and then a full -blown gunfight . marybeth sorkis ! talk to I . what the hell do you have ? sorkis rewind the footage . a mini-van reverse . 36 . sorkis nine dead corleone and a fifty three - point-three percent probability . on the center monitor the killer' face freeze mid-pivot . it could be Chris . sorkis ( 0.s. ) what in God 's name be you into ? ext . london - night skyline of canary wharf . super : London , England int . parking garage - night mostly empty . clip of expensive shoe on concrete . a hedge fund boss - 30 , fit , handsome - walk , press he key fob , a car alarm beep . he frown at a sight os . hedge funder ( sotto ; Brit accent ) Son of a bitch . he reach he reserve spot ; a plain sedan park inch from the driver 's side of he aston Martin . CUT to : int . aston martin hedge funder drag a leg over the center console , fold himself into the driver 's seat just as braxton '' brax '' - 30 , handsome , suit jacket , slack , no tie - slide into the passenger seat , close the door . brax point a suppressor equip .45 at hedge funder . hedge funder fuckin 's great . ( weary ; pull wallet ) I be late , sport , let 's move this along shall we ? I have roughly fifteen hundred on I . ( display a watch ) audemar piguet , forty thousand . the car 's worthless to you , you can not unload a aston Martin . not a one -77 . brax ( american accent ) Daniel simmon , founder , ceo of simmon Capital , third large hedge fund in the U.K. hello. 37 . hedge funder american . shock . I have kidnap insurance , you obviously know that . brax why would I know -- hedge funder you fuck people amaze -- brax 's free hand snake -- slap the man across the face . hedge funder startle by the quickness , power of the strike . brax when you interrupt I I think you be not interested in what I have to say . that or you think what you have to say be more important . which be it ? hedge funder that gun make you feel like a big man do it ? brax rest the gun on the dash , whip he hand , slap hedge funder . the financier gasp , head swivel . hedge funder 's eye water , then focus , blood trickle from a split lip . he glance at the free gun on the dash . brax watch , push the gun a inch closer to the man . brax I be part of a small but potent department of a private security force . we have a client ; a european manufacturing concern . you be short they stock while simultaneously spread false rumor regard the health of the company . the result decline of they stock price have make you million at my client 's expense . they have be force to lay off hundred of employee ; third generation metal - worker . people with family . pension be be render worthless because of you . you 'il stop now . hedge funder which company ? brax shake he head , do not answer . hedge funder look , genius , how do I know who to -- 38 . brax extraordinarily fast -- slap ! -- hedge funder 's head jerk from the shot to the mouth . hard glance at the gun . hedge funder I only mean -- we hold short position on dozen of manufacturer ! hedge funder watch brax edge the .45 closer . brax I suppose if you be spread false information on more than one , you will have to stop short all of they . hedge funder that 's ridiculous , I can not -- slap ! slap ! brax rock he , quick , vicious . hedge funder 's face burn , tear well . he look around for help . brax Security 's not come . they be no longer ambulatory . he stare at brax , try not to look at the gun . fail . brax I be not judge you . do not matter to I how a man make a live . in fact , here 's a stock tip , take the sting out : cln ; coleman company . hundre year old , camp equipment , lantern -- hedge funder I know who -- hedge funder catch himself , clam up . brax let it go . brax they make a wonderful cooler . durable , stylish . Little ice , a few soda , sandwich , keep cold for day . as a kid I would always know when it be time to move when my mom -- who be tighter than bark on a tree -- get out the coleman and start empty the fridge . brax relax , remember . hedge funder use the moment to steal a look at the gun . brax we would take that cooler into the negev Desert for day . ( more ) 39 . brax ( cont 'd ) the man we be with -- shin Bet , the mossad , a few Delta , occasionally jordanian special force -- they bring sniper rifle . but then they be not ten and twelve year old either . brax slide the gun directly in front of hedge funder . brax maybe you be faster . maybe you can find the safety before I take it away from you . hey , maybe the safety 's already off and you can just point and squeeze . or maybe in all the ruckus I pull the shiv tuck into my belt . hedge funder 's eye dart to brax 's waist line . brax plastic composite . undetectable at airport security . surgical sharp but strong enough to punch a hole through the roof of this fancy toy of yours . but maybe I be bluff . decision . hedge funder sink back in he seat , cow . brax Chin up . you make two -hundre ninety - six million last year . ably navigate the hazard of arbitrage , future and commodity market . a success by any standard . ( relax ; lean back ) about a week from now you testicles will descend . you will rationalize you inaction this evening ; tell yourself I catch you off guard , convince yourself you make the only play possible under the circumstance . that thing would be different if we meet on the street . but mainly you will find it hard to live with the fact that you have abandon ten of million base on a stylish threat and the palm of my hand . then you will call you chief trader and tell he to resume you financial mischief . hedge funder lunge for the gun -- freeze -- a short blade at he throat . 40 . brax ( close ; intense ) at which point I 'il materialize out of thin air with a coleman full of ice and a pair of rubber glove . in 1l open you up , dump you bowel on the floor and make a quick hundred grand harvest what 's leave . hedge funder tremble , tear run down he cheek . Michael buble 's voice fill the car -- '' I have get the world on a string , I be sit on a rainbow '' -- brax 's mobile . brax retrieve he phone with he free hand , stare at hedge funder , answer . brax ( into phone ) brax here ... forget it , you know I have a vacation schedule . ( wink at hedge funder ) if I be in and out in twenty - four hour ... e-mail I the usual , and make it o’hare , midway 's a sewer . brax disconnect , pocket the phone . brax I be a avid reader of the Journal . I expect you cooperation to be reflect there . we good ? hedge funder swallow , blade against he Adam 's apple . nod . brax sheathes he knife , collect he gun , exit the car . we hear the sedan start , see through the driver 's window as it pull away . slow . hedge funder hang he head , sob . ext . creative robotics - lake side - day duck paddle across a man-made pond , circle with tree . dana sit on one of two park bench face the water . a insulate carry - all next to she , she eat a yogurt . Chris , sack lunch and thermos in hand , approach the bench . she turn just as he see she , slow . she inch she carry - all closer to she , make room . frustration slide across he face , solitary routine compromise . he beeline for the empty bench , unpack lunch . a awkward beat for dana , then -- dana any progress ? 41 . he half nod , half shrug , then turn from she , blow twice on he fingertip . he unwrap a sandwich , take a bite , watch the duck . he glance at dana , back to the duck . she cut she eye to he then the duck . dana so , how do you get into the whole financial consulting thing ? he swallow , hesitates , then grind out a response . CHRIS accord to Department of Labor statistic , accounting service be among the top growth profession . she nod , unsure how to reply to this odd sterile answer . CHRIS the actuarial science should also continue to see high demand . dana uh ... okay . she spoon some yogurt , hesitates , wait for the customary follow - up question . it do not come . dana I like , I like balance . but I really enjoy find thing . thing that be hide . on purpose . not that I get to doa lot of that -- he sigh , want she to get on with it . dana stop by the sigh , confuse . surely not . dana my father , he be a accountant . have the whole schtick ; little amortization book , green eye-shade -- ( laugh ; back on track ) this dorky pocket protector he -- both suddenly aware of Chris 's pocket protector . he look at it , then to she , unfaze . she stammer -- dana not , not a nice one like yours . that one you have get , that 's really ... something . ( wince ; trail off ) ( more ) 42 . dana ( cont 'd ) he , uh , he talk I into - - encourage , he encourage I . silence for a long beat . the duck quack for scrap . she struggle to fill the dead space . dana I want to study art . at the Art Institute of Chicago . but ... he stop eat he sandwich , look at she . he hold she gaze , for the first time interested . dana '' Art will not pay the mortgage , young lady . '' dad 's taste run more to dog play poker . CHRIS we like dog play poker . dana no , I , I like dog play poker , too , it 's just , you know , it 's not , real art . his blank stare throw she , she abandon she point . dana I take accounting at the University of Chicago . '' where fun go to die . '' they sit in silence for a beat , Chris consider she word , watch the ground . CHRIS why ? dana why what ? CHRIS do fun go to the University of Chicago to die ? she pause , not know if he 's screwing with she or not . dana it 's just a express -- — CHRIS no . we be kid . she redden , laugh , brief eye contact between they , smile . 43. CHRIS why not do what make you happy ? dana ( beat ; rationalize ) we do a lot of good here . Chris nod he understanding . dana my first week , I go down to the prosthetics lab . Mr. Black be work with a man , a boy really , maybe nineteen , twenty top . ( somber beat ) a Marine . skin and bone . both arm amputate at the shoulder . depress , would not eat . he watch she remember , see the emotion rise . dana he put he arm around that boy and say , '' Son , we can build you the fanciest arm you ever see , but if you do not start eat every thing you mother put on you plate I 'il put my foot straight up you a-- CHRIS surface area . she clear she throat , embarrassed , she eye wet . dana pardon ? CHRIS the more surface area for the prosthetics to attach to , the better they work . dana surface area ? what be you -- CHRIS ( enthuse ) the Marine . Mr. Black want he to gain weight in order for he new arm to fit effectively . she stare at he for a dumbfounded beat before zipping she carry - all . she stand , force a tight smile . dana call I if you need anything . he watch she leave . returns to the duck . please . 44 , CHRIS surface area . smart . int . one police plaza - real time crime CENTER - day audio : a gunfight . Men curse in anger , shout in fear . super : one Police Plaza , New York City marybeth , headphone on , listen , absorb by the audio violence . she sit to one side of a desk manned by ... don , 5as -- same guy on video -- stocky , shirt and tie , stare at the spike audio wave on he desk monitor . he tap - tap - tap a pencil on he desk , annoyed , restless . the floor busy . noisy . a mostly male , shirt - and - tie crowd . over she headphone : the gunfire stop , silence . then -- frightened man ( v.o. ) ( over headphone ; static ) stop ! you be not hearing I . I be not even there ! I do not touch that old man -- the audio end . don that 's it . anything else ? she slide the phone off she ear and around she neck . marybeth help I understand . the subject shiv the fir -- don Steak knife . from amighetti 's . catty -corner cross the street . marybeth in front of which you and you partner be park , listen to a bugge raven Social Club . Don nod , stare at he desk , tap - tap - tap he pencil . marybeth unofficial headquarters of the gambino crime family . another nod . 45 . marybeth he kill a second man , take he weapon , enter -- for all intent and purpose , a armed fortress -- and kill another seven man . use they weapon . alone . don that 's what I be tell you . marybeth ( incredulous beat ) who do that ? don not my problem . she can not accept this , open she mouth to say so -- don I work the organize crime Task Force . whoever this guy be , he be not organize crime . it be just he , and he run the table on all we organize criminal . marybeth and you be not a little curio - - don place be a toilet . somebody want to work the flusher , fine by I . marybeth ( tiring of Don ) now , you be a officer of the law . don. and , if I recall the video footage correctly ... armed . he smile to himself , shake he head ... here it come . marybeth you see two man die . watched they assailant arm himself , walk into a building you be surveilling , turn it into the corner butcher shop -- ( blow across she palm ) pull a keyser soze , and all you can think to say be '' fine by I ? '' Don wheel he chair close to she , look around the room , lean in , conspiratorially . she lean in , closer . don ( whisper ) fuck . you . inch apart , they eye lock , neither blink . 46 . don ( low ; intense ) this guy dismantle two mob enforcer -- know murderer -- in under five second . no huffing and puffing . no roll around on the sidewalk . he ble they out and stroll into a de of stone - cold killer like he be the fed- ex guy . he reach into a bottom drawer , pull out a file folder . don I have a wife , agent . Three kid . we drive to Gulf shore every July . not a great life , but it 's mine . he pull a short stack of photo from the file , hold they up to she , one by one : graphic kill shot of raven victim . don Steak knife in the throat . nasal bone in the brain . head -shot . head -shot . head-shot . he stop , stare ... the photo in he hand extra gruesome . don somewhere along the line , get he hand on a cut - down twelve gauge . shuffle the deck , another photo , another dead mobster . don Anthony '' Little tony '' benedetto . acting capo of the family . both orbital ridge splinter . forensics list cause of death as massive blunt force trauma . she look from the photo to Don , puzzle . don kicked he . once . he return the photo to he desk drawer . don so you tell I , treasury barbie : who do that ? he stand , pull a pack of cigarettes from a shirt pocket . don both you and bloomberg can kiss my ass . i’1l be outside . marybeth why do not you pursue this guy ? 47 . don ( dumbfounded ) what exactly do you do over there ? talk to King , you guy shut it down . confused , she watch he leave . int . creative robotics - CHRIS 's office - night open briefcase contain file . laptop . pens. tape . two row of dry-erase marker ; a dozen red , a dozen black . all the ledger open , spread out over the table . Chris stand , bend over a ledger , run he hand quickly down the page , hunt . he flip the page , scan it , faster now ... stop . he rip the page out . Chris stand , stare straight ahead , two marker -- red and black -- in he shirt pocket . adrenaline flow , he roll he sleeve up , undoe a shirt button , tuck he tie in . in he mind , the faint note of music from a hundred different source , disjoint , grow louder . he pull the marker , one in each hand . practice thumb pop the cap . in front of he , two pristine dry-erase board . the music coalesc , a specific beat emerge , swell . series of shot : with two large bold swipe of the black marker he form a accountant 's classic '' T '' account . number and name go up . ambidextrous , credit in black marker , debit in red . a ledger page in one hand , marker clench between tooth , he furiously transcribe figure onto the board . ripped ledger page drift to the floor , accumulate . outside : worker file out , hit the parking lot , head home . the board fill with thousand of number , name . his action energetic , joyous . number stream sideways , up , down , angle . chaos . Chris talk to himself , voice modulate , singsong , fast , slow . happy . CHRIS earning before interest , tax , depreciation . earning before interest . tax. depreciation . tax. depreciation . tax , tax , tax . ragged ledger page tape to the wall . 48 . outside : nightfall . a single office window illuminate . his leave hand connect a board - length red line to a set of figure , the right hand do the same with a black line . he laugh , whip a spend marker across the room , advance on the board , eye it , twist , bend , search for fresh perspective , the way in . loving it . the music build . int . marybeth 's apartment - kitchen - night Kitchen table . unopene bill . half -eaten t.v. dinner . frightened man ( v.o. ) ( over laptop ; static ) stop ! you be not hearing I . I be not even there ! I do not touch that old man -- marybeth t-shirt , jeans , sit at the small table , stare at the screen of a laptop : digital audio signature . she finger -swipe the pad , rewind . digital wave spike to the sound of gunfire , scream . she delete each signature wave , listen to static . nothing . tire , she lean back in she chair , eye close . she do not see the whisp of a audio spike on the monitor . then -- a voice . faint , ghostly . her eye snap open . she bang she chair forward , hit rewind , press the up volume key , hold it . her ear to a tiny speaker ... a voice , barely audible . CUT to : int . marybeth 's apartment - live room she cable she laptop to tall speaker . crank it . a loud hiss . she pace , hand in she hair . anything ! freezes as a whispered chant fill the room -- CHRIS ( v.o. ) Solomon grundy bear on a Monday . int . creative robotics - CHRIS 's office - morning dana stand in the doorway , stare . stun . the dry-erase board ( and a portion of wall ) pack with red and black . thousands upon thousand of number , name . the number collide , flow across the board , some writ large , some small . strangely beautiful . a veritable financial jackson pollock . 49 , Chris stand where both board meet , lose in think , repeatedly circle the sole empty space available . dana ( soft ) Chris ? he turn to she , he unshaven face brighten . CHRIS come take a look ! he 's across the room in a snap , grab she wrist , and half walk , half drag a surprised dana through hundred of strewn ledger page to the board . she look at he hand , he shirt , stain from marker . the destroy annual report . CHRIS it will jump right out at you . she 's confront with indecipherable board . dana ( confuse nod ) uh-huh . he move quickly to the bottom far leave hand side of the board and a circle figure . rap he knuckle on it . CHRIS Creative ten year ago . earning before interest , tax , depreciation . he move right , another circle figure , rap he knuckle . CHRIS nine year ago . sale increase , profit decline . decline ? dana stare at he , at the board . amaze . he move about the board , underline various number . CHRIS no large capital investment drag profit down . no spike in raw material , labor cost , tax . continue to move , rap a third circle , and a fourth . CHRIS eight year ago , seven . sale up , profit up , but not at a comparable rate . X no longer equal y . her eye race , try to keep up but fail . 50 . he slam circle figure on the second board . CHRIS six year ago , five , four , three ! we be make money , but there 's a drain , a slow leak . and -- he hustle the length of both board , underline figure . CHRIS here . it. be . she study the name scrawle near the number . dana Cambridge manufacactur . ( beat ) I have sign that check . CHRIS purchase order authorize by ? dana ed. Mr. chilton . Chris shrug , only mildly interested in Ed , start to speak -- dana but we pay they every quarter . I have see the part . they be electronic assembly for the consumer division . CHRIS you see somebody 's part , probably decoy scrap from Taiwan , juarez . ( tap several figure ) notice anything ? her eye ping - pong - nothing . he hint , tap the second number in a underline figure , a '' 3 . '' she study . he tap again , harder . dana second number in each be a three . CHRIS human error . most people , when ask to pick large number at random , rely on certain pattern . she stare at the board , touch he arm . dana ( smile ; look at he ) I be right ? 51 . momentarily throw by she touch , he recover , step away , struggle to re-establish eye contact , blink . CHRIS we be guess you review income statement from two year ago . you see Cambridge have be pay a amount for part that exceed what Creative be produce at the time . call . no one will answer . dana ( dumbfounded ) I study that ledger for month . it be only one fiscal year . ( beat ) you go through ten . overnight . he move to the center of the board and the empty circle . CHRIS ( excited ) none of this be even the most interesting part of the -- rita ( 0.s. ) ( sharp ) cumming . rita in the room , stare at the board , take aback . rita I believe you be need in whatever area I be pay you to be need in . dana check Chris with a embarrassed glance , head for the door , give rita a apologetic smile on the way out . rita slowly approach the board , look at Chris . rita and ? Chris point to circle figure , quickly add in he head . CHRIS one million , three hundred forty five ... two million , three hundred ninety seven ... four million ... he tick off the remain eight circle as if they be elementary school math , do impossible figure in second . CHRIS twenty million , seven hundred ninety nine thousand . ( uncharacteristic ) and some change . 52 . rita stiffen , nod . rita you best guess ? CHRIS Mr. chilton . she square up to he , confrontational . rita and ? CHRIS you or Mr. Black . she look at he for a beat , the board , turn to go . rita you 'il have a report for I ? he look at she , away , then back , nod . int . ed chilton 's home - bedroom - night Dark . Ed , pajamas and bed-head , shuffles across the large room . in bed , he wife sleep . int . bathroom Ed yawn , stand in front of he toilet , urinate . the sound of he urine stream stop , start , stop . int . bedroom Ed head back to bed . a faint noise outside the room . he stop , listen . int . live room a huge river- stone fireplace anchor the home of a wealthy man . Light from a plasma tv leave on , volume low . Ed , ina long bathrobe , frown at the tv . he kill it , head for the -- int . kitchen Light spill out from a open sub - Zero . Ed rummages in the fridge for a snack . brax ( 0.s. ) ( low ) you 'il have the lemon meringue pie . Ed whirl around , frighten . brax and two thug . 53 . brax waggle the barrel of a silencer - fitte hand - cannon at the interior of the sub Zero . brax and that two bottle of insulin . CUT to : int . kitchen ( later ) group on the kitchen table -- a wedge of lemon pie on a plate , two vial of insulin , a syringe . brax and a nauseous Ed seat at the table , face each other over the pie , medication . thug stand in the bg . brax ( check watch ; low ) I would think you have appreciate be treat like a adult . bile rise in Ed 's throat . brax motion to thug 1 , silent familiar shorthand . thug 1 place a waste - basket next to Ed . the cfo retch into it , recover . brax signal for water . brax you administer a accidental insulin overdose , die with dignity , in the comfort of you home , you wife the beneficiary of , I assume , a generous insurance policy . thug 1 deliver water and a paper towel . Ed take a shaky drink , wipe he mouth . brax I be a master of the suicide scene but we will need the appearance of a accident if you want you wife to collect on the policy . if we lay hand on you you will fight , squeal , she wake up ... ( shrug ) then my hand be tie . one accidental death be just that . two ? I could stage a murder - suicide but you do not fit the profile and quite honestly , sir , I have neither the will nor the inclination to do so . no , I 'il have little choice but to rock and roll a simple home invasion , violate you wife a dozen different way , kill you both and burn this place to the ground . 54 . at the mention of he wife , Ed 's eye well with tear , hand involuntarily plead with the devil in he kitchen . thug 1 ( normal tone ; grin ) any chance I go first , boss ? Ed stifles a sob , cut panicked eye to the kitchen entry . brax turn in he seat , pin thug 1 with a look that radiate menace even in the dim light . thug 1 avert he eye . brax ( back to Ed ) okay , settle down , nobody 's touch you wife . aside from what it would say about I as a person , physiologically it 's a non - starter . no disrespect , I be sure Mrs . Ed float you boat but my taste lean to twenty - year old stripper . ( sincere ) so , I apologize . sometimes I think I say shit just to sample what come out of my mouth . Ed exhales , a grateful smile , chance of a reprieve . no go . brax pull he .45 , use the barrel to push the syringe to within a couple inch of Ed . brax I will , however , park a forty - five in she brainpan . I ho nor my commitment . that 's who I be . a concept you and you sticky finger obviously struggle with . make a decision , sir . realization dawns on Ed , resignation . int . creative robotics - CHRIS 's office - day a maintenance worker , bucket at he foot , dutifully clean number off the wall . the dry-erase board go . Chris stand , stare at the board - less wall . on edge , he puzzle go . lamar ( 0.s. ) why do you do this , son ? Chris turn . lamar stand watch he , he eye red , puffy . CHRIS we be good at it . 55 . lamar nod , consider the response . not convinced . lamar Little doubt about that . he pull a check from he shirt pocket . lamar the balance of you contract . he set it on the table , rub he eye , anxiety building . CHRIS Mr. chilton be dead . and that make you sad . lamar very sad -- CHRIS we have not finish . lamar Ed be a diabetic for the last thirty year . you think he do not know how to check he own blood sugar ? no , whatever unresolved issue remain , my friend be poison enough by they to kill himself . as far as I be concerned whatever he do be forgiven . he extend a hand . Chris look at it , accept , then grip lamar 's forearm with he free hand , force eye contact . CHRIS sir. please . we need to finish . lamar be momentarily take aback , search Chris 's face , then realize the depth of he need . Movement at the door , the two turn . dana stand in the doorway , pale . dana I be sorry , I will come back -- lamar come in , dear . we be finish . he remove himself from Chris 's hold , move to the door . lamar ( sympathetic smile ) Mr. wolff , you be very good . but , I hope we path do not cross again . lamar leave , pause to squeeze dana 's shoulder . 56 . dana ( to Chris ; shake ) I hear what Mr. Black say . do you think it 's true ? that Mr. chilton kill himself ? it , it can not be . CHRIS ( distract ; sincere ) it 's difficult for we to say why people do what they do . dana but , do not it bother you ? CHRIS do not what bother we ? dana that we be somehow , I do not know ... responsible . if I have not -- CHRIS why apologize for the truth ? dana be halt by he apparent indifference , disappointed . dana good-bye , Chris . Chris look at she , search for the right word . she walk out . he stare at the doorway , glance at the empty wall . int . treasury build - ray 's office - day Ray at he desk , transfix by the image on he monitor -- raven surveillance . the raven killer turn -- freeze . marybeth ( 0.s. ) ( excited ) that 's he , that 's the accountant . marybeth sit in she usual chair , face Ray . ray where do you get this ? marybeth ( brace ) a friend at homeland . he hold the Antwerp photo , compare it to the monitor image . 57 . ray ( hesitates ) you speak with the officer in charge ? marybeth seem unhappy in he work . Said to ask you why we stop a investigation into someone who just kill nine man . Ray stand , walk to a tall file cabinet , slide open a middle drawer , finger the folder , pull a age - yellow tabloid-size 1968 life magazine . ray we be investigate the man he kill , not the killer . marybeth the mafia ? he flip through the page as he walk to he desk , fold it open , hand it to she . she read -- marybeth 's Pov : the head : LA cosa nostra . a b&w photo of two older man flanke by a young man , name caption . marybeth ( read ; impressed ) Carlo gambino and meyer lansky . ray the third guy . the third man ; a young Francis , handsome , smile . marybeth '' unidentified man ? '' ray Francis silverberg . he keep the book for the gambino family for forty year . they be do five hundred million tax - free dollar a year . in the sixty . ( beat ) he be treasury property . marybeth how ? ray what 's you mafia i.q? low . she gesture noncommittally , Ray grin , interpret . 58 . ray godfather , goodfella , first two hour of casino ? she smile , off the hook , warming to Ray . ray name Albert anastasia ring a bell ? marybeth vaguely . ray head of murder Incorporated . nickname : the mad hatter , the Lord High executioner . anastasia also run the gambino family before it be the gambino family . his under - boss be Carlo gambino . you see where this be go . marybeth for Albert , poorly . ray anastasia be kill - crazy , paranoid , murder mobster and civilian alike . a liability to the brain run the show -- lucky luciano , meyer lansky -- but too powerful to risk kill . Francis be anastasia 's accountant , cook the book on all he racket ; extortion , loan -shark , gambling , prostitution , right down to expense the shave and haircut Albert treat himself to every other week at the Park Sheraton Hotel . marybeth study Francis 's image ; intelligent , decent . ray anastasia get it in he head that Francis know too much about he operation , arrange to have he clipped by unrecognizable out - of - town hitter . a cash retainer be pay to the patriarca brother out of Boston which Francis dutifully note in he ledger . marybeth listen , absorb . 59 . ray a week later , in the fall of fifty - seven , two mask man walk into the Park Sheraton barbershop and pump six bullet into Albert anastasia . the last word the mad hatter ever hear be -- ( Boston accent ) '' so long , bean counter . '' quote and drop ' r’ supply by the barber who have just obscure anastasia 's face with hot lather . marybeth ( amaze ) they think he be Francis . he switch the hit . ray murder remain unsolve . but nobody ever fuck with Francis silverberg again . gambino take over with Francis as accountant and become the most powerful mobster in New York . lansky and Francis launder money all over the world . then in the spring of 2000 Francis walk into New York 's FBI headquarters , sit down and start talk . the act boss of the family , Big tony benedetto think Francis 's age make he vulnerable to prosecution . order a hit . Francis sniff it out . he be take into protective custody ... she stare at he , absorb . ray ..- give immunity . the Bureau convict Big tony and two dozen other mobster on Francis 's testimony . then the tower come down and everything change . the Patriot Act allow we to detain he indefinitely . f.b.i. farme he out to treasury to develop a link between mob money - launder front and arm shipment to terrorist . marybeth who have he now ? flash to : 60 . int . basement poorly light . cinder - block wall . a blood-smeared nail gun balanced on a see horse . ray ( v.o. ) bureaucracy . paperwork mistake , I do not know . one day he be just process out . Francis , naked from the waist up , slump in a straight - back wooden chair , hand nail to the chair 's arm . blood stream from he scalp and pulped face , the gray hair on he heaving chest matte with sweat , blood . ray ( v.o. ) his fortune go on he wife 's cancer treatment , no family , no friend . no option . Big tony 's kid , Little tony -- real original -- have he in less than four hour . around he , four mobster stand , laugh . a blow torch be light . Francis strain against the nail . cries . return to : marybeth Jesus . ray anyway , with Little tony dead in the raven slaughter , treasury call off the investigation , shut down all wiretaps . buried we fuck up with Francis . tied it off . the story hang in the air , marybeth stare at the life . marybeth name '' Solomon grundy '' mean anything to you ? int . ZZZ accounting - day Chris , unshaven , eye red , sit alone , behind he desk . he stare into space , rock back and forth , think . os a phone ring . receptionist ( 0.s. ) ( sotto ; startle ) oh ! scare I to death . ( into phone ; answer ) ZZZ account . May I help you ? ( listen ) hold please . ( to Chris ; loud ) ( more ) 61 . receptionist ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Mr. wolff ! guy want to know if we handle 401k roll -over . he continue to rock , stare straight ahead . receptionist ( 0.s. ) Mr. wolff ? CHRIS ( subdued ) Monday morning . eight -thirty . receptionist ( 0.s. ) ( to customer ) Sir ? yes , we do . int . CHRIS 's ranch home - basement - night a strobe -a-scope fill the dark room with disorient pulsing light . deafen hard rock play . Chris -- short , no shirt -- hang beneath a overhead I - beam , fingertip curl around the beam 's lip . he rip through pull -up ; upper leg hold parallel to the floor , a cinder block suspend between bare foot . abs contract , vein cord . he be extraordinarily muscle . on he back , beneath a shoulder : a group of three nickel - size starburst scar . eye squeeze shut , he wince in pain . int . bedroom - night the nightstand clock roll 10:01 . a beat . Chris hurry in , soak in sweat . he beeline for he bottle of prozac . he sit on the bed , stop . he consider the bottle , the pill inside . his grip tighten , resentment mount . he roar in frustration , fire the bottle at a wall . the bottle crack open , capsule scatter . he squeeze he head between he forearm , finger lace over he head . he moan , rock back and forth in pain . ext . farm road - day Chris 's pickup slow at a gravel driveway . he wheel in , pass a mailbox read '' rice . '' 62 . ext . rice farm —- day park at the base of a giant sycamore , Chris sit on the open gate of he pickup , sharpie in hand , put the finish touch on the third smiley - face canteloupe . his sharpie trail off mid-smile , mind elsewhere . he lay back . CUT to : int . young boy 's bedroom - night ( flashback ) the room a disaster . a plywood floor , loose carpet nail , fabric remnant , a roll of duct tape . bed overturn . two wooden pole protrude from a wall - mount homemade martial art dummy make from the carpet , bound by duct -tape . Young Boy strike the wooden pole . drenched in sweat , exhaust yet hyper - focus , he quick hand wrap , bloody . Little brother lie on a mattress , read a batman comic . cut he eye to -- they Father step in , survey the mess , he face cloud . little brother do not look at I . young boy' father do I or do I not tell you to take care of you brother ? little brother wrapped he hand do not I ? young boy' father when ? little brother I dunno . coupla hour ago . ( off Father 's look ) maybe longer . young boy' father ( xe : wooden pole ) that we broom ? young boy ( focus ; strike ) we need it . Father look about the ruin room , watch he oldest son . young boy' father Bend you knee . CUT to : 63. ext . farm road - day a dark late - model sedan slow at the Rice mailbox , pull in , gravel pop beneath tire . ext . rice farm - day series of shot : Chris lie in the truck bed , stare up , calculate . CHRIS 's Pov -- the canopy of sycamore leave dance . the music he hear at Creative , fill he mind , but slow , tracking with the leave . a breeze blow , the limb bend , leave swirl , twist , fall . Chris 's eye track leave , right , search for a answer . int . rice home - day the two thug who assist brax with Ed sit at the kitchen table , hunch over plate of apple pie , eat . thug 2 what the hell 's he doin 's out there anyway ? a frighten Frank and dolore sit together at the table . Frank 's mouth swollen , a smudge of blood beneath a nostril . dolore finger the homemade necklace at she throat . thug 1 ( to dolore ; chew ) you . call the book -keeper in . tremble , she search Frank 's face for help ... he nod . dolore ( to thug 1 ; tentative ) he 's too far ... he will not -- thug 1 now . she rise , walk to the door . thug 2 follow , gun draw . ext . front yard dolore stand , shield frighten eye from the sun , look at the timber line . thug 2 close behind she . dolore ( call out ) Christian ! Chris ! 64 . thug 2 ( jab she with he gun ) again . louder . int . rice home a helpless Frank watch he wife out the open door . thug 1 ( grin ; watch dolore ) older woman give I such a hard -- puff ! thug 2 's head disappear , vaporized . his headless body kneel , fall forward . as it hit the ground , the report of a distant rifle crack . thug 1 stunne , a forkful of pie freeze midway to he mouth . ext . under the sycamore Chris coolly stare down the scope on the big barrett .50 caliber balanced on the hood of he pickup . int . rice home thug 1 reel , chair fall . he pull he pistol , angry , scared , confuse . he level the gun at a ducking Frank . frank please ! do not ... ext . front yard dolore stare at the decapitate corpse , horrify . int . rice home thug 1 , unsure of he next move , bolt for the door . he brake hard , point a unsteady gun at dolore . thug 1 get ... get you ass in here ! move ! crying , dolore enter the house . Frank reach she , hold she close . the thug circle , at a loss . he look at the pair , tear dolore scream from Frank . frank stop it ! leave she be . the gunman jam a hand into he pocket rip out car key . he drag she to the open door , peer out at he sedan . 65 . thug 1 ( to dolore ; snarl ) when I say move , you better -- thunk ! boom ! thunk ! boom ! the sedan rock as fifty - caliber slug punch baseball - size hole through the engine block . thug 1 stare in disbelief . the car steam , he retreat cut off . he slam the door shut . thug 1 fuck ! oh , fuck I ! think , think , think . panicked , he swing he gun toward the shrink rice . thug 1 we be all go ! Old man , get out there ! bring you car around to that back window . go , goddammit ! Frank stumble to the door , exit . thug 1 wave he gun at dolore , motion she to he , impatient . he snatch she close , back they to a rear window , eye the open door . thug 1 ( breathless ; furious ) everybody think they be tough with a gun . I get my hand on -- ( open the window ) I ' 1l show that pussy what t-- whoomp ! he 's vacuume out the open window . dolore look around , suddenly alone . the house still . ext . back yard Chris 's arm encircle a prone thug 1 's thick neck . Chris exert pressure , whisper in the terrify big man 's ear . CHRIS say '' yes '' when you hear the name of you employer . practice . thug 1 ( gasp ) y ... yes . CHRIS solntsevskaya bratva . camorra . gambino . juarez cartel . no answer . Chris frown , squeeze , the man purple . CHRIS you have a clear understanding of the rule ? thug 1 gasp , force a small nod . 66 . CHRIS treasury ? thug 1 my pants pocket ... leave . Chris remove a arm , dig into the man 's pocket , come out with a small photo of ... dana . thug 1 do you both . that 's all -- CHRIS if we let you go , will you continue to try to kill we ? thug 1 ( trick question ? ) no? CHRIS okay . Chris release . thug 1 scramble up , suck air . Chris force eye contact . thug 1 misread weakness , pull a spring - load blade , snap it out , lung . Chris snag he wrist , break the arm , sink the blade into the man 's chest . the die man search Chris 's face as he 's ease to the ground . int . CHRIS 's pickup truck ( moving ) - day Chris rocket down a crowded Chicago highway . one hand on the wheel , he hold he mobile sideways , eye the screen : CHRIS ( quick ; into phone ) kill Christian wolff . transfer all domestic account offshore . video-stream of the storage lot . he thumb -wipe the screen : airstream interior . rapid clicking of a computer keyboard . british female ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) current vehicle ? CHRIS f-one-fifty . british female ( v.o. ) virus to triple Z ? the pickup move to the fast - lane shoulder , accelerate . CHRIS wipe everything . 67 . horn from slower traffic . inch from the concrete median . british female ( v.o. ) and. done . in the d-o- T database now . reassigning the license and vin . let 's see , I have '' George boole '' or '' Charles babbage '' in the queue - — he barrel down on a car slow for a toll way , squeeze around . the speedometer peg 90 . he blow through the toll . CHRIS boole . obviously . british female ( v.o. ) silly of I . what else ? CHRIS direction . clicking ebb , resume . british female ( v.o. ) do not . you be too hot . only the trailer . you do not have much time . ext . storage lot - security gate - sunset Chris screech to a stop in front of a startle Guard . security guard whoa ! in a hurry , Mr. wolff ? Chris ignore he , grip the wheel , the muscle in he arm , neck bunch as he stare straight ahead , out the windshield . the security bar lift . fifty yard from he trailer , he life . security guard Mr. wolff ? you al -- Chris explode , shaking the wheel , snarling , scream . CHRIS she be not our problem ! int . dana 's apartment bldg . - lobby - day dana , hair down , jeans and a t-shirt , enter the elevator , carry a bag of grocery , purse over a shoulder . two large men enter the elevator . they move to the rear of the car , push no button . she hug she grocery . the elevator door close . 68. int . hallway dana exit the elevator with a nervous glance over a shoulder . man 1 smile , follow . man 2 stay , hold the elevator . she shift the grocery , anxious , rummages in she purse . man 1 reach under he jacket . Chris barge through a exit door , look down the long hall , sprint . man 2 see Chris , draw a gun . dana pull she key , see Chris run , turn . man 1 level a gun at she . she 's paralyze with fear . Grocery fall . man 1 see Chris , switch target . too late . Chris wrench he gun hand up -- phht ! a silenced round pierce the ceiling . dana futilely try to key she lock , hand shaking . Chris drive he instep down on the inside of man 1's knee , snap the leg ... he gasp in pain ... the gun fall . man 2 race down the hall , gun levele . Chris bend for man 1's gun ... phht ! phht ! shot furrow the floor between he and the weapon . man 2 close fast . Chris straighten , spin a crippled man 1 around to face he partner ... instantly wrap man 1 in a full nelson and drive he down the hall toward man 2 . man 1 scream , he shattered leg bend unnaturally with each step . Chris shield himself , force the man 's head side to side , like a metronome . Fifteen foot apart ... man 1 ( to man 2 ; in agony ) stop ! you will hit -- ten foot apart ... man 2 stop , aim . Chris and he groan partner almost on top of he . the muzzle of he gun track Chris 's head . now -- Chris reverse head motion -- phht ! man 1 drill in the forehead . Chris thrust the dead weight onto man 2 , slamm he into the wall . 69 . man 2 shrug off the corpse , bring up he gun , Chris grab the arm . phht ! phht ! Shots divot drywall . man 2 drive a elbow into Chris 's face , snap he head back . Chris hang onto the gun hand . the gun neutralize , the man fight , all knee and elbow . man 2 use he great weight , drive Chris across the hall , slam the back of he head into the wall . a dog furiously bark from one of the apartment . Chris wrap up man 2 's free arm with he own , tighten he neck muscle and uppercut the top of he head beneath the larger man 's chin , dazing man 2 . Chris follow with a savage head - butt , the man 's nose burst , drive he back . Chris spin he , control the gun hand , the muzzle lining up with man 2 's forehead . man 2 no , wait -- phht ! phht ! Chris double - tap he . fight over . amid spill produce , a nearly craze dana still fumble with she key , focus on open she door . he hesitates , put a hand on she shoulder . she scream . he jerk he hand back . she turn to he , cry . he gather himself , unsettle by she tear , pressured by time -- CHRIS dana . we must go . int . CHRIS 's pickup truck ( moving very fast ) - day Chris drive , dana in the passenger seat . dana ( near hysterics ) no ! I do not need you to protect I ! we be go to the police ! that 's what normal taxpay people do ! slow down ! CHRIS a hour ago , two man try to kill we . Fifteen minute ago , two man try to kill you . Creative be we only common denominator . whoever take that money want we dead . dana ( talk over he ) no , no , no , no , no , no . 70 . CHRIS we have one option ; disappear . dana that 's not a option for I ! I can not just walk out on my life ! CHRIS the police can not protect you from someone who have a extra twenty million dollar at they disposal . dana I think Ed take it ! he be dead ! CHRIS ( on edge ) no one person remove that much . dana ( incredulous ) that bitch ! CHRIS we have not determine that . dana you say '' have . '' CHRIS we do . limit reach , she freak -- dana what the fuck be up with this '' we '' shit ?! what be you - you - you talk about , '' have '' ?! have ! what have ?! he recoil , wince at she volume . CHRIS whoever take the money be put it back . she sink back in the seat , confuse , overwhelm . silence . she glance at he near sleeve , fixate on the blood spot . dana who be they ? that man ? CHRIS ex-military probably . the kind use to soft target . dana Soft ? 71 . Chris glance at she . she get it . dana what will she do now ? CHRIS call the other kind . int . o’hare intl . airport - gate - day brax sit , read the Wall Street Journal . he scan the stock index , locate he target , smile . airport intercom ( v.o. ) Flight 121 to Turks and caico now seating we first class passenger . '' I have get the world on a string , I be sit on a rainbow . get the string around my finger , what a world , what a life . '' CUT to : int . o’hare intl . airport - jetway - day brax stroll , mobile phone to a ear . irritate . brax ( into phone ) since when do accountant become difficult to ventilate ? ( surprised ; amused ) Dead ? Christ , what do he do , hit they with a add machine ? brax listen , slow , grin fade . he stop , he face empty , oblivious to the luggage- tote traveler edging around he . brax give I the client 's number . I want to hear more about this accountant . int . storage unit - day dana stutter -step backward as Chris roll - slam the overhead door down . Dark . Light sneak in from the imperfect seal under and around the big metal door . she follow he to the trailer door . he jerk it open , step up , turn on she . CHRIS you wait here . he disappear inside , the door slam shut on a speechless dana . light pop on within the trailer . 72 . int . airstream - MAIN cabin Chris , in a black fidget , hustle toward he bedroom . int . storage unit nerves fray , dana hug herself , pace , walk to the trailer , look in a window . she resume pace . int . airstream - bedroom Chris slam the door shut , pull a bulg duffel from he closet , dump it onto the bed . int . storage unit dana stop pace , shake she head . this be ridiculous . head for the trailer door . intercut dana and CHRIS Chris unzip the duffel , double - check the content ; clothes , cash , laptop , silencer - equip pistol . dana walk the trailer , scan she surroundings . Christmas tree light , speaker ... he dig a bottle of med out of the duffle , shake it to confirm the amount . she look around , pull open a drawer ; knife , fork , spoon -- loose diamond . she slide the drawer shut . pull the pantry drawer out -- shrink wrap yen , euros , dollar . shove it shut . he glance to the close door , concerned . he rifle a open drawer full of neatly arrange passport . her face press to the port-hole window of the trailer 's toy hauler room . a view of the gun rack , the pistol grip shotgun , kalashnikov , scope dakota . he slip into a clean shirt . a quick look around the room ... take the Light sabre down , hide it in the closet . dana inspect the renoir . be this real ? her fingertip brush the canvas , down , he signature . she recoil , the piece shift slightly . she bang the table , turn -- look down the barrel of a silence 10 mm Glock , Chris on the other end . she freeze . dana ( disintegrate rapidly ) who be you ? he swallow , hesitates for a beat , tear by the desire to rid himself of the intruder in he sanctuary . 73 . CHRIS you should not be in here . he quickly lower the gun , point to the kitchen seat . CHRIS right there ! sit right there ! she sit , he start to leave , turn on she again . CHRIS do not move ! dana my apartment . that two man ... CHRIS we have benefite from military training . he walk , she ignore order and bolt up , follow . dana whose military ?! ( then ; low ) it be nothing for you . he groan , exasperate by she inability to follow direction . CHRIS we do not approve of violence , but when it 's in self defense we call it intelligence . move quickly , he enter . int . airstream - toy hauler Chris move quickly around the motorcycle , dana on he heel . he take the shotgun from the rack . dana that painting , that diamond -- CHRIS payment . he pull open a tool chest drawer ... shotgun shell . he take a box as a increasingly frantic dana watch . dana payment ? for what ? CHRIS service render . 74 . dana what kind of accountant get pay in renoir ?! CHRIS we kind . we like renoir . dana and that gun , why do -- he head back . int . airstream - MAIN cabin Chris motor , dana follow , crowd . his irritation meter redlining , he rub he head with he free hand . CHRIS all tool . all math . ballistics . windage , elevation , velocity , load . he brake -- dana nearly slamm into he -- adjust the renoir . he continue into -- int . airstream - bedroom dana math ? I see , gun do not kill people , math kill people ? Chris work the shotgun and shell into the duffel . CHRIS we can not hit a man with fermat 's last theorem at a thousand yard , so , no , we would say gun kill people . dana sarcasm ? be that sarcasm ? CHRIS no . it be not . dana ( unhinge ; yell ) why aren't you more upset ?! he zip the duffel , turn , give she he full attention . CHRIS it 's the cost of do business . but at this moment we need to move we home to a safe spot . now. decide , dana. ( beat ) be you safer with or without we ? 75 . she gape at he , the painting on the ceiling catch she eye . she look up , stare . he follow she gaze . dana tell I that 's not a original pollock . CHRIS ( confuse by the request ) what be wrong with you ? int . treasury - financial crime div . - night alone , marybeth sit at she desk , stare dry - eye at she monitor . mug shot of dozen of men scroll . Louis '' Lou '' Carroll , lew Carol , Louis karel . she rub she tired face , get nowhere . she tap - tap - tap she fingertip on she desktop . type albert anastasia . Black and white photo circa 1957 : detective in suit / hat take note . at they foot , white sheet cover the face , lower body of a dead anastasia , he bare - chest corpse on the tile floor of a barber shop . the mobster 's lifeless hand inch from a pool of blood . desk phone ring . she jump . pick up . marybeth ( into phone ) marybeth . FBI linguist ( v.o. ) ( over phone ; female ) Ms. medina , tara schneider , FBI Language service . marybeth any luck ? FBI linguist ( v.o. ) interesting audio file . Solomon grundy 's a nursery rhyme , date back to the mid 1800s . you voice have four of the six intonation pattern we use to define american English . marybeth there a '' but '' in there ? FBI linguist ( v.o. ) but , difficult to confirm with a rhyme . out of curiosity , be you subject a trauma victim ? marybeth not that I know . why ? 76 . FBI linguist ( v.o. ) you indicate on you submission this event occur in a high stress environment ? marybeth exceptionally . FBI linguist the verse be repeat a total of four and a half time with zero variation in pitch span , tempo , volume , or articulatory precision . Zero . marybeth and that mean what to I ? FBI linguist we often see this type of repetitive chant in child who have be expose to trauma or person with neurodevelopmental disorder . marybeth '' neurodevelopmental disorder ? '' FBI linguist ( v.o. ) fragile - X syndrome , autism . marybeth hang she head , tired , get nowhere . marybeth american then . FBI linguist ( v.o. ) good luck . she hang up , resume tapping she finger , have a think ... googles '' Lou Carroll '' . nothing . type in '' Louis Carroll . '' '' did you mean lewis carroll ? '' pop up . sigh . double-click . a sketch from Alice in wonderland : the mad hatter , follow by a b&w photo of a slender man , Charles dodgson circa late 1800s , he alias : lewis carroll . text stand out : '' author of alice 's adventure in wonderland . '' '' asperger 's syndrome . '' she click the asperger 's link . page after page of asperger article . she click one . '' rutism spectrum disorder '' pop . marybeth straighten in she chair , attention catch . she click back to Lewis Carroll , scan the text : '' pseudonym , '' '' fictitious name '' . 77 . '' mathematician . '' int . treasury - i.r.s . - night dark. large . cubicle . overhead fluorescent light off . faint footstep . a lone light shine from a cubicle in the middle of the room . SOUND of a adding machine . a male IRS agent , 5as , starch white shirt , tie , flip through a file with one hand , work a add machine with the other . footstep approach . stop . he look up with sink bloodhound eye , a humorless smile . IRS agent ( sarcastic ) and how may the i.r.s. help you ? ext . happy trail rv lot - night Chris 's pickup exit the lot . the airstream park , blend in among two hundred rv . dana ( v.o. ) where do we go from here ? CHRIS ( v.o. ) we get a place for the night . dana ( v.o. ) ( surprised ; self - conscious ) oh . what , like a , a safe-house ? CHRIS ( v.o. ) something like that . ext . peninsula HOTEL - night elegant low - key lighting illuminate its sign . uniform valet front its entrance . int . peninsula HOTEL - check in chic. exclusive . expensive . behind a japanese businessman , Chris , duffel at he foot , stand next to dana . dana ( low ) I can not afford this . 78 . CHRIS '' Travel and Leisure '' give it a 97.5 , the four season a 95.3 . ( pleased beat ) we treat . int . i.r.s. - night marybeth and the IRS agent sit side - by-side behind he desk , stare at he monitor . he work he mouse ... IRS agent in the U.S. , two hundred four man -- last name any standard derivation of Carroll -- report over five hundred thousand dollar in any of the last seven year . marybeth go a million plus . he type in the new specs , hit enter . IRS agent thirty five . ( scroll down ) of that , seven be between the age of twenty - five to forty - five . they both follow the tax form . marybeth of that seven , only one have a income stream that 's cash heavy or can be readily launder . and he -- ( bang the enter key ) die three year ago . the IRS agent lean back , weary . he check he watch . IRS agent '' sometimes it 's useful to know how large you zero be . '' she hand he several sheet of paper . IRS agent what 's this ? marybeth name of the one-hund most famous mathematician . she nod at he to get start . he stare , unmove . IRS agent what 's in it for I ? 79 . marybeth we find he ? I x11 do whatever I can to get you out of here . he squint at the monitor , hand poise over he keyboard . IRS agent first name ? int . peninsula HOTEL - suite - night large . luxurious . stun view of downtown Chicago . a low fire crackle in the fireplace . a sterling silver room - service tray hold the remain of dinner : hamburger , fries , milk - shake in tall glass . in the center of the tray , long -stemm orchid in a vase . dana ( 0.s. ) none of this make sense . why go to the trouble of skim money if you be just go to put it back ? Chris pace , dana sit on a long couch . CHRIS for the last two year , the amount of invoice submit by Cambridge decrease . dana scare of get catch ? CHRIS ( shake he head ) at the same time , sale increase dramatically in the consumer division but no inventory turn . dana price hike ? CHRIS ( frustrated ; irritate ) price of consumer electronics -- go down , not up . down . dana down . sorry . sorry . he sit next to she , rub he leg , think , think . she kick off she shoe , tuck she leg beneath she . she look at he , reluctant to interrupt he thought . 80 . dana that painting ? in you trailer . they be real , be not they ? CHRIS yes . dana the people who pay you with they . they do not buy they at auction . do they ? CHRIS no . she nod , accept . dana by the way ... thank you . his concentration falter , break , he look at she . dana at my apartment . thanks . he nod , interrupt eye contact . dana ( struggle ) how do you ...? you know ... she pantomime fire a gun with she thumb and forefinger . CHRIS we mom leave we when we be ten . Father be a officer in the Army . psychological Operations . bangkok , munich , tel aviv , Jordan . thirty - two home in seventeen year . she watch he stare into the middle distance , remember . CHRIS he worried . he be afraid . dana of ? CHRIS what would happen to we without he . that one day he would not be there for we . so we learn thing . from specialist . he glance at she , then away . open up difficult . 81. CHRIS if we can not master something , can not solve a puzzle ... ( beat ) we have a , a problem . he quick - check she face to gauge a reaction ... she smile . dana when I be a senior ? in high school ? ( out on a limb ) I want a special dress for prom . I know what you be think -- she look at he , face devoid of emotion . dana maybe not . anyway , I tell myself spend a few hundred dollar on some satin bridesmay knockoff I would wear once and to a event I think be silly in the first place -- CHRIS impractical . dana aha ! see ? you get it . but Vera wang on the other hand , she make a black strapless classic you could wear to all sort of future event . CHRIS a investment . dana yes ! where be you when I be in high school ? CHRIS Israel . maybe North Carolina . become accustom to he , she 's back on track . dana only problem ? six hundred dollar they want for that dress ! she wait for the usual empathy face . nothing . dana I do not have it , so -- CHRIS you ask you parent ? dana no , hang on -- 82 . he start to hazard another guess . dana wait . chasten , he wait . she gather herself , dive in . dana blackjack . you know , twenty -one ? he start to question , she see it come -- dana never play a hand . go to the library , check out as many book as I could find on strategy . she stand , enthuse , gesture . dana I turn the naperville North math club into a little Vegas ! I could tell you when to hit , stand , split , re-split , then move on to card count , shuffle tracking , even hole card . she flop down on the couch , close to he . he notice . dana I take my last hundred and eighty - three dollar and drive down to harrah in joliet . she square up to he , he squirm with the nearness of she . dana I know what it mean to obsess , Chris . to want something so entirely it become part of you . CHRIS the dress mean that much to you ? dana it be not about the dress . I want to walk into that gym and have people say '' wow . '' I just , I just want to fit in . you know ? belong . everybody do . they eye meet . he know , understand . dana lose all but twenty buck in ten minute . fed the rest into nickel slot on the way out and win seven hundred dollar . 83 . he smile , he eye dart from she eye to she lip . dana paid for the limo . ( beat ) wore the dress just the one time . CHRIS why only once ? dana never have a reason . in college my idea of fun be quiz bowl , art museum , speed math . not sorority and such . CHRIS speed math ? dana you know , what 's ... ( dream up a number ) two -hundre ninety - eight thousand , five hundred sixty seven time , I do not know ... ninety -two . the goal be to see how fa - - CHRIS twenty -seven million , four hundred sixty eight thousand , one hundred sixty four . she stare at he for a dumbfounded beat . dana that 's so incredibly sexy . she blushes , nervous -laugh , both avoid eye contact . dana I be sorry , I ... how do you do that ? he search for the word , want to share . CHRIS we see it . she wait for the explanation , patient ... CHRIS each number have its own shape . like a musical note . they form pattern . ( thoughtful beat ) we can hear they . a rhythm , a beat . some fast , some slow . all familiar . always there . she 's entrance , draw to he . 84 . dana Chris , why do we come here ? CHRIS ( unconvincing ) they respect we privacy . dana the holiday Inn Express in aurora respects we privacy too . CHRIS we like nice hotel . she start to speak , he cut she off -- CHRIS they be clean , quiet , no one bother we , good water pressure -- ( beat ) we think you would like it . she put a tentative hand on he . he let she . encourage , she touch he face , stroke he cheek . he compel himself to make and keep eye contact . she lean in -- CHRIS crazy Eddie and the Panama Pump . stop . he bolt up , relieved and renew . his puzzle solve . CHRIS crazy Eddie antar ! ran a chain of electronics store on the East Coast back in the ' 80s , crazy Eddie 's . start skim money almost from the day he first store open . dana I be not follow you . CHRIS he deposit million in skimm money into bank account in tel aviv then launder they through panamanian shell company that draft money into he store . dana why ? why would he take it out just to put it back ? CHRIS he start skim and hide like anyone else do , to avoid tax . but after several year , he have a better idea . ( more ) 85 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) as soon as he stop take money he profit margin rise . when the launder fund from Panama hit the book it look like it be raining cash . she stand , turn on by he problem solving , he enthusiasm . dana Public perception . CHRIS ( nod ; smile ) Eddie take the company public at eight dollar a share . a year later it be trading at seventy - five . he put twenty - five million back in and make ten time that . they meet in the center of the room , close . dana rita 's take Creative public . but why would she hire you in the first place if she think you would figure it out ? CHRIS we will ask . dana '' we '' as in you and I ? or ...? ext . marina CITY tower - night the corncob-shape twin tower , sixty - five storey high . int . CHRIS 's pickup truck park a block from the tower . Chris , ear-piece in , alone , glove hand screw a suppressor onto he semi-automatic . british female ( v.o. ) you be really pissing I off , you know that ? leave . Chicago . now . CHRIS if we do not act , dana will die . british female you do not know that . please . CHRIS Francis know it . 86 . int . rita 's apartment - bedroom - night rita , in a nightgown , read glass , sit at a small desk study financial . a slight noise outside the room . she open a drawer on the desk , pull a .38 . she deftly pop the cylinder , check the load , wrist - snap it shut . int . hallway rita thunder down the darken hallway , gun in hand . rita ( loud ; grin ) please , God , let somebody be in my apartment that do not belo -- phht ! a silence round slam into she forehead . she drop . in the darkness , a mobile phone light up as it 's flip open . the owner bring it to he ear . brax . int . lamar 's home - kitchen lamar sit at a granite counter , hum , type on a_ laptop interface with a prosthetic hand . a finger twitches -- his mobile ring . lamar ( into phone ; avuncular ) yes , hello ? brax ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) done , you sick twist . the line goe dead . lamar exhales , return he phone to he pocket , lean on the counter . he cry . softly at first , then , overcome with grief , sob . the tear quickly subside . he clear he eye , wipe he nose . he focus on he laptop , begin to type , tinker with the hand , hum . ext . marina CITY tower - STREET level - night Chris stand on the curb ready to cross the street . he see a man exit the tower , walk fast , stay in the shadow . possible recognition play across Chris 's face . Chris pace the man on the opposite side of the four lane street . traffic pass between they . on the other side , brax walk , he peripheral vision catch Chris 's figure on the opposite sidewalk , behind park car . 87 . brax stop . Chris stop . brax resume he pace , grin to himself . phht ! phht ! -- snap off two no - look round across the street . a car window shatter . alarm sound . he look ... Chris be go . brax pause , impressed with the vanish act . int . rita 's apartment - hallway - night Dark . rita 's lifeless body lie on the floor , eye open , dime - size hole in the forehead . Chris squat next to she , forearm on he leg , gun hold between he knee . he blink back eye contact as he close she lid with a glove hand . IRS agent ( pre - lap v.o. ) ( exhaust ; type ) last one ... wolff , two '' F 's " '' , Christian . her eye close , he look at she face , rise quickly . int . i.r.s. - early morning IRS agent enter the name , stare red -ey at he monitor . at he side , marybeth slump in she chair , list in hand . IRS agent two-hundred forty - five man . four with income over a million . and -- she straighten in she chair , hopeful . IRS agent all over the age of sixty . sorry . she melt , sleep deprive , pressured , at she break point . IRS agent do not you mention that you guy be a accountant ? he highlight two name . she slowly lift she head . IRS agent two Christian wolff 's list they occupation as cpa 's . both make over four-hundred thousand . ( type ) the first Christian wolff own wolff account , 121 south street , Scottsdale , Arizona . ( more ) 88. IRS agent ( cont 'd ) ( type ; enter ) the other Christian wolff -- ( puzzle ) ZZZ account ? wabash way , plainfield , Illinois . not exactly a smart yellow page move . she lurch over he , commandeer he keyboard , pull up google earth , finger pop key . the Earth rotate -- above the U.S. , then Illinois , descend : 2 Z2Z account see from a overhead view . she type , street level view . marybeth 's Pov : Z2Z account . Kim 's Nails . mandarin Garden chinese food . Al 's laundromat . marybeth who file the return for Kim 's Nails , wabash Way , plainfield ? he scoot he chair to a adjacent work station , type . she kneel at he monitor , stare with screen-burn eye . IRS agent ZZZ account . could just be the neighborly -- marybeth mandarin Garden , wabash . IRS agent ZZZ account . Al 's laundromat -- ( type ; beat ) ZZZ account . marybeth ( emotional ) tell I they be all register as partnership . she wait , breath hold . sound of he type ... then quiet . IRS agent ( 0.s. ) every one . manage partner ... Christian wolff . int . financial crime - early morning faint sound of a vacuum cleaner . desert save for a lone clean woman in the bg . Ray , brook bros. suit , stride through he empire , fold Washington Times in one hand , Starbucks in the other . int . financial crime -ray's office Ray , san jacket , lower himself into he chair , start he morning routine . he open the Times , sip he coffee -- 89 . bam ! his door bang open , startling he , spilling coffee . marybeth steam in , clothes wrinkle , circle under she eye . ray Jesus H. Christ , medina ! marybeth Christian wolff ! she circle the desk , slap a list down on he desk . marybeth Christian wolff , last year run $ 447,543 through he accounting firm -- ray slow down . who be Christian wolff ? marybeth the accountant . for the first time , Ray appear off balance , he recover . ray four-forty seven ? no , no , chump change . marybeth ( hover over he ) agreed . but he run another $ 287,765 through Kim 's Nails , $ 345,112 at the mandarin Garden , and -- you will love this -- $ 756,999 through Al 's laundromat . Al 's laundromat ?! be you kid I ? he 's play with we ! Ray skeptically review the list . ray '' ZZZ " , . why -- she straighten , pace , punchy from lack of sleep . marybeth because he do not care about traffic , it 's a front , all this company be in the same strip mall south of Chicago ! '' Christian wolff , '' '' Lou ' Lewis 's Carroll . '' he 's use name of famous mathematician as cover ! ray there be famous mathematician ? ( read ) ( more ) 90 . ray ( cont 'd ) charitable deduction to Harbor neuroscience Institute ? one point five million dollar ? marybeth I do not know , why do this whack job do anything ? ray let I know how that rationale go over with the judge you ask to issue the warrant . marybeth I get he . ray all that 's still less than what ? two million ? and he 's give away almost all of it ? marybeth what if he 's take other mean of payment ... drug maybe -- ray ( warming to it ) diamond . she look at he , expectant . Ray turn it over in he head . ray freshen up fast . we be go to Chicago . move it . she bolt out the door , energize . he drop heavily into he chair , think for a beat , gnaw a thumbnail , wipe at he coffee stain . int . peninsula HOTEL - suite - early morning Chris , jeans and jacket , sit on the edge of a easy chair , rock back and forth . he watch dana sleep . flash to : ext . elementary school playground - day ( flashback ) a dozen kide cluster -- 10 , 11 , 12 year old -- a slap ! bully ( 0.s. ) C ’mon , pussy . Young Boy pick break glass from the ground , stand ... he nose bleed , he face -- — bully , 12 , thick in the chest , brow . 91 . bully not so smart out here be you ? bully slap Young Boy in the side of the head . Young Boy try to side -step , walk away . a second bully block he way , herd he back . bully how ' bout some of that '' we '' and '' we '' , huh ? I can not get enough of you batshit weirdness . little brother ( 0.s. ) he 's not weird . knot of kid part as Little brother step in , pass bully and stand with he older brother . little brother and he 's not gonna hit you because he promise we father he would not . bully guess you old man 's as big a fag as he be . little brother yeah , that 's not it . see he break a kid 's skull in Berlin . Young Boy put he break glass on , blink . little brother put a grow - up in the hospital in Thailand . ( to Young Boy ) Thailand ? Young Boy wipe he nose , glance up , avert he eye . little brother ( to bully ) let 's call it Thailand . bully rotate he shoulder , prepare to brawl . bully let 's see what he 's get . Little brother smile , turn to he brother . the world reduce to the two of they . little brother it 's never go to change . you know that , do not you ? Young Boy look at he young brother , eye contact easy . 92 . little brother ( to bully ) in Vietnam I watch a murder of crow -- that 's a '' flock '' to you illiterate -- surround a lamb . then the meanest crow peck out the little lamb 's eye . the lamb go into shock , laid down , and the crow eat it alive . the crowd of child exchange uneasy look . bully so now I be a crow pick on you little lamb brother ? Little brother lunge forward , spear a thumb into one of bully 's eye . bully scream , the crowd flinch , shrink back . Little brother whip he other thumb into the kid 's remain eye as the bully drop , cry . child scatter . Little brother straddle the prone bully , grab a fistful of hair . a bloody fist cocked , lip curl , he hiss -- little brother no , motherfucker , I be the crow , you be the lamb . he punch , savage , little arm like a piston . he glance up at he older brother . little brother it suck , but sooner or later , everybody hate different . Little brother continue he work . Young Boy 's eye well with tear , he gaze through break lense , watch alarmed teacher sprint towards they . return to : Chris 's rock slow , stop . a yearn in he eye , sadness . CUT to : Chris carefully place a fold sheet of paper next to a sleep dana . gently touch she face . touches he finger to he own face . he take a long last look at she . int . peninsula HOTEL - suite - morning dana sit on the side of the bed , eye red , open sheet of paper in hand . she stare straight ahead ... at nothing . 93 . written on the sheet of paper : '' I be leave . Goodbye dana . '' int . CHRIS 's ranch home - day marybeth snap on a pair of latex glove , hold a wrinkle pair out to Ray . he shake he head , scope the room . ray wo not matter . Three FBI agent wear FBI jacket and latex glove , roam . ray thanks for tie it down , Pat . FBI agent-in-charge we have be here twenty minute , might as well be twenty hour . marybeth Computers ? FBI agent-in-charge ( shake he head ) no bill , magazine , tv , dirty dish . if somebody do live here , they have get no reason to come back . Ray wander , look around , pensive . marybeth phone ? FBI agent-in-charge Works . registered to Christian wolff . phone company have no record of outgo or income call , not even tele - marketer . FBI agent 1 ( 0.s. ) ( loud ; from the kitchen ) in here . int . kitchen velcro separate . FBI agent 1 carefully retrieve a pistol from the open cupboard . Agents watch . FBI agent 1 - 357 colt python . serial number go . agent 1 flip the cylinder open , look . FBI agent 1 hydra - shok magnum . 94 , marybeth look at Ray . he seem in a trance , ignore the gun , fascinate by the cabinet 's spare content . ext . CHRIS 's ranch home - day Ray and marybeth survey the property . he turn to the common ground , the wood beyond . marybeth this be we guy . ray why would a man who 's be up to he elbow in cash , live here ? the automatic garage door lift . int . garage the agent file in , look around . the space bare but for -- the tarp - cover object suspend from the rafter beam . marybeth it 's the smart move . give he clientele , he figure blend in will extend he shelf life . Ray jerk a thumb over a shoulder toward the common ground . ray the wood would bother I . no protection if -- a agent pull off the tarp : a huge 6 - barrel mini - gun suspend in mid-air , point at Ray and marybeth . FBI agent-in-charge jesusmaryandjoseph . agent 2 push the heavy gun . it glide smoothly across the garage , link of 7.62 mm ammo uncoil , trail behind . ray do not see that every day . ext . wood ( edge ) - day a prone sniper 1 blend with brush , eye to he rifle scope . his Pov : Lake Michigan frame a isolate glass and brush - steel mansion . sniper 1 ( into earpiece ) nope , all clear . 95 . ext . lamar 's boat house - day sniper 2 set up behind a tarp cover boat , scope the rear of the estate . merc leader ( v.o. ) ( over earpiece ) Bobby ? sniper 2 ( into earpiece ) nothing but blue sky , boss . int . live room soaring vault cathedral ceiling , floor to ceiling window . merc leader grin , glance at a anxious lamar stare out a picture window . four other merc lounge on furniture , load clip , work slide on suppressor - equip pistol . merc leader ( into earpiece ) he will wait for night . if at all . ( disconnect ) gotta tell ya , brax . you call surprised I . after we little dustup in Tikrit , I kinda think you have be gunnin’ for we . brax aim a remote at a high - end stereo system , music change , classical , advertisement , country , rock . brax who know what remain of the day ? lamar he 's only a accountant . you should be watch he home . brax I recommend you leave the country . you decline . a angry frighten lamar turn on brax . lamar he 's a number-cruncher ! he turn back to the window , regretful , frustrated . lamar I could see it in he eye . the freak be not go to let it go . brax tense at '' freak '' , turn the music off . 96 . int . CHRIS 's ranch home - live room - day a frustrated marybeth lean against the couch , think . FBI agent-in-charge ( 0.s. ) no problem , Ray . os the front door shut . Ray enter the room , drop onto the couch , exhales . ray I be old ten year ago . Ray slouches , loosen he tie , kick he shoe off , put he foot up on the coffee table . his aura dim . ray what 's you story , medina ? marybeth you know my story . ray I know what the court say . marybeth hypothetically ? he nod , patient . a long beat , a painful memory . she sit . marybeth I be a soldier in a Baltimore street crew . at seventeen I might have pistol - whipped my sister 's hypothetical pimp within a inch of he life . somehow he wound up in the trunk of my hypothetical car . I keep he there for three day . tension in the air , silence for a beat . ray regret it ? marybeth only that I do it in the parking lot of a 7 - eleven with function security camera . Ray do not respond , wait for the real answer . marybeth my sister 's now a dental hygienist in annapolis . married , three kid . no , I do not regret it . ray that 's a rough hypothetical . 97 . enough . she turn a cold stare on he , cut he string . marybeth with all due respect , deputy director King ... what the fuck do you know about rough ? ray well , hell , marybeth , you tell I -- ext . raven social club - day ( flashback ) horn honk , brake screech . federal agent ( 0.s. ) ( at a distance ; shout ) wait , let I call it in ! mute pop of gunfire . fast footfalls on the pavement . gun draw , back to we , two man run , pass two dead thug on the sidewalk , pool blood . int . raven social club ( flashback ) loud gunfire . a fear-stricken Don grip he gun , look across the hall at he back - up -- ray king . Ray lick he lip , advance . don ( 0.s. ) fuck this . let 's go . Ray look , see a terrify Don eyeing the entrance door . don uh-uh , not I -- Don exit . boom ! a shotgun blast . Ray automatically swivel to the sound , both hand grasp a unsteady gun hold in front of he . a warren of room . Don hesitates , consider follow , but instead run for the entrance door . Ray look up . from the second floor shout of panicked men , running . ray ( v.o. ) I have no business be in there . he approach a doorway , swallow hard . int . raven - ground floor ( flashback ) Ray sweep the room with he pistol . early elk 's Lodge , small bar , a few table . stop on -- 98 . ray ( v.o. ) put I in that 7 - eleven of yours with a cherry slurpee and a stack of one bleach to look like fives ... I be hell on wheel . a mobster sit on the floor , back to the bar , head loll to the side , two bullet hole in he face . from the second floor a pump shotgun boom and reload . automatic gunfire respond . Ray spot a staircase . ray ( v.o. ) ( sober ) not in there . not with people like that . like he . int . second floor ( flashback ) no gunfire . no cursing . only unsettle quiet . Ray advance down the dim hall . sweating , hand tremble , shoulder aching , labor breath loud in he ear . blood-spatter spiderweb the wall on both side . Dead mobster litter the floor . Ray gasp , startle . at he foot , a dying mobster with a gape chest wound grip Ray 's pant cuff . dying mobster ( weak rasp ) please . help ... Ray jerk the leg free , wipe flop -sweat from he eye . from a room at the end of the corridor ... a desperate , frighten voice . benedetto ( 0.s. ) stop ! you be not hearing I . I be not even there ! I do not touch that old man -- sound of a thwack . a thump . quiet . ray ( v.o. ) Little tony benedetto . I have be sit in a cramped van for six month listen to the arrogant son of a bitch belch , fart , and brag . ( beat ) do not recognize he voice with all the fear in it . 99 , Ray inch along the wall to the doorway , pistol tight against he chest . he lick dry lip , tense , ready ... click . a .45 cock . Ray freeze . a barrel press against the back of he head . he squeeze he eye shut . open they . CHRIS ( 0.s. ) ( wounded ; whisper ) you name ? ray ( tremble ; hoarse ) ray. Raymond King . os the faint sound of police siren . CHRIS ( 0.s. ) who employ you , Raymond King ? a fat drop of Chris 's blood hit the thin industrial carpet . ray I ... I be a treasury agent . CHRIS ( 0.s . ) be you a good one ? ray not particularly . no. CHRIS ( 0.s. ) be that it ? ray I be marry . be marry . the barrel dig into Ray 's skull . ray ( desperate ; emotional ) a dad , I be a dad . I have two kid . CHRIS grown ? Ray choke back a involuntary sob , nod slightly . ray yes . they be all , all grow up . another drop of blood add to a spread carpet stain . CHRIS ( 0.s. ) be you a good dad ? Ray King ? he blink back tear , sure of death . he remember , smile . 100 . ray yeah . yeah , I have be a good dad . be a lousy agent and , and a weak man , but that ... that I do not screw up . that I do right . the siren louder . closer . Ray wait . death or a question . seem like a eternity , but ... nothing . he turn , the hallway empty of life . he slide down the wall , a pant leg stain with urine , still hold he gun . he put he face in he hand , cry with relief . return to : marybeth gape at Ray , a question in she eye . ray suppose you be a treasury agent in the twilight of a spectacularly dismal career ... flash to : int . 7 - eleven - day a microwave cook a breakfast burrito . a unshaven , wrinkle - shirt Ray hold a five dollar bill up to the overhead fluorescent light , study it . ray ( v.o. ) you tell yourself you be justify two fail marriage and a fondness for malt liquor by do the least possible amount of work necessary to hang onto you pension . but that 's not true . the reality be , you lack both talent and ambition . flash to : int . treasury conference room windowless , dingy . Francis sit at a long oblong table , talk , do he best to explain . he pause , worried . ray ( v.o. ) then one day ... that break you should have be look for . sitting opposite Francis , a uninterested Ray put pencil to paper , nod he understanding , doodle . 101 . ray ( v.o. ) make the new handler for a asset that could turn you career around if only you have listen . you do not . flash to : ext . CITY bus stop - day a numb Francis wear a date suit . he stand , wait , cheap suitcase by he foot . the bus pull up . ray ( v.o. ) you recommend he be release . maybe even believe you be do he a favor . you be not . flash to : int . morgue a coroner pull back a sheet , avert he eye from a unseen corpse . a ashen Ray stare down . the sheet return . one of Francis 's ruin hand be expose . Ray 's eye shine , he take the hand in he , gently tuck it beneath the sheet . ray ( v.o. ) ( emotion rise ) so you volunteer for a joint task force , sit in a hot stinking surveillance van for month and wait for a shred of evidence to use against the old man 's killer . flash to : int . surveillance van - day Ray and Don sit , the cramped space full of electronics . visible through the windshield , CHRIS walk by , unnotice . ray ( v.o. ) hardest thing to accept ? after all that ? if Don have not charge in like a idiot , I would not have have the ball to step foot in the place . I be in the wrong place , wrong time . change my life . flash to : int . raven - day Ray advance down the raven 's corpse-strewn corridor . 102 . ray ( v.o. ) two month later , a call . out of the blue . I x11 never forget the voice . flash to : int . ray 's cubicle - day the space tiny , fit for a bottom - feeder . a rheumy - eye unshaven Ray answer the phone . british female ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) do you like puzzle , Raymond King ? return to : int . CHRIS 's ranch home - live room - day a speechless marybeth watch Ray wrap it up . ray tell I she work for the accountant . that a shipping container pack with chinese national be pass through the Port of New York . four month later , one ton of uncut juarez cartel product be enter Miami . so on , so forth . she lean back , overwhelm , at a loss . marybeth all that case you put together . the legend of Ray King . ray smoke . he do not exist . marybeth who be he , this '' accountant '' ? ray a.p. Hood , no middle name . american , thirty - one year old . we sprung he from Leavenworth maximum security . marybeth the military prison ? ray he be with the combat application Group out of Ft. bragg . Hood 's a math savant , speak Arabic , five or six other . ( more ) 103 . ray ( cont 'd ) he be assign rendition work at black site in Europe until he nearly beat a over - eager CIA interrogator to death and go awol . we requisition he to track Al Qaeda and Hamas money launderer . he room with Francis at we detention center . I have hear storey of he run a dozen venn diagram at once , do the work of five analyst . ( beat ; remember ) the day Francis 's body be find , Hood fracture he handler 's skull with a coffee thermos and just ... walk away . disappear . ( beat ) I give up try to figure out when she will call . the '' why '' though , that I have get . every case the same thread ; a accountant be hire , someone whose skill far exceed the norm . do the job in record time -- marybeth ( connect the dot ) they try to kill he . ray and I get a call . she bolt from the couch , overwhelm , pace . marybeth why be you tell I this ? you never should have let anyone near this ! ray least of all you . marybeth yes ! yes , least of all I ! ray I tell you when you start , I retire in a few month . ( beat ) she 'il need someone to call . she finally get it . dig she heel in . marybeth he 's a criminal ! what about the one that do not try to kill he , the one he do not turn in ? he aid and abet drug cartel , money launderer -- he kill all that man at the raven ! 104 . ray murderer ! how long do you have a trunk - full of pimp ? marybeth not even in the same league ! he let she cool , understand she anger , confusion . ray I realize something that day . sitting in my cubicle , try to make this same decision . ( beat ) I would spend the better part of my life recognize my lucky break only after they be go . she digest this for a beat , waver . marybeth any idea on the woman ? the Brit ? ring ! Kitchen phone loud . she look to Ray . ring ! int . CHRIS 's home -kitchen ring ! marybeth pick up the phone , answer . marybeth ( into phone ) hello ? from the other connection a keyboard click . british female ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) agent medina , pleased to meet you . tell eliot ness to get he foot off the furniture . he 's not in a barn . marybeth 's face drop , she look for the camera . british female ( v.o. ) Creative robotics . write it down . int . lamar 's home - foyer - night light out . moonlight through picture window . shadows . merc leader keep watch through the front door 's sidelight . the distant crack of a rifle shot . the room respond , merc stand , advance round . lamar loiter , unsure what to do , look to brax . 105 . merc leader ( into earpiece ) ike , be that you ? ike ? ext . lamar 's boat house - night sniper 2 dead on the deck , hair wet with blood , head - shot . sniper 1 ( v.o. ) ( over earpiece ) no. int . lamar 's home - foyer - night brax join merc leader at the opposite sidelight . merc leader ( into earpiece ) Bobby , you there ...? brax give merc leader a look , start away from the door . ext . wood - night Chris lie on he stomach , comm-link in he ear , scope lamar 's home with a rifle identical to sniper 1's . merc leader ( v.o. ) ( over earpiece ) Bobby -- Chris tap the comm-link , disconnect . next to he , a hog - tie sniper 1 , he face bloody . CHRIS felt like it pull leave -- sniper 1 fuck you . Chris kneel , produce a roll Persian rug . 17th century . CHRIS you might consider a round with a superior ballistic coefficient . sniper 1 watch Chris unroll the rug -- the Barrett .50 cal . CHRIS we need the layout of the home . room , corridor , cover . int . lamar 's home - live room - night Silent . brax tuck into a interior doorway , pull lamar in next to he . brax eye about , watch a bald merc edge across the room , into a beam of moonlight . 106 . brax ( to lamar ; low ) ever see a match - grade round travel three thousand foot per second come through a window ? a picture window divot , a mist from bald merc 's head . a distinctive boom from the Barrett , bald merc crumple . brax nobody do . brax grab lamar by the scruff of the neck , bolt . merc crouch as .50 cal round blow jag hole through the great room , brick powder , wall tear like tissue , strike the lake beyond . a round punch through 2 wall , a mustached merc . a huge merc lie flat , a round gouging the wood floor near he head . the other merc crawl to the rear of the house . stop. silence . the huge merc gather himself , freeze as he watch the front door ease open , hear a whisper chant from the darkness . CHRIS ( v.o. ) Solomon grundy bear on a Monday . the huge merc kneel , unload a spray of automatic fire through the open door , wreck the sidelight , door frame . stops. phht . a single round enter he forehead , drop he . Chris enter . CHRIS christen on Tuesday -- int . bedroom lamar , frighten , stare at the close door , back into the center of the room . lamar what ? what 's happen ? brax sit on the edge of a bed , pistol in hand , detach . int . live room Chris chant , eerily calm , sweep the home . each burst of automatic weapon fire meet with a solitary shot . one dead , two dead -- a tattooed merc advance , fire . dozen of silence round splinter door frame , dig into wall , furniture . 107 . int . bedroom a horrify lamar listen to the relentless muffled gunfire , near the still seat brax . lamar what 's happen ? say something ! brax slowly look up . brax die on Saturday , bury on Sunday . int . live room the tattooe merc stop fire , press himself to a wall , wait , listen . two short round rip through the wall , enter he head . he drop . Chris round the wall -- CHRIS that be the end of sol -- merc leader emerge from a connect hall , fire a silence machine pistol . a long automatic burst laser the room . Chris dive for cover , badly outgun . merc leader press he advantage . Chris return fire in vain , empty he gun . merc leader empty . Chris pitch he glass , vault furniture , rush the man . merc leader jack a full clip in , rack the slide , point -- Chris slam into merc leader , the machine pistol discard . two professional ; quick fist , elbow , knee . Chris smaller but faster , unemotional . a knee snap one of merc leader 's lower rib , a kick stagger he . a desperate merc leader swing wildly , Chris block , break merc leader 's nose with unanswer punch , move to finish -- loud rock music erupt from the home 's speaker system . Chris wince , distract . merc leader punch he , Chris swing , miss , merc leader deliver a kick to the head , Chris go down . merc leader lunge for the weapon . Chris , bleed , disorient , scramble after he . merc leader grab the gun , Chris on top . they struggle for control , Chris -- in pain -- punch merc leader in the face again and again . merc leader lose consciousness , Chris continue to punch . music off , light on . Chris lunge , grab merc leader 's gun . 108 . brax ( 0.s. ) ( scream ) enough with the moronic chant already ! Chris squint against the light , pistol aim at brax . he hesitates , be kick in the face , spun off merc leader . a enraged brax loom over a prone Chris . brax you crack a spook 's skull ?! Chris try to rise , brax kick he . brax because you feel sorry for some miserable sand trash ?! brax unleash another kick , Chris trap the ankle . brax straddle Chris , punch he in the face . brax you do not let we father ruin he life by run to he ! ( punch ) you do not call he ! another hard punch , Chris look up at he , no fight . CHRIS we be sorry , braxton . brax '' I be sorry , braxton ! '' '' I be ! '' '' I be ! '' '' I be ! '' you be not the Queen of England you weird fuck ! Chris , enraged , grab brax by the shirt , pull he brother down , snap he own forehead up , head -butting brax . the two brother roll on the ground -- no longer two professional -- a snarling , spitting ball of juvenile fury . Chris roll on top of he bleed young brother , ball a fist , pull back ... can not . brax ( near tear ) you call I . me. I be you brother . I be the one who always have you back . I fix thing . why do not you call I ? Chris grab brax 's face in he hand , will he to understand . CHRIS we do not call he . he just come . like he always do . ( more ) 109 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( emotional ) we be sorry ... I be sorry . Chris roll off , collapse next to brax , exhaust . brax what be the odd ? CHRIS statistically speak not as -- brax Christ , it 's rhetorical . ( beat ) I have look for you for the last six year . Chris sit up , struggle to he foot , locate he glass . CHRIS we clientele be dangerous . we do not want you hurt . blam ! Chris spin -- shoulder hit -- fall to the ground . merc 1 get to he foot , unsteady , pistol aim at Chris . brax reach for the pistol tuck in he pants . merc 1 ( aim at brax ) uh-uh . brax freeze . merc 1 Old home week , asshole ? lamar ( 0.s. ) shoot he . lamar skirt the edge of the room , angry with fear . merc 1 approach a motionless bloody Chris , stand over he . lamar kill he ! Chris sweep merc 1 's leg , the man hit the floor , Chris bury a short blade in he neck . Dead . brax , pistol draw , reach for he shiv -- gone . he smile . lamar be stunne , flustered . Chris stand . he look at lamar , gesture at he , weak . 110 . CHRIS not happy . Chris pass brax , hand he he shiv , confront lamar . CHRIS we have to know . Ed we understand . why you sister ? lamar rita hold she nickel and dime over my head since the day Creative be bear ! always carping about a '' return on she investment . '' ( persuade ) I be take Creative public . my share will be worth roughly one billion dollar . a billion dollar , Mr. wolff , that I decide how best to use . neuro - prosthetics , nanotechnology ... limb , eye , ear only better than the one God give we ! CHRIS dana discover a weakness . you hire we to leak - test the book . show you what would not stand up to public scrutiny . Chris stare at lamar for a beat . satisfied . CHRIS Fair enough . Chris turn he back on lamar , painfully stoops to pick up a pistol , he glass . he limp for the door , brax by he side . CHRIS Federal agent be come . brax I be right behind you . in the bg , lamar pick up the machine pistol , aim at they . lamar ( sotto ) he 's just a accountant . Chris and brax half - turn , pistol raise , simultaneously shoot . head and chest shot , lamar drop . slowly the two continue across the great room . through the window , police light twinkle along the distant shoreline . brax I have miss you . a lot. lll . brax put a support arm around he , Chris drape he good arm over he young brother 's shoulder . brax I miss you too , braxton . because you be my brother and I love you . CHRIS we do . brax open the door , help Chris out . brax watertown in a week ? CHRIS if we can find suitable storage . with effort , Chris pull the door shut behind they . int . treasury build - PRESS room - day the Secretary of the treasury at the podium . flanking he , Ray , marybeth , and a half - dozen agent . seat reporter jam the room , stand room only in back . reporter 1 -- what do you say to the rumor that some of the John do have wound consistent with anti - aircraft round ? treasury secretary I would say the Chicago Police have ample experience solving all manner of homicide . ( point to a reporter ) yes , helen ? reporter 2 ( stand ) Sir , do the conspiracy and fraud charge within Creative robotics lead to the death of lamar Black and he sister rita ? treasury secretary ( 0.s. ) helen , this be a ongoing investigation . suffice it to say that the american public demand a new level of vigilance in safeguard we financial system . let I introduce the agent who spearhead the investigation . senior agent medina ? cameras click , reporter shout . marybeth take the podium , nervous . she clear she throat . 112 . marybeth good afternoon . she glance at Ray , he stare back ... wait . marybeth um , as much as I have like to take credit for this ... I ... I can not . she hesitates ... camera click ... puzzle face ... marybeth ( find she groove ) because this be a team effort comprise of long hour of good old - fashioned investigative work . Ray beam as camera click , reporter shout . IRS agent stand at the back of the room , smile , applaud . ext . cabin - day the cabin familiar to we , well - maintain . a small sun- bleach wooden sign , the word '' Harbor neuroscience '' weathered , age . autistic boy 's mom ( v.o. ) ( strain emotion ) he be just like we other two , such a happy baby . now , he rarely speak . it 's like ... we child be miss , he 's not there . he 's lose and he need we help ... we think -- come into view , adjacent to the property ... a modern clinic . suspend between two entry - way pillar , a welcome arch : '' Harbor neuroscience Institute . '' autistic boy 's dad ( v.o. ) we think ... we hope he have catch back up , but ... he do not . int . harbor neuroscience institute - waiting room - day Sun stream in floor - to-ceil window ... warm , invite . alone , a 6 - year-old boy play with toy on a carpete floor . autism doc ( v.o. ) ( intelligent ; soothing ) Mrs. jeffries , Mr. jeffries ... I know it may feel like it now , you be frustrated , frighten , but you be not alone . ( more ) 113 . autism doc ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) one in 88 child in this country be diagnose with a form of autism . the boy stand , cast he eye about , head for a doorway . on the floor , two dozen block , animal , car , truck , plane -- have be arrange in a perfectly straight line . autism doc ( v.o. ) but if you can put aside for a moment what you pediatrician and all the other not 's have tell you about you son -- autistic boy 's dad ( v.o. ) '' not 's " ? autism doc ( v.o. ) '' neuro-typicals . '' the rest of we . what if they be wrong ? int . harbor neuroscience-corridor the boy walk , explore . he run he small hand against the wall , windowsills , feel the wood grain , sun on he face . autism doc ( v.o. ) what if we have be use the wrong test to quantify intelligence in child with autism ? you son 's not less - than . he 's different . a nurse pass , smile at he . Stone -face , he continue . autism doc ( v.o. ) now you expectation for you son may change over time . they might include self - sufficiency , marriage , child . and they might not . but I guarantee you if we let the world set expectation for we child they 'il start low and stay there . he round a corner , stop . the boy 's Pov : a door leave ajar . int . justine 's room - day the boy step in to a cozy home . the wall a warm pink . overhead , multiple mobile slowly spin , cast prism of light on the wall , across a frame poster ; young Muhammad Ali tower over a prone sonny liston . autism doc ( v.o. ) maybe you son be capable of much more than we know . and maybe just maybe , he do not understand how to tell we . or we have not yet learn how to listen . 114 . a grunt . the boy turn , freeze . Dark eye glare out behind wild thick hair . justine , now 30 , thin , sweat and t-shirt . she nest cross-legged in a easy chair by a desk . on the desk , a flat screen monitor . he stare at she , frighten , unable to move . Justine rock back and forth , eye glue to the boy . autistic boy 's mom ( 0.s. ) ( relieved ) honey , for the hundredth time , do not wander off like that . the boy 's parent , 30 , and the doctor , 5as , in the cabin . the couple look at Justine , pain smile on they face . autistic boy 's mom ( to Justine ) I be so sorry . autism doc ( wink at Justine ) it 's all right . can he visit with you for a while , Justine ? Justine duck she head , flap a hand , grunt unintelligibly . autism doc c'mon , folk , I will give you the nickel tour . he hold the door for the reluctant - to - leave parent . dad scan the room one last time . they exit . autism doc ( v.o. ) we accept every child on the spectrum , no one be turn away . Justine 's one of we few full - time resident . she stop talk thirty year ago , communicate with a digital translator now . the boy slowly approach Justine , pass a large suitcase - size computer , cray emblazon on the front . her desk , the monitor , a pot cactus plant , a small framed photo . autistic boy 's mom ( v.o. ) Doctor , how be Harbor fund ? autism doc ( v.o. ) we be fortunate to have very generous private donor . some more than other . two people in the old photo : 10 - year -old justine , she little girl 's sober face stare out from behind long tangle hair . next to she , a 10 year -old young boy : CHRIS . 115 . autistic boy 's dad ( v.o. ) I all say they be generous . autism doc ( v.o . ) why 's that ? autistic boy 's dad ( v.o. ) that woman ... Justine ... autism doc ( proudly ) my daughter . autistic boy 's mom ( v.o. ) she 's you daughter ? autism doc ( v.o. ) the reason I start the Institute . autistic boy 's dad ( v.o. ) Justine 's computer -- Justine rock , emit a low keening sound , avert she eye . autistic boy 's dad ( v.o. ) .- it 's a cray cxl . autism doc ( v.o. ) that 's right , you be a software engineer . I be sorry , be that good ? autistic boy 's dad ( v.o. ) good ? Doc , she could backdoor the Pentagon with that rig . Justine paw at the air , contort . she pull a wireless keyboard tuck within the chair . her hand blaze over the key , speaker on she desk produce the familiar voice : british female / justine ( v.o. ) hello , young man . and just who might you be ? the boy look at she with bright , intelligent eye . int . chicago office - day a crowded cubicle - farm of temp , accountant , admin . dana sit at she desk , study a ledger on she monitor . she tilt she head away from the screen , daydream . ext . happy trail rv park - day dana stand , stare at the empty spot where the airstream once park . 116 . int . dana 's apartment build - hallway - night dana , in a business suit , tired , slide a key in she apartment lock . a shadow fall across the door . she whirl around , frighten ... the fed- ex guy . fed ex hold he palm up , whoa . he hand she a rectangular cardboard BOX , size of a flat screen tv but much lighter . she take it , no return address . int . dana 's apartment - night dana sit on a love seat , reach into the fed- ex box , pull ... a frame , follow by dog play poker . int . dana 's apartment -bedroom - night dana finish nail a picture hanger into the wall . she hang dog on the hook , straighten it . she step back to gauge she work . she laugh , remember . her laughter fade , in she eye a touch of sadness . a imperfection catch she eye , a small bubble in a upper corner . she finger the bubble , something beneath . she pick at a tiny flap of paper , inspect ... freeze . she slowly tear the print the length of the frame . dana shocked . she stare at the half - reveal pollock hang on she wall . nervous , she move to the window , grab the shade pull , hesitates . she look out the window , grins . int . airstream ( moving ) - sunset Sun leak through draw shade , warm blonde wood . the renoir also go . int . suv ( moving ) - sunset window down , radio on , Chris , T-shirt and jeans , drive . the cut on he face fade , he gently tap he finger to the music , daydream . Colorado 's San Juan Mountains visible through he windshield . ext . durango , colorado - sunset the suv trailer the airstream down a steep grade , the picturesque town of durango nestle at the base of the pass . the road curve , the suv and airstream follow the switchback behind the mountain , disappear . fade out . the end