the tourist written by Julian fellow base on " Anthony Zimmer " by Jerome salle June 9 2008 ext . paris - day crane down from a view of Paris on a misty day . cool , gray and beautiful . a taxi stop by the curb of a wide , cobble street . all around there be bustle and activity , with car and people hurry about they business . the door open and a pair of exquisitely shape female leg in Christian louboutin high heel swing out . int . gare do l'est , paris - day we follow the leg up the step , across the concourse , through the station . Men turn and stare . cara mason ( 30 , stun ) show no sign of notice . she wear dark glass and carry a travel bag in one hand , a copy of the International Herald tribune in the other . int . brasserie , gare do l'est - day a young waiter wiping down the bar stop to watch Cara enter and take a seat at a table slightly set apart . a older waiter approach she . they exchange a few word and he walk toward the bar . waiter she 's wait for someone . younger waiter probably wait for I . waiter the door 's wait for you if you do not get back to work . a messenger clad in leather , wear a motorcycle helmet , enter the cafe and look around . he consult a photograph . his eye land on Cara . he walk over and hold out a document-sized envelope . messenger c'est vous , Mademoiselle ? 2 . cara oui. as the messenger walk away she open the folder and shake out the content . there be a ticket for the orient Express and a handwritten letter ... she spread it out on the table like a precious treasure map . her beautiful forehead crease with concentration as she read ... alexander's voice ( v.o . ) ( English accent ) they be follow you Cara . she look up . take out a small makeup mirror and hold it in front of she face to glance around behind she ... alexander's voice ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they think you will lead they to I . but if you follow my instruction closely , there be a way for we to get away ... Cara scan the rest of the letter . camera glide down to see the signature at the bottom : " Love , Alexander . " we barely have time to read this before Cara 's perfectly manicure hand crumple the letter , place it in a saucer and set fire to it . the young waiter hurry over , alarmed . younger waiter Mademoiselle ! je vous en prie -- Cara be already gather she thing and walk away . int . gare do l'est station - moment later as Cara walk toward the platform ... alexander's voice ( v.o . ) take the 4:25 orient Express to Venice . en route select a man my approximate height and weight ... her eye scan the platform . 3. alexander's voice ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) have faith Cara . I will be with you soon . cara' Pov Men of various shape and size be board " the orient Express . " she pause only long enough to assess and discard : too old , too young , too thin , too overweight ... her gaze come to rest on a well -dress french man . medium height , medium build . stand alone . examine he ticket . Cara glance at she reflection critically in the polished glass window of the train . adjust she hair and dress . satisfied with what she see , she turn and start toward the well -dress french man like a cat stalking prey . the camera admiringly follows she silky approach . the french man hear the click of she heel and look up . his mouth fall open ... he wife arrive and shut it for he . wife what be you do Vincent ? we train car be over here ! with a regretful backward glance at Cara , he allow himself to be drag away . frustrate , Cara turn and cast about for another possibility . she spot a tousle haire man seat on a bench . conducter ( v.o . ) all aboard ! all aboard the 4:25 be depart ! tousle Hair gather he bag to get on the train . encourage , Cara move to cut he off . as tousle Hair stand up reveal ... he 's six foot seven . Cara stop short , irritate . the man behind she board the train be fumble with he suitcase and do not notice . bam he walk straight into she . 4. cara ow ! frank sorry ! Excuse I . pardone moi . frank taylor ( 30' , amiable ) be a cheerful american tourist . open face , completely lack in guile . Frank continue to mutter apology as he walk gingerly around Cara and board the train . Cara watch he with thinly veile contempt . Frank be a man of average size , average build ... she peer over she glass at he . and she expression slowly change . she follow he onto the train . angle on a good - looking englishman loitering further down the platform , read the Herald tribune . or rather , not read it . he 's be watch Cara . he lower the paper and climb onto the train through a different door . ext . paris - day the gleam orient Express pull out of the station and get underway . int . orient express - afternoon the train be move . the thick carpet , the mellow wood of the inlaid panel , the subtlety of the lalique mirror and the softly light lamp all inspire a feel of great luxury . Frank look vaguely out of place , sit by the window in he casual jeans and pullover sweater . he 's wrap up in a dog-eare paperback spy novel . so wrap up that he barely notice Cara sit down opposite he . she cross she leg . he glance up . slowly , nonchalantly , she take she coat off . then the headscarf tie around she neck . follow she sensual movement in tight close up . the effect be as if she 's perform a tantalize strip tease . 5 . Frank be captivate to the point of be unsettle . she take off she glass to reveal stun eye . she go to remove she mock -turtleneck sweater . the zipper seem to give she trouble . without bother to struggle she sit up in she seat and lean toward Frank . cara I think I be go to need you help . Frank be barely able to respond . frank hmm ? cara my zipper ... ( off he blank look ) it 's stick . Frank finally move into action . he set he book down and lean closer . awkwardly he reach towards Cara 's beautiful neck . he attempt to unwind the trap thread of fabric . but the zipper resist . frank I be afraid of hurt you . she slide forward on she seat , to get even closer . cara do not be afraid . the train car sway slightly and throw Frank off balance . he tug sharply and the zipper suddenly give -- with a tear sound . Frank freeze , look down at the zipper still in he finger . frank I be ... sorry . Cara 's eye flash fury for a brief moment . cara it do not matter . 6. frank maybe I should let you do this -- cara do not give up so quickly . reluctantly , Frank continue with the zipper . the tear sound continue as he lower the zipper , inch by inch . first she neck , then she throat , then she cleavage be gradually uncover . the zipper keep go downward . no sign of anything underneath . Frank be practically sweat . finally he uncover fabric . he finish unzipping the sweater and sit back into he seat . Cara slide it off she shoulder , sensuous as ever . cara ( cont 'd ) thanks . and settles back into she seat , cat-like . he stare at she for several moment , at a loss for word . frank my name be Frank . cara Cara . a white - jackete steward arrive . steward ( to Frank ) will you and you wife take dinner here or in the dining car this evening , monsieur ? frank pardon I ? oh , no . we be not actually -- cara the dining car would be lovely , thank you . the steward nod and disappear . Frank just stare . CUT to : 7. ext . mountainous countryside - sunset the orient Express plow through the alp . push in on a window where we see Frank and Cara sit at a romantic , candlelit table eat dinner . int . dine car - evening line tablecloth . Fine china . Frank be one of the only man in the dining car not in a dinner jacket . Frank take out a bottle of pill from he pocket , then another and another ... he take one or two pill from each and swallow they methodically . she watch he . cara be you ill ? frank what ? no. she look at all the pill spread out beside he plate . frank ( cont 'd ) just nervous . I do not like travel . cara ( gently mock ) so you decide to take a holiday on the orient Express ? he hesitates . frank I be on my honeymoon . cara you honeymoon ? Cara be annoyed at this revelation . cara ( cont 'd ) should we ask the waiter to set another place ? frank she 's in Pennsylvania . off she question look ... 8. frank ( cont 'd ) you be sure you want to hear this ? cara if you would like to tell I . frank two week ago she leave I . for the owner of a pizza parlor . cara that 's awful . Frank nod , matter - of -fact . frank no travel insurance . no refund on the ticket . so ... here I be . on my honeymoon . cara I be sorry , Frank . frank I really love that pizza too . " bala pizza " if you be ever in Rosemont . cara I would not touch it . I be loyal to you . a waiter deliver they drink . waiter a cointreau for Mademoiselle . and for monsieur ... a " Miller Light . " frank thanks . the waiter roll he eye and leave they . Cara seem amused by Frank 's obliviousness . frank ( cont 'd ) what take you to Venice ? she nod toward he well - thumbed paperback . cara you read spy novel . ( playful ) ( more ) 9. cara ( cont 'd ) I be a mysterious woman on a train . you tell I what my story be . frank okay ... you would be a diplomatic attaché or ... let 's see ... a girl from East Germany whose father 's be kidnap by Soviet agent . they be blackmail you into steal ... probably a microchip . there 's usually a microchip involved . cara what await I ? frank trouble , certainly . cara danger ? frank no doubt . you will probably be shot at in less than two chapter . cara be there a man in my life ? beat . cara ( cont 'd ) or a candidate for the job ? he gaze at she with a glimmer of hope . she 's insanely out of he league . but she 's the one flirt with he . frank maybe . CUT to : ext . paris , ile do LA cité - evening the magnificent prefecture de Police on the ile de la cité . a convoy of black mercede arrive . int . interpol office , paris - evening footstep echo in the grand marble hallway . 10 . JOHN ackerman move down the hall with purpose . british , interpol chief inspector . he 's the kind of man who command respect ( think Tommy Lee Jones in the fugitive . ) melissa jone , he american counterpart match he step for step . jone we be put a lot resource into this investigation , John . tell I you be go to get he this time . ackerman ( dry ) we be go to get he this time , Ms. Jones . goyal , ( ackerman 's deputy ) close he cell phone . goyal she 's on the train . they will be in Venice in the morning . int . interpol central briefing room , paris - evening behind the ornate , 17th century door be a high - tech amphitheater style briefing room . all glass and steel . suited bureaucrat and officer from all over Europe listen to ackerman as he lead the meeting from the podium . ackerman we target 's name be Alexander pearce . british citizen , bear in London into a ordinary middle class family . the only thing remarkable about he childhood be a preternatural gift for number . ackerman click a slide project on a large screen behind he : a fuzzy photo of a british schoolboy with a shy grin . ackerman ( cont 'd ) which he use to hack into a computer and fix the test result he final year at school . jean luc ( french interpol liaison ) look up skeptically . 11 . jean luc you mastermind could not pass he exam on he own ? ackerman he do not fix he test score ; he fix the score for all the girl in the class . it make he very popular . a ripple of laughter through the group . ackerman ( cont 'd ) ( severely ) what start as school prank eventually become something much more serious . after a year in the training program at Goldman sach , he decide that gambling suite he better than work for a live . that , in turn , involved he with some rather unsavory people and ultimately lead he to put he financial genius to work in he true call : money launder . quinn be the swiss interpol liaison . he speak with the crisp accent of a man who be fluent in several language . quinn you have assemble quite a task force to catch a common money launderer , Mr. ackerman . ackerman there be nothing common about Alexander pearce . quiet simply , he have turn money launder into a art form . his great innovation : the false lawsuit . he click through a series of flashy powerpoint slide illustrate pearce 's financial dealing . ackerman ( cont 'd ) pearce set up two company : one be a casino in Arizona for example and the other be a shell company in the Cayman Islands . ( more ) 12 . ackerman ( cont 'd ) the Cayman Islands company file a lawsuit against the casino , claim copyright infringement or some other complaint . they " succeed " in win the case and the casino pay the shell company a enormous settlement . quinn ( understanding ) the money travel from America to the Cayman Islands ... ackerman yes , but now the money be legal . jone not quite legal . the i.r.s. have be cheat out of the revenue . ( beat ) we calculate that Mr. pearce 's tax bill currently stand at $ 743.7 million dollar . Jean luc lean toward he colleague . jean luc ( whisper in french ) that explain what the american harridan be do here . Ms. Jones give he a glacial stare . jone exactement , monsieur . Jean luc redden . oops . apparently not every american fit the stereotype . ackerman Mr. pearce have some other debt as well . most of you will recognize Ivan demidov ... click : a photo of a bald russian oligarch emerge from a limo . ackerman ( cont 'd ) ... pearce launder over a billion dollar for demidov . at some point pearce decide he would rather steal from demidov than help he steal . ( more ) 13 . ackerman ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) give demidov 's tie to organize crime , I would say that be a mistake . jone ( clear she throat ) the U.S. government be not participate in a investigation of a member of the Russian parliament ; we target be Alexander pearce . ackerman smile coolly at she . ackerman of course . a interpol officer from Germany raise he hand . german interpol have Mr. pearce ever be in custody ? ackerman look down for a moment , as if it pain he to answer . ackerman almost . CUT to : ext . alexander's sea side villa , venice - night super : one year ago fog cover the skyline , expose only the slate rooftop of building that have not change in century . we hear the sound of water gently lap the shore . from out of the mist emerge ... a guardacoste -- a patrol boat , light dimme . it gently touch the beach . a carabinieri officer lower a ramp . a interpol tactic team in kevlar and headgear pour out of the patrol boat . ackerman step off , pull on a vest . he nod to goyal . ackerman finally . let 's go . 14 . they follow the team . ext . MAIN gate of the villa - moment later angle on a specialist who kneel to open a electric panel . reveal a glass plate with a fingertip shape in the center . the specialist place he hand against the glass : a red light beep on -- it 's a bio-metric lock . he turn to ackerman . specialist this be gonna take a few minute . ackerman betray no impatience . he know better than to rush the professional . he simply nod . the specialist open a tool box fill with sophisticated gear and get to work ... int . alexander's villa , penthouse - night wrapping a towel around herself , cara mason , the girl from the train , stare at herself in the bathroom mirror for a beat . so do we . she step out into the lofty master bedroom suite . in the dress room , Cara call out to someone in the next room . cara I will be ready in fifteen minute . Cara sit on the bed , drying she hair . on a night table beside she be key , a wallet and a expensive man be watch . Cara pause ; she 's hear something . she walk across the tile floor to the balcony overlook the elevator entrance . she freeze ; six tactic officer face she with gun draw . ackerman step up the stair , pistol in hand . he gesture at Cara to be quiet and come towards he ... Cara stand stock still for a long instant . then ... 15 . slam the oaken door of the master bedroom suite in ackerman 's face , lock it . she call out ... cara ( cont 'd ) Alexander ! on the stair ackerman shake the doorknob , cursing ; a tall Commander call for the batter ram which be rush up the stair ... the tactic team crack the door . ackerman charge into ... the bedroom Cara stand freeze beside the man 's effect on the night table . the wallet . the key . the watch . ackerman where be he ? on the other side of the room , ackerman see a OPEN window , which the ocean breeze swing . rushing forward he stick he head out the window . hanging outside the window be the rigging for a window washer' platform - a platform that second before be lower to the sand below . in the distance , a recently board water taxi pull away from the dock and sail out into the lagoon . in the bedroom ackerman turn to face the study . on the desk be a cup of coffee with steam gently rise from its surface . a cigarette sit light in a ashtray , the smoke curling toward the ceiling . ackerman stare at the empty , slowly revolve , chair . he walk toward cara , now in custody . he hold she defiant gaze for a moment . 16 . ackerman you have nothing to say ? Cara look at he for a moment , then lower she eye . ackerman ( cont 'd ) get she out of my sight . the tall Commander shepherd the handcuff Cara down the stair and into the elevator . she wear Alexander 's watch .... quinn ( v.o. ) what do this Alexander pearce look like ? CUT to : int . interpol central briefing room - resume ackerman close the file in front of he on the podium . ackerman nobody know . he disappear after he escape . he 's have extensive plastic surgery to alter he appearance since then . drug lord amado carillo do the same thing in the 90 to successfully elude authority . quinn how do you know about it ? ackerman pearce work with no more than a few accomplice at one time . he treat they so well that they be virtually all completely loyal . none of they would cooperate . we have question the one we could find , and the only thing we learn be that pearce apparently arrange it so even he own people have never see he after the surgery . jean luc so nobody know what he look like ? 17 . ackerman correct . jean luc forgive I for say so Mr. ackerman , but he slip away from you when you know he whereabouts and he appearance ... what make you think you can catch he now ? ackerman regards he with aplomb . ackerman his girlfriend be recently release from custody . he will come for she . we will be wait . quinn what make you so certain ? ackerman click on a slide . Cara 's face fill the screen behind he . a murmur run through the room . every man stare . ackerman he will come for she . ackerman himself glance up at she face with a look of long . hold on cara' image for a moment before we ... match CUT to : ext . venice train station - morning cara stand alone on the platform amid the bustle of the station . the gleam train stretch out behind she . int . train car - same Frank 's eye drift open . he glance out the window and as he vision come into focus he see that the train be stop . he sit bolt upright . a conductor' voice over the loudspeaker be say something in italian . Frank stumble over himself to collect he thing : book , sweater , pill , etc . 18. int . train aisle - moment later Frank struggle down the aisle , bump into fellow passenger and apologize as he go . all the while look around for a sign of Cara ... ext . venice train station - morning Frank step off the train and glance about at the hive of activity . Frank brushes past the good - looking englishman from the Paris station . finally he spot she ... franks Pov - Cara with she back turn . Frank hurry over . frank I be afraid I would miss you . I want to ask where you be stay in Venice ... I be suppose to catch a shuttle to my hotel but I think maybe -- cara ( without turn ) I have get a better idea . she hold out she valise for he . he take it hesitantly . she peer at he over the rim of she sunglass with a very slight smile ... hard CUT to : ext . venice , grand canal - day a beauty shot of the Grand Canal : magnificent palace and church soar upwards on either side in all they glory . push in on a launch label danieli , travel fast over the water . Cara shake she head to let the wind ruffle she hair . camera continue past her to reveal Frank , clutching the railing beside she , afraid to wake up . 19 . int . danieli HOTEL , entrance hall - day Frank lead we through the distinctive , revolve glass door into the low - ceiling entrance lobby . discover Cara at the desk talk to the receptionist . cara you have a book in the name of mason . receptionist Si , signorina . cara signora . that 's my husband . she nod at Frank . for a second , the receptionist cannot keep the surprise out of he eye . this glamorous , superbly dress creature be marry to a dull , american tourist in a T-shirt ? he recover he composure and alter he manner at once . receptionist very good , senora mason . welcome to the danieli . you be in the doge 's -- we premiere suite . ( pause ) be there anything special you require ? cara have a copy of today 's Herald tribune send up to the room please . receptionist my pleasure , signora . he give she a large gold key and nod to a porter to take the luggage . Frank hurry to catch up with she . the receptionist he watch they go . receptionist ( cont 'd ) ( in italian ) mother of God , what a waste . 20 . int . staircase hall , danieli - day together , they follow the porter into the ravish , open central hall of the hotel , with the great , ornate staircase soar up and up , past gothic gallery and finely carve balustrade , beckone . Frank and Cara trail the porter across the marble floor . Frank glance about , daze with delight and amazement . int . doge's suite - day under a gild and coffere ceiling , portrait of the doge flank a vast , hood fireplace . the porter be show they round the huge apartment , open and close door . porter the bedroom be through here . you have two bathroom , here and here . there be a small kitchen which ... he glance at Cara ; she do not look like a woman who spend a lot of time in the kitchen . porter ( cont 'd ) ... you may not need . there be two television , video , dvd , radio , hi fi sound system . and ... the porter throw open a pair of french window . he let the view speak for itself . they step forward . the whole of St. Mark 's basin and the venetian lagoon be laid out below they . porter ( cont 'd ) be everything satisfactory ? cara yes . thank you . porter then I will leave you . the porter look expectantly to the " husband " for a tip . Frank do not get it . a awkward beat . Cara take a few euros from she purse and tip he . the porter exit . 21 . ext . balcony , danieli HOTEL - day Frank stand on the balcony in a daze . he stare down at the molo and across St. Mark 's basin to San georgio maggiore . Cara join he . cara you like it ? Frank open he mouth to answer . then laugh . frank what 's not to like ? cara I would have be bored here on my own . there 's more than enough room for two . frank I can see that . cara I do not ask for a extra bed ... Frank look at she for a beat , barely able to breathe . cara ( cont 'd ) be you all right with the sofa ? if you like , I can have they bring one up ? his face fall . he try to cover up he reaction . frank no , no , no . the sofa 's fine . perfect in fact . before he can say more , the buzzer sound . cara the luggage . frank I will get it . he go back inside to answer the door . Cara remain alone on the balcony , immobile , as if hold she breath . she 's wait ... listen . 22. int . doge's suite - day Frank walk across to the door . there be a small spyhole and he look through it . the porter stand there with a trolley . Frank open the door . the porter wheel the trolley in and start to carry the bag into the bedroom . ext . balcony - moment later Cara relax again as she hear Frank approach . he step outside on the balcony . frank I have put my thing in the other bathroom . she turn to face he . cara have you ever be to Venice before ? he shake he head . cara ( cont 'd ) then we need to go out . CUT to : int . interpol field hq , venice - day camera track with goyal as he weave through a sprawling mess of personnel and equipment , cell phone , computer and cable from various national agency . the United Nations - aspect of the Task Force give it impressive scope but also result in a Tower -of - babel effect . the calm eye of the storm be ackerman . goyal she 's check into the danieli ... she 's not alone . ackerman good . ( to the room ) maintain surveillance but keep you distance . ( more ) 23. ackerman ( cont 'd ) do not try to get clever : remember that pearce be smarter than most of you put together . angle on quinn who quietly slip out of the room . ext . private landing strip , venice - day a gulfstream g550 executive jet bank over the venetian coast and come in for a landing ... wheel down . stairway unfold . the man who step off the plane be dress in a hand - tailore italian suit and shoe that cost more than some car . he 's flanke by two bodyguard . ivan demidov . in the flesh . ext . venice - day camera float over the rooftop toward the penthouse of a ultra-high end business hotel . int . demidov be HOTEL room - day demidov sip a glass of red wine . the view from he room rival the one at the danieli but demidov pay no attention . he 's busy scan he email on he blackberry . knock , knock . a thick - neck bodyguard in the background go to answer the door . a moment later ... he usher in quinn , the swiss interpol agent . demidov take a seat , Mr. quinn . can I offer you a glass of brunello ? it 's a ' 97 ... quinn no thank you , Mr. demidov . demidov swirl he glass . demidov you know I would never admit this at home , but vodka be for peasant . there 's much we could learn from the italian . 24 . he smile pleasantly at quinn , then , on a dime , he turn back to business . demidov ( cont 'd ) tell I I be not go to be disappointed . quinn take out a envelope and pass it over . quinn I do not think so . he flip it open and examine the content . we glimpse a photo of cara and some text . demidov ( to himself ) he always have good taste ... demidov make a gesture and a second bodyguard with a scar on he face give quinn a envelope fill with cash . quinn tuck it away discreetly , as if embarrassed by the directness of the pay off . quinn Mr. demidov ... if I may ask you a question ... why do you care so much about Alexander pearce ? I mean , you have come here yourself ... as if it be personal . demidov look at quinn thoughtfully . demidov it may be difficult for you to understand , Mr. quinn ; you swiss be mercenary by nature . but for some of we , there be thing more important than money . I put my trust in Alexander pearce . he betrayed that trust . quinn smile tightly . he 's ready to get out of there . demidov ( cont 'd ) and it 's bad business to let somebody make a fool of you . if pearce get away with it , what do that say about I ? CUT to : 25 . ext . the lido , venice - day a clear , bright winter day at the beach . devoid of tourist , the famous stretch be a completely different Venice from the one we be use to see . sandbank stretch out into the dark green sea . Cara and Frank walk on a desert patch of sand . the wind wrap she light sun dress around she body , intermittently hugging she perfect curve . cara so ... when you be not on a Grand european Tour , what do you do in Rosemont , Pennsylvania ? frank I be a teacher . High school math . and you ? what do you do ? she glance at he slyly over she movie star shade . cara this be what I do , Frank . frank you be good at it . a sound of voice and laughter drift toward they . up ahead on the beach they see a group of italian in formal clothes . a woman wear a white bridal dress . cara oh look ... a wedding . how lovely . frank I be not really into wedding at this particular moment in my life ... cara oh yes . I forget . she take he arm and steer he toward a bistro with sidewalk table . CUT to : ext . bistro - afternoon Cara and Frank be seat . a bottle of orvieto rest on the table . 26 . cara do you think it 's really over ? frank hmm ? cara maybe she will change she mind . woman do . she might give you a second chance . frank I suppose that 's a possibility . ( hesitates ) that 's what I tell my statistic class anyway ; life be a game of chance . Endless possibility and permutation . you just have to calculate the odd . cara you have not answer the question . frank well ... ( quietly ) I would like to think that love be a question of destiny , not chance ... Cara look at he curiously . cara for a moment there you just remind I of somebody . she shake she head and take a sip of wine . cara ( cont 'd ) he have a way of dance around a question so eloquently that you never notice until later that he would completely avoid the truth . his entire life be wrap up in deception . ( lose in think ) he tell so many lie , I would not believe he even if he finally do tell the truth . frank he do not sound like much of a friend . 27 . cara he be not . Frank glance at she wrist . frank so why be you wear he watch ? she look up at he . cara you be smarter than you look , Frank . she run she fingertip over the face of the watch . then , impulsively unclasp it and reach for Frank 's hand . cara ( cont 'd ) and you be right . here , take it . she put it on Frank 's wrist , over he protest . frank what ? no , I can not . this thing must be worth a fortune -- cara I insist . you be do I a favor . ( firm ) take it or I will toss it in the ocean . he hesitates . she mean it . he close the clasp . frank I will wear it until you regain you sense . he feel the heft of it on he wrist . admire it for a moment . it really be a beautiful watch . she settles back in she chair , pleased with herself . he look up and see she smile at he . frank ( cont 'd ) what ? cara it suit you . 28 . long shot of Frank and Cara frame by the sunset . a romantic dinner for two . they could easily be lover or honeymooner ... in the foreground reveal somebody watch they . the good -look englishman be there , hover ... int . doge's suite - night the key sound in the lock and the door swing open . Frank and Cara tumble in together , laugh , a little tipsy . he glance at the sofa and that sober he up , remind he where he 's go to sleep . however ... he watch Cara drop she wrap over a chair and kick off she shoe . she throw open the french door to the balcony . Frank bypass the sofa-bed and follow she outside . ext . balcony - night Cara look out across the lagoon . Frank appear beside she . frank I could get use to this . a movement in the street down below catch she eye . she study the ponte del vin intently , see something . Cara turn abruptly to Frank and press she body against he . he 's take by surprise but willingly respond to she advance , wrapping he arm around she back . they exchange a long , passionate kiss . video Pov of the same reveal the lens of a palm - size video camera peer out from behind a vendor 's cart in the street below . Frank , he face slightly obscure , kiss Cara . we hear the whirring of the video camera . 29 . I /e. doge's suite / balcony - resume still kissing , Cara lead Frank back into the hotel room ... ext . video Pov from the STREET - continuous the silhouettes of Cara and Frank disappear into the hotel room as ... int . doge's suite - continuous Cara close the curtain . she pull away from he . her composure change ; the passion be go . the expression on she face be matter - of - fact . cara you should leave Venice tomorrow . ( softer ) it 's a city for lover Frank ; no place to recover from a fail engagement . she turn and walk toward she bedroom ... Frank stare after she in stunne disappointment . frank what ... what do I do ? she pause at the door . her expression soften slightly . cara nothing . I be sorry . then she disappear into she bedroom . the door close behind she and we hear the click of the lock . Frank remain stand alone , immobile . after several moment he sit on the sofa . there be two fold blanket and a pillow . from within Cara 's bedroom we can hear she voice , muffle but still audible ... cara ( cont 'd ) ... that 's exactly what I be do , but now I want he to go ... 30 . he approach the door , strain to hear more but she word fade out . CUT to : int . bathroom - night Frank get ready for bed . he take off the watch Cara give he and something on the back of it catch he eye . it 's engrave with a name : alexander pearce he stare at the name for a moment , then unzip he travel bag . take out he pill . pop a bunch . brushes he tooth . he pause and stare at himself in the mirror as if wonder how in the world he end up here . it 's like he 's stare into the face of stranger . he put he tooth brush down and pad off to sleep on the sofa . int . doge's suite - morning the sound of the shower reach Frank in he sleep . he blink he eye . the morning be misty . he close the balcony door . Cara 's bedroom door be ajar . Frank struggle not to notice . he turn to he bed and begin fold sheet . then he hear the sound of water run in the shower . he glance over at the door ajar , the sound of the shower ... it 's too much . Frank walk to the bedroom door . he push it open . the door to Cara 's bathroom be open . the outline of she naked body be visible in the shower . she lift she wet hair and soap the back of she neck . she see he . Cara be so stunne she simply stand there . Frank walk to the shower and open the glass door . 31 . walk in , he lift Cara against the glass , clutching at she slithery body , kissing she frantically ... she kiss he back with ardor , wrapping she drip leg around he back ... CUT back to reality : int . doge's suite - morning Frank be sleep . a smile on he face . a shadow pass over he as somebody walk past . a man 's trouser leg be visible in the foreground , move slowly toward Frank . then ... clang ! Frank wake with a start to see ...... a waiter be set up breakfast on a cart . waiter pardone signore . good morning . Frank stare in surprise at the food spread out before he . waiter ( cont 'd ) La signora order this for you when she leave . frank when she ...? he look around the suite . he be alone . he nod . frank ( cont 'd ) thank you . the waiter have finish . he hover for a moment ... finally Frank take the hint and give the man a one Euro tip . he take it with disdain and leave . Frank throw off he blanket and sit up . int . cara' bedroom - moment later Frank stroll into the room , barefoot , in he boxer . the bed be unmade . 32 . Cara have leave a shirt over a chair ... he pick it up and hold it to he face for a moment to enjoy she linger scent . he notice a newspaper ... a copy of the International Herald tribune be open on she bedside table . he lift it to see what Cara have be read . there be a personal ad that have be lightly dot with a ball point pen . the message be just a list of word : " tom corry now in a mica can if feeling pest still around . " the dot single out letter in a code ... Frank pick up the pen and put a faint line through the group of unselected letter to reveal the message : " tomorrow 11 Caffe pesaro " Frank study this for a moment . the buzzer sound laying the paper on the table , Frank walk to the door . man' voice ( o.s. ) Breakfast . Frank reach for the doorknob ... then pause . Breakfast again ? he quietly slide the chain on . peer through the spyhole . spyhole Pov -- two tough - look man in suit stand there : most definitely not hotel staff . one have a scar on he face ... demidov 's bodyguard . Frank be freeze . scarface take out a silence pistol and mutter something in Russian to he partner . he produce a lock pick set and crouch out of frame . Frank hear the sound of scratch metal and click tumbler inside the lock . he look around wildly . see the key on the entryway table and reach for it ... ch-chunk . the Russian pick the lock and slowly start to open the door . the chain stop it . a pause . 33. a moment later a knife come through the crack and start to slide the chain ... Frank stare at the knife ; he have to act fast ... Frank throw he shoulder against the door . the knife clatter to the floor as the door slam shut . Frank jam he key into the lock and turn the bolt into place . there 's angry confusion on the other side of the door . Frank grab a heavy glass ashtray and swing it at the back of the key -- break it off in the lock . Frank scramble out of the way ... the sound of metal scraping in the lock . Russian cursing can be hear just outside . a heavy blow as they try to shoulder the door open ... Frank look around desperately for a escape . the bathroom ? the sit room ? adjoin door ? none . there 's nowhere to go . Frank bolt for the balcony in he bare foot . he scramble outside as ... pop ! pop ! pop ! bullet rip through the wood and metal , blast the lock assembly apart . the door burst open . ext . balcony - day Frank look down and stare at the dizzying six story drop to the cobblestone of the ponte del vin below . guest sit on they balcony with they morning coffee . Three balcony over , Frank see the rooftop of the modern wing of the hotel . in the suite the two tough rapidly move through the room , search . nyet , nyet . 34 . the one place they have not check ... the balcony Frank put one bare foot on the stonework . he grimace as he heave himself onto the railing of the balcony adjacent to he . he hang desperately , flail , 100 foot over the street below . he get a tentative hold ... a pallid french woman drop she coffee and scream . the Russians sprint out to the balcony . they spot Frank ... who shove the pallid woman inside , struggle past she breakfast table , and prepare to leap again -- but slip on the spill coffee . bullet shatter China around he . he cut he foot on a break plate . he grab he bleed foot . frank goddamn it ! I be a fuck tourist ! another round of shot ring out . they do not seem to care . Frank go over the railing with another awkward heave . his pursuer scale the adjoin stone work and step onto the pallid woman 's balcony . this time Frank land in the lap of a burly welshman . burly welshman be ya bloody mad ? the burly welshman punch Frank in the stomach , which drop he out of the way of ... two shot which explode into the welshman 's shoulder . he cry out and fall down on top of Frank . the Russians stand on the pallid woman 's balcony and prepare to jump ... as Frank crawl out from under the wounded welshman and peer over the next balcony ... 35 . which be at least twenty feet from the roof . he misjudge the distance . frank shit ... int . the welshman be room - second later Frank run through the hotel room , past the welshman 's wife to the door . a shot behind he and pound foot send he out into the corridor past a room service steward to a ... elevator which will not do but the -- int . service staircase - second later stair will and Frank fly down the step , three at a time , hearing he pursuer above he , run harder than he 's run in he entire life ... but he 's slow and they gain on he enough to aim weapon through the railing ... p- ching , several bullet ricochet like pinballs in the metal stairwell . Frank pants as he push out a side door ... ext . rio del vin canal , venice - day Frank sprint along the edge of the canal , dodging tourist and child , vendor and local . he spot a vendor be three wheel bicycle and jump on . as he pedal , he realize it 's too slow so he jump off ... and fall - a painful spill , he cut he hand - but clamber to he foot as the Russians bear down . running up hide stair he find the roof of a shop on the riva degli schiavoni ... 36 . ext . riva degli schiavoni , venice - day Frank run down the ridge of the roof . a silence shot hit roof tile nearby and throw he off balance . he fall ... ... bump down the other side of the roof until , as he topple over the edge , he thrust a hand at the gutter , smash he head against the wall . he drop onto the pavement along the edge of the small canal . he double back towards the lagoon . look back , he see the man still in pursuit . he turn into the campo San Zaccaria , scatter the flap and flutter pigeon . the gondolieri and they passenger watch the half - naked man run past and cheer . a gondolier ( in italian ) run faster , man ! the Russians force they way past the pedestrian . they have almost catch he when ... int . leather shop - day ducking inside a leather shop , Frank head straight for the back entrance and find it . he stand on the cobblestone . blood stream from he forehead as well as he hand . he have second to decide which way to go . the alley be long and narrow on either side . a awning above . clear sight line . the back of the shop upend the Grand Canal . ext . alley - moment later the Russians burst out the back . there be no sign of Frank . scarface look at the Canal . he walk to the edge of the water and sprays gun fire atop it . nothing . CUT to : 37 . high angle of scene Frank lie huddle on he back in the awning behind the leather shop , barely able to control he frantic breathe . he 's mere foot away from the man who be try to kill he ... he look up and see : the scowling face of a italian woman peer out over she window box . Frank raise a desperate finger to he lip . a prayer that she will not give he away . she look at he disapprovingly . then disappear back inside . close on frank as he wait , he heart pound . second tick past ... be he safe ? rrrrrip ! a black cylinder , like the barrel of a gun , tear through the awning fabric inch from he Frank 's head . he cry out . the awning rip and dump he down hard onto the cobblestone below ... a momentary blackout Frank open he eye and see two pair of black boot that belong to ... a pair of carbinieri who stand over he . one of they hold a nightstick . they stare down at the bloody tourist in he underpant lie at they foot . they have see stranger thing . CUT to : int . polizia " questura " ( police station ) - day Frank sit alone with a blanket over he shoulder . most of the blood have be wipe from he wound and he have a rough bandage on he head . from down the hallway a cheery stubble - face police officer , domenico ( 30' , animated ) , walk into the room where Frank be wait . Domenico laugh , talk on he cell phone as he enter . 38 . domenico ( in italian ) you can not let they stay over , man . you start cuddle and then she want to borrow you car . stop cuddle , tomaso ! Frank stand . frank Excuse I ... domenico ( suddenly notice he ) hey , what be you do in here ? frank the officer tell I to wait here . I have be sit here for over two hour ... dominico glance over he shoulder . domenico I think they forget about you . Frank sit back down heavily . Domenico sit on the edge of a desk . domenico ( cont 'd ) what happen to you , anyway ? frank somebody try to kill I . Domenico pick up Frank 's statement and glance at it . domenico Mr. Taylor , wow , you have quite a day . eh ? we get chase , we get shoot . Domenico look at mild - mannered Frank sit there in he boxer . the story seem unlikely . frank you think I be crazy but it 's all true . domenico maybe you crazy and it 's true , my friend . 39 . Domenico look at Frank a little harder . decide this guy be not make all this up . domenico ( cont 'd ) okay , so who be this guy ? why they mad at you ? frank I have absolutely no idea . domenico they follow you from the danieli ? frank they come to the room . they pretend to be room service . domenico you do not scopata one of they girlfriend or something ? frank I do not " scopata " anybody ! domenico who be ... he consult a piece of paper . domenico ( cont 'd ) Cara mason ? Frank be quiet . Domenico playfully point at he . domenico ( cont 'd ) I catch you , right ? frank ( irritate ) in America the cop catch the crook , not the victim . domenico ha ha , we do that sometimes here , too . Domenico consider for a moment . domenico ( cont 'd ) be no domestic , then ? 40 . frank no . domenico how long you know Cara mason ? frank I meet she yesterday . domenico and you take she to the danieli ? that must have be good meeting , yes ? frank I do not take she . she take I . the infectious grin again light up Domenico 's face . domenico you lead a exciting life , Mr. Taylor . frank not usually . Domenico pick up the phone and dial a number . he talk in brisk italian , listen again and replace the receiver . domenico signora mason be stay with " she husband " last night . you marry she , Mr. Taylor ? frank no . domenico I think maybe signora mason might know why this guy behave badly . what do you think ? pause . frank I think that 's possible . domenico you get a phone number , mobile ? frank she do not give I one . 41 . Domenico look he over . domenico you need some clothes . I will be right back . he leave Frank alone again . Frank stand and half - heartedly follow he to the doorway . he spot something in the adjoin room ; a computer that have be leave on . he wander over and look at the screen . a idea come into Frank 's head ... he look around . nobody be watch he . he glance at the inscription on the watch ... then quickly sit down . he do a search for " wanted INTERNATIONAL criminals " and type in the name : alexander pearce . a immediate hit in the data base . Alexander pearce 's page fill the screen . the caption read : # 6 on interpol's most wanted list . in place of a photograph there be just a black outline of a man 's head . Frank be about to scan for more information when he hear Domenico return . he quickly step back into the room where he be leave ... domenico enter carry a garish sweat suit . he hand it to Frank . domenico ( cont 'd ) here . put this on . time to go . Frank look at the clothes . frank um ... thanks . where be we go ? domenico I be take you to the hospital , Mr. Taylor . a doctor should take a look at you . 42 . frank I would really rather just go -- domenico do not worry . I put you in padua , away from Venice . you will be safe . ( scribbles he number ) any worry , you call I . I give you my home number . CUT to : int . hospital scanning room , padua - evening Frank lie flat on he back . a nurse lean over he with a kindly expression . nurse relax signore . we be just go to make sure everything be all right inside you head . she slide he slowly into the mouth of a mri scan machine head first . it hum to life . int . HOTEL corridor , danieli - evening Domenico whistle as a hotel clerk escort he to to the doge 's suite . clerk ( in italian ) unfortunately we have already re-let the room . ( nervous ) we would rather the guest do not know about the incident . domenico do not worry . I will be discreet . clerk grazie . the clerk knock . the door be open by Ivan demidov . 43. clerk ( cont 'd ) I beg you pardon , signore , but this be a police officer . he need to briefly examine the room . demidov of course . demidov step back , hold the door open . int . doge's suite , danieli - evening demidov watch Domenico , who sniff around . demidov ( casually ) what happen , officer ? domenico that 's what I be try to find out , signore . Domenico get down on he hand and knee and look around . he spot something under the sofa and fish it out with he penknife ... a spend bullet case . he put it in a plastic bag , pleased with himself . demidov catch he eye . he smile at he . demidov you be a good detective . domenico I do my best . Domenico stand and take he leave . domenico ( cont 'd ) sorry for the inconvenience . enjoy you stay . as he and the clerk exit , scarface step out from the other room . off demidov 's look , he leave the suite to follow ... int . hospital room , padua - night Frank lie on the bed . there be clean bandage on he injury . 44 . the television drone on the wall : a italian reality show . a woman hold she hand over she eye . the host taunt she : the host ( v.o. ) ( in italian ) now remember , I say you be in for a surprise ... a big surprise . Frank wait for the surprise . int . interpol field hq , venice - night ackerman be tilt back with he eye close like he have a headache . Jones enter with a file label : " Frank Taylor " . ackerman what do we find on the american ? jone he 's a tourist . member of the teacher 's union . pay he tax . have bad luck . ackerman evidently . he have a pair of Russian hit man after he . be you still go to tell I demidov be clean ? jone I never say he be clean . I just say he be not we target . goyal I be just wonder how they track they down at the hotel ... ackerman ( under he breath ) just so long as they do not beat we to pearce when the real one arrive . he look up at goyal . ackerman ( cont 'd ) where 's the teacher now ? 45 . goyal the local police pick he up . ackerman then he 's safely out of the way . CUT to : int . hospital room - night Frank sit up in he bed , read . the phone ring . frank hello ? int . terrace flat , padua - evening intercut : Domenico - in he terrace flat . he wear a T - shirt and hold a glass of wine . loud italian pop music play in the background . domenico well it 's official Mr. Taylor . you be not mad . frank that 's a relief . domenico I go to the hotel . somebody shot at somebody . I find a shell case . I will have it analyze in the morning . Frank glance around uncomfortably . frank I would like to be on a flight home tomorrow morning . domenico relax , you be perfectly safe where you be . ( pause ) you have any visit from you signora mason ? 46 . frank ( quiet ) I wish . domenico never let they cuddle , Mr. Taylor . one cuddle and it all turn to merda . good night . if you need anything , you have my number . Frank hang up , shaking he head . in the restful silence he hear a distant bang . a gunshot ? a door slam ? nervous , he get up and go to the door ... int . hospital corridor - night Frank look right and leave . the corridor be empty and silent , light by strip light set on low . just as he 's about to close the door again , Frank notice that there be a label stick there with he name on it , just above the room number . he struggle with the label for a few second , tear it off . he stick the label on the door to a empty room opposite . int . hospital room - night Frank go to the sink and splashes water on he face . stare at himself for several moment , as he do in the bathroom at the danieli . he 's lose in think . then ... he hear the clang of a metal pushcart be wheeled along . some footstep approach . there be voice speak a unfamiliar language , maybe Russian ... Russian ? Frank scramble for he clothes . he fish out Domenico 's phone number from a pocket and race to the phone . then freeze , listen : the footstep move away slightly ... there be the sound of a door open . the door across the hall . 47 . second pass . the door be close again . the footstep move down the hall , slowly fade away . Frank punch in the policeman 's number and grip the receiver . it ring . int . domenico's terrace flat - night a saucepot simmer on the stove . the phone ring . behind it be a window - pierce by one circular bullet hole . the music still play . as we gaze drift downward we see Domenico 's bare foot , prone behind the kitchen island . the phone ring and ring ... int . hospital room - night Frank be struggle into he clothes . everything seem to stick and take forever . he open the door a crack and look down the ward . nothing . he move along the passage , slip into doorway and out of the light . he find the elevator and jab at the button . the light show it be approach the floor . it stop . the door open . Frank be about to enter it , when suddenly somebody step out ... a orderly exit and brushes past . Frank breath a sigh of relief and step in . int . hospital elevator , padua - night Frank press the button for receptione et Terre and wait a interminable four second for the door to close . slowly the elevator descend ... and stop . the door open . a big man stand with he back to we , block the exit . Frank shrink away , with nowhere to hide . the man turn . 48 . he 's a male nurse , wait to get into the lift . he stand aside to allow Frank to leave . Frank take a step out ... ... and see scarface talk to the receptionist . hurriedly , Frank reverse back into the elevator . frank ( to the nurse ) wrong floor . then , just before the door close , scarface turn ... he eye meet franks . he start towards the elevator ... but the door shut first . the lift stop again . the door open on the first tier of the subterranean car park . Frank leap off . int . underground car park , padua hospital - night limp and terrify , Frank jog towards the ramp mark uscita in the far corner . a engine roar split the silence . the light blind Frank in the darkness as the car career towards he . he fall to he knee . the car skid to a stop . the door fly open . he squint . sitting behind the wheel , calm and beautiful as ever , be cara . he stare . cara what be you wait for ? get in . int . cara' car - night he climb into the car . she turn to he as she pull out . cara do you miss I ? frank a little . he glance anxiously over she shoulder . 49 . frank ( cont 'd ) um ... you may not believe this but there be some people try to kill I -- cara ( calm ) I know . Cara drive toward the ramp . he look at she . frank do you know why ? cara it 's because I kiss you . she stop the car and wait for the metal gate at the top of the ramp to open . it rise with a loud creak to reveal ... a black car with two man inside . one of they step out and duck under the gate as it rise up . while he 's briefly silhouett by the car 's headlight we glimpse the outline of a automatic weapon . cara ( cont 'd ) shit . with remarkable sangfroid she cut the engine and let she car roll backwards , glide silently and perfectly into a parking spot . silence . they watch the black car slowly descend the ramp . the Russian with the gun in he hand walk carefully alongside . Frank watch , hold he breath . the sound of another engine cut through the silence . a pair of headlight come up from the level below . close on the car . the male nurse from the elevator be drive up toward the exit ramp , toward the exit where the Russians be wait . close on the gunman slip back into the shadow and readying he gun to fire . 50 . frank see what be about to happen . his face betray he concern . he reach for the door . click . Cara press the central door lock . Frank 's door do not budge . he look over at she . frank ( be : the nurse ) that guy have nothing to do with this . cara neither do you . he look she straight in the eye . she relent . cara ( cont 'd ) okay . if you want to play hero ... she turn over the ignition . cara ( cont 'd ) hold on . Cara revs the car and pull out fast , cut off the nurse 's car . he lean on the horn . at the top of the exit ramp , the metal parking gate be slowly be lower . she weave around the black car , deliberately head for the gunman . he open fire . brrrrraaap !! bullet spray wildly , ricochete off the wall , shatter windshield ... Frank cover he face as a side - window pop , shower he with glass . the gunman be force to jump out of the way as Cara scrape the side of she car along the wall . spark fly . the black car burn rubber as it u-turn to follow she . she gun it up the ramp towards the close door . frank there 's not enough room ! cara there 's enough room . 51 . the fence whir at head height and keep lowering . the black car be close in behind they . frank we will not make it ! cara I think Americans be optimist . at the last second he duck instinctively and close he eye . the gate clip the top of Cara 's car with a tremendous clang ! traps it . Cara press she foot all the way down on the accelerator . smoke pour from the tire . crash ! the black car ram they from behind . a Russian lean out the window and fire at the outline of Cara and Frank 's head . bullet shatter the back window . Cara push Frank 's head down . the sound of burn gear as the engine hit its limit . suddenly , scraping paint , Cara 's car spring forward , jetting out onto the street . the fence drop further and shudder to a halt . the black car be trap . the Russians can only watch as Cara speed away . CUT to : int . cara' car - night the quiet hum of the autostrade be the only sound in the car . Frank sit in a daze . he turn to she . frank do I look that much like Alexander pearce ? Cara turn sharply . 52 . cara how do you know --? Frank hold up he wrist . frank the watch . she hesitates . a pause . cara I do not know . you be about he size . that 's all . frank ( incredulous ) you do not know what you own boyfriend look like ? cara Alexander cross a very dangerous man . he change he appearance in order to vanish . frank great . cara do not worry . I be take you somewhere you will be safe . frank we should go to the police . cara because they do such a good job protect you before ? Frank do not respond . cara ( cont 'd ) trust I . Frank look at she . then relent , lean he head back against the support and close he eye . fade to black : 53. ext . outskirt of venice - morning the car be park along a muddy canal . beside it run a small disconnect set of palazzo . Cara shake Frank . he will not wake up . cara Frank ... Frank . he 's snore . she pinch he nose close ... he startles awake . she smile mischievously . on a side STREET he follow she past abandon tricycle and very old man sit on stone step . frank and I think I would not get to do any sight - see . Frank step over a greenish puddle . cara here we be . she pause before a run-down palazzo . int . run down palazzo , hall - night the narrow hall be dark and shabby . Cara walk up the stair to a door on the landing . she open it with a key . int . pearce's " safe house " - night it be completely dark inside . the two of they maneuver in the darkness . the sound of a hand bump against a wall . finally somebody find the light switch and -- cara hold a .38 Taurus pistol in front of she . Frank happen to be right in she line of sight . he flinch . 54 . frank whoa ! cara sorry . she quickly direct the gun away from he . Frank lean over , catch he breath . Cara start to giggle . Frank start to laugh too . int . kitchen , pearce be " safe house " - night the apartment appear as if it be lease , stock and then never set foot in again . brand new appliance that have never be use . Frank walk over to a flat screen tv and curiously peel off the protective clear film ... he look up and see : Cara have she head inside the oven . frank what be you do ? she pull out , a flashlight in she mouth . cara make sure no one sabotage the gas line . Frank watch she walk over to the fuse box . minute later Frank poke through the cupboard . stock with fine olive , tin of expensive smoke fish , viand , stew fruit from orchard in France . he open the icebox . Inside be freeze meat and fish . he pull out one package of freeze orange steak - it be label " barracuda , caught antigua , 8/07 " . frank he go barracuda fishing ? Cara have pour herself a glass of wine . cara he go marlin fishing . you catch the barracudas by accident . 55 . Frank look at the steak ... int . dine area , pearce be " safe house " - later close on the fish -- now seasoned , grill and surround by whipped sweet potato , beet and almond . Frank place a plate before Cara who sit with she wine at pearce 's oak table . she look appreciatively at she plate . cara and she leave you for a cook ? Frank smile and pour himself a glass of wine . Cara take a bite . cara ( cont 'd ) mmmmm ! that 's decadent . frank with this ingredient , it 's not hard . Frank savor a bite of he meal . frank ( cont 'd ) you know something ? food taste better after you have be shot at . Cara laugh . she clink he glass . cara I be glad I decide to come back for you , Frank Taylor . they watch one another eat for several moment . frank can I ask you a question . she set down she fork . leans back . frank ( cont 'd ) what 's it like ? be a criminal ? cara ( scoff ) I be not a criminal . 56 . frank you carry a gun , you consort with people be chase by killer ... I hate to break it to you , but -- cara okay , I be a criminal . she take a big gulp of wine . move over to the sofa . cara ( cont 'd ) I do not mean for thing to turn out like this . I always live by a certain code . but then ... I break it . she lapse into silence . Frank come and sit beside she . frank for Alexander pearce ? she do not answer . which be a answer . frank ( cont 'd ) what 's he like ? a beat . cara he 's the most interesting man I have ever know . when I first meet he , I be not expect that . he take I by surprise . she shift deeper into the leather cushion as if relive a memory of sensual pleasure . cara ( cont 'd ) if I would be prepare , I might not have love he . but I be not . so I do . she frown into she empty wine glass . Frank slide a little closer . frank ( soft ) I do not regret it , you know . cara regret what ? 57 . frank kiss you . he look into she eye . they be sit very close on the sofa . the light be low . the mood be romantic ... Frank put a arm over she shoulder and lean in for a kiss -- Cara stand abruptly . cara what be you do ? he look up at she , questioningly . frank I think ... cara you think what ? that I see you on the train and my heart stop ? that all my life I have be wait for a math teacher from the Midwest to sweep I off my foot ? Frank do not respond . cara ( cont 'd ) I pick you because of you height . do you understand ? he do . his humiliation complete , he rise with as much dignity as he can muster and carry the plate into the kitchen . Cara look after he ... exasperate yet already sorry for be so blunt . she be about to say something when ... her cell phone ring . a special ring . she answer right away . ext . piazza san marco - evening the englishman stroll the piazza San Marco . follow he from behind as he speak into he phone . the englishman have you be read the newspaper ? 58 . in the safe house Cara narrow she focus . she walk away from Frank , steal away into the bedroom . her heart be beat . cara yes ... there be nothing there today . be ... be it you ? alexa -- the englishman no name . not on the phone . int . interpol field hq , venice - evening the wave pattern of the man 's voice shimmer on a computer monitor . goyal and ackerman stand watch , hang on every word . the englishman ( v.o. ) ( from the speaker ) it 's be a busier weekend than I expect . ackerman place he . place he ! a horn-rimmed aide zeroe in on a map screen . the screen give he a map of venice . then zoom into a map of the san marco district ... int . bedroom , " safe house " - continuous Cara hold one finger in she ear , listen intently . the englishman ( v.o. ) there 's a recipe in a tuscan cookbook there I need . would you look it up for I ? cara do we really need another " recipe ? " the englishman I want to make sure we guest be surprised . 59 . ext . piazza san marco - evening the englishman pass the lagoon to he leave , and enter a enormous courtyard , the Arco foscari . he look down at he watch ... the englishman you be a brave and loyal girl . I be in awe of you . int . interpol field hq , venice - evening the computer map hone in on the piazza san marco ... ackerman go! go! go! goyal be already out the door and ackerman grab he kevlar vest and follow , racing down the step ... int . bedroom , " safe house " - continuous Cara fold she arm as she listen . cara that 's because you leave everything up to I . she pout , only partially joke . cara ( cont 'd ) I be fine by the way , in case you be concerned about I . the englishman ( playful ) my only concern be for that who cross you , my love . ext . piazza san marco - evening at last the englishman arrive before the lower colonnade of the doge's palace , the seat of medieval venetian civic government . it be a wonder of gothic architecture with spire pierce the blue sky . he gaze up at it for a moment . 60 . the englishman you may not believe it , but every step of this miserable game be take in the hope of earning you trust and ever-last regard . I mean that . the englishman be at the ponte del suspiri - - the " Bridge of sigh . " int . bedroom , " safe house " - evening Cara 's expression soften . cara you have a talent for say the right thing . ( to herself ) you always do . outside the bedroom door Frank listen to the end of Cara 's conversation , he forehead crease with concern . ext . piazza san marco , cafe - night the englishman close he phone and disappear into the crowd . int . bedroom , " safe house " - night Cara speak urgently . cara wait -- the line be dead . ext . ponte del suspiri - second later a silent caravan of three black suv 's - a strange sight in Venice - pull up in perimeter around the Bridge of sigh and skid to a stop . ackerman and the other leap out , look around . then ackerman see it : the englishman 's cell phone , sit on the cobblestone . 61 . they approach . goyal kneel to pick it up with a plastic bag . goyal we should check for print . maybe he forget to wipe it down ... ackerman I doubt it . ackerman look around . int . bedroom , " safe house " - night holding she now unimportant phone in she hand , Cara draw herself up and walk into the sitting area Frank lie asleep on the couch . Cara walk to the kitchen and retrieve the tuscan cookbook . think herself unobserve , she open it . a page have be turn down . a recipe for lamb . Cara pull out she red , feel - tip pen . she find a sentence in the recipe with a single pen dot beside it . tapping she pen under letter on the page , Cara work out the code , memorize the content of the message and close the book . on frank his eye be open . ext . venice - morning establish shot of the city as it come to life in the winter time . boat be push out into the canal ... trash be hose from the cobblestone street ... tables and chair be set out at sidewalk cafe , wait for the tourist to come ... 62 . int . sitting room , " safe house " - morning with a unfamiliar gentleness , Cara approach Frank sleep on the sofa and touch he shoulder . cara Frank ... I have to go . he open he eye and look at she . cara ( cont 'd ) do not go out . all you need be here . in four or five day everything will be resolve ... frank resolved ? cara it will all be over . I will give you the all clear and you can go back to you life . this will be a great adventure you can look back on . frank when will I see you again ? cara never . she look at he evenly ; one last glance between two people from two completely different world . cara ( cont 'd ) good-bye , Frank . she leave . int . run down palazzo , hall - day she have start down the stair when Frank appear on the landing . he lean over the balustrade . frank be he worth it ? cara get back inside . she have stop mid-flight . 63. frank you be go to risk everything for he . would he do the same for you ? she be quite straightforward in she response . cara it do not matter . I love he . frank he do not deserve it . she shake she head . cara none of this be you business anymore . now get back inside Frank ! just as she raise she voice a door open below they in the hall , and a old man come out . he look up at Cara . old man signorina . this be exactly what she do not want . but she control she annoyance , nod in greeting and continue towards the front door . cara ( to the neighbor ) mi dispiace , signor . the Old neighbor nod as Cara walk out the door . he admire Cara 's shapely form as she cross the cobblestone street and disappear into the alley . he glance back up at Frank and whistle appreciatively . Frank turn and go back inside . int . interpol field hq , venice - day ackerman sit in a office chair , gently revolve . Jones , goyal and Jean luc be there as well . ackerman why do woman find this con man so appeal ? Jones be the only woman nearby ... 64 . jone do not look at I . I marry my personal trainer . ( sotto Jean luc ) she 's twenty - six . Jean luc can not tell if she 's serious . ackerman how do pearce seduce that beautiful woman ? be it he charm ? his look ? goyal look change . ackerman sip from he ten thousandth cup of espresso . ackerman maybe it 's because if he adore himself and spend every moment gratify he desire , so then can she . he look around to see if the other like this theory . ackerman ( cont 'd ) she can become a child again . who would not want that ? there be a bitterness in ackerman 's tone that reveal he be personally hurt by this . goyal 's blackberry make a beep . goyal she 's on the move . time to go . ackerman push himself wearily to he foot . ackerman by all mean . let 's follow the child . int . kitchen , " safe house " - day page through the cookbook , Frank locate the page . he smile in recognition at the familiar code pattern of red dot . he pull out a pen ... 65 . int . bathroom , " safe house " - day Frank examine a sleek , tiny electric razor that resemble a lollipop . turn it on , he apply it . please , he keep shave . get out of the shower , Frank enjoy the soft frette towel . int . master bedroom , " safe house " - day in the closet be dozen of flawless , custom - tailore suit . flip through the rack like a discern shopper , Frank arrive at a suit that catch he fancy . elegant and simple . in the mirror Frank struggle to close Alexander pearce 's pants around he lightly padded mid-section ... a little too tight . Frank be irritate to discover he 's not quite as trim as pearce . on the bedroom floor Frank engage himself in a spontaneous program of calisthenics . he struggle through a batch of push -up , then sit up . in the mirror Frank floss he tooth . then he back up , take in he outfit . the line of the suit highlight he frame . he like what he see . int . demidov be HOTEL room - day demidov be get dress . it 's a elaborate ritual : carefully press pants , irone shirt , starch collar , etc . his two bodyguard stand nervously at attention , watch he . 66 . demidov when I be a young man , time be very hard . when a opportunity present itself , you take it . he pat talcum powder on himself . the man remain stone - face . demidov ( cont 'd ) I be twelve year old when gregor ask I if I be ready for a man 's job . he be the top chelovek in we housing block . so I say yes . he give I a crowbar and tell I to go bash in the skull of another boy who have steal something from he . he point at he platinum cufflink on a bedside table and snap he finger . scarface hand they to he . demidov ( cont 'd ) now it just so happen this boy be a friend of mine . I do not want to do this terrible thing . but when you come from the street , you have no choice . he carefully knot he tie in the mirror . demidov ( cont 'd ) I work very hard for year to get past that life . so I would not have to do this terrible thing . so I would have a choice ... he turn and smile at he thick - necked bodyguard . he gesture toward the man 's holster pistol -- demidov ( cont 'd ) I have people like you to do this thing for I ... he hold out he hand ; thick neck hand he the pistol . demidov ( cont 'd ) except that you do not ! suddenly demidov pistol whip the man across the face ! blood explode from thick neck 's nose . he fall down to one knee , clutching he face in pain . 67 . scarface look on in fear . demidov calm himself almost as quickly as he lose he temper . he drop the gun on the carpet and step back in disgust . demidov ( cont 'd ) if you do you job properly , I would not have to get my hand dirty , you piece of shit . he turn and walk into the bathroom to wash he hand . CUT to : ext . cipriani HOTEL - day heel click on the cobblestone , Cara stride quickly along the palazzo vendramin en route to the cipriani . she check she watch . then walk faster . she pass a smallish transporto via cargo ( supply boat ) float in the lagoon beside the palazzo . Cara approach the poolside hotel restaurant . int . cipriani HOTEL - day from a second story suite of room , the englishman peer through the curtain . he see Cara seat herself at a table between the pool and the lagoon . his eye settle on the transporto . worker step on and off , carry fresh linen into the hotel . he leave the window . int . transporto - day there be a small cabin on the deck . Inside the cabin , ackerman , goyal , a videographer , a signal surveillance officer and a coordinate tactic officer huddle . ackerman stare out the tinted window . ackeerman Pov - he can just see Cara sit at the table . 68 . ext . cipriani HOTEL , poolside restaurant - day fanning herself with a newspaper , Cara discreetly evaluate the man in she sight line . venetian civic leader chat by the bar , tourist read map ... over she sunglass she catch sight of a pair of young lover drunk in each other 's grasp in the pool . she turn away . int . transporto - day squint , ackerman evaluate he placement . - a waiter , idling at he buss station , he eye roam the palazzo . - a vaporetto captain , who quietly turn away request for a ride into St. Marks Square , he finger to he ear . - a older couple sit a few seat away from Cara . and a agente DI polizia ( police patrolman ) loud and jovial , joke with passersby , while quietly check he earpiece . he speak into the air . agente DI polizia ( v.o. ) ( from the speaker ) eh , we do not know any further ... characteristic ? ackerman ( press a button ) you know what we know . ext . cipriani HOTEL , poolside restaurant - day the video camera swivel to follow a man , elegantly dress , with trim hair who swiftly approach Cara 's table ... in the transporto stand up , ackerman hold he hand up . 69 . ackerman ( into the speaker ) hold ... wait for my signal ... at the restaurant Cara glance up from she menu as she sense the elegant man approach . the waiter walk quickly toward Cara 's table ... the elegant man be frank . in the transporto ackerman stare at the monitor with Frank 's face on it . he 's quietly furious . ackerman what be that fool do in the middle of my operation ? at the restaurant Cara stare slack - jaw at Frank . he have give himself a complete make -over . New haircut . pearce 's suit fit he well . he look terrific . Cara notice before quickly recover she composure . frank time for Alexander and I to meet face to face . cara ( quietly ) I do not know what you be talk about . please go , I would like to have a quiet coffee . Frank sit at the table with Cara and eat a cashew . in the transporto ackerman bark whisper order into the speaker : 70 . ackerman ( frustrated ) move off . move off . the undercover waiter quickly move away from Cara 's table . ackerman stare at the monitor which capture Cara 's angry expression . ackerman ( cont 'd ) ( talk to the screen ) get rid of he ! at the poolside restaurant defiantly , Frank pull he chair in closer to Cara . he signal to a different thin waiter . frank ( to the waiter ) Caffe , per favore ? Frank turn back to Cara , who call out -- cara cameriere ! no caffe for signor ! frank ( contradict she ) with milk ! she stare at he . cara do you want to be dead ? frank not particularly , but I be tired of be afraid . I have be run around like a frighten mouse long enough and I have decide I be finish . Frank pull out a gitane cigarette . he light it , smoking while he talk . 71 . frank ( cont 'd ) when I first see the name I get scared : " Alexander pearce . " he even sound like some super cool master criminal with Russian enemy and the beautiful girlfriend ... he probably work out . he might own a pizza shop on the side for all I know . Frank frown at the cigarette . frank ( cont 'd ) this be disgusting . int . transporto - day goyal be seat at the communication station . on the monitor - Frank be settle in opposite Cara . goyal he 's not go anywhere . ackerman peer directly out the window , as if he 's go to see something different . ackerman put lipetti in . tell he to play it like he 's deal with a rowdy guest -- escort he out . ext . cipriani HOTEL , poolside restaurant - day Cara look all around . no sign of any suitor approach . close on : the hand of the thin waiter , who sprinkle pepper carefully , presumably onto a dish . he then platter the dish and lift it over he shoulder . cara Frank , you have no idea what you be stick you nose into . frank probably not . but I be do it anyway . Alexander pearce nearly get I kill . it be he idea , right ? ( more ) 72 . frank ( cont 'd ) he tell you to pick out some random sap on the train to take a bullet for he , do not he ? Frank work himself up , draw courage from he anger . frank ( cont 'd ) well I be not play the role anymore . I be go to confront he . he 's suppose to meet you here , be not he ? I be go to tell he exactly what I think of he . cara wonderful . another macho idiot . ( to the waiter ) conto , per favore ! Frank lean in . frank what 's the lure , Cara ? obviously not he character . be it the money ? the luxury ? what 's any of that worth if you be get shot at and you could go to jail ? cara I be leave Frank . frank he 's smooth , right ? he probably have mistress in every european city , too . cara it 's really a shame you have scared he off -- she toss some euros on the table . cara ( cont 'd ) the two of you make a nice couple . the thin waiter arrive with a platter . he set it down in front of Cara . the undercover waiter now move toward the table with a grim expression ... the thin waiter remove the platter . Cara look down . 73. spell out in salt and pepper on the plate be the follow : " my villa . tonight . 8 pm . " Cara no sooner read it than the thin waiter , who we now see be the englishman ... ... blows on the platter , scatter the salt and pepper granule to the wind . frank what the hell ? as Frank look up . the englishman have already turn away , but the undercover waiter be move quickly toward Cara 's table . the undercover waiter pick up speed , change course slightly . we see he 's after the englishman who be about to enter the restaurant kitchen ... then frank step in front of the undercover waiter , mistake he for pearce . frank ( cont 'd ) be this he ? cara Frank ! int . transporto - day ackerman slap the cabin table . ackerman abort ! abort , goddammit ! the poolside restaurant the undercover waiter try to move past Frank . frank you hide out poolside and send you girlfriend and a total stranger to face the murderer who be after you ? not much of a tough guy , be you ? Frank shove he back . 74 . frank ( cont 'd ) where I come from , we do not treat woman like that ! Frank grab the undercover waiter 's collar with unaccustom strength . Cara quietly pick up she bag and leave the restaurant . she walk as fast as she can without be notice toward the palazzo vendramin . in the midst of he scuffle , Frank look around and realize she 's go . the undercover waiter 's earpiece fall out in the melee ... Frank see it and hesitates . maybe this guy be not pearce . int . transporto - day get up from he seat in the cabin , ackerman gesture for the captain of the transporto to leave the dock . on the monitor : Frank look around and see Cara : fifty foot away . walk with purpose . ackerman that goddamn fool . ackerman rub he face and squat down , frustrated beyond measure . goyal what do we do with he ? ackerman throw he in the lagoon . CUT to : ext . palazzo vendramin - day Frank brushes past table , hit the street and run down the palazzo , toward Cara . frank Cara ! Cara say nothing . she just shoot Frank a angry glance and climb onto a vaporetto ( water taxi ) . 75 . Frank run to the edge of the water as it motor away . suddenly he feel the presence of somebody behind he . two of ackeerman men be right there . they pin he arm forcefully . agent ok signor ... you can come with we now . Frank look at the two big man on either side of he . then at Cara disappear over the water . the fight drain out of he and he do not resist . CUT to : int . interrogation room - day Frank sit alone in the sparsely furnish , windowless room . a table , two chair . a large mirror on the wall . Frank straighten he slightly dishevel suit , as if he 's be dumped here without ceremony . he glance in the mirror periodically , suspicious . the door open and ackerman enter . he pull up one of the chair and gesture for Frank to do the same . ackerman please ... he look Frank up and down . ackerman ( cont 'd ) Nice suit . frank it 's borrow . ackerman it 's a good fit . frank unfortunately . ackerman reach into he breast pocket and take out he interpol credential . toss they on the table for Frank to see . 76 . frank ( cont 'd ) Police ... better than the alternative I suppose . ackerman smile . Frank remain defiant . he jerk he head toward the mirror confidently . frank ( cont 'd ) who 's watch from behind there ? ackerman look over at the mirror , take off guard by the question . he stand and go to the mirror -- lift it off its hook and set it on the floor . nothing but plain wall underneath . ackerman sit back down . Frank be a little bit chasten . ackerman you have a vivid imagination . frank I have not need it lately . ackerman smile . frank ( cont 'd ) you be in for a disappointment . I be not Alexander pearce . ackerman I know that . Frank look up . frank since when ? ackerman since the beginning . Frank stare at he blankly ... frank how ...? ackerman come . I want to show you something Frank . CUT to : 77 . int . interpol field hq , venice - day ackerman lead Frank through the maze of desk and police . various member of the task force follow they progress ... Jean luc , Jones , etc . they arrive at a central intel area where goyal sit in front of several computer monitor . he look up as ackerman and Frank arrive . ackerman ( to goyal ) pull up the cid Academy graduate class for 2002 . goyal raise a eyebrow , but do as he 's tell . a few moment later a photo of police recruit in uniform come up on screen . ackerman ( cont 'd ) take a good look . Frank peer at the screen . he spot the instructor -- ackerman seven year young . frank you ? ackerman take a look at the second row . insert close up on the screen . Frank examine the second row . one of the young woman be ... cara mason . her hair be pull back . she look more the determine police cadet than the sexy siren ... but it 's definitely she . frank Cara ... he be dumbfounded . ackerman we have be watch you this entire time . frank ( dawn ) you see that man try to kill I and you do not intervene ? 78 . ackerman I be try to apprehend a major criminal . I be not a babysitter . Frank grow angry . frank I want to speak with somebody at the american embassy . I be go to tell they that you and you undercover officer knowingly and recklessly endangered the life of a american citizen ! let 's see what my government have to say about that ! Jones clear she throat from a chair across the room . jone we be aware of the situation , Mr. Taylor . but we take a long view of this thing ... fortunately you be unhurt ... Frank be incredulous . frank then I will go to the press . I will tell the entire story to the New York Times . ackerman ( quietly ) no . I do not think you will do that . frank why not ? ackerman because I do not think you want to see Cara 's entire career destroy . Frank fall silent . ackerman put a arm around he shoulder and lead he away from the other . ackerman ( cont 'd ) espresso ? CUT to : 79 . ext . interpol field hq , venice - day Frank stand on a balcony overlook a waterway . ackerman emerge with two cup of espresso . hand one to Frank . ackerman woman like Cara do not come along very often . frank in my case , they do not come along at all . ackerman she 's the worst combination : stun look and a brilliant mind . frank if she 's so smart , how do she get catch up with pearce ? ackerman it start out as a straightforward placement ... int . doge's palace - day [ flashback ] Cara ( young ) pose as a art student , sketching a sculpture in the anticollegio . ackerman ( v.o. ) ... we run she deep cover to build a case against pearce . it take . he hire she as a assistant . she turn she face and smile at a unseen man . ext . yacht - day [ flashback ] the wind blow in Cara 's hair . she sit on the top deck . a man' hand pass she a drink as he walk by . she smile at he ( again we do not see he face ) . ackerman ( v.o. ) then she begin miss drop . omitting important detail . 80 . ext . balcony - resume scene ackerman turn to Frank . ackerman she be no longer with we . she be with he . ackerman finish he espresso . ackerman ( cont 'd ) she explain it now as the confusion of she new life outside the academy . that I misread she capacity for this kind of work . frank then why be you still use she ? ackerman she 's all I have , Mr. Taylor . beat . frank you think she will turn he in this time ? ackerman I do not know . goyal walk up behind ackerman wait patiently for a moment to interrupt he . ackerman ( cont 'd ) I do know however , that you be very smitten with she . Frank look back at he evenly . frank it 's not just I , be it ? ackerman acknowledge the point with the barest of nod . goyal signal that ackerman have a phone call . CUT to : 81 . ext . grand salone , venice - day the principal apartment of a venetian palazzo , look out over the Grand Canal . Cara hold she cell phone to she ear as she walk . ackerman ( v.o. ) Cara ? where have you be ? intercut with ackerman on the phone at he office . cara have you get he ? ackerman you mean the idiot who ruin we operation ? cara have you get he ? ackerman glance out the window at Frank . ackerman yes . Cara be relieved . cara it 's you own fault . we never should have endangered a civilian . you should have put a agent into place . ackerman there be no time . besides pearce be too smart for that ; he would have spot the agent a mile away . cara he do not spot I . ackerman smile bitterly . ackerman apparently he do not have to . Cara do not answer . ackerman regret the jibe . he step into a hallway where it 's quiet . 82. ackerman ( cont 'd ) I be sorry Cara . that be uncall for . on her face as she listen to he . ackerman ( cont 'd ) I be on edge because of we failure today . if only the american have not mess everything up ... I feel sure pearce would show up today . cara what make you think he do not ? ackerman 's face light up ... CUT to : int . interpol field hq , venice - day ackerman stride into the room , call for attention . ackerman okay everybody , listen up . Jones , quinn , Jean luc and the rest of the team assemble . goyal have Frank with he , drag he around like a lose puppy dog ... ackerman ( cont 'd ) we have a location and time for the next meet . pearce 's villa . eight o'clock . we have to move fast -- jone pearce 's own villa ? why would he risk go back there ? he must know we would be watch . jean luc perhaps he 's nostalgic . ackerman I doubt that . maybe there 's something of value still there . he leave in a hurry after all . jone call in a search team . 83. ackerman we searched the place after the raid last year . if there 's anything hide there , only pearce know where it be . he pick up he coat . ackerman ( cont 'd ) we need to get agent in place all around the villa . Frank speak up unexpectedly . frank if you be all around he house , will he show up ? a dozen head turn to look at he . ackerman if I need you advice Mr. Taylor , I would ask . Frank shrink down in he chair . a beat . ackerman turn back to the rest of the room . ackerman ( cont 'd ) establish a wide perimeter . we will keep we distance and wire the entire villa for video surveillance . the meeting break up . everybody jump into action . on quinn as he slip out a side door . CUT to : int . cipriani HOTEL - day a standard hotel room -- no lavish suite this time . Cara stand in front of the mirror . her shirt be unbuttone as she work to attach a tiny microphone to she bra . the tape get stick to itself and she have to start over ... a knock on she hotel room door . 84 . cara come in . Frank enter the room . see she half - dress -- frank I be sorry . cara it 's okay . come over here . I need you help . in a echo of they first meeting on the train ( but without the false flirtation ) she turn to he and hand he a piece of tape . they eye meet . a flicker of a smile pass between they . Frank 's finger be perfectly steady this time as he help she secure the microphone and do up she shirt . frank ackerman tell I everything . she take a deep breath . cara I be sorry Frank . frank there 's no apology necessary . he step back from she . she smooth she blouse . turn to he . cara ( be : the wire ) how do I look ? frank like the most beautiful woman on earth . the complete honesty and directness of he compliment take she by surprise . she 's strangely move by it . she brushes she hand affectionately over he cheek . cara when will you go home ? 85 . frank ackerman ask I to stay with the surveillance team in case the thug who come after I at the danieli show up . I be the only one who can identify they . something occur to Frank . frank ( cont 'd ) do you tell he to keep a eye on I ? cara ( bust ) I tell he to make sure you be safe until this be over . he nod . a little pleased at she concern . frank you should not worry about I . what about you ? cara what about I ? frank what be you go to do ? she take a beat , then put she game face on . cara my job . CUT to : ext . alexander's villa - night a light mist . the sound of water lap against the shore . the scene be familiar ... almost identical to the night of the raid just over a year ago . then a wind pick up and blow the mist clear . reveal a undercover policeman with a earpiece walk a dog a block away ... on a rooftop three block away - a sniper with a scope . inside a apartment - a female agent with binocular scan the empty street below . 86 . on the corner - two block down be a village church . int . church - continuous ackerman and he team have set up a make- shift surveillance outpost here . the high - tech equipment look incongruous with the thousand year - old stone wall and wear oak pews . a bank of monitor reveal various view of the inside and outside of Alexander 's villa . Frank hover in the background behind ackerman . he notice ackerman have a copy of the International Herald tribune . frank you all read the same newspaper . ackerman it 's a good paper . and sell throughout the world . make the classified ad especially useful ... Frank nod . ackerman sit down next to Frank as if he be a old pal instead of a quasi-captive . ackerman ( cont 'd ) since the internet come about , hardly anybody use old school method like that to communicate anymore . except Alexander pearce . no line to tap . no signal to intercept . ( admiringly ) he 's a very clever man , you double . frank I look forward to meeting he . ackerman so do i. ext . waterway - night a patrol boat circle in the canal behind the villa . one of ackerman 's italian agent be at the wheel . he see a flat- bottome black boat motor toward he . a light from the boat shine in he eye . 87 . agent ( in italian ) you will have to turn around , sir . there 's be a chemical spill in this area -- fwwwap ! a silence bullet strike he in the forehead . the agent topple into the water with a gentle splash . the black boat steer around the rudderless patrol boat and head toward the villa ... int . alexander's villa - night binocular Pov - a lone female figure walk down the cobblestone street toward the villa . cara . surveillance agent ( v.o. ) she 's approach the destination now . ext . back of the villa - night the black boat slip underneath some mooring . a glove hand toss a grapple hook up to a beam ten foot overhead . it catch . the boat be tie off . silently , a mask figure begin to climb from the boat up into the bottom floor of the villa in the semi- darkness . int . surveillance outpost in church on the monitor we see pearce's entry hall . Cara unlock the front door with a key and walk inside . int . alexander's villa / video monitor - continuous track from screen to screen as we follow Cara move through the desert room . everything be cold and lifeless . like a palace that have be turn into a museum . 88. int . church - continuous while everyone be focus on the monitor show Cara 's progress , Frank notice some movement in a monitor far off to one side ... it show the lower floor of the house . frank ( point ) who 's that ? they all turn to look . a male figure , he face mask , approach the lens of the surveillance camera ... blink ! the feed shut off . ackerman bark at a technician . ackerman what happen ? get it back on line ! the surveillance tech begin madly punch button , etc . jone be that pearce ? goyal how do he know there would be a camera ? blink ! another monitor go dark . then another . jone he 's take out the entire surveillance system -- ackerman stop he . technician I can not ! he 's cut the feed at the source . Frank look anxiously at Cara on the monitor climb the stair ... blink ! she disappear from view as well . everybody start talk . 89 . jean luc how can one man move through the house that fast ? goyal ( overlap ) what should we do ? ackerman shut up ! everyone . they quiet down . ackerman turn to the tech . ackerman ( cont 'd ) do we still have audio ? the tech nod . ackerman ( cont 'd ) turn it up . everybody in the Church stand stock still . stare at the dark monitor . listen . Cara 's footstep click up the stair and then slow ... they move tentatively across the floor . we hear a thump . a door or a heavy footstep ? Cara 's breathe get louder . there 's somebody else in the building . cara ( v.o. ) Alexander ? no response . click , clack , click ... she take a few step . on frank -- concerned . on ackerman -- calm . int . alexander's villa , penthouse - night Cara stand in the center of the large room . she catch sight of she reflection in the large floor - to- ceiling window . there 's a movement in the doorway behind she ... she spin around to face ... demidov . he and he two man have remove they mask . 90 . demidov sorry to disappoint you , my dear . he step toward she . Cara pale . int . church - night everybody strain to hear what be happen . jone ( whisper ) who be that ? demidov ( v.o. ) how be you this evening ? cara ( v.o. ) ( a tremor in she voice ) Fine , thank you . jean luc the accent be Russ -- ackerman shh ! ( quietly ) it 's Ivan demidov . Jones look at he . jone ( uncertainly ) not possible . intercut with the villa Cara take a step back toward the window . demidov follow . demidov you be wait for someone , Ms. mason ? Cara do not reply . demidov ( cont 'd ) you have not see Alexander pearce in a long time , yes ? I be sure it will be a touch reunion . ( more ) 91 . demidov ( cont 'd ) if you do not mind , we will keep you company while you wait . goyal ( anxious ) what be we go to do ? ackerman we be go to wait for Alexander pearce . just like they . ext . rooftop - night sniper be Pov - cara have maneuver close enough to the window that she be visible . as they approach , demidov and he two man come into range as well . sniper ( into he radio mic ) she 's bring they to the window ... int . church - continuous everybody be listen . sniper ( v.o. ) ... there be three of they . on franks face - he look around at the cop desperately hope somebody will do something . they all look to ackerman . int . alexander's villa , penthouse - night demidov circle Cara dangerously close . demidov not very polite of you boyfriend to keep you wait . cara he lose track of time easily . demidov I have a hard time believe that . ( pause ) perhaps he 's already here somewhere ... hide ... even watch we . 92 . inside the church demidov ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? a long silence . the tension grow . then we hear ... a loud slap . everyone in the room flinch . demidov ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you know ... I have a feel he be around here somewhere . and if he care about you ... if he want to see you lovely face again ... he should show up before it 's too late . another slap - more vicious than the first . this time Cara cry out in pain . goyal turn to ackerman . goyal Sir ? ackerman demidov 's right . he 's here somewhere ... another slap . another scream . Jean luc look to he colleague -- Jones , quinn ... then turn to ackerman . every one of they be about to burst . jean luc we have to do something -- ackerman we have to wait . jean luc yes but -- ackerman ( harsh ) she 's my agent . she 's my responsibility . a muffle thud . Cara groan and we hear she body hit the floor . that be not a slap . 93. every cop in the room be clenching he weapon . desperate for the order to move . to jump in and stop this . they be all look to ackerman to give the order . as the silence wear on , even Jones start to waver . she speak quietly to ackerman . jone what if he do not come ? ackerman do not respond . the lack of sound in the church be even more disturbing than before . suddenly goyal notice ... goyal where 's Taylor ? smash CUT to : ext . STREET - night Frank run for all he 's worth . pant for breath . int . alexander's villa - night Frank burst through the front door . race to the step without hesitate ... int . alexander's villa , penthouse - night Cara lie on she side at demidov 's foot . blood trickle from the side of she mouth . her eye be cloud with fear and pain as she view the room half - askew . then they suddenly come into focus as she see ... a figure walk into the room . frank . he stand motionless in the doorway , surprisingly calm . demidov turn . demidov ( lean down to Cara ) good news . he love you . 94 . demidov 's man take Frank by either arm and roughly drag he forward . Cara lift she head with a effort . cara that 's not Alexander pearce . demidov ignore she and walk up to Frank . demidov you know , Mr. pearce , I think I be finish with this sort of thing . but in you case , I have be force to make a exception . he hold out he hand and one of he thug give he a pistol and a silencer . cara he be not Alexander pearce ! demidov begin screwing the silencer onto the barrel . the thug push Frank to he knee . but he 's barely pay attention to they . his eye be lock on Cara . she meet he gaze . for a moment , it 's as if nothing else in the world exist but the two of they . he may only be a hapless tourist , but he love she . he 's the one here , willing to give up he life to save hers . cara ( cont 'd ) oh Frank ... I be so sorry . frank nothing to be sorry for . demidov finish attach the silencer . he point the gun at the back of Frank 's head . demidov good bye Mr. pearce . at this moment , Cara fill she lung and scream : cara ackerman ! 95 . she bend she head toward she cleavage , yell into the tiny microphone . cara ( cont 'd ) ( furious ) ackerman !! demidov be take off guard . int . church - continuous her scream echoe through the arched church . ackerman give the order . ackerman do it . ext . rooftop - night sniper be Pov - demidov and he gun- wield henchmen stand over Frank and Cara . int . alexander's villa , penthouse - continuous the huge , plate glass window shatter as the high power bullet slam through it ! everything explode in a mass of blood and glass . scarface be blow off he foot . his body hit the ground next to Frank ... he gun skitter across the floor . demidov look from the window to Cara with cold fury in he eye -- she 's the one who have call in the artillery . he raise he pistol toward she , point blank . bang ! the gunshot take he by surprise . he turn to see ... frank hold scarface 's smoking pistol in he hand . demidov just have time to process the fact that Frank be the one who shot he before the life drain from he eye and he topple ... demidov 's other bodyguard fire out the window wildly and make a run for it . Glass fly everywhere . Frank throw he body over Cara to protect she . 96 . a short and furious exchange of gunfire as the other plate glass window explode . Wood splinter fill the air as furniture be tear apart . finally ... one of the sniper 's bullet find its target and the bodyguard go down . Frank remain on top of Cara , shield she until long after everything have fall silent . ext . alexander's villa - night ackerman and he team approach , gun draw . undercover agent converge as well , close the perimeter . int . alexander's villa , penthouse - night Frank and Cara sit in the middle of the room amongst a sea of break glass . just get over the shock of be alive . frank be you all right ? Cara nod . she look at he for a long moment , then break out into a smile . cara I do well to choose you on the train ... Frank 's turn to smile . he look around the room at the carnage . frank you do not get to arrest Alexander pearce ... cara he never show up . Frank slide closer to she . gently , carefully , he slip he hand into Cara 's cleavage . surprise , Cara start to pull back -- but he put a finger to she lip . she hesitates ... look at he questioningly . but she do not protest as he finger move toward she bra ... 97 . ... and grasp the tiny microphone . with a sharp tug , he rip it free . he toss it across the room . then he lean a little closer and whisper in she ear : frank ( a british accent ) you be wrong . I be here . she straighten up . her heart skip a beat . frank ( cont 'd ) it 's I . I be here . she cover she mouth . her eye mist over with tear . she run she finger over he face with loving amazement . like a blind person try to recognize a familiar face . her mind reel ... then they lip meet . they kiss . and kiss . like drink from a fresh spring in the desert . finally she pull away and look at he . cara why ? frank you say I would tell so many lie , you would not believe I even if I do tell the truth ... this be the only way to convince you . ( pause ) the truth be that I love you . all that matter be that you believe I . she stare into he eye for a beat . finally look at she without a trace of deception . she believe . they hear voice on the stair below . Frank hold up a finger to she -- wait . Frank crawl across the room and press a hide latch on a build - in bookshelf . it swing out of the way to reveal a hide safe build into the floor . Frank remove the fitte floor board . there be a sophisticated bio - metric lock -- just like the one at the gate in the beginning of the movie . 98 . Frank place he finger on the spot and the lock click open . CUT to : int . alexander's villa - night track with ackerman up the stair . he lead the team into the penthouse . he look around at the mess as the agent fan out . Cara lean on Frank 's arm as she head for the exit . ackerman Cara ... I want the paramedics to make sure you be all right -- she blow right past he . ackerman call out after she . ackerman ( cont 'd ) Cara ... she pause . turn to face he . ackerman look down for a moment , ashamed . ackerman ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... I ... we will talk about this later . cara no we will not . there 's nothing to talk about . I do not work for you anymore . she walk past he . for a moment ackerman and Frank look at one another . ackerman Mr. Taylor ... you be free to go . he look at Frank with a measure of begrudge respect . ackerman ( cont 'd ) it seem I underestimate you . frank ( american accent ) it seem you do , Mr. ackerman . 99 . with that , Frank step out of the room . ackerman 's attention be distract by -- goyal Sir ... over here . take a look at this ! goyal have find the safe . ackerman come over and look . insert close up - the only thing in the safe be a single flash drive . goyal signal to one of the tech . he open a laptop on the desk and they plug in the flash drive to check the content . while they be do this , ackerman bend to inspect the bio -metric lock . ackerman he be here . Jones look on eagerly as number fill the screen . goyal account number ... access code ... unless I be mistaken ... he leave the money behind . jean luc a mistake perhaps ? jone how much be there ? goyal scan down to a total ... goyal look like 744 million . jone that 's no mistake ... ( walk over ) that 's he tax bill . she hold out she hand to the tech who have just remove the flash drive . jone ( cont 'd ) I will take that . she slip it into she pocket , then turn to ackerman . 100 . ackerman have move away . he 's stare down at the ground -- from behind he look like a man defeat . jone ( cont 'd ) well John ... with the fund recover , I do not think there 's go to be any appetite from we side to continue this investigation . ackerman 's shoulder be slump , stare at demidov 's dead body on the ground . Jones put a hand on he back , consol he . jone ( cont 'd ) I be sorry you do not get you man . then ackerman turn ... a big smile on he face . ackerman oh but I do get my man , Ms. Jones . she realize ; he be after demidov all along . ackerman nod to goyal , a twinkle in he eye . ackerman ( cont 'd ) Mr. goyal , you may place Mr. quinn under arrest now . quinn be take completely off guard . before he can move , goyal and another agent have place he in handcuffs . ackerman ( cont 'd ) ( to quinn ) what ? you think I do not know ? you be unwittingly quite helpful ; without you Mr. demidov might have escape justice . he turn to Jones with a smile . ackerman ( cont 'd ) after all , demidov be not a target of this investigation , be he ? ackerman walk over to the window as quinn be lead away . ackerman be Pov - Cara and Frank walk toward the canal in the street below . a water taxi approach . 101 . jone there 's something I do not understand ... how do pearce manage to get here and open that safe without anybody notice ? and where do he go ? ackerman stand at the window with he hand behind he back . for the briefest of moment , Frank look back up at he and they eye connect . Frank give he a little smile . Cara take he arm to climb onto the boat . close on ackerman : he eye narrow . he know . for a moment he do not move . then , in spite of himself , a small smile creep over he face too . ackerman because pearce be cleverer than all of we . CUT to : ext . water taxi - night Cara and Frank step on board . the driver start the engine . he turn to reveal ... that he be the " englishman " we have see throughout the movie . he and Frank look at one another for a moment . the englishman $ 20 million dollar worth of surgery and that 's the face you choose ? frank ( English accent ) it 's good to see you too . they embrace warmly . Cara be in disbelief , realize just how completely Frank / Alexander have plan thing out . she cast one last glance backwards . 102 . cara you really think they will just give up ? frank the Americans have they money . I leave it all for they . cara what about demidov 's money ? frank well ... ( smile ) you have to save something for you pension . the englishman open the door to the cabin for they . a bottle of Crystal Champagne and two glass be set out for they . Frank lead Cara in and offer she a glass . instead , she slip into he arm and press against he . they begin to kiss ... camera stays discreetly behind as they pull away from we , the water taxi swinging out into the Grand Canal . as it recede from view , the vaporetto 's tail lamp shimmer and blend into the beautiful light of Venice ... a city for lover . the end