the meyerowitz stories ( New and selected ) written by noah baumbach title : danny text : Danny meyerowitz be try to park . the sound of car horn . int . danny's subaru outback . day Danny meyerowitz , mid - 40' , be back up on the bowery . he wear a soft brown leather jacket and short . eliza , he 18 year old daughter , be flipping channel on the radio . eliza I be really think about be vegetarian again . eliza -- danny eliza do you realize , eat meat be worse than drive a suv for a year . danny eliza , be I fitting ? a car honk . danny I be parking asshole ! ( twist the wheel ) I can not believe that 's true . eliza it 's true , dad . Podcast . I will send you the danny I do not think I be fitting . eliza I be tell you . it 's a big thing we can do for the environment . danny let 's look it up . but not while I be pull this maneuver . he turn the wheel dramatically . follow by a thud . there 's a scraping sound 2 eliza it 's too small a space . shit ! danny he shift back into drive and pull out into traffic . horn . more danny ( to the car behind he ) what ?! eliza fiddle with the radio , look for a song . danny go back to the Met game . eliza it 's a commercial . danny I splurge and get the satellite . she land on " head to toe " by Lisa Lisa and the cult jam . ooh , nice . danny turn it up . eliza turn up the song . danny " head to toe -- " ( cut himself off ) I put this on a tape for you when you be like twelve . eliza ( mildly interested ) cool . Danny look over he shoulder , realize something , and hit the wheel in frustration . danny shit , be that ... be that a spot ? eliza ( look back ) yeah , he 's take it . danny how do I miss that ? Fucking shit . eliza let 's go around . 3 danny we have be around . I be go to try further east. ( a idea ) there should be a app for parking . be there a app for parking ? eliza they be work on it . ( be : the street they be on ) this be all no parking . danny how do I do this wrong ? eliza it 's ok , dad . why do not we just garage it ? do you garage garage that 's danny know how much it be to it around here ? if we it , you can not go to college . why . eliza ( smile ) I will pay half . danny I be not take you money . ( sigh ) what 's the matter with I ? usually very good at this . it 's ok -- I know . I be eliza danny I be a extremely good parker . I have a real eye for it . eliza danny now , I be over - think it . I be get gun -shy . sweating , he wrestle with he jacket try to take it off . he drive while do this . eliza dad , wait until we be stop . danny I be hot , it 's interfere with my mobility -- eliza let I help you then . 4 she lean over and help he take it off . danny ( look in the rear-view mirror ) be this the same people that be behind we ? eliza I do not know . danny ( be : he jacket ) keep it right - side up , my wallet 's in there . he turn the song down . danny the song be distracting . eliza it 's too good ! danny ( half smile ) it be too good . they stop at a light . Danny gaze outside . danny ( muse ) there 's so much construction in Manhattan . they be just endlessly building . I use to go dance around here . at danceteria . I and you uncle Matthew . now , it 's all bank . eliza you guy go dance together ? danny we go together , we do not dance together . for a short time in the 80' we hang out . I have move , I be tell you . be this a museum now ? everything 's glass . eliza do you like the photographer , Cindy sherman ? Marcus and I go to the Cindy sherman show at moma last week . they start move . 5 danny ( pointedly ) yes , I like Cindy sherman . eliza ( confuse ) what ? danny I tell you about Cindy sherman like two year ago . eliza ( shrug ) I do not remember . I do ! danny and you have no interest . eliza I do not know . danny when Marcus tell you , suddenly you listen . I be tell you , I have get good recommendation . I mean , I have a few year on you . he hit the brake . horn ! danny be this a spot ? sign say ? what do this eliza um , I be try to see . another car honk behind they . danny Quick , eliza ... blare honk . eliza I find parking sign confusing . what 's today ? Danny swerve back into traffic . danny this asshole be riding my tail . eliza I think it be a good space . danny can I back up ? 6 eliza ( look over she shoulder ) I do not think so . horn ! danny shit ! he 's on my tail . to go around . I have get eliza we should just garage it . son. danny A. bitch ! of . eliza stop yell in the car ! he can not hear you . only I can hear you . danny ( look in the rearview ) this be just nobody can Fucking drive day. ( horn ! ) shut the fuck -ext./ int . townhouse , lower manhattan . day the door open with a light creak . danny ( softly ) yoo-hoo . hello ? Danny carry a duffel bag , hold a suitcase and walk with a slight limp . eliza follow behind he . danny ( to eliza , concerned ) the outer door be ajar . and the button on the foyer door be press and unlock . eliza something smell weird . a big poodle leap up on Danny and eliza . oh wow ! eliza hello ! harold ( o.s. ) down bruno ! bruno , down ! eliza scream . 7 danny whose dog be this ? brune ! harold harold meyerowitz , 70' , be bearded , wear a green polo shirt with a knit tie and a knee-high work coat . he also have a red bruise on the side of he face . eliza ( to the dog ) where do you come from ? harold Maureen and I buy he from a very elegant apricot poodle farm near the country house . eliza hi bruno ! oh , you be crazy , be not you ? danny ( while hugging he dad ) dad , the outer door be leave open . ( demonstrate ) and someone press the button in on the foyer door -harold Maureen be always do something . ( shouting ) Maureen ! danny I be tell you , you get to be careful . it 's crazy to leave the door open . this be not the country . harold ( to the leaping dog ) brune ! ( to the air ) Maureen ! ( to Danny and eliza ) this house be not very big , but she never seem to be able to hear I . ( again ) Maureen ! what ? maureen ( o.s. ) harold do you leave the front door open ? 8 maureen ( o.s. ) for the con Ed guy ? harold that be three day ago ! he shake he head , irritate . danny I be sorry we be late , we have to garage the car . eliza and dad have to sell I into child slavery to pay for it . danny that 's basically right . harold do you try East ? danny / eliza we do . / twice . the dog lunge at Danny . harold bruno ! he do this elegant pirouette . Danny now react to the bruise on harold 's face . danny dad , what happen ? into a fight ? do you get harold I be walk bruno in the country when he lung for a feral hare in the brush and I tumble forward . shit . danny do you see a doctor ? harold I be fine . my joke be , you should see the other dog . he smile slyly at eliza . eliza good one , grampa . 9 harold Maureen will not even walk that path anymore . she be maul by a buck . a buck ? danny in the berkshire ? harold a male deer . really ? danny harold maybe it be a big dog or a small boy . in she indomitable way she survive with just a nasty raspberry on she knee , but she wallet be go . he take eliza 's hand and lead she further inside . they pass the live room where the tv be on the baseball game . harold the Met just relinquished the lead . danny shit , it be tie when we be in the car . harold Collins should not have leave syndergaard in . he be clearly tiring . Jean , 50' , rise from the couch , watch the game . Danny 's older sister . she 's jean I could tell dad want to say hi to you guy by himself . danny ( startles ) hey . when would you get here ? harold ( o.s. ) you sister be here . her hair be gray and she do not dye it . she wear a blazer with a abstract pin on the lapel and big hang earring and glass . she dress how she probably dress twenty - five year ago . * 10 jean couple hour ago . show up late . thanks for danny sorry , we be -- jean I make cookie but I step in dog shit . she hug eliza and Danny . jean I like you jacket . thanks . eliza I like you pin . jean be you excited for college tomorrow ? eliza I really can not wait . jean dad keep say he wish he have not retire now so that you could take he class . if that 's even allow at bard . eliza I could not make sculpture , that 's too intimidating . danny she 's very excited which I be try not to take personally . I be bad with transition . jean you do not leave the house . be no transition . ( whisper to Danny ) Maureen 's plaster . harold ( yell up the stair ) Maureen , every one be here ! down ! ( to the group ) she 's make shark . eliza I do not think I have ever have shark . there come harold Maureen 's a real gourmand . jean ( meeting eliza 's eye ) well , you be in for a treat . 11 harold ( loud whisper to Danny ) Maureen 's be sober for six week . oh , ok . danny harold I tell she , I do not like you when you drink . she become a different person . ( to eliza ) I make she a deal , I tell she , if you stop drink , we will get a dog . int . dine room close : a bowl of bouillabaisse . all the clam and mussel shell be still close shut . a fork pick through the uncook slab of shark . harold ( o.s. ) this be very handsome shellfish , Maureen . eliza make a face . maureen the dad say you be go to study film at college . the family sit around a wooden table . Maureen , 50' , look plaster . she wear a indian pattern caftan and a big bulky necklace she probably get at a craft fair . yeah . eliza maureen that seem to be what everybody be do this day . I think the dad hope you have follow in he footstep and take sculpture -harold no , I think it 's good she 's do she own thing . since clarence have he stroke and I retire , the art department at bard have really suffer . 12 danny she 's quite a good editor . Danny be try to pry open a clam shell . eliza move the food around on she plate . harold eat quickly and messily . harold so , now we have a sculptor and a filmmaker in the family . eliza ( be : Danny ) and a musician . harold and a accountant which sound uninteresting , but Matthew 's in fact the only one in the family who 's figure out how to make money . sign of the time . he laugh at he own remark . harold I would have think we would have have more artist in this family . eliza what about dad ? eliza look over to Danny , who listen closely , perhaps wait to be mention himself . danny ( finally ) I be artistic . harold Matthew show interest in fine art and Danny have musical talent . but Matthew be also talented musically and a wonderful mimic . he look at Jean and hesitates . harold Jean , you show interest in photography . jean at montessori , yeah . in my office at xerox , I be know as the resident auteur . I make funny movie for my co-worker 's birthdays . 13 eliza they be really good . Danny finally break open he clam shell . he meet eye with eliza . she slowly shake she head at he : do not do it . he drop the shell back into the bowl , nodd , ok . maureen we have no idea what Jean do at xerox . jean I be a facility manager for special -- maureen when be the last job you have , Danny ? eliza ( help out she dad ) that piano lesson - danny well ... except for the piano lesson -- eliza -- and there be a gig at beefsteak Charly . danny I have not really work in a ... since eliza be bear ... harold Danny be a house-husband . but now with the separation , he 's go to have to get a job . you can not take alimony , that 's not right . maureen what will you do for money ? danny well , we just sell the apartment and we will split that . ( reassuringly place he hand on eliza 's back ) Karen ... Karen be get a apartment in ditmas and I be ... I will be stay here for a little , of course , while I figure it out . thank you , again . he look to he dad for some acknowledgement . none . he get 14 maureen while you be stay here , would you please go through all the box upstairs and take whatever papers and poster you want from you childhood . harold ( to eliza ) Maureen be take a fancy trip to Easter Island on Monday with a group . maureen and when I be back , we be go to start throw thing away . danny we do not really have anything here . jean we live in queen with we mother . danny yeah , it 's mostly Matthew 's stuff , but ok . harold ( excitedly ) Matthew 's come out from the coast in a few week . he correspond with I about meeting for lunch . Danny look up , surprised . Matt be ? danny Danny absentmindedly put some shark in he mouth and then take it right back out . maureen he have some wealthy client who be come here on Sunday to look at the dad 's work . danny Matt do ? harold apparently they be both admirer of mine . maureen we never hear from he and then suddenly ... poof ! 15 harold that 's not true , he and I correspond quite frequently . eliza he text with I . they all look at eliza . Danny frown . danny you guy text ? about what ? eliza ( shrug ) I do not know . thing . life . danny maybe I will try to see he when he 's here . harold he 's only here for a day to see a client and he want to see I during that time . eliza , have more shark . Maureen , give my granddaughter more shark ! Maureen heaps more shark on eliza 's plate . maureen you kid do not eat . Jean start clear . Maureen and Danny help she . eliza remain with she grandfather , pretend to eat she shark . we move between the adjacent kitchen and the dining room . jean it 's amazing how much Matthew 's client make when you think about what a teacher or nurse earn -harold I think I would have have great success if I have be more fashionable . maureen well , you be always out of step with the time . harold that 's true , I be a vanguard . l.j. Shapiro say that about I . Jean reenter from the kitchen bring out coffee cup . 16 jean you know l.j. 's have a retrospective at moma . harold ( do not know ) be he ? l.j. be always very political . he 's not untalented , but he 's a very skillful operator . maureen ( o.s. ) you do not play the game . harold you know l.j. and I show together at Paula Cooper in the late 60' . and believe it or not , I be the headliner . Danny , still distract by discussion of Matthew say to Jean : danny do you think I should e-mail Matt about he visit ? why not ? jean danny I do not want to be presumptuous . jean he 's you brother , dan. danny ( shrug ) half . Maureen reenter . maureen be not that when the whitney buy a piece of yours ? harold yes . they be go to buy more work too , but bernie , my dealer at the time do not like the deal . I probably should not have listen to he . 17 danny ( continue to Jean ) I do not know , he do not respond the last time I reach out . harold pries open another clam and eat it . disgust face to herself . eliza make a jean when I call and write the whitney about it , they could not find it . harold it 's there . jean they can not find it . harold Jean , damnit , they have the work ! jean ( chastise ) ok , ok ... Jean take eliza 's full plate , rescue she from eat anything more , and say in she ear : it 's lose . jean int . hallway we hear family conversation from the other room . Danny turn the knob on the bathroom door . it open and Maureen immediately come out , wear rise tinted glass , but where you can see she eye . danny oh ... sorry . Maureen mumble something . Danny enter . int . bathroom Danny flush . a strange rattling sound . he lift up the back of the toilet . Inside , bounce around the chain , be several small , pint-size liquor bottle . int . live room Danny and eliza sit at a upright piano . top key , eliza the bottom . Danny play the 18 danny this be a meyerowitz / meyerowitz composition . eliza we write it when I be nine . CUT to : close on a book of harold 's work . harold ( o.s. ) the work look stun all together like this . Danny , you make this ? harold sit with Jean on a old corduroy couch . they eat cookie Jean make . harold hand the book to Maureen . maureen ( read ) harold meyerowitz : a retrospective . danny Jean and I do it , yes . jean you send in the picture and they make it for you . danny ( from the piano ) oh , dad , Jean and I speak with a woman at the museum at bard - Danny look at Jean who nod for he to continue . harold be that hilma federman ? danny hilma , yes . and there 's some interest at bard in do a show -maureen that 's the least they can do for you after all that year you have give they . Maureen randomly clear a plate and leave the room . danny I think with eliza go this fall and you history there as a teacher , we have a good shot -- 19 harold Danny , make sure hilma see the book . a retrospective at this point would be a real feather in my cap . and I think bring attention to the new work . Jean look at Danny , who stop play . danny well , the thing be dad ... it would be part of a group show . jean bard faculty . harold a group show ? no . that 's essentially a insult . I think hilma 's angry because I vote against she chairmanship . tell hilma , no. danny hilma have not offer it yet . harold well , when she do , tell she , no . Danny continue play . eliza and Danny finish the song . jean that sound great . good , eliza . you have get eliza ( put she head on Danny 's shoulder ) I have a good teacher . ext . harold house , bleecker STREET . night eliza wait with Danny outside the house . danny be shark bad or be that bad shark ? eliza dad , it be raw ! the rice be hard , the shell fish be close . Danny remove a piece of trash that 's blow up on the walk . he walk uneasily over to a trash can and chuck it . 20 eliza dad , you limp be worse . danny it 's always worse after I have be sit . I need to stretch it . eliza please see someone about it . danny I have a appointment with a acupuncturist on Tuesday . eliza someone real please . he look at she . tear run down she face . danny I be tell you , you be go to meet a lot of wonderful , interesting new people . or I imagine you will as I do not make it more than a month at college because I like drug so much . eliza I be go to miss you and Mom . I know . danny we will miss you too . eliza I still have not wrap my mind around it . you not be together . danny we would not have make it this long if it be not for you . eliza ( wiping she face ) that 's a lot of responsibility . danny you know what I mean . we do not get along when it 's just we . I be sorry I do not get to drive you , but you mom win that one . it 's ok . eliza she 's a good driver . he hug she . 21 danny remind she when you be go up tomorrow , the taconic be a speed trap . there be cop everywhere . I will . eliza danny and I will be up there whenever you be ready for I . eliza will you be ok here ? danny yeah , it will be nice to spend time with dad while Maureen 's away . you know I do not get a lot of time with he grow up . after he leave my mom and marry Julia , and they have Matt ... we do not see so much of he . it 's a opportunity to get closer now . eliza it 's nice you and Jean be get he this show . danny I know it 's just a college show , but I think it could really put he back on the map . the work be good and deserve more exposure . a car have pull up at the corner . behind the wheel . a bearded guy , 18 , danny hey Marcus ! marcus hey , Danny . danny you be a truly wonderful girl . eliza you have be a great dad . danny well , I think I still be . 22 eliza I do not mean it that way . Danny hug eliza . he 's cry now too . run toward the car . she release and danny text when you get to -int . harold studio . morning a pile of old , outdated computer . Movie card on the wall from european movie . photograph and picture from art show . welding material , plank of wood , screw tool . still and lobby a few family paint can , old and various harold show a couple , Brian and James , 40' , both sharply dress , he work . Maureen and Danny hover nearby . brian this one be interesting . maureen I think it 's a masterpiece . harold it 's intend as a sort of sequel to gild halfwing . jame that 's the squiggly one outside lincoln Center ? maureen yes , gild halfwing . harold that 's probably my most well know work , it have a young man 's energy , but I like to think the later work be richer and more interesting . jame when Matthew tell I that be yours , I be like , I walk by that all the time . we be on Central Park West now , but have be look for the right place downtown . James wander into a adjacent bathroom . 23 maureen show they the wood structure . harold yes , I have be work in wood recently . Danny , give I a hand . Danny indicate a stack metal structure tuck in the back . danny how about this one with the red ? I always love this one . harold no , not that one . work of mine . that 's a minor Danny and harold lug a couple of piece into the center of the room . Brian wander to the window and look outside . brian how 's the noise in this area ? danny it get very loud . all the tourist . maureen only on weekend . James test the water on the tap and the toilet flush . Danny poke he head around the corner find James inspect the fixture . danny the art 's over here . jame yes , great . he hurry back to find harold with five new piece . harold it 's largely intuitive really and in its way , a return to the old master . I think I be do the best work of my life right now . but that 's just one man 's opinion . int . kitchen / live room Maureen prepare lunch . harold watch the game on tv . 24 maureen I find Brian very attractive . he 's baby - face but sinewy like a old lover of mine , willem dafoe . James have very firm calve . harold they be very enthusiastic about the work . Danny enter from the other room . he look annoyed . danny be they interested in the house or the art ? harold ( consider ) I think , the art . maureen ( walk past he ) both . danny what do you mean , both ? harold watch the tv . Danny follow she . Maureen walk into the kitchen . int . kitchen danny Maureen , what do you mean , both ? maureen per Matthew , they be interested in purchase all of the work , some of the furniture , as well as the house . danny ( alarmed ) the house ? what ... what do you tell he ? maureen that we be open to explore it . harold ( o.s. ) ( be : the game ) the Met be staging a comeback . they have get first and third with no one out . danny ( suddenly agitate ) you be think of sell the house ? why ? 25 maureen it 's very expensive to keep this place up . and we be spend more time at the country house now . danny but the country 's yours . maureen well , I have it before we be marry , but it 's ours . everything be ours now . int . live room she head toward the live room . Danny limp after she . harold jerk back and forth with the movement of the game . danny ( concerned ) you be sell all of the art ? why ? dad ... I think ... do you want to sell ? harold oh come on ! cabrera just ground into a double play . danny Matt set this up ? harold ( distract by the game ) I tell he it be a family discussion . danny I think it be ! I do not think you should sell at all . I be tell you . harold I do not expect you to get so upset about it . I be . danny I be upset about it ! maureen why do you care ? 26 danny ( suddenly emotional ) I do not know . we have live here for year . harold you have not . this be where Matthew grow up . you live in queen with you mother . danny I live here for a year when I be sixteen . ( hesitates ) you studio be here ... they want all the art work ? I mean , dad , with a show here or there , you work might become valuable . harold that be true . danny I say , no ! he hit he hand down on a table for emphasis . harold everyone in the family will be consult before we sell anything . danny Matthew be not here , you know . Matthew be not in the house now . ( wiping he eye ) it 's a meyerowitz tradition , this house . maureen ( hurt ) I guess I would not know about that . Maureen storm out of the room . we hear a door slam . danny I do not mean it like that . harold she get sensitive about this thing . she feel like a outsider and she do not have kid of she own . ( more ) 27 harold ( cont 'd ) I tell she , technically you be they step -mother . montage : ext . townhouse . lower manhattan . day harold and Danny say goodbye to Maureen as she get in a car service to the airport . she look happy to go . maureen take care of the dad. danny ( v.o. ) God damn it ! int . harold studio Danny have just miss a shot in they pool game . line he shot up with intensity . harold danny ah , the old babooshka . I remember I spend month of allowance on that pool cue for you birthday . harold miss he shot . harold Son of a bitch ! he smashes the cue against the table shatter it in half . int . kitchen harold cook blueberry pancake . breakfast table . Danny sit at the danny the famous blueberry pancake . harold do a little dance and add a flourish as he serve Danny . ext . the bowery Danny and harold walk bruno . harold the Met need a middle inning reliever ... danny ( v.o. ) what do we have here ? 28 int . harold studio a wall - shelf of vhs cassettes layer length - wise . inspect they . most have be tape from tv . Danny danny ( pull out a cassette ) yes , all on one tape : videodrome , beverally Hills cop -- spell wrong -- and legal eagle . CUT to : the two of they watch legal eagle on vhs . a piece of commercial come up for a second then a rainbow wave and the movie return . harold daryl Hannah , while not only incredibly sexy , be quite a deat comedienne . int . kitchen Danny look under the sink for a fresh garbage bag and find small liquor bottle stashed behind the bin . harold ( o.s. ) do Jean talk to you ever about boyfriend or anything ? harold enter . bottle . he hesitates upon see the liquor harold Maureen dress they as doll for kid at the hospital . int . harold study stack of empty con Ed envelope with clear plastic window . Art and film book on a old couch . harold , Danny and Jean huddle around harold 's computer . danny eliza 's first movie . ok , she send a link . dad , what 's you password ? harold try Matthew . Jean and Danny meet eye . close on the screen : eliza 's movie entitle pagina man . 29 it 's about a girl want to get laid before leave for college , play by eliza . she 's partially nude in one scene . get fuck from behind in another . piss in a urinal in another . eliza in the movie ( wear a cape and mask ) I have get a vagina and a penis . call I pagina man ! it do have a sense of humor , though and style . but before it 's over : Danny hit the space bar , pause it . danny I be go to watch this first , alone , I think . wow . jean that be a hard R . harold it 's handsomely shot and show poise , but it 's unremittingly vulgar . end montage harold ( v.o. ) oh , come on ! he miss the tag . int . live room harold and Danny watch the Met game . danny you can see he be safe . harold switch off the tv in frustration . dad ! danny harold I can see this . the Met do not want it . the phone ring . harold pick up the old cordless . turn the game back on . harold hello ?... hello ?... who ?... l.j .!... ( brighten ) hey , hey ! danny they be pinch hit for degrom . Danny 30 harold ( to Danny ) shhh ... ( to l.j. on the phone ) what 's that ? he pantomime for Danny to turn the game down . harold angrily motion to do it further . Danny do . harold he be a talented kid when he take my class , sure ... yeah , I would think he would be a able assistant ... ok ... oh , you know , do the work ... bard have come to I about a show ... what 's the news there ?... oh , I do not know , how be you do ? Danny text eliza : yo. close on the phone : it go through blue and deliver . the dot come up as if something be be write back . Danny brighten . harold Maureen say they be fete-ing you at moma ... you and Tim burton !... right , Matisse and Picasso too , sure ... Danny wait . close on the phone : the dot disappear . nothing . Danny , discourage , put he phone away . harold let 's get a lunch one of this day , you still in the West Village ?... Brooklyn ?... or to you open ?... I be come if you invite I ... next Friday ... yes , I think I can come . although I have boycott moma since they have start do this theme park show ... ok , I will see you there . he hang up . instantly back to the game . harold that be a strike ! turn it up . 31 danny be that l.j.? I always like l.j.. harold he say he have a prostate surgery , I do not know about . danny and I really like he work . harold the early , experimental work be terrific . you know , he and I show together at Paula Cooper back in the late 60' . danny uh huh . I love the 80' stuff . that bear . harold you like the bear ? hmm . I guess the bear . you know , back then , I be the headliner . danny I would like to come if that 's all right . it would be a real treat for I . harold I think it 's fill up . get I in special . ok . l.j. be danny harold I will see about get you a ticket . you might have to pay . danny ok , whatever . int . kitchen Danny get up and leave the room . we follow he into the kitchen . he 's try to suppress he anger and hurt . he open the fridge and take out a carton of orange juice and pour himself a glass . he drink and spit it across the kitchen floor . 32 oh God ! danny harold come in . danny you orange juice be expire which I just realize be possible . harold do you have black tie ? danny ( can not hide he pleasure ) I have a herring - bone blazer and slack with a hummus stain on the fly ? harold I think we might have a extra belong to Maureen 's late exhusband . int . moma lobby . day they enter the lobby , both in outdated -- and in the case of Danny , ill -fitted -- tuxedo . ahead : a spirite crowd mingle around the exhibit . a few people in suit , otherwise everyone be dress pretty casually . danny dad , no one be in tux . harold I think I see a couple of people . danny I do not see anybody . harold and Danny reach a table where two young , opaque pretty woman consult ipad . danny we be harold meyerowitz . gallery girl ( check she iPad ) ok , you be on the list for the public view which start in forty - five minute . right now , this be a private view . 33 harold ( under he breath to Danny ) tell she it 's a mistake . I on the private list . ok . l.j. put danny harold tell she this be bullshit . danny dad - ( to the woman ) we be old friend with l.j.. gallery girl sorry , I can not let you in . now it 's a private event . right harold tell she to tell l.j. we be -danny dad , she can hear everything you be say . let 's just wait for forty - five minute - harold I be go to go home . danny come on , dad-harold pull away from Danny and hurry toward the revolve door . Danny sigh . danny my father be harold meyerowitz , he be a contemporary of l.j. 's . also a sculptor . the Gallery girl shrug . danny Big night , huh ? Danny ?! l.j. ( o.s. ) l.j. , late 60' , excitedly approach from behind . he 's in a white tank top with a tailore blazer over it and suit pants . a scarf tie around he ankle . 34 Blue tinted glass on he head . he walk over with Glenn twitchell , 60' , in a suit , the moma curator . l.j. ( to the Gallery girl ) this guy give you trouble ? she laugh heartily . l.j. ( hugging Danny ) Danny , you be so damned young the last time I see you . danny yeah , last time I see you be at that Chinatown dinner you guy would throw . that be great , I be live with dad that year . Glenn excuse himself and go inside , greet by guest . l.j. it be you and Matthew . always play music . you dad be with Julia , I be with Maya . before the divorce ! danny well , before he second divorce , he would already divorced my mom , but yeah , that be fun dinner . l.j. ( confuse by the tuxedo ) be you go somewhere after this ? danny ( mutter ) dad say it be black tie . l.j. you know , Loretta 's here . danny ( brighten ) she be ? l.j. yeah , she 's float around this rat-fuck somewhere . 35 danny ( look around the room ) oh ... I will look for she . l.j. there 's the old man . favorite artist . one of my Danny look around : harold be now walk back toward they . harold smile broadly . harold you hair 's darker every time I see you . harold and l.j. embrace . l.j. hold he warmly . l.j. ( be : the tux ) look at you . you guy be so cute . ( take harold 's arm ) come have a drink . we be have Zubrowka . I just reread the razor 's Edge -- it 's Larry durrell 's drink . harold I find maugham to be skillful without be a artist , but I will sip a red wine , if you have . l.j. it 's the Museum of modern Art . dammit , they have everything . harold follow l.j. into the party . Danny start to follow but they be quickly swallow up by the crowd . ok . danny ( to himself ) int . moma reception area Danny , again , assess the very non-tuxedo crowd , and attempt to wander the premise as unself - consciously as possible . he nervously hum a indecipherable tune . amongst the sculpture , and old high 8 video of a young girl ( Loretta ) on monitor , he see a woman , 40' , in a simple , elegant dress . 36 Loretta ? Danny ? danny loretta Holy shit . they hug and kiss on the cheek . and warm quality . she have a genuinely open , loretta ( be : the kiss ) you get my hair . I do ! danny loretta I do not know you be come . danny I come with my dad . loretta ( frown , be : the tux ) be you go somewhere after this ? danny ( here we go again ) no ...no ... loretta why be you so dress up ? danny I do not know . ( so annoyed at dad ) I do not fuck know ! ( laugh ) I do not know . loretta how be you dad ? danny he 's with you dad now which make he happy . l.j. 's good for he , he know how to have fun . his wife , you know , maureen-loretta I think I meet she once at a dia show -- danny she 's in Easter Island so I be stay with he now -- loretta oh , that 's nice of you . 37 danny this be she dead ex-husband 's tux . she drink and I worry he 's lonely . loretta yeah , that 's hard , that stuff . you know my mom struggle with a prescription thing for a while when we be kid . but she 's great now , marry again ... and you see dad ... yeah ... life . blah ! ( grab he arm and shake he affectionately ) Danny meyerowitz ! danny ( blush ) I be tell ya . Loretta undoe he badly knotted tie so it hang open . loretta wow , this be tie like a tennis shoe . there : more Sinatra . yeah . danny dad 's my sammy . Loretta laugh . int . moma gallery room harold have a red wine now . l.j. drink he Zubrowka and be approach throughout by well - wisher . harold the work look good . I do not know that the presentation be help . l.j. you think ? yeah , I think some of the bear be not well serve . harold in a sense , the work be more intimate than the space . but , hey , you be on a streak . l.j. ( good naturedly ) do not say that ! streak end . 38 sigourney weaver say hi to l.j.. l.j. sigourney weaver , this be harold meyerowitz . sigourney hi , I be sigourney . harold I be harold . sigourney ( to l.j. ) the work be beautiful . it 's startling . congratulation . she move on . l.j. turn back to harold . l.j. how be you , old man ? Maureen ? how 's harold bard have approach I about a show . l.j. be you still teach there ? harold I be retire , but my grand - daughter just start as a freshman . she 's make movie . l.j. that 's what they be all do now . I say , do not teach them what we do , there 's no damn money in that . harold well , you seem to have find a way . Glenn twitchell , the curator , approach , he back to harold . glenn I hope it 's ok , I invite sigourney to the dinner afterwards . 39 l.j. of course . I have know sigourney for twenty year . Glenn , you remember - good , good . l.j. glenn I hear a rave tomorrow from Michael and twitter have be almost entirely glow . glenn we be go to have a good day . harold sip he wine and smile along , although he 's not part of the conversation . l.j. Glenn twitchell , harold meyerowitz . harold , Glenn 's the curator here now . glenn Nice to meet you . harold ( start to correct he ) we have actually ... Nice to meet you . glenn ( realize ) wait , harold meyerowitz ? course . we have meet - harold in the 70' -- shit , of glenn it 's be a long time . what have you be do ? forgive I , I do not know . be you make art ? be you in the City ? more people approach Glenn . Excuse I . glenn l.j. give harold 's shoulder a squeeze . over the din : harold say oddly harold how good be we ? l.j. ( mis-hear ) how be I ? I be exhaust . this show take it out of I physically and emotionally ... hold on a second , old man . he 's mobbed by more guest . harold sink back . 40 int . moma reception area CUT to : the old high 8 video work on a monitor . a young girl with frizzy hair run down a Upper West side street . it 's cut in a fragmentary , stutter way . danny I remember you like that . loretta yeah , I use to have mix feeling about be part of dad 's art , but now I kind of love it . you know , he dedicated the catalogue to I . danny it 's definitely a cool thing . this whole thing be really cool . it 's special for I , I do not go out like this generally . loretta how 's you family and everything ? danny well ... Karen and I be split up . Split up . loretta oh shit , sorry . I be do the same thing . danny ( pleased ) really ! loretta yeah , but it 's good . he ...he 's a good guy but can not get out of he own way . but my girl be handle it so great . how be you do ? danny oh , fine . you know , Karen and I stay together until eliza go to school , but also I just do not want to do what my dad do , you know ? fail marriage and ... you ever worry we be do the same thing as they ? 41 loretta oh , but we be so different , Dan . danny you think ? loretta so different . we be raise like animal . we be feral ! my worry be that we be too different . we be too close to we kid , do not you think ? Parents should not be best friend with they kid . I mean , I do not think my girl will ever move out ! Danny laugh . danny yeah , I secretly hope that about eliza , but unfortunately she seem pretty healthy in that area . Loretta laugh . Danny smile broadly , pleased she 's so engage . suddenly : harold ( o.s. ) I want to go . Danny startles . dad -- harold be right behind he . danny loretta harold ! ( identify herself ) Loretta ! Loretta hug he and kiss he warmly on the cheek . harold oh , Loretta . hi . I do not recognize you at first . ( to Danny ) I be go . guest ( be : the video ) there 's that little girl I keep see run down 79th Street ! Loretta be swarm by more well - wisher . 42 harold ( to Danny ) I want to go . danny ( try to keep it light ) just a few more minute , roomie ? harold I be leave . harold hurry toward the exit . Danny look at Loretta , who be distract by the bigger group - Danny gaze toward the exit where he father be wrestle open one of the big glass door . Danny hesitates . danny um , Loretta - she do not hear he . Loretta ! he politely wait for a moment . danny she smile at he , still talk to the group . danny ( strangely pantomime leave ) I have to go ! loretta oh , no . you sure ? you guy be not stay for the dinner ? danny I do not think we be invite to - loretta ( to she friend ) Excuse I for a second . she touch Danny 's arm , she face open and welcoming . danny yeah , I better ... loretta ( to Danny ) ok . well ... danny great to see you . he 's old . 43 so great . loretta she kiss he on the cheek . danny I get you hair again . bye . loretta ok , bye Danny . danny Danny hesitates . she turn back to she group . he 's blow it . he hurry after he father . Danny know ext . moma/5th avenue . night Danny be hit by a blast of cold air . he look around to see : his father be go . harold run toward 5th Avenue . Danny take off after he father , but with he limp and the jump harold have already get , he 's quite a bit behind . dad ! danny Danny turn onto 5th Avenue . harold be crossing the street . Danny hurry , dodging traffic . horn . dad ! danny finally Danny catch up to he , out of breath . danny ( out of breath ) dad ! do you hear I ? harold do not answer . shit . Danny hold he hip . danny they slowly walk together in silence . rip : then harold let it harold ultimately l.j. be a popular but minor artist . there 's a superficial bravura , but there 's no unconscious , no discovery . ( more ) 44 harold ( cont 'd ) I know you like the bear but it 's a reshuffling of obnoxious cliches , like listen to music play slightly off - key . danny I do not get to see it . harold and the video work be embarrassing - I have never forgiven l.j. for use Loretta in that piece . you do not do that to a child . and it 's a disturbing commentary on the culture that truly ordinary work , make mostly by he assistant , get reverent review by critic who ought to know better . he 's a talented , pretentious enigma . silence as they continue to walk past the bright light of 5th Avenue store and office building . danny it be nice to see Loretta . harold ( brighten ) she be very happy to see I . give I quite a kiss . she danny I do well , I be pretty funny , I think . I do not get she number or anything . maybe I can get l.j. 's e-mail from you -harold I do not feel comfortable give it out . maybe there 's a work one . ok . danny harold I meet sigourney weaver who be very friendly . she say , " hi , I be sigourney . " I say , " hi , I be harold . " Danny wait , but there be not more . he look for a cab . 45 harold have you think about get a job ? Danny shrug . harold you have essentially never work in you life . Danny nod . harold I think you would feel better about yourself . Danny nod . harold do you ever think about play music again ? Danny shrug . harold Maureen will be back next Thursday and you should think about where you be go to live . I mean , you can stay a while longer , but -int . harold house . live room . night a clock read : 9:40 . Danny , still in he tux , walk by the piano and play the open chord of Van halen 's jump . he eat a sandwich and make up the live room couch with a sheet and pillow . harold appear in the doorway . he hold up black vuarnet sunglass . harold Maureen want I to remind you to go through the box and thing upstairs because we be go to start throw thing away . you might want this sunglass . danny that be Matthew 's . harold I be let he know too . CUT to : sitting on the make - up couch Danny dial he phone . 46 eliza' voice Hell -- hello ? ( laughter ) sorry ... hello ? danny yo , how be you do ? eliza' voice ( laugh ) sorry , elvis be make I laugh . danny who ... who 's elvis ? what ? eliza' voice sorry . joaquin 's roommate . oh , ok . danny who 's joaquin ? eliza' voice he 's a friend . what 's up dad ? danny well , I be at harold 's . we go to l.j. Shapiro 's open at moma . eliza' voice be it fun ? danny yeah , for a little while . eliza' voice you have fun with grampa ? danny I might go stay at Jean 's in Rochester for a while . I will be closer to you , but do not worry ! eliza' voice ha. ok . we be go to see this band and then there 's a party . can I call you tomorrow ? danny yeah ... yeah . I will be up early . eliza' voice ( hesitates ) what 's wrong ? nothing . danny 47 eliza' voice I can hear it in you voice . nothing . danny eliza' voice tell I . hold on , I be go to step outside so we can talk . danny no , no , go to the concert . promise I be fine . I eliza' voice you promise ? danny yes ! eliza' voice ok , I be go to keep my phone on in case you want to call . ok ? danny there 's no need . do not worry . ok . eliza' voice otherwise , let 's talk in the morning . danny have fun . eliza' voice but call if you need to . I will not . bye dad ! danny eliza' voice danny bye. ext . townhouse . day Danny lug two big bag into the trunk of he subaru . tuck they amongst box , a rug , a lamp . he ext . townhouse . danny's subaru the front and back seat be also pile with bag and box . he start the car . he fiddle with the satellite radio . find " alligator woman " by cameo . ooh . danny Nice . 48 he turn it up and sing along . pull into traffic . he start back up and danny do not fake I out , out / oh , you make I shout / alligator woman , you he 's greet by a serenade of horn ! danny ( erupting ) go fuck yourself ! go fuck yourself ! go fuck yours ---!!!!! black title : matthew text : Matthew have just arrive on the red-eye from LA . int . randy 's apartment the blast of jackhammers . CUT to : a apartment wall come crash down . plaster and dust billow and cloud the room . the white as it settles we reveal Matthew meyerowitz , mid - 40' , crouch and hold he ear , he face still clench in anticipation of the explosion . he wear a suit and tie . the man next to he , Randy , 30 , be dress in a white vneck and white karate pants with white wrestle sneaker . randy be that ok ?! be that ok ?! be that ok that that just happen ?! matt it 's ok ! ( to a workman ) right ? the guy say nothing . randy I do not know . I be scared , Matt . 49 Randy walk through the room , Matthew follow he . Workmen swirl around they , under they , above they . randy this guy be six month behind . Matt hand he a piece of paper . matt that 's why I be here . I put together a document that anticipate where you will be at the end of the year vis a vis the overage . randy ( take the sheet ) oh , for Christ . really ? already spend this much ? have we matt that 's the first page ... randy ( turn it around ) suck a dick . oh God . another crash sound . really ? Matt look around . matt the change order be add up . we do not budget for the salt water pool . randy ( smile ) but we be get a salt water pool . in New York City , matty . every time I think of that pool , I do a snoopy dance . he do a snoopy dance . matt below you will see I make a list of thing I think you should consider cut back on . Randy look at the list . randy ( jump up and down ) no ! the steam room make I so happy . 50 matt ( consulting the sheet ) you realize you have a steam room and a sauna ? Randy nod innocently . matt we have to make some decision . ( wiping plaster dust off he shoulder ) it 's too late to take out the sauna , but the italian marble - the wine vault alone be a hundred grand . randy you look tired . Matt 's phone ring . matt I can not sleep on the red-eye . randy let 's get you a coffee . Matt check he phone . dad . randy I be glad you be here , Matt . matt I be not leave until we have figure this out - Matt do not answer he phone and they step into a shell of a room that 's seal off with plastic . more workmen . hammer . plaster dust drift down on they . randy ( marvel ) there be different people here every day . the coffee machine sit alone atop a fold table . Randy pour the bean into the grinder and press the button . randy ( shouting over the grind ) how 's you kid ? 51 matt good . I be in a fight with my wife right now , but ... ( be : the sheet ) Randy , I do not want to sound alarmist , but you be not go to be able to sustain you lifestyle , if thing continue like this . Randy frown like a child . matt and you be not go on tour any time soon - Randy hand Matt a coffee . smile . right ? randy Matt sip the coffee and it 's nice . matt randy it 's my own espresso bean . see , I be do everything I can to make a buck . the coffee will pay for the pool ! matt that might be too much pressure to put on the coffee - Matt 's phone ring again . he look at it . matt here 's what we be go to do . we be go to get you the pool . yes ! randy matt but not this year . we be go to rent out the bottom floor which be zone commercial anyway and we will get a tenant for the second floor . randy but can not I afford -- matt the income from the rental will cover the real estate tax and you will live on the top two floor in the meantime . everything else you can have . 52 matt let I just ... ( answer ) hello ? randy coffee make I so happy . a see scream loudly in the other room . with he finger and go to the window . Matt plug one ear ext . williamsburg restaurant . intercut harold stand outside a restaurant . he wear a camel color blazer with a black turtleneck and baggy slack . a denim flat cap on he head . he hold a poster roll and some envelope and folder under he arm . he still have a slight bruise on the side of he face from he fall . they be jack -hammer in the street next to he . harold they will not seat I without you ! matt where be you ?! harold I be stand outside the place . matt you be forty - five minute early . harold there be many available table . the guy be a real jerk . matt we have a reservation , do you say my name ? harold I say my name . matt well , let I finish up here and we will figure it out . harold how long be you go to be ? matt I will be there at one when we say we would meet . 53 harold well , hurry up . parking be easier than I anticipate . matt I will see you soon ! Matt hang up . Randy be talk to a guy with a open notebook . he turn to Matt and say decisively . randy we will not do the pool now . matt I think that 's the right decision . Matt put he hand on Randy 's shoulder . randy ( be : the phone ) everything ok ? totally . matt lunch with my father . randy say no more ! matt no , now it 's easy . when I be young , I be so invest in he grievance , he anger at the world . they be mine too . now , that I live three thousand mile away and have a good therapist , my own kid , a thriving business , I do not even get angry at he anymore . it 's even just funny now ... ( suddenly have trouble clear he throat ) you know what 's awesome about middle age , you now know more than you parent . you can guide the - ( cough a bit now ) I be sorry , I do not know why I be suddenly , I think it 's all this plaster dust and this coffee -randy ( nod ) you need something ? 54 like what ? matt let 's see -- randy Randy fish into he pants - pocket and retrieve two loose different size pill . he pick some additional lint out of he palm . randy -- one bring you up and the other bring you down , but I be not totally certain which be which . matt you have a guess ? randy I have not wear this pants in a while . he hand they to Matt . Matt put it in he breast pocket . randy thanks , Matt . I do not have anyone in my life like you . ext . williamsburg restaurant Matthew hurry over to he dad who have remain outside the restaurant . the street noise continue . harold there 's my son . hey . matt they hug awkwardly . harold hand Matt the poster roll and envelope and papers and the vuarnet sunglass . Matt frown . harold this be yours . they be in the upstairs room . Maureen be throw thing out , I want you to have they . matt ( not thrilled to be carry they ) thanks . the vuarnet be Danny 's . harold he say they be yours . 55 no . matt you can throw they out . harold they be quite fancy . ( hesitates ) maybe Maureen will use they . he put they in he jacket pocket . matt what happen to you face ? harold we get a new dog , do I tell you ? maybe ? matt harold bruno ... my charge , we call he bruno . name for the idiot in Werner herzog 's stroczek . matt I have never see it . harold really ? I own the cassette at home if you want to come over . matt so , what happen ? harold he lung for a derange hare take I in the process . ( beat , sly smile ) you should see the other dog . matt be you all right ? I be fine . harold it be not he fault . matt shall we go in ? harold I be not eat here . matt because they would not seat you ? matt let I talk to he -- harold the guy be very obnoxious . 56 harold no , let 's go somewhere else . matt I only have a hour and a half . harold this be my protest . harold start walk away . like mcenroe . Matt hesitates . matt ok , let I think ... a man , 30' , gabe , be try to get Matt 's attention from a table inside the restaurant . Matthew indicate for he to follow they . Matthew and harold walk . there seem to be construction everywhere they go . they pass wild - posting of ad for l.j. Shapiro 's retrospective at moma . harold not too far , because at three I have to put money in the meter . gabe , sprinting , catch up to they . harold this man be tread right on my heel . matt no , dad , he 's with I . this be gabe , he work at my firm in New York . gabe join they on the sidewalk . gabe Nice to meet you , Mr. meyerowitz . gabe reach out to shake harold 's hand , but harold do not take it . matt I think gabe could join we for part of lunch . his specialty be in estate plan - harold I have a accountant . 57 matt Barry sukenick do not work on this scale , dad . gabe I have have a chance to review some of the document -- matt and as we move toward sell the house , I think it might be a good time to get some affair in order . harold if we sell the house , it will be my decision . matt well , Brian and James , who you meet -- harold they be a very charming , interracial homosexual couple . and smart about the work . they be familiar with gild halfwing . matt yes , James say they like the work very much and they love the house . and they have make we a offer . harold for the work too ? gabe for the work , the house , some of the furniture ... int . restaurant # 2 they enter the new restaurant . matt ( to the hostess ) hi , three , please . hostess if you will follow I - they follow she to the table . harold ( pointedly to Matt ) you know , you brother do not want to sell . brother ? they all sit . gabe 58 matt half-brother . we have a different mother . ( to dad ) that 's a real shame for he , then . Danny stand the most to benefit . he do not work . harold he and Karen have separate . matt ( surprised ) really ? harold I take he in , but now he 's with Jean in Rochester . shit . matt harold apparently he mother move to Florida , which I do not know . do you know that ? no . matt harold she 's also still angry at I apparently . you know , you brother and sister have help organize a show for I up at bard . matt a retrospective ? harold a retrospective of the faculty , yes . matt like a group show ? harold there be other artist , yes , but I have be promise a very prominent place in the gallery . matt ( politely ) sound good . congratulation . gabe get out some papers from he briefcase . 59 gabe you purchase the property in 1973 for 60 thousand dollar . but since , you have borrow against the house a couple of time , the net proceed have diminish - harold Danny think after this show , my work could appreciate considerably in value and that we should wait . matt ( annoyed ) you just tell I Danny do not want to sell at all . dad , whatever happen at bard , you can not afford the real estate tax gabe you be pay two grand a month in utility . even thing you would not think , the housekeeper ... gabe -- matt gabe I be just give example -- harold ( sternly to gabe ) mercede have be with we for year . and although I deplore she politics , I be not let she go . harold ( be : gabe ) be I pay for he ? matt no , he 's do this as a favor to I . gabe 's specialty be not my specialty . I be in personal wealth . harold something I would not know about . matt gabe would only get pay when we sell . harold I be not give gabe anything . absolutely not . and I be not have this conversation with he . this be a private family matter . ok . gabe I understand . 60 harold normally a conspiracy be mount by people close to you . I do not even know this asshole . harold stand up and walk toward the door . matt ( to the waiter ) we will get a check . gabe we do not order anything . matt ( sigh , to gabe ) sorry . Matt rise . he hand gabe the poster roll and papers . matt can you take this to the office for I ? to file ? gabe matt no , it 's some middle school term papers and a risky Business poster . int . new fancy restaurant Matt and harold be stuff bread into they mouth while they consult they menus . they sit at a table for four at the end of a crowded banquette . harold I want to punch gabe in the nose . matt the owner of this place be a client , that 's why we could get a table so last minute . Matt continue , look to impress he dad even just a little . matt that 's why they give we this bigger table ... ( more ) 61 matt ( cont 'd ) I imagine they will send we some complimentary stuff too ... harold struggle with a small aspirin container . matt be that baby aspirin ? harold adult aspirin bother my stomach . be you ok ? harold I have have some headache . fine . matt it 's harold chew the two aspirin . matt have you go to the doctor ? harold it 's not necessary . Matt lay two phone out in front of he . one iphone . one blackberry , harold you be so important you need two phone . matt I see l.j. have a show on at moma , I think I would check it out . harold ( proudly ) I be at the open . sigourney weaver . how be l.j . ? uh huh . I meet matt harold we chatted . she say to I , " my name be sigourney . " I say , " my name be harold . " matt harold l.j. say he 's go to try to come to the show at bard . matt ( politely ) that 's great . 62 harold I be sure l.j. would like to see you there . matt ( vaguely ) if I be in town ... harold I think I be go to show the bronze sphere . it 's a early piece I make when you use to sit on the floor and watch I work . you remember that ? matt you have tell I this before , and I do not remember it . harold you would hand I tool and make suggestion as if you too be the artist . matt well , I be not . harold it be originally untitle , but I be go to call it " Matthew . " matt ( change the subject ) I would like to see eliza too . she send I she movie which I think be really good . do you like it ? harold at that time I think you might be interested in sculpture . or maybe a actor or a comic . you be a very talented mimic . matt I do the voice of a lot of my coworker which crack people up at the firm . ( do a voice ) " I be go to run downstairs for a esmoke . " you do not know ezra , but that 's a pretty good imitation . harold you be also very musical like Danny . 63 matt but Danny could really play . harold he be chubby as a kid but surprisingly dexterous . no , that 's true , Danny be quite gift . I do not know why he do not pursue it . I know he raise a child , but in this day and age , it 's possible to do both . matt there be so many other thing that factor in , do not you think ? harold I suppose that 's true , he have a difficult mother . matt and poor Jean , I feel like she just opt out of ... life . have Jean ever have a boyfriend ? matt or girlfriend ? harold apparently she office- movie show real ability . harold I think you would do something artistic . matt I work with artist . the temperament . I understand harold maybe eliza will be my heir in that department . although she seem more commercially minded . and potentially a lesbian . matt really ? I do not get that . ( clear he throat ) you know , I think I mention to you , I leave the company I be with and I and a couple of other people start we own firm . 64 harold Maureen be talk to a friend who work at the Times about get someone to come up and review the show . in recent year , I have be essentially ignore by the Times and I think this might put I back on the map . matt it be scary , and a big change , but thing have settle and we be do really well . a lot of we old client come with we . I think we be a great alternative to some of the bigger firm . matt ( show harold a image on he phone ) this be we logo . harold unfold he collapsible drugstore glass and put they on . harold fifty -five dollar for a steak . matt they be know for they meat here . harold ( read the menu ) and thirty - five dollar for a salmon . do you get the salmon to blow you for that price ? ( Matt smile politely ) do you want to split a salmon ? matt I be go to get my own steak . do not eat on the plane . I harold a whole portion be go to be too much food for I . matt then eat what you can . matt ( pause ) I be pay . the waiter come . harold I be just go to have a starter . 65 waiter have you guy dine with we before ? do you have any question ? harold we have answer . Matt take out the pill from he pocket . corner and tuck the rest away . he nibble off a harold I be go to have the salad - waiter the little gem , ok . harold ( hesitates ) -- to start and then the steak . waiter the six ounce or the twelve ? harold twelve . and ... ( turn to Matt ) maybe a spinach for the table . the potato sound good . sure . matt harold shall we get a wine ? matt live it up . harold and maybe this brunello . matt I will have the steak . and the market salad . and we do not have a ton of time so if you can bring everything at once ... the waiter leave . harold how 's my grandson who I never get to see ? here . matt 66 he show a photo on he phone to harold . harold he 's quite handsome . so blonde . his hair be matt no , that 's he friend , sebastian . harold oh , he 's the one with he hand in he trousers . matt he be tucking in he shirt . harold he look like the child in kubrick 's the shine . matt that 's the sweater , I think . harold handsome boy . have the meyerowitz eye . do he like the knick ? I suppose he will be a laker fan since you be essentially a angeleno at this point . matt yeah , but New York be not what it be . my artist client be all move out west now . harold I have never forgiven kobe for what he do . matt it 's hard to have a relationship and a child . matt I imagine you have feel that too . harold no , not really . I do not find that difficult . matt dad , you have be marry four time . Three . harold the first be annull . matt I marry she because of tony , but ... ( more ) 67 matt ( cont 'd ) I do not know , I think about what it would mean to leave , but ... even contemplate it make I feel guilty . harold guilt be not a useful emotion . it block feel . my advice be to go to work . start a new project . matt I work every day , dad. office . I go to a harold well , I have not meet he mother so I can not advise you in that department . matt you could have meet she if you would come to we wedding . harold you do it in LA . matt there be plane . harold I always feel you should have invite you brother and sister . matt they be half . I do not talk to they or know they really ... harold you and you brother be quite close as kid . I remember you dress like he . matt he live with we for one year until you kick he out . harold I do not kick he out . he need to go back with he mom and Jean . you mom feel we do not have enough space . 68 matt well , anyway , I do not invite a lot of people , but everyone I invite , include Mom , come except for you . harold well , if you break up what do it matter anyway ? a fashionable european man and woman be eat at a smaller table next to harold and Matt , in the same banquette . the european man , while in conversation , put he glass case on the meyerowitz table . harold it 's so brazen . what ? matt harold this jerk place he glass on we table . matt I do not think he realize . harold no , he know exactly what he 's do . matt dad , in term of you estate , I do not want you to make mistake that can be avoid . harold then they will be my mistake . they be serve they wine . harold before she dry out , Maureen drank half my wine cellar so I have not have any good wine in a while . but she 's be sober now for six week . matt be she still go to aa ? 69 harold she 's do it she own way . Maureen be make uncomfortable by aa which I can understand . it 's quite infantilize give away you control like that . matt I think that 's the idea . harold I tell Maureen , I do not like you when you drink . you become a different person , I say . ( exasperate ) do we look like we need two ketchup ? matt what be you talk about ? harold this son of a bitch just put he ketchup on we table too . the ketchup bottle be now next to the glass case at the end of they table . harold before you know it , he will be sit in my lap . the man ball up he napkin and put it next to the ketchup and glass case on they table . harold I want to punch this guy in the nose . matt it 's fine dad , we have the bigger table . just let it go . the man now place he wine glass on they table . harold reach over and take a sip from the glass and put it back . Matt look horrify . matt dad , what the fuck - the man do not notice , however . he and he date be finish up and prepare to leave . 70 matt please do not do that again . harold it 's my protest . matt you better hope he do not have a cold . the european man grab he jacket from the share banquette bench as harold and leave with he date . matt they be go . can you relax now ? I would like to relax now ? so brazen . harold matt ( change the subject ) I think the knick might be interesting this year -- harold wait a minute . where 's my jacket ? matt right next to you . harold this be not my jacket . ( he look around ) that son of a bitch take my jacket . matt what do you mean ? harold he have my jacket , Matthew . outside the window , the european man and he date be talk . they steak be bring to the table . matt he 's still outside - back . I will get it harold shit , it 's three o'clock . I have to put money in the meter . forget it . matt harold ( sternly ) I be not get a ticket , Matthew . 71 matt fuck it , I be go to grab the guy , you get the check and settle up ? harold I think you be pay . I would not have order that wine otherwise . matt well , what do you want I to do ? harold where 's we waiter ? ( loudly to the waiter ) Excuse I ! Excuse I ! people look over at they . dad -- matt harold can we get a bill ?! Matt be give the check and he instantly hand over he credit card . harold ( stand ) you be not go to look at the bill ? make sure that it all add up . matt we do not have time dad , he 's get away . harold we never get the spinach . or any of the free stuff you suggest they might give we -ext . STREET near fancy restaurant Matthew be run after the couple who be about a half block ahead . Matt keep stop and wait for he father to partially catch up , point in the direction he 's go , and then run ahead again . Excuse I ! matt 72 european man ( immediately confrontational ) what ? matt sorry . there be a mix - up back there . you seem to have take my dad 's jacket . what ? european man matt you have he jacket . we have yours . ( look over he shoulder at harold in the distance ) it 's on its way . CUT to : harold be move as quickly as possible . he stop to catch he breath . he watch he son up ahead talk heatedly with the european couple . he put he hand into the jacket pocket and retrieve a small piece of white paper . he stare at it . CUT to : the european man remove he right glove with he tooth and feel the material of he jacket with he bare hand . european man this be my jacket , man . matt I think it be not . he get here . just wait until european man I know what jacket I take . he and the woman start to walk away . matt ( forcefully ) I understand that , but you take the wrong one ! european man you be crazy , man . Matt be now furious . 73 matt listen , just wait a second , ok ? Jesus , what do it cost you ? where you get to be ? european man so crazy , man . the couple walk briskly ahead . Matt . harold be approach harold where 's he go ? Matt , turn it on now , catch up to the man and touch he shoulder . hey ! matt turn around ! the european man turn around violently , he fist clench . european man you want to get hit , man . matt what 's you problem ? can not you see , you take my father 's jacket . he have yours . what 's the fuck problem ?! Matt look back at he father who be stare at the small piece of paper . matt dad give he he jacket . what 's that ? dad ? harold it 's a ticket stub to something call fault in we star . european man I do not know that . matt of course you do . it have kid die of cancer . it be a big hit . harold ( suddenly ) I have see it . 74 matt ( incredulous ) when do you see fault in we star ? harold in the country at the triplex . be quite affect actually . that kid be tremendously win . it Matt and the european man stare at harold . harold tell the man I want my jacket back . matt ( to the man ) listen , give my father he jacket back and stop be such - a look of realization pass across he face . turn around to he dad . he stop and matt dad , how would this guy have you ticket stub to fault in we star in he jacket ? harold I guess that would not make sense . maybe this be my jacket . ext . STREET near fancy restaurant . harold car . harold approach the car , smile . no ticket . harold a stroke of luck . Matt trail behind , exhaust and still work up . matt that guy be a real asshole . harold he be . and we never really have we lunch . matt Fucking tourist . I should have say something more cut . ( more ) 75 matt ( cont 'd ) I let he get away with be a prick . ( annoyed at himself ) that 's go to eat at I . harold be you sure you do not want to come to the house ? Maureen be go to make pigeon . matt I have to go , dad . harold where be you go ? Matt hesitates , he do not want to have to say . matt I be go over to Mom 's , actually . harold oh ... maybe I will go with you . matt I do not know if that 's -int . matte mom' apartment we be in the midst of a conversation between Julia ( early 70' and Matt 's Mom ) , harold and Matt . the place be warmly furnish with book on shelf , old rug , photo of family . julia -- and that be the summer on martha 's vineyard with l.j. and Maya and Paul and lori . harold we be stay at the knapp house , the one with that peculiar blind dog . julia and Matthew , you be make up all of that card game , do you remember ? and there be one in particular where I ask if it be base on luck and you say it be base on '' hope . '' harold give Matthew a warm squeeze on the neck . smile too . julia you '' hope '' you get a good card . and that 's what we would say all summer . '' it 's base on hope . '' Matthew 76 harold I be commission to make gild halfwing that summer . l.j. be very jealous , I have already sell a piece to the whitney . matt where do they keep that piece ? harold ( defensive ) it 's not lose . they catalog this thing . matt I do not say it be . julia harold , do you see ? she point to a frame sketch on the wall . over to it . harold go harold you still have one of the sketches yes . julia harold -- of gild halfwing . look good here . julia yeah , cody really admire it . say it give he idea . it he harold I think cody be a gym teacher . julia he teach Spanish at ps 182 and coach the soccer team . Matthew , cody 's son be come for dinner . I be make a meatloaf . ok , good . matt I be starve . harold I tell Matthew , this seem like a elaborate ruse just to get he parent back together . Julia laugh . matt you do not tell I that . Matt 's phone be ringing . he check it . 77 matt this be tony on face time , do you mind if I - julia harold , do you want a coffee or tea or anything ? matt he have to go -- harold tea would be nice . I can not have coffee after four . and if you have a triscuit or something . I be also starve . Matt step away , somewhat hesitantly , as he do not like the idea of leave he dad alone with he Mom . he answer the phone hold it out to see he son on the other end . matt hi , sweetheart . tony I be play a game for a minute , it 's call all the animal be Dead . matt can you move the phone up so I can see -- the other way ... that 's down . tony matt down then , honey . Matt watch he father and mother talk . harold tea . julia sorry , I be in the middle of cooking for a big clan tonight . harold be this my buddenbrook ? what ? julia harold remove a book from the shelf harold I think this be my copy of buddenbrook . Julia serve 78 harold look back at the shelf for other book that may have be he . Matt , distract by he parent , frown . tony would you rather a beard make from paper or a beard make from a tree ? matt what 's a beard from a tree ? tony a beard make from a tree be like beard that be like a tree . matt ( to tony ) like the leave on a tree ? yeah . tony but like a beard . matt I guess a beard make from a tree ? tony I too. ( new one ) would you rather die from old age or kill yourself ? Matt watch he dad sloppily blow he nose into a handkerchief . matt ( almost to himself ) Old age , I guess . I too . tony victoria do you give he regular milk ? matt ( startles ) Victoria , I do not know you be there . victoria of course I be here , he do not know how to use the phone himself . yes , I do ! tony victoria he have red all over he cheek and chin , he say daddy give I regular milk . 79 matt he like it better -- victoria he can not have dairy . matt we do not know that for a fact - tony I be go to press the button now . matt ok , I love you , baby . victoria yes , we do know that -- tony I be press the - and they have hang up . harold page through the edition of buddenbrook . cooking at the stove in the background . julia ( o.s. ) we be very thorough when we divide the book . that I remember . matt ( approach he father ) I too . put it back , dad . he kind of half place it back . harold I have be look for this edition . matt you have live without it now for thirty year , I think you will manage . julia ( walk back into the live room ) you can take it , harold , if you want . I have mostly stop read fiction . matt dad , I will walk you to you car . harold I can stay a bit longer . Julia embrace harold . Julia be 80 julia it be so nice to see you again . I think the last time be Matt 's graduation . you know , I have always want to say , and I have think about write or call , but I just never do it ... I have huge regret about how I be with Danny and Jean . I be a kid too , in many way , and they be so angry at I . I take you lead , frankly , and we be start over -- we have Matthew ! -- and we do not want to look back , which be understandable , but ... I wish I would be more nurture of they , more generous , more mother , really . I think they have suffer in part because of that and I feel terrible . anyway , I just want to say that . ext . matt 's mom 's apartment . cobble hill . night Matt walk briskly , a step or two ahead of he father . harold it 's call flirt when you be young , I be not sure what it 's call when you be over seventy . matt ( point up ahead ) you be just up here -- harold she still have my draw on she wall next to the gym teacher 's doodle . matt cody 's a good guy . harold you mother 's more comfortable ultimately be with man who be half - smart , man she can dominate . I be much too formidable . after we separation , and before cody , she be with a homosexual and before that a man who have no foot . they stop at the car . harold her fraudulent claim about not read fiction I find offensive . ( more ) 81 harold ( cont 'd ) she 's masquerade as a populist so as not to threaten cody , but it 's a clever yet bogus subterfuge . it 's a shame you mother , who know better , have succumb to this fashionable anti-art movement . this be why we have a Republican congress . Matt see that harold carry the copy of buddenbrook . frown . harold she say I could have it . mine originally . he it be matt ( annoyed ) you have you key ? harold she be clearly very happy to see I . when it end we be not on speak term , but now you see that big hug she insisted on give I . ( pause ) you know , Maureen always say you mother be the love of my life . matt you take the bridge or the tunnel ? harold I think you be leave tomorrow ? that 's why I drive all the way into Brooklyn . matt I be stay a few day . ( cough ) I be around all this plaster dust earlier ... harold we have lot of room . Maureen be keen on see you as well . you know , she 's you step - mother as much as cody be you step - father . matt I tell Mom I would stay here . harold maybe you split half the time there and half with we ? 82 matt ( snap ) I be not split the time like I do at fifteen . harold it be very important to I , after we separation , that I see you half the time . I want to make it up after Danny and Jean . matt ( with grow anger ) then make it up to they . harold I make a real effort with you . Danny and Jean , I could have do better , but I do not see anything significant I could have do better with you . matt really ? nothing ? you feel like that all be great ? harold come on , Matthew . matt Danny definitely get shit , and Jean do not even get shit . but I get you focus and that fuck I up in a whole other way . harold Matthew , we never see each other , let 's not fight . matt ( furiously ) I keep think I know how to handle you now , but then I see you and I get sucker into you shit all over again . you career , you jacket ! and when I try to actually help you like today , you won't listen . harold open the car door and hesitates . harold I do not know how I could be such a bad father , look how successful you be . right -- matt harold I could never be the businessman you be . 83 ok -- matt harold I have say to Maureen , I do not know who Matthew take after . I certainly do not know how to make money . Matt shout across the vehicle . matt that 's right , I do not take after you . none of we do . you have to be the only artist in the family . and it do not matter that I make money because you do not respect what I do ! harold climb in the car . harold what do you need my respect for , the world respects you because you make money . matt ( throw up he hand ) ugh , I want to punch you in the nose ! Matt run around to the driver 's side . harold I know you think you can treat I this way because of you money . matt it do not matter how much money I make , you make I feel like a big piece of shit because you don't care about it ! harold start the car . matt but you also actually do ! you be privately obsessed with it . you know that I beat you ! I beat you ! the car pull away . matt what the fuck be I talk about ? I be so angry at myself for get suck into this ! ( more ) 84 matt ( cont 'd ) ( wail , he head in he hand ) I have waste so much money on the - title : the open text : in she twelve year as a neurosurgeon Dr. malini soni have never see such a dramatic shove . int . nurse 's station , pittsfield hospital . day the suck and periodic beep sound of a hospital . DR. soni ( v.o. ) it 's quite startling . CUT to : close on a cat scan dr . soni ( o.s. ) a collection of fluid on the leave side of the head be shove the brain clear to the right . a finger enter the frame , point . DR. soni ( o.s. ) his brain experience so much pressure and irritation , that he be in a almost comatose state before we operate . Dr. soni , a indian woman in she 40' , and Pam , 30' , a nurse hover above a computer screen at a terminal . dr . soni there be still some bleed in the leave frontal lobe , but no tissue be lose . the head trauma clogge up the spinal fluid absorption pathway which slow speech , cause lethargy , headache . Dr. soni straighten up and head for the door . follow she into the -- Pam 85 dr . soni ( shake she head ) honestly , this should have be take care of immediately after the trauma . pam do you notice , he wife be heavily perfume , but I think I smell alcohol on she breath . dr . soni yes , I be worried about she as well . they both stop at a hospital room doorway . int . hospital room Danny and Jean sit in adjacent chair . Danny , slump , in he soft leather jacket and short stare into space . he have a brown grocery bag of clothes in he lap . Jean read a book . they both look exhaust . harold lie unconscious in bed , a oxygen mask on he face and a drain protrude from a shave portion of he head . pam oh , I do not realize anyone be here . the sibling startle and both stand immediately . Danny 's bag slip from he lap and hit the floor , the clothes spilling out . shit ! danny sorry . he start collect he underwear and sock . sleep . jean danny not do much ... sleep . Pam check he blood pressure and oxygen reading . good . pam you be family ? danny yes , we get here once we hear -- jean Maureen only tell we he be in the hospital this morning . 86 they look at one another , surprised they be both talk at once . danny via text . we drive from Rochester . jean we want to talk to a doctor . I be Pam . Jean . danny we have not be able to get any information . pam this be Dr. soni. jean Danny . danny jean Dr. soni , can you tell we what 's go on with we dad ? dr . soni when you mother be here we can go over everything . danny she 's we step -mother . jean we both have another mother . jean she would have be seven when she have I . dr . soni well , when you step - mother come back - jean we can not find she . danny her voice - mail be full . jean why can not you tell we right now ? dr . soni this be awkward . what ? danny dr . soni um ... I do not want to get involved in family dynamics , but she tell I not to talk to anyone else . 87 danny well , that 's not right , obviously . we be he kid . jean you can talk to we . dr . soni no , that 's what I be say : since she 's the next of kin , I legally can not talk to you . I be very sorry . they both stare back at she , desperate . danny he have a open on Monday . jean ( oddly ) this be we first real hospital . dr . soni talk to you step-mother ... ext . pittsfield bar . day Maureen furtively exit the local bar , wear she rise tinted glass , and head briskly down the main street . danny ( o.s. ) why do you tell the doctor not to talk to we ? she spot Danny and Jean out of the corner of she eye and pick up the pace . Maureen ! jean Danny and Jean run to catch up . before . Danny , limping worse than maureen ( be : he limp ) be you move that way on purpose ? danny what ? no ? it 's always worse after I have be sit . maureen I think you be mock I . 88 danny you do not walk that way . maureen I think it be a bad imitation . Maureen ! danny jean we need to be able to talk to Doctor soni . maureen Doctor soni look very much like a chum of mine from university who become a art looter , but that 's of no use to you . no . danny jean absolutely none . maureen I will get the information and you can ask I . e-mail might be best if you be go to be in Rochester . I be here . I be here . jean Danny 's here . danny jean you have to tell she it 's ok to speak to I or Danny or Matt , who 's on he way . danny Matt 's come ? jean he texted I . I texted he . danny he texted you ? you texted he ? they reach Maureen 's car . maureen do you think I be not go to tell you the truth ? she open the driver 's seat door . jean I can drive , Maureen . 89 maureen ( get into the car ) Jean , you be wear that same sweater that last time I see you . jean ( baffle ) be I ? Maureen start the car , the sibling stand outside . danny ( emotional ) Maureen , we have be sit in that room with he and he 's attach to that machine and there 's a drain in he head and he 's unconscious and we do not know where you be or what 's go on ? ( snap ) talk to the doc -ext . pittsfield hospital parking lot . sunrise in the dawn light , a rental car pull up . Matt climb out of the back hold a leather overnight bag . he wear he suit , rumple from the flight , with a T-shirt . int . hospital room Matt sit across from he father who sleep . oh , hi . Pam come in . pam Matt smile tiredly . hey . matt pam he 's still sleep ? Pam , the nurse . matt I be Matt , the son . pam oh , I meet you brother and sister . matt half brother and sister , yeah . he ok ? be I be 90 pam Dr. soni speak with you stepmother and then with you sibling -- half -sibling -- and it 's all be clear up and she can talk to you freely now . oh ...ok . matt how 's he do ? pam you father be bring to we the night before last , but because he be take baby aspirin , which thin the blood , Dr. soni have to wait until the morning to operate . matt what happen ? pam he have a chronic subdural hematoma , which in he case mean there have be steady bleed in he head for some time . matt how do he get this ? pam something like this generally come from a fall or if he hit he head -matt he fall about four month ago . bruno pull he onto a path . pam honestly , I be surprised he have such a delay response . he must have a real tolerance for discomfort . matt will he be ok ? pam well , because he wait so long , there be quite a bit of irritation in the frontal lobe and now that the pressure be off the brain , it cause severe agitation . ( more ) 91 pam ( cont 'd ) the frontal lobe be language . ( pause ) but it 's potentially a hundred percent recoverable . harold open he eye and look up at matt. pam ( back out the door ) I will leave you guy . matt thanks , Pam . harold smile brightly , almost innocently . back , awkwardly . matt ( to he dad ) do you know my name ? harold of course , it 's Matthew . Matt , encourage , hold up he phone . matt what be this ? harold blackberry . yes . matt ( smile ) harold this be ... matt what , dad ? this ... harold you ... matt it 's ok , we do not have to talk . harold I can say it . ( slowly but clearly ) you be here . be ... what I want . Matt hesitates . Matt smile 92 matt how ...how be you feel ? harold I be happy ... you be here . matt I take a red- eye when I yeah ... hear . harold that make I happy . matt ( wiping he face ) thank you , dad . I be sorry ...we ... I be sorry this happen . harold take Matt 's hand . harold when be my ...? ( he make a face have difficulty with the word ) matt you open ? it 's on Monday . harold be that today ? matt no , today be Wednesday . harold will ... it happen ? matt it will happen , dad . I do not know if you will be able to go . will you ? sure . harold matt I will go . harold you speak for I . matt I can say something , yes . 93 harold it 's yours ... harold smile and close he eye . the first light from outside now arrive through the window . harold we make it together . int . hospital hallway Matt approach Pam . matt I have a meeting in the City which I really need to go to . ok . pam um ...sure . matt that 's ok , right ? pam matt I mean , he 's ok , right ? abandon he ? pam I can not really answer that for -- I be not matt I just have this client meeting . pam I understand . matt he 's ok , right ? pam ( warmly ) I think so . yes. matt you have my number . anything change . call I if tony ( v.o. ) where you be ? ext . gas station Matt pump gas and talk to tony on face time . it 's a chilly morning and he do not put a coat on when he get out of the car . 94 matt I be in pittsfield . Massachusetts . it 's in tony's voice be that like New York ? matt well , it 's a different state . tony's voice it 's sunny here . what 's it there ? matt it look like rain . tony's voice you can not fight the weather . can fight knight . yeah . you matt tony 's voice and ninjas . you know who be good at play ninjas ? jim. matt who 's Jim ? tony 's voice he 's a handyman . matt I have never hear of Jim . tony 's voice you use to live here but you do not anymore . if you do , you would know Jim . matt do you see a lot of Jim ? tony 's voice he come on weekend . be this a weekend ? matt in three day it 's a weekend . tony 's voice Three day ! that 's three week . 95 matt no , sweetheart , it 's three day . do ... do Jim stay over ? tony 's voice no , Jim do not sleep . he stay up all night with mommy eat dinner and leave in the morning . matt ( addle ) hold on ... I be get another call . tony's voice raise you hand if ninjas be you favorite thing . Matt raise he hand . matt just a second , sweetheart . tony 's voice I be press the button . matt no , wait ... just hold on . Matt click over . matt hello ?... this be he ... shit ... I be come ... int . hospital elevator /hallway the elevator door open . Matt come run out . with he down the hallway until he reach -- we move int . harold hospital room Matt enter . Danny and Jean be talk over each other . jean Danny , stop , it do not help ! danny maybe if he hear it -- jean ( to harold ) do you know who this be ? 96 harold ( with difficulty ) it 's all right . danny do you remember when you say : " Danny . " jean you have to stop give he the answer . Matt look between he sibling and he dad with confusion . danny ( point at Matt ) who be this ? we swing over to find matt. harold ( vaguely ) it 's all right . oh ...no . it 's matt. here . matt danny he just get jean stop give he the answer . a bald male nurse , 40' , enter . the nurse look at harold and say as if speak to a child . male nurse how be we do ? harold ( weakly ) it 's all right . matt where 's Pam ? male nurse Pam engel or Pam Chin ? matt I do not know ? I be just here and he know what a blackberry be and could say my name and everything . ( to Danny and Jean ) we talk about he show . 97 danny ( surprised ) you be here ? ( and then ) where be you ? male nurse sometimes it can take a little while to come back from this surgeries . matt ( upset ) no , he be already back ! male nurse ( confuse ) I be sorry , who be you ? everybody ? ( laugh ) I just get here . danny we be he kid . who be where 's Pam ? matt male nurse I be not here , so I do not know . matt I be ! that 's what I be tell you . where 's Pam ? danny ( hurt ) why do not you call ? you go ? matt I be head back to the City for a meeting , but I turn around when Pam call -- where do male nurse sometimes tiredness can cause this . and he blood pressure be quite high . matt this be not tiredness ! something be wrong . can not we find Pam ?! male nurse ( offended ) no , I be the charge nurse . danny ( to Matt ) you be here . why do not you call we ? 98 matt ( sharply to Danny ) because it never occur to I ! ok ? jean where 's Dr. soni ? male nurse she 's on she round . matt something be happen to my father ! I want Pam ! male nurse ( sharply ) ok , you be go to have to stop shouting . danny we be sorry , he 's just emotional . jean it 's we dad . matt I be not emotional , Danny , I want Pam . male nurse right now , we be wait for a neurologist to read he eeg for brainwave activity . matt when will that happen ? male nurse I do not know . it 's be read in India . danny oh , because of ... why ? male nurse ( angrily ) in the meantime , I be go to give he lotensin for he high blood pressure . I will be right back . he leave . Matt turn to Danny and Jean . matt he 's give he lotensin . what do he get before for he blood pressure ? 99 danny umm ... the other nurse come through . she do something . jean yeah , she seem to know -matt do you write it down ? danny I can not remember ... I neither . jean matt ( furious ) from now on everything get write down . do you understand ? danny ( defensive ) it 's one thing . you can read what number it be now . he 's alive . Jesus . this people do this for a live . matt this people change every five minute . if we be not pay attention he might die . do you understand that ? Danny look like he 's about to cry like a scold child . I do . Jesus . danny matt danny I will write everything down . matt everything . I get it . danny matt ( angrily ) sorry ! yeah . jean 100 danny ( yell ) it 's ok ! pause . jean it 's nice to see you , matt. dr . soni ( v.o. ) the lose speech could be because of frequent or partial seizure . int . hospital conference room Dr. soni address the three sibling who listen attentively , scribbling in pad in they lap . dr . soni a up and down be common but this be more of a down than expect . if it be he heart , we would shock he out of it , but you can not shock the brain in this case so we need to quiet the brain . the three sibling turn the page in they book almost in unison but not quite . dr . soni we be put he in a barbiturate coma with a combination of propofol and pentobarbital or phenobarbital . probably pento . I want to be aggressive . jean will he be ok ? dr . soni think of it like shutting down a computer and then restarting . or if you be a luddite like I , like a grain of sand become a pearl . Jean laugh politely . strangely . Danny and Matt look at she matt will he be ok ? dr . soni well , it 's not what we would hope at this stage . ( more ) 101 dr . soni ( cont 'd ) because he will be completely sedate we will need to intubate . ( warmly ) I want you to know , we be do we very best . we want to see you father walk out of here soon . jean thank you , Dr. soni . she smile and head toward the door . dr . soni now , I be go to be on vacation for three week start tomorrow - they all immediately stand up . matt / danny / jean what ?!/ what ?!/ be you serious ? dr . soni you will be in very good care . Dr. brotman will be take over - Danny , stand , try write on he pad , use he lift leg for support . danny ( write ) Dr. brotman ... int . hospital conference room hallway soni walk briskly down the hall , the three sibling chase she . jean do you have to go ? you just push it ? can not danny we need you here . dr . soni ( laugh ) God , no , my husband will divorce I ! we be go to China . matt you be put we dad in a coma and then leave we ? danny Matt , it 's not like that . ( then not sure ) ( more ) 102 danny ( cont 'd ) it 's not , right Dr. soni ? not like that . it 's dr . soni well , technically , yes , it 's that . danny you can not do that to we . matt first Pam , now you ? danny can we get Pam back at least ? dr . soni I be not in charge of the nurse assignment . ( aside to a pass man ) hi , Doctor Liu . danny it do not feel fair , Dr. soni , that you can just live you live normally while we dad be lie here . DR. soni ( hesitates ) maybe it be not . int . hospital hallway Matt and Danny end up next to each another , walk down the hall . Danny hum a indecipherable tune . danny dad say you start you own company ? matt yeah , a couple of other guy and I decide to -- danny ( try to engage ) so , how do that work ? do you just tell you boss , like --? matt well , I be one of the partner so I do not technically have a boss -danny right , no ... so you get a better offer -- 103 matt no , there be no offer , that 's what be so scary , we be create we own opportunity - danny because you want something smallermatt bigger . many of the firm 's client come with we - danny which be surprising - they reach a elevator . Matt hit the button . matt no , we expect it . we can not legally ask the client to come with we , but we trust - danny but they do not have much choice -matt it 's totally they choice -danny no , I know , because you have they money - matt well , they money be with the firm . but they money be in investment or a bank - the elevator arrive . they get on . int . elevator danny I understand . my buddy , ptolemy , he life across the street , or live across the street from where I live -matt dad tell I about you ... Karen , I be sorry . I have also -- 104 danny ptolemy be like you , he work in a ... ( fishing for it ) arbitrage . matt yeah , that 's not what I do . danny no , I be not say -- but ptolemy say the system be rig from the inside -matt that 's not entirely true -- danny but mostly -- matt so , this be a exciting time for I . danny how 's you boy ? matt good , Victoria and I be have some problem . danny I never meet she . separate . Karen and I matt I know , I just say I be sorry . danny do you ? ( pause ) I be sorry too . matt ( move on ) I like eliza 's movie ! danny ( surprised ) she send it to you ? int . hospital lobby they get off the elevator and head through the lobby toward the parking lot . 105 matt ( to Danny ) be you limping ? Jean rise from a bench where she 's be wait for they . yes ! jean danny it 's always stiff after I have be sit . matt you should see the other dog . what ? nothing . danny matt danny I borrow a old cane of Maureen 's dead ex-husband , but it 's not really necessary . I keep it in the car . ( pause ) I be tell ya . montage : ext . maureen' house . day Danny and Jean help Matt move he stuff inside . carry a bulky printer / scanner . Matt matt it 's tax season . int . maureen' house . dine room Maureen serve the sibling a strange look bird . Matt dig in and chew for a long time . Jean and Danny share a smile . ext . maureen 's house . path around the house the three sibling walk bruno . matt the knick need a point guard -- 106 I /e . maureen' house . back porch Matthew , Danny and Jean be play card . danny ( suddenly ) would you fuck Pam ? Matt 's consider this . I would . jean just kid . matt Jean , be you see anyone ? Danny look at Matt , surprised . no . jean int . maureen 's house . live room . later night Matt add up figure on a calculator with lighten speed . Danny , eat a huge sandwich . Jean flip through a photo album . jean you be both such middle - age man in the make . int . hospital gift shop . day the sibling stare at the various nick - knack . int . hospital room nighttime in the hospital room . harold be comatose , intubated and hook up to machine do everything for he . he still have a drain in he head and feed tube in he stomach . Danny be lie between two chair , asleep . he dip slowly between the divide in chair . a hand gently rustle he shoulder . he look up . it 's Jean . he nod , rise , gather he thing . danny ( sleepily , but attentive ) the night nurse today be name Rich . he 's ok , but do not really know anything . dad 's blood pressure be 178 so they give he lopressor . it 's down to 154 now . ( more ) 107 danny ( cont 'd ) I write it down . keep a eye on it . he hand she the notebook . I will . jean Jean take Danny 's seat , prop up she foot and take out a book . CUT to : a nurse open a curtain . sunlight through the window . Jean be wake by Matt who relieve she . jean his blood pressure drop so they put he on a levophed drip , but that 's hard on he kidney , so make sure they keep he hydrate with the iv ... Matt nod and take she place at they dad 's side . CUT to : Matt work on a stack of tax document with he calculator . he hear laughter . he gaze into the hallway . two nurse be look at a menu . they chat casually . nurse # 1 it should taste really sweet too ... it be a little gooey . eww . nurse # 2 it freak I out . nurse # 1 do I want meatball ? Matt watch . a machine start beep . Matt look up suddenly . doctor gonzalez ( v.o. ) -- and overnight he contract sepsis , which be a full body inflammation . int . icu room / hallway Danny , Matt , and Jean be confront by a new doctor , Dr. gonzalez . oh , shit . matt doctor gonzalez unfortunately the longer he 's here the more susceptible he be to infection . 108 jean what about he brain ? a eeg ? do we have doctor gonzalez this be a different unit , we be in the icu , so I do not have that answer as of yet . matt so , now we be in the right unit to treat he sepsis , but the wrong unit to treat he head ? doctor gonzalez ( nod ) they have a call in to a neurologist . people rarely come in on weekend . matt do people not generally get sick on weekend ? doctor gonzalez we be work on get you that answer . the doctor hand Matthew a pamphlet . show it to Danny . he look at it and doctor gonzalez this be a helpful summary of the conversation you might want to have , thing you might want to think about . danny ( read ) a end of life conversation ? doctor gonzalez it help you prepare . in case . ext . train station eliza meet the three sibling outside on the platform . int . hospital office the sibling , eliza and Maureen sit for a end of life conversation , take note . a group of doctor talk to they from across a large table . 109 doctor this be thing we suggest you say to you father before it 's too late : " I love you . " " I forgive you . " " forgive I . " " thank you . " " Goodbye . " int . icu hospital room eliza unpack a blue-tooth speaker and a phone from she backpack and set it up to play music for she grandfather . Danny place harold 's catalogue under the speaker as a base . she play a loud Nick cave song . eliza he tell I he like this when I play it once . eliza sob at she grandfather 's bedside . Danny , Matt and Jean regard this . they have be so catch in the hospital struggle they have not have much time to be emotional . tony ( o.s. ) I want to say bye now . int . hospital cafeteria eliza and Matthew be at a table look at Matthew 's phone . matt we just get on the phone ! tony ( o.s. ) I be go to press the button . eliza hi tony , you remember I ? never actually met-matt this be eliza , you cousin ? wait ... we have tony ( o.s. ) I be press the butt -- matt shit ! eliza laugh . Danny limp over with a unripe banana and a yogurt on he tray . 110 danny ( sit ) I be oddly grow fond of this cafeteria , like I have almost come here just anyway to eat . how 's you boy ? matt she fuck get in he head . he 's always hang up on I now . danny call he back . matt I do not want to call he back , it make I feel bad . danny he 's five year old . they hate phone . eliza , when you be that age you have never talk on the phone . matt she make it too difficult . I do not know , sometimes I think maybe I sit this kid out and start another family and then he find I when he 's twenty - one . let he come to I . Danny get up to grab napkin from another table . danny he 's not a girl you be try to trick into dating you . eliza dad , you limp be worse . danny it 's always stiff after I have be sit . eliza I be look on - line , it could be you hip . danny it 's my back . matt we should get you check out . 111 danny I do not have time to see a doctor now . matt we be already at a doctor . eliza laugh . Danny sit back down . danny I know what it be , ok ? matt what be it ? danny it 's ... i... I mean I basically know . eliza dad , you get to deal with it . matt yeah , Dan , I mean , look at dad . he ignore he thing and -danny just let I eat my fuck banana , ok ?! Matt and eliza share a quick smile . danny and call you son ! Matt hesitates and slowly get up to make the call . ext . maureen' driveway . late day Maureen pull into the gravel nodd hello to Matt who stretch before a run . matt hi , Maureen . she drive past Matt . Matt continue to loosen up as we watch she car slowly veer onto the grass and roll down into a tree . Matt turn when he hear the soft impact . int . maureen 's house . kitchen it 's fill with dusty appliance , yogurt container full of tack and coin , fade photo and outdated menus crookedly affix with random refrigerator magnet . Matt find a musty water pitcher with a old filter and fill it . 112 maureen it 's a shame the dad be go to miss the open tomorrow . he be really look forward to it . matt dad ask I to say something . I be go to ask Danny and Jean too . he remove some mismatch bowl from a cabinet , look for glass . a popov vodka bottle be stashed in the back . he turn around . Maureen quickly avert she eye . Matt hesitates and take the bottle . maureen he never would have expect you to have show up . we be try to figure it out , have you ever even be to this house before ? no ... matt he pour she and he a glass of vodka . she hesitates , but take it . she hold a freeze pack of peas to the bruise on she face . maureen the dad always hope for a visit but I guess you always have a lot to do in the City when you come to town . and we not be a-list parent and all . Danny and Jean , of course , be here all the time , but that 's less exciting for the dad . Matt drink he vodka . matt I reach out to some of he old friend who be go to come visit . maureen ( rise ) I hope they understand they will be look at a sleep man . hello Andy Warhol ! matt I explain that . word . in so many 113 maureen I speak to the neurologist , Dr. diebert , who seem very knowledgeable , but have no upper lip to speak of , and if harold survive the infection , they have no idea what person will be there when he wake up . maybe he will be Brad Pitt . or neruda . or Joe the plumber . ( with real feel , but dramatically ) I just want he to be harold . matt ( change the subject ) have you look over the document I send you ? Maureen rise and retrieve a envelope from a drawer . maureen yes and give where we be with the dad ... and the Manhattan house be more than we need right now , I have take you counsel , and I think sell the house and art to James and Brian be the right thing to do . I sign the place you mark for I . she hand the manila envelope to Matthew . matt then it 's do . maureen some of that piece be quite large , how will they be display ? matt ( abash ) well , you know , James 's family own a series of retirement community around the country and they be go to donate the art to this facility as a write - off . maureen ( hesitates ) oh ...ok . I can not believe Danny be happy about that and Jean ... well , who know what Jean feel about anything . 114 matt ( try to rationalize ) well , with dad 's illness ... I think I have wait until after the show to tell they anything ... I do not know , there 's be so much go on ... maureen really they have no power anyway . I do not know what happen to they as child -- harold say he try he best -- but they be really such disappointment . matt ( sadly ) nobody take care of they . Maureen nod . maureen I say that as a disappointment myself . I be neglect too during my childhood . it 's funny , I be never interested in have kid . maybe once . no , not even once . ( drink ) you be very good at get the most for you client . matt it 's what I do . ext . hospital parking lot . morning Danny , Matt , and Jean climb out of Danny 's subaru . matt eliza texted , she come early to be with dad . danny she texted you ? jean the curator be meeting we at bard at one . so , let 's get eliza , say we good - by to dad and get on the road . a car door slam . they look : a old , frail man , 80' , be be lift by he burly , muscular male nurse from the passenger seat . 115 oh good . matt Paul come . danny Paul Epstein ? I always like Paul . man , he 's get older . matt I be glad dad still have friend . ( head in the old man 's direction ) I be go to say , hi. danny ( over he shoulder ) Jean , you remember Paul and lori ? Jean ? danny CUT to : title : ( Jean 's Story ) ext . hospital parking lot Jean wander around the cement column as she talk . jean I write a short story about this once , but I never finish it and it be not very good . you remember that summer I visit dad on martha 's vineyard ? dad never invite I or Danny - never . danny ( o.s. ) jean -- that summer I be a camp counselor at french Woods in vermont -- jean -- to the summer place but -danny ( o.s. ) be that the one with alisa lirtzman ? jean no , that be thoreau . I be only at this one for one summer -- and I have two day off , and I call he and he could not say , no . he must have get permission from you mother -- it be not as convenient as I have think . ( more ) 116 jean ( cont 'd ) I have to take two bus and a ferry . when I arrive nobody meet I . I hitchhike to the other side of the island . when I get to the house it be already night and the adult be all go out for dinner . dad and you Mom and l.j. and Maya and Paul and lori . Julia say something about I have my bag in the way . they be happy to have a baby -sitter , so they leave I with the kid . you be there , Matthew , and Loretta and some other kid I do not know . we watch Three 's company on tv . the next day , dad play tennis and work in he studio . I go down to the beach with the kid . I get to swim in the ocean which be really special for I . I love that . later , I shower in the outdoor shower with my suit on . and I realize someone be watch I . it be Paul . he smile at I , almost politely and then he lower he tight bathing suit , take out he penis and start stroking it . oh God . matt Paul do ?! danny jean I watch he until he finish . then he walk away . danny do you tell anyone ? jean I tell dad that night and he ask if Paul have touch I and I say , no . he think we should probably just leave it then , they be go back to the City soon anyway . but that if Paul do it again , he would punch he in the nose . the next day when I be leave , I look around for dad to say goodbye , but he be play tennis . I think about tell you Mom , Matthew , but I be afraid she would get angry at I . I remember cry on my way to the ferry . 117 Matt and Danny look stunne . matt Jean , can I ask you a question ? why do you always show up for dad ? why be you always here ? jean ( shrug and say matterof - factly ) because I be a decent person . even though he never take care of we ... it 's what you do . besides , I like hang out with you guy . Matt and Danny awkwardly try to hug she . away . she wriggle jean I be go to smoke . int . icu hallway Paul , aid heavily by he burly nurse , shuffles toward harold 's room . danny ( o.s. ) do we kick the shit out of he ? matt ( o.s. ) he 's eighty . we would kill he . Danny and Matt watch from a distance . danny that 's true . or hurt he very badly . matt and neither of we can take that nurse . danny that 's for sure . ( start toward the room ) I be go to spit on he . matt ( hold he back ) no , I know what to do . 118 ext . hospital parking lot Matthew grab a wooden branch , walk over , and smashes it over Paul 's car . it break in two . matt but good too ! ( grab a rock ) you get to try this . oww ! Danny come forward , brandish he metal cane and smashes the roof with it . Danny look at it , bent . danny shit , this be Maureen 's dead exhusband 's cane . Matt chuck the rock , crack the windshield . the car repeatedly . they be loving it . they smash danny I have never do anything like this ! matt I neither ! int . hospital lobby they run inside , high on adrenaline . matt what 's that blood ? bleed ? who 's they stop and check themselves . danny I do not see it . you hand ? oh , yeah . matt danny and you face . matt ( wipe blood from he chin ) yeah . danny ( thrust he now bent aluminum cane in the air ) yeah ! 119 matt that feel great . danny I do not know why we do not do that more . Pam ! matt ( suddenly ) Pam be talk to another nurse in the hallway . she startles then smile somewhat uneasily as they both rush toward she burst with enthusiasm . they both hug she . matt last night he blood pressure be at 173 but they give he hydrolozene -- danny and a extra dose of lopressor - - matt and get it down to 155 . oh good . pam danny that sound ok ? he 's also on kepra and morphine and ... matt it 's in we note . danny eliza 's get the note . do you meet eliza ? she 's my daughter . ( lowering he voice ) he have sepsis , Pam . oh , no . pam matt and that 's after the coma . oh ... pam I be sorry . danny drug induce ! phenobarbital . matt pento actually -danny I think it be phenobarbital -- 120 matt what do it matter , we do not know what either of they be anyway ? pam ( nodd ) ok . I will make sure to look in on he ... matt it 's so good to see you . come back to we unit . please pam be you bleed ? int . icu hospital room the brother poke they head in . danny umm , eliza , we need to go . eliza ( look up ) um ... danny what ? Paul be sobbing at harold 's bedside . the burly nurse gently rub he back . Matt and Danny hesitate . Danny indicate for eliza to follow . she rise . eliza ( cry ) bye grandpa . I will be back in two weekend . I love you . I forgive you . forgive I - come on ! danny burly nurse ( to Paul ) we should be get on too . no ! danny Paul look up . matt no , could you stay here for at least ten or fifteen minute more , you think ? he stare at Danny and Matt strangely . 121 paul be that harold 's brother ? matt we be he son . Matthew . Danny and paul you look just like he . burly nurse be you bleed ? int . icu hallway the brother run . eliza behind they . matt let 's go tell Jean ! ext . hospital parking lot Danny , who hold he bloody hand , and Matt stand excitedly in front of Jean . they be both sweat . danny smashed it . what ? jean matt ( point across the lot ) look ! eliza ( aside to Matt ) he have dementia . what ? matt danny ( to Jean ) we think you would be happy . jean why would I be happy about this ? you smashed a sick old man 's car . ( be : Danny 's hand ) let 's get you a bandage . danny ( jump up and down ) I do not want a bandage . I want to let it bleed . let 's go to bard ! 122 matt he have dementia ? eliza ( nod ) yeah . matt he have dementia . danny well , he do not have dementia when he molest Jean . jean he do not molest I . danny ( lose steam ) but let 's not minimize it , Jean . what he do be shitty and damaging and I do not know ... that same asshole be in there somewhere ... right ? beneath the dementia . jean I be glad you guy feel better . unfortunately I be still fuck up . danny do you want to take a swing ? jean I could smash every car in this parking lot and burn the hospital down and it would not un - fuck I up . ( silence ) you guy will never understand what it 's like to be I in this family . ( open she door ) let 's go to bard . int . bard gallery . day a mix of faculty , student , artist and out - of - towner mingle amongst the work . eliza gather with she friend and Jean . and older woman , hilma federman , say to another teacher . 123 hilma he vote against my chairmanship , but I always like he . from across the room a attractive woman , 30' , talk with a group , smile at Matt . Matt , in he suit with a tie , smile back . he stand in front of harold 's bronze sculpture which be prominently display . danny ( o.s. ) this toast be really stress I out . Danny appear and hand Matt a champagne . Danny wear he leather jacket over a shirt and tie and khakis with a hummus stain on the fly . Jean pass by on she way to the bar . danny Jean , you sure you do not want to say anything ? fuck no . jean Matt fish into he pocket and produce the two pill . matt I have have this for a while but I think they be still good . want one ? danny what will it do to I ? matt it will either bring you up or down . hopefully down , I guess ? danny ( inspect it ) someone take a bite already ? matt that be I . I have a crumb when I last see dad . danny oh , ok . ( pause ) what do it do to you then ? 124 matt make I annoyed at dad ? know . I do not Matt and Danny each take a pill and down it with champagne . a blonde kid drape he arm around eliza 's neck . Danny frown . danny what about Marcus ? matt they break up . danny how do you know that -- matt this woman keep smile at I . the attractive woman be smile at matt. matt I be get a real energy from she . suddenly , she excuse herself from she conversation and walk toward they . danny she 's walk over here . Matt run he hand through he hair . I look ok ? matt danny yeah , you look handsome . Matt place he drink on harold 's sculpture . Danny quickly remove it . she approach Matt , she face blush . woman be you harold meyerowitz 's son ? yes . matt ( pause ) this be Danny , also harold meyerowitz 's son . woman I be nathalie perry . I just want to say , you father be a huge influence on I . ( more ) 125 woman ( cont 'd ) he be a great teacher , he find a way to make everything sound interesting . matt ( not what he expect ) oh ... woman I meet my husband , Gary , in he class . oh ... matt woman it be important to we to be here when we hear he be sick . he speak about you a lot , he be very proud of you . ( look at Danny ) I do not realize he have two son . matt and a daughter . l.j. ( o.s. ) be that Matt and Danny ! l.j. embrace Matt and Danny simultaneously . open and emotional while he talk . l.j. I be in Madrid when I hear . so damned heartbroken to hear about the old man . yeah . matt he 's very I be danny thanks , l.j. l.j. how 's he do ? where be he ? come to visit . danny ( release l.j. ) he 's kind of in a coma in pittsfield right now . l.j. ( tear run down he face ) I do not give a shit . let 's go tonight . I be 126 matt ( break the hug ) and he have sepsis . l.j. it 's the fuck hospital that will kill you . we get to get he out of there . danny he would love if you come even if he will have no idea . matt we will take picture . l.j. ( squeezing they tighter ) we will take picture . danny ( eagerly look around ) where 's Loretta ? l.j. her son get chicken - pox and she have to stay in town ! she be very disappointed . danny ( disappointed ) that 's too bad . matt I never get chicken pox . l.j . you should call she , Dan . she would like to see you . I know danny ( resolute ) I be go to . l.j. you would like she boyfriend too . he 's a good man . a screenwriter . ext . bard gallery . day Matt pursue Danny outside . matt do not beat yourself up . 127 danny I should never have leave that open at moma . it be just ... dad ... I feel obligate . matt you think you be do the right thing ... danny you would have stay . matt I probably would have , yeah . but I would have feel bad about it . but it 's a good lesson : dad can take care of himself . you have to take care of yourself . danny no , he can not , Matt . that 's why he 's where he be now . ( beat himself up ) I should have be able to tell something be wrong . I just think he be get old ... matt shit , I yell at he . the guy be suffer and I scream at he on the street . there 's no catharsis in shouting at a old person who 's die . danny do you think he 's go to die ? eliza ( o.s. ) dad , I want you to meet someone , this be Robin . eliza and Robin , the blonde boy , stand by the door with drink . Robin smoke . Danny approach , Matt behind he . danny ( shaking hand ) Nice to meet you . robin ( try to sound adult ) you too . eliza speak very highly of you . 128 danny oh ...ok . ( to eliza ) you speak highly of I ? eliza you know what he mean . eliza crack open a beer . danny eliza , you have have two wine already , do not have a beer too . eliza I can handle it . danny eliza , it 's not good to mix wine and beer . you will feel cruddy tomorrow . I be tell you . eliza I have do it before , dad . matt maybe she 's right , maybe she have a constitution that can handle the grape and the grain . danny please , just ... stay out of this . eliza Matt 's right , I have the fortitude for it . danny I be tell you , you be go to feel like crap . eliza take a swallow . Danny grab the beer from she , and chuck it . Robin look scared . eliza what the fuck , man ?! she storm back inside the gallery . Robin trail behind . matt what do it matter if she drink wine and beer ? 129 danny stop interfere with my parent , matt. matt she 's eighteen . what " parent " do you need to do here ? she 's just a person now . danny this be something I do and I be quite good at it , ok ? she and I have a very good relationship when you be not around . so , stop ... gang up on I . Matt reach out and take Danny 's shoulder . matt ( try to diffuse ) I be sorry . you know , I have enjoy hang out recently . danny yeah ? I too . you know , I have want to apologize for a long time . for what ? matt danny I be piss at myself because when dad kick I out of the house and I move back with my mom , you really make a effort to hang out and I kind of blow you off . and I feel like I fuck that up . I think it 's really my fault that we be not close . Danny hug Matt strangely . danny it be hard for I to be around dad and you mom at that time too . they be so critical of I and I be just failing . matt ( try to end it ) we should go back in , give we toast . 130 danny ( oddly ) be you disappointed in I ? matt no , no . what ? they both wander , move , circle -- there 's restless pent up energy that 's slowly be release by both of they . danny I know dad be . but I feel like you maybe also be critical of I for quit piano and -matt no , no , no . you be my big brother , I look up to you . danny I quit because it be my protest . ok ? ok . matt like mcenroe . danny and also ... because it be like ... it be like walk barefoot through break glass to get to a milkshake . I love the milkshake but , you know , my foot be ... bleed . matt I can understand that . danny can you ? Cause my feel about you be you can not . it 's not you fault but like dad , you make I feel really bad about myself . I be sorry . matt danny I say it 's not you fault . matt ( lean back toward the gallery building ) let 's go in . 131 danny can I ask you something ? matt ( uh - oh ) what ? danny a few year ago , when Karen and I have you over to we house when you be in town and I never hear from you afterwards . maybe you do not like the food or Karen or I insulted you in some way . Karen maybe have too much grappa-matt no ! that be nice . I go back to LA , I do not know . danny be you bored ? most people seem to find we interesting enough , we have have no complaint . matt it 's nothing like that . it 's just ... life ... it 's not more than that . danny well , even in life , you can make a effort . write a e-mail from one of you phone . but , I guess you be fine make no effort with family . you say you have guilt , but ... matt ( angry ) I be here now . I be in fuck rhinebeck . I be just in pittsfield . I have be here . danny ( emotional ) it should not come to that ! and if dad survive , you will go back to LA and I be go to be take care of he for a very long time . matt we will all help out . 132 danny no ...we will not all . it will be I . and Jean . and mainly I . matt I will come more often . danny that 's what you say when you eat dinner with Karen and I . ( walk away ) you have make you priority clear . matt you know what : I be tired of apologize for do well . danny ptolemy ask I why you never talk dad 's work up to you wealthy client . he say you could be really helpful , that it 's all perception . you know , he 's a good artist and there 's no reason he be not as well know as l.j .! matt maybe it 's not my responsibility to help dad . maybe that . danny no , it 's what you do . matt and also maybe he 's not so great . maybe he 's undiscovered for a reason . maybe that ! the truth be we don't know , Danny . we be brainwash . danny why be you so angry at he anyway . he love everything you do . do he ? matt he do not tell I that . danny he tell I . I should be angry at he . I should hate he for treat I and Jean like second class citizen . 133 matt then why do not you ?! you should . he hold Danny 's shoulder again , and say more tenderly . matt listen , you and Jean be go to get some money . we get a great deal on the house and all of the art and I be give my share to both of you . it do not make up for everything but you guy really deserve this . Danny slip from Matt 's grasp , angry . danny dad say this be a family discussion ! wait ... do this ... do this happen already ? yes . matt it 's do . danny he tell I we have decide together . and you do this when he can not say anything ... he tell I , Matt . you be not there . matt if we do not do something , we would be spend the next few year throw he work in dumpster . this way we get something for it . danny I do not care about money . that house , that work means something to I . matt you should embrace this . I should be the one who care . I grow up there . that 's my house . I should care . danny then why do not you ? matt because ... I do not know ... you be probably right , I should care . maybe I do ... maybe I do ... ( hesitates ) ( more ) 134 matt ( cont 'd ) but this make sense , they be go to donate the art as a tax writeoff . James 's family own a series of retirement community around the country - danny how could you do this to he ? who could even dream up such a plan ?! I ! matt it 's what I do for a live . Danny shove Matt . Matt shove he back . danny ptolemy say you guy make yourselves indispensable to vulnerable rich people . matt why do not you tell I more about my business ? Danny , I really want you or dad or fucking ptolemy to tell I about what I do every day for a live . Matt push Danny . oww ! Danny kick he in the leg . matt you kick I in the shin . and now they be scuffling awkwardly . matt ( blurt out ) I be disappointed in you for quit piano . Danny swing wildly at he . matt what the fuck be wrong with you ? I know it 's hard , it 's hard for all of we . get it together ! danny ( now , just shouting insult ) and you be do with tony just what dad do with I and Jean . 135 Matt slap Danny hard across the face then slip on the grass and land on he ass . Danny tackle he and they topple onto the lawn hit each other awkwardly . people emerge from the gallery . they . College kid surround college kid # 1 hey , he 's beat up a old guy . college kid # 2 no , they be both old . college kid # 1 ( shouting at the brother ) what 's wrong with you two ? they be roll on the grass . eliza and Jean try to stop they but can not get close with the flail arm and leg . l.j. come run out and lift they both up and hold they apart in headlock . l.j. goddamn it , meyerowitze . both be cover in dirt and grass and blood . clutches the side of he leg . my hip . Danny danny he collapse on the ground . matt ( v.o. ) we want to thank bard for make this show happen . int . bard gallery Matt , bloody , he suit tear , and still pick grass out of he hair address the crowd . he consult note card and talk smoothly and professionally despite he appearance . matt and thank many of you for make the trip . my dad , and I be sure every artist involved in this show , would be really pleased . Jean indicate for he to address the bleed come from he nose . Matt wipe it on he arm . 136 matt my father be a teacher here for thirty - three year so this be particularly special for he . and this piece be special for I as it 's call Matthew . my father tell a story of how this piece come to be . how I would sit on the hardwood floor of he studio , get nail in my ass , and hand he tool and make suggestion and he would let I help or let I think I be help and when it be do he say we have make it together . even though I do not remember this time , he do . but I remember that feel . of be very proud . of want to be a artist like my dad . of be include -- he be interested in I , he ... love I ... ( he wipe tear from he face ) I be sorry , I do not know why I be ... I have be angry at he for so much of my adult life . I guess I be try to outrun he . but I do not -- I be still that boy help my dad . and he love I . even if it be not how I want he to love I , he love I . and I have give away he life 's work - - it 's go ... ( to Danny and Jean ) I be sorry . and if dad do not make it , he and I be not ok . we never get to be ok ... Danny be there beside he now , hold Matt in he arm . Matt continue to cry like a baby . matt ( to the audience , try to sound intelligible , but just cry ) Danny , do you want to say a few word ... danny yes , thank you , Matthew . he hold out the mike for Danny to take . anticipate a punch . Danny flinch , 137 matt no , I be give this to you ... danny oh , I see , ok . Danny take the mike . eliza and Jean help Matt to a bench . now , Danny , also bloody , clothes tear , look petrify . he hum a indecipherable tune . he lean on the back of a chair for support . danny you will have to bear with I as I be not a good public speaker and also I have never do it . it 's something I have go to great pain to avoid . when I use to perform music in front of a audience it be just too excruciate . the reward be just not worth the self -hatred . not to mention , unlike my brother , Matthew , I find this particular piece painful because it be during a time I be not really speak to my dad . he have leave my mother and Jean and I , get remarry to Matt 's mom whom we do not like . again , unlike Matt , I be not include in the art-make process , it be not mine too ... this piece be not call Danny . in fact , there be no Danny 's . or jeans ! jean ( o.s. ) danny ( nod ) for I , it 's a symbol of what I will never be able to do . a club I will never be admit to . but dad and I have get to spend more time together as adult and that 's be good , I think we have get closer . we have certainly watch a lot of Met game . some of you know , my dad be in a hospital in pittsfield and we do not know how it 's all go to go . we doctor 's in China and the only really good nurse get reassign to a different floor . maybe I need to believe my dad be a genius because I do not want he life to be worthless . ( more ) 138 danny ( cont 'd ) if he 's not a great artist , that mean he be just a prick . I think he 's good , though . I think he deserve more attention than he get . I think that 's true . Matt ? Matt , eye bloodshot , face splotchy , shrug . danny I wish he would have more success because it would have make he life easier . even if that kind of thing do not ultimately mean much . I do not know , l.j.? l.j. ( shrug ) I do not know either . I would tell you . if I do , danny also , I be really proud of my daughter , eliza , who be a freshman here and a really talented filmmaker . eliza 's friend whoop . eliza smile , embarrassed . danny thank you . ( awkwardly ) peace . Danny drop the mike like a rapper . black title : early and late meyerowitz text : eliza like kissing Robin the best , more than Marcus even . ext . metropolitan museum . stair . day close : eliza and Robin make out sloppily . eliza , she hair very short now , and Robin smoke on the step of the met. eliza and Robin be play a game , try to walk a thin sliver of curb while the other try to push they over . 139 int . lenox hill hospital room eliza peek around the corner . Robin behind she . eliza how be you feel ? danny ( o.s. ) hey , honey . she move over to Danny 's bedside and hug he . hi , Robin . danny robin hey . Robin hug he too , surprising Danny . Jean stand and hug eliza . a card game on a tray - table be mid-play . jean I love you hair . thanks ! eliza Robin cut it . jean I wish I have the gut to do it . do it ! now . eliza Robin will do it you think ? robin I have get scissors in my bag . eliza grab a chair . Jean sit down . eliza how 's the hip ? danny I be bionic now . that 's a reference for Jean only . eliza I know what bionic be . I do not . robin jean 140 eliza it 's a show . ( smile , to she dad ) you teach I well . jean we do not like the nurse today -danny she 's not nice . jean Kathy be more conservative with the pain medication . danny and we can not find the doctor . jean you know how it be . eliza I do . jean but spirit be high . int . lenox hill hospital room CUT to : lap top screen eliza 's new movie . she 's nude hitch-hike . she 's have sex with a creature in a field , and she have a mustache . Jean appear hold hand with a rabbit . Jean ! danny ( o.s. ) that 's you with the rabbit . jean ( o.s. ) shh , you be go to miss it . Danny watch the computer which rest on he lap in bed . Jean ( she hair short now ! ) , eliza and Robin look over he shoulder . Jean ! danny you be so good . eliza she 's get real chop ! jean I be well edit . 141 danny it 's wonderful , honey . I do not know that I have see a sex scene shot quite like that before . eliza I use deliberately very harsh , direct light . I want to appear very unattractive . danny well , that 's difficult . eliza ( smile ) you know what I mean . danny wonderful mise -en-scene . jean for my Jeopardy parody I do at my office , we just have to use the overhead fluorescent . danny your have wonderful mise - en-scene as well , Jean . thanks . jean danny and this be the best yet , eliza . eliza thanks , dad . I have make eight more since then . jean I be in five of they ! dip fade fade in : omitted i/e . maureen' house , pittsfield . day Matt get out of he rental car carry bag of chinese food . bruno bark . Maureen greet he . she wear round clear glass . maureen ( to the dog ) bruno - ( to Matt ) do you change you scent ? 142 matt I do not have a scent -- maureen maybe a new shampoo ? matt ( muss he hair ) I do not think -maureen the dad be be very stubborn . can not get he to do any of he exercise . bruno ! I matt how 's he do ? maureen the earliest appointment we can get with the neurologist be next month ... it 's a lot for I to do by myself here . she enter the house through the kitchen . Matt follow . maureen fortunately we have a little more money from the sale . James send photo of the sculpture at one of the retirement home in Arizona . they look quite stun . ( pause ) I have to say I be very surprised that you try to stop the deal after you go through all that trouble set it up ... matt I just think ... I change my mind . maureen well , it be my decision as I be the next of kin . it 's too late now . she retrieve the black vuarnet sunglass from a pile of odd and end and hand they to matt. maureen I find this in the dad 's thing . I think they be yours . matt they're Danny 's . 143 he put they in he jacket pocket . Maureen enter the dining room . there be papers strewn across the table . maureen I just have to finish this insurance form which seem to be write in a foreign language - matt Maureen , why do not you ask I , someone at my company will do that . she look up , tear fall from she eye . maureen ( emotionally ) I do not like to ask for help . matt ( softly ) let I do it , ok ? he step forward about to place he hand on she shoulder , but she quickly recover and head for the door . maureen but it 's a big day , it 's the dad 's first meal off of the feed tube . int . maureen 's house . live room Matt follow into the live room . harold be watch tv . maureen he 's watch tcm . Matt hesitates . his dad look older and wear a knit cap . there 's a weariness and frailty he carry now . hey , dad . hi . matt harold matt what be you watch ? harold I do not know . Matt sit down next to he and they watch . 144 harold in this 30 's movie the man wear tuxedo all the time . thing have get much more casual . matt maybe they dress up because they live short life back then . they want to celebrate life . later int . maureen 's house . live room Matt and Maureen sit beside harold who lie in a bed make from the pull - out couch . bruno sleep on the floor . they eat take - out chinese food . harold eat quickly , he bite large . maureen we spend three hour today at goodwill . the dad have a funny joke . harold what be that ? oh. maureen I will set you up again : we spend three hour today at goodwill . harold which pretty much destroy mine . ha . matt that 's good , dad . thank you . harold matt you should see the other dog . harold have no reaction . maureen that 's true , the dad get very impatient . and as we be hand over the box , I see that I have accidentally include my good wok . and I hesitate . but I think , I have not make chinese food in ten year . ( more ) 145 maureen ( cont 'd ) I will not make chinese food again ... but you have you idea of yourself and you want to hold onto that . harold erupt with a guttural cough . matt dad , be you ok ? yes . harold ( spitting food back on he plate ) matt take it easy . maureen we just get you out of the hospital , we do not want you to go back . harold it be very unpleasant in the hospital . uh huh . matt harold you know , I be there for a couple of month . I know . matt harold Maureen have be my savior . maureen harold , you be get brown sauce all over the sheet . harold wipe at the sheet . maureen you be just rub it in . Maureen sigh and gather the plate . maureen Matt can you help the dad get ready for he nap ? 146 matt sure . I be go to try to come visit more . it 's hard , because tony start kindergarten this year , and I want to be around for that , but ... I will try to be here more . harold l.j. be come for lunch in a couple of week , you should come for that . Maureen head into the other room . harold he leave I a very effusive message about my show . and someone write a rave on my Google . it be quite inspire of you to set that up . matt Jean and Danny organize it , dad . harold be that right ? but you make the sale . matt yeah , that be I . but , I buy a piece back from Brian and James at a significant mark up , I might add . it 's the piece from the show , '' Matthew '' because ... '' Matthew '' and we do it together . ( formal but from the heart ) thank you for let I be part of you process . it have a big effect on I , dad . you confidence be contagious . I think it 's why I be able to do what I do now . harold I remember I make '' Matthew '' in 1966 , the year the whitney buy my piece . close on Matthew . matt it could not have be 1966 . 147 harold it be , I do not work in bronze after that . matt I be not bear yet . harold ( the impact of this lose on he ) oh ... that 's right , be not it , then it could not have be you watch I , could it . maybe it be you brother . Matthew hesitates . harold I guess I want it to be you . matt you should have call it '' Danny . '' harold you be right . I should have . I be go to sleep now . can you close that shade ? ok . matt Matt rise and pull the shade . harold ( o.s. ) it 's ok if you want to sit here longer while I fall asleep . sure . matt Matt come around to he father 's bedside . his dad remove he hat and ball himself up in he sleep position like a infant . matt I love you dad . Love you . harold Matt tuck the cover up to he neck , lean down and kiss he dad on the forehead . he see , hide in he father 's hair , the scar from the surgery . 148 int . lenox hill hospital room . morning Danny open he eye . the room be empty except for Matthew who sit by he bed . he wear he trifocals and look over various financial document . danny hey , my broth -a . matt my broth - a. danny thanks for pay for this . private room be ... it 's not necessary . the matt I can get work do this way . danny how be dad ? matt I do not know , still dad . but I be sit there and I just keep have this think . this be my dad . this be my ... dad . this be the same guy as all the other time . and that think which have make I so angry also make I love he . danny I say goodbye to he so many time in my head , it 's strange , in a way , I be not prepare for he to survive . matt well , now we will know what to do the next time . the three of we have a real rhythm go ... danny I just do not want to have to speak publicly again . you know , sometimes I wish dad have do one horrible , unforgivable thing . something specific I could be angry about . but it be not one thing . it 's tiny thing every day . it 's drip , drip , drip ... 149 matt I be sorry ... I could not stop the house and the art from be sell . in the end , Maureen be determine . danny ( shrug ) I be over it . I be not . matt Matt rise and remove the vuarnet sunglass from he coat . matt I think this be you vuarnet . danny ( take they ) I think they be yours . matt ( hesitates ) maybe they be mine . danny no , I think you be right , they be mine . matt ( reach for they ) I be remember now own they . danny ( pull they away ) they look like a pair I probably have . Danny put they on . Matt regards he . matt you can have they anyway . danny can you help I walk ? the nurse be suppose to be here to do it , but I get antsy . Matt help Danny climb out of the bed . matt I love eliza 's new movie . danny it 's good , right . matt you have do a great job with she . 150 danny thanks . you know , I be glad she like you so much ... Danny hold Matt 's arm as he slowly walk . matt hey , when you get out , do you want to come to LA ? danny oh...hmm ... I love Los Angeles . I have not be there , but I love it . matt you could stay with I , see what you think . you know , the weather be nice , I could get you a ticket and in a couple of week - danny I do not know , I think I should stay and help Maureen with dad . I have sympathy for she but I do not trust she . matt well , if you change you mind ... they continue into the hospital hallway . int . lenox hill hospital hallway matt I be go to stay here longer , but I think I should leave tonight and get back to tony because ... I want to be a dad like you . danny yeah , go be with you boy . ( pause ) thanks for ... you know , take care of I . matt ( shrug , smile ) it 's what you do . dip fade fade in : 151 int . maureen' kitchen / live room , pittsfield . day harold sit , partially slump , at the breakfast table . harold Maureen go into town for grocery a few hour ago ... Danny place a plate of blueberry pancake in front of he . he walk with a cane . danny the famous blueberry pancake . Danny do the flourish . harold I do not know what she could be do ... danny how 's she drink ? harold I have make she a deal , I say , we would put in a pool if she stop drink . danny ( unsure ) uh huh . harold you know , since the bard show , Matthew have personally invest in a a piece of mine . danny you should have see Matt , dad , when you be sick . he be there the whole time , he really whipped we into shape . harold get up and walk into the live room . male nurse 's aide who be clean up . harold I think you and Jean should look into get I a solo show . that would really put I back on the map . they pass a 152 danny you know , we be all there the whole time . harold sit on the couch and press the remote . harold ( ignore he ) every time I turn on tcm , it 's meet I in Saint Louis . what 's on the premium channel ? danny it be rough there for a minute , we think we might lose you . harold there 's something call sex tape on starz . do you know anything about that ? danny ( give up ) not really . harold shall we give it a try ? he place down the remote and settles in . harold Maureen be leave for Cuba on Monday . I think you could stay with I while she 's away . danny you know , Matt invite I to LA . harold I be still recover . could use the help . I really danny have you ever be to LA ? harold you be still recover too . and , you know , we have get the premium channel now . we get the knick . danny I know . I live here while you be in the hospital . ( more ) 153 danny ( cont 'd ) ( help with a pillow ) you will have a nurse with you -harold you know , I really need you to stay with I . I be ask you to do this , please . you know I do not like ask for thing . I need you , Danny . ok . danny ( hesitates ) harold I think there be still some of Jean 's cookie in the kitchen if you take a look - Danny go into the kitchen . the male nurse 's aide be do dish . Danny nod at he . harold ( o.s. ) I will take you to lunch one day this week at babalouy which be the best pizza in the berkshire . maybe the best pizza period . danny ok , thanks . he pick up the plate of cookie - harold ( o.s. ) pick a day . except for next Saturday , l.j. be come up for lunch , so you will need to find something to do , but you can go to a movie or , I think there 's bowl . Danny throw the plate of cookie onto the ground , startling everybody include himself . danny ( to the nurse 's aide ) sorry . Danny ! harold what be you do ? Danny stand in the doorway . danny sorry , dad , I do not think that would be so loud . 154 harold see if you can rescue some of the cookie from the porcelain . danny I be leave now , dad . I be go to drive back to the city - ( again to the aide ) you will be here , right ? yes . nurse's aide danny I will clean this up , do not worry . ( back to he dad ) and then I be go to LA to see Matthew . ( and to himself ) " I love you . " " I forgive you . " " forgive I . " " thank you . " " Goodbye . " dip fade the sound of horn and construction . fade in : omitted int . town car . day Danny grab a handful of complimentary gum from a tray and put it in he pocket . danny the flight leave at 4:30 , you think we will be ok ? driver yes , traffic look fine . and you be business class , so check - in be quick . danny I have never fly business class . I have never do business . my brother have mile . he remove the vuarnet sunglass from he pocket and put they on . he gaze out the window . Loretta , in a sweater and jeans , walk briskly down the street , hold herself against the cold . 155 danny ( suddenly ) can you stop the car ! ext . manhattan STREET Loretta continue walk . Loretta ! danny ( o.s. ) Loretta 's mouth widen into a big smile . Danny emerge from the town car wear he big vuarnet sunglass and hold a cane . loretta Danny ! ( they hug ) I be consulting for a client around the corner and I just run out for a tea without my coat ! what be you do in stuy town ? danny just go for a ride with my chauffeur . no , I be kid ... um , I be on my way out to the coast . the coast ? loretta danny ( embarrassed ) Los Angeles . loretta Los Angeles , really ? danny yeah , thus the town car . Matthew get it for I . I usually take the a train . ( remove the glass and indicate the car ) this be not representative of where I be in my life . Loretta laugh and touch he arm affectionately . danny I be go to stay with Matthew for a while ... loretta oh , that sound nice , get out of this weather . 156 danny yeah ... I do not know . weather . I like loretta I know , I too , I do not know why I say that . ( pause ) what 's this cane ? danny oh ... it 's this affectation , I be try ... no , no ... new hip . loretta oh wow , Dan . be you ok ? danny yeah ... better . I do my best to ignore it , but the hip win out . loretta ( realize ) oh my God , how 's you dad ? danny he 's ok . he 's out of the hospital . loretta that 's great . my dad be worried . danny yeah ...he 's better ... health - wise , otherwise ... the same . loretta sometimes they be just the same , be not they ? danny yeah . he 's still wait for he life to begin . loretta oh no , but he 's do so well , do not you think ? danny ( honestly ) I do not know , have he ? 157 loretta he have . he teach for all that year at bard -- I use to love hearing he talk about art , he make good work , he kid be great ... it 's a shame he can not feel that way . close on Danny . danny ( realize ) yeah . ( suddenly ) there 's so much I believe without know I believe it . they both smile silently . loretta I guess it do not matter if you parent be alive or dead , we be still try to change the end , be not we ? but you look different , Dan . I can not put my finger on it . and it 's not just the limo . danny l.j. mention you be see a screenwriter - loretta oh yeah ... that do not take . you know , after my divorce , I do not know what I be do . I be single now . danny ( abruptly ) I will not be leave New York for good . I will be back . loretta that 's what everyone say when they go to LA and then it 's twenty year later . danny see you in twenty year . ha . loretta 158 danny no , I have to come back for eliza 's freshman film festival anyway in a month . loretta can I come ? danny yeah , it 's at bard . loretta I would love to come . danny it 's , uh , not un - pornographic , I be warning you . loretta I be in the art -world , I have see it all . danny she 's really talented , I think . you know , I think she 's get something ... loretta I be sure she do . talented family . it 's a danny I be tell ya . loretta well , that 's something to look forward to , be not it ? i/e. whitney museum . day eliza and Robin shove one another playfully and make they way inside . int . whitney museum . deep storage a art handler , hold a slip of paper , lead eliza and Robin down a long , cramped , crowded hall of painting and sculpture pack away and store on various level . we pass by many label , with many famous name . they arrive at a crate . kneel down to see : a fade label on the side . close : harold meyerowitz : abstraction # 7 , 1966 eliza 159 eliza this be he . robin ( o.s. ) that 's so cool . eliza nod . fade to black .