" the ladykillers " screenplay by Joel coen and ethan coen base on the 1955 movie " the ladykiller " by William Rose ext . MISSISSIPPI river - day a boat specifically , a garbage scow . we see it from on high , chugge down the placid but mighty Mississippi . head credit play over coverage of the garbage scow . no sound , except for a incongruously heroic score . the coverage be a little rough , coarse - grain ; along with the overbearing score it almost suggest a industrial film rather than a feature . one piece of sound -- the toot of the boat 's horn -- be obviously library . and not a new library either . the garbage scow pass under a bridge span the broad , sluggish water , and proceed on to its landfill , a steaming river island . disturb gull and other scavenger bird rise from where they be pick through trash . they squawk , like the boat horn , be not quite believable as sync . the head credit end as the anthemic music resolve . ext . saucier , MISSISSIPPI - day a old hound dog lie on the weather - gray and - roughen planking of a front porch . the porch be half - shade from the noonday sun . it be quiet except for the chirr of heat bug , close by , and , very distant , many voice in chorus , engage in divine worship in a Baptist church sufficiently far away that vagary of breeze fan they in and out of audibility . we once again hear the toot of the scow 's horn , distant now and play as real , not slapdash effect . at this , the dog lift he nose to catch the breeze , sniff , and then , whining , lower he head to the floor and cover he snout with he forepaw . he huff briefly and go to sleep . we drift up to show that the dog be sleep before the saucier worm store you source for worm , lure , etcetera , etcetera ... we TRAVEL over to reveal that the modest one - story structure house two establishment ; its other front door lead to the saucier municipal build . a campaign sign in the window on the municipal side show a black man of late middle - age beam and give the viewer a thumb - up : re-elect wayne wyner sheriff / he be too Old to go to work . int . saucier municipal build - day we hear snore on top of a low , steady hiss sound . we be drifting toward the door of the lock - up , which stand open . the small cell be empty , its bed neatly make . a key we be arcing slowly around a jailer 's key on a ring that hang from a nail . the offscreen snore and whirring continue . the track shifting angle now make the light catch a spider web spun between the key and the wall . police scanner we drift across the face of the radio . the peaceful steady hiss jump in louder at the CUT : it be uninterrupted : a transmissionless , crimeless , misdemeanorless idle radio hiss . the snore be also louder here . as we TRAVEL off the radio we be coming onto a pair of foot propped up on the desktop . they belong to sheriff wyner , tip back in he chair , finger lace on he chest , head lolling forward . as the moving camera finally end on he , there be the ring of a telephone -- muffle , not present . it nevertheless rouse the sheriff who almost strangle on a snore as he awake , and then rock forward to pick up he phone . sheriff wyner sheriff wyner ... the muffle ringing continue ; the sheriff look , puzzle , at the phone . now the ringing stop and we hear a muffle voice next door : voice ( o.s. ) worm . the sheriff replace the phone , lean back again , adjust he hat , and be about to go back to sleep when we hear the front door open . the sheriff look and react with genuine , if momentary , fear . he manage to compose himself and give the intruder a smile : sheriff wyner afternoon , miz munson . enter be a elderly black woman in a floral print dress and fruite bonnet . mrs . munson afternoon , sheriff . you know the funthes boy ? sheriff wyner ... mackatee funthes ? mrs . munson no no , weemack ! mackatee 's eldest ! sheriff wyner oh yeah , believe I do . mrs . munson well , he 's a good boy but he do go down to the costco in pascagoula and get hisself a blastah -- and he be playin ' that music ! wyner be not sure where this be go : sheriff wyner uh-huh ... mrs . munson loud ! sheriff wyner well -- mrs . munson " Left my wallet in El segundo ! " sheriff wyner he -- mrs . munson song like that ! sheriff wyner uh-huh ... mrs . munson hippity - hop music ! sheriff wyner I could -- mrs . munson you know they call it hippity - hop music , but it do not make I wanna go hippity - hop ! sheriff wyner no mar 'am -- mrs . munson and othar do not like that music neither ! sheriff wyner now display a exaggerated solicitousness : sheriff wyner it 's be disturbin ' othar then , have it ? mrs . munson how could it help but do ! that kind of music ! you know what they call color folk in they song ? have you get any idea ? sheriff wyner I do not think I - - mrs . munson niggaz ! I do not wanna say the word . I will not say it twice , I will tell you that . I say it one time . sheriff wyner yes mar 'am . mrs . munson in the course a swearin ' out my complaint . sheriff wyner yes be -- mrs . munson niggaz ! two thousand year after Jesus ! thirty year after Martin luther King ! the age of montel ! sweet lord a-mercy , izzat where we at ? sheriff wyner mm-mm -- mrs . munson weemack down to pascagoula buyin ' a big thumpy stereo player ?! so he can listen to that word in the house next to mine ? sheriff , you gotta help that boy ! sheriff wyner help he ? mrs . munson you gotta take a innarest ! extend that helpin ' hand ! sheriff wyner ( dubious ) well , we be here to help ... mrs . munson well God bless ya . do not wanna be try and find wantin' . sheriff wyner no mar 'am . mrs . munson many many tunkalow parzen , sheriff wyner . many many tunkalow parzen ! sheriff wyner many what mar 'am ? mrs . munson you have be try and find want . do not want that writin ' on the wall ! sheriff wyner no mar 'am -- mrs . munson feast a balthazar ! sheriff wyner mm-hm . mrs . munson John the Apostle say : behold there be a stranger in we midst , come to destroy we ! sheriff wyner yes mar 'am . ext . saucier municipal build - day Mrs. munson close the door behind she . she wag a paper fan and mutter : mrs . munson he 's a good man . just need instruction . Dog , you in people ' way . the dog stir with a whine and amble off . ext . munson house - day with a neatly tend garden . it be the last house on a street of other similarly modest but well maintain home ; beyond it the street disappear down a bluff . the empty space beyond suggest a wide river , and indeed we can see the top of a anchore , gaudily paint paddle - boat poke over the rise . the paddle - boat be apparently anchore at the near bank of the river . Mrs. munson be enter by the gate . she stop in the garden and stoops to pull a tiny weed marring the otherwise perfect row of flower . I /e. munson house - foyer - day Mrs. munson let herself in . a cat lope up to she , the bell around its neck tinkling , and lean mew into she leg . mrs . munson you need something ' to eat , angel ? int . munson house - kitchen - day Mrs. munson hand - crank a can opener around a tin of cat food . mrs . munson mm ... gizzard ... the cat pace back and forth between she leg , lean into they and purring , respond to the snap of tin as the cover come off the can . the can contain cube process gizzard in a gelatinous medium like the stuff that cling to gefilte fish . int . munson house - live room - night above the fireplace be a oil portrait of a serious - look black man of late middle - age with a neatly groom mustache start to gray . a couple of candle sit on the mantel below the portrait , give it the semblance of a shrine . Mrs. munson enter and light the candle . mrs . munson othar , I go and complain about weemack , I hope it will do some good . that boy hangin ' by a thread ! over the pit ! fiery pit ! " I Left my wallet in El segundo " ! she shake out the match and sit in a rocker and take up she knitting . as she sit she give a audible groan . mrs . munson ... sixty - seven year of life , forty - six year of marriage , you mean to tell I you never one time suffer from pile ? it 's the human condition , most human anyway . like that ball player say : world 's get two kind of folk -- they that 's get pile and they that 's gonna get them . but you be always healthy as a ox ... there be the distant moan of a riverboat horn . mrs . munson ... pass on before you get pile . mmmmhmm . thank the Lord you be not sick . you do not wanna sicken and die . no , you wanna pass nice and peaceful ... go to sleep one night , wake up in the glory land ... woof ... a gust of wind hum under the eave ; the candle below the portrait flicker . as Mrs. munson look around the room , vaguely towards the ceiling , sense a negative aura , the cat arch its back and hiss . at this moment the doorbell ring . mrs . munson ... well who 's that now , pickle ? she grunt as she hoist herself out of the chair . I /e. munson house - foyer - night she open the door -- a draft -- int . munson house - live room - night the candle below the portrait of othar go out , send up thin wisp of smoke . I /e. munson house - foyer - night the cat shriek and bolt out the door , past the man on the stoop : goldthwait higginson dorr , III . he be a middle - age Southern gentleman wear a panama hat and a cape over a cream -color suit . he have dark circle under he eye . the smile he attempt , mournful yet courtly , be wipe away by : mrs . munson pickle ! dorr ma'am ? mrs . munson go get 'im ! dorr I do beg you pardon ? mrs . munson go get pickle , I do not let ' im out ! dorr ( taste the name ) pickle ... ext . munson house - night dorr walk down the stoop follow by the old lady . mrs . munson oh , he 's up the tree again . you gonna have to shimmy on up . dorr I be so terribly sorry , madam . but will not the feline eventually tire of he lonely perch and , pine for he master 's affection , return on he own initiative ? mrs . munson huh ? no , he will not come down less you fetch he . he would set there till Gabriel blow he horn if someone do not shimmy up . up with you now ! dorr well then could not we perhaps offer he kitty treat and enticement , or if not foodstuff perhaps squeaky little toy of the kind formerly manufacture in Hong Kong but now produce in the other so-called " Little Tigers " ... his finger form the quote . dorr ...of the Pacific rim ? the point bein ' , do we have to actually ascend the tree -- mrs . munson look , I do not want no doubletalk . if you be not gonna fetch he down I guess I gotta call the po-lice ... dorr Police ... his face darken . mrs . munson they be not gonna be happy . every time they come fetch he down they swear they will not do it no more ... dorr cast he hat aside and start awkwardly climb the tree . he gasp as he climb : dorr no need to call the authority . I do this often as a youth -- why , I be a positive lemur ... here , kitty ... the cat back away down a branch , arching its back and hiss . mrs . munson do not upset he , now ! dorr , on he stomach , inch after the cat , grunt : dorr I would not dream of it ... harmless little felix domesticus ... come to g.h ... the branch break , hing down to slam dorr face - first into the trunk , from where he drop the rest of the way to the ground . int . munson house - live room - night othar 's portrait , upside - down , seem to be look bemusedly down on we . a objective angle show dorr lie on the couch , a damp washcloth on he forehead , eye roll back to look at the picture . Mrs. munson be enter with a cup of tea . dorr swing he foot out to sit up and accept the tea . dorr I thank you , madam , for you act of kindness . mrs . munson well you let he out . dorr I certainly do and I do apologize no end . allow I to present myself , uh , formally : goldthwait higginson dorr , Ph.D. mrs . munson what , like elmer ? dorr beg you pardon , mar 'am ? mrs . munson fudd ? dorr no no , Ph.D. be a mark of academic attainment . it be a degree of higher learn bestow , in my case , in recognition of my mastery of the antique language of Latin and Greek . I also hold a number of other advanced degree include the baccalaureate from a school in Paris , France , call the sorbonne . munson chuckle . mrs . munson sore bone , well I guess that 's appropriate . you ever study at Bob Jones University ? dorr I have not have that privilege . mrs . munson it 's a bible school , only the finest in the country . I send they five dollar every month . dorr that 's very gener -- mrs . munson I be on they mailing list . I be a angel . dorr indeed . mrs . munson they list my name in the newsletter , every issue . I get the literature here , you wanna examine it . dorr perhaps when my head have recover from its ... buffete . Mrs. munson , be you at all curious as to why I darken you door , as the expression have it , on this lovely camelia-scented morn ? mrs . munson I be wonder , till you let pickle out . then in all the excitement -- dorr I quite understand . the fact be that I see the sign on you window advertising a room to let , and it be the only such sign among the house of this charming , charming street . mrs . munson yeah , I get a room . I be lookin ' for a quiet tenant . Fifteen dollar a week dorr I quite understand . madam , you be address a man who be quiet -- and yet not quiet , if I may offer a riddle ... he set down the teacup and rise . dorr ... perhaps you can show I the room , Mrs. munson , and allow I to explain . mrs . munson well you can see the room , but I do not like double - talk . Mrs. munson precede he ... int . munson house - staircase - night ...up the stair . dorr you see , madam , I be currently on sabbatical from the institution where I teach -- the University of Mississippi at hattiesburg . I be take a year off to indulge my passion -- I do not believe that be too strong a word -- for the music of the Renaissance . I perform in -- and have the honor of direct -- a period instrument ensemble that perform at Renaissance fair and other cultural fora ... int . munson house - dorry bedroom - night they enter a small bedroom . there be a small bed on a brass frame , a chair , a wash basin , and cheerful yellow chintz drape on the window . dorr appreciatively take it in . dorr ... thoo - out central and southern Mississippi . we perform on the instrument for which the music be originally compose , in the belief that ... that ... why , this be lovely ... mrs . munson wait a minute . you get some kind of band ? dorr once again wiggle quote with he finger : dorr the word " band " would be , in this context , something of a anachronism . though we do play together -- hence the word " ensemble " -- the nature of the music be such that one would hesitate to apply the epithet " band " with its connotation of jangling rhythm and ear-popping amplification . mrs . munson so you do not play hippity - hop , " I Left my wallet in El segundo , " song with the title spelt all funny ? dorr madam , I shudder . I quake . the revulsion I feel for modern popular music , and all other manifestation of contemporary decay , be , I have no doubt , the equal of y'own . why , we play music that be compose to the great glory of god. devotional music . Church music . mrs . munson Gospel music ? dorr well - inspire by the gospel , certainly . the vintage , of course , be no more recent than the rococo . mrs . munson rococo , huh ? well , I guess that would be okay . dorr but I certainly do not propose to inflict we rehearsals on you . May I enquire -- do you have a root cellar ? int . munson house - cellar - night dorr duck while descend the steep , narrow stair in order to avoid a overhead beam . he be follow by Mrs. munson . dorr yes , yes , yes , this look promise ... he pull on a hang string to light a bare bulb overhead . mrs . munson Little dank , be not it ? dorr oh , indeed , but that only improve the acoustic ... he experimentally clap he hand . dorr ... marvelous . this earthen wall be ideal for baffling the higher register of the , uh , lute and , uh , sackbutt . that 's why so much music of the cinquecento be play in crypt and catacomb . yes , this will do nicely ... he dry -wash he hand with enthusiasm , but he tone remain mournful . dorr ... this be perfect . this be more than perfect . I can scarcely contain my glee . mrs . munson you contain it okay . he start to peel cash out of a large , well - wear billfold : dorr allow I to pay you a week in advance . allow I to pay you two week in advance . allow I to pay you a month in advance . I can not countenance the think of this charming apartment be tenanted by someone unappreciative of they special je not sais quoi . mrs . munson that would be a shame . int . casino - day tracking on a garbage cart on the cart be a boombox . it be play " I Left my wallet in El segundo . " it be be push through a casino empty of customer . as the cart stop and a wastebasket be emptied into it : voice ( v.o. ) you gotta peel this shit out stick to the bottom . wider show two youngish black man in the khaki uniform of custodian . empty the wastebasket be weemack -mackatee funthes . he be instruct gawain macsam . weemack ... you would not believe this shit , sometimes even out here on the casino floor you gonna find sanitary napkin shit stick there , tuck , I do not know what the fuck people do while they be gambling here man . gawain I be not peelin ' funky shit with my human hand , man . that 's a prescription for disease and viruse and shit , attackin ' y'inside . as they roll on we see more of the gambling floor , which be on something less than the scale of a Las Vegas casino . the floor be not yet open and dealer stack and count chip at the table , pit boss with clipboard look over they shoulder . other dealer strap on visor and sleeve garter , prepare to work . weemack you gotta do it . Mr. gudge check everything . man be a motherfuck . shit -- looka this . after a furtive look around he pluck a chip from the next wastebasket and slip it in he pocket . weemack ... you keep a eye out , man . I find a hundred - dollar chip once . gawain fuck that , man . I be not pawin ' through use tuck for a fi ' dollar chip . weemack I say it be a hundred . gawain man , you gut gonna turn to soup and leak outcha fuckin ' asshole . service hall the cart jitter loudly on the dimple plastic floor . weemack this tunnel lead back onto land . to the office for all the people work for mannex . mannex Corporation . own the Lady luck and three other boat ... int . casino - service hall - day the two man be enter a windowless fluorescent - light office area . a row of wooden office door and one heavy steel door . weemack ... this be where they think on they corporate shit , gudge and they . he stop to empty a wastebasket . weemack ... the light be ugly but it be not as many tuck . he bang on the steel door : weemack ... yo , motherfuck ! lemme in ! muffled voice ( o.s. ) what 's the password ? weemack kiss my ass . we hear a deep chuckle and the door , steel reinforce , swing open . int . casino - counting room - day the two man enter , weemack nodd at the security man ( elron ) . weemack this be where they count the dough . you try to take any of it elron there shoot you ass . again the security man chuckle . weemack pick up some fast - food wrapper . weemack ... this place be a fuckin ' pigsty . you a pig , man , nothin ' but a squeaky ol ' motherfuckin ' pig ... elron chuckle . he be a enormously fat man ; he chuckle come from deep , deep in he chest . weemack ... you get fuckin' kocoa krispy in ya uniform man , still get breakfast there and you eatin ' motherfuckin ' lunch . elron use one hand to swipe crumb off he uniform shirt , chuckle . weemack ... you a disgrace before motherfuckin ' God ... elron chuckle . weemack ... you a motherfuck - - oh , hello Mr. gudge , how we be this mornin ' ? a man in a buttone white shirt nod at he . gudge funthes . how 's the new man ? weemack he be a clean motherfucker , man ! gudge be that a fact . int . soundstage - smoking field set - day high angle it be a ruin of a field ; char tree point bare and gnarled limb toward a gray sky ; smoke drift across the desolate waste . something be bound towards we from the deep background . we boom down as it approach : a bulldog , run avidly toward we on its stumpy little leg . a offscreen male voice ( clark pancake ) : pancake ( o.s. ) one , Mountain ! there be a explosion that shower dirt in front of the dog and make it veer . something strapped around the dog 's neck bounce as he run . pancake ... scrub two ! scrub three ! four , Mountain ! another explosion make the dog veer back so that it once again bear on we . the thing that have be bounce around its neck fly off . we continuing boom down have bring we to ground level just as the dog arrive in front of we to feed at a dog food bowl in the foreground . the yellow plastic bowl have a k -ration logo face we . we hear another offscreen voice ( director ) : director ( o.s. ) cut , goddamnit . his canteen fall off . the director 's foot enter in the foreground . he hook the dog belly with one foot and hoist it roughly away from the bowl . we CUT up to : the director . he scowl down at the animal . director ... props ! a man in a hemingway field - jacket with multiple pocket , and also a load utility belt , trot up toward he , he belt jangling as he run . this be clark pancake . pancake be a florid beer - belly man in he late fifty . he have a full blond - grey Grizzly Adams beard and wear multi - pockete short that form a ensemble with he hemingway jacket . the director be angry . director ... the goddamn thing 's canteen fall off . it would have be a good take . pancake be unperturb . pancake okay . okay . we be prepare for that ... he hit a button on the radio on he belt and talk into he headset : pancake ... Mountain , bring otto with the apparatus . pulling another bulldog he strain at he lead , muscle forward as quickly as he minder and he own stumpy little leg will allow . he peer through the two goggly eyehole of a antique leather gas mask , its pignose breathe apparatus cover he own snout . his phlegmy breathe be amplify by the device . we tilt up the lead to show he minder , mountain girl . she be a solid woman in she late forty with freckle beginning to merge into age spot . her long straw - color hair be tightly braid into heidi pigtail bound with red ribbon . otherwise she dress be unadorn . the director squint at the dog . director what the hell be this ? pancake 's manner be professorial : pancake World War I vintage gas mask . it 's authentic . strapped on , of course , so it can not fall off . the animal be free to be as active as he want , do not inhibit he movement , and I think it really sell the whole doughboy thing -- director it look like a fuck joke . pancake stare at the director for a moment and , though not do anything , make a sound of concentrate effort : pancake ... nnnnrnff ! the director squint at he : director what ? pancake come out of he trance , or whatever it be : pancake no , nothing , uh ... you be absolutely right , the gas mask be a whimsical concept -- director how the hell do it eat when it get to the kennel ration ? the dog look up from person to person as each speak , twist its neck to peer through the eyehole . its breathe be grow louder . pancake well , you be absolutely right '' - director do not let the client see this . pancake of course not , that would be inappropriate -- director or the humane fucker . pancake no no -- the dog get down on its knee , slowly , like a camel , breathe ever more loudly . director they will shut the fuck spot down , pancake . put the goddamn canteen back on . that say he 's a soldier . dent tin canteen . just tie the damn thing to he collar . the dog flop over into the mud . pancake easiest thing in the world . I just think -- but the canteen be much better . good concept . let 's go with that -- director what 's he do ? the dog have start to convulse . pancake well , he 's uh ... just breathe normally , otto . director the fuck dog can not breathe . pancake oh , he can breathe , that thing be -- just breathe normally , otto . the dog 's breath be rasp and horrible . director the fuck dog cannot breathe ! get that fuck thing off he ! pancake of course . easiest thing in the world . he stoops and fiddle at the strap . pancake ... it 's on good and tight , I , uh ... just breathe normally , otto . he start thumping at he pocket . director get the fuck thing off he ! pancake do not have my leatherman . Mountain ! give I you leatherman ! chop chop ! director get the fuck thing off he ! chitra , make sure the humane fucker do not come over here ! bring he to craft service ! as he make to scoop up the dog : pancake good idea ! Ice water , treat - '' director not the dog , you idiot ! the humane fucker ! distract he ! pancake right ! of course ! he go back to work on the mask . director oh my god , he 's bleed ! pancake no , that 's I -- I -- the leatherman ... here we go . his hand gout blood , he finally manage to get the gas mask off . a crowd be start to gather and gape . the director bark at a grip : director put up a couple solid here -- I do not want the client see this ! pancake thump on the inert dog 's chest . pancake come on , otto ! director otto be fuck dead ! pancake Mountain , have electric run I a stinger ! do not give up on I , otto ! Mountain , I need two live lead ! more people crowd in to look . mountain girl Clark , the gennie 's a hundred yard away ! pancake goddamnit ! otto 's gonna have brain damage in about ninety second ! okay ! he pull the dog 's lip back , expose its tooth and slobber tongue . pancake ... kiss of life ! he suck in a deep breath and start mouth - to- mouth the beast . ext . football field - day Pov we be look out from inside a football helmet ; we hear the super - present breathe of the helmet 's occupant . just over the breathe we can hear the muffle shouting of a snap count . we be in a crouch position look downfield . at the call of " hike ! " we and everyone on the field spring into action . we sprint downfield , the breathe become even louder . a very big person downfield be sprinting toward we . after several yard , still on the move , we pan quickly around to look back for the quarterback . barely visible among converge body , he be release the football toward someone else . ease up on the run we pan back around to look downfield just as the oncoming defender be upon we and -- crunch -- slam into we . a strobing pan leave we look up at the sky . we loud breathe have stop . after a long beat the breathe resume with a raggedy labor inhale . it continue irregularly . another helmete player appear above we to peer down into we helmet . he extend a hand to help we up . huddle we be look back and forth around the circle at we gather teammate . quarterback Delta thirty -seven . on four ! all , with a simultaneous hand clap : team huh ! line of scrimmage line up opposite we be a snarling defender . once again , over loud breathe , we can just hear the shout count . at " hike ! " we straighten to meet the defensive lineman lung at we . his mouthpiece clatter against ours and in horrific close - up he strain against we , he animal gurgle of effort audible over we own rag breath . with a primal roar from the defenseman we Pov tip back and up , booming down to stop with a crunch against the ground , stare up . once again we breathe have stop . after a beat a foot be plant on we helmet as a loom run back step on we in he charge downfield . he be pursue by defender some of whom leap over we and some of whom by the sound of it step on various body part . huddle the same back - and -forth pan . quarterback okay , epsilon twenty - two ! you the man !... hey ! butthead ! this bring we wander attention panning back to the quarterback : quarterback you the man ! a very , very present voice ( hudson ) : hudson ( o.s. ) I the man ? team huh ! line of scrimmage the same breathe and count . on " hike ! " we sprint downfield . the same distant defender sprinting toward we . we hear low but very present a dismay : hudson ( o.s. ) unh ... oh no ... we breathe be tear by rasp wheeze of effort as we continue to run . we look back . every player be look directly at we . a huge spiralling football come at we -- too close , too soon -- and -- bonk ! it bounce off we mouth guard and fly up . hudson ( o.s. ) ... shit ... we be look forward just as crunch ! we be hit by the defender . we once again land face -up . very steeply foreshortened , right over we , we see the defender juggling the live ball . with a moan , we own hand reach weakly up towards the ball and the high , distant defender . he finally gather in the ball and securely tuck it , and start back upfield . we climb wearily to we foot . we look back upfield just in time to see the defender start a elaborate victory dance in the end zone . he pause for a moment to point a glove hand directly at we , then resume he strut . shout from the sideline bring we panning attention over . the coach , face twisted with fury , be shouting at we and use he clipboard to wave we off the field . we trot toward the sideline . all of we teammate stare at we –- some in shock , some in anger , some in pity . at the sideline bench we Pov swing round as we seat ourself . a hand reach up to the mouth guard to pull off the helmet and we match CUT to : we first objective shot as the player ( hudson ) finish pull off he helmet . he be a big blond boy . his entire body , include he face , be solidly build . a offscreen Voice : coach ( o.s. ) Hudson ! the boy , Hudson , turn to look , and we cut to one last Pov the coach be stride up , swinging he clipboard at the camera : with a loud crunch ! it bring on : black ext . mini - mall / hi - ho donut - day high angle it be a typical sunbake concrete strip mall with a Seven - eleven , a launderette , and a hi-ho donut . the hi- Ho donut sign show a pink donut with sprinkle and say in much smaller lettering : and croissant . a beat - up impala pull into the lot , pulsing hip - hop music . after a long rumbling idle the ignition be kill . both front door open . two black kide get out and look around with a manner that be if anything too casual . int . hi - ho donut - day there be faint muzak and loud air-conditioner hum . Glass case display donut identify as glaze , jelly , and fancies . fancy ooze yellow goo . the jelly on the jelly donut be develop a crust of age . the glaze also look moth -eaten . one customer , a dishevel older man , sit at one of the little formica table stare into a coffee cup . next to the coffee be a brown paper bag from which a straw protrude . behind the counter be a middle - age vietnamese woman in a neat white blouse . the two youth enter pull out enormous handgun from underneath they windbreaker . youth # 1 all right Dragon Lady , give we all the fuckin ' money ! the woman stare blankly . youth # 1 we want that do nut money ! vietnamese woman yao gin nyap ! a man appear from the kitchen in back . he be a middle - age vietnamese gentleman in a crisply press khaki leisure suit . a ascot be knotted at he neck . he wear aviator eyeglass . in he mouth smolder a half - burn - down filterless cigarette . this , we shall learn later , be the general . youth # 2 okay papa-san , we want that do nut money . youth # 1 and we be not fuckin ' around , Mr. hi- ho. vietnamese woman hi-ho . the two youth look at she briefly . nothing else be forthcoming . the drunk look up from he paper bag . youth # 2 look , this fuckin ' thing , it be not complicated . you give we all the fuckin money , you do not get shot in the head , you make more donut , get more money . that 's how it work , see ? the General stare at he . as with he wife , none of it seem to register ; unlike he wife , he seem unperturb . youth # 1 give we the money ! he be point the gun directly at the General 's head . youth # 1 ... you get three fuckin ' second . you understand one-two -three ? I be gonna count one - two - three and then shoot . okay ? Three sec– - huh ! the General have swing he fist up to hook two finger inside the youth 's nostril . his gun clatter to the floor . the finger be way , way up he nose . only one knuckle show on each finger . the youth be stare cross -ey at he own nose . his friend be also stupefy . youth # 1 ( very nasal ) his finger be way the fuck up my nose . youth # 2 get ... ya fingas ... out ... the man be ... nose ! the General still impassively suck on he cigarette . the first youth be on the verge of tear : youth # 1 I think they be in my brain , man ... youth # 2 motherfuck ! he raise he gun to start fire . as he do so the General use he hook -hold on the other youth 's nose to slam he head backwards , down into some fancy . the door open and a customer walk in , a semi-elderly lady with a cane . youth # 2 , eye roll , wildly swing to cover the door , then back to the General who have he friend 's head press into the fancy , then uncertainly over to the vietnamese woman who be loudly yell at he in vietnamese . cigarette still dangle from he lower lip , the General calmly pluck a pot of coffee from the coffee warmer and toss it into youth # 2 's face . youth # 2 scream . ext . hi - ho donut - day high angle the car be still pulsing hip -hop music . youth # 2 stumble out of the hi- Ho , hand cover he face and sink to he knee . int . hi - ho donut - day the General now have the first youth 's face press into the fancy from behind . without disturbing he smoking , the General repeatedly kick the youth in the ass . his wife , mutter irritably in vietnamese , be wheeling a water bucket and mop to where the floor be cover with coffee . int . church - day at the CUT many voice be swell in a song of worship . it be a black Baptist church , and the music have great energy . the white - robe choir finish sing ; a preacher take the podium . preacher I know you all remember that when mose come down the mountain , carry the word a God , come down that sinai peak , he catch that israelite red - hand . what he catch them doin ' ? he catch them worshipp a golden calf . shout of " that 's right ! " preacher ... he catch them with they back turn on God ! more shout of " that 's right ! " preacher ... he catch them worshipp a false God ! a God of earthly thing ! he catch they israelite in decline ! " he catch them ! " preacher ... because backslidin ' be decline , brother and sister ! you hear talk this day , and I know you have hear this talk , you hear talk of decline , well all that mean be we do turn we back on God ! " that 's right ! " preacher ... people say civilization doin ' this , civilization doin ' that , civilization in decline ! well it be not no civilization ! it be not no they ! it 's US , brother and sister ! " amen ! " we be tracking among the congregant , disproportionately woman , mostly of middle age and elderly , mostly wear elaborate go - to- church hat . preacher ... it 's what 's in we heart , each and every one of we when we like they israelite ! slidin ' awa -a- a - ay down that godly slope , slippin ' and slidin ' toward the mire and muck a the stinkhole of greed -- that 's decline ! " that 's decline ! " the continuing track bring we onto Mrs. munson , wear , like most of she peer , a oversize hat ; hers be adorn with a great deal of plastic fruit . preacher ... and what do mose do when he see that declinin ' backslidin ' never - mindin ' sinner ? " what he do ? " preacher ... mose smote that sinner in he wrath yes he do ! " yes he do ! " preacher ... y 'all know what smote be ! I smite ! you smite ! he smite ! we do smote ! " that 's right ! " preacher ... to smite be to go upside the head ! " uh-huh ! " preacher ... because sometimes , brother and sister , that be the only way ! " yes it be ! " preacher ... to smite be to remind ! we get to stop that decline ! and scramble back up to the face a the almighty gyod ! " amen ! " preacher ...' stead a worshippin ' that golden calf , that earthly trash on that garbage island ! that garbage island in that shadowland way outside the Kingdom a God ! " Way outside ! " preacher ... that garbage island where scavenger bird feast on the bone a the backslidin ' damned ! " yes they do ! " preacher ... and so , let we pray ... ext . church - day it be a white clapboard country church . the preacher stand at the door chat with the congregant filing out . woman # 1 you preach a wonderful sermon , brother cleothus . preacher why thank you , sister Rose . mrs . munson that man have a lot to say . woman # 1 yes he do . mrs . munson and every word of it the truth . woman # 2 mm-mm . Jesus well pleased with he . woman # 3 deed he be . preacher oh now lady ... woman # 3 please as he can be . woman # 1 mm-mm . mrs . munson Stout , too . woman # 1 mm-mm . preacher oh now you gracious lady . int . munson house - kitchen - day Mrs. munson be at the kitchen table . she fold a five dollar bill into a sheet of paper , raise she voice as she do so : mrs . munson it be a good sermon . that man have a lot to say . int . munson house - live room - day we have CUT to the portrait of othar over the mantel . he do not answer . from the kitchen : mrs . munson's voice ( o.s. ) ... Stout , too . it would have be a comfort to you ... int . munson house - kitchen - day Mrs. munson have stuff the paper- enclose bill into a envelope , which she be now laboriously address to Bob Jones University . mrs . munson and the choir be all in good voice . mm-mm - there be a knock at the door . mrs . munson ... who could that -- the cat yowl and hiss . I /e. munson house - foyer - day as Mrs. munson swing open the door . g.h. dorr stand on the stoop mournfully dry-wash he hand and obsequiously ducking he head . dorr my dear Mrs. munson , I do so hope this be not a inopportune time for we first practice -- mrs . munson somebody die ? dorr I beg you -- oh ! he look back at the long black vintage lincoln hearse park at the curb behind he . dorr ... no no , no bereavement , though it be so kind of you to enquire . no , the hearse be simply a vehicle commodious enough to accommodate all of the member of we ensemble . and of course we instrument , contrive in a age ignorant of miniaturization ... he turn and gesture at the vehicle . at he sign , gawain , the custodian , emerge from the driver 's side . Clark pancake emerge from the front passenger side . the General , wear a different but equally press khaki suit and ascot , and with a smoking cigarette in he lip , emerge from a back door . gawain go to the back of the hearse and open its hatch to let out lump Hudson , the football player . lump help unload five large and oddly shape instrument case , each man take one except for lump himself , who carry two . as the parade of loser and misfit wind its way up the walk : dorr ... let I introduce you to my friend , my colleague , this devote and passionate musician ... this be gawain macsam , we bassoonist ... gawain nod as he pass by . dorr ... General Nguyen pham Doc , viola da gamba ... mrs . munson no smoking in this house . the General toss he cigarette away and bow stiffly as he pass . general so sorry . dorr ... Clark pancake -- a multi - instrumentalist , but with he remarkable embosser Clark specialize in wind instrument , and be especially accomplish on the french horn ... he nod , pass . dorr ... and , finally , aloysius " lump " Hudson . lump be we sackbuttist and -- thank you , lump -- I see you have also bring my fiddle ... as he hand dorr the violin case : lump here 's you fiddle , Doctor . Mrs. munson size up the group . mrs . munson you be not gonna make a racket , be ya ? dorr oh no . oh no no no no no . no , we shall recuse ourselves to the basement where we shall be -- I think here the expression be uniquely appropriate ... he give a sickly smile . dorr ... as quiet as the crypt . mrs . munson hmph . int . munson house - cellar - day the General stand stock still , he nose a inch away from the earthen wall , study it , squinting through the smoke of the cigarette pinch between he lip . the rest of the man be open they case and take out the instrument . gawain 's case contain , however , not a musical instrument but a boombox and several tape . he load one of the tape into the machine . dorr what do you think , General ? present any problem ? after a beat the General turn away from the wall to give dorr a look into which one might read anything , or nothing . gawain hit play on the boombox and the cellar be fill with the fussy strain of baroque chamber music . dorr nod . dorr ... good then . he spread a map open on the sackbutt case . dorr ... all right , gentleman , why do not we all crowd around and go over the plan . the biggest feature on the map be a wavy , roughly north - south pair of line : a river . a boat icon sit at one edge and from it a dot rectangle extend inland . dorr tap at the boat icon with he fiddle bow . dorr ... this , gentleman , be the Lady luck , gambling de , cash cow , sodom of the Mississippi delta -- and the focus of we little exercise . here be orchard Street ... he be trace a street that parallel the dot rectangle extend from the boat . the street be line by small house icon on either side ; the bow come to rest on one of that icon . dorr ... and here be the residence of marva munson , the charming lady whom y'all meet moment ago . gentlemen ... bow tap emphasize : dorr ... you ... be ... here . now . this bring we to this square ... the bow indicate it , and then withdraw . dorr use the bow as a swagger stick to punctuate as he begin to pace . dorr ... gentlemen , I believe you be all aware that the solon of the State of Mississippi , to wit , its legislature , have decreed that no game establishment shall be erect within its border upon dry land . they may , however , legally float upon any watercourse define a state boundary . but while the gambling activity itself be restrict to riverboat , no such restriction apply to the function ancillary to this cash besotted bidnis . the casino 's office , locker room , facility to cook and clean , and most importantly its count house - the reinforce , secret , and super secure repository of the lucre -- may all be situate ... wherever . gawain -- where be wherever ? gawain say wha ? dorr 's smug smile fade . testily : dorr where be the money ? gawain oh. end of every shift pit boss bring the cash down to the hold of the ship in the lock cash box ; once a day all the cash boxes're move to the count room . dorr and where be the count room ? gawain well , uh ... in that square there . where you point . dorr and what , to flog a horse that if not at this point dead be in mortal danger of expirin' , do the dot square represent ? gawain hesitates , the question 's obviousness suggest to he some trick . gawain ... Offices . Underground . dorr 's eye close . a smile of feline contentment curl he lip . he murmur : dorr Underground ... mmm ... during the casino 's hour of operation the door to the count room be fiercely guard , and the door itself be of redoubtable Pittsburgh steel ; when the casino be close the entire underground complex be lock up and the armed guard retreat to the casino 's main entrance . there , then , far from the guard , reposis the money , cossete behind a five- inch - thick steel portal , yes , but the wall , gentleman , the wall of that room , be but humble masonry , behind which be only the soft loamy soil deposit over the century by ol ' man , the meanderin' mississip ' , as it fan its way back and forth across this great alluvial plain ... he have pried a fistfull of dirt from the cellar wall . dorr ... this earth . he crumble it , let it sift to the floor , and then , pleased with himself , he smile . dorr ... any question ? lump look around , then hesitantly raise he hand . dorr ... yes , lump ? lump what , uh ... what do " cossete " mean ? once again dorr 's smile fade . he do not dignify the question with answer . dorr the General here , whose curriculum vitae compahend massive tunneling experience thoo the soil of he native french -indochina , will direct we little ol ' tunnelin ' operation . the General acknowledge with a curt nod . dorr ... Clark pancake , while a master of none , be a jack of all that trade corollary to we aim . he will be doin ' such fabricatin ' and demolition work as we little caper shall require . Clark acknowledge verbally : pancake happy to be on board . dorr gawain be the proverbial " inside man " . he have manage to secure a berth on the custodial staff of the Lady luck , thereby placin ' himself in a position to perform certain chore whose precise nature need not detain we here , but whose performance shall guide this expedition to its happy conclusion . gawain ya damn skippy . dorr and this bring we to lump . to look at lump you might wonder , what function could he possibly fill , what specialize expertise could he possibly offer , to we merry little ol ' band a miscreant . well gentleman , in a project of such magnitude and such risk , it be traditional -- nay , it be imperative -- to enlist the service of a hooligan , a goon , a ape , a physical brute , who will be we security , we fist , we batterin ' ram . lump be we blunt instrument , and on all we behalf I wish he a warm Mississippi welcome . lump thanks , Professor . dorr well gentleman , here you be , man of different background and differ talent , man with , in fact only two thing in common : one , you all see fit to answer my little advertisement in the Memphis scimitar , and , two , you be all go to be , in consequence , very very incredibly rich . let we revel in we adventure , gentleman . let we make beautiful music together . and above all , gentleman , let we keep it to ourselves . what we say in this root cellar , let it stay in this root cellar . lump there 's no " I " in " team " . all stare at he . dorr ... lump have a very excellent point . the music swell , support now by a male chorus that have the spirite manliness of the Red Army choir . we dissolve to : int . munson house - basement - night the man at work , tunneling . the cat sit on the cellar floor , head cocked , gaze at the hole now open in the wall . lump , in a sleeveless undershirt , glisten with sweat , wield a pickaxe at the forward point . at the mouth of the hole Clark pancake shovel dirt into a heavy plastic refuse bag hold open by gawain . g.h. dorr sit on a camp chair , one hand idly wave time to the music , read a old and yellow tome with half - glass perch midway down he nose . the General hop nimbly out of the tunnel and unzip and step out of he all - in- one to reveal , underneath , he neatly press leisure suit and ascot . int . munson house - live room - night later , dorr stand at the head of the cellar stair , look around the empty parlor . he give a nod down the stair and the man troop up past he , carry sack of earth . over the mantelpiece , the eternal flame of the devotional candle almost animate he feature , othar seem to watch the man as they cross to the front door . ext . munson house - night the man load the earth into the hearse . ext . MISSISSIPPI river - night we be at the Mississippi bridge that we see in the prologue to the movie , but now , in dead of night , desert . the hearse be pull up at the middle of the bridge and dimming its light . the man emerge ; when they open the back of the hearse to pull out the sack , the cat bound out to watch from a distance . we watch the man from high , angle down along the masonry of a tower that stand in the middle of the suspension bridge . a ornamental gargoyle leer in the foreground . the garbage scow be approach . we hear the low toot of its horn as it near the bridge . lump be poise with the first sack hugge to he chest , lean over the railing . the nose of the barge enter below we . lump release the sack . we watch it drop dead away like a bomb from a airplane . it thud distantly onto the barge . the next sack have be pass up to lump and be release . the cat watch . its orange eye blink . its pupil adjust . int . munson house - cellar - night a pull back show that the cat be in fact back in the basement . its Pov : continue tunneling . back to the cat , watch , then turn its head at a noise : at the head of the stair , the cellar door be open . a whistle from the General and lump and Clark pancake scramble from the tunnel . they whip a curtain over its open and all man grab up they instrument as dorr , cover with a cough , turn off the CD player . the General , he ever - present cigarette smolder between he lip , tongue - and - lip it up and backwards so that it be inside he mouth , which he now close . marva munson be heavily and carefully descend the stair . as the man come into view they be look up at she , lump hold he sackbutt but still glisten with sweat and smear with dirt . mrs . munson that 's okay , do not stop on account of I . lump look around , saucer -ey , then blow gamely into he sackbutt . it sound like goose fart until dorr wave he down . dorr no no , madam , we be about to take a break anyway . the glissandi on this particular piece be technically very demand and I think we would all welcome a moment of relaxation . mrs . munson huh . I just think you might like to see- what a you get up to , honey ? why you sweatin ' like that . it be direct at lump , who look down at he own sweat - stain undershirt . lump I , uh ... gawain that man play one bitch barrelful a sackbutt . ai not no one can blow the tenor sackbutt like lump , hoowee ! go at that thing like it be a pu - - uh , like it be a woman ! goddamn ! he -- she cuff he on the head . mrs . munson you mind ! I do not want that kind of talk in my home , even in the root cellar . this be a Christian house , boy , none of that hippity - hop language . dorr sadly , gawain be give to -- whap ! she slap gawain again . mrs . munson sometimes it 's the only way ! he untense after what seem like the final blow , but -- whap ! -- she slap he again . mrs . munson ... I be tryin ' to help you , son ! whap ! mrs . munson ... better yaself ! dorr as well you should , mar 'am . but gawain at time be so far transport by he love of the music of the early Renaissance as to -- mrs . munson do not make no never -mind he 's transport ! dorr have she by the elbow and be ushere she back up the stair . dorr I understand you -- she pull she elbow away and sniff . mrs . munson you be smokin ' ? dorr certainly not , madam . I understand you indignation . and I be offer explanation , not excuse . I myself be offended by that who cannot find the proper word to express themselves and have recourse to -- gawain call up the stair : gawain do not you be explainin ' I , dawg ! you can not look into my mind , cape man ! dorr yes , yes ... dorr 's tone be soothing as he shut the door at the top of the stair . dorr ... a fiery lad ! but then youth be fiery ! a fact often remark upon by the poet of the romantic era . mrs . munson my youth I be in church , I be not walkin ' around fiery . youth be not no excuse for nothin ' ! well , anyway ... only come down to show you the fife . she hand he a thick , roughly whittle piece of cane . dorr hold it , look at it dumbly . he be , for the first time that we have see anyway , non-pluss . mrs . munson ... othar 's fife . he burn he own . dorr try to summon conversation as the two sit with they back to the fireplace : dorr ... do he ? mrs . munson mm-hm . I think maybe bein ' a musical man you would be interested . dorr oh , I be indeed -- mrs . munson cut it himself and burn the hole . israelite call it a kalil . dorr ah . mrs . munson kalil , fife , same thing . you can read about it in the Bible . ai not nothin ' new under the sun . dorr indeed not . mrs . munson go this twenty year . he be some kind of man . from othar 's Pov , slightly high , we see they both twist in they chair to look up at the portrait . reverse of the portrait , low angle . othar look down at we with what appear to be bemusement . marva munson and dorr gaze up at the portrait for a motionless beat . at length , marva munson sigh : mrs . munson ... blow the kalil . dorr 's eye remain on the picture as he inquiry : dorr ... I do not suppose othar ever turn he hand -- or , uh , heh - heh -heh , turn he lip -- to the shofar ? prompt by she silence , he add : dorr ... the ceremonial ram 's horn , sound by the priest of the Hebrew ? mrs . munson I do not know nothin ' ' bout that . othar do not study no shofar , to the extent a my knowledge . the kalil be good enough for my othar ... she gaze at the portrait . mrs . munson ... some kind of man . int . casino - day tracking behind a sashaying ass follow a woman in a red dress . gawain ( o.s. ) hey baby , do not be cruel . jus ' sneak one little peek ... the woman look back over she shoulder , smile , as she continue to walk . gawain ... do not let this uniform fool ya -- reverse pulling track lead gawain macsam , push he wheeled trash bin . gawain you do not need to be gamblin ' , honey , you lookin ' at a sure thing . they call I Mr. 21 , baby , ' cause that 's how I measure up . I be the original black Jack , honey , accept no substituon . you can pull my lever all day long , sweet mama , I be not never gonna come up lemon . that 's right , sugar , you can blow on my dice any ol ' time . int . casino - gudge's office - day gudge have he foot up on the desk and be filing he nail with a emery board . gawain but Mr. gudge , she have a ass that could pull a bus . this lady be fine , fine , dandy , divine . gudge I do not care how big she ass be , macsam . you be fire . gawain say what ? gudge there be no fraternize with customer on the Lady luck . clean out you locker . gawain but gudge– - gudge get out of here . you be fire . gawain you can not fire I . I sue you ass ! gudge Sue I ? for what ? gawain Sue you for fuckin ' punitive damage , man ! gudge punitive damage . gawain ya damn skippy . I know you firin ' my ass ' cause I be black ! gudge everyone on the custodial staff be black , macsam . you replacement 's gonna be black . his replacement will no doubt be black . gawain fuckin ' judge be gonna be black , motherfucker , that 's who gonna be black ! you gonna stand tall before the man ! ext . waffle house - day very high angle we be look down past the distinctive pylon- mount yellow letter : waffle . int . waffle house - day the band of miscreant be seat around a table with cup of coffee . dorr 's wardrobe make no concession to the informality of the set ; he still wear he cape and a black string tie . his manner be more mournful even than usual : dorr oh my . oh my my my my my . this be a severe setback . I be distraught . I be more than distraught , I be devastate . oh my , this be quite the monkey - wrench heave into the meticulously engineered construct of we little escapade . lump yeah , it fuck thing up . dorr I be beside myself . I be at a positive loss for word . gawain you still talkin ' okay though . waitress have you all decide ? dorr 's intensely mournful agitation be bring to bear upon she : dorr oh madam , we must have waffle . we must all have waffle forthwith ! they hand in they menus . dorr ... oh we must think . we must all have waffle and think , each and every one of we to the very best of he ability ! perhaps if you apologize to the man and give he flower , or perhaps a fruit basket , with a card depict a misty seascape and inscribe with a sentiment . gawain shit , man , it be not about apologizin ' ! he fire I ' cause I be black ! pancake he can not do that . you could sue he . open and shut case . gawain fuckin ' A. pancake this be not 1952 . gawain man 's a fuckin ' bigot . dorr well then , perhaps , surely , a chocolate assortment have be know to warm the heart of even the most harden misanthrope , especially if it 's a premium chocolate , import , say , from Switzerland , or the Netherlands , or some other of the so - call " low " country be they dutch or flemish or walloon - - gawain walloon my ass , the man be not gonna roll over for a fuckin ' candy bar ! pancake I be afraid there 's a setback on the tunneling front too . we have run into a pretty large rock , and -- general -- rock ! all turn to look at the General . he continue to stare at a spot in space . he slowly release some inhale cigarette smoke , murmure : general ... very bad . dorr oh my my , it seem that the poet be right : trouble never singly come . pancake oh , we can get through the rock , no worry there . simplest thing in the world . why we blow right through it ; I have get a pyro license , we bore a hole in the rock , pack in a little plastique ; igneous blow pretty good , and we -- lump be he gonna want a piece of the action ? all turn to look at lump . pancake ... who ? lump hesitates , look at the inquire face that surround he . lump ... igneous ? a female Voice : mountain girl ( o.s. ) hello Clark . be I order the prima cord ? the man look up at she . pancake yes , Mountain , we be just talk about that , and some plastique . all the man be stare at she , agog . gawain ... the fuck be this ? pancake this be Mountain girl . Mountain be my right hand . she help I with ordnance . help I with damn near everything . the man stare . gawain ... you bring you bitch to the waffle house ?! there be tension in the air . dorr clear he throat . dorr I confess myself to be puzzle as well . I think we all understand that , so far as we little enterprise be concerned , mum , as the say would have it , be the word -- pancake of course . I understand that . but this be Mountain ... he chuckle . pancake ... I do not keep secret from Mountain . that 's not how you maintain a loving , caring relationship . gawain ... you bring you bitch to the waffle house ? he look around . gawain ... man bring he bitch to the waffle house ! pancake look , you , I will thank you to stop refer to Mountain that way . she 's the other half of my life . gawain everybody lookin ' at I like I be a fuck - up , losin ' that sorry - ass job , and this motherfucker bring he bitch to the waffle house ! pancake lunge across the table , send dish clatter to the floor as he grab gawain by the shirt . pancake you son of a bitch punk ! shut you goddamn mouth ! he shake he vigorously and rear back to take a swing at he . gawain draw a gun . gawain come and get I motherfuck ! come on , baby , let 's get it on ! Mountain start scream . people look , aghast . dorr gentlemen , please ! the other man pry pancake and gawain apart . dorr ... gentlemen , this sort of behavior do you no credit in the eye of you colleague , or in that of the other patron of this waffle house ! pancake grumble as he compose himself and straighten he clothes . pancake ... nobody talk to Mountain girl that way . she have a abusive family ! gawain fuck you , man . pancake Little punk . I get syrup on my safari jacket . he embrace Mountain , who continue to sob quietly . dorr gentlemen , I propose that we consider the matter of this woman , Mountain Water , to be -- pancake Mountain girl . dorr I be so very sorry . I propose that we consider this matter to be close , and we shall choose to trust she , since we now have no choice , and since she shall share only in Mr. pancake 's portion of the booty . over the shoulder of the quietly weep Mountain girl : pancake of course . would not have it any other way . gawain damn right you will not . pancake up yours , punk . dorr gentlemen ! and the manner of dispose of we igneous impediment be also settle . that leave only the question of gawain retrieve he job . lump could not you just bribe the guy ? all turn to look at lump . int . munson live room - night othar look serenely down from he spot over the mantelpiece . marva munson knit ; g.h. dorr sit nodd over a ancient volume of half - forget lore , read glass perch midway down he nose . curtain waft lazily in the summer night breeze . mrs . munson ... you just a readin ' fool , be not you Mr. dorr . dorr yes yes , I must confess , madam , that often I feel more at home in this ancient volume than I do in the hustle - bustle of we modern world . to I , paradoxically , the literature of the so-called " dead tongue " have more currency than this mornin 's newspaper . mrs . munson mm-mm . dorr in this book ... he remove he glass and lazily twirl they . dorr ... in this volume , there be the accum'late wisdom a mankind which succour I when the day be hard or the night lonely and long . mrs . munson wisdom of mankind , what about the wisdom of the Lord ? dorr oh yes , the good Book , mm . I have find reward in its page . but for I there be other good book as well ; the heavy volume of antiquity , freight with the insight of man 's glorious age . and then of course I love , love , love the work of Mr. Ed g'allan poe . mrs . munson I know who he be . kinda creepy . dorr oh no , madam , noooo . not of this world , true ; he live in a dream , a ancient dream ... dorr himself be lose in a dream : dorr " helen , they beauty be to I like that nicean bark a yore that gently , o'er a perfume sea , the weary , wayworn wanderer bore to he own native shore ... " mrs . munson who be helen ? she be not a loose woman , be she ? some kinda whore a Babylon ? dorr be still lose : dorr one do not know who helen be , though I picture she as bein ' very , very extremely ... pale . he come to himself , focus on Mrs. munson . dorr ... miz munson , I be tryin ' to think of some way of expressin ' my gratitude to you for takin ' in ... he chuckle . dorr ... this weary , wayworn wanderer ... the Professor take a small ticket envelope from where it have serve as bookmark , and hand it across . dorr ... it 's just a modest little ol ' present , why it 's practically nothing at all . beam , she take two ticket out of the envelope and inspect they . mrs . munson oh Mr. dorr , why you be such a gallant man ... dorr oh no madam , I blush . I melt . no , I just happen to hear of this gospel concert tomorrow night , the mighty mighty Cloud of Joy , and I think you and a friend from church , perhaps ... mrs . munson othar love that music ... yes , I get a widow - lady friend ... dorr the concert be up in Memphis , but I have arrange for a car service to transport you thither and , needless to say , back home at the concert 's termination . my friend and I will be rehearse here tomorrow evening so you need not worry about the security of you charming little old house ... there be a knock at the door . mrs . munson huh ? Excuse I . I /e. munson house - foyer - night Mrs. munson swing the door open to sheriff wyner . his squad car be park at the curb . mrs . munson sheriff wyner , how you doin ' ... int . munson house - live room - night the Professor 's eye widen with concern as he hear the voice , off : sheriff ( o.s. ) evenin ' , miz munson , I just come by ... I /e. munson house - foyer - night the sheriff be tipping he hat and already back away , try to make he visit brief : sheriff ...to let you know I have a word with weemack . he say he gonna comply with you request , keep the music down and neighborly . mrs . munson mm-hm . he call from the bottom of the stoop : sheriff so you have a pleasant evening now , and just let we know -- mrs . munson hang on there , sheriff , somebody I want you to meet . sheriff ma'am , I be a little press for time -- mrs . munson why , you chasin ' a gang of bank robber ? get on in here say hello . int . munson house - live room - night the voice approach : mrs . munson ... we be just havin ' tea , talkin ' about othar - - the two enter and Mrs. munson stop short , look . the live room be empty . even the Professor 's teacup be go . mrs . munson ... hm ... buss he own dish . you can always tell a gentleman . the sheriff , hat in hand , gaze about . sheriff someone be here , mar 'am ? mrs . munson mm-hm , with I and othar . once again , he try to excuse himself : sheriff well , maybe I will catch he next time ... mrs . munson come on up to he room . int . munson house - dorry bedroom - night the door open and the two look in . the neatly make bed next to the small , barren dresser . mrs . munson mm , he 's neat . sheriff very neat . mrs . munson probably go down to the cellar to play with he friend . she turn . sheriff ma'am , I really have to ... Pov from under the bed top-tease by a dust ruffle in the foreground , we see Mrs. munson 's heavy orthopedic shoe turn to pass sheriff wyner 's shiny black boot . reverse show dorr , cheek press to the floor , he teacup and saucer under the bed with he . sheriff ... be gettin ' back ... back to normal perspective Mrs. munson be about to go out the door but notice something : a corner of the Professor 's cape , protrude from under the end of the bed . mrs . munson what the ... back to dorr fearfully watch . he Pov the heavy orthopedic shoe approach , and then , with loud Mr. mogul sound of effort , Mrs. munson 's hand and knee hit the floor . her head drop in to view to peer in , she own cheek against the floorboard . mrs . munson ... what the ... why , Professor ! we see the sheriff watch and he high Pov of Mrs. munson 's enormous ass . mrs . munson ... what you doin ' havin ' tea down there ?! dorr make silent hand wave to disavow he own presence . Mrs. munson roar with laughter . with difficulty she push herself back upright , still laugh . mrs . munson ... land of goshen ! get out from under there ! sheriff miz munson , my pager just go off ... mrs . munson why of all the ... int . munson house - staircase / foyer - night the sheriff be already back down the stair : sheriff ' fraid I gotta respond ... he open the front door and call up : sheriff ... I will try to meet you friend some other time . int . munson house - dorry bedroom - night dorr shimmy out from under the bed . dorr well that be very ... refresh ... as you know ... he get to he foot , slap dust from the front of he pants . dorr ... we academic be inordinately fond of wedgin ' ourselves into confine space . at Yale the student will see how many of they number they can enclose in a telephone booth ; Harvard , a broom closet . mrs . munson why I never ! dorr there be the goldfish - swallowin ' craze , of course , a different but related phenomenon ... ahem ... I hope I do not spill any tea ... int . casino - gudge's office - day close on a BOX of chocolate the box be be pull open . gudge ( o.s. ) what the hell be this ? wider show gawain in Mr. gudge 's office as gudge , behind the desk , look at the gift-wrapped box . gawain it 's just my way of sayin ' , well , goddamnit , I do not know what it 's like walkin ' in you shoe , bein ' all tightass and all , and you do not know what it 's like to walk in my shoe , but , well ... gudge be open a card that be inside the box . its floral front say in gold script , " I be sorry ... if I hurt you feeling ... " gawain ... you know , there 's the custodian , and then there 's the man inside the custodian , y'understand what I be sayin ' ... gudge open the card . Inside be a hundred - dollar bill . gawain ... and that man have need , dig , and I guess that need , Mr. gudge , which they usually involve woman with big ass , well that motherfuckin ' need sometimes well up over the custodian like the motherfuckin' johnstown flood . but my point be it be not gonna happen again . not if it 's humanly possible ... gudge read the card , flip it over to look at its back . gudge hmm ... gawain but Jesus , if you would see the ass on that girl , Mr. gudge , you would a want she sit on you face too . gudge well , we be all human . gawain ya damn skippy . gudge this apology busy you a one - week probationary period . stay away from the customer , macsam . int . tunnel - night pancake be on he stomach , wear goggle , boring a hole into a rock face with a power drill . int . munson house - cellar - night we hear the whine of the drill faintly here , all but cover by the sound of the chamber music on the boom box . the other man sit around . dorr give a casual glance at he watch as the whine subside . pancake emerge from the tunnel cover with grime . pancake the drill bit 's get awfully hot . gawain , maybe you could fill a hudson sprayer and spritz it down while I drill . gawain fuck you , man , I be not you house nigger . I be the inside man ! pancake look , be you gonna have a bug up you ass for the rest of the time we work together ? lump I will get the sprayer . pancake no no , I and this gentleman here have to get square . let I tell you something , macsam . you wanna know something ? gawain I do not wanna know shit from you . pancake lean against the wall and push he goggle up on he forehead , leave raccoon eye . pancake I be gonna tell you how I come down to Mississippi . be not bear here , you know . I be from scranton , Pennsylvania ... abruptly , he stare off into space . pancake ... nnnff ! gawain huh ? pancake 's eye regain they focus : pancake ... scranton , Pennsylvania . come down here in 1964 . Greyhound bus. with the freedom rider . you know who the freedom rider be , macsam ? gawain I do not give a shit who they be . just tell I when they gonna leave . pancake the freedom rider , my fine young man , be a group of concerned liberal from up North -- white , negros , and yes , jewish people -- all work together , just like we be here . concerned citizen who come down here so that local black people could have they civil liberty . so that people like you could have the vote . all look at pancake . quiet , except for the delicate chamber music . gawain 's tone soften : gawain ... you know what , man ? pancake what , brother ? gawain I do not vote . so fuck you . pancake darken : pancake why you fuck -- gawain and the bus you ride in on ! pancake that 's it ! he peel off he coat . pancake ... let 's step outside , macsam ! there be a knock on the cellar door . the man freeze momentarily , then scramble for they instrument . the General flip he cigarette backwards into he mouth . dorr turn off the boom box , then call : dorr yes , madam ? the door open and Mrs. munson come down the stair , hold a large plate cover by a check napkin . mrs . munson my friend Mrs. funthes be here so I be about to go on out . I just want to leave y'all with some cinnamon cookie ... she take the napkin off and carry the plate from person to person ; each obediently take a cookie with a murmured " thank you , mar 'am . " mrs . munson ... y 'all sound pretty good . it would be nice if you would come by the church some day , give we a recital . dorr take she by the arm and escort she back to the stair . dorr oh madam , you be too kind . we music , however , be -- how shall I put it ? -- rather Roman in its outlook ; many of we piece be commission by the Holy see . mrs . munson oh , I see all right , but we do not make a big whoop - dee - do about denomination ; everybody welcome at we church . we have have methodist come in . episcopal . even have a Jew come in once with a guitar back in the sixty . dorr indeed . Excuse I , one moment , mar 'am , and I shall see you off ... they have reach the top of the stair and the Professor usher she out but stay behind himself . he turn to address the rest of the man below : dorr ... if you gentleman can labor harmoniously in the course of my absence , then perhaps upon my return we shall be prepare to explode that vexin ' ol ' piece a igneous . gawain he 's the motherfuckin ' piece of igneous . int . munson house - live room - night the Professor emerge from the cellar . Mrs. munson await with she friend who be likewise togged out in fancy Sunday dress and carry a shiny black purse . mrs . munson Professor , this be rosalie funthes , rosalie , Professor g.h. dorr , Ph.D. rosalie oh my , that 's a awful lot of letter . dorr well of course in my youth I be simply know as goldthwait ... int . munson house - cellar - night pancake be take the boom box off the table to clear some space . pancake all right , safety meeting , let 's listen up . General , could you hand I the prima cord and the compound there . before we set the charge we will run through we procedure . various paraphernalia be laid out on the table . the cat sit in a corner of the cellar , watch carefully and , it seem , listen attentively . pancake ... I have earplug for whoever want they . just wedge they in you ear . now here we have -- not yet , lump . lump stop put in he earplug . pancake ... now. prima cord . gelatinite . c4 . time come , we pack the hole in the rock with the c4 and insert two lead . a ... he hold up one lead . pancake ... and B. he hold up the other lead . pancake ... charge come from a battery that be inside this plunger . ordinary auto battery , you can pick it up at sear , easiest thing in the world ... ext . munson house - night a black town car idle at the curb . dorr be just escort the two lady out the front door and down the stoop . dorr I remember my father tell I -- and it be one of the few memory I retain of the man , from one of he visit home , and how I do cherish it -- he say , " goldthwait , you be not form as other little boy . " rosalie mm-mm . mrs . munson he a man of learnin ' ? dorr g.h. number two be self - educate ; he have no career , as such , though the state recognize the breadth of he readin ' by make he librarian at the state nervous hospital in meridian , where he be a distinguished inmate . int . munson house - cellar - night pancake set down the two electrical lead and pick up a hammer . pancake this be the same procedure we will be use when we collapse the tunnel after enter the casino vault and return to the root cellar . he look pointedly at gawain . pancake ... this be for you own protection , so pay close attention . once this material be combine only the professional may handle they . that mean I , or the General . separately they be harmless - completely inert . why , you could light this stuff on fire , hit it with a hammer -- he swing the hammer down onto the plastique -- ext . munson house - night -- and there be the dull thud of a explosion and the house 's window rattle in they frame . the Professor , at the open door of the car into which the two lady have just sit , look up at the house , as do the lady . mrs . munson ... what in the name of heaven be that ? dorr stare at the house , appal . dorr I be ... quite sure ... that there be ... no cause for alarm ... he struggle for self - possession . dorr ... why , I be not even absolutely certain that I hear anything at all . mrs . munson do not hear anything ?! dorr well , something , perhaps , but ... marva munson start to get out of the car . dorr ... nothing that need discompose we , be the sense I be try to convey ... he urge she back into she seat . dorr ... miz munson , I will not have you miss you musical recital . why , you go ahead now . miz funthes , you as well , I beg of you ... he be back up the walk . dorr ... I shall call the gas company , or the water company , or whatever subterranean utility be implicate in this little ... occurrence ... I shall see to the matter ... as only a highly educate classicist could . at the door now , he give the two woman peer out the car window a smile but vigorous wave away , which they do not heed , and then he enter . int . munson house - live room - night the room be fill with smoke . othar , slightly askew over the mantel , look a little huffy . we hear clomping and scream on the cellar stair . lump burst out , shriek : lump blood , Professor ! oh my God ! blood ! the General come bound up the stair like a panther , a cigarette burn in he lip . he land catlike in the live room , glide to the blubber lump , grab one shoulder firmly with one hand , and with the other slap he sharply , once forehand , once backhand . lump stare at he , shocked , he blubber cut short . more noise be come from the stair : pancake ... why , it 's nothing to make a fuss about . perfectly all right ... happen all the time ... gawain ... you gotta go find it , dipshit ! pancake emerge from the stairwell , he hair singe , he face and the front of he jumpsuit darken by the blast . he be clutching one hand with the other . pancake ... no , no . really , I be perfectly all right . gawain have ascend just behind to hector he over he shoulder : gawain perfectly all right ? you just blow you fuck finger off ! pancake sure , but -- gawain well get back down there and find it , man ! I be not pickin ' up you goddamn finger ! dorr I gather there be a premature detonation -- gawain they can sew that shit back on , jack ! like that guy he wife cut he dick off ! just sew that motherfucker back on ! pancake of course . simplest thing in the world . microsurgery -- gawain saw that motherfucker in a porno ! thing still work ! pancake be pale from loss of blood and he pontification lack full conviction : pancake oh yes , they have remarkable ability in the , uh ... ext . munson house - night quiet . the two woman sit in the idling car , look at the house . from the house there be very mute bellow . still look toward the house , Mrs. munson offer a word of explanation to she friend : mrs . munson they use the house to practice music a the rococo . rosalie mmmm-hm . int . munson house - live room - night the cat , with a human finger in its mouth , sidle cautiously to one side , warily eying someone . voice ( o.s. ) get he ! the General , plume cigarette in he mouth , tense arm extend outward , sidle cautiously to cut he off . dorr I propose that we get we fall comrade to the hospital , and the General shall follow when he manage to recover the severe digit . pancake I do not know what all the fuss be about . the cat jump . the General leap to follow . ext . munson house - night the two woman look . the front door of the house open . lump , the Professor , and gawain emerge , escort pancake . just before gawain finish close the door the cat slip out . mrs . munson pickle ! the door be yank fully open and the General race out after the cat . mrs . munson ... you catch pickle now ! the cat race across the lawn and , with no break in stride , up he favorite tree . the General follow and , also without break stride , clamber up the tree after it . Tree limb shake with activity hide by the leave . we hear the hiss of the cat . the man be bundle pancake into the hearse . dorr call to the woman before climb in : dorr the house be perfectly in order , but we need medical attention for Mr. pancake who , during the disturbance , pinch he finger in a valve of the sackbutt . the cat leap out of the tree and run away down the road . mrs . munson you let the cat out ! the General leap out of the tree to land catlike on the street , arm tense , cast a look both way , and then pursue the animal down the road . we hear the retreate pad footstep of all six foot . dorr the General be even now exercise every effort to retrieve you mischievous little pet . please go , go and enjoy you concert , and we shall see you later in the evening . au revoir , me dame ! ext . MISSISSIPPI river - night a new day . the garbage scow chug down the mighty Mississippi . it toot its horn . int . munson house - cellar - night close on schematic map it show the underground complex and , stretch towards it in a line draw with a blunt pencil , be the tunnel . it be now almost to the vault . a violin bow enter to tap at the line . dorr ( o.s. ) despite we little setback we find ourselves on schedule to penetrate the vault ... the bow tap at the vault outline . dorr ...here , this afternoon , have successfully blast that little ol ' rock to piece during miz munson 's choir practice . the violin bow withdraw . dorr ... Clark , perhaps you can run we through the game plan for what remain of we tunnelin' . a bandage hand enter frame and a finger- stump point at the end of the pencile line . pancake ( o.s. ) of course . why , it 's child 's play now , easiest thing in the world . only a couple of foot separate we from the vault ... wider the man be cluster around the map , spread out on the sackbutt case in the cellar . Clark continue : pancake ... just the usual spadework until we hit the masonry of the vault , and then we drill through . dorr and will you be able to wield the drill with you maim extremity ? pancake oh , I should think so , it 's only one finger . inhibit I in do finer work , of course . I will always have to live with that ... ahem . maybe , and I be just think out loud here , maybe since , as you say , it will present problem later ... dorr yes , Clark ? pancake well , maybe -- and this be something I have talk over with Mountain girl , and she agree with I , so it 's not just one person 's opinion -- maybe I should get a little extra compensation for the accident . a long , stony silence . pancake ... somewhat larger share . why , if this be any other line of work I would be get workmen 's comp , would not I ? might even have a pretty good lawsuit . gawain you gonna sue yaself for blowin ' off you finger ? pancake well that be simply asinine -- dorr yes but you see , Clark , this be not what you just call " some other line of work . " pancake but if it be -- dorr this be a criminal enterprise , not to put too fine a point on it , entailin ' all manner a risk not involved in honest labor . governmental regulation a ' civic safeguard cannot be assume to apply to antisocial pursuit . lump yeah , but he lose he finger . gawain we do not give a shit ! man can blow he own dick off , do not make no nevermind to we ! we do not gotta pay the man for goin ' around blowin ' off body part ! getcha head outcha ass , man ! pancake look , you -- dorr I think that in this instance gawain have a very excellent point . I -- general no extra share ! all stop and stare at the General . Clark grumble : pancake well , okay , majority rule , like I say , it be just a trial balloon . Hand 's not so bad really , I even get some phantom feel . gawain you pull on you prick you get phantom feel . greedy motherfuck . dorr now that that matter be settle , let we synchronize we watch before gawain report to work . in ... twenty second ... it will be twelve-sixteen exactly ... fifteen ... pancake it will be twelve-fifteen ? dorr no , in fifteen second -- now eleven second -- it will be twelve - sixteen ... eight ... lump Professor ? dorr six ... five -- yes , lump ? lump I do not have a watch . ext . casino - day it be the weathered doorway to the main entrance of the Lady luck . a hand enter to rap . elron ( o.s. ) yeah ? gawain I , dickwad . a low , chesty chuckle . the door swing open and gawain enter . int . casino - day rumbling wheel on nubby floor a garbage bin be be wheeled across the empty casino floor . wider gawain be wheeling it . he be approach the tunnel to the corporate annex . back to the wheel as they roll down the tunnel . int . church - day loud sing at the cut . we be look at Mrs. munson in the middle of the choir , hold forth in song . int . casino - service hall - day gawain lean back against the wall next to the vault door , arm fold across he chest . faintly , from inside the vault , we hear the whine of a power tool . gawain lean over and punch the button on boom box that hang from the roll garbage bin . the hallway pulse with " I Left my wallet in El segundo . " int . church - day more sing , Mrs. munson and the rest of the choir now clap as they sing . int . casino - vault - day the power- tool whine be louder here . we be look at a patch of wall . after a beat , and with a loud rev as resistance give way , a drill bit emerge from the wall , spitting out bit of the masonry . the drill withdraw . after a beat , hammer blow . the chunk of masonry begin to buckle . int . casino - service hall - day the General open the door , still somehow immaculately groom . gawain enter . int . church - day the gospel number rise to climax , support by the organist and the rest of the congregation . int . casino - vault - day Clark and lump , cover in dirt and plaster dust , have start stuff bundle bill and small sack into large garbage bag . a irregular hole , about three foot across , gape in the far wall . gawain punch off the boombox , look at all the money . gawain well be not that somethin' . Clark suddenly freeze in the act of collect money . he straighten slowly . pancake hnnnn . arrunggggh ! rnffff . he stand stock still , wince , gaze off into space . pancake ... mmmmnggh ! he whisper hoarsely , urgently : pancake ... ibs ! the other man look at he . gawain ... say what ? pancake ibs ! irritable bowel syndrome ! be there a man 's room down here ?! gawain oh man , you should not be use the men' room -- pancake or a lady 's room ! ibs ! quickly ! gawain you shoulda shit back in the house , man ! we do not want elron find you in the goddamn crapper ! Clark 's voice be still hoarse . he do small knee bend of urgency : pancake no choice ! quickly ! it 's a medical condition ! gawain you be disgusting , man . all right , follow I . int . casino - day we be close on gawain peer anxiously to one side . he turn and peer the other way . we hear a toilet flush and , after a beat , Clark emerge from the men' room door next to which gawain stand . his manner be now completely relaxed . pancake feel thirty pound lighter . they start walk back to the vault . pancake ... thank you for be so understanding . not everyone be , of course , which be why the biggest challenge of ibs be educate the public . afflict over two million people yet most of we have never hear of it . and it strike without regard to age , gender or race . gawain oh fuck , man , I do not wanna know about it . pancake that 's the kind of attitude we be fight . gawain well maybe you should sign I up , man , ' cause you startin ' to irritate my bowel . int . church - day the choir finish a number and sit -- all except for marva munson , who unty the knot on she robe at the nape of she neck , slip it off and , with murmured goodby , slip away . int . casino - vault - day as the two man enter Clark be still hold forth : pancake ... I guess I never tell you , that 's how Mountain girl and I meet . they have a ibs weekend at grossinger 's , in the catskill . of course the tourist business up there have suffer , with the demise of the borscht belt . so they have different promotion , mixer , so on . this be a weekend for irritable bowel singles to meet and support each other and share storey . gawain man , I do not wanna hear a single one a they storey . pancake well , some of they be very -- gawain not one fuckin ' story ! you one fuck - up motherfucker ! you -- they stop short , look : the General and lump be stand in the middle of the floor , stock still , each clutching a bag of money , stare up at the same corner of the ceiling . lump turn to Clark and gawain . lump hey , lookit that . gawain and Clark join they in the middle of the vault and look up at the corner of the ceiling . a small video camera , aim squarely at the four man . through the camera Black -and -white video , very wide angle high shot , of the four motionless man below goggle up at the lens . smoke plume from the General 's cigarette . back to normal perspective pancake huh . look like a ikegami . he slip on he read glass as he get a leg up on a shelf just below the camera and hoist himself . he peer in at the lens . through the lens Clark loom into extreme close shot . pancake ... oh yeah . mm-hm . I be not sure whether it 's broadcasting ... normal perspective pancake ... um - hm ... no ... he be finger the back of the camera . pancake ... hard wire ... down below , gawain look at the wire snake along the seam of wall and ceiling . at the opposite corner it travel down the joint of the two wall . he trace its path down and then across one wall at chair - rail height towards the door . the other man follow in a anxious herd as he trace one finger along it . just before reach the vault door the wire go through the wall in a hole finish off with a grommet . gawain go out the vault door ... int . casino - service hall - day ... and pick up the line where it emerge on the other side , travel down to the joint of wall and floor , and then continue along the floor . gawain follow it and the other man continue to follow he . he trace it anxiously down the hall in a hunch lope . the other man scuttle behind into ... int . casino - monitor room - day the wire wind around into the room , back up to chair- rail height , along one wall , behind some cabinetry which gawain hurry past to find it again on the far side , and then down to a video recorder . it be not , however , hook up to the video recorder : its pronge end swing loose just by where it would be plugge in . Inside the video recorder be a casette , which gawain eject . the man crowd to look over he shoulder as he examine it : " shevann 's schvanz " . there be a pile of other video by the monitor : " charlayne and the chocolate Factory , " " Big Dick blaque 's Big night out , " " lemme tell ya ' Bout Black chick , " " anus & Andy . " just next to the pile be a old bowl of kocoa krispy . int . casino - vault - day the General climb into the tunnel with a garbage bagful of money , follow by lump , likewise encumber . lump hand back out a satchel to gawain , who set it on the vault floor by the hole . from the way he handle it , it be quite heavy . pancake , also with a bag of money , be get ready to climb in : pancake look , I do not choose to have ibs -- gawain shut the fuck up ! lump hand gawain a smaller , lighter satchel which he likewise set on the floor . pancake there 's no cure , you know . only control . lifelong condition . not complain , just fact . and I do meet Mountain . gawain grab you bag and get in that fuck hole ! ext . church - day Mrs. munson be leave , with sing still audible from the service that continue inside . int . munson house - cellar - day we be look from inside the tunnel towards its mouth , where the Professor stoops slightly to peer in , anxiously dry -wash he hand . a reverse show the hunch - over man scuttling along the tunnel towards we , hold large garbage sack . dorr welcome back , gentleman , mission accomplish I see . I be so very very delighted ... he give a hand down to each man as he exit the tunnel . dorr ... congratulation . congratulation . I have some cold duck on ice for the occasion . lump maybe we could have something to drink , too . int . casino - vault - day gawain , leave behind , be mutter to himself as he use a trowel and other instrument from he satchel to patch up the hole at he end of the tunnel . gawain motherfucker can not stop talk , can not stop shitting . motherfucker tell everyone about he motherfuckin ' asshole . no one give a shit about he asshole . nobody interested in another man 's asshole . or he bitch 's . ext . munson house - day Mrs. munson be let herself in . int . munson house - cellar - day the man be sit around the table , champagne glass raise . on the table sit the money , stack in orderly pile . dorr gentlemen , to we few . we who have share each other 's company , each other 's care , each other 's joy , and who now reap the fruit of we communal effit , shoulder to shoulder , from each accordin ' to he ability so forth whatnot . we have have we little diffence along the way , it 's true , but I like to think they have only make we value one another the more , each come to understand and appreciate the other 's unique quality , potency , and , yes , foible . I suggest that we shall look back upon this caper one day , one distant day , grandchild dandle upon we knee , and perhaps a tear will form , and we shall say , well , with wit , and grit , and no small amount of courage , we accomplish something on that day , a feat of derring - do , a enterprise not ignoble -- we , merry band , unbound by the constraint of society and the prejudice of the common ruck , we happy few . gentlemen -- to we ! men to we ! they clink . int . munson house - kitchen - day upstair Mrs. munson run water into a teapot , hum to herself . int . casino - vault - day have finish patching , gawain start painting . he turn on he boombox , and out come the big bassy " I Left my wallet in El segundo . " int . munson house - cellar - day the man , have drunk deep , be set down they glass . pancake look at he watch with some concern . pancake charge should have go off already . dorr I do beg you pardon ? pancake the charge to collapse the tunnel . I set it for eight minute . dorr look at he watch . dorr well that time , and more , have most certainly elapse . from inside the tunnel look toward the mouth . the man stoop over and peek fearfully in . they again stand upright . a silence . dorr clear he throat . dorr I need not remind you of the importance of obliterate any trace of a connection between the vault and this house . it be of the essence of this plan that it should appear that the money have simply vanish . without a trace . spirit away , as it be , by ghost . pancake of course . I understand . dorr the conundrum of the undisturbed yet empty vault , the unsolvable riddle of the seal yet violate sanctum , be of the utmost importance not only to make we caper innelectually satisfy . it be also exigent as a matter of practical fact : I remind you that if a tunnel be ever find lead to this house , this house 's owner know all of you name . pancake she certainly do . dorr therefore -- to draw the unavoidable conclusion -- someone shall have to reenter the tunnel to reset that charge . int . tunnel - day pancake , hunch over , scurries along the tunnel . he reach the remnant of a large rock , where the tunnel grow smaller . he drop to crawl position and elbow he way forward , toolbelt clanking along . we be get closer and closer to a muffle but thuddingly bassy " I Left my wallet in El segundo . " int . casino - vault - day the music loudly present at the cut . gawain take a handheld blowdryer out of he satchel and flip it on , direct it at the fresh paint on the wall whose repair be now invisible . int . tunnel - day Music once again muffle . pancake have reach a little LED - display timer with lead trail off of it . he grab it , put on he read glass , squint . the display show : time remaining : 00:12 . the colon in the display rhythmically blink , but the number do not advance . for some reason , stick . pancake huh . he reach to he tool belt , pull out he leatherman . int . munson house - live room - day Mrs. munson be set place at a large table . there be about a dozen place setting . int . tunnel - day pancake now have a mini-mag light clench between he tooth , aim down at the timer . he open the phillip head on he leatherman but abruptly stop and stare off into space . pancake nnnnrungh ... he be squinting with pain . the muffle hip - hop song be beginning to recede . int . vault - day gawain be wheeling he garbage cart out the door . the vault be completely empty but look completely undisturbed . he close the heavy vault door behind he , leave quiet . int . tunnel - day quiet here as well , now . pancake 's moan trail off to nothing . he relax . the moment , whatever it be , have pass . he look back down at the unit , flick it with he finger , and it emit a soft beep . pancake ... huh ? he squint at the back of the unit . as it beep again , he turn the unit over to look at its face . the readout now say : 00:10 . as he watch , peer down through the bottom of he glass , it continue to advance with a beep as each second slip by : 9 ... 8 ... pancake ... what the -- his eye widen and he frantically shake the unit . it continue beep . he briefly and sloppily try to fit the phillip head into one of the four screw on the back of the unit but immediately give up and start a panicked wriggle back up the tunnel , whimper . int . casino - day gawain be wheeling he garbage cart past elron . int . munson house - live room - day Mrs. munson be place the last piece of silverware , just so . int . tunnel - day pancake be in full panicked awkward flight as -- int . munson house - cellar - day -- boom ! we CUT to the cellar and pancake be shot out the tunnel like a human cannonball , trail a comet - tail of dirt , dust , and debris that waft what be neatly stack bill up into the air . int . munson house - live room - day the portrait of othar jostle back to square . he now look a little angry . the cat arch she back , emit a startle yowl . Mrs. munson stand , freeze , then look slowly around , try to assimilate what have just happen . int . casino - day gawain and elron be stare at each other , freeze , also reacting to what just happen . finally : gawain ... you just fart ? elron heh-heh -heh . int . munson house - live room - day Mrs. munson be look at the cellar door . Dust drift out from under it . she take a slow step towards it . another step . she open the door . there be no visibility in the cellar due to swirl clay dust . she take one step down the stair , wave at the air in front of she face . Paper money waft in and out of the dust . we hear voice : pancake ( o.s. ) perfectly all right . not a problem . lump ( o.s. ) well there sure as shit be not no tunnel leave . the clear dust reveal the cape Professor anxiously dance from foot to foot , gather money out of the air . as he reach up to grab a bill that have he face up in Mrs. munson 's direction , he freeze . his Pov reveal she through dissipate dust . mrs . munson Professor , I be surprised . there be a long beat , through which all stare at she . dorr ... properly speak , madam , we have be surprised ; you be take aback . though I acknowledge that the sense you intend be gain currency through increase use . further dissipation of the dust reveal how much money there be , settling now to cover the floor of the cellar . dorr ... you have return from you devotion betime . we hear the ring of the doorbell . mrs . munson I hadda fix tea . I wanna talk to you , Professor , do not you be leavin ' . and do not make any more noise ! and you ! she point at the General who , in the excitement , have neglect to hide he ever- present cigarette . mrs . munson ... I tell you , I do not want any smokin ' in here ! she clomp upstairs and shut the cellar door . int . munson house - live room we pull her towards the front door , angry and lose in think . her look soften somewhat as she open the door . it be a chatter infestation of hen : all of she friend from church push in wear church dress and elaborate hat . int . munson house - cellar - day the man be still freeze look up toward the door . the mute cackle of church lady . the man gradually unfreeze . lump she see everything . she see we hole ... he turn to dorr , near tear : lump ... she see we hole , Professor ! dorr rub he hand anxiously , think : dorr yes ... yes ... lump what do we do ? dorr well , first , my dear boy , we follow the General 's example ... the General remain stare up at the door , freeze but for the smoke plume from the cigarette in he mouth . dorr ... and refrain from panic . secondly , we cooly , calmly , collectedly think ... think ... the gaze of all the man drift back up to the cellar door , and we look down at they , gaze up . int . munson house - live room - day the chatter lady be gather at the table , Mrs. munson pour they tea . the cellar door creak noisily -- one might almost say gothically -- ajar , and the Professor peer out with a ingratiate smile . dorr hsst ... madam ... the chatter abate and the lady all look at he . his smile broaden into ghastliness and he crook a finger toward Mrs. munson . dorr ... Mrs. munson , if I might have a word ... mrs . munson you get back down that stair ! dorr I assure you I shall be -- mrs . munson hush ! down that stair ! we havin ' tea now ! I be down shortly . he nod meekly and retreat , ease the door creakily shut . the lady look inquisitively at Mrs. munson as he footstep be hear descend the stair . mrs . munson ... he 's the tenant . lady mm-hm . int . munson house - cellar day as the Professor rejoin the still stare and silent group . the money have be pick up and be once again in stack upon the table . dorr she shall be down shortly ... explain , he indicate upstairs with a jerk of the head : dorr ... tea. dainty . the man nod , murmure . the cellar door squeak open . there be the clomp of careful footstep on the stair . use only tongue and tooth , the General flip he smoking cigarette inwards into he mouth and give Mrs. munson he usual deadpan look . she halt halfway down the stair , still wear a apron and hold a spatula . mrs . munson I do not know what you boy be up to but I be not bear yesterday and I know mischief when I see it . now I want a explanation , but first I want you boy to get you fanny up here with y'all period instrument . I be tellin' the lady about you music and they wanna hear you play . she turn to head back up the stair but abruptly stop to turn and give the General a hard look which he innocently return . mrs . munson ... hmph . she turn again and clomp back up the stair . the General open he mouth and , again without use he hand , restore he cigarette to its usual place on he lower lip . lump be fretful : lump Professor ? dorr yes , lump ? lump I can not really play the buttsack . int . munson house - live room - day the cellar door open and the man troop out , g.h. dorr lead and the other man follow rather sheepishly behind . dorr Madame -- or rather , mesdame -- you will have to accept we apology for fail to perform since , as you see , we be shorthand . gawain be still at work and we could no more play with one part tacit than a horse could canter shy one leg . lady mm-hmm . mrs . munson hmph . dorr perhaps I could offer as a poor but ready substitute a brief poetic recital . though I do not pretend to great oratorical skill , I will happily present , with you lady ' permission , verse from the unquiet mind of Mr. Ed g'allan poe . lump , pancake , and the General sit and awkwardly accept dainty teacup . the Professor rise , spread he hand , and pronounce : dorr ... " lady , thy beauty be to I like that nicean bark of yore ... " close - ups of the various lady , some sip tea or slowly munch biscuit , but all eye glue to the declaim man in the cape . dorr " that gently , o'er a perfume sea the weary , wayworn wanderer bore to he own native shore ... " murmuring Voice : voice amen . a slurp of tea from another quarter . dorr bear on : dorr " on desperate seas long wont to roam , thy hyacinth hair , thy classic face , thy naiad air have bring I home to the glory that be Greece and the grandeur that be Rome ... " a long silence . then , scattered : voice mm-mm . glory hallelujah . a lady hold a teacup turn to the General : lady that be soooome poem . the General stare at she . lady ... you know any ? we hear the front door open and gawain enter , still wear he Lady luck custodial uniform . he look . his Pov : church lady with teacup and he comrade seat among they , also hold teacup and scone . gawain y'all be celebratin ' ?. int . munson house - foyer - later ( evening ) the bustling and chatter lady be just finish leave ; Mrs. munson be see they off at the door . even be gather , and we hear the lonely toot of the distant garbage scow . the man as well stand by the door and , affect good cheer , wave off the depart lady . dorr Goodbye , lady . we have such a pleasant time . Mrs. munson close the door and she manner instantly darken . mrs . munson now , I wanna know what 's goin ' on . dorr yes indeed , and the thirst for knowledge be a very commendable thing . though in this instance , I believe when you hear the explanation , you will laugh riotously , slappin ' you knee and perhaps even wipin ' away a giddy tear , relieved of you former concern . mrs . munson hmph . dorr you see lump here be a enthusiastic collector of indian arrowhead and , have find one simply lie on you cellar floor , a particularly rare artifact of the natchez tribe , he enlist we in a all - out effort to sift through the subsoil in search of other . well , in do so , we apparently hit a motherlode of natural gas -- I myself become acutely aware of the smell of " rotten egg " -- and it be at just this unfortunate moment that the General here violate one of the cardinal rule of this house and light himself a cigarette . the General stiffly bow : general so sorry . the Professor , nodd , smile , and dry-wash he hand , continue to look at Mrs. munson , though he story , apparently , have end . she return he ingratiate look with a stare . mrs . munson ... what about all that money ? dorr 's smile fade . dorr ... ah . the money . the money be ... Mr. pancake 's . pancake that 's right . dorr he only just re-mortgaged he house in order to pay for the procedure that will correct the wander eye of he common - law wife , Mountain Water , who suffer from astygmia and strabismus and a general curdle of the vitreous jelly . Mr. pancake however be a ardent foe of the federal reserve and be in fact one of that eccentrics about whom one occasionally read , hoard he entire life savings either under the proverbial mattress or , as in Mr. pancake 's case , in a hefty bag that be he constant companion . under she stare , he elaborate : dorr ... steel sack . pancake do not trust the bank . never have . she think , decide . mrs . munson this do not smell right . I be callin' sheriff wyner . a chorus of gasp . dorr madam -- if you please . yes ! yes ! it be a lie ! a fantastic tale ! you have we ! Dead to rights ! but please allow I to tell you the truth -- in private . int . munson house - live room - evening he escort she to sit beneath the portrait of othar , sit across from she , and lean confidentially in . dorr madam ... he agonize . the word do not come easy . dorr ... what I be about to reveal to you , you may find ... shocking . Mrs. munson , I must tell you that we be not ... what we appear . mrs . munson mm-hm . dorr we be not in fact musician of the late Renaissance . nor of the early or mid period . we be , in fact ... criminal ! desperate man , madam ! we have tunnele into the nearby office of the Lady luck gambling emporium and have relieved it of its treasure ! mrs . munson Lord have mercy ! dorr it be true that the Lady luck be a de of iniquity , a paint harlot luring people into sin and exciting the vice of greed with she false promise of easy winning . oh , she gain be ill-gotten , yes , but I offer no excuse -- save one ! we man have each pledge half of we share of the booty to a charitable institution -- the General , to a placement service for Southeast asian refugee ; Mr. pancake to the Blue Ridge Parkway conservancy ; and lump to the United jewish appeal . as compensation for use of you house we have plan to donate a full share to Bob Jones University , without burden you with guilty knowledge by inform you of same . but you have wrest the information from I ! now it be all on the table . now you have it , the whole story , the awful truth . mrs . munson stolen money ! dorr yes , yes , shamefully I admit it , yes ! but find the victim , Mrs. munson , I challenge you ! even the casino itself , that riparian gomorra , shall suffer no harm ! it have a insurance company , a financial behemoth that will cheerfully replenish its deplete vault ! that be its function ! and the insurance company itself be make up of ten and ten of thousand of policy - holder so that -- we have do the calculation , Mrs. munson ! -- so that at the end of the day , at the final reckoning , each policy - holder shall have contribute only one penny -- one single solitary cent -- to the satisfaction of this claim . mrs . munson ... just one penny ? dorr think of it , Mrs. munson ! one cent from thousand upon thousand of people so that Bob Jones University can continue on its mission ! why , I have no doubt that , be the policy - holder aware of the existence of that august institution , why , each and every one of they would have volunteer some token amount to the furtherance of its aim ! mrs . munson well that 's prob'ly true ... the Professor , warming , have resume dry - wash he hand : dorr yes madam , sadly , the criminal stain be upon my soul , but the benefit shall accrue to any number of worthy cause . as long , that be , as the secret stay with we . and I , surely , shall not be the one to divulge it . Mrs. munson nod , muse . mrs . munson well ... it 's hard to see the harm in it ... one penny ... her gaze drift around the room , a smile beginning to warm she face . the smile freeze , though , as she look catch on something . her Pov : othar , above the mantle , look down with a disapprove scowl . mrs . munson ... I be sorry , Professor . dorr be take aback : dorr Excuse I , mar 'am ? mrs . munson no . it 's wrong . do not you be leadin ' I into temptation . dorr madam , I must strenuously protest -- mrs . munson no , it 's just plain wrong . stealin ' . I know you intention be good , and I will not call the police if you give the money back . but I gotta see that you do it . dorr madam -- mrs . munson and all a you gotta go to church with I next Sunday . the Professor be incredulous : dorr and ... engage in divine worship ? mrs . munson I make up my mind . you can double - talk all you want , but its church or the county jail . dorr but -- she rise . mrs . munson you think it over . I gotta feed the cat . int . munson house - cellar - night the man all sit around the card table , light from below by a oil lamp . the General be neatly pack the stack of banknote into the sackbutt case . gawain motherfuck ! dorr yes . unfortunately , Mrs. munson have rather complicated the situation -- gawain I know how to discomplicate it ! put a cap in the old lady 's head ! then everything simple again ! the group lapse into silence , consider . even gawain need a moment to digest the horror that he himself have propose . the Professor be solemn : dorr ... not easy to do . many reason . practical one : a quiet neighborhood , a sleepy town . reason of moral repugnance : a harmless woman , a deed conceive and execute in cold blood . no , gawain ; would that it be simple ! gawain well -- fuck , man ! what we gonna do , give the money back and go to church ?! dorr I shudder . I quake . he turn to the General . dorr ... you sir , be a Buddhist . be there not a middle way ? the General grunt as he close the clasp on the sackbutt case full of money : general must float like a leaf on the river of life . and kill old lady . the man murmur . dorr well ... I suppose you be right . it be the active nature of the crime , though , that so horrify -- the squeezing of the trigger , the plunging of the knife . but , think a moment -- look at the other tool we have at hand . he look around . dorr ... we have the cellar . we have masonry and trowel . perhaps we could simply ... immure she . pancake sure , easiest thing in the world . I could whip up a little mortar in one of that snow saucer , lay the brick , anchor in some chain , Mountain have a source for the manacle ... dorr ahh but gentleman , we delude ourselves . think of the woman 's piteous moan as we lay tier upon tier of brick . think of she lamentation as we fit the last brick into place , appeal to we better selve , the higher angel of we nature , we recollection of we own saint mother ... no , I fear that we lack the sand to commit such a act . no ... no ... shortest and most painless be best . let we confront reality . gawain 's gun ... the retort muffle by a pillow ... into the brain ... the affair of a instant . the only question be ... who wield the weapon . he look around the table . silence . no volunteer . dorr ... I believe it be traditional , in such circumstance , to draw straw . pancake well , sure , fair enough . he take a broom lean against the wall , bend back and snap a handful of its bristle . pancake ... I be think , though , that since I lose my finger -- I mean , literally lose it because of that goddamn cat -- maybe I should be excuse from this thing . hard for I to squeeze a trigger anyway -- gawain you one whiney motherfucker ! I squeeze you nutsack you keep that up ! pancake listen , punk -- dorr gentlemen , no special plead , no exception . it 's in the nature of the situation that we would all prefer to be excuse . pancake grumble as he count out five bristle , take one and snap it in half , display the short straw to the group , and then hand the four long and one short to the Professor : pancake well , okay ... it be just a trial balloon ... with a flap of he cape the professor jumble the straw and enclose they in one hand . sweaty close -up . each man stare at the straw . some hesitant , some resolute , they draw : first , the General : long straw . his reaction : impassive . next , lump : long straw . his reaction : relieved . next , pancake . Long straw . pancake Long straw . you all see it . all you fuss over nothing , punk . two straw leave . gawain stare at they , lick he lip . he reach for one straw , touch it , hesitates . gawain ... motherfucker ... he touch the other straw , hesitates . he go back to the first straw , close he hand around it , close he eye , and pull . he lift the straw into frame before he squeeze - shut eye , raise he eyebrow , and slowly open flutter eyelid to look : short straw . the Professor , smile , open he fist to confirm that he hold the last long one . gawain moan . int . munson house - cellar - night pulling he up the stair slowly , slowly , gawain mount the cellar stair . behind he , gather in a semi-circle and look up from the foot of the stair , the other man wait . as he plant one plodd foot in front of the other gawain raise the gun , slide back its primer to make sure there be a round in the chamber , and then slide it shut as he reach the door . int . munson - live room - night in the foreground Mrs. munson sit knitting , hum a old temperance tune . in the background the cellar door swing open . marva munson do not notice ; she knitting needle continue they rhythmic clack . we pull gawain , gun at the ready , as he take slow , cautious step across the floor . we intercut he Pov of the back of the old lady 's head , bow over she knitting . as gawain pass the sofa he pick up a cushion and bury in it he hand hold the gun . he look back up at the old lady . but now , still cautiously approach , he cock he head , he expression bemuse . he Pov near the old lady be now different somehow . the perspective be somewhat lower ; the hum woman sound not quite the same ; the rock chair and the room itself be subtly different . when we CUT back to gawain he be a runty , ten -year-old child walk slowly across the floor ; he be cradling not a gun in a pillow but a squirming little puppy dog . the dog yip ; the woman turn to look at we . it be not Mrs. munson , but another black woman of about the same age . mama what you get there , gawain ? child gawain why -- nothin ' , mama . mama nothin ' my ass ! you get a dog there ! child gawain no , mama ! mama a filthy noisy little pest of a puppy dog gonna shit all over the house ! child gawain he will not shit in the house , mama , I be gonna train he , I promise , gonna train he real good -- whap ! she cuff he on the side of he head . mama I be gonna train you real good ! I tell you do not bring no stray dog into this house ! whap ! another slap . mama ... you wait till you daddy get home , he gonna lay into you proper ! whap ! the little boy , weep , throw he arm around he mother : child gawain please do not hurt I no more ! I love you , mama ! mama daddy gonna kick you ass ! whap ! mama ... bringin ' in a filthy dirty dog ! whap ! gawain 's little brother and sister , draw by the commotion , have gather excitedly to watch . sister mama 's whuppin ' gawain 's ass ! brother ( eagerly ) ai not you gonna use the strap , mama ? whap ! whap ! gawain be sobbing : child gawain please do not hurt I , mama ! now it be the adult gawain blubber . the clack of knitting needle stop and Mrs. munson turn to look . mrs . munson what you doin ' ? what you doin ' with my pillow there ? he surreptitiously slide the gun into he pocket , sniveling : gawain I be sorry , mar 'am , I - - whap ! she cuff he on the side of the head . mrs . munson I be displease with you ! color boy like you , fall in with that trash downstairs ! whap ! mrs . munson ... ashame a yourself ! do not you mama raise you right ! int . munson house - cellar - night gawain be tramping down the stair . gawain I can not do it ! the man be stunne . dorr why ... this be most ... irregular . gawain she remind I of my mama . I can not shoot my mama ! you motherfucker just draw straw again . pancake wait a minute . you have get to accept you responsibility , young man . gawain fuck you . and you irritate bowel . I can not shoot that old lady . general must shoot ! pancake now look here , it 's the easiest thing in the world . pretend she head be a casaba melon , and the gun be a melon - baller , and -- gawain what the fuck you talkin ' about , man ? you think this a melon- baller , you do it , man ! dorr my my , this be most irregular . pancake look , with equal rights come equal responsibility -- dorr I be afraid that Mr. pancake be right , my dear fellow . we can not draw straw again ; the exercise lose all credibility if you show that the loser can simply beg off do the job . general must shoot ! gawain shove the gun toward pancake . gawain she just a old color lady to you -- you do it , man ! pancake why you sniveling little coward ! gawain what you say , you whiney motherfucker ? I come up you irritate ass with this -- motherfuckin ' gun -- he be wave the gun . pancake you think you scare I , you mewl punk ! you do not scare I ! bull connor and all he dog do not scare I ! he shove gawain . pancake ... be a man ! gawain you fuck ! he shove he back . pancake shove : pancake be a man ! gawain you be not no fuckin ' man , fuckin ' a sixty - year - old lady in pigtail ! pancake why you bastard punk ! mountain girl be fifty -three ! they be shove each other now , get into it . pancake ... she could ride you ass to jelly ! he lunge at he with a bear hug and he inertia send both man tumble to the floor , where they roll and wrestle . dorr gentlemen , please ! gawain I see Virginia ham I would rather stick my dick in than you old -- bang ! a muffle gunshot . quiet . the two man have stop roll . they stare at each other where they lie , pancake on top . at length : pancake ... oh my god ... horrify , he slowly rise . pancake ... I think he 's hit ! the man gather round and look down . gawain still stare up at the ceiling . pancake stoops , wave he hand in front of he eye . no reaction . pancake ... I will just check the carotid artery . he check the carotid artery . pancake ... that 's a negative . lump oh , fuck . dorr oh my . lump be he dead , Professor ? pancake sure he 's dead . I check he carotid artery . dorr well this be most irregular . we will need a hefty bag . int . munson house - live room - night the cellar door creaking open . the Professor , lump , and the General peek out . the live room be empty but a sliver of the kitchen be visible ; its light be on , and we can hear water run . dorr hiss : dorr she be in the kitchen . I shall distract she while you steal out with the carcass . int . munson house - kitchen - night dorr enter breezily ; Mrs. munson be at the sink , fill a teapot . dorr position himself so that , to talk to he , Mrs. munson have she back to the live room . dorr well , my dear Mrs. munson , I have outline you position to my colleague and I now return to you to return we collective verdict . mrs . munson mm-hmm . behind she , the General peer around the corner and start a catlike advance across the live room . dorr there be much spirite discussion and a atmosphere of frank give - and - take . some of we number be initially appal at you proposal that we simply return the money ; some be more receptive . mrs . munson I do not care they be receptive or not ! dorr and that attitude , madam , be a factor in we discussion . to a man , I must say , they be devastate at the prospect of not be able to contribute to they respective charity . the General signal to lump who now cross the live room with a big garbage bag sling over one shoulder in a fireman 's carry . mrs . munson well that be a shame . dorr indeed . but at the end of the day , you position prevaile , and the man have decide that we shall return the money -- every last cent of it ! -- and attend Sunday service , rather than spend the remainder of we year waste away in the Mississippi Men 's correctional facility . though that be the original preference of some . mrs . munson well I be glad y'all come to see the light , anyway . I be gonna have some tea and go to bed . the Professor , see that the General and lump have make it out the door , be anxious to wind thing up : dorr so the money shall be return tomorrow at the open of the casino office . enjoy you tea , madam ... back out , he look to one side . through the live room window he can see the hearse pull away from the curb . there be another car -- a old volkswagon microbus -- slowly tooling the opposite way down the street . dorr look back to Mrs. munson . dorr ... and congratulation on have recall to the fold five poor , confuse sheep who have momentarily stray . ext . MISSISSIPPI river - bridge - night we be at the middle of the bridge , the tower gargoyle look blankly down at the doing below . in the misty night lump and the General be brace over the railing , look down , each hold one of the foot that protrude from the hefty bag cinched around gawain 's ankle . a cigarette burn on the General 's lower lip . behind the two man we can see the idling hearse . there be the toot of the garbage scow . lump and the General release gawain 's foot . they Pov show the sack recede and flump into the garbage pile onto the scow that slip by below . a flock of scavenger bird , disturb by the impact , lift off the scow with angry caw . int . munson house - live room - night dorr skulk at a corner of the live room 's picture window , peer out at the street . ext . munson house - night doors Pov the volkswagon microbus again cruise slowly down the street in the same direction as previously ; apparently it have be circle . int . munson house - live room - night the Professor scowl . ext . munson house - night dorry Pov the hearse pull up to the curb . int . munson house - cellar - night the Professor clomp down the cellar stair . pancake be load they digging implement into a satchel . pancake they back yet ? dorr be absent : dorr yes ... yes , they just arrive . pancake straighten from the satchel . pancake good . I will go dump this in the hearse . he mount the stair with a satchel in either hand . we can hear the front door open as the other man enter . dorr , bemuse , but apparently move by a hunch , advance slowly to the sackbutt case . he slide the catch that let its spring clasp pop up . he lift the lid . mother Jones magazine . pile of mother Jones magazine . dorr what in heaven 's name ... he riffle a pile , confirm that it be in fact all magazine , no money . lump and the General be clomping down the stair . dorr ... General ! ext . munson house - night we be pulling Clark down the street , a satchel in either hand . he Pov the microbus , park halfway down the block , ominously idling . the bus we be close on its side - view mirror . someone lean from the driver 's seat for a view into the mirror , and in the mirror we see she , pigtail swinging : Mountain girl . her Pov Clark pancake , still rather small , approach up the empty street . pancake pulling he again . a smile be beginning to play at the corner of he mouth . pancake no extra share , huh ... the smile abruptly fade . he stop in he track for no discernible reason . at length : pancake ... nnnrnf . he pants . behind he , in the deep background , we see the General bound into the street and silently toward we . pancake ... oof ! the moment pass . pancake shake he head , as if to clear it , and resume he walk . he Pov we be near the bus . the bus Mountain girl sit in the idling bus , wait . with a thunk and a gentle rock of the bus , we hear its back door open , and pancake 's voice . pancake Mountain . mountain girl Clark . we hear a oof ! of exertion as pancake hoist each of the two satchel into the back . the oof be follow by : pancake ... nnrungh ! aaarmh ... ninnnff ... offffflleghhll ... mountain girl ibs , dear ? we CUT to : the back of the bus to show pancake be garott by the General . pancake nnnnnmmmmfffgh ! ext . MISSISSIPPI river - bridge - night the tower gargoyle stare sightlessly down . lump and the General be at they accustom place , each hold a foot shod in a large hike boot . behind they we see the hearse idling . near they on the bridge , both hand grasp the railing as he gaze dreamily out into the night , be the Professor . dorr " ... like that nicean bark of yore that gently , of 'er a perfume sea ... " we hear the toot of the boat 's horn and the man drop the body . lump Quick ! grab Clark ! they quickly stoop and grab another bag-swaddled body out of which even larger hike boot protrude . dorr " ... the weary , wayworn wanderer bore ... " they drop the second body . dorr " ... to he own native shore . " we hear the distant flump and the caw of scavenger bird . int . munson house - cellar - night close on a fist with three protrude straw . sweat close - ups : lump pick a long straw : relief . the General pick a short straw . a short grunt . dorr excellent . I believe , at last , we have the right man for the job . int . munson house - mrs . munson's bedroom - night Mrs. munson lie on she back gently snore . at the open window , sheer ripple in the evening breeze . a large clock tick upon the mantle . it be almost one o'clock . int . munson house - live room - night the cellar door it creak open . the General look stealthily out . a cigarette in he mouth plume smoke . he push the door fully open , emerge . int . munson house - mrs . munson's bedroom - night Mrs. munson 's snore catch on a inhale . she mutter something , sigh , and resume snore . int . munson house - staircase - night the General tread lightly , noiselessly , up the stairway lead to the second floor . he slide one hand into he jacket , pull out a garotte . with the faintest whoosh he whip it in a complicated loop and snag the other handle with he other hand . int . munson house - upstair hallway - night the General emerge from the staircase and advance on the close bedroom door . as he reach for the knob he perform the no-hand flip of the burn cigarette into he mouth . int . munson house - mrs . munson's bedroom - night the door swing noiselessly open . the General pause to survey : the still room . the tick clock . Mrs. munson , a large sleep mound upon the bed . the General advance , raise the garotte in both hand . he close on she sleep form . the garotte be lower toward she expose neck . it be a foot -- half a foot -- inches-away ... somewhere a mute gear ratchet and triggers the toll of -- the clock , strike one . it be a cuckoo clock but , instead of a bird emerge , a berobe Jesus come out with he hand rest on the head of a child who gaze up in adoration . the General start at the noise and then suddenly freeze , he eye widen . Jesus retreat back into the clock . the General have swallow he cigarette . he reach up to he throat , panicked . in a silent frenzy , he yank loose he ascot . he gaze wildly about . he reach for the water glass at Mrs. munson 's bedside . he tip it back into he mouth . there be a rattling sound . he Pov the uptilt water glass be send false tooth -- full upper and lower -- rattling toward he face . the general he frantically -- but still noiselessly -- set the glass back down . wildly look about , one hand clamp to he throat . a mad but silent dash for the door . int . munson house - upstair hallway - night plung for the head of the stair -- -- a brief yowl from the cat -- -- recoil from where its tail have be step on , a hiss and a flash of its claw at the General 's leg - - int . munson house - staircase / live room - night -- and he fall down the stair , each thudding impact bounce he body like a rag doll 's . at the bottom of the stair he lie still . a close - up show he head bent at a unnatural angle , unblink eye stare . traces of smoke wisp from each nostril and he open mouth . over the mantle , othar return the dead man 's stare . he look somewhat smug . int . munson house - cellar - night the Professor and lump , respond to the noise , look slowly up toward the ceiling . ext . MISSISSIPPI river - bridge - night the body be laid out in a garbage bag by the rail . the Professor stand look at it , contemplatively . lump stand look at it , contemplatively . the cat sit nearby on its haunch look at it , impassively . the professor muse : dorr ... t'was we até bring we to this pass ... lump what , Professor ? there be the toot ! of a approach scow . dorr 's manner be still absent , he regard still on the corpse : dorr we overween pride ... the old woman be a more potent antagonist than one have imagine ... he rouse himself , go over to the bag corpse . lump follow he and the two man hoist the body over the rail . dorr ... now , lump , I be afraid it fall to you to finish the job . they let the body fall onto the scow pass below . dorr ... the comedy must end . the Professor turn to lump and try to hand he gawain 's gun , but lump , uncomfortable , decline to take it . lump ... Professor , I be do some think . dorr oh dear . oh dear oh dear oh dear . lump maybe she 's right ! maybe we should be go to church ! dorr oh dear , lump . I fear that that would be you word . not that I do not appreciate you give the matter the benefit of you think . but please recall , young man , we respective function in this enterprise . I be a professor , the professor as you yourself so often say , the thinker , the " brain of the operation , " train in fact in the art of cogitation . you , lump , be the goon , the hooligan , the dumb brute whose action must be direct by a higher intelligence . lump yeah , I know , but -- dorr no but , dear boy ! do not repeat the error of think ! now be the moment of praxis ! now , my dear boy , you must act ! lump reluctantly take the gun that the Professor thrust upon he . lump I can not do it , Professor ! a nice old lady like that ! dorr think of the rich , lump , that you and I alone shall divide ! recall the dream of wealth untold that first draw you to this enterprise ! lump but -- dorr and reflect also that if you decline to act , force I to do so , then you shall no longer have any entitlement to the money ! you office shall have be nugatory ! lump you mean -- you mean -- you be gonna kill she ?! dorr of course ! my hand would be force ! lump I can not let you do that , Professor ! a nice old lady like that ! dorr you ?! allow ? not allow ? what presumption ! you stupid boy ! you very very extremely stupid boy ! we hear the toot of a approach scow -- this one very long , sustained under all of the follow : lump oh yeah ? he point the gun at the Professor and -- lump ... well who look stupid now ? -- squeeze -- click -- on a empty chamber . lump ... huh ? he turn the gun to have a look . lump ... no bullet ? he Pov show the foreshortened barrel as he experimentally squeeze the trigger . we CUT to : the Professor on the bang ! and , after a sad shake of he head , CUT back to : lump in time to see he finish toppling back over the rail . the scow-horn end . dorr perhaps ... it have to be thus . he go to the railing to look down . lump , face - up on a pile of garbage , glide away . disturb bird flap upward . the professor muse : dorr " ... lo , in yon brilliant window - niche how statue - like I see thee stand ... " his gaze rise with the ascend bird . among the white gull be one black bird . the Professor eye it as it rise past he . dorr ... hm . a raven ? from very high we look down on the Professor , the black bird rise to perch on the gargoyle on the suspension tower in the foreground . the bird settles on a loose , teeter piece of masonry . back to the professor look at the recede red light on the bridge of the recede scow : dorr " ... the agate lamp within thy hand ... " back high the teeter chunk of masonry tip away and the perchless bird flap off . back to the professor very dreamy : he see something in the distance , beyond time and space : dorr ... ah , psyche ! from the region which be Holy land ! " this be punctuate by the crunching impact of masonry scoring a direct hit on he head . he fall over the rail . his cape snag on the railing and he hang limp and lifeless . directly below he dangle body the stern of lump 's barge be slip away to leave black water and the clanking of chain . the fabric of the Professor 's cape begin to tear . his body drop in fit and start as the fabric give way . finally the body rip free . it fall away from we . as it do so the clanking chain be pull into view the second - banger -- a garbage barge be chain - tow by the recede scow . dorr 's body land neatly on the barge . a gust of wind . the cape flap free of the railing and be wind - toss away amidst the caw bird . the cat , watch , blink . int . munson house - mrs . munson's bedroom - day drinking glass it be rest on the very edge of the night table -- protrude , in fact , past the table 's edge . it be morning . we hear rustling from the bed . hand reach into frame and hesitate , find the glass empty of water and precariously perch . mrs . munson ( o.s. ) hmm . the hand tip the glass and take the tooth . we hear complicated oral noise . ext . munson house - day the door open away to reveal the morning paper lie on the stoop . Mrs. munson lean into frame to pick it up and we adjust as she straighten to have a look : the headline say : $ 2.6 million disappear from lady luck casino . the subhead : police baffle . mrs . munson mm-hm . int . munson house - cellar - day Mrs. munson be walk down the stair . mrs . munson Professor ! she stop midway down and look : the empty cellar . money stack neatly on the card table . Mrs. munson sadly shake she head . mrs . munson ... hmm . could not face the music . ext . saucier municipal build - day Mrs. munson be climb the porch in she Sunday best . she feint at the dog who lie curl in the sun : mrs . munson scoot now ! outa the way ! int . saucier municipal build - day the sheriff be busy on the phone ; there be a deputy today also on the phone . the sheriff , see Mrs. munson enter , cover the phone with one hand . sheriff wyner miz munson . mrs . munson sheriff , I gotta make a statement . sheriff wyner could it possibly wait , mar 'am ? we be a little busy today . mrs . munson I guess it can wait , but it 's about that casino money . the sheriff exchange a significant look with the deputy , then murmur into the phone : sheriff wyner call you right back . he cradle the phone and smile at Mrs. munson . sheriff wyner ... you know something about it ? mrs . munson something ? everything ! I get it at home . sheriff wyner you ... you have what at home , now ? mrs . munson the money . two point six million dollar . down in my root cellar . all stack up nice and neat . sheriff wyner mm-hmm . the deputy pause to look up from he phone : deputy how would it get there , marva ? mrs . munson bunch a desperate man that steal it put it there , that 's how ! they be musician of the Renaissance period , play the sackbutt and so on -- well , it turn out they really could not play , although they could recite poem to break you heart . they ringleader speak in dead tongue . sheriff wyner do he now . mrs . munson I try to get you to see he ! that night ? sheriff wyner oh yes . mrs . munson I have to yell at them ' bout stealin ' all that money and I guess I make them feel pretty bad ' cause they pick up and leave without takin ' the money . but I be peeve with them , sheriff , they would be up to all sort of mischief , come close to blowin ' up the house , disturb othar no end . sheriff wyner angry , be he ? mrs . munson would not you be ? all that racket ! sheriff wyner I expect so . mrs . munson and they let pickle out too ! the sheriff sigh . sheriff wyner so you want we to go fetch he . mrs . munson no , he 's back , but what you want I to do with the money ? sheriff wyner well ... he and the deputy exchange look . the sheriff look back at Mrs. munson . sheriff wyner ... why do not you just keep it , miz munson . mrs . munson keep it ? deputy you keep it , marva . mrs . munson well ... I know it 's only a penny offa everybody 's policy ... sheriff wyner how 's that mar 'am ? mrs . munson I know folk do not much care . could I ... you s' pose I could ... sheriff wyner yes mar 'am ? mrs . munson could I give it all to Bob Jones University ? sheriff wyner that would be nice , mar 'am . she pick up she handbag and head for the door . mrs . munson ... well , long as everybody know . sheriff wyner thank you for the information , mar 'am . mrs . munson you be welcome , sheriff . just doin ' my duty . ext . saucier , MISSISSIPPI - day Mrs. munson be walk home . it be a beautiful spring day . from far off , wafting toward we on the breeze , we can hear the church chorus sing . Mrs. munson join in . she have a strong voice : mrs . munson lean , lean , safe and secure from all harm . lean on Jesus , lean on Jesus , lean on the everlast arm . she turn up the walk to she house . mrs . munson ... what a fellowship , what a peace of mind , safe and secure from all harm . lean on Jesus , lean on Jesus , lean on the everlast arm ... when she open the front door the cat slip out . mrs . munson ... pickle ! it race off down the street . mrs . munson ... pickle ! ext . MISSISSIPPI river - bridge - day pickle scurries along the walkway . we hear the toot ! of a approach scow . the cat reach the middle of the bridge . he stick he head through the bar of the railing . when we CUT close on the cat as he look down at the water , we see that he hold in he mouth a human finger . as the scow pass underneath , the cat open its mouth and let the finger drop . the finger fall away and be barely visible by the time it hit the scow . the cat look up into the lens , and blink . its sideways irise adjust . the scow be glide away . with the low mournful toot of its horn we tilt up the river to the great garbage island where scavenger bird pick through the trash . the end