'' ‘eft cn on by \\ bxt , day : crowued london strert / a endless etream of pedestrian crooad the frane . cut to a shot look through , pedestt inne and reflection of pedestrian of # young man be ese window of '' cotfnm shop , lcoke out at the people past , vale voice , ( v.0 , } se sextoteg se ty stol imaltet - 1 well , tae it of ... we what ' happen , the young man to tall and olin , mid to late twenty , vith dark , long , greasy hair unshaven , we cut to the teide , on the streec . he in ohead as he walk , ies netcavina the week leek waneae voice ( v.0 . ) ( comt 'd ) I would , ah , en my own fer quite '' while by shen I would beconm .. jonely .\.. a wide shot axove / the young\man amidst a bustling oxford Street crowd . '' male voice ( v.0.} [ cowr 'd ) sais bored , noth : to da all day / you see , '' that 's when = begin shadow , '' older male voice { v.0 . ) / shadoue ? male wotcr ( w.0 . ) yeah , shadow , follow . = starce to fellow panale . '' > young =an cut purposefully through the crowd , in alo - older male voice [ v.0.1 who ? male voice ( v.c . ) anyone , 4 atranger , I meen that be the whole point ; follow someone completely at random . anyche who would not know who you ware . ' the young man be stare at somecne fixedly as he sove in slo mo . his poy show we a man 's back : between other pecple , always threazen to lowe we . eti 10 - 0 . '' cloer male voice ( v.0 . ) / '' and then ? '' male voice ( v.0 . ) for ' and then nothing . for we suap : real time . the man 's back disappear into the crowd and cease to follow he . ' the noise of the city cone up 1 ' the man haa come to # virtual standstill . he watch ~ world wash sround he . a older male voice ( v.0 . ) male voich ( v.0 . ) ' asin hae 2 ollow nomebody for a while ck someone elue and follow ee or go home or whatever . the man 's @ dart about , wat : the le around Bin . ) be ecante tow jane the Sea vpale go gently by the flow of pedeacri male voice [ v.0 . ) wry do you , ic ? j / voice ( v.5 . ) fiow can i / expleia ? you eyow pave over to a face . ( ¥.0. | ( cowr 'p ) settle ona pereon , then chat a ind . woe / we fix on a face . '' woman hurry \along male voce iv .9 . ) ( comt'd } ose just ... like ... that ... sbock CUT on the sound of snapping F : int ... night : clase on fingera in front face , ie look different : hair short , clean sha @ plaster cver cne eye , seat opposite at ' that ! tor the young man' , bruise face , a older man . young man tt just become , .. irresistible . 3 . ' the older want consider this before replying . ' older man ( suspicious ) bo you tue e woman ? / / young man for tt waa not some sex at I fonlowgd anyone . just for the sake \just to pee where they go , oey ye be do . ff '' ' older mah _— play secret egent she material to write be follow dissclye tor ext . day : a busy STREET aoe we mah t hairy , ven ) exite a oat eet eee it a man no mn the ite directi 's bt . tall , dark haire he ia carry a ove dark suit vee in a out of other trien , he beg alung 7 ria shoulder , heavy . / yours wan { v.8 . ) ul 'd / , + <f would not let myself follow ' anyone for too long . 1 would not follow 's ( weman after dark , atuff lize thar ae benef just to keep in all the tome wax follow , '' cottage sry be ste at a croaming . ' the lt a they head acrosa the road , the youxg mak besite stigetay 's , dark suit enter charing cross wtation , the young may in pursuit , dark suit cromse the station to the leave 1 office vhere he hand he bag to the ettendant behind the counter and take hie ticket . he head back out of the station . the ' young man follow , dare suit enter a small eeeewey ontaeee two atup . the young mam hang around + before ninety se : eee doorway examine the doorbell . the beile be for flat up above the shop ; moet of the nare arc nec mark , he cross thé road and lock up st the window , but can not see mach ch any of they , young Mt shrug and start to walk a hut he hear a door open behind he and he glance bac gee dark suit ocming out / of a doorway carry another svernl ; bag . young mam ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the it important rule be that even I find out where 8 person work live , I would never follow the eee twice , dark suit look abdut as he come out on to the pavement and the young man ia of : £ 6 suite bett ane suenine to walk in as erpty . the young look aracnd thoughtfully before hurry off around tha corner . the young man rush it ranting but faster chen we have see he wove before . the young man rush into ikg crog station and stand office , wait breathless . the tation , dkecure he view of ' the blowon outeide . the senagert shase be still in he 2 ao he replace in bis innide pocket . the at down into the club , look no , tuhbing he fave . ie err T oth Bu pasaget ph 4 % the young man rush office , wait breathless . the tation , obscure he view of pie sth sake . toe hrovgh commter 's to get a bett ' the ( oung may age dark euit up he first overnight bag . dark suit sling one back over each off threugh the station towards the wundeaford brt of the young man catch a ea a over hie ticket and pick dex before head ck entrance onto ' the young man follow , croee the\ cotbridge , trein rumbling past on the right wide , the sky darken . ' they through che south bank centre bead south , enter residential street as it get dark . dark suit arrive at a avail block of flate and lets\himwelf in . the young wam seea 4 light come on in a third floor window . he makee 4 note of the eddress , turnm and walk away . ' af ty = ' py co 's a ) iy e2t. , bat : outside a rlock of flat IM the west end . ' the young man stare up at the bulide , perplex , dare gutt come cut of the building , a mune | pekcnglw wboulder . as *n walke down the street the toung folicew , the throng of people wash arvung thew . dark suit dive into a cafe . the young mam cone abreast of it and look sheeeee ae window . the cafe be relativiey 1 and ceasonably '' 2 . oark sutt have take '' table . cear the ik , tacing evay from the door . the young han lookn about , take '' deep breath and push open the a sone to the cafe , '' int , , day : cafe , five or six tarle , mostly cocuptrd . tho men reeind the couwyer waring the food , owe waitress squeheing setwany the table . the young man enter . keep : a om dark suit be back , the youe oo shiee bekind aeeny : waitress yeah ? want cofte , black . you ing to take up of table tunch '. one ww over cith just «coffee ? ‘yourho wan and chipe . be look up at the waittvea she 's etill there . / / young mah and a the ... pleane , ' the waitress turn and leave , the young man lodke over to dare suit . '' the sport bag rest beaide dark suit foot . dank suit ent , wf can not ane what . the waitress br. the toung man be food . ite play with it as be consider dark . ' the young wan quip at he coffer . time pass , the other table change . dank soit geta ke he beg and tarn around , move tomard the 'rouwe wane ? i , the young man study he half - eat onlette intently . rst % dark buitio .s. ) mind if I join you ? ' the young mam look up ; oark suit in at he elbow , emile . dark suit alte down without wait for '' reply . dare suit ( matter - of - fact ) who and why ? ' the young man look canfune . the waithess iv at they table . suit ( to waitrmus ) another bl. coffee for I amt ... ' the tourg man shake he head and start to mirmur negative . mier ie , rench ever , ploke up the young man be empty mug and en . dark suit ( to waltceen ) and anothar cofteq ... {he look into the mug ) ose aleo black . ' the waitress leaver , dank suit stare at the young man who Le have trouble return he gase . dare suit you be obviously not '' policeman eo who be and be you follow I ? or a ~ the foung man half - smile ae if he baw pot understand the question , then glance from side to side in a attempt to look uncemprehand . young maw i's sorry ? dark suit '' you have be follow I all morning ... why ? follow ? I be sorry rity absol tae ) idea what '. nve with no you be talk aboat - 7 dark soit ( aggressive do not pise I about . sine ' the the tack be al ' the young han can not think of anything to say . a | fortable allence break by the waitrass bring two coff a oee tee sanaa eye etili on round ) ' thanks . y a " {to young mam ) '' < 4 55 tema een salon + E yuat z he " eat Fe tee you Big eee sheba 's soe dark suit what be you , @ faggot ? young ma mol wo , T , I , t , I 'ma ... look I see you on the street or mte gree gy pela ee aang doone g4 mago ae with= to tell the truth I think you be he , so I follow you and come in here - 1 come in here ' com ft ves hangry - but + od to wee if it be he ... dare suty stare at he , young man ( fade ) «+e bot it be not . dare gutt why do not you just ask I when you see a ? ou ; man I would have be ombarasw . care suit ( emide ) mot as esberasve as you be now , yours prl aonent nervously } no , I muppoe not dake suit aipe at he coffee . the youno man follow sult . dank suit what 's you sane ? young mam ail . dark suit nallon . dare guit woll , " mill " ... what do you dor young wast actually , tom kind of - dark suit '' between job right now " . ' that 's cight . dare suit what yould you do ? toung nam T do not know . dark sust ( emile ) do not be , '' blll * . there must be some burn ambition eat away at you . yow ute lind senet kind of row pur tring , britt ? no . oam sult wo ? young mah wo . dark suit painter ? young man to , '' ' pant sort photo ? '' roume tout Mo dame sutt pilne ? ' young . kan to . oark guyt weiter ? af young mam ( slight pause ) dare suit meriter , se ? younc mam no . dare suit but you write ? ' youmc wus mot really . wot 4 oe suit but acvetian ? voun wut sopetine , who doee not ? dark sort {peuse ) we. of you be a writer . young man tt do not aay that . what make you think that I 's '' writer anyway ? fm educate iuisoplay € yhoasthing whe fancy twent : himeelf a writer ... '' real leap inte the unknown . tong mam mell , I be mot @ writer , dank suit but you be interested in people . young man yeah . care suit ' thies person ? young maw I suppose - oak sutt you have not even ask ay name . toons wan what 's you ~ oark suit qc what 's in my bag . '' young mam bag ? oak suit ( qewture at hie foot ) my beg . the one you have be stare at . thece iu '' pauve during which dark suit stare chall . ly at i thoughtful , ee the young mak , who I undecided . ( e whet *n you nean : anid : what '6 lo yoee bag ? fag ) ( hk dark suit emilee , and reach down for hie bag . i 's dare suit } ( dump beg on table ) ny fame 's cobb . take '' look for yourself , ' the young mah pause , cont , he reach forward and pull the hoe sonoed che sibine an-eaanga it and peer inside . ' the young man look purrle . comm grin , ioside the be c.d. an beneath then the young man erate saa seuctiny waa ain the heckn ae ae con , pu ls cobb ( smile ) what be you expect , druga ? young man ' they be yours ? whey at ns cord ( laugh ) ' yous man why would you take they old cde ? conn | easy to grab @ load , wany to well , totally untraceable . a good staple . the other ptutt 's a lot more tricky , for more unpredictable . , toumg man | you do not look like '' burglar . coun sound like a compl inent . ' the young man shrug and emile , rip yp the baq . cobb ( grin broadly ) subscwcbed want '' i wp the etaice and stop outside the door . man ( he haw 1 hair and be unghaven ) follow . pabind cous , look ver coss 's ahabider as be axaminas ingerly oc the door . after a ae he reach into : ft and turn to the young han . cona ( whisper ) / '' ( whiaper , reach inte he start work it into the iz if '¢ the hallmay of tue flat , wo light ~ cold daylight leave ' through met curtain . ider . comb open the door and head inside , the young '' wan follow . aw . con iy han at " they advance , they open go ] anaide wear Light into the livay Mt the oad of tha hall come tern fece the toung man . con as epeak norna : ! '' see phe home . right ! fleet thing ticece we neod . * ' we et \a ( whieper ) '' com B carry the eteff out of here , why be you whisper ? con pass '' door off to the leave . sani : aye tm mano of tue rlat . a tuton , two ple of book and seatly fold clothes by the wall , coma the roum to the firet wardrobe and open it , rummage botte . ( head in wardrobe ) ringo . cobd back cut of the clutchiog # soft oversight bag . do not you have you own ? coma the side o.bsccc whet aerpen gang no seer the young kan look around and shrug . comm hot mach in bere of any value . '' young man '' you do not seam too concerned , 'o copa there 's ) be some go wtaff in the live T do not do lt for the money , anyvay , young man so why - cone ievornvend to the young man raise hin eyebrow . '' '' the adrenalin , and because , like yoo , I be people , con '' tou can tell a lot about from thelr stuff , flow '' old would you aay this be ? ' the young ma shrug . young man be nre only 20 could have Li Shee the ee they be live look at the book . ka , taye scat potaby wen the be 21 or wouldn * sit doveh the cite : secbeiter vesl ae loast the last year of college . get a better idea from they misic . cobb move to the + and reach into hin pocket . palle oye pir of ince entlonhaoy then ep for the tome ee . they from the last place , two young a flat . day : the maliway carry the bag , the toung ma comb walk down the corridor behind he , why do you do that ? {over he shoulder ) % she will find thes ln he trousers apd want to know whose they be . wat wyotin oe em po fae olebmag ? about to faoe the young kan eo abruptly that '' thece be a manic look in comme by . we ( deadly serious ) ' the young Le hiesa , cobb turn and from in front of hin have can son a be tous grin break scrow hie face which be hide from the hss bee chee 8 semana the corr take '' corkscrew out of the and start to open the bottle , he hand amooth and ical , almost = iy thelr white latex sheatha . UN crane comm ( lever the cork but ) you would have trouble do this you glove on , comb place the corkscrew on the counter pour two asen gf wine , hand one to the young man vhe ih it . pick up the corkscrew and start to remove the trom it . ' toung mam nomeone " 's life , find out who 1 it - wtavd in eomona 's thelr wine , someone you 's ) never even 3 frosen , tend , atare at the door . the young giasc frum ths beck of cabb 's hace the ( tense whioper ) coun ( bima ) cobb 's face tratmfornme into a hoo . the woman see they and frease . ( frleadly , relaxed ) you etartle uel eat from the agency or be you '' as he apeake he haw move jbo the wasan , coml : lose enough thet she feel sine peak aee into the hall . the young man follow , look — — but the woman 's attention be on cobb . = sot yo = wohad enone confuse ) { what be you do ie my flat ? y marry , sink omy date see tine . woman come into the hall fol : by the young man , he attention the the older man who stand froren in hall , look as nervous as the young man . cone the the woran ) '' view Lt. she ogeak wale you would be ot thie étterseen : cobb the '' ( hewlider ) ee not mow , conn ( the older man , ' log woman ) you it be the man of the house . you have a lovely hose . older aan nervogsly to the woma . the young man and the door . the wonan notice they qlove , cobb notice she notice , £ ahowld check with the agant\ then bother you . , cobb leave , close the door in the 'o bewilder face . pes sascicnm ' the young man come out of a doorway onto\the flat roof , lov. sorry to have sar wo ing , follow by cobb . cobb close the door behind he . x shipala n‘e have come beck wp here , well row to jalt '' age before we go down . there 's another way off '' ee a toons kan yeeue abit . you think they bellere pou ? '' cone of churse they do not tucking believe I ! ' roawe mas so what udid - 1 jone contvaed this pe cneght thes on the hop . fom do you aman om sin sa shop ele occ why de sas prabshig pias sku cd wosea't har maperiaa , young jour you reckon ? c comm seg it I be bot # 0 sure . ( offended ) oh yeah ? well eext time you can do the prep work , young man 3 do not mean that - cous I be merious . you pick a mark , check it out to you gatiafaction - ont eame oren ) shae rrmnot ort ee tee what we will hit next '' young man theyght full tesh . yoah , alcight . ' e ah ) tell you whet . what ? a 1 feel bed aboot pull bloke ~ ahe " il give hie '' sore ses ager uray sr that 's verewlog around . ' the young man laugh , celeauing tension . * as dusk ) entrance to a basement bar / club . peel or comic oe pray eet peuse , lock babind herself it pomewteve es a low . she goea down the stair into the ' the young mah ( short hair , clean whaven ) on entrance , pause , uncertain . the lookn about , then 4 p int . , dome : bamement nar / club . 2 aid bar , booth and tablew , eualo . ' the young man enter . ' the place iv not full , the lown the seat at the bar , she watch the young mam comm in , then look away , unintarested . ' the 1 man the ber , lean om it several place oye . '' she be chiivious to hia $ a the bexvoeder : we eye. a ss a piet Sea ae ISS hee the bartender bong phone , shutti over and enquicingly at the peo foua son " of ' thk dlonde ( etariuy ahond ) yeah , but you can not sleep vith se . Tho young man emíle quixtically . young han why not ? ' the blonde turn to look at he , a movement of the head , nothing aloe , she qapreasion hard to reed . ' thr blonde T 's with he , sho jerk she head behind they , the young mam turn , see theee fan seat at a table across the room , papers on the table , & srret hy fes cs nostonen : fulte , tie , two of they young , ana met that Said uner eine beck ) a the alowor sei ht et vee bey a0 '' drink , dut sen ie out of the youna man I eee , the flonne still want to buy I that drink ? ish sneer , the blonde laugh . the young man mip frome hie ie . youn mux be what 's '' beautiful yeong woman like you do - the blowon in # place like this ? toung mab with '' bell old cunt like that . leng story . Sean eae down , he owne thie place , young mam just try to get you attention , you be intereated how be not you ? es ' the blonde ( turn avay ) the young kam be divarm . I look at tha label of he beer for something to say . wig , i ) ee san i'n timate bace - — - tie to my friend . a ' the blonde ( without look to bil ) ' the young mam open hin mouth wed off , hut change he he aitd batore he spaak , ce 4 young han ( noftly } you have cbviowely have a bad day , one of that day vhich pinay 18 feu ) that everybody 's out for thei pound of nomeone " 's life , find out who 1 it - wtavd in eomona 's thelr wine , someone you 's ) never even 3 frosen , tend , atare at the door . the young giasc frum ths beck of cabb 's hace the ( tense whioper ) coun ( bima ) cobb 's face tratmfornme into a hoo . the woman see they and frease . ( frleadly , relaxed ) you etartle uel eat from the agency or be you '' as he apeake he haw move jbo the wasan , coml : lose enough thet she feel sine peak aee into the hall . the young man follow , look — — but the woman 's attention be on cobb . = sot yo = wohad enone confuse ) { what be you do ie my flat ? y marry , sink omy date see tine . woman come into the hall fol : by the young man , he attention the the older man who stand froren in hall , look as nervous as the young man . cone the the woran ) '' view Lt. she ogeak wale you would be ot thie étterseen : cobb the '' ( hewlider ) ee not mow , conn ( the older man , ' log woman ) you it be the man of the house . you have a lovely hose . older aan nervogsly to the woma . the young man and the door . the wonan notice they qlove , cobb notice she notice , £ ahowld check with the agant\ then bother you . , cobb leave , close the door in the 'o bewilder face . pes sascicnm ' the young man come out of a doorway onto\the flat roof , lov. sorry to have siive ' yt gt tt ' try , follow by cobb . cobb close the door behind he , cose '' should not have come back hare , we will have to wait '' jock before we go down , there 's another way off be sae a a the hs ‘wu and 'w ht chey eer you '' cone ot churse they do not tuehiog believe be ! '' tou mam so what ' do - '' coup 1 just contuwe they . we catch thew on the hop . ' young man flow do you mean ? conn tish esoy mevekhude each waren do think he do not ble bod no ahe saa proueblg giad tale to canenrt as 2 younis I you reckon ? comp ey ny sine would be home from work in the the afternoon ? just can not plan for that hind of shit , have be unlucky , do not be put off . it * qhaing to happen sext tise . conn ( ottend ) oh yeah ? well next tise you can do the prep work . young mam 1 do not mean that - come '' i be werious . you pick a mark , cheok it cut to you own satisfaction day , montha , yeare , whatever ~ and that 'o what we will ait mext . '' young - a ( theaght fully ) yeah . youh , alcight . ob tell you what . young what ? = conn I fwel bad about pull the panty routine bloke - she all ginttin'e load of hit , and fe ber that 's serewlng + ' the young man laugh , releda tension , oe * ext . , ovnr : entrance to a dasemewt rar / cliub . fee es serrouaneny goot . 2 behind herself a if ek of be follow . she qoe the staire into the elub , ' the young man ( short hair , clean shaven ) the entrance , paupe , uncertain . we look» about , then dive be . > uf . dusk : dasemeit bar / clud . > nide bur , booth and table , ' the young man enter . the place iv not full , the higndh ie seat at the bar , she watch the young kan coon in , then look weay , uninterested . the ¥' man a ) the ber , on it several placer see rare the siiaan etnaciae ck : kor of the corner of hia she be be the barteoder who from '' bat she look unhappy . the barte up the phone , shuffles over and look enquiringly at the toung kan . for ' young han ) & movement of the heed , nothing i : ase the og ke mita af ! + 3 sigh @ Le pial boia rie ip é ez T 's with he , i , thy talk business , suit , tie , two of they young , one middle - age and bald aan . tour man ( turn back ) mot thet bald one ? the alonoh he will tet you buy I a drink , but sex be owt of the question . young man T eee , ' tre blonde still want to buy I that drink ? young man Mo , right answer , the blonde laugh . the young wan wipe from he young mam of what *s a beautiful young woman like you do - the to @ place like this ? toung han with a bald old cunt like that . ' thr blondr lang story . keep you volce down , he ovne this place . young mam just try to get you attention , you be intereated how be not you ? es ' the blonde ( turn avay ) the young kam be divarm . I look at tha label of he beer for something to say . wig , i ) ee san i'n timate bace - — - tie to my friend . a ' the blonde ( without look to bil ) ' the young mam open hin mouth wed off , hut change he he aitd batore he spaak , ce 4 young han ( noftly } you have cbviowely have a bad day , one of that day vhich pinay 18 feu ) that everybody 's out for thei pound of '' ' the blowdk turn to look at hia , she expreesion softer , but not blonde ( alow , consider delivery ) that at be the kind of day I have be have lately . tae sie sheveed wit et nha saesak et mele : eye soueed bare : gaedy ie vetahing then the buooh ( look back to yh ) say something to I . ; youn man quch ee ? the mlonde elapse the toung wan hard across the fece . ie look shocked . the blonde { secoiee . to she drink ) t'lt be cutelde minate . 7 : ext. , night : ewtnance to cm . ~ the young ma be loitering outside . Si s58 blonde conse ap , of the club and walke\towarde the yound man the to even notice he . fall into step thout appear . she . they t speak for several pece ' tht blowor '' live close ? p y rc J 1 Le as iwe . , wight : a livino room ~ SMALL bclectic mix of gtufr. rubber plant , table t.v. , desk , portable stereo . the blonde circle che toom slowly , look at various item , she overceat atill on . ' the youny mah entere ( he haw short hair and be elusn shaven ) , carry two glass . eeinrdy be the blonde have not hear he come iu , he wal she from the sereuny : 08 ane eonphee out to touch a altting oe '' high helt . as she touch the it fall into guo piece , as she grabe at then she not the young want watch . tre rlorde flustered ) i be worry , 1 just touch it , it ~ yours mah just come apart in you hand . the blomdk Mo , rwally , it do , the young man amile ae he move into the room , 1 know , 1 hice toelen somebody drop it , T i , lt wom 5 wae golng to glue it ... ( ha qrabe two piece ft the qlasaea gove on the shelf 's in sheir place} . leg 4c , 2 °21 never get around to it . the young man drop the piece into '' waste paper basket . ' the young man amile ae he move inte the room . 7 know , be ge : " the glass down on the shelf in they it , 2 °l ) oever get around ' the young man drop the piece into '' waste paper basket . young man ( geetur ! it chair ) '' ; in ing at ' the bloude perches on the edge\of a chair , she cost #till on . tha young san take a bottle outvof 's plastic bag , open it and your pan beneueee - the hand tha blonde '' drink . bhe sip at %. she look cold . '' '' blood ( matter - of - fact ) throne tig i os ata mic a over for '' long tine young wan so why did\you tell I you ware with he ? to get rid of you . roumc man ( ge grin ) so when decide to @ drink with mar , why do have have come , here ? ' blonde La pober to jelous , he 's '' dani cam eg bee ow weet uel = eel that aay have et person . a why not ? ' blonde 1 be burgle yeotepday . really ? what do it feel like , to find you pl . oe aoe break into ? '' : slonde soak aa 00s qieatlon . host people ask '' what do they yours man i be curious about the way people feel aboot thing . in move to the desk , sevenine # 8 0 mask : cose : wolch sitet 's adnort crap the papers and 4 om to 1 lent ame wet 1 we reveal a ancient manual typewriter ) gee ? monde ( deadpan ) gowh . young man bor blonue s07 young mam mow do it foal ? blonde | od ) great . tow do you think it feel .? I do not really want to talk about it thank you , wine ah the young man . young man sorcy . the young man straddle the chair vaich 1a in front of the desk . le lean in towards the blande , '' young pou so the bald qup 's dangerous ? blonde | laugh ) Christ , you be a posy bastard . youwa man dangexous ike how ? sunpiinn sthe extatnas it type , involve with have thing type dangerous . what surt of bad ' the usual ; girle , = see | and he own a couple of yours run woalthy ? '' tet det ardamt teat loge satis yours mam what ort of thing ? '' wlcode perhaps another time , for think I would better be go . aor yo black |? rpm. , day : cate + ' the young han site alone at 4 table by the window , watch the building oppogite . he have short hair and weare sunglasues to hide seeieten of he feclai krulen , but he swollen lip be still ie . im front of he om the table be a cup of coffee , '' notebook a pen . ne alp at the coffer . '' ext , , oay : gffice busloing - young man be £.0.¥. fnim thm cafe . baldy exit the building and halle = taxi , ue , day ! cape . ' the toung mah open the notebook and write in it , and wor - fade to black , ~o mave , bat ! live room - bmall , bsclectic mix of sturr . the y rig three at the wintow , . x 4 ) peas by on the trove below . he have / a pa bruleed be pick the telephone and dial '' qumber . atte : eee ! bes the pace io ancvacelcbyo mas on miner set z % = coma ( orme ) yeah ? yours want th's mm ... bed . '' ' com ( e.e1 what the fuck do you want ? : too we jan a paune . conn on what ? ' youn tout the job. cosa ( ora . ) what fuck job ? / young man tha one 1 ask you about . et ] ( o.a. ) not intereated , toung man ( anort ) | I gather that . I be do it on my own , I wonder about , protection . conn ( ova ) Protection ? '' young war gelf -defence , of some sort . eg I T thoaght you i aistcateee cobb laughw at the other end of the phone . cone - ~~ ( 0.8. steel whip searainiet ey len xe + tool goods sharpen screvdriver , hammer , chisel ~ be youms mam Hammer ? con yeah , median al ged he door with ie . b aire + get '' claw hammer you ' can ae : lip i '' fate the back of you waig + you be eet the man 's have for i yore : eye qiaze over he do not weew to be {o.8 . ) you atill there ? ' the young man hange ap without '' word , and wer fade to black . arn 's ea. emit sian | and the he hae lo hair and be woehaven ) eat pine | oe es eg et sais ts the young man 's leather glove . for '' comb \\ why do not you get some of thwen , for Christ 's sake ? '' yours woere do you get thea ? '' con St '' bow from the middlesex Hospital , but yoo can cobb bend down sind check under the doormat . he straighten up , bold a key . '' aing-tuoking-go. 's / I anlock the door aod they step cautiously inside . vou , day : testpe yeu via : ven dum cet sallhay , obb proceed sloul : push sock interior eat nen bereta iy de aw malic goot al see ele you find '' beg , I will check out the stuff . '' tt , , day ! the live room , a small room with a eclectic wix of stuff ; rubber plant , portable t.v. , desk , portable ateree . cath eater and clrclen around the oct , rune he glove bande actoss the mantleplace , rubber plant leave , ete .. he yoel , mal entero carry 0 siete bes , young wan Hare we go . cone elena : no nipaett ) ' that ves wo nay not need it ... ree ( he look at the young man ) there 's fock~all here , ' tight on the young man 's face ; ha 's really laer '' youn man '' on? '' : {eareagtioy ob. ' the . cobb ST wously . lowk around previe «rcend the coon '' youn san khet sbost the stereoz 1.2 cobh hae stop at pine a apivee - moar he shoulder be '' gérasio camllestick , oo camiin in mo vais een tor a secondhand , ten ie forse want the carry it , you san as . in ie ne urelase . cobb se the candiee 's off the shelf and onto the floor , it deek two when it the floor . ' yoour man ( ourprive ) hey , what be we - yandale or burglar ? you be '' burglar ) , 8 bn burgie . ‘virus mam well ... what about tie c.d , " a ? cobb crowas to the amall cyd , rack . come ‘( isterested wot much of & collection , vm mis bie ( draw bie out oh ? '' y om alee through 0.4 ! o.d. 'o very little here . and wha’ soema ' ati personal , young man '' now 's that ? '' comp ' thare 's none of the music that people play vhes thelr friend come round , you know , pg listen to or even cotloe bot to c123 the gepe in . touwg man '' like what ? cone ( glance around room ) Fox somone this age ... be ele meat i . ' young mah the 's qood taste ? corb moven over to the déak . '' cone teak ge : bae wae bus bao oe reet : wsr a ea '' the young man raise bis eyebrow , at the desk cobb flip ppen a black case to penestien anclent typewriter . '' '' com mice machine . '' ‘\wonwa wat you think he 's '' yriter ? ucom \_ neeaff ) if he want to write he would have & Word processor . ile do not want to write , he want to be # writer - and that 's two ... '' vee two completely aster thls . turna to young man ) you check this out , it ? right . se '' oo esegheisee sansa anne ( ive ) I tell you , 1 check it out , cobb turna to the desk and stare at it , . com this guy 's unemployed , '' bata young nai 1 no it . yi «he bi ) we '' dak ook ah this deat le with jobe bearcteace this chit ke tenis ilvisy \\ ete . die ange Lee have c be . eee '' anh be sethe ant seating coneoat om '' youn wan ( concerned ) the will not , I wateh hin come and go , he 's get a job , a '' ' a what 's he do , then ? '' ion man ( insistent ) : ened ie out cobb atope rummage , turn around and glare at the young man . ( malevolent ) what the fuck ie this , then ? cahb hold up '' booklet , conn ( control anger ) you should recomuize this , dole-boy .+. ( step forward ) cookie fuck \n.b.40 , cobb grabe the young san and throw hin against the wall , codb hold the man 's es lote ns gk sie tn booklet across it the + hard . checked it oat ! you be to get se throm in jullt merre leeriag nove beer eat ee tenet stare at he far @ few second before wal out not : sro sn ne senet : sar : sire hin face natan tilsecion prr. , day : ' HH mall . '' fie. roeny ( a hereon , atte coby welle , aluge : at the freee . '' young man be not we golng to take mala con we 'te qolng now . I do not steai | ere novhope dole acroungern . no offence , yous May '' , ( to himself ) mone take . cobb open the front dour and turne to face the approach young man , ' . con there 's anothér place . one that live check out ... ' thay leave , close the nod , behind thas . faoe to black mo 2 ) eer . dat : bow of trraackd tommroumed . pfibr frase hr po batty sate ahan shaman lolter at the blonde 's second - floor window . the curtelna be palt back to reve ! the blonde . she stand at the vindow . the door open and baidy stupe out , ' the young man watch baldy a he walk down the wtep onto the see ane turn right , away from the young man . man vaita for '' few seound hefere walk up to and ine the blonde 's buerer . ' the front door ae hin be gaaetee '' Act Sf se , oan dat ! '' the galeway a , mr wlakor 's plat . come up to the deor and knock , thn door push upeetalightly with the force of the knock . ' tur blonde ( o.8. , from within ) tthe opent ' tha young man ueater : fae , onty ub uaLa on a lance apa noise of a shower steam coming out of a OPEN doonwat . the young nan down the hall , cautiously . the blonde come out of a doorway @ bathrobe , glance at young man . '' the slonor you be early . she disappear into the bathroom before the young man bas '' chance to reply . '' ie rth make yourself at home , 1/11 be '' ainute . ' the young man come down corridor . as he come past the bathroom he see that ehe eaiy halt elooe the door > he in , but only '' rail and steam , I go through gicwewe '' < darl we ie ee ete still in hee robe , saa va ie ig hes '' '' bice place . weak fel rete abkt seve oe the couch ) thanks . for can not stand = soon utranger want in here , rummage yan what would they take ? blonde player , cde , stuff like that . i eae see eee ee bae sornscey it in = ie I that that 's pretty standard . . '' 4 '' um ying uf ons toung kan must be bad ~ low that stuff . blomoh ferrugates ) tnauranoe 's ) ) cover it . pernenal atuff be worse . yours : porepnel stasi ? of thay take soe of ny tina . they rifle through my underwear . '' \\ vound max probably theugnigee boot valuable hide there . ' the blonde '' nehake she head with '' evident distaste ) ' they take some of it . ) ook shit . why would thay de that ag ( Ho . wo , mu , n0 .. - 1 be not into t kind of . oon T so you hove oo interest in woman 's undervear , whateoever ? '' toung mai '' wo , I be interested ln what 's inside ft , that 's all . p at sher 6 so if 1 offer oe t pantl , woulda of you '' ° oe , you a3 be remotely mel '' , . ' yeaid not , though I lowel , '' co eee tee ee ane + now have '' embarass I enough than . ! ' the blonde tng ) well , they tock «ome . t'1 what # 1 '' '' one of my earring = cet the palst soot oot a ' in of esarcing . bieody annoying . you have jest valepiae it . ' tae blonde to £ dae whee the wae = they ts ut ... it to fuck amneriet they y think they leave on the blowde [ 6 's make feel good amd alserable . I do not know , giver I the talk about , anyway . the blonde aigh look over to the window . tur glowor ( rieing ) give I a ae tell get dress . he fan pause at the door , ee 4 crack and through be . ay ome aeowoon the young man 's Pov through the cragk show we the blonde alsont dress , buttoalng har blouse in of the mirror . ' the young man watch for a secofd or two then push the door open quietly . ' the blonde turn she head to look at bin , apparently she pan ' the young #an sove towards she , gh alin taa 'te sink wok and re i ~ > ~ pull ber tovard hin , I kisnod har on the lip and wer ss pane 70 black x be 4 ext . day ! ofpice build in soho ' the young man leiterce outside . the have short hair and weace dark gass . ye ' they hail '' cab and the young man wander down a ren down the aide of the building . we take a piece of per out of hie pocket en which 4 rough floor plan have be drayn . bine gg asc eat down the side of the '. pin peel winge to study it . fe look . pute the paper date hig poeket and walk beck out onto the main streot . , hive . gay : bedroom : bmall , dark , cluttered ' the. enter carry 's paper . fe remove hi ung ! os sadenliang hie eathes I . young Ban tosen the bag ente the bed , then reach eat the breast tee ale wait jacket and pulle out @ pair of rubber aurgloalq ) ay thn a star desi oem , a se the eame with the second , interlace he finger to pere hice tie peer : fin , teovton ieahd sev penmet vith mn a new e seer ele asa wroteon to ae ~\ fk z 3 4 sl ore wk ose / with hiemcl uidcematt s4ot '' ser qi 6 ) ' . wn : es validate mei ak mae eanl lirtiaz 28 visinle '' in the gloom . all 18 qutet , suddenly '' eplinter crash break the silence and the front door inward , revealing cobb and the young man ( long hair , unshaven ) , piava on , glance about nervously . cautiously , they creap into the flat . cobh mbute the door behind they , the ad , sitiee aer no oe De eee deor , opill @ cold , diffuse light into the hall , young man opan the wext door slong and look in and we '' cur to : - '' 40 wr. day : the liver room , youn man' pow : expemetvely ad tastefully oucoratrd , almost cluttered - lot of picture on the wall , lot of plant ' the young man stop heck into the hall . er. pave I want ' the young man look over at cob , young man ( whisper loud : not bed at alle a cobb turn to 1 ovk at hie . rm cheak the eo. you check cet the etutt . ' the young man nod and paases\into the live room +» day : the live room '' ' the young man antere and cross the the oentre of the large room , lie turn around , sci the plaster oy ana vn han some rak in furniture stereo , the man approach , at the photograph above the anai of acamare= it ie the bieode look serious . cobb turna to the chest of and rummages sroutnd . '' T have not find '' boy yee fae rome minute pote up beste Cole ' sit leak ste tee ett ks de full of silk pant : 5 : soh cummege cheong shem . be. leeke ks caer ecnee a sb. S fence seagpea ae ba any ring oes - ' this be she flat ? ' corb yeah , and ebe 'e a fox . ' toons man dut she 's get picture of herself everywhere . coub yoah , and she look good . check this lot out . cobb nod bis heed at the underwear . the ean hesitates and w& see the picture of the blond lock down at he . ' comm yoy should take some . '' '' oun Mat what ?t Ho way . buit yourself . have ering to , share '' babe . cobb stuff of Li of silk into he pocket and seven avay from the chest of en . ) the seeng sm siunpee ge case see ewittly pocket some oe when have turn he back , the young man stare up away . e '' * ringo . '' ' the ‘an turn to\ see cobb displey '' 4 lw leather holdall . turn and Pointe at a pair of on the dresser . se pick just fat raed dye '. inte the ball . ' ' ges oe are of bebe . qnilivrays '' - , daw : thr live oom . the young man ie atuff ¢.4 . not into the leather heldall . cobb ie slump in '' large arecheic , watch . ' the young san straighten up . '' {vithout tarning round ) why do she have # 0 many ploturer of horwelf ? cobb looke around the room , con 1 think who 's a model , cortainly '' vaio , tthe young man slip the paauport photo off the desk and into he + cobb sal ay sit ale avoid make eye himself , the young man turn around , fe. contact with cobb . ' — yy '' toung mam ' thay about it ? cobb look ladily over the room : taiar that cover the useful stuff , cobb haula himeal’t out of he comfortable chair with '' groan . '' het 's qo . '' cobb holde up the strgte pearl earring . ( alechevious ) rth just a this for she , — - pelle the loeek ee on oe pow arwchsir , place the earring the chair , lece the cushion . '' %. gay : a row of ' townnnouse - cobb and the young man oxi ! apie of the frowt doare , the young man carry '' full leather ell . tern down the Si , eastanl ae hactceam gintlome ' the young man hand hold - all , take a tieket and offer it to com ( rafuae the ticket ) tt want you job , you hang oute the stuff . bea temmaricn - no will soreuess '' know will be teady to fenow it . of 6 sia young mah | right . sobb look thoughtfully at the young man . ( seductive , draw he in unless of course ace ih st if and just course you wa : we. oe . re eee eee ae ee fer its tourg man would not eee how to go ont ite ' corr 'o about be ! iore sus ou beek , Fe chek saat : slase seamen meee pet I at ciak , it 's dangerous they 's atop . unsuce how to pavdeed . a early eupper , T thi oune look , I really can not ator com , ( ami ling ) it 's cover , ww 4 iwt . , might ! a restaurant , formal , expensive , white < imen , the young san ant the hleada be sest at '' table in one corner ; cozy , intimate . they be have coffee . ' the slonon tow wae you food . nae ( leck down ) Fine . ' tie blo so what be it ? young mar tou chowe this cesteucant because you know we would not fun into he here . ' the blowne fe ? young man you say it wae over betwean the two of you . thd bloede it de . x yoous mah ' thea why - '' tue mown 1 ale sald thet he 's . the young man look at she inploringly ? — ~ ) ( plty but lapatient . pine . a example , be come back to the - my clat= with a et the reed vho ween the nie wat go to napeea slate later , arrive ... W ? tnt . , day : the blowde's flat , front mall , a beavy~eet man open the door to '' smaller san , and motion he seiane Son riviere selec tv.o.} + ++ you do not need to know who he be or anything about he except that he have cheat they wut of som thelr money . `s ase # iwt. , day : run wlowo lat , arvina noo . the blonde alte nis armohaiz , smoking , nervous , baldy and '' heavy - set imin welcome the smaller nan | a sate '' bd ( win ) ose just money , I all . a jer man and force he to the frown , steading hie no aime or cee riss pin hie yetete the mri slap hee eae iet mente $ ote up e leave , baldy eat at a polate I wae be utwe peay ! stay . wateh , the blende st at the door and turn baldy starte wmash all / of the smaller man 's finger 2 , the blonde close she eye and press she face axnat the door frame a af sho 's try to batsoe ber way ante stay . watch . the blieade at the door and turn arouhd . aldy atarte amanh all / of the amaller man 's finger in tata . '' ' the blonde close ber eye and press she face against the door frame as df she 's try to batrow she way out '' cur 02 , vv x. bight ; restaurt . the youty man listen intently . nepus utm pacey ! '' maloy — _ — the blonde . the amash all of hie finyer ... then be split hin head '' '' cor to : i 1ir. , day : the biomur 's live roca y las baldy grunt 4e he bring " the haxeer down sharply . baldy stenda up and drope the haemer . there in blood . '' ww '' the blonde de.ery . i h of balgy give awa tucking tea-towel or something . cur Tor ses int . , might : the aeptarramt . the man ie speechlous . the blonde sip at hur coffee before contina . the blonde dangerous enough for you ? young wan Te it true ? the blonde ten. young man cheiet , you do not pee he any sore ? ' the blonde / ( deadpan ) after he mess up ey rug like that ? toung man - that 's not funny . '' '' tog they tint towne ir up ~ 2 / wa have they both aip they coffee . the young aun look thoughtfully at be ) yor maid 0 how do you meet hin ? / ' the blonde letfe not : talk about he young mah ' that 's none of you fuck 1 you be sick . and * hypoceite , you love hear : that atery , you vant to hoar sowe more ro she you folly ... you be as bad as who steal ay pante , .. {rdalng from the table ) ws + ++ wml you can fuck off , you flithy Little ahit . ' the blonde throw she napkin down , upsetting ber water and stride avay from the tabla . ' the ' young man grabe the a at wplit water with the to ; ' in . I looke arcand the seo if the other diner have notice t dave ) . be catch the waite and eye and scribbles in the aie fat ene ail . man take out '' credit. card . be ape nar em peendag Te ‘erecta eter teade coney er , the , lente dente to 4 the name on the catd be temoewe - fnie - D. llewd a fy ? king of ext , night : " treo orrter -surwrne . ( short hair , sunglass ) glance around bef iividg into the sise aliagay not ? 8 '' fe nove along the building , count the window as he gown , ph the right one , he je he hamwr cut and lever it open atag the lat to took shout , be lite though master send manette theeeghe mot th . wight ) omvich - mig dirk , filing cabinet , couple of cuatk . '' / bani20 le ges tit me® reap the no aad onto the / floa ne gate onto hie haunchee and remove hie of they into he cecil he look aoe da well aten th ees the y mon move to oes to renove cae \bat qaiotly . teper these the epa as i ol a zln the man ae sho maney 606 sh enya oat of the safe , dag le tne the floor . ' otand é up sad locke eiound '' juncger hia breath ) ne open the gewk drawer , lovk in\each one . he open the closet , search around , find nothing . increasingly frantic pate ss the ean pace around the oe , peer every dehlod every piece farsivere . at tenth he ocoee ' stop , exasporete , '' '' loud 4 '' ehaLonpeene | be look at the bundle of banknote . be look at the cluttere geek . thare be '' roll ef mask tape on the desk . the young man step over , grabe the ae and poll off & long strip , break it with he tooth , and ver ~~ — fade 70 black , 3 ) yu vuc ; 3 tht . , ousk : a french ligtaurant . unortated . see youlighed ooden starckrd linen , well -dress cliantele . tur toung ah and be suated at a table wean the wack oy thm place . cobb aate sod with small , graceful sevennite : 1a bis dark sait cud ticine fice signe ie , the '' ho ie ahabeily dire + gneheven , have song , qreany nair co@ lowk tiie at-eane . : cebb finiube eh arge bite of he wteed , up from he glee of water then a lipe lipe gently with i oapkin . '' ' , conn yoursw dupqlepe '' taste fur at ' the young aan look op trom he food . : conn ' the violate , ' the voyeurlam - kes definwtty you . ' toung mu = think wot . '' 7 think pak 2 kehae necor : song '' ll develop '' taste far the thing jou can do wit ! ' ihe peocecd . tous kam buch os ? '' ' eur : around thee ) thin. jenatenine young man you make all of you money thet way . nomile ) hot all of it , you ’se go to pay for this . young man but I tell you , I can not afford - he young man ln altence by cobb throng # ere ard onto the oe cobb it will not really be you , it all be ... aut tte ‘hate le bead the look at he card ) hasty Hare . bt hough td give you the planare to pretend to pay . '' young man '' but howe '' cobb tonse a pen onto the table next to the card . '' com ridu it . '' : ws pick the card ) ' { '' pp sign ith he young man , ioe the card . fe turn it over ; there La no signatere on the whita strip . he look up at cobb . '' com Shee 58 aa ee own bandweit and you can une it for sorc tes it for more than a day or two , quae not ba ent . ( a whiuper ) Christ '' ' the two man omile at the young man reach for the Le eas the card , shaking he head and ' yours do not you worry about : catch ? wy else would T do it ? rebide , I be not go to get '' wou ! - gring catch . : '' young man you have think it all aon om eainen\ wine glass ) I have think it all through , ( pause ) '' this ie the of the loeb I do a ae . no thing yoo young man '' such a ? con '' DI ee ene 4 plone I 'l ) rare a ae se eta wait '' till they have go , then move in for week or # 0 . you have get to be ao cob happens a lot more often than you would think . '' young mam but bow do you know how long they ' ll be go fer ? '' vm ' . cone \\ atmomt always mark cm the kitchen calendar . '' young a * whisper Christ . ; a ' the nan take t he wine , then shovel ftorktul of oad ed bath mputh no chew for a sense : than fresiess Kia eee hed a eevethdeg at the tar and e¢ the restaurant , behind young man ( through steak ) Jesus fuck christi come what 's wrong ? toung han sepetnoue see the woman , the woman from that firet place , the one who oe the , the , the one who see I ~ ua ... whe fost re the young man 's p.0.v. show um the young voman from the firat robeary and mai who we have not sean before wait to be pea ! - {oalm , mot turn round ) be you sure ? 3 an | young mam that 's one hell of '' chance to tokai . dist 2a look , just cal down , not would uhe do anyway ? al} we steal 's half '' bottle of a indifferent red wine . duet cel . heep you head . the young man look at he plate , try to stay calm . foun yu yoo mind if we wkip dessert ? ( wlth dieguet ) 4 yea , I fuck mind . kone. wight : ten fuerce | , later . cobb be scraping up the lest he chocolate mou untouched dessert . site in front of the young san who repeatedly glance up past cobb 's head . young 'a Pov show of the young woman seat with she at the other end of the restaurant . '' tha young woman hes she chaie biak from the table , stand up , place ber nm on she chair and head towards cobb and ¢! young man 's table , the young man look terrify , rouw man she 's come this way . cobb look up from he chocolate mousse . se node at '' door off to hia lett . coma she 's golng to the loo , relax , the man can not take hie off th voman ae she ae yes mre ' the young woman come near thelr table , as abe turn to the leave the notice the man and look at he for a instant with vibeb be recognition , she carry on , pasulng through door to the lavatory , young mah ( low it ) she fuck look et ae ! cob yeah ? young wan yeoh ! sho fuck knove = we have to leave ! cobb placo he spoon beck into he dish and look up at , the young man with a almost bored eapreseion . '' '' pe sy come quetuce to the walter ) ioe we will lande not that we have anything to worry about other than\you make a twat of yournelt . & '' ae wicer tun pomc mesraumawr . cobb and the young man exit . cobb suddenly turon on the young man as if he might hit he . y '' conn '' ae et the young man' ace you know , I seta eee at when I do not get to finish @ good meal with usaktee the young man look clabbergast , ' toung mam bitter ) she 's ess ae be > cn I deterodon cobb look ust of the window like '' aullen child . the young man look at he , think , y oowg man look , she recegnine se , or bhs have '' second lock at I . it make I nervous , '' cobb turn to the young man , neal ) '' if you be worried about be eet wee , you do acaething about appearance ? omart clothes , you own ether will not racognise you . ' ' the young man look down at himself , chasten . conn seine to himeelt ) '' ion be shot int. , dat ? ~ '' SMALL , cold , dinget . ' the young man stand " imtront of the mirror , examinig he lenyleb hale and attespt at '' bes pd . '' = fe pick up seme nail aciesore abd -atert the cut he hair . ~ ~ ae int .. gat ! broroom . shall . dark , cluttered . = ' the man be keotting # tie in froot of '' gusty , crack sittor . ao wear '' dark auit , old - fashioned and well - wear , fil hele ie dramatioally shocter ) '' rag near-crew cut . ' the young man ploy with he hail , lock at he reflection . fe rub tis newly - sbaven chin . Close on the mirror we see that the ete : pyeddl nap alod the blond be wedge into the bottom be se lens woxace fcume . ' the = a the and he ploke they toot slowely ge them a thoughtut expression on he face '' cur tt gr® a not liguten . weater , aparky from the papea ~ what can tt do for yout toung man ( @.a. ) nothing too important . cur to :- iw ?. , dat live room . - i ' ourg it ' about the stuff . cone to.me ) what about lk ? the you man 's other hand donee into frame he ie hold the penepert photoe ae well 06 ope bunched up sith . — -* tar ee as oa '' teme go sect a be nsaie of myne ae yee sesgnate , you " halt . I can not '' proeise tae much ae but i'd like to give it ewe iene that powod ? ona. ) for sound fine . anything ele ? _ touw bax 1 take you advice . forme ) what advice ? young man : my appearance . I cut my hair , and I be all dress ap . '' ( or ) '' '' with noplece to qo " . '' '' cur tor - ~ int . , day : by th window . < cose you know I be not be entirely eericus about that . yous mar es Law it pakon we feel better , conn } safer , buh ? - way young han é ( @.m . ) sater. i'l ) give you a call ih I have get the money , aight . cobb peoee |e windowelll go " apgearn to a bedroom , tin ohirt be completely cahuan : ( e.8 ) what wae all that about ? conn you. cobb 's p.o.¥ , show we the blonde , lying in ted , under the phoet but apparently sake , you «tuff , anyway . deh olbation : mp :onhe he gad te. yey nanlaet : che ent boast tes fle 's go to nate himself . the blonde liye she arm ontaiy cobb 's stanudh ant lock will at ‘we blonde meaning ? corb hoenig be take the ball spd he 's hook he 'o go to hang on to you stuff , pretend to sell it , give I some + ef you be lucky he aight even give you aont of it a oe '' the work . I have even qot bie to out hale and he clothes . j the blond we abe yup gla 90 ott a0 shun : yun bid : ny enct , conn ' ( gr ) ios and I would not hold you breath for the return of be , either , mo ) bp far too egharrass admit to steal you . a ws vas ont. , wight : tie offich . a ( ehort hair , eeeee face} haw take he jacket off ao # frantically ee tee in of to hia era and around hie waist . of work in a frenzy , it fot Race ple tadbe hia tooth , grab bundle and '' then agalnet be eevel bis the ond chao he co " # still = lot wear 20 be undoos he trousers , they off and frantically bsher peg wie shehemdh grt lite jocket , the manille saf coe gn we grabe a a. straighten up , look at fie take the tape and ih as hie midriff , secure the taree igs to hia waist . ae he be do the on and the young minute froere . one at 's reine supeness ie in the office . the man fover . the young man eye the easy teach , ke grab it a6 he launch fat naldy 's mar , ' railing ' bak poten in the alr behind hin a he fly across the room , raise . ves ue | ae atti at ; ay it = a4 i = ] Z a | in nias bie ea sit ua i El gish : sse 28 yas _ exy . , might : thr row of terwaced tomn house . the young man ( short hair , clean shaven ) burtee the blonde . ' thr bio {veloe on tannoy ) puck off . toung han how do know it 's mar ? could be you mother you just tell the fuck off . thr blond ( Voice on tannoy ) 3 mean it . y oung mn please , just let se in ... i 'vw com to apologize . the lock click open and the young man etepe inelde . '' int . , wight : the blomde's flat , kallwat . ' the young mar walke alowly down the eorridor . faseieg the bedroom he ave the blonde aitting on the bed . fle standa in the ow ar. , wrcwe : sax sarnoce . vounta sep , diomr , rmasiea , parrenanp fauric and mawy cushion , a curst of ° | the blonde eite on the bed , 1 chdece amoke a cigarette , fhe young man ctasidere he open 's tina . neg , an T have not be entirely honest with you . ' the blonde raive she eyebrow . i tr seteing noe pegi . '' the wloote ( confuse ) >. what ? 1 inti geariaeton , . 2 do : piece '' rese ary , I be , I be a about @ guy 1 kao who bacglen ' secple . 's why ' the blonde wheat do that have to do with anything ? ' young san wow I have be honest with you , 114 like you to return the favour . / tur mionce 1 have be honest with you , / / young man you be still see the bald guy . rim flustered ) how to ~ ' yoon I be early though other day . { see hin leave , you say it wae over . rok tt the , man young kari / ( quirtical ) then why ? '' the blonde he 's blackmail ao . '' young man you say he 's rich ~ vby would ... ' the blonde ( bitter ) tonay ? a youn man what 's he blackmail you with ? the blonde photo . of what ? * = a ( mane run blonde and or and do not ask I anythi ) else about then , eh you seedy Little * jantasy . ene just aay tc my mother would not frame they for she sideboard . young man you have get I ell wrong you know . the blonde bave 17 man pod . ile think for '' mapent . young Mat so where dow he keep then ? ux mono to he office . iby ? / young malt haye {ean get then back : the blonde row ? / young han break in and take to I can get my friend to do it oe be valuable etuff in hin office , right ' tre blonde he sometimes hae money in hin safe , young mam ( ahaking bie head ) Mo , we can not get into '' sate - ' the blonde that 's where the picture be , | young man what ? ' the blonde th wmenbide envelope in he safe , no vee and eight by ten printe . '' wileinare — 9d sen vital fiqure thed I might get a chance young man right , that 's we will do than , ' the young man get up mover onto the bed . ' the slond i've see fim open it a million be Te I have wrest ) blonde for nobody in they right mind would ateal from he . youna man ( putding bie arm around she ) tf we do not get it re a8 not make any difference who it woe we steal we will not get catch . the young man kiss the blonde . ; dalevaarw ida , se ee ) the pict " h without iarayrhg picture yo be th to I wiengt young an of course , j ' the blonde T have qot you word ? young kan you have oy word , / they kiew egein . '' fade to black x or oxt. , day ! bungerpord mardoe . os ' the young mun cross south , carry the leather hold - all . cy 4 a , aot ciaaenr be asailane nas ub oft wet ' the young man knock on # door . the door Le opendd by cat. p~ tend oe al 8 you be lat ' notice the bold - all ) you say you " : . cobb step back to let the man an. y J nee . i i } pind [ adat ola ynithugg ' 2 ; live noon , ( tastefully furnizned , = cobb be aitting on the couch . the young mas stand at the window . con meh tahe I few day to sell all of it . | ' youn man | witeewwar . / '' con , '' something ele on you mind ? se ee es the a a young .an be t to break into '' place , t've\ be scocting '' sonate '' '' toung mah a partienlar place . for sone photo . '' '' a '' cope photon ? '' woh { omg pou photo . for & friend . ' cone what 's the place ? yoong mai Office . in safe , but we will have the combination , ' Cone if it 's for '' friend , where 's the money in it ? young man there 's money in the aafo , . , probably , coy probably ? whose office ? young man '' club-owner , pornographer - type . '' / coma '' boavy ? / '' yo prom the sound of it . cobb exhales . be vtare hard at the young man , } cou what the fock 's go on ? : young man I be woo soneone . they need sy help , cob stand up and walk over to the young nan . conn the = look away . ( loud ) '' whe be you see ?! 4 % ' the young mai no inte cobb 's eye , '' '' hho be you soaking ? coma '' a + of that can ad ) ss ia ir or ave cana gs tersreue og mar : / 5 '' come / '' y concaal rage ) fait ine : gure soieing sotteet / Young man mer platuren= 3 oba pation x telioe hex ) get to iree ~ . of o know her. ye. wae poe poe ef cobb 's grow i 's yeah , that a why 1 have not rg berg 's ft , 1 mean I that for elght give ae he ee curb that would the a at be rob she ! - how , how , the pendent of you hot to tall thatl ' the young man iv quiet , realize be hax misjudge the situation , cose inal nive halr , / by though way , and a nice suit , about the '' '' ' bait | a of 7 tucking varne you ! _y ! 4 cae see sn he setne aha , cibend , Sam ) hare inte the to oe ie mee a grunte and '' eat I the de , '' just reine ae 08 * can guonae ble ber across room and el * '' cop 1 wee let - anyon pet : ope sient ed grabe the aan 's face with one hand and pete.srsa i tha fave eavecel time . the young man lip to the floor , in cece mee aeey the wen ece around on the floor ie pomeg nen otis o8 fy wt until finally evivel round end bocke hin in the . the ftece .\ '' the bye ge bleed ae cobb to he foot , out of - duate lf down and e hie hale in the mirror for i / ( at hie reflection ) idiot . how could you be so at .{turne to look at the young man ) cobb reach down and pull the man to\hie foct . the a ran es eek cobp leaitey mote — ool - of / : ms / int , , might : comb' live room . cobb in & : on the floor , tooe # golfbal ) into the wir and catch lt before it hite he tebe . ' the blonde i» sit on the couch , i do you have to best he ? S '' com ee you tell I to . 'a con sald yok should if you have to , that 's not the same kyou te. ; ( catch ball and look over ) do you enjoy it ? tir flonon do you enjoy beat he up ? com j of coure . / ' the blonde shake she head latbiabes ! * tenfesvere yor gy ! bring it on not hecoal we do not have to tell I that he be see you , bit once he do ft have to react cobb eit ap . jf t be in deep shit , this have to work . thr blonde fut why gre you so eure they think you be involved ? conn they '' ready have ie question , for Christ 's alte , phay . kame war 's ana d' just hatter of time batate they tind che biske who " see I inara wnd pull -= - van bronon | you think br get a good look sy you conn tio ; onaan se ay shle welt week SF have eee abe bone lee with the sam way of work and roughly the same appearence catch in the act . vee io it tell en I really happen - the ie like that coae it you would seem she you would not even ask , it wae horrible , bloed + fer face have be ... beat ... almest not + I would be in the flat a while , I have leave trace , forensic etuft , I do not know . but be fresh , abe have not be dead long , the witness might put I there close enough to the t for denth - '' I blonde bot if he do not get = good look cobb ' that 's not the point ! a crime that brutal , a old J beat like see 4 € thay it 's se ee a way to make it stick . hs he housea ibe T have tell they there 's elnet 7 : what lf he bas a opibiy fe 'e of loner , that 's he 's perfect . and he look #o different now that be not go to resemober have see hin . we 's jour san , / the blondy and cobb look at paghother . / 45 * sxt . , night : narkow cormect two street lit by a streetlignt . it 18 . ) a . cf be hair ) stumble al ttle dark suit belage ey . he ae en to pajuat he shadow and we see a tifty - pound mote weigh out of he cuff , we disappear around the dormer and ver - " CUT to :- A. es liveng room . y aor ene ( do of ee ors ane 18 . remerane ton stay ' the the. sesh sen tee orb hiv the be loose , there be on hia srs eg ee phone . ' young mam ( eteain , on edgo ) E get ity you're : th ) wy fh 1 have to stop off ' to dump the money . ( osme ) money ? RAW lat of tucking aecey ! 4s . the young man yelpe as be yank tape f2 om he hairy Joys . ( orm . ) '' what ? '' toow wan '' nothing . pabisbmcgeatsemot - p blonde fo-m . ) so it be e.k.? . rouNa man '' pause , ct oie o.k. , yeah . 73 k a yevan ' eleut '' tewe wee . he 's remove most of the money , tata bang ero lege and shizt . proc adh radfmgedh yi hr va pan blood on it . next to the hascie . line the aaniile cove '' ' pick the envel : pause for '' mommat , oe yy rong end o-deogenn od @ by 10 meat the eee tra mode ) reit shot of the blonde - abso . ey '' ig ace bg resackable about they ae oy saat thea ais aod in look for home * _ subtle obscenity ‘he he night oe atbaioegy a daipacane leck develop on his\face . a sa ae se same osa os hs ap tear 4.1 leclan yet fel | . ny there be '' knock at the door and she move to enewer it , we @ ee spe pear lara cua esis in suse po nan «© we . of kee heave — wereenilan . . the right ... they fall out . ' the young man look back at she coldly . rouNc man be you go to explain ? the blonde say nothing . Younis be the anger what ?! be it all ipuddehie ! suet the wet the noney ? ' ter blown ( # I he 's never have any in there lore . the young msn grabe she by the shoulder and chakew she . toung man what , then ? il the b she hand defaneively to tell he to remove ha hende. , be do so ~ : ' the blow ( matter -of - fact ) sore sere one Shia be ga somal ioe seton didn 's need 4 decoy ~ another likely muspect , someone catch robbing a place the same he doen use hie method , = , : 7 {truth dawn ) who 's the friend ? the blcmub ( miechelvious , wait for @ reaction ) cabb . the man close hie . she bacwla tina nis e ly dacasaser ; ote I break into '' flat a couple of : Site bice 's fauna ! oe eld indy who would be beat to death . run of on Bin god 's evy dee . akon the peline esch he up for question . they think he kill she ~ ne probably do . tee blond he 's a thief , not a murderer . he tell thee they have the barglarc wrong san , have he cogfuse with another know about , one who have the same # .6.... = j young man why mor | j ( like it 's hie own fault ) you #et yourself up for it . cobb notice you follow ! hie day before be approach you ~ at firet he you be police but then he follow you ~ y ouna man fia follow we ? the blcmde sarcastic ) be tellenet and realite that you be just some ... do ... wait to be draw into it , use . yourg man of you and cobb ... saeiang aeon} the bionde shraga and salle . the young man slap the wall hard by the aide of the blonde 's head . she dooo not flinch , I turne around , raise he hand be total frustration . ' young man tow could you do this to I ? ' to anyone ? the blonde tt and not that bad , you have get that money . you do not kil on sie ee you be there to plant doubt young mam ( ineredulous ) yeah , but they have still charge mo with break and enter ! but do do thet . and anyway , for whatever reason , do atch you red-hand . $ ' the come in , he go down . 1 *t bang around to see if he get up . it 's he blood jon sy hammer . ( aaashon hammer into wall ) now could you do this to I ) the slowde | vninpromeed ) it 's personal . when 1 eee to it I do not even not know you . the young man drop the hasmer . the blonde open hor eye . the young man takew a deep breath , regains he composere , 1 ' toung Max | } I be go the the polloe in the morning . thd hlond you can not , young may I be go and I 'l ) tell they everything . tue blonde you can !t- they will never believe you . ru of and they will believe I because a tie , srey 's om the blouor they * 2d cei believe you unless sampone back you up . '' young mam you could , '' \rie alondk T will not . '' [ oenevenee} greece make you . you time will o't hold up against the ' the bloade turn away shaking she head . the beonde you know , I really wonld not de ~ she Le cut of the sound of the door slamm , she turn to see that the '' pha a apri d '' int . , day : clogr ow the young man ( snort bair , bruigr ) young wan that 's it . wider show cw a room lit by early morning sun , the young man seat at a table , a olden man ite , between they on the table ie @ tape recorder , they both look tired . the alder man doen not speak . young mut I mean + , af you have get question ... ' the older man lean {ctward , older uu one or two . ' pace . the young a raise , bie eyabrow in expectation . / / cur t01 - / for ay ' ber ... cann : STREET in tur weet end , cobb etrolia down the strest . the ie carry the leather hold - ali . oy cur tor= int . , day room with tanle and taper reconder . ' older moan ¥yt they wee ... we do not sokualiy inane shy eaeeleed euipdeg of old lsdle right now but thew hae ~ bak we y 7 , olde a k a ) ( more atecttive ) there Le no such ongoing investigation . ' the young man look confuse and ecere . a ooloan and we do not know this ... ( look at bis note ) '' + = '' cobb of yours . '' cur to :- bye int . , day ) the blomde's frowt hall . ' the blonde open the front dour the cobb , and wat - ae disholve to int . , gay : the blond livinwg #ooM . ' the blonde and cobb be have a drink . coma tt warn you he would look in the envelope . the blonde re give ae he word . 1 believe bis . '' conn nothing personal , he could not help himse peoper , anyway , town ts seningon ths blonde bualnen ? cobb take '' handkerchief out of this pocket and start to wipe the eukeide of he glase , and wer - ous ' tht . , day : boom with tadle . wa move in on the young man , pustied , think hard . ' older man ( oem ) perhaps there 's something elec you would like to tell I ht cur t0 :- he blonde watcher , puesta , a cob etsetobe aik caer glove aod pute they on , interlece bie finger for '' enug fit . where 's the basner ? the blonde ob , down there in the bag . she Pointe to '' shopping on the table acrosy the rocw f) cobh . cabb rise , vara ape roan and pic wi look at the dry blood a ite head . ' the blonde what be you go to do with it ? oh - van pretty specif : way ' the blonde npuzzle } what 's be have to say about it ? ( turing around , banner in hand ) iar be : dip ert ( 0 623 . 6e : hine : seay see out of he wate , ' the blonde ( not like ehiay money ? what for ? | | / / coy for - % ' Jr ; int. , day : rook wit tame . Close on the young man aa he think . — ee coin ) ppak ct . anything as all . you side of cur tor - a tht , . oat : the blonde's live boom , cobb move towards the biende with the hammer . cone ( wail ) re gay you dexands have become unreasonable ... wes roo ear in you blackrail . the rlondie y | ( ecare how ) but , not ~ 5 , 3 , F do not ~ cone ( emile , soothl : a something about a incident you witness in this sony room ? the waa specific about where and how I care of thing , gome sense of poetic justice , for auppone , ' the blonde but t- cone the blonde tow could you do this to I ? cone | ( acftly ) money . cobb 4 for the blend , + rah she wriet and pall she to the floor , he force she hand net wgetoat mae dine cad eeiae the hammer Slate kio ohare ala toad and wer ~ cur Tor op int . , oat ) room with table . Close on the young #an as be realise something . touno man 9 ee ee ee thre het wt older mam : ( neds gravely ! we find she early this sorn , young mam ef older wan d for 3 ing to heri go and pick up cobb , be dic it he mast have do it ~ shtelex - be the elder man silence the young man tting a box onto the table between thes . ae ( rifling through the content tis boab icine : seiacahe stake on vo cant I whs BOX , tn addition to the various item weigh the decease steal last week we find several paire of '' * underwear ~ be they here ? the young man say nothing . os " older man I aveure 90 , aincn they be find stashed with woe passport - atyle photograph of the decease , ' the young man close bis eye . man ' ( palleo «mall , clear plastic beg roe the 's box } we aleo find this pear ) earr . * pi dip fi wat si ie ipa! 2 } i pif ! boas afi ges iy a a # 8 dp epi ii ij ~ sn 338 ; a ei 3 ip z of eve ?! we ure it to bay a aeal ~