the blob by Chuck Russell and Frank darabont second draft copyright 1986 register w.g.of A. fade in : ext - space Planet Earth glow small and distant against a field of of star . camera approach Earth as we dissolve closer : Earth leom up , slowly fill the screen . the North american continent reveal itself as we dissolve closer : the west coast of the United States rise toward we . Mountains , river , and major city become distinct as we dissolve closer through drift cloud : ext - morgan CITY - day Morgan City isa small . community , @ modest would - be ski town in the off season , nestle at the base of a mountain . it 's get its°own high school , and a factory that be grimly hang on despite production slowdown and lay-off . various angle of the town make we uneasy . the street seem desert ... desolate , .. e..a hot , restless breeze blow a tatter newspaper down Main Street ... leave skitter across the pavement ... a wary cat slink under park car ... ... but there be no pecple . something seem to be terribly wrong in Morgan City . we soon begin to hear a distant roaring ... the SOUND of a cheering crowd . CUT to : ext ~ high school football field - day meg penny leap up into frame , a blur of pom-pom and chestnut hair as she lead the pep squad in a cheer . the banner - wave crowd be go wild . most of the town have turn out for the game . the Morgan High hawk be battle the ban raccoon in a grueling play-off . player' bench paul tyler and scott jeskey sit on the bench , batter and streak with sweat and dirt , wait to go back in . Paul be clean - cut and unassume , a natural athlete . Scott be small and something of @ smartass . what he lack as a athlete , he make up for by be obnoxious . seott take a squeeze bottle of water from a ice chest and rub it across he forehead . Paul be watch meq intently as she go through she routine . ( continued ) NI ul 's attention and glance at he , smile . he look away , embarrassed that she caugh he look . Scott lean in to Paul . scott Tim tell you , man , she want you bodily fluid . you gotta ask she out . paol be not she dating polver ? scott that 's go nowhere . the guy 's 4 total scrotum , for chrissake . ( beat ) it grieve I to see you think so small . it really do . paul ( defensive ) I be gonna ask she out . scott bullshit . when ? paul when the time be right . timing 's everything . coach ( 0.s.} Offensive line in ! Paul and Scott grab they helmet and rush out onto the field . another angle the team take they place at the scrimmage line . they paw at the ground , glaring at one another , tension mount as the hawk ' quarterback take he position . quarterback Hut onel Hut twat ' the ball be snap . bodi body slam against hodie £ : s$ back fall back , poise t throw , look of e paul reak free erom the pack , run into the open . ( continued ) the quarterback throw @ long pass to Paul . running...rcunning ...arm stretch up toward the ball . he leap high into the air , make a perfect catch in he crady arm . pure poetry . another angle out of nowhere , five monstrous guy from the oppose team slam into he like a express train , drive he out of bound to crash onto a table on the sideline . cheerleader scatter as the table collapse in a explosion of gatorade , clipboard , and towel , the five brute , in no particular hurry , pick themselves off of Paul and saunter back onto the field . Paul be leave lie in the wreckage like road-kill . meg lock down at he , horrify . paul ( wheeze , he wind knock out ) say meg ...do you have any plan this evening ? CUT to : ext - countryside - same time brian flagg ease back in the wear seat of he rebuiit 1958 indian motorcycle , listen to the distant cheering cf the football crowd . Brian be 17 , but have a dark , quiet intensity that make he seem older than he year . he wear a two -tone 40 's thrift store jacket over he T-shirt , wear blue jeans , crepe-sol rockabilly shoe , and a tiny metal stud in one ear . not you standard wardrobe in Morgan City , U.S.A . there be @ Morgan High book bag strapped to the back of he bike , he pull a beer from the bag , pop the top , and take 4 long sip , contemplate the deep , narrow guliy before he . the dry - out riverbed be once span by a wooden bridge , but all that cemain be a short section of rotted timber extend out inte mid-air , Brian start the bike , then proceed angle gn the wood a grizgy old man emerge from the wood drag @ plastic garbage bag bulg with aluminum can . he be accompany by a equally grizzle old dog . the can man pause , catch sight of Brian . brian take a last swig of beer and toss the can aside . once again , @ distant cheer rise up . he come to a decision and gun he bike , head back across the field . another angle Brian come to a stop , skid around to face the ruin . the can man he grin toothlessly . sense one hell of a floorshow , he scurries closer and make himself comfortable on a log . brian unaware of the old man , concentration totally focus on the jump , he work the throttle , revving the engine higher and higher . insert ~ football game crowd the cheerleader be lead the crowd in a '' freight train '' cheer , accelerate the tempo . brian the cheer continue build as he work himself up toward the moment of truth . then : closeup on Brian 's hand gun the throttle . closeup on he foot jam the bike into gear . closeup on the rear wheel spraying dirt . insert - football game crowd a sea of people chant , they pace speed up . brian accelerate toward the gully , wind whipping through he 4h brian Pov the field flash by as the gorge brian open the throttle wide ... and suddenly the bike sputter and cough , lose speed . he react , gun the engine . it sputter again . brian Pov lurching toward the remain of the bridge . insert ~- crowd - tighter chant faster and faster . brian hit the brake . the bike skid , kick up dust as it veer to the side . he dig he heel into the ground , fight he momentum as he reach the lip of the gully ... ... f0r a endless moment he just hang , teeter at the very edge , fight for balance ... .. ethen both bike and rider go over the side , fall / slide down the incline to land in a crumpled heap at the bottom . insert - crowd exploding into applause as the '' freight train '' climax . gully ~ close on brian cheering continue over . Brian lie flat on he back in a thin trickle of muddy water , he batter motorcycle on top of he . he groan and begin to wriggle out from under the bike . he now hear @ pair of hand clapping and look up , shield nis eye against the sun . brian Pov the can man sit on the lip of the gully above , wheeze gleefully and applaud , another angle Brian settles back , sighing . the old man rise and pick up Brian 's discard beer can , polish it with he sleeve as if it be @ great prize . he put it in the garbage bag with the other can , then walk away . cur to : on ext - diner - day Main stcest be still desert , the tick tock diner be a classic roadside eatery feature @ garish neon clock sign . a dusty police cruiser be park outside . int - tick - tock diner whe place be almost empty . a ceiling fan turn lazily , offer little relief from the heat . fran hewitt , the waitress , serve a pair of telephone lineman at a booth . sitting at the counter be sheriff hers geller ( 40' ) , a rangy , soft=spoken man just finish a burger . he watch Fran as she go about she work -- she 's get the world - weary look of a lifer waitress , but be still quite a attractive woman . Fran step behind the counter . herb look like the game put you out of business . fran do not worry . when they be do scream they head off , they will come in here like a flocd . more ice tea ? herb please . fran {she freshen he glass ) good to see this town get up on its hind leg about something . herb take theic mind off they trouble . be a lean year for most folk . fran ( shrug ) ski season 's almost here . there ' il be tourist . ( cake he plate } you do with this ? herb yup . he stir he tea for a moment , try to work up he cou she pegin clean the counter . wy ow a '' rued} herb ( cont . ) } you know , they get a new band out at the tin Palace tonight . fran be that right ? herb suppose to be pretty good . fran that 's nice . herb you like country music ? Fran pause , leveling she gaze at he . fran herb ... you askin’ I out ? herb | well , yeah ... I guess I be . slightly flustered , she turn away to write out he check . fran I do not know . I be stick here pretty late . gotta make a live , you know . herb ntry to bow out gracefully ) yeah . must be tough tc get away . Fran shift she gaze to the plate glass window . outside , a horde of high school kide be descend on the diner . fran oh shit . ( holler into kitchen ) GEORGE ! here they come ! the teenager pour in , fill the place with sudden noise and chaos . herb slide a business card across the counter to she . herb tf you ever get a little time to yourself , here 's my number down at the station . a mob of babbling kid crowd around the counter as she finish scribbling herb 's check , tear it off , and hand it to he . without another word , she turn to start take order . ( continued ) mn fran ( hellering ) okay , one at a time ! close on herb feeling rebuffe , he pull out he waliet to pay . but when he look at the check ... insert ~ the check on the tear - off receipt , Fran have jotted : '' I be off at 11:06 .° % herb he grin ... then tear off the receipt . he lay a tip on the counter and leave . cur to : ext - MAIN STREET ~ day a old pickup truck pull to a stop near the diner . Brian hop out of the back of the truck and wave he thanks as it pull away . he start up the street , but spot herb exite the diner and get inte he police cruiser . Brian fade back into a storefront as herb start he car . it 's clear Brian would prefer avoid he . the cruiser approach , but instead of glide past , it come to a stop right in front of Brian . herb roll the window down . herb flagg . congratulation . brian for what ? herb hear you get a birthday comin’ up . no more juvie hall , right ? brian riiiight ... herb next time you fuck up , you be in the major . ( grin } see you around , flagg . the cruiser pull away . Brian watch it go , heaving a low sigh . ( continued ) a he cross the street toward " moss ' repair shop " , a grimy cinderblock garage . cur po : int ~ moss * garage ~ day moss woolsey , @ muscular , middle - age black man , chew on a soggy cigar as he work at the engine of a large snow cat . on the cat 's door igs a logo for " indian summit ski resort . " moss look up from he labor as Brian enter , still dusty and dishevel from he fall . moss you look like hell , man . brian it 's a fashion statement , moss . moss the only statement they clothes get to make be : " I look like hell .* brian my bike 's sit out at elkins Grove . can I borrow you ratchet set ? moss you kiddin’ I ? the summit 's get I overhaul six fuckin’ skidoos , three cat , and two flatbe snowmaker by Monday . brian what 's the hurry ? must be ninety degree out . moss pull two bottle cf beer from a pile of man-made snow on the lip of a flatbe snowmaker . he toss one to Brian . moss just injun summer , boy . before you know it , winter will come tear -assin ' through this town with no apology . fall be not nothin 's but a rumor around this part . Brian knock the cap off the beer bottle use the edge of a steel locker . brian cimon , it barely piss snow the last couple of year . the whole town 's ready to fold . ( continued ) moss this year 's gonna be different . be that right ... moss take my word . you be gonna wish you piece of shit excuse for a motorcycle be one of this sweet little rig . he pat the side of a snow cat . brian how about the ratchet , moss ? moss sigh and turn back to he work . brian ( cont . ) maybe if I put in some hour for you over the weekend it will lighten thing up . moss there 's twelve ratchet in that set . twelve . they better all be there when I get it back . Brian quickly gather up the ratchet set , roll it into its cloth sleeve and pockete it . brian thanks , moss . moss you ask I , you ought to give that thing a decent burial and forget about it . Brian exit . CUT to : ext ~ forest clearing = dusk close angle on a low tree stump . a gnarled hand be place Brian 's discard beer can in a careful grouping with three other . angle widen to reveal the can man studiously inspec - ting this arrangement in the wane light . his decrepit shack stand nearby , the mangy deg lie listlessly on the porch . the can man slowly raise he foot . a large rusty iron be strapped to he book like a medieval snowshoe . witt cry , he stamp down on the stump , flatten the can . ( continued } he lift he foot to study he handiwork . he chuckle , ring softly to himself . can man good ‘un . he toss the flatten can into the large wire basket of a old scale , which be already half - fill with crush can . as he grab lwo fresh can and set they on the stump , he pause , notice he dog . the bog rise to its foot , stare at the sky , growl softly . the can man start to hear a high - pitched whins , growing louder . he jock up . the sky the first star have appear in the brilliant cobalt - blue evening sky ... but one star seem to be grow steadily larger . the can man gaze up in wonder as light shine on he face ... get brighter . low angle - wide the whine become a roar and the old man hurl himself to the ground as a flame meteorite streak directly over the cabin . there be a flash cf light and a deafening blast as it crash somewhere deep in the wood . the dog go crazy and charge off into the forest in the direction of the crash . the can man scramble to he foot , hobbling arcund with the skillet still strapped on . he wrestle the skillet off he foot and start toward the wood , .. but pause , turn back . he go to the porch and grab a rusty hand - axe . now properly armed , he set out . cur to : int - pharmacy ~ dusk a small rexall drugstore , line with pack she merchandise . Scott enter , drag Paul with paul what be we do here ? I getka go home and get ready . ( continued } scott Sf lend I five buck ill tomorrow , paul what for ? scott you be net the only one with a date , pal . I be bound toa score with Vicki tonight and I gotta invest in a little protection . paul ( do not buy a word ) you be gonna score with Vicki desoto ? scott that 's right . I understand woman like Vicki . they be like fry pan . you gotta get ‘em hot before you put the meat in . paul odisgust } you be a true romantic , jeskey . scottt c'mon , spot I five . pharmacist ( call to they ) let 's go , boy . it 's close time . shake he head , Paul dig a five dollar bill out he pocket . paul just make it quick , huh ? Scott grab the money and hurry up the aisle , leave Paul to browse the magazine . another angle Scott step up to the counter . the pharmacist be a surly man with a neatly trim moustache . scott hey pal , gimme a pack of trojans and a binaca spray . the pharmacist consider it for a moment -- he no just @s soon kick Scott cut as serve he . he finally turn away to gather che order . Scott wait , drum he finger on the countertop . { continued} be be suddenly , reverend meeker , the local Lutheran minister , loom up from behind and place a box of contac on the counter . meeker , bald and cherubic , give Scott a pleasant smile . rev . meeker well , Scott deskey . good game today . seote put on a big freeze grin and try not to lock as guilty as he feel . scorer thanks , reverend , how you do ? rev . meeker my hay fever 's act up , but T –d live . ( beat ) have not see you at Sunday service lately . scort well , uh ... the pharmacist reappear with two pack of condom . pharmacist you want the ribbed or the regular ? Scott hem and haw self - consciously , painfully aware of the preacher hover at he elbow . Scott ribbed , I guess . they be not really for I . rev . meeker on ? scott ( indicate paul} they be for my friend over there . the pharmacist and the preacher peer down the aisie toward Paul , who be casually paging through a car magazine . scott ( cont . } he 's plan on take advantage of some poor young girl tenight . you should near he talk about it . disgusting . pharmacist why do not he buy they ? je i scott I have to drag he in here as it be . he guy 's totally irresponsible . reverend meeker lay a fatherly hand on Scott 's shoulder . rev . meeker listen , Scott ... t'd like you to have you friend come and speak with I sometime . my door ' 's always open . pharmacist ocing up the purchase ) that will be four thirty nine . as Scott hand over the money , Paul holler up the aisle . paul ( impatiently ) cimon ! what 's the holdup ? I do not want to keep she wait ! Scott shrug to the preacher and the pharmacist as if to say : see what I have to put up with ? pharmacist ( mutter ) that bey do not need condom . he need a muzzle . CUT to : ext - forest - night the can man slowly rise from the undergrowth , he awed feature bath in a eerie light . before he , @ smoulder nine - foot crater cast a unearhtly glow on the surround tangle of tree deep in the forest . Blue / green flame dance along the crater 's rim like faerie light , slowly die out as brackish smoke funnel into the night sky . shatter tree trunk and scorched earth mark the cbject 's descent . the can man gather he courage and approach the gape hole , brandish he axe . his dog slink along beside he . the old man pause at the rim of the crater , waver between cowardice and curiosity . he finally kneal and gaze down into the hole , shy from the heat and swirl smoke , ( continued } t with he Pov through haze , we see a char , red - hot sphere bury in the earth , with a crack down the middle . a sort of fiery , volcanic soup boil within . the can man squint , eye water , try to get a better look . he Pov we sense Movement : a strange pulsing just beneath the molten surface . the dog eringe back , whimper ... then run off . the can man grab a fall branch and extend it down into the smoking core of the crater , give it a tentative poke . there be a gentle tug on the stick , like the nibble of a trout . he slowly pull the stick out . cling to the end of it be a weird , gelatinous mass about the size of a fist . its transparent surface steam and sparkles in the crater 's glow . though the stick be point down , the mass do not drip off . instead , it seem to flex and draw into itself . the old man step back , uttering a soft gasp of wonder . he turn the stick this way and that , admire he discovery , fascinate . closeup - he hand suddenly , the mass shoot up the length of the stick like a strike cobra , engulf he hand to the wrist . cuT to : int ~ meg' house ~ night extreme closeup on a quivering square of cherry jello . a young boy 's mouth appear at ak one corner and slurp up the entire square with one mighty suck . wider angle the mouth belong to kevin penny , meg 's 10 - year - old brother . he be at the kitchen table , his baby sister christine squeal with delight at he epicurean feat . his friend eddie beck also 10 , nod he approval . mrs . penny , somewhat harry , collect dinner dish from the table . she scowl at she son . mrs . . penny Kevin ! do not eat with you face . eevin we be in a hurry , Mom . we be gonna go bowl with Anthony . eddie ( piping up ) and then to the movie . mortify , Kevin shoot he a cautionary look . mrs . penny what movie ? Eddie eagerly warm to the subject , oblivicus to Kevin kick he under the table . eddie " Garden tool massacre . '' you basic slice - n-dice . mrs . penny you basic what ? eddie this guy in a hockey mask chop up a few teenager , but do not worry , there 's no sex or anything bad . mrs . penny nappall } no. absolutely not . kevin Mom , c*mont mrs , penny Kevin , I will not have you see that kind of trash , and that 's final . do you understand ? kevin ( sadly ) yes matam . meg ( 0.8 . ) ocall from upstairs } Mom ! have you see my pink sweater ? ( continued ) mra. penny exit the kitchen and head upstai mrs . penny it 's on the hamper , honey . I mean oo talk to you about that ... int =~ meg' bedroom meg 's mother enter . meg , wear blue jeans and bra , pull the sweater from a basket of fold clothes . meg what happen ? mrs . penny well , it get mix up in the wash . meg slip the sweater on over she head and turn to the mirror . now half its normal size , it leave she midriff expose . meg it 's a interesting look . mrs . penny you could sing backup for Prince . they both crack up . mrs. penny ( cont . ) why do not you wear my Ann Taylor blouse ? meg really ? be you sure ? '' mrs . penny i'm sure . they be interrupt by the doorbell ringing downstair , meg oh my God , that 's he . ext - front door Paul wait expectantly . the door swing open , revealing Kevin . kevin {deadpan} what be it ? paul hi . I be here to see meg . ( continued ) be with kevin what for ? paul well , uh ... just to see she . be she home ? kevin just a minute , t’1ll check . he slam the door shut in Paul 's face . beat , the door be yank open , revealing Mrs. penny . she give he a warm smile . mrs . penny I be terribly sorry . you must be Paul , I be meg 's mother . paul Nice to meet you , matam . mrs . penny come on in . meg will be right down . int ~ house as Paul enter , Kevin and Eddie try to squeeze cut , Mrs. penny catch Kevin by the back of the collar . mrs . penny where do you think you be go ? kevin to Eddie 's . I be sleep over , remember ? mrs. penny okay , but you be not go anywhere without you jacket . kevin awww Mom , it 's boil out ! mrs . penny it 's September . it 's nighttime . you be wear you jacket . there 's no argue with 'a mother 's logic . he put on a light nylon jacket , but the zipper jam haliwa y up . kevin stupid coat . his mother give it a few hard tug and finally manage to yank che zipper shut ali the way . she kiss he cheek . ( cont a a a oo ww mrs , penny rsel bye , honey . enjoy you £. ro et oo y '' a as Kevin and Eddie exit , we hear a crash from the k and christine begin to cry . mrs . penny ( cont. } oh Lord . Excuse I , Paul . she exit into the kitchen just as meg come bounce cown the stair . she and Paul smile at each other somewhat shyly . meg hi Paul . paul hi . you look great . meg thanks . paul ready to go ? meg yeah , but I want you to meet my dad first . itl will dust take a second . paul sure . int - live room meg bring Paul in , mr . penny be relax in a easychair , he face unseen behind the newspaper he 's read . meg daddy ? I would like you to meet Paul . lose on her father the newspaper come down , revealing he face : it be the pharmacist . he sit bolt upright as he recognize Paul , he eye glaring sheer hatred . cur to : ext - gully - night a full moon glower on the horigon , bleat and ghostly . srian appear , drag he motorcycle over the crest of the gully . he pause to catch he breath , then walk he bike to some flat ground near a stand of tree . ( continued ) no oo closer 7 brian de crouch down and open moss 's ratchet set . he select one and start work , pa mtly try to fit the drive chain back into place by the light of the moon , suddenly , he hear a sopt rustling SOUND . he jerk he head around , try to identify the noise . but there be now only silence , he must have imagine it . he go back to work . more rustling . the crack of a TWIG . Brian stand up and peer into the darkness , hold he breath as he listen . he slip the ratchet into he back pocket , click the motoreycle 's headlight on , and pan it across the open field . brian Pov the field and the surround forest in the beam of he headlight . nothing seem to be stir . brian he shake off the feel . probably a small animal or something . he click the headlight off and turn back to he bike -- reverse angle Brian find himself look directly into the wild , sink eye of the can man as he let out a bloodcurdling scream and raise he rusted hand - axe -- Brian jump back . the can man fall to he knee , swinging the axe down onto he own wrist . brian can not believe what he 's see . another angle the can man , still scream , try to hack through he wrist . Brian leap forward and catch the axe , wrestle it out of the cid man 's grip . he hurl it away into the brush . the can man make a frantic lunge after it , but Brian grab he by the arm and spin he back around . tight on can man still scream , eye roll in agony ~~ as Brian vaise the old man 's shattered , mangle hand into frame , revealing the thick ooze mass that be slowly eat he flesh . the organism be no longer perfectly clear -- it have become a transluscent pink from the blood it have absorb . the can man 's finger be skeletal , the surround tlasue go . the axe wound have already be engulf by the ravenous slime . not a drop of blood ‘has escape . brian horrify . wider angle the can man break Brian 's grip and charge off inte the wood , scream . brian wait ! he chase after he . cur to : int ~ car ~ night Paul be drive . meg be next to he in the passenger seat . meg I be really sorry about my father . I have never see he like that . paul that 's ckay . just a misunderstanding . T have make better first impression , that 's for sure , meg well , no harm do , I guess . paul wrong. Scott jeskey 's gonna die . cur to : bet - forest - tracking shot - night the can man blunder through the undergrowth , moan in pain and shock , cradling he injure hand the he chest . tracking shot ~ brian Chasing after the old man . ( continued ) we nn brian wait ! come back ! pave road the can man burst from the tree and charge out onto the two -lane road ... right inte the path of Paul 's oncoming car . int - car Paul and meg react . he slam on the brake , ext ~ road the car swerve wildly as the brake lock up . Paul screech to a stop , barely clipping the can man with he fender . the old man bounce off the car and curl up on the ground , moan . Brian run onto the road as Paul and meg leap from the car . paul flagg ! Jesus Christ , what would you do - to he ? brian hey , I be not the one who bounce he off my car , pal . paul right . you chase he into the road ! meg stop it , beth of you ! can not you see he need help ? they go to the can man and help he to sit up . brian careful . he 's get some kind of corrosive shit on he hand . the can man groan . they catch a glimpse of he slime - cover hand . meg oh god. paul what the hell be that ? brian I do not know , but he need a doctor . ( continged ) he ke meg we be not far from the clinic . they help the can man to stand , then lead he coward the car . be be beginning to tremble and shake , as if from fever . paul take it easy , mister . we be gonna get you some help , okay ? can man ( moan ) from the sky ... fall from the sky ... paul what ? what 's he say ? meg he 's in shock . paol there 's a blanket in the back . she grab the blanket out of he car . they wrap it around the can man , then ease he into the back seat . Paul turn to Brian as meg get in the front seat . paul c'mon , get in . brian what for ? paul there 's go to be a lot of explain to do , and you be part of it . now , you gonna get in or do I make you get in ? Brian smile , dusting some imaginary dirt from Paul 's shoulder . brian what 's wrong , Tyler ? worried about a little insurance claim on daddy 's car ? maybe I will come along , just to make sure you do not lay the whole thing off on I . meg be you two do ? Brian cizscle around the car to the passenger side and get in next to meg. Paul get in behind the wheel , ( continued ? Brian stretch out and drape he arm over the back of meg 's seat and smile at Paul . brian whenever you be ready . Paul angrily start the engine and peel away . cur toa : int = medical clinic ~ night it be @ small , austere clinic , nearly desert at this time of night . the only person in sight be a severe - look nurse seat at she station do paperwork . meg and Paul hustle the can man , still wrap in he blanket , into the emergency room . Brian trail they in . the nurse do not look up when Paul speak . paul Excuse I ... nurse ( sharply ) one moment , please . Long beat . she finish , close the folder , and return it to a file drawer . she finally look at they . nurse now , how may I help you ? - paul this guy need a doctor right away . meg he get something on he hand . some kind of acid or something . nurse do he have Blue Cross ? meg ( flustered ) uh...2 do not think so . nurse Medical insurance of any kind ? brian funder he breath} I do not believe this shit . 8 uw paul ma'am , we do not even know who this guy be . the nurse wrinkle she nese at the old derelict -- he tremble under he blanket , sway on weak leg . she press @ buzzer . hurse the doctor 's busy with another patient right now . ( a male orderly appear ) put this gentleman in number three . the orderly steer the can man to a roll gurney and lay he on it . he begin to whimper fearfully , he feverish eye focus on Brian . brian ( softly ) take it easy , old dude . this guy be gonna fix you right up . the can man respond , quieting down . meg surprise at Brian 's compassion . wider angle the orderly wheel the gurney down the hall . the nurse hand Paul a clipboard with several form attach . nurse you will have to fill this out . she turn away , go about she business . meg you think he will be okay ? paul he could lose that hand . it 's up to they now , brian do not look like anyone around here give a shit about explanation , tyler. {peat ~ Paul nod ) you guy can stick around if you want to , I be outta here . Brian step past he and head for the doar ro wa pagl hey flagg. ( beat ) lock , I be sorry about earlier . brian no sweat . thing be a little intense , that 's all . Brian emit . dissolve to ; int = hospital - night close angle on the empty nurse 's station . the clipboard of form ( now fill out} lie on the counter . pan to Paul and meg , they sit , bored and fidgety . meg page through a magazine with half - interest . paul I bet you have have better first date , huh ? meg ( smile ) I do not mind . paul want a soda ? meg that would be great . something diet . Paul get up and walk over to the vend machine . closer - paul as he feed quarter into the machine , he glance up the hospital corridor . paul' Pov there if @ partially open door at the far end of the corridor . through it , Paul can see the can man lie unattend on the gurney , seemingly unconscious . the doctor still have not get around to he . suddenly , there be subtle movement beneath the blanket cover the can man . paul frown . this be edd . he start slowly up the corrider . ( continued ) he Pov ollying up the corridor , get closer to the open door . paul pause by a examination room , glance in . the doctor be inside , speak softly with a old woman as he finish set she arm in a cast . Paul look back toward the can man 's room . paul be Pov - through the half -open door the can man lie on the gurney , he head turn away . there be now more pronounce movement under the blanket -- a heaving motion . closer the old man 's head lolis toward we , revealing a corpse~ - like face . a bloody froth bubbles up from within he gape mouth with a gruesome gurgling SOUND . paul react , horrify . he turn and charge into the examination room . the doctor look up , irritate by the intrusion . paul Doctor , you gotta come right away ! doctor I be with a patient here . . paul there 's a man die ! please ! Paul drag he into the hallway . int - can man' room Paul and the dector enter . the can man lie motionless . there be no sound , no movement . boctor be this the hand injury ? Paul nod , pale . the doctor pull back the blanket and -- ' closer the can man be dissolve from the chest down : the bare bone cf he ribcage frame the soupy remain of internal organ , he expose ine end in a nondescript lump of bone that be once he pely the rest be nothing but steaming grue . continued ) mr od Paul and the doctor be aghast , Paul stagger back , he mind reeling . he can not tear he eye off the corpse . doctor Christ ! what the hell be this ? paul ( slowly realize ) that thing on he hand ... Paul back off , glance around ~~ could it still be in room ? the doctor hurry to the door , holler for the doctor nurse ! get in here ! Paul push past he , charge into the hallway . int ~ hallway Paul hurry down the hall , pass the nurse as she rush to join the doctor , Paul be look right and leave , still on guard . he pause , see : he Pov a open door to a office . Inside , a phone sit on a desk . int - office Paul enter cautiously , lock around . the room be sterile and featureless . the only illumination be a simple hang lamp which cast a pool of light onto the desk with the phone . the room seem empty . Paul go to the desk , sit down , and start dial ... u.ea the door swing slowly shut behind he , we catch a shadowy giimpse of a large pulsing , gelatinous mass slithering silently up the wall , disappear from sight . int ~ hospital waiting area meg put down she magazine and scan the desert room . meg Paul ? she get up to look for he . int - office Paul listen impatiently as the phone ring at the other end . finally , &@ woman' voice answer . woman ( filter ) sheriff 's station . pagl it have to talk to the sheriff . it 's a emergency . woman ( filter ) one moment . herb come on the line . herb ( filter ) geller speak . paul sheriff , this be Paul Tyler . herb ( filter ) Paul ? what 's the matter , son ? paul I be at the fayette clinic . a old man 's just be kill out here . herb ( filter ) you say kill ? paul yes sir . herb ( filter ) okay , you sit tight and I will be cight out . who else be involved ? : paul i be with meg penny . and Brian flagg be here earlier . herb ( filter ) flagg ? where be he now ? paul ( look up ) to dunne . I ... ( contt z a drip of moisture land on the desk in front of Paul . a thin wisp of steam rise from it as it eat into the wood . he do not notice . Paul be distract as two more drop of moisture land steaming on the desk . 3 ued ) x be of low angle he blob , pulsate in the shadow , hang suspend from the ceiling above Paul like a monstrous slug . now roughly the size of a man , its disease surface be a transiuscent blood red , he gape up at it in horror ... as it release its hold , plummete straight down . int -— hallway meg hear paul' scream and race up the hallway . int - office meg throw the door open , the wildly swinging overhead lamp throw nightmarish , shifting shadow on the scene before she . Paul be on the floor , completely engulf by the blob , struggle like some insect in a hellish flytrap . the blob contract around its flail prey as it drag he across the room toward a open window . Paul desperately reach out toward meg with one arm that have remain free of the writhe crganism . she grab he hand , pull for all she 's worth , get drag across the room with he . suddeniy the arm come off -- meg fail back , slamm against a wall . the twitching arm land at she foot . the blob just before it flop out the window , she see Paul 's grotesquely plead face , almost unrecognizable as human , he flesh rapidly dissolve within the noxious slime . closeup ~ meg she finally scream , long and loud . cur to : ext ~ hospital ~ night the night be alive with flash emergency light and milling people . a sweeping dolly shot follow sheriff geller throughout the scene . meg be in the background , sobbing hysterically into she mother 's arm . meg but I see it ... it get Paul ... mes. penny sshhh ... the approach herb . my a meg 's mr . penny sheriff . how about it ? can we take she home ? herb you might as well , Mr. penny . make sure she get some sleep . maybe she will start makin ' sense in the morning . mr . penny ves . thank you , he turn and usher he wife and daughter toward the family car as deputy bill brigg , a young black officer , falis in step with herb . herb we be not gonna get anything out she tonight . she 's hysterical . keeps goin 's on and on about that " shape '' or whatever . bill I get a call in to Paul Tyler 's folk . they have not hear from he . herb let 's face it , Bill . they be not go to . ( beat ) I want the rest of he body find before dawn , they aktention go to a black body bag as it be wheeled on a gurney to a ambulance . a paramedic hand herb a clipboard . herb ( signing the form ) get this to Sacramento tonight . I need a autopsy pronto , not next week , the paramedic nod , then he and he partner rush the gurney away to the ambulance . herb take a long beat , allow himself a moment to be quietly stunne by everything . herb ( softly ) Jesus wept . {continued} bill herb ? you okay ? hers Taylor be a good kid . I want the son of @ bitch that do this . a highway patrol car pull in off the road , red light revolve . Brian be sit in the back seat , handcuff . bill maybe we get he . closeup = meg she have just get into the back seat of she parent 's car , she mother 's arm protectively around she . she look over and see Brian . closeup ~- brian his eye lock with meg 's . he look hopeless and angry . closeup ~ meg she look away as the car pull out . cur to : ext - ridge ~- night the dead end of a rural road end in a classic , tree -shroud lover 's lane . crane down toward Scott jeskey 's batter white ' 63 impala , which be perch on the crest of the ridge overlook the countryside . Morgan High decal adorn the fogge rear window . we hear girlish giggling from inside , int - car Scott have the prematurely voluptuous VICKI desoto cornere against she side of the seat , grapple with she . she be more than a little tipsy , but still put up resistance . VICKI Scott , cut it out ! I tell yout scott fall innocence ) VICKI nindicate she waist } that 's the imaginary line , and you can not cross it . {continued} wa tal scott what be you , Libya ? ( beat ) c'mon , Vicki , you be wear my ring now . that make you my girl . do not that count for something ? she smily coyly , admire the school ring hang on a thin gold chain around she neck . scott ( cont . ) ( move in again ) cimere , baby . but she avoid he , point at the flash red light in the distance down the hili . VICKI hey , what be all that light down there ? be not that the hospital ? scortrt probably some promotional gimmick . they be give away free tonsilectomy or something . he advance on she again , but she wriggle away . Scott notice she empty cocktail glass . scott ( cont . } saaay , young lady , it look like you be ready for another of my famous cherry cooler . VICKI I think I have have enough . scott nonsense . ext - car he get out , go to the rear of the car , and cpen the trunk . a two - tiere homemade bar unfold , complete with ice chest and swiggie stick . ( we alse see a small cardboard box fill with school ring and cheap gold chain . ) he grab a bottle of 159 proof everclear grain alcohol and a bottle of cherry juice . Scott my own special blend of fine import liqueur . ent - car Vicki nod off in a boozy stupor . ( conting rarr D} be i angle on car door Scott have leave it open . we now see wisp of steam rise from the undergrowth nearby -- the tall grass rustle ... parting . ext ~ car - scott still at the trunk . he take a cheesy hand -held mixer and whip the drink into a froth . int - car ~ close angle on OPEN door the blob coze over the doorjamb , slithering under the seat . ext - car ~ scott he plop a cherry on top of the drink and slam the trunk . scott just the thing to beat the heat . int ~ car balance the drink so as not to spill a drop , he get back in the car , slam the door shut . scott ( cont . ) jeez , it 's like a steambath in here . he see that Vicki be slump in she seat . he hold out she drink . scott ( cont . ) Vicki ? {no reaction ) Vicki , here 's you drink . nothing . Scott contemplate the situation . he put the drink down and take a long look at she . VICKI out cold , but still lock terrific . her cotton blouse reveal a hint of spectacular cleavage . scott ye can not pass up this sort of opportunity . he scoot over , put he arm around she nonchalantly . scott yup . hot as a dog out tonight . weird for September , do not you think ?... Vicki ? ( continued ) we wo still not reaction . he become bolder , scott ( cont . } that 's a nice blouse . good material . must be awful hot though ... he reach over and carefully undee a critical button . scopt ( cont . } that 's better , hun ? no ? well , maybe one more . he loosen a second button , but the girl remain oblivious . Scott finally decide to go for it . he reach he hand deep inte she blouse ... and we hear a wet , squishing SOUND . sscot ? ( cent . ) wha ...? he try to withdraw he hand , but can not . Vicki 's body begin tremble . her face loll toward he , as if seek a lover 's kiss -- and @ bloody froth bubbles out of she slack mouth . Scott begin to scream . something within she blouse yank Scott 's hand in deeper <-~- vaporous steam rise from she body as she tremble become a violent convulsion -- Scott be jerk in up to the elbow , he arm vanish into she midsection . her torse begin to collapse inward with a grotesque crunching SOUND -~ she feature be suck into she face and she forehead collapse as the blob appear , dissolve its way out of she body . Scott be draw kick and scream into the horrifying mass like brer rabbit into a nightmarish tar baby . ext - car Scott 's foct smashes through a side window , kick and flail wildly . his scream end abruptly and the foot go limp ... then ts drag slowly back into the car ... we hear soft squishing scund . CUT to : int - meg' bedroom - night extreme closeup on a tiny horse - draw sleigh in a delicate miniature landscape . a gentle snowfall whirl peacefully in the liquid sky of a soothing , magical world . wider angle the room be dark . meg be in bed , she head rest on she ( continued ? i oo fold arm , gaze at the oversize paperweight on she 1 nightstand . the event of the evening have kotally wrung she out ~- she 's completely drain , unable to sleep . her parent ' voice drift up from downstairs , mr . benny ( 0.s. ) i know I should not have let she go out with that little son of a bitch in the first place . mrs . penny ( 0.8 . ) lower you voice . that poor boy 's probably dead . ( beat ) I want to know what happen out there tonight . mr . penny ( 0.s. ) whatever if be , you can bet that flagg kid be behind it . it 's about time they nail that littie psychopath . his ass be gonna fry for this , believe I . meg listen as footstep approach . the door open . her mother enter with a glass of water and a valium , and sit on the edge of the bed . mrs . penny here . take this . meg I dontt want it . - mrs . penny come on , honey . you need to sleep . meg reluctantly take the pill and drain the water giass . mrs. penny ( cont . } that 's my good girl . now not another word . I be sure the police will have this thing settle by morning . she kiss meg 's forehead and go to the door . meg Mom ? her mother turn back , silhouett in the doorway . meg ( cont .} you do not believe I either . ( continued ) kas mrs . penny ( pause ) you be home now , you be safe , that 's all that matter . she exit and shut the door , leave the room in darkness , meg sit up in bed and spit the valium into she hand . she rise quietly , open she bedroom window , and peer out . easy access to the backyard . she hurriedly start to get dress . cur to ; ext «= ridge - night low angle -- Scott jeskey 's impala be in the background , silently perch on the ridge above town . steam rise gently from the smashed window . in the deep foreground , a dainty squirrel appear from a stand of tall grass , sniff the air . it peek skittishly through the underbrush at the car as if sense something unnatural have take place . suddenly , the squirrel be yank into darkness with a squeal . beat . the reed slowly part and the blob slither into view , the frantically struggle squirrel slowly be suck into its disease maw . the blob cut a corrosive , smoulder trail through the shadowy underbrush as it slither into a concrete drainage ditch . Scott 's school ring glitter dully just under the surface of the slime as it vanish into the sewer . . pan away to the light of Morgan City , twinkle softly in the distance . cur tos int - sheriff' station - night the station be small and cluttere , the sort of place where the hold cell be directly adjacent to a communal office area . Brian be sit in a straight - back wooden chair , sullen and angry . deputy Briggs hover close , question he . herb be at he desk , foot up , watch the interrogation ' intently . bill okay , flagg , let 's hear if again . ( continued ) 38 ian glance up at he briefly ... and purposefully remain ilent . Bill look over to herb . bill ( cont . ) look at he . he 's too stupid to know how much trouble he 's in . ( back to Brian ) why do not you wise up ? brian I tald you everything . I be tired of hearing myself talk . bill we be not boring you , be we ? Bright kid like you ? brian look , be I under arrest or what ? if I be , I want a lawyer . bill ( sarcastic ) the man want a lawyer . brian yeah , that 's right . and if you be mot gonna book I , I would like to leave . either way , I want you out of my face . Bill grab Brian by the front of he jacket and drag he close , nose to nose , bill oh yeah , hardass ? I be in you face to stay ! what be you gonna do about it ? Brian answer the challenge by give the deputy 's chin a sloppy lick . Bill cock he fist back , furious . bill you little shit . I oughtta bust 's you head open . herb ( interrupt softly ) Bill , Bill cealize he 's cut of line . he let Brian loose , then turn away , wiping he chin . sally jefper , the matroniy radio dispatch operator , enter . herb turn to she . ( continued ) hers get in touch with he old man ? sall can not seem to find he . bill probably pass cut drunk in some whorehouse . brian ( clap sarcastically ) ocoh , good one , Briggs . call a shrink , I be a break man . Bill glare at he . herb get up , motion he deputy over . another angle herb and Bill step into the deep foreground . Brian be in the background , out of earshot . herb turn he loose . bill herb , we get witness place he at the scene of the crime . herb no motive . no evidence . not a spot ef blood on he . flagg 's a punk , but he 's no murderer . bill I think it 's a mistake . herb you objection be duly note . now turn he leose , we get work to do . another angle they turcn back to Brian . Bill hate tc do it , but nod toward the door . bill take a hike . brian ( heavily sarcastic ) gee , Brian . we be awfully sorry we hassle you . seem we go and make a@ mistake . stupid we . ( continued ) Bill point a finger in Brian 's face , glower with barely repress rage . bill you be push you luck . herb go on , flagg . get out here before I change my mind . Brian head for the door , give Bill a infuriate grin . brian {as he exit ) you oughtta change you aftershave , Briggs . it taste like shit . cur to : ext ? - sheriff' station - night Brian exit the building , come down the step , and walk along the sidewalk . the street be dark and desert . he be smoulder with quiet anger . headlights appear behind he -- a powder - blue yw bug be come up the street . it pull alongside with meg at the wheel . meg Brian ? I need to talk to youl he glance over , but keep on walk . he want nothing to do with she . meg ( cont . ) Brian ! meg jam the wheel against the curb , cut the engine , throw the parking brake on , and jump out . she run after he , finally catch up . brian what the hell be you do here ? she show he a credit card she 's carry . meg I come down to bail you out . brian nindicate the jail ) what do you think that be , neimann Marcus ? they do not take plastic . he take the card and slip it into she shirt pocket , ( continued ) brian ( cont . } look , I appreciate the think . now ge home . meg but I need to talk to youl brian I be sorry about you boyfriend . 1 really be . but I be tired , I be hungry , and I be in no mood for conversation . he turn and walk away , head toward the tick tock diner . she stand , watch he go . int - tick tock diner Fran be at the counter , clean up . GEORGE ruiz , the short order cook , step from the kitchen , set down a mop and pail . he head toward the front door as Brian enter . brian George . franny . que pasa ? fran ( give he a smile ) hey hot -shot , we be close . brian Fran , please , I have be dumped on all day . gimme a break , huh ? fran : awww , what 's the matter , dear ? tough day at the office ? ( he grin ) the grill 's shut down . how about a sandwich ? brian beautiful . Brian sit down at a booth as George start to lock the front door with a key on a retractable chain . meg enter , push past he , George shrug , then lock the door . meg join Brian , sit across from he . brian Jesus . you do not give up . meg I need you helo , ( continued ) a nd brian what a surprise . and it think you come out of the sheer goodness of you heart . meg I come because I think we could help each other . brian in three year of school you have not say shit to I , but now that you need my help we be old buddy , right ? meg nobody believe I about what happen tonight . brian what do happen ? meg but you be there ! you see ! brian all I see be a old man with a funky hand . Fran appear , set a sandwich , potato chip , and a Coke in front of Brian . she nod at meg . fran can I get you something , hon ? meg no thanks . Fran leave . meg lean in , speak in @ low , desperate voice . meg that thing on he hand kill he . then it kill Paul . and whatever it be , it 's get bigger . Brian give she a long , blank stare . brian that 's what you tell the cop ? { she nod ) can I ask you a personal question ? meg sure . — — ( continued } ro hat brian I know you be the homecome queen type and all that ... but be you a little strung oub on something ? she begin tremble with anger and frustration . meg {low voice - tight ) you be just the same . brian huh ? meg you act like you be different ... you put on this big show ... but you be just like everybody elise in this town . you be full of shit , flagg . she get up to leave , but he grab she arm and gently but firmly make she sit down again . : brian hey , wait a second . cimon , take it easy . the fight seem to go out of she -- she try hold back tear , but do not quite succeed . Brian cut he sandwich in two , offer she half . brian ( cont . } here , eat something . ( she shake she head , refuse it } go ahead , you will feel better . she finally take it . Brian be watch she intently , but she will not look at he . brian ( cont . } I be amaze , ( she finally look up ) I never hear you say '' shit '' before . what be that like for you ? she can not help it -- she finally laugh , a release of nervous tension . : ext - field - night deputy Briggs lead the search for Paul Tyler 's remain . a half dogen firemen and paramedics tramp through the marshy ( continued ) a 4 field in a rag line , flashlight sweeping the tall grass as ground mist drift past . the hospital can be see dimly in the background . Briggs speak softly into he walkie-talkie to herb back at the sheriff 's station . bill we be come up empty . you want we to head into the foothills ? herb ( filter ) negative , I would rather have you patrol the street . we will start again at first light when the state police get here . bill ten four. {to man ) you hear he . let 's head back . cur to : int - sheriff' station - night herb hang up the handmike and click the radio off . he rub he face wearily . Sally jeffer approach , offer he a cup of coffee . sally you look exhaust . herb ( accept the coffee ) be a long night . thanks . sally gonna be even longer . herb that 's the truth . oshake he head ) one deputy and six volunteer . I feel like that one - legge man in the ass-kick contest . sally you be do all you can , herb . this be not you standard Friday night drunk . herb dig a scrap of paper from he pocket , ponder if . insert - paper the diner receiph with Fran 's note on it : " I be off at l1:00 . % ( continued ) ro u herb he glance at the clock , frown . it ig 10:45 . sally something wrong ? herb just worried about a friend of mine . guess I be worried about averybody tonight . CUT to : int - kitchen - tick tock diner - night on one side , a grill with a serve window that look out onto the dining area . on the other , a long stainless steel counter with a large industrial sink . a hallway lead to other room in the back : office , stock room , walk - in freezer , etc . Fran enter and set a tray of dirty dish on the counter . as she turn to go , she hear a ugly gurgling SOUND from the stainless steel sink . she peer into the basin . her Pov - the sink the drain be back up . pilthy water well up into the basin and greasy bubbles break the surface . fran she sigh , then pull a plunger from below the sink . she be about to attack the drain when George enter and see she . GEORGE here , I will get that . he confiscate the plunger . Fran grin at he chivalry . fran hey , knock yourself out . she exit . George put the plunger in the sink , furiously work it up and down . the drain remain clogge . he lean down , inspect the cily surface cf the water ... ... it ripple as several bubbles gurgle up ominously . George roll up he sleeve and reluctantly stick he hand down the drain , grimace with disgust . his arm disappear up to the elbow , he feel around for a long beat ... nothing . ( continued ) he withdraw he arm and towel it off with a dish rag , eyeing the stubborn drain with irritation . he lean over the sink , peer straight down into the clogge drain . beat . a slimy red coil shoot up into he face like a monstrous frog 's tongue , yanking he head - first down into the sink with unbelievable force . int ~ diner Brian and meg be at they booth . he be speak softly . . brian look , even if I be convinced , I be the wrong guy to back you up . I be not exactiy Mr. credibility in this town , you know ? Fran approach and set two plate in front of they , each contain a piece of apple pie . Brian lock up at she . brian the sandwich bust I . pran on the house . last two piece . eat up or I chuck ‘em in the garbage . brian naccept with a grin ) I '' not proud . she clear away the dirty sandwich dish and head back toward the kitchen . int - kitchen Fran enter and freeze in horror , unable co comprehend the sight before she : the sink George 's body flop arcund in wild convulsion as the blob rapidly dissolves he , suck he down the drain like a snake wolfing down a rat . his head and neck have already vanish entirely . int ~ diner a ear-spiitting scream from the kitchen . Brian leap up . brian fran ? ( continued ) he run to the xitchen , meg at he heel . int - kitchen Brian and meg rush in and freeze , dumbfounded . George be thrashing and jerk spasmodically as the blob continue drag he down the drain . his upper torso be entirely go ~~ the sink start to buckle , pipe groaning . hysterical , Fran start forward as if to help . brian don't touch it ! George 's leg churn wildly about , foot swell from the incredible pressure -- ~~ a shoe explode across the room in a spray of blood -- -~ then the leg get suck away with lightning speed , toe burst in sequence . George be go . wide angle a long , breathless hush . Brian and meg on one side of the room , Fran huddle on the other . nobody move . nobody breathes . suddenly , the blob shoot straight up out cf the drain in a surging column of slime and form on the ceiling in the space of a heartbeat . it cling upside down , a pulsate , blister , ooze vision from a nightmare . brian realizing Fran be cornere on she side of the room , he reach out to she . brian fran ! come on ! but the blob react , shoot tendril of slime , cut he off , he leap back , stumbling into meg . the blob go after Brian , surging blindly through the overhead florescent , smash they , twist the electrical conduit right out of the wall in a explosion of plaster and 4a screech of twist metal . a electrical surge blow out every light in the diner with a shower of spark ... ( continued ) brian and meg they careen from the kitchen with the blob at they heel , blunder through the dark into the back hallway . Electrical spark hiss and dance from explode light fixture . Brian crash against the back deer , but it do not budge . brian it 's lock ! the blob close in , a nightmarish silhouette undulate down the wall after they . meg grab Brian and drag he into the large walk - in freeger . int = freezer they slam the door shut and stumble to the far end of the freezer , slip on ice . they cringe back amidst hang meat , breath come in puff of vapor , eye rivete on the freezer door ... .eea it slowly bulge inward with a ominous groan . Brian and meg huddle closer , grip each other tightly . the door start to buckle . the bottom molding pop off and shoot across the room ... meg let out a sob of terror ... a grop flap of slime slither in under the door , probing across the freeze floor ... but then , inexplicably , the appendage waver ... and begin to reverse itself , suck back under the door . Brian and meg stare at the door , not quite believe the attack have stop . CUT to : int - diner Fran be rattling the front door . it 's lock . she 's trap inside . she turn back , lock around frantically , and see a side window that look cut into the alley . she hurry over and try tc open it . it 's hopelessly stick . she strain against it , but it 's no use . suddeniy , she hear a SOUND behind she in the darkness : a chair scraping across the floor . she whirl around , breath eaught in she throat , gaze into the darkness . her Pov the diner be shadowy , dark , still ... but then the table and chair at the rear of the diner begin move slowly , drift coward she as if catch in a gentle swell . a huge unseen presence be beneath they , come she way . ( continued ) fran whimper with panic , she pick up the nearest chair and hurl it through the window in a explosion of glass . ext - diner pean clamber out the window , scraping she knee and elbow bloody as she send garbage can clatter in all direction . a scruffy alley cat leap out , yowling . at the far end of the alley stand a lone phone booth in a pool of light . Fran scramble to she foot and run up the length of the alley to the booth -~ then pause , look back . her Pov - the alley empty and still . there be no sign of the creature . fran throw herself into the booth , frantically dig out the business card sheriff geller give she earlier that day , and fumble 4 quarter into the phone . she wait for a dial cone ... but do not get one . she start pound the cut - off switch to get she quarter back , constantly look back to make sure she be not be pursue . she jump , hearing a distant crash of glass ... and a scream that end abruptly . cur to : int ~ freezer - night Brian stand with he ear press to the door , listen . meg stand behind he , shiver from the cold . they both look sick and daze in the aftermath of terror , meg anything ? Brian step back from the door and shake he head . he see she shiver and peel off he jacket , offer it to she . meg ( cont . ) } Tim okay . he slip it over she shoulder anyway . beat . ( continued ) wo oo brian ( softly ) hey , do not worry . we be go to get out of this . they put they arm around each other , both seek strength and comfort . cur to ; int ~ phone booth ~ night Fran be pound on the phone , try to get a diai tone . she look around -- still no sign of the blob . she finally get a tone and begin to dial ... as hideous feeler of blood - red slime begin to undulate down the outside of the phone booth from above , suck along the glass like a leech 's underbelly . she see the blob and scream , drop the phone as the creature slowly engulf the entire booth . she wedge she leg against the door and grab the dangle receiver as : recorded voice ( filter ) we be sorry , you call can not be complete as dial . please hang up and try again ... Fighting back panic , Fran keep the ’door jamme shut as she re-deposits the quarter . she dial with shaking finger , breath come in short burst of stark terror as the booth be totally submerge in the dim red light filter through the creature . the line finally start ringing at the other end . the pooth 's metal structure groans like a sink ship as the blob apply pressure . tiny red bulge of slime appear along the joint . ringing continue . fran ( sobbing ) please God ... Sally jeffer 's voice come on the line . sally ( filter ) sheriff 's department . fran help I , please ! gst the sheriff ! with a sharp SNAP , a jag crack appear in the glass next to Fran 's head . sally ( filter ) he step out . be it a emergency ? another cftack in the glass . Fran turn and see ~~ closeup ~~ imbed in the bloh , sheriff gelier 's hideously dissclve face be inch away , press up against the glass , leer in at she . Fran begin scream as if she may never stop . high angle look directly down at Fran as ali four side of the phone booth explode inward at once and the blob engulf she . on fran already melting ... scream silently within the red morass as the ghastly remain of herb geller entwine about she in a final lover 's embrace . CUT to : int - freezer - night Brian and meg face the door . he glance at she . brian you ready ? meg Net really . neither be he , but he prepare to open the door nevertheless . he spot a long meat-hock on the wall and grab it , hold it like a weapon . slowly , very slowly , he unlatch the door and start to swing it open , ready to slam it shut at the slight hint of attack . cutside the freezer the door creak open all the way , revealing Brian and meg frame in the light . they emerge cautiously , tentatively . the place be a shamble : spatter blood on the wall , ruin light kixture , overturn shelf , etc . brian franny ?... prannsy ! silence . still en guard , Brian peer out inte the dark dining room . he turn back to meg. un 8 she 's go . Brian slip on something in the dark and bump into some shelf -~ and a red tendril flash from the darkness above . meg brian Brian lurch aside , strike out with the meat~hock as he fall back against the wall . a large open tin of jam fail from the shelf above and land at he foot , splatting ali over the floor . Brian rise , white as a ghost . brian great . I kill the strawberry jam . meg let 's get out of here . cur to : ext ~ church ~ night reverend meeker ( the preacher from the pharmacy scene ) step out of the all Saints Lutheran Church and lock the ornate wooden door . hear a distant tinkle of broken glass , he turn . he Pov of the tick tock diner . the shimmer bulk of the blob be slithering into the street and down a open storm drain . it vanish , leave the twisted , shattered remain cf the phone bosth behind . reverend meeker gasp in horror . rev . meeker merciful God . there be a loud crash as -- he Pov -- the diner 's front door be kick out . Brian and meg appear and race off up the street . '' reverend meeker hesitates a moment , then hurry toward the diner . { continued ) '' a be int ~ diner the preacher pause at the open door . jag shard cf plate glass stand like break tooth in the window frame . he hear a low moan from somewhere inside , rev . meeker helic ? he enter , thumping he shin against a overturn table . groaning seftly , he pull he key from he pocket and click on the tiny keychain flashlight , look around . rev , meeker ( cont . ) be anybody hurt ? no answer . he wind he way through the scattered table and chair , head into the kitchen . int = kitchen / hallway meeker be attract by the shaft of light spilling from the walk - in freezer . he start toward it , but hear the moaning SOUND again , rising in pitch . his breath catch in he throat and he turn to see : he Pov the alley cat hunch in the shadow , glaring at he with mistrust as it lap up the spill jam . meeker exhales , relieved . he turn to go , but something just inside the freezer door draw he attention . he step forward , gaze down at the floor , he Pov - closeup several tiny freeze crystal of the blob be imbed in the frost like rough , magical ruby . they seem to glow with a eerie inner light . rev . meeker bend closer , absolutely fascinate , the twinkle light reflect in he wire rim glass . he turn from the freezer and find a number of empty mason jar on a shelf . he grab one and unfasten the top . he crouch back down and scoops the crystal into the jar . he cap the jar and hold it up , gaze at he strange prize . cur to : int - sheriff' station ~ night Brian and meg burst in . Sally jeffer be fiddling with the radio console in a dither -- she can not seem to raise anybody , the phone be ringing , and the old lady be become overwhelm . meg we have to see the sheriff ! sally I do not know where he be . ( punch a phone line ) sheriff 's station . please hold . brian what about Briggs ? sally ( indicate radis ) ft can not raise anybody , ali I be - get be static ! ( punch another line } sheriff 's station , please hold . {to kid ) last I hear from the deputy , he be head up to elkins Grove to check out some disturbance . ( punch the first line ) sorry to keep you wait ... closer - brian and meg elkins Grove . brian that 's where '' find the old man . they rush out of the station , cur to : ext - country road - night meg 's vw race down the road , headlight cut the darkness . int - car Brian 's attention be draw to something on the road up ahead .* brian look . over there . ( continued ) i ) of o ext - road Briggs ' patrol car be park at the side of the road in the sail grass border the wood . meg pull in behind it and cut she engine . this be the same coad where the can man run in front of Paul 's car . they cautiously approach the patrol car . it sit silently , the driver 's door hang partially open . meg look like he leave in a hurry . Brian peer suspiciously into the empty car , then survey the surround wood . brian ¥o , brigg ! {no reply ) he 's up there somewhere . meg in the wood . in the dark wood . brian right. ( beat ) we could wait here . meg ( sigh ) while that thing wipe out the whole town ? she start up the hillside into the forest . Brian follow she , mutter : brian never think I would go out of my way to ind a cop . CUT to : ext ~ forest ~ night meg and Brian wend they way through the dense undergrowth . the pale moonlight filter through the thick latticework of branch overhead , highlight the drift groundfog ina mute glow . Brian bump he head on a low-hanging limb . brian tt feel like fuck hansel and gretel out here . we should 'a bring bread crumb . i continued} wr rno meg shhh . I think I hear something . they stand freeze , listen . there be silence , ... then a distant thrumming SOUND , a low level vibration that fade in and out so quickly it might have be imagine . brian what the hell be that ? meg shake she head -- she have no idea , they proceed @ short distance , then the low rumble can be hear again , come from all around they . Brian and meg grow more apprehensive by the second . suddenly , a bright light source flare up deep in the wood , suffuse the sky with a white glow . the kid back away . brian ( cont . ) maybe we should get out of here . meg maybe you be right ... before they can move , the deep vibration get louder ... the light approach , throw move shaft through the tree , turn night into day . a unnatural wind kick up suddenly , whipping the foliage into a frenzy . they turn to run , but the light sweep over they , churn light and shadow in crazy pattern , the wind almost knock they down . slip and stumbling , they scramble for escape -- but come bo a dead stop , see : there Pov six unearthly , glow men be come over a ridge toward they , silhouett in the blind light , approach through the wind - whipped mist like figure in a dream . a blaze row of light be rise up from behind they , hover in the air , spotlight sweeping the night . another angle meg and Brian be crouch low , buffete by wind , pin in a cirele of intense light , with a deep rumble of muffled rotors , the source of the light sweep by directly over they head , spiraling up into the air , revealing itself to be a streamline high - tech helicopter as the ghostly man approach meg and Brian , we see that they be dress head to toe in white plastic suit . tiny voicebox ( continued ) a speaker be situate just below they faceplate . tight two shot - meg and brian eye wide with apprehension , not know what to expect . wider angle one of the figure step forward and lay a friendly hand on meg 's elbow , help she up . doctor trimble be a elderly gentleman in he 76' , with a henest - to - God twinkle in he eye . he give they a warm , reassure smile . trimble do not be frighten . we be here to help you . CUT to : ext - forest ~ night dollying - Brian and meg be escort briskly through the wood as the man and woman in white suit bombard they with overlap rapid-fire question from both side . data be be seribble like mad on clipboard . meg be try to be cooperative , but she 's a little overwhelm . Brian , however , be get more irritate by the moment . trimble be a few step ahead , lead the group . activity swirl all around they ; sweeping light play through the forest , give glimpsis of man in white plastic suit everywhere . brian lock , who be you people ? white suit # 1 name ? meg meg penny . white suit # 2 name ? brian mega penny . she 's a imposter . he bat away a blood pressure sleeve as 4 White suit try '' bo put it on he arm . brian ( cont . } get that off 'a meet a oo white suit # 1 be you a resident of Morgan City , meg ? meg uh , yes ... white suit 41 have you ever have high blood pressure or heart disease ? meg no. white suit # 2 ( to Brian ) diabete ? brian no thanks , I be try to cut down . white suit # 1 have you be experience any vomit , nausea , or diarrhea ? meg that 's gross . Brian catch up with trimble , who be obviously in charge . brian hey , you wanna fill we in , pal ? whe the hell be you people ? trimble I be Doctor trimble . we be a ~ government - sanction biological containment team . meg biological containment ? trimble we be microbe hunter , young lady . before trimble can continue , we hear : brigg ( 0.8 . } flagg ! another angle revealing deputy Briggs walk by , escort by the plastic } suite colonel hargis , a& no - nonsense professional soldier with a .48 colt automatic on he hip . wu we brigg ( cont . } what be you do here , boy ? brian the Men from glad here be show we how to keep we leftover fresh . brigg this people be here on serious business . they do not have time for you bullshit , understand ? trimble Colonel , have the deputy be brief in detail ? hargis yes sir . brigg I be head back into town now to get thing start . trimble splendid . Colonel hargis will arrange a escort . Briggs and hargis continue on , trimble wave he group forward , urging they to keep up he pace . there be a lot of activity through the tree -- man in white plastic can vaguely be see set up equipment and light near the metecr crater . meg what 's go on over there ? trimble that 's the source of we worry . a troublesome little souvenir from space . a moat in God 's eye , meg what ? trimble a meteorite . fascinate , she move forward , but trimble restrain she gently . trimble ( cont , ) do not get too close . there 's danger of contamination . ( continued ) meg £ do not understand . trimble I will make it simple . the dinosaur rule the barth for million of year , and yet they die cut almost overnight . why ? ( meg shrug } the evidence point to a meteor that fall , bring alien bacteria with it . a bacteria for which there be no natural immunity . meg Plague ? be that what you be all about ? trimble oshake he head , smile ) prevention . think of we as that apple a day that keep the doctor away . brian and you think you meteor bring some killer germ from outer space ? trimble it 's something I have expect ... and prepare for ... all my life . brian that meteor bring something all right , but if it 's a germ , it 's the biggest son of a bitch you have ever see . meg and get bigger . trimble freeze in he track -- so dee everyone within earshot . all attention go to meg and Brian . then , softly : trimble would you care to enlighten I ? CUT to : ext - base camp ~ night panning with a helicopter that sweep directly overhead and land in front cf we -- camera pick up trimble and he group as they escort meg and Brian through a impromptu base camp that be take shape all around they : truck and van , ail ( continued} design to look like nondescript commercial vehicle , a arrive and be unload by White suit , the operation be gain momentum . trimble I can not begin to thank you both . this information be incredibly valuable . please , get in ... he wave they toward the back of a unmark , windowless van . meg where be we go ? trimble back to town . Morgan City be under quarantine until we have isolate that organism and check every live soul for sign of infection . Brian stop in he track . he do not like the sound of that at all . brian in the meantime , we be you prisoner . trimble nonsense . you be my patient . brian sound like the same thing to I . meg briani trimble Young man , I be far teo busy to debate the point with you . now please step into the van . Brian take meg by the hand and start back up toward the wood . brian look , thanks for the offer , boc , but my bike 's right over there and we can make it back on we own . ( wave goodbye ) by the way , love you tailor . gotta get I one of that . Colonel hargis and two whith suit with m - 16 appear , loom ever Brian . hargis be huge and humorless . he speak softly . ( continued ? ) hargis get in the van . this be obviously a order not to be question . brian {quickly back down ) yan cide sound nice . Brian and meg climb in . hargis slam the door shut , then holler up to the driver 's compartment . hargis get this civilian to the relief station a.s.a.p.l private ( 0.8 . ) yes sir ! the engine start and the van rumble away . CUT to : int ~ van - night meg and Brian sit on simple clean bench that line the wail of the windowless compartment . Brian rise and try the door handle . brian it 's lock . meg so what ? ( beat ) Brian , what 's with you ? you be act like a complete jerk . brian I have a problem with authority figure . he pull moss ' ratchet from he jacket pocket and start work on the lock . meg what be you do ? brian I think we should get cut of here . meg * ( nonpluss ) what ? {continued} brian we ought to get my bike and blow this town . thing be get a little thick . meg Brian , that 's crazy ! this people be here to help we ! brian come on , meq . we do not even know who they be . NASA ? CIA ? the Royal canadian mounties ? all I see be 4 bunch of unmark truck . the whole thing stink . meg we can not just run out ! brian let 's think of it as look cut for we best interest , the lock pop free and the door swing open . he turn to she . brian ( cont . } you come ? meg I have to go back , Brian . my family 's there . people I care about . brian I be go . if you be smart you will come with I . meg ( bitterly ) then go , take care of yourself . it 's the only thing you be really good at , be not it ? Brian take @ beat , stung by she word . brian nobody else ever volunteer for the job . be turn to the door and watch the ground flash by , pick he spot . as the truck slow for a turn , Brian leap out the back and ( continued ) on ee tumble nead over heel through the roadside brush , roll down @ short incline . he come to a stop and rise , watch the van until it disappear down the road . brian ( mutter in disgust } Christ , flagg . a cheerleader . he turn back toward elkins Grove and start walk . cur to : ext ~ campground ~ night susie , a gorgeous blonde in cutoff and T-shirt be neck passionately with lance , 4 & young camp counselor with rippling biceps . they sit under the rough-hewn wood awning of a picnic table shelter . a gardener wear a baseball cap putter around in the background , trimming the grass along a sidewalk with a electric lawn -edger . closer ~ the couple lance break from the embrace , momentarily come up for air . susie what 's wrong ? lance be not it awfully late to be trimming the lawn ? maybe that guy 's a peeping tom or something . susie ( playfully ) well , let 's give he something to peep at . closeup - gardener he look up inte camera -~ we see that he wear a blood - spatter hockey mask . he raise the lawn - edger inte frame and the blade whir menacingly as we CUT to <-- another angle -- chat reveal we be in a movie theater . Kevin penny ( meg 's littie brother} , he friend Eddie , and a third kid name ANTHONY be watch the bad slasher flick in rapt attention as they munch a variety of junk food . ( continued ) ay a lance ( o.8 . } I be tell you , something 's weird about that guy . hockey season end month ago . a obnexicus patron sit behind they keep talk , try to impress he girlfriend . patron watch this , he get the camp counselor with the electric Garden weasel , but the girl get away . we hear a loud whirring and a scream . Kevin cringe , peek through he finger . Eddie and Anthony watch gleefully , munch popcorn . patron {cont . } watch , she 's gonna run in the lodge and hide ... Kevin glance back at the patron , annoyed . kevin sshhh . pan off to the projection booth . int - projection booth thin shaft of light from the ancient projector barely illuminate the dark , claustrophobic room . phil hobb , the projectionist , sit with he foot up , expertly flipping a yoryo as he read a garish horror comic by the dim Light of a desklamp . charlie , a small spider monkey , be perch atop the rewind table nearby , pick at a bag of peanut . without look up , hobb hold out he hand and the monkey plop a peanut in it . hobb thanks . the monkey chiteer softly in reply as hobb pries the peanut from the shell with he tooth . he put the comic book down and wipe the sweat from he brow , phe room be hot and stuffy . hobb rise and cross to a large air conditioning vent get into the wall at chest level . he put he hand to the grill , testing for a breeze . there be none . scowl , he unlatch the vene and expose the open duct hole in the wall . still nothing . hobb ( cont . ) wonderful . ( continued ) 66 ge plop back in he sear and punch out a number on the phone . he execute some tricky yo - yo move as he speak . hobb ( cont . ) it 's hobb . listen , it 's boil up here . the aixc conditioning on ? {beat} well , it be not happen up here . come up and see for yourseif . he hang up and go back to he comic book . angle on AIR buct a barely audible metallic creaking come from within the shaft . close on monkey bis sensitive ear pick up the sound over the grind of the projector . intrigue , he abandon he bag of nut and skitter over to the duct . hobb oblivious , engross in the comic . AIR duct the monkey leap nimbly up to the mouth of the hole and perches there , look down the shaft with bright curiosity . hobb he hold out he hand for another peanut , wait . snap he finger impatiently . finally lock up . the monkey be go . hobb Charlie ? he hear the SOUND of groaning metal and the muffled cry of the frighten monkey behind he . he swivel around in he chair just in time to see Charlie disappear down the shaft . hobb {( cont . } hey ! he leap from he chair and rush to the hole . hobb ( cont . ) Charlie ? hobb try to look down the open duct , but can not see a thing . he pause , then put he entire head into the open . ( continued ) int ~- AIR duct hobb '! face be frame in a smail square of light at the top of the long shaft . he calis out , he voice echoing . hobb Charlie ! camera sowly begins to rise up the shaft toward hobb : we realize it be the blob' Pov . hobb ( cont . ) where the hell be you ? the blob' Pov pick up speed , finally rocketing up the shaft inte hobb 's face -- at the last instant , hobb react in horror , but néver get a chance to scream . CUT to : int - stairway - night the young theater manager trudge wearily up the narrow stair to the projection booth . he try the door , but it 's lock . manager cimon hobb , put down the yo-yo and open up ! no answer . sigh , he pull out he key and open the door . int ~ projection booth the manager peer into the dark room . it seem empty . manager hobb ? no reply . he enter , click on he flashlight and sweeping it across the room in a slow arc . hobb be nowhere to be see . the manager step further into the room , become apprehensive . closeup - manager manager ( cont . } hobb ? you in here ? suddenly , @ yo - yo descend into frame from above , spin to the end of its string . gasp , the manager swing he . flashlight up . low angle the narrow beam of the flashlight cut through the shadow to ( continued ) oy oo reveal hobb plaster to the ceiling directly overhead , ghastiy die eye stare down at the manager from @ dissolve face , mouth open and close as if try to speak . he twitches and convulse as he be drag slowly across the ceiling , he yo - yo hand dangle free . the entire ceiling seem alive ~- we get a impression of a horrific , writhe mass in which the projecticnist be imbed like a £ly in tree sap . even more of the creature be seethe from the air duct and crawl up the wail . huge copy tendril of slime snake down from the darkness toward the manager . the manager look up , mesmerize with terror . he finally find he voice and let out a long scream as -- int - theater - favoring kevin , eddie , ANTHONY the entire audience scream at a movie scare , drown out the doom manager 's cry . cur to : ext - town hall - night the town hall be a two -story brick building , the centerpiece of the town square . the front lawn be now the scene of a emergency relief station , soldier in white plastic suit be organize the local citizen as they arrive , many of they still dress for bed . Medical team be testing people in small group before send they inside . overall , the scene be one of confusion . loudspeaker voice please assemble in a orderly fashion and cooperate fully with we medical personnel ... the van carry meg arrive at the perimeter , a soldier run up , open the rear door , and meg get out . the soldier slam the door , then thump the side of the van with he fist . soldier clear : fhe van dull away . meg wander into the crowd , look around . closer ~ meg she spot she parent in line with Eddie 's parent . Mrs. penny be hold baby christine . ( continued ) a we = oy ay momi dad ! she rush over and embrace they . meg turn to meg 's father mrs , penny ( frantic ) meg ! thank God you be all right ! mr . penny where have you be ? you have we scared out of we mind ! meg where 's Kevin ? mrs . penny he probably snuck off to that damn movie . he tell we he be stay over at Eddie 's . eddie' mother Eddie say he be stay at you place . @ pass soldier . meg Excuse I , my little brother 's over at the movie theater on Main ! soldier miss , we be go by sector . we will get there shortly . meg you do not understand -- soldier ( curt ) @e will handle this , okay ? butt in , incense by the scldier 's attitude . mr . penny I do not see you handle much of anything , bub . you on a coffee break ? soldier look mister ... mr . penny do not " look mister '' I . Tim a taxpayer ! I pay you salary ! meg watch the argument take shape . exasparated , she fade into the crowd and slip away unnotice . int ~ movie theater - night up on the screen , two cute CO - eds in nighty be chat as they prepare a salad . Eddie and Anthony be stili deeply engross in the film , but Kevin be constantly be distract by the prattling patron behind they . patron oh , you will love this . he take the vegomatic and dice they to death . finally feed up , Kevin turn around angrily -- kevin will you please ... -- just in time to catch a glimpse of the patron 's shoe as he be yank violently straight up out of he seat , vanish from frame . Kevin and the patron 's girlfriend gape dumbfounded at the empty seat , then look up . wide angle the blob be writhe cut of all three projection booth window inte the dark theater . the scream patron be reele up by a tendril and suck into the gigantic mass . the entire audience be throw into a panic as they see the '' hideous creature descend upon they . Chaos ensue . the film jam in the projector -- a freeze closeup of a scream CO - ed appear on the screen , then melt away as the film burn . the projector go haywire , turn the theater into a flicker , strobing nightmare . angle on kevin he and Eddie be knock to the floor by the stampede crowd . Anthony be tear away from they , separate in the confusion . cuT to : ext - theater - night meg race up just as the door burst open and the panic erowd pour out into the street . she fight she way through the crush of body , call she brother 's name . curt to : ma joa int ~ theater - night meg enter and find herself in a terrifying , flicker nightmare . a cacophony of groans , shriek and the horrifying squelching of the blob reverberate in the darkness around she . we catch stroebing glimpsis of the blob writhe and lash out in @ feed frenzy as scream moviegoer clamber over each other to escape . a scream man burst up over a aisle seat near meg , only to be snatch away in mid-leap . meg ( scream ) kevin : meg be suddenly knock down by a man bolt up the aisle . SHOCK CUT - meg she land inch from a woman 's face that have be dissolve in half from forehead to chin . choke off a scream , meg scramble to she foot , stumbling over the corpse and down the aisle . meg kevin ! another angle Kevin and Eddie be cower in a corner near the theater 's curtain . Kevin answer she call . kevin meg ! she clamber over the row of seat to reach they , and drag they toward a side exit . meg this way ! they race across the front of the theater . suddenly , the blob flail up out of the strobing darkness , roll over the seat directly at they . — meg jerk the boy back as the creature lash out . its tendril strike a large plaster angel on the ornate wall behind they and instantly rip it away . they race past and stumble through the exit door with the blob right at they heel , ext - theater the door fly open and they burst into the alley as the blob fill up the short hallway behind they . meg slam the metal door shut just before the blob reach the threshold . they keep cun -~ ~= - but Kevin be yank back , bring up short . closer - kevin the hood of he jacket be firmly catch in the door . he scream , the door behind he bulg outward as the blob apply incredible pressure . Kevin struggle with the zipper . it 's stick , just like when he mother help he at home . meg grab the zipper and tug with ali she might , but it still will not budge . kevin ( stark terror ) stupid coat ! stupid coat ! the metal door squeal as it buige further . Eddie cower back as meg desperately pull on Kevin 's jacket , strain against the hood , the nylon will not give . bulge of slime press through the crack and fissure of the door , feel around blindly , grop at they foot . steel bolt burst out of the door hinge one by one . scream , meg grab the front of she brother 's jacket and , in a final desperate effort , rip it wide open . they dive away from the door just as it explode off its hinge and the blob surge out into the alley . another angle meg , Kevin , and Eddie race down the dark alley and turn a corner , only to find themselves in a dead end . meg search frantically for any mean of escape . she spot a manhole cover . meg here ! they struggle to raise the heavy metal cover ... and finally manage to shift it aside . ( continued ) the alley a dumpster be smashed aside , tumble like a child 's toy =~ garbage can explode out of the way as the silhouett form of the blob rampege after they . meg , kevin , eddie meg grab she brother and thrust he down the dark hole , then shove Eddie after he . she go down last , slide the manhole cover back inte place a instant before the blob flow over it . int - sewer above meg 's head , thin feeler of slime shoot through the tiny pry-hole in the manhole cover , tangling in the end of she hair . with a strangle cry she wrench free , leave strand siagling in the blob 's grasp . ext - theater exit Anthony crouch near the shattered theater door , peer around the corner , stare in shock -~ he 's see he friend escape into the sewer , and be watch the blob relentlessly work its way down after they . he finally tear he gaze off the creature and run back inside . ANTHONY help ! somebody help ! ' CUT to : ext ~ forest ~ night Brian be walk he bike through the undergrowth . he duck down as two plastic-suite soldier stroll by carry m-lé . bach man have a vicious-looking german shepard on a leash . the dog sniff the air . Brian crouch lower as a soldier sweep he flashlight beam vaguely in he direction . crosschatter issue softly from they walkie-taliky , voice ( filter ) we get the town seal tight as 4 drum . road close . phone line severe . civilian radio frequency jamme . over ... the soldier walk away . Brian wait until they vanish from sight , then press on . ( continued ) another angle Brian skirt the perimeter of the meteor crash site , which ig barely visible through the tree . voice and the SOUND of machinery drift softly to he . he look in the opposite irection and see : he Pov just across the moonlit field stand a narrow country road head cut of town . brian be smile . freedom just ahead . he start forward as : the shrill whine of a winch start up . intrigue , Brian peer pack . he lay he bike down and move a little closer to the site , crouching low . another angle Brian peer through the undergrowth at the crash site . the crash site a team of soldier in plastic suit be cluster around the crater . a small crane be now in place , its motorize winch whining as it struggle to pull the load from the hole . trimble , hargis , and jainway , a young scientist , be watch the operation . trimble gently now , gently ... closer angle - the crater the motor whine and the cable go taut . as the char and batter orb rise slowly into view , we see the dull gleam of a smooth metallic surface . it be a manmade satellite . close on brian amaze . crash site the crane arm swing the demolish satellite away from the crater and the team set about load it for transport . trimble incredible . just incredible . ( continued ) 75 jainy tion in space have a mutate effect on bacteria . trimble yes , but who could have guess this ? we little experimental virus have grow inte @ plasmic lifeform -- a predator that hunt its prey , for God 's sake ! it 's fantastic ! jainway ( concerned ) Doctor , the organism be exhibit a geometric growth rate . eight hour ago it be two ounce in a test tube . by all account , it 's now a thousand time its original mass . hargis gentlemen , this could put U.S. defense year ahead of the Russians . jainway you do not understand . at this rate , by next week there may be no U.S . trimble nonsense . all we have to do be contain it properly . this be a incredible scientific breakthrough , and I want it treat as a matter of top national security . hargis yes sir . we have get this town lock up tight . a radioman rush up with a field radio . radioman Colonel , we have have @ sighting . hargis {into receiver phone ) hargis here . '' insert - in the town a soldier speak to hargis on a radio phone . anthon sobbing hysterically as several soldier try to com pah ( continued ) soldier Colonel , we have get a eyewitness who say the organism pursue some civilian into the sewer . penny , Kevin penny , and &d beckner . back to crash site - close on brian he react . favoring trimble he turn to hargis , excitement building . trimble excellent . we need a schematic of the sewer system . we will isolate and contain it down there . it want that organism alive . hargis what about the civilian ? trimble {long beat ) they be expendable . brian a pair of plastie-gloved hand yank he roughly from he hide place and whirl he around -~ he find himself stare into the faceplate of a hostile soldier . soldier what do you think you be do ? trimble turn toward the commotion . brian struggle in the soldier 's grip , he glance at trimble . trimble glaring as he eye lock with brian' . brian whirl back , crack the soldier 's faceplate wide open with moss 's ratchet . the soldier stagger back , scream as he hand go to he bloody face . Brian take off through the bush , cun for he life . ( continued ) trimble trimble ( softly to hargis ) kili he . brian Brian come to he bike , wrestle it upright , and jump on , he kick= -start the engine as siren start howling . trimble 's voice be hear over loudspeaker . trimble ( v.0 . } we have a infected civilian try to escape . stop he at all cost before he reach a populate area . shoot to kill . Brian gaze longingly ahead at the road lead to freedom . he look back toward town , tear between go back and get away . he finally make he decision and churn the bike around in a tight turn . a searchlight play across the ground as a helicopter sweep overhead . Brian gun the engine , accelerate across the field . soldier running from the tree , let loose they attack dog . the animal take off after Brian in a bark frenzy . chatter burst of m - 16 fire light up the night . brian ~ moving shot he bounce over the rutte field as the ferocious dog pack close in from behind , snarling and snap . he open the throttle , leave they in the dust , another angle as Brian fly along the ridge of the riverbed , jeep aspear at the far end of the field , cut he off . he slam cn he brake and throw the bike into a wild turn , head in the other direction -~ but headlight be come from that side as well . Brian churn around in a wide circle . he 's béing surround on all side . he come to a stop . close on brian he look around , frantic -- he have a few second leave ab most . ( continued ) st oo brian Pov fhe ruin of the bridge teeter at the lip of the gully . the jump that defeat he eariier . brian no choice . he gun the bike and jam it in gear , surging forward . brian ~ moving shot Flying across the open ground , hair and jacket whipping in the wind , tire kick up a plume of dust . the dog pack swing in from behind , snap at he heel . brian Pov accelerate toward the bridge at hair-raise speed . brian - moving shot he throw the throttle wide ... and the engine sputter , just as it do before . the bike lose speed and the dog gain a precious few foot . Brian fiddle desperately with the fuel line , plead . brian not now ! please ... soldier pour from they vehicle . one raise he m - 16 and fire off a burst . brian - moving a high -velocity slug spang through he rearview mirror , smash if to splinter . the dog be now run alongside , snap at he leg . the bike sputter again . brian c'mon , c'mon ! enrage , Brian give it a tremendous kick . suddenly the engine scream and the bike rocket forward so fast that all Brian can do be hang on for dear life . brian [ ( cont . ) } whocooaaaba ! {continued } 79 the bike hit the ramp and fly into space trail loose timber and debris . the dog jam up on the section of bridge as they come to a hasty stop . brian and he bike soaring through the air like a bird , highlight in the glare of the helicopter 's spotlight . another angle he hit the ground on the other side of the gully with 4 jarring crunch , but manage to maintain control of the bike . he roar off into the night , flipping he middle finger over he shoulder . the helicopter sweep into frame overhead , spotlight search the tree . CUT to : ext - aqueduct ~ niget a conerete riverbed run along the edge of town , carry water run- off from the nearby mountain . at this time of year , the water flow be a mere trickle . Brian and he bike bounce over the lip of the aqueduct and race down the incline to the bottom , slip and slide . he head for the mouth of a large maintenance tunnel set into the wall of the aqueduct like a dark cave . the helicopter cruise in the distance , searchlight probing . it bank into a steep turn , head this way . Brian lay he bike down into a marshy growth of reed as the spotlight sweep dangerously near . closer ~ brian press himself into the ground as the craft swoops overhead , kick up a hurricane . it continue past , still search . Brian rise slowly , watch it geo . beat . he turn to the tunnel , peer into pitch darkness . cur to : ext - town - night yehicle arrive at a impromptu command post . hargis and frimble approach a soldier hunch over a fold to study a schematic of tunnel . ( continued } 2 of soldier the whole goddamn town 's sit on a system of agueduct . run-off from the mountain . hargis can we trap the thing down there ? soldier there seem to be three main junction ... ( point on map ) here , here , and here . we close off that valve , I think we get it . CUT to : int - sewer ~ night a maze of dark , drippy tunnel and ankle - deep water . dim maintenance light provide we only illumination . meg , Kevin , and Eddie trudge through a tunnel , hopelessly lose and confuse . Kevin clutches he sister 's hand in a tight , desperate grip . Eddie wipe he nose with the back of he sleeve , snuffling back tear . eddie be it still after we ? meg I do not think so . quiet now . kevin I will be good . I swear . I will never go to the movie again . meg it 's gonna be okay , kev. c'mon . let 's find a way out of here . cur to : int - sewer - night Three heavily armed soldier in plastic suit make they way slowly through the tunnel , flashlight probing the steamy darkness , weapon at the ready . they be very key up and tense ~~ they know what could be down here , and they do not ' dike it a bit . soldier $ 1 lean close to the sergeant . soldier $ 1 ( niss in he ear} sergeant ! the sergeant nearly jump out of he skin . sergeant what ? soldier # 1 I think I hear something ! sergeant that 's the sound of I have a heart attack , you idiot ! ( beat ) let 's see the map . Christ , we will never find that goddamn valve . soldier # 2 uh , sarge ... soldier # 2 point , direct he flashlight beam at the valve wheel , which be on the wall right behind they . sergeant ( shoot he a look ) awright , let 's close it up and get out of here . cur to : int - sewer - night a larger chamber where tunnel intersect . the floor of the chamber be a lake of murky , bilious water . a concrete spill - off ramp angle from the water at one end of the chamber . meg , Kevin , and Eddie enter , they eye immediately draw by a shaft of light ( from a streetlamp ) spilling down through a open storm drain above . a series of cross -brace pipe thrust from the water and run up the far wall to the storm drain . meg point to the storm drain . meg c'mon . that 's we way out . they wade into the rancid waist - deep water and start across the chamber . meg hear a soft squealing and peer through the darkness around she . meg '’s Pov a large , grizzle rat paddle through the water nearby . meg look away , disgust , meg ugh ! watch out for that rat . ( continued ) close on rat the paddle rat be suddenly yank underwater . favoring kevin he look around uneasily , try to spot the rat . kevin what rat ? meg look back , but the rat be go . she peer around suspiciously , grow more and more uneasy as they press on . a soft squeal draw she attention . her Pov another rat drift nearby , cling to a float piece of garbage . suddenly , the rat be suck under , garbage - raft and all . favoring meg she freeze , realize the blob be near . she turn to the boy , she voice rise in panic . meg c'mon ! hurry ! they struggle through the murky water , the slippery bottom slow they down . a unnatural whirling suction now begin to churn the water up behind they . something be beneath the surface ... slowly get closer . eddie what 's happen ? meg go ! go ! they reach the far wall where the pipe lead up to the storm drain . meg boost Kevin up . he frantically begin to climb the slippery pipe . meg grab Eddie to send he up next , but he 's suddenly rip from she grasp by a unseen presence beneath the water and propel scream back across the chamber . meg eddie ! Eddie be suck away . meg dive after he , vanish beneath the surface . ( continued ) kevin progen halfway up the pipe , scream in terror . kevin meg ! no ! the water swirl as it settles down ... nothing be visible beneath its rancid surface , Eddie and meg be both go . Long beat . meg suddenly break the surface , gasp for air and look around desperately . meg eddie ! kevin ( scream and cry ) it got he ! get out of there ! meg back up toward the pipe , still search ... still hope . nothing but silent , rippling water around she . but then -- Eddie burst from the water directly in front of she , pop up like some hellish jack - in- the -box , he face a twisted nightmare image encase in slime . she scream . then he be jerk back under , vanish as suddenly as he appear . low angle meg frantically splashes over to the pipe and begin climb up after Kevin ... as the water in the foreground begin to swell up , roll off the glisten blob as it slowly rise from the muck , meg and kevin climb frantically . Kevin slip a few foot , but meg be there to catch he . meg keep go ! she lock back . in the dim subterranean gloom , she see the blob slowly rise from the water like some primeval demigod . even more of the creature be slide into the water from a tunnel at the rear of the chamber . it have become immense . meg ( softly ) oh my God . ( continued ) with we hanging on with one hand , she shove Kevin up the last yard to the storm drain . kevin wriggle out onto the street to freedom and turn back to heip she . she try to climb out after he -~ but doesntt fit . the blob sense its prey above ... rise up ... tendril form and unwind ... slime open up like a gape maw .. meg struggle desperately , try to squeeze herself through , she shoulder firmly wedge . Kevin tug on she arm with all he might , cry . she scream in frustration . meg run , kevin ! run ! but he just keep pull . a tunnel drawn by she shout , the three soldier rush into the chamber from a tunnel directly in front of the blob , slogging through water . soldier # 1 ( horrify amazement ) what the hell ... he raise he m - 16 . the sergeant knock the barrel aside . sergeant we have order not to fire ! suddenly , a coil of slime rip the sergeant off he foot . meg hear scream and the chatter of gunfire below . meg Kevin . run to the town hall ! kevin but -- meg do it now ! Kevin run off . meg scramble back down the pipe as the creature thrashes about in darkness , devour the scream ( continued ) x or sergeant . soldier # 2 in waist - deep water , illuminate by the staccato burst of he m - 16 -- shocked as the ground beneath he foot begin to swell . a huge flap of slime curis up out of the water behind he . soldier # 1 soldier # 1 ( scream ) you 're stand on it ! soldier # 2 too late . slime erupt around he , engulf he from both side like a gigantic venus flytrap . meg she reach the bottom and splashes through the muck toward the spill - off ramp at the far side of the chamber . the blob sense she and turn ... meg scramble up the steep ramp ~~ but slide back down the slimy moss - cover concrete , the blob churn through the darkness after she , a unstoppable juggernaut . whine with fear , meg struggle to get up the ramp . as if in a nightmare , she continue to lose ground . we hear a engine 's roar , grow louder . another angle like sudden thunder , Brian burst from a tunnel at the top of the ramp on he motorcycle , skid sideways to a stop . he grab meg 's hand and haul she onto the back of the bike as the blob lash out , miss she by inch . he gun it and roar off . ' int tunnel - moving shot meg , laugh and scream , hold onto Brian for dear life as they rocket down a perfectly round tunnel , headlight pierce the dark . he suddenly hit the brake and come to a skitter stop ... just inch from a wall . ( continued ) brian Dead end . they glance back . there Pov the tunnel be silent and still . no sign of pursuit . but then the blob begin surging up through slotted vent on the floor of the tunnel , cut they off . it swell up , charge at they in a flail rage . brian and meg brian hang on . he churn the bike around , point straight at the blob . he revs the engine higher and higher , make it scream . meg ( mount panic ) what be you do ? Brian jam the bike in gear and shoot back down the tunnel . the blob surging toward they as it writhes up through the floor . brian and meg - moving shot roaring to meet the blob head on , meg briiiaaannn ... 1 another angle at the last instant , Brian guide the bike up the curve wali of the tunnel like a carnival stunt cyclist . they roar over the blob upside down , defy gravity through sheer momentum and centrifugal force , and spiral down the other side of the curve wall just past the pulsate horror . they keep right on go . central chamber they burst out of the tunnel back into the central chamber and take a spill -- Brian and meg flip over the handlebar of the bike and hurtle through the air inte the water . ( continued ) a7 closer they come up , gasp for air ... and find themselves tangle in the half - dissolve corpse of the sergeant . they scream , fight with it . it bob away , sink out of sight . they spiash out of the water and keep run , disappear into a tunnel . Brian be now limping on a injure leg . another angle they run right into soldier # 1 as he pop from the darkness , scare the hell out of they . his faceplate be crack open down the middle , he face be streak with blood . soldier # 1 oshellshock ) it get ‘em ... bigelow and the sarge ... brian how do we get out of here ? soldier # 1 they be try to scream ... inside it ... try to scream ... Brian grab the front of he suit and shake he violently , bashing he back against the wall . brian you gotta show US the way out ! the soldier cringe away , almost weep with pain . his arm flop at a unnatural angle -~- it 's break . shatter bone stick through the plastic of the suit . Brian wince . brian oh Jesus . meg Brian ! he turn to she . she gesture back toward the chamber . there Pov just beyond the mouth of the tunnel , the blob be pour back into the chamber , seek they . ~ brian , meg , soldier the soldier back away slowly ... then turn and bolt with Brian and meg right at he heel . ( continued ) 88 steadicam they race through tunnel , twist and turn . a voice come from the soldier 's walkie-taikie , try to raise somebody . voice ( filter ) Baker team ! Baker team ! what the hell 's go on down there ? the soldier do not bother answer . just keep run . another angle they come to a vertical shaft that lead straight up to a open manhole . Brian peer up the shaft . brian we be come up ! looking up the shaft plastic-suited man be peer down the manhole , shine light . trimble and hargis appear . closer ~ trimble ~ low angle he see Brian . beat . trimble Close the manhole . the man near he react . hargis turn to he angrily . hargis that 's my man down there . trimble we have to contain that thing . now close it off . that 's a order . the manhole cover slide into place with a grating SOUND , shutting we into darkness . brian , meg , soldier soldier # 1 ( wail ) nol noooooooocoo ! Brian push past he and dart up the ladder . ext ~ STREET trimble stand by as a truck be back over the manhole , its rear tire come to rest right on the cover , ( continued ? ) eo so people gravitate from the town hall nearby , draw by the commotion . int ~ sewer - on brian he reach the top of the ladder and slam up against the manhole cover . it do not budge . he holler up . brian you son of a bitch ! Brian slide back to the bottom of the ladder as the soldier plead frantically into he walkie-talkie . soldier # 1 Colonel , you can not ! that thing 's down here with we ! Brian grab the walkie from he . brian trimble ? you hear I ? ( no reply ) talk to I , man ! soldier the water 's rise ... it 's come for we ... Brian and meg look down . the water level be indeed inching up around they ankle . the soldier lean against the wall and slide to the floor , weep . Brian turn hopelessly to meg . all be lose . there be a long moment of silence between they . then , softly : meg I think you be gonna look after yourself . brian I guess I blow it , huh ? ( pause ) I be sorry , meg . I really be . meg I too. {beat} Brian ... brian yeah ? he look at she , expect something profound . instead , she direct he attention to the soidier at they foot . ( continued ) 90 thelr Pov a handheld grenade launcher be strapped to he belt . the word - " explosive projectile -~ caution : blowback " be stencile along the side . brian and meg he look up at she , a grin slowly spread . he give she a fast hard kiss on the mouth that rock she back on she foot , then stoops down and rip the grenade launcher off the soldier . brian this thing work ? the soldier reach up with he good hand and yank a cock lever back . soldier it will not do any good . not against . that thing . Brian look up the shaft , raise the walkie-talkie to he lip . brian hey trimble ... ext - STREET - trimble unmove by Brian 's voice . int - sewer brian if you will not listen to I , listen to this ... he step back and point the grenade launcher up the shaft one-hand . meg dive to the side as -- meg shit . @- Brian pull the trigger and -- ext - STREET ~ wide -- the explosion rip up through the manhole , flipping the truck onto its side , trimble be hurl away like a rag doll . int - sewer Brian , meg , and the soldier pick themselves up from the rubble and stagger toward the ladder through choke dust . ( continued ) will bo ext ~ STREET trimble lie daze , groaning . around he , hargis and he man be stagger to they foot . deputy Briggs run up , trail by townspeople . another angle Brian crawl from the smoking manhole , follow by meg and the soldier . Brian grab a fall m - 16 and swing it in trimble 's direction , murder in he eye . Briggs draw he service revolver and level it at Brian . brigg flagg ! Drop it ! brian it 's a lie ! all of it ! brigg I say put it down ! I will blow you out of you shoe , boy ! trimble pick himself up , stand on shaky leg , see the m - 16 in Brian 's grip . trimble ( to hargis ) shoot he ! hargis level he m - 16 , but hesitates . he 's a soldier swear to obey , but this thing be spiraling out of reason . another angle Briggs swing he revolver toward trimble and hargis , stunne by the order to shoot . other soldier click~ clack they weapon . Brian keep he m - 16 on trimble . a tense stand - off . brigg all right , hold it . everybody just put you gun down . trimble he 's infect ! contagious ! he will spread a plague through this town and kill you all ! the townspeople gasp , draw back . Briggs swing he revoiver back to Brian and step away apprehensively . ( continued ) brian listen to I , briggsi think for a minute ! you suppose a army of guy in plastic suit show up every time a meteor fall ? trimble shoot he ! that be a direct order ! brian how would they get here so quickly ? how would they even know to come ? trimble shoot , damn it ! shoooot ! brian I will tell you how ! that " meteor " be manmade ! it 's some kind of germ warfare test ! they fuck up ! trimble hurl himself at hargis and wrestle the m - 16 out of he hand . he fumble with the slide , cock it . Briggs swivel he gun back at trimble . brigg do not try it ! trimble open fire , he aim wild . Brian hurl meg to the ground , cover she . Briggs be winge and spin to the ground , revolver discharge into the air . suddenly , a tendril of slime shoot out of the manhole and flail through the air . closeup ~- trimble's feet the slime thwacks around he ankle like a bullwhip and -- wider angle -- yank he clean off he foot . he smack the ground facedown and be drag back across the pavement toward the manhole , tangle in the strap of the m - 16 , struggle and scream -- he be draw into the manhole , but get stick , the m - 16 wedge under he arm , closer ~ trimble scream and scream , jerk violently from below , arm flopping convulsively . his suit begin to swell from within . the blob appear inside he helmet , ooze up inside he faceplate . ( continued ) 33 his eye bulge , hellishly aware ... then he face be entirely engulf in slime . the m - 16 's strap break and trimble be suck away in the blink of a eye . favoring hargis he and he man be stare at he manhole , aghast . hargis rip he helmet off and hurl it to the ground , finally feed up . he grab a m - 16 from one of he man . hargis let 's scrag that thing . he and several of he man step forward and furiously empty they weapon down the manhole , the roar of gunfire deafening . hargis ( cont . ) . satchel charge ! short fuse ! another soldier pull the ripcord of a satchel charge the size of a phone book and toss it down the hole . the man step away . beat . a explosion blow a tongue of flame up out of the hole , follow by drift smoke . all be still . hargis ( cont . ) chew on that , slimeball . then the concrete beneath they foot begin to tremble ... subtly at first , then more violently . hargis look around , bewilder . hargis ( cont . ) what 's happen ... brian ( softly ) I think you piss it off . suddenly the blob shoot straight up out of the manhole into the night sky , shatter the surround concrete , suck soldier up with it . hargis and he man be snag like fly on flypaper , kick and scream as they rise on the impossibly huge pillar of slime . hargis be stick out of the blob from the waist up , m - 16 blaze , scream in rage as he ride the thing up into the air . defiant to the end , he rip pin from the grenade strapped across he chest as he be suck into the morass . ( continued ) wide like @ gigantic whale surfacing , the blob slam back down , buckle the concrete of the street , tilting streetlamp at crazy angle . some short out , other flicker wildly . hargis ' grenade go off inside the creature in rapid succession , lighting up the beast from within ... to no effect , brian and meg stumble to solid ground at the edge of the street . master shot in the erratic flicker of ruin streetlight , we see the blood -re mountain of noxious slime thunder after the flee people , its flail tendril snaring a half dozen victim . a sporadic chatter of gunfire come from the handful of remain soldier as frantic civilian race back to the town hall . brigg clutch he bleed side . shout to the panic crowd . brigg back ! everybody back ! reverend meeker be stand nearby , transfix by the sight of the creature , buffete by run people . rev . meeker my God . the Day be come . he start up the street toward the blob as if experience a religious vision . horrify , Briggs call after he . brigg reverend ! rev . meeker you do not understand . this be alli prophesied in revelation . another angle a white -suite soldier be assist by a second soldier as he snap on a flame thrower . the pilot flame ignites with a muffled thump . soldier # 2 you be hot ! ( continued ) 95 soidier # 1 step into the path of the roll monstrosity and let loose a whooshing stream of liquid fire . the flame enguif the blob , trail oily black smoke . suddenly , a coil of flame slime shoot out of the inferno and engulf the nozzle of the flamethrower . the tank on the soldier 's back explode in a fireball , obliterate he . reverend meeker be spatter with the flame liquid and stagger back , scream . he fall writhe on the pavement , he back and arm in flame . favoring meg meg the reverend ! brigg here ! meg help the wounded deputy haul a heavy co2 extinguisher from a fire truck . they rush over to the burn man ... right into the path of the oncoming blob , the blob undulate toward they greedily . meg and brigg Briggs drag the burn preacher back as meg blast c02 , extinguish the flame , the blob lash out . without think , meg blast the slime with freezing co2 gas -- and the tendril recoil like a snake writhe in pain . closer ~ meg back away , stunne by the dramatic effect of the co2 . she spray some on she hand . meg cold ! it can not stand the cold ! meg whirl around to find Brian -~- meg ( cont . ) briani it 's just like in the freezer ... -- but he 's nowhere in sight . ( continued ) brigg he can for it , meg . he 's go . meg look around in disbelief . Briggs haul meeker upright and drag he toward the town hall . meg cover they retreat , blast coz at the blob . town hall meg and Briggs drag meeker up the step , run with the last of the crowd . int - town hall - reverse angle they rush in with the blob surging up the step right behind they and slam the sturdy main door . there be a jarring impact as the blob hit the door ... but they hold . live slime burrow in through the crack , but meg blast it back with jet of co2 gas . Briggs turn to the people around he : moss , meg 's family , and many other . brigg pull all the co2 you can find ! we can hold it off ! a panicking man near ' the back of the hall holler at Briggs : man you hold it off ! we be get out ! a number of people murmur in angry agreement as the man rush to a window and start struggle to open it . meg no wait ! it 's all -- she never get to finish . the window explode inward and a pillar of slime leap on the panick man , engulf he . meg run up spraying co2 , but the extinguisher run dry with a loud rasping SOUND . moss rip a co2 canister off the wall and leap in to help , force the creature back outside . the blob recoil , drag its wildly kick victim with it . various angle Briggs , meg 's father , volunteer firemen , and other townspeople work together , frantically barricade window and door with desk , cabinet , etc . moss spray co2 as the blob try to slide under the door , ( continued ) so a ) brigg barricade ail the entrancesi and get more co2 over here ! people be run from various part ef the building , bring two small co2 extinguishers . brigg ( cont . ) be that it ? a shrill scream be hear . another angle a woman scramble away as the blob writhes up out of a air vent . a man with a extinguisher hurry to she rescue , blast the slime back down the vent . as he help the woman to she foot , a huge coil of slime burst from the open fireplace behind he and jerk he away . he 's crush to death as it drag he up the chimney . MAIN door bulg inward as the flagpole wedge through the door handy snap . cabinet and desk wedge against the door begin to slide back . Briggs , meg 's father , and other strain desperately to hold the barricade in place . closeup - door the blob push its way through the widen crack . moss climb halfway up the barricade and shoot a burst of co2 at the creature .. , but he extinguisher run dry . brigg strain against a bookshelf . brigg we need more co2 up here ! suddenly , the blob explode out of the row of book on the shelf and wrap around Briggs 's midsection , sink through cloth and flesh . mrs . penny cringe back with Kevin and christine in she arm . ( continued ) 98 brigg scream , literally be fold in half as he 's drag through the bookcase shelf ~~ clutching one shelf in a white - ~ knuckle death grip , he eye roll wildly in agony . with a horrific crack of snap wood and shatter bone , Briggs be jerk through the bookcase and vanish , the break section of shelf still clutch in he hand . towns people panic , scream , and stampede as window and door shatter , buckle , crack , and bulge . plaster dust drift down . reverend meeker lie in the midst of the chaos , badly burn and moan deleriously . rev . meeker and the great voice say to the seven angel , go you way and pour the vial of the wrath of God upon the Earth ... and lo , there fall a noisome and grievous sore upon-men which have the mark of the Beast ... mrs . penny , kevin , christine Kevin bury he face in he mother 's arm as they all scream . kevin mommy , don't let it get US ! cur to : ext - moss ' garage - night all be quiet on this desert section of Main Street . suddenly , the front plate glass window of the darken mechanic 's shop shatter as the huge indian summit snowmaker explode cut of the building and plow through a row of park car , scatter they like tenpins . int ~ truck Brian at the wheel , steely with determination . ext - town hall - master the blob be attach to the building like a gigantic pulsing parasite , its grip unbreakable . headlights play across its rippling surface as the snowmaker roar up the street , enormous tractor tire bounce across the buckle pavement . ( continued ) 39 int - town hall ~ meg huddle with she family in a final , terrify embrace as the building groans and shake , ready to come down around they . meg look up slowly ... hearing the deep rumble of the approach truck . int ~ truck cab the truck squeal to a stop , air brake hiss . Brian throw a lever beneath the steering wheel . ext ~ truck a tremendous plume of manmade snow arc out of the chute extend over the cab ... the water and liquid-nitrogen tank on the flatbe give off roll wave of frosty mist as water be turn to instant snow . the blob writhing in pain as the snow shoot into its body . steam billow as a violent chemical reaction take place . int - town hall people scream in darkness as the main door barricade collapse -~ and the blob withdraw from the building . ext ~ MAIN STREET the blob rear away from the town hall , lurching toward the street to confront the attack snowmaker . brian jam the truck into gear and hit the gas , head dead center for the crawl monstrosity . low angle the blob pick up momentum as it thunder across the shattered pavement in a unstoppable charge . the truck - moving shot spray snow in a massive torrent , Brian at the wheel . master the blob smashes into the truck with the force of a tidai wave , flipping it into the air like a child 's toy . the truck erash to the ground , cab and water tank disengaging and skid apart . ( continued ) 100 int - town hall meg peer from the main door as people crowd behind she . meg brian ! she clamber over the collapse barricade to get outside . mrs . penny meg ! noe ext ~ STREET the blob engulf the truck cab , which have land upside down . the ruin flatbe body lie on its side nearby , snowmake apparatus hopelessly twisted and crumpled . int - cab Brian , bruise and bleed , hang upside down , desperately try to unlatch he seatbelt as the blob engulf the cab . slime ooze against the glass on all side . ghastly half - dissolve corpse press against the windshield , leer in at Brian ~- we can barely recognize Briggs and a partial corpse in white plastic that might be trimble . the metal of the truck cab groans and buckle as the blob begin to squeeze , ext - STREET - meg she run toward the fall truck . the cab be now totally engulf in the pulsate creature . meg pause by the wreckage of the tanker section , she mind racing . the body of a fall soldier be beside she , dissolve below the hip . he still hold he m - 16 in a death grip . a satchel charge be attach to he ammo belt . meg hastily peel back the corpse 's finger . she grab the m - 16 and sling the satchel charge over she shoulder . town hall moss , meg 's father , and a few other brave soul kick the remain of the barricade aside and run out . mr . penny meg ! come back ! . int - cab Brian drop to the ceiling of the cab . there be a squeal of rending metal and the cab buckle violently as if catch in a car crusher . bare metal smack against Brian 's head , knock he unconscious . the windshield spiderweb with crack . ( continued ) ext - STREET meg run out into the open with the m - 16 , scream with fear and rage as she pull the trigger . the weapon spray wildly in she arm , almost knock she over . the blob bullet patter across its gelatinous surface . low angle ~ meg stand she ground before the creature , she scream at the top of she lung : meg come on , you pile of shit ! she let loose another volley , she entire body rattling from the recoil . another angle the blob slowly shift its massive bulk , a inquisitive " head " swiveling in meg 's direction . she fire another burst and leap aside as the blob lash a tendril at she . she roll to she foot beside the tanker and scramble up on it . meg you can do better than that ! c'mon ! she empty the rest of the clip at the beast from she position on the tanker . the blob release the cab and start toward she . int - truck cab Brian , still daze and bleed , look up through the crack windshield as the huge creature withdraw . ext - meg - on the tanker she toss the m - 16 aside , then wedge the satchel charge between the two massive tank of liquid nitrogen . she pause , take a last look at the charge monstrosity . meg ( softly ) come to mama , fucker . ( continued ) she pulis the ripeord and leap from the tanker -~- '' = but she boot snag on a piece of twisted metal and she flip upside down , slamm back against the tanker 's hull . closeup ~ meg' b00t a cag strip of metal peck through the material , the heel wedge firmly between two reguiator valve . meg dangle upside down , desperately pull at she trap boot ... moss and meg' father running to help meg -- but they be too far away . meg strain to reach the tick satchel charge ... it 's just beyond she grasp . the blob loom up over the tanker like a angry mountain , its bulk glisten in the nightmarish flicker of the streetlamp . the satchel charge tick ...tick ... meg struggle . second to go . doom . Brian burst up , throw he arm tightly around she , and lunge away ~~ she bleed foot pop right out of the boot -- they hit the ground and scramble away as ~~ wider ~~ the blob roll over the tanker . meg and Brian run , leg pump as they cover precious yard ~~ ~- a deafening explosion . meg and Brian be hurl forward by the ground - rip blast of frost , water , and ice . MAIN STREET a icy cloud blossom , rise inte the air . ( continued ) i 2 aw bxt ~ town hall meg 's mother , brother , and the rest of the populace be emerge from the building . reverse angle the blob lie in the middle of Main Street , now reduce to a great pile of jag , sparkling crystal of ice . towns people everybody look up in amazement as a beautiful , gentle snow begin to fall from the mist hang over the street . favoring meg she and Brian lie motionless a short distance from each other on the iced - over pavement , body cover in frost . meg slowly begin to stir meg ( daze ) Brian ? moss and she father reach she , help she up . meg ( cont . ) brian ! Long beat . Brian roll over and sit up , groan . he gaze up at the remain of the blob . brian ( softly ) whoa . what a rush . Brian and meg sweep into each other 's arm , laugh and cry at the same time . they share a long kiss , then gaze up at the last of the magically swirl snow cause by the explosion . moss {to Brian ) hey man . told you we would get snow . ( beat } you gotta have faith , Brian and moss grin slowly at each other . angle begins widening as moss turn to inspect the wreckage of the truck . he kick a tire . ( continued ) io eo es moss ( cont. ) } ( mutter ) I wonder if I be cover for this sort of thing ... angle continue widening as we crane up slowly for a final master shot . more and more people be gather around . some of the kid have already start pitching snowballs . fireman awright people , we get four hour till the sun come up ! let 's get a bulldozer and a dump truck and get this thing over to the icehouse ... slow dissolve to : ext ~ farm land ~ day camera booming up over a vast , windswept wheatfield in the rural midwest . a large patchwork tent stand near a dusty crossroad trail to the flat horizon . a number of batter pickup truck and rundown car be park around the tent . camera dolly slowly in as we hear the impassion , rythmic voice of a fire - and - brimstone revivalist preacher : voice ( from tent ) the will of God be write in the sky in finger of flame ! wormwood fall from Heaven , consume sinner and saint alike ! int - tent - closeup on preacher the preacher be barely recognizable as reverend meeker . he 's no longer the cherubic little man who bump into Scott jeskey in the Morgan City pharmacy . his eye have a manic gleam ... he hair , now long and scraggly , be streak with white ... the side of he face and neck be runnele furrow of heal scar tissue from he burn . drenched in sweat , spittle fly , he scream and shout he sermon , voice rise and fall in wave . rev . meeker ( cont. } woe to the inhabitor of the Earth and sea , for the final day be upon usi by the Lord 's word , the Earth shall be cleanse , the disease burn out , and the temple of the false prophet shall fall : ( continued ) another angle the tent be half - fill with rural folk , black and white who all ghare one thing in common -- poverty and hard time . they listen to meeker 's sermon with a eagerness border on joy , mutter " hallelujahs '' and '' amen .* rev . meeker { ( cont . ) there 's no more time for forgivin ' ! no more time for salvation ! who among we shall be raise to rapture when judgement trump blow ? ( beat ) only the faithful , brother and sister , only the faithful ! reverend meeker -- now totally spend and near collapse -- turn on he heel and disappear through a canvas flap beside the stage . a overweight young black woman and a rail - thin old man with a accordion start sing , lead the crowd in " when that Day arrive , sweet Jesus . " int - inner room singing continue 0.s. as meeker stand at a small fold table with he back to camera , tremble as he try to steady himself . on the table be book and other humble belonging . a surplus fold cot sit in the corner . he pour a shot of whiskey with a shaking hand and toss it down . a ancient black woman silently enter behind he . her weathered face be a map of hard time , she eye fill with tear .. she gather she courage to speak . woman when , reverend ? when ? meeker do not turn around . he take a long time before speak . rev . meeker ( softly ) ma'am ? woman the Day of reckonin ' ... how far off ? closeup - meeker his back be still to the woman . he lower he gaze , stare intently at something . rev . meeker soon , missus ... ( continued ) 16 camera boom down to the table , revealing the dusty mason jar from the tick tock diner sit on the fold table before he . Inside , a tiny blob slowly crawl in aimless circle . rev . meeker ( cont . ) the Lord will give I @ sign ... fade out 3 eas to cs ze be ]