the man who know too much a original screenplay by John Michael haye for educational purpose only final draft May 7 , 1955 convert to pdf by screentalk www.screentalk.org MAIN title int . bus - ( day ) - medium close shot Mr. and Mrs. Ben mckenna at the back of a motor coach with they seven year old son , hank . we do not see much of the background which be recede from we . they be study the countryside from the window at each side of they . the camera pull back down the aisle of the bus revealing the other passenger . they be a surprise , consist of arab man and woman , with a occasional civilian and french Army officer . the camera stop at the end of the bus . ext . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot the french driver and a couple of he companion , arab . ext . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot the camera move back to the rear of the bus , photograph the side window . at the bottom of the screen be the destination board . by the time we get opposite the window out of which the mckennas be look , we have be able to read the word " casablanca -- marrakesh . " int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben and hank be look intently out the window . jo 's interest seem only casual . hank daddy -- you sure I never be to Africa before ? it look familiar . int . bus ( day ) - mo . long shot shoot through the mckenna 's window at the landscape move by . it be semiarid desert . a line of blue - grey mountain in the distant . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot jo study the landscape . jo we see the same scenery last summer drive to Las Vegas . hank turn , and smile slightly . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 2. hank oh sure . where daddy lose all that money at the cr -- BEN hank ! hank -- table . Ben give he wife a look of exasperation , she smile at he . hank hey look - a camel ! int . bus - ( day ) - mo . long shot shoot through the mckenna 's window . the bus be enter a small arab village , squat stone and plaster building , narrow street , a few cart , donkey and one camel . a few pedestrian , mostly arab man , few woman . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben put he hand on hank 's shoulder . jo this be not really Africa , hank . it 's french Morocco . BEN ( to she ) Northern Africa . hank still seem like Las Vegas . BEN ( slightly indignant ) we be only a hundred mile north of the sahara Desert ! int . bus - ( day ) - mo . long shot the bus be pass through the center of the town . we move past a few shop , everything look drab and meager . the sun be strong and hot . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . long shot hank study the scene outside . he shrug . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 3. hank I dunno . in school they call it the Dark continent . ( he squint ) it 's twice as bright as Indianapolis ! jo and Ban smile at hank . BEN just wait till you see marrakesh . hank marrakesh . sound like a drink . Ben run he tongue across he lip . BEN you bet it do . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . long shot the bus roll on past the arab village into the open desert once again . it look parched and grim . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot tire of watch the sameness of the desert , hank grow , restless . he look about for something to do . Ben lean back against the seat and close he eye . jo take a paper- bound novel out of she bag , find she place . hank decide to wander down the aisle of the bus and test its possibility for adventure . the camera dolly back with he as he rather aimlessly make for the front of the bus , . have leave the arab village , the bus pick up speed , and be beginning to bump and sway somewhat . when hank be a little better than half way down the aisle , the bus sway in a particularly startling manner , cause hank to stagger . in order to steady himself , he thrust out he hand to grab the side of a seat . he miss the seat , and only succeed in clutching at the veil of a arab woman . unfortunately , he pull the veil from she face . int . bus - ( day ) - close shot the startle woman , instantly horrify , cover she face with she hand and give a sharp cry , int . bus - ( day ) - close shot with the bus still bump and sway , hank stagger a bit without realize that he still have , hold of the woman 's veil . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 4. int . bus - ( day ) - mo . shot the woman still cover she face , but from the seat next to she , and nearer the window , a arab rise and make a sharp comment in Arabic to hank . the arab 's robe be brown , with a turban -like hat combine twisted strand of white and pale green cloth , the arab start to move past the woman , toward hank , repeat he demand . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . shot people look quickly toward the sound , wonder at the reason for the trouble . int . bus ( day ) - close shot the bus driver scan he rear vision mirror for the source of the trouble behind he . int . bus ( day ) - close shot hank look up at the oncoming arab , and retreat uncertainly , not realize he be still hold the veil . int . bus - ( day ) - close shot the arab in the brown robe begin assault the boy in furious Arabic , indicate that he want the veil . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot two Arabs , and a veile woman , rise in they seat apparently disturb by what the brown-clothed arab be say . they be talk among themselves . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben and he wife , jo , be strain from they back seat and look down the aisle to see what be wrong . Ben look at he wife quickly and then back , indicate that hank be involved . int . bus - ( day ) - close shot still stare straight at the arab , both frighten and fascinate by he verbal attack , hank retreat . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 5. int . bus - ( day ) - mo . shot except for the french passenger , everyone in the bus be in a state of disturbance . the arab continue to advance on hank keep up a steady tirade of Arabic . int . bus - ( day ) - close shot Ben rise quickly and advance protectively toward he son and the oncoming arab . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . shot hank retreat and squeeze himself against he mother , still with the veil in one hand . Ben face the arab who stop , but continue he monologue for Ben 's benefit . BEN now wait a minute . wait a minute . simmer down . the arab continue point , talk . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot from a nearby seat a young frenchman in civilian clothes rise quickly . the camera pan he to Ben and the arab . he push in between the pair . louis ( to Ben ) pardon I . he turn to the arab , move he back a little , sharply silence he attack , and then begin , in Arabic , to explain firmly that the boy mean , no harm . it be a accident . the arab be not convinced , point to hank . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot the frenchman lean toward hank and take the veil he be still unconsciously hold . he hand it to the arab with a sharp command to return to he seat . the arab turn away carry the veil . as the camera pan he away , we see the spectator resume they seat , grow quiet . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot hank and jo relax . Ben address the frenchman , a pleasant - look young man . he be louis bernard . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 6. BEN I would like to thank you . without you help , anything might have happen . louis ( smile pleasantly ) a pleasure , monsieur . there be moment in life when we all need a little help . BEN May I introduce my wife , Mrs. mckenna . Louis turn pleasantly to jo. louis how do you do , madame . my name be Louis Bernard . she return he smile . jo thank you , Mr. Bernard . BEN and this be we son , hank . louis hallo , hank . he hold out he hand to hank , who take it . hank you talk arab talk . louis a few word . jo why be he so angry ? it be a accident . louis ( half shrug ) the moslem religion allow for few accident . ( to Ben ) May I be permit to sit down ? BEN oh , sure , sure . 0 for course . next to jo , there . louis ( pause ) I think he name be hank . BEN oh , uh -- ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 7. BEN ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) that 's my wife 's name . jo. jay oh . no " e . " int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot Louis Bernard slide into the seat next to jo , who move over slightly . Ben sit on the other side so that hank and jo be between himself and Louis . in the rear window behind they we see the retreate landscape of french Morocco . louis how different . BEN for josephine . call she jo so long , nobody know she by any other name . hank I do . mummy . she smile at hank , rub the back of he neck . louis now about the " accident . " you see , a moslem woman never take off she veil in public under any circumstance . hank they feed she intervaneously ? Louis look at the boy with some surprise . louis quite a big word for such a small boy . BEN I be a doctor . louis oh. well , he sound like one . BEN he can spell " haemoglobin " -- but he have trouble with " cat " and " dog . " louis ( laugh ) and where do you practice , Doctor ? BEN Indianapolis , Indiana . the good samaritan . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 8. int . bus - ( day ) - close shot jo seem to be study Bernard , as if puzzle . louis ( o.s. ) what bring you to marrakesh ? int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben seem happy to talk with somebody new . BEN we have be to a medical convention in Paris . and while we be in Europe , I think I would like to see Morocco again . hank daddy liberated Africa . Louis laugh a little . Ben seem uncomfortable . BEN I be up around casablanca with a Army field hospital , that 's all . int . bus - ( day ) - close shot jo he be listen . she seem annoyed at Louis Bernard 's question . she interrupt . jo do you live in Morocco , Mr. Bernard ? int . bus - ( day ) - mo . close shot he smile at she . louis oh no . ( to Ben ) I suppose you come directly from Paris ? BEN we look in on Rome and Lisbon a few day . hank and casablanca . louis I hope you will have time to truly enjoy marrakesh . BEN at the most we will have three day . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 9. louis you will naturally be stop at the hotel mamounia or La menara ? jo why ? louis ( smile ) they be hotel for tourist of good taste . the background , as see through the window of the bus , indicate that we be in a build - up area . int . bus - ( day ) - mo . shot it move through the outskirt of marrakesh , a somewhat more populate section , although the street be narrow and crowded . int . bus ( day ) - mo . close shot a persist with Louis Bernard . jo do you live in France , Mr. Bernard ? louis sometimes . hank do you eat snail . louis when I be lucky enough to get they . hank if you ever get hungry , we garden back home be full of snail . louis ( chuckle ) thank you for the invitation . hank that 's all right . we try everything to get rid of they . we never think of a frenchman . even jo have to laugh at this , and as the bus continue on into marrakesh , the three see to be fairly good friend bring together by the artless charm of a little boy . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 10 . ext . bus - ( day ) - mo . long shot the bus move slowly through the street busy with bicycle rider , arab woman carry thing on they head , man on foot lead donkey , a occasional camel , cart , horse - draw carriage carry elegant moslem woman , and ancient french automobile . ext . bus - ( day ) - mo . long shot the bus circle past the " medina " of marrakesh , the market place with its crowd , vendor , shopper , beggar , and the curious . it swing in toward the bus stop . ext . bus stop - ( day ) - mo . long shot the bus pull up to a stop , the door open , and the passenger begin to file out . the mckennas , together with Louis Bernard , be the last off the bus . arab helper have already climb to the roof of the bus , to unload the baggage . the clean - cut airline baggage of the mckennas be in sharp contrast to the hessianroped bundle of the Arabs . there be nearby fiacre to take the people to they various destination in the city , and some small , undersized taxi cab . ext . bus stop - ( day ) - mo . close shot hank rub he backside a little . hank next time take the train . BEN ( to Louis ) would you like to share we taxi to the hotel ? louis that 's kind of you , doctor , but unfortunately I have some business first . jo try to be casual . jo what business be you in , Mr. Bernard ? but he have turn he head and speak something in Arabic to a porter , who begin to gather the mckenna 's bag , and one belong to Louis . Louis turn to ben. louis however , I will be there later - perhaps we might have a drink together . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 11. BEN all right . but I will serve the drink in we suite . louis in that case , I will take you to dinner . BEN no . now that 's not a fair bargain . louis but I know marrakesh . I can show you a intrigue arab restaurant where the food be different , and the manner of eat exotic . BEN ( give in ) well -- that 's what we come here for . okay , jo ? simple one of that Arabian Night ? Ben take she arm , in a warm gesture . jo ( smile agreeably ) okay , but I be no scheherazade . BEN you will do . louis how would you prefer to travel to the hotel ? by taxi ? fiacre ? hank a wagon ! I want to ride in a wagon ! he point out one of the open horse- draw carriage . Louis look to Ben for confirmation . Ben nod assent . Louis turn to the porter , and order he in Arabia to put the mckenna 's baggage aboard the first available carriage . he pick up he own small bag . louis au revoir . I look forward to cocktail . he nod to Ben and jo , and pat hank on the head . jo Goodbye . BEN see you later . and think again . Louis smile , turn and casually stroll off toward the center of the market place . hank watch he for a moment , while Ben turn to see what be happen to he bag . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 12. hank I do not like people who pat I on the head . BEN ( turn to jo ) the carriage await , madame . jo turn from the retreate Louis , and steer hank toward Ben , the camera pan they to the fiacre . ext . bus stop - ( day ) - medium close shot the mckennas follow they baggage aboard the carriage . ext . bus stop - ( day ) - close shot Ben settles the excited hank into he seat . hank how do you like this ! a horse -drawn convertible ! jo look toward the market place , and something she see make she eye widen with surprise . ext . market place - ( day ) - semi - long shot as see from jo 's viewpoint , over the side of the carriage . the frenchman , Louis Bernard , be talk wit the arab in the brown robe and white and green hat . the same arab who be assault hank verbally on the bus . they be talk pleasantly , and smile . ext . bus stop - day ) - close shot jo turn to call Ben 's attention to it , when there be a sudden crack of a whip , a shout command to the horse , and the carriage start of with a abrupt jerk . it throw she head back . hank scream with delight . BEN hold on . hold on ! here we go ! the carriage move into the street with a rapid pace . jo look again to find Louis Bernard . ext . market place - ( day ) - semi - long shot Louis Bernard and the arab have disappear . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 13. ext . the carriage - ( day ) - mo . close shot jo slump back into the seat , try to evaluate whit she he see . the market place recede in the background . hank be now stand up , hold on to the side of the carriage and watch the sight . j0 Ben -- I just see Louis Bernard talk to that arab . BEN what arab ? jo the one who be shouting at hank for take the woman 's veil . he and the frenchman be talk like old friend . BEN all right . let 's assume they know each other , and Louis Bernard do not bother to tell we . what do that mean ? jo it mean Mr. Bernard be a very mysterious man . BEN he strike I as quite normaL jo what do you know about he ? BEN I know he name ... and , uh .... jo you see ? and he know you ' be a american live in Indianapolis , Indiana . a doctor at the good samaritan . you have a garden with snail , a wife , a boy who can spell haemoglobin . you go to a medical convention in Paris . stop at Rome , Lisbon , casablanca . you once serve in North Africa with a Army field Hospital -- BEN now hold on . wait a minute . we be just talk casually ... jo shake she head . jo not talk . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 14. jo ( cont 'd ) he be ask , you be tell . you might as well have hand he you passport . BEN what difference do it make ? I have nothing to hide . jo maybe Mr. Bernard have . BEN jo . I know this be mysterious Morocco . inscrutable native glide through twisted , narrow street , but -- jo ( irritate at not be take seriously ) oh , Ben ! BEN then relax . you be just mad because he do not ask any question about you . she look at he briefly without any expression . then she malt into a smile . jo bitter medicine , doctor . but I will swallow it . the carriage swing into the driveway of the Hotel mamounia . it be a rich-looking building , elegantly landscape . the camera pan it to the entrance of the hotel . several hotel employee move quickly to meet it . they help the mckennas descend , and assemble the baggage . ext . HOTEL mamounia - ( day ) - mo . close shot jo and hank look at the hotel . jo well . this ease the pain . hank what pain , mummy ? jo just a expression . Ben beckon the porter . porter bon jour , monsieur . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 15 . BEN will you take care of the driver ? porter qui , m'sieu . BEN my name be mckenna , Doctor mckenna . porter I will take care of everything , m'sieu . ext . HOTEL mamounia - ( day ) - mo . shot a moderately well - dress , middle - age couple emerge from the hotel . the man be dress in a dark grey flannel suit . the woman wear a light - weight , two - piece sweater and skirt , she catch sight of jo mckenna . the man with she beckon to a porter . they be Mr. and Mrs. drayton . drayton est -ce que vous ete libre ? jevous prend . porter oui , m'sieu . ext . HOTEL mamounia - ( day ) - close shot jo look at the couple , then look quickly away . ext . HOTEL mamounia - ( day ) - mo . close shot with a mark glance at jo mckenna , the woman whisper something to the man . he follow she glance . ext . HOTEL mamounia - ( day ) - close shot Ben reach for hank , and the mckennas move into the hotel . as they move past the camera , jo pluck at Ben 's arm . jo we be be watch . BEN oh come on . Ben give she a look of affectionate exasperation , and push she ahead of he into the hotel . the camera pan back to the couple leave stand outside . the woman be still look after jo mckenna . lap dissolve to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 16. int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - mo . shot it be now evening , and we be in the double bedroom and single bedroom of the mckennas in the Hotel mamounia . we be able to see through into the single room where hank be , brush he tooth while he mother supervise he get ready for bed . jo be already dress for the evening in a smart - look outfit . Ben be by the chest of drawer and mirror . he just lust finish put on he shirt . at the far end of the room there be a balcony over - look the hotel garden . by a small table stand Louis Bernard dress with unobtrusive good taste . he be look into the garden beyond . on the table be glass and a shaker of martinis . int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - mo . close shot in the single room occupy by hank . jo be put he clothes away . hank , have brush he tooth and rinse he mouth , emerge from the bathroom . he wear pajamas , but still have he shoos on . hank how about it , mummy ? one chorus . jo I be a little out of form , hank . hank one chorus , and that 's all . jo ( smile ) all right , Mr. hammerstein . what 's you pleasure ? hank ( happily ) quo Sera Sera . like you and Alfred drake . I will be Alfred drake . jo what 's you key ? hank whatever I happen to hit . he hum a note to give she the key . hank how 's that ? jo pretty original . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 17 . hank let 's go . he tap dance a vamp introduction to the song . he 's quite professional . then he stop , take a pose , and begin sing in a small , but not untalented voice . hank when I be lust a little boy I ask my mother " what will I be ? " will I be handsome ? will I be rich ? here 's what she say to I : jo take up the song . her voice be obviously professional , but beyond that , quite beautiful . jo que Sera Sera , whatever will be will be the future 's not ours to see que Sera Sera what will be will be que Sera Sera . int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - close shot Louis Bernard look up with some surprise , fascinate and delighted with jo 's sing ability . int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - close shot Ben , who be put on he tie , pause , and listen . there be a slight smile of pleasure and affection on he face . hank 's voice come over : hank when I be just a child in school I ask my teacher " what should I try " should I paint picture ? should I sing song ? this be she wise reply : int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - mo . close shot jo do a turn , take hank 's hand and he do a turn around she as she sing . jo que Sera Sera , whatever will be will be the future 's not ours to see que Sera Sera ! whatever will be will be que Sera Sera ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 18. hank look up happily to he mother , as she sing to he with love . hank whistle a harmony accompaniment to the next verse . jo now I have child of my own they ask they mother " what will I be ? " will I be handsome ? will I be rich ? I tell they tenderly : they sing the chorus in harmony together . hank and jo que Sera Sera , whatever will be will be the future 's not ours to see que Sera Sera ! what will be will be que Sera Sera ! just before they finish the song , there be a loud knock at the outside door . the song trail off . hank ( disgust ) there go we sock finish ! int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - mo . shot Ben go to the door , tightening he tie on the way . he open it . a waiter be there with a tray of food . waiter dinaire for thee boy . BEN ( point ) right in there . the waiter head for the single bedroom , as the camera pan Ben back to the dresser . louis I can not tell you how beautifully you wife sing . BEN yeah . she be pretty good . louis she 's marvelous . too bad it be interrupt . Ben pause in dress , speak almost to himself . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 19 . BEN I have have the same feel . often . Louis look at he briefly . there be a rattle of dish from the back bedroom . int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - mo . shot the waiter come out of the bedroom , follow by jo. jo ( indicating waiter ) he say the manager be go to send up somebody to baby sit . BEN good . the waiter nod politely , go out the door . louis Mrs. mckenna , permit I the pleasure of serve you a drink . jo thank you . he go toward the balcony for the drink . louis be you on the american stage , Mrs. mckenna ? int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - close shot jo turn , and give Ben a meaningful glance . " the frenchman be ask question again . " int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - close shot Ben give she a look of comic disparagement . int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - mo . close shot Louis come up , hand she a martini . louis Madame . jo thank you . let 's sit where it 's cool . the camera precede jo and Louis as they walk to the balcony . Ben , put the finish touch on he tie , watch they out of the corner of he eye . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 20 . jo take a seat , and Louis lean against the railing . jo yes , I be on the american stage , and the London stage , and even the Paris stage . louis oh ? jo I think you might have see I in Paris -- be french , and -- louis the theater , require time , and for I time be often a luxury . jo have you ever be to Paris , Mr. Bernard ? louis ( study she briefly ) I be bear there . jo take a sip of she drink , with some , frustration . j0 what do you do for a live ? louis buy and sell . jo what ? louis whatever give the best profit . she put down she drink with some exasperation . as she do , she glance back toward Ben . he 's get he coat , but pause to give she a slight smile and a look that say " you be waste you time . " jo ( more firmly ) just what be you buy , or sell , now in marrakesh ? louis ( sip he drink ) you know , I would much rather talk about the stage . if you tell I what to answer any ? before he can answer , there be a knock at the door , and he look toward it . she get to she foot , and start for the door . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 21. jo I will answer it . int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - mo . close shot the camera pan jo past Ben to the door . he have just put on he coat , and turn to follow she to the door . she open it , and stand in the corridor be a silhouett figure . we can not see the face . jo switch on a light , which reveal a rather studious look man of medium height stand there . BEN excusez moi , mais be cherche la chambre do monsieur Montgomery . jo look at Ben helplessly , who look over he shoulder toward Louis Bernard for help in translate the french . int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - close shot as the mckennas turn , the man in the doorway lift himself on tiptoe a little and give a sharp look in the direction of Louis Bernard . int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - mo . close shot the man immediately turn he attention back to Ben , and begin talk in break English . rien I be inquire for the room of a monsieur Montgomery . he ask I for a drink , and l -- BEN sorry , there 's no Montgomery here . rien then pardon I , monsieur , I regret disturbing you . BEN it 's all right . as Ben close the door , we see that Louis Bernard have be advance into the room for a better look at the man in the doorway , int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - mo . close shot the mckennas turn back to the room . Louis Bernard 's face he change slightly to the more serious . hank 's voice be hear off : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 22. hank mummy -- I can not cut this meat ! jo I will do it , hank . she go out of the room , glance briefly at Louis . louis ( to Ben ) May I use you telephone ? Ben gesture that the phone be he . the camera pan Louis to the phone , which he pick up , and begin talk in french ask first for the operator , and a certain number . Beyond that he conversation be a mystery , because he face reveal nothing . ( possibly speak Arabic . ) int . mckenna suite - ( night ) - mo . shot as Louis Bernard talk on the phone , Ben go to pick up he drink . he come back into the room , as jo enter once again from the bedroom . she look at Louis , then at Ben who shrug he shoulder . Louis finish he phone conversation , hang up . louis I be terribly sorry , but I can not go to dinner with you tonight . I have neglect a important matter which now require my attention . perhaps , another night ... he bow briefly and move towards the door . the mckenna 's look at each other quite bewilder . fade out . fade in : int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . full shot the camera be slowly moving around the interior of a arab restaurant catering to european tourist . it have a moorish atmosphere , and the diner be sit on cushion or low sofa . long-robed waiter be pad in and out from the kitchen , quietly and efficiently serve food . there be no arab woman to be see . the air have a smoky quality , and the room be fill with the murmur of voice and the clink of dish . perhaps soft music of a oriental nature be hear in the background . the light be supply principally from candle . as the camera complete its sweep around and come to rest on the entrance , we see Ben and jo arrive . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 23. a headwaiter , wear a fez , come forward . int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . close shot the headwaiter bow slightly . headwaiter bonsoir , Madame , monsieur . BEN good evening . my name be mckenna . headwaiter of course . the hotel phone . follow I please . the headwaiter turn and move into the restaurant , the mckennas follow he , the camera panning they . Ben be interested in everything he see . jo glance at the diner , and then a look of surprise start through she face . int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . close shot they be pass a couple who be seat on cushion eat . the couple look up at Ben and jo . they be the same two people we see come out of the Hotel mamounia just as the mckennas enter . the woman have stare at jo , and she do it again , nudging the man next to she with a elbow . the mckennas almost pass they , then stop . the woman continue half - look over she shoulder again , then turn back to she dinner . int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . close shot the headwaiter show they to they seat -- two cushion directly behind that of the two people who stare at they . headwaiter I think you will find this comfortable . he bow and depart . jo seem disturb , look around as if try to find another seat . jo Ben ... BEN sit down , jo , please . people be stare at we . she sit on the far cushion . her movement be graceful and easy as she sit tailor fashion . Ben , be tall and somewhat awkward , have trouble . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 24. first he kneel , and then with much struggle manage to fold he long leg underneath he . int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - close shot he turn to jo , expect to find she amused at he antic , but instead she face be serious , and she have a secret look about she . she lean close to he . jo you be right . people be stare at we . BEN what people ? she give a quiet , warning nod toward the two people sit behind they . Ben crane he head around , but all he can see be the back of a woman 's head . he turn back . jo they stare at we when we go into the hotel . BEN jo , will you stop imagine thing ? int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . close shot Ben look at she , then slowly turn he head to look behind he at the couple . as he do , the woman behind he also turn . they be stare directly at each other . mrs . drayton good evening . hear she voice , jo turn , look , and so do the man with Mrs. drayton . the woman then turn half way around toward jo . mrs . drayton you must think I awfully rude . I have be stare at you ever since I see you at the hotel . jo slide a glance of " see " at ben. mrs . drayton ( she peer at jo ) you be jo conway , the jo conway ? jo visibly relax and become jo conway . it 's Ben 's turn to give she a triumphant look in return . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 25 . jo yes , I be . Mrs. drayton turn to the man next to she . mrs . drayton do not I tell you ? I know I be right . int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . close shot another angle , feature the man , and Ben . mrs . drayton I be Lucy drayton , and this be my husband . drayton how do you do , sir ! BEN how do you do . we be Mr. and Mrs. mckenna . drayton my wife tell I Mrs. mckenna appear at the London palladium a few year ago . mrs . drayton of course we hardly ever see a show . Edward be such a old stick - in- the - mud . so I have to console myself with you record . drayton and I must admit I love them . I be not one for this terrible bee bop or whatever you call it . jo ( laugh ) thank you , Mr. drayton . mrs . drayton when be you come back to London ? jo possibly never again , professionally . mrs . drayton do not tell I you have give up the stage . jo temporarily . BEN it 's just that I be a doctor ... yes . and a doctor 's wife ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 26. jo what Ben mean be that there be no Broadway musical show produce in Indianapolis , Indiana . of course , if we live in New York ... ( for Ben 's benefit ) ... where I hear doctor be not starve ... BEN ( to jo ) I have nothing against work in New York . nothing except the fact that it 's very hard for my patient to come all the way from Indianapolis for treatment . drayton look at he wife disapprovingly . mrs . drayton oh dear , oh dear . I be always say the wrong thing . jo not the least , Mrs. drayton . mrs . drayton tell I ; Dr. mckenna do you always ..... BEN do you think we could get straighten around . lap dissolve to : int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . close shot we now find the drayton and the mckennas be sit in a group , eat dinner together . there be no back to back awkwardness . all be busily tear whole roast chicken apart with they bare finger . drayton hold a piece of chicken aloft , demonstrate the proper arab method of eat . drayton only the first two finger and thumb of the right hand . never use the smaller finger . and always keep the leave hand in the lap . jo do it have something to do with religion ? drayton more social than religious , I would say . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 27. BEN it seem to I if you have four good finger , and a thumb , you should use they all . j0 Three finger -- four finger -- for my money this be nothing but chicken in the rough . we have it at every drive - in back home . drayton well , as I be say , I be quite happy farming my bit of land it buckinghamshire , when this chap from the United Nations start worry I . mrs . drayton Edward be a big noise at the Ministry of food during the war , you know . drayton so , I pull myself up by the root , and here we be . United Nations relief . BEN that sound like interesting work . drayton you should see my report on soil erosion in Morocco ... ( sadly ) but nobody read it . jo be stare at the entrance to the restaurant . Mrs. drayton follow she glance . the two man stop talk , and eat , and also look . int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . long shot Louis Bernard be stand in the entrance of the restaurant . on he arm be a rather elegantly dress woman . she be also handsome and graceful . as he stand wait for the headwaiter , Louis Bernard look around the restaurant . his eye stop when he come to the mckennas . he look directly at they without the slight sign of recognition . louis trouvez nous un coin tranquille -- c'est possible ? ( could you show I a quiet place ? ) waiter certainment , monsieur . ( certainly , Sir ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 28. int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - close shot jo and Ben stare back . there be resentment in jo 's eye , and conjecture in ben' . int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . shot the headwaiter come up to Louis Bernard , exchange a few word with he which we cannot hear , and then lead the couple to a set of cushion in the far corner of the room . as he move away from the entrance , Louis Bernard do not look at the mckennas . int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . close shot as the couple traverse the restaurant , we four diner watch they -- the drayton out of idle curiosity , but the mckennas with grow astonishment as they realize that Bernard have no intention of recognize they , or speak to they . jo turn back to Ben . jo well just what do you think of that ? first he promise to take we to dinner -- BEN look , we only meet he today . we can not expect he to change he whole life -- jo oh , Ben ! what 's the matter with you ?! BEN nothing ! what 's the matter with you ?! jo I just do not like to be both privately and publicly insulted . BEN can you blame he ? turn down a old marry couple for a date with a girl like that ? jo we be not a old marry couple ! all right -- he 's a heel . I do not understand he -- and I be beginning not to like what he 's do to we whole night . drayton , quietly amused , be listen to Ben and jo. but Mrs. drayton be embarrassed . she make conversation at random . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 29 . mrs . drayton ( to drayton ) I must do some shopping in the market tomorrow . I do hope it will be fine . Fine , but not too fine . of course , I how we English weather be awful , but I sometimes think we do not know when we be lucky . all this sunshine , day after day . it seem unnatural , somehow . Ben make as if to rise , but jo hold he down . BEN I want to get up . jo Ben , I know you -- once you get work up , you will start a fight . now please , sit down and forget he . drayton ( to the mckennas ) by the way , it would be pleasant if you would let we show you round the market place , tomorrow . jo Louis Bernard , the big buyer from Paris , be go to take we through the market tomorrow . BEN ( start to rise aaain ) good . I will just go over and cancel out . she push he down again . jo Ben , do not . we dinner 's get cold . ( to the drayton ) we would love to go with you . Ben glare in Bernard 's direction , and then pick up a chicken leg . jo I do not know why Ben get so work up over unimportant thing . Ben look a she slowly , and with some amazement . then he eye lift a little and he see the headwaiter stand nearby gesture to he to please use only three finger . Ben look down at the chicken leg . he be hold it grip in he fist . this be too much . he throw the leg down to he plate in disgust . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 30 . int . arab restaurant - ( night ) - mo . close shot over in the far corner of the restaurant , the lady with Louis Bernard lean forward and murmur something in french . her gaze be across the room in the direction of the mckennas . woman c'est les deux que cherchez ? ( be that the couple you be look for ? ) Louis turn slightly and look . he glance back at she and nod significantly . louis oui . ( yes . ) fade out . fade in : ext . market place - ( day ) - establishing shot it be around eleven o'clock in the morning in the main market square at marrakesh . this be usually the busy time of the day . there be coaches arrive from the countryside with the arab farmer alight with they baggage , veile woman get off the coaches and go into the market . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot a closer view of the shopper -- veile woman , man on bicycle , cart and donkey pass . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot the water seller move slowly through the market , they large hat tinkling with gay sounding bell . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot the medicine man sit among he medical ware -- Ben and jo enter and look down at the collection of claw , lizard , and barnyard scraping . j0 look like he have a cure for everything . BEN yeah , there 's a lot of that go around this day . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 31. ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot woman with sewing machine on head . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot the bread vendor offer large fresh - baked loaf of bread . scatter among the native populace be some tourist and perhaps some french resident . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot Mr. drayton be stand by a arab who have a small gambling table set up , possibly roulette , there be other gambling . after a moment 's hesitation , and a look around to see that he be safe from Mrs. drayton , he chance a small bet . he lose . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot a old man squatting on he heel and surround by a small circle of onlooker be read from a book . his voice intone monotonously . the camera pan to the right and we see hank mckenna stand watch he . hank be hold on to Mrs. drayton 's hand . hank what 's he do , Mrs. drayton ? mrs . drayton he 's the teller of tale , hank . he read legend and famous old storey from history . hank wish he would say something I could understand . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot a larger group of people who be gather around some acrobat who be perform rather well . ext . market place - ( day ) - mo . close shot stand on the fringe of the crowd watch the acrobat be the mckennas . j0 Ben , I be glad we come here . it 's different , a little exciting . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 32. BEN would not you rather be in now York -- rehearse ? she take he arm affectionately . jo oh , all that talk last night be just social chit chat , every woman who ever give up the stage for marriage be suppose to want to go back . I be just play a part expect of I . she pause a second . BEN well , if you do -- let 's talk about it -- seriously . jo no , if at all , let 's talk about it humorously . hank mummy ! daddy ! they turn in time to see hank run up to they , follow by Mrs. drayton . hank come on with we ! we be gonna see the medicine man ! maybe you on learn something , daddy . BEN ( laugh ) you be probably right . j0 ( to Mrs. drayton ) any time he start wear you out -- mrs . drayton I have never enjoy the market place so much . oh ! she dash off in pursuit of the fast- move hank . hank come on ! ext . market place - ( day ) - mo . close shot stand on the fringe of the crowd watch the acrobat be the mckennas . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 33. jo Ben , this whole market place be very different and exciting . BEN just like the county fair when I be a kid . they would get everything but the balloon ascension . jo start giggle . Ben look it she . BEN that do not sound too hilarious to I . jo I be just think ... do you know what 's pay for this three day in marrakesh ? Ben chuckle . jo and the purse I buy in Paris ... Bill Edwards ' tonsils . hank mummy ! daddy ! they turn in time to see hank run up to they , follow by Mrs. drayton . hank come on with we ! we be gonna see the medicine man ! maybe you can learn something , daddy . BEN ( laugh ) you be probably right . jo ( to Mrs. drayton ) any time he start wear you out ... Mrs. drayton ad hank go out of the picture . BEN I do not know whether or not to believe you . jo Ben , glamour be a costume I put on once . it never fit too well . I would rather live my own life than one write for I . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 34. BEN include sleep with a man who always smell of ether ? j0 I do not have to look seductive at breakfast and worry if the Times reviewer do not like my scramble egg . drayton appear behind they . drayton how be the acrobat today ? BEN oh fine , fine . have not drop anybody yet . Ben take jo 's arm and they saunter off , leave Mr. drayton to the acrobat . they do it in such a way as to indicate the group be not hold together by any social formality . ext . market place - ( day ) - mo . close shot the camera dolly along beside they as they pass down a line of arab barber all busily engage with shave and cut the hair of they customer . BEN all the way home we will be riding on herbie Taylor 's ulcor . j0 and allida markle 's asthma . her eye widen a little in surprise , and somewhat hurt , at he statement . BEN oh , I know it 's just a song and a dance here and there ... but it 's all he think about . show business . jo Ben , you be set a trap for I . BEN he have a good mind . give he a chance to develop it . jo you mean give he a change to be a doctor ? BEN I do not say that . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 35 . ext . market place - ( day ) - mo . close shot the camera panning through the market place to a line of veile woman all work at Singer sewing machine . drayton saunter behind they in the distance . jo hold out she hand for Ben to shake it . jo all right , darling , a deal 's a deal . Ben take she hand . jo for every time step he will learn a new muscle -- and for every chorus , three bone . Ben can not help chuckle . BEN and for every matinee ? jo two chapter of grey 's anatomy . they stop short of bump into hank and Mrs. drayton . hank hey , mummy . ( he point ) sewing machine ! look like a television commercial . BEN now if we could only get four case of the Seven -year itch , we could retire . or , if Mrs. yarros really have triplet , we could at least redecorate the house . j0 ( laugh ) oh , Ben , what would they say if they hear we ? ext . market place - ( day ) - mo . close shot the camera panning through the market place to a line of veile woman all work at Singer sewing machine . drayton saunter behind they in the distance . BEN one of the reason I come to a place like marrakesh be so that we could say thing like this without anybody hearing we . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 36 . jo I would like to say something where nobody can hear we . BEN this be the safest place . jo when be we go to have another child ? Ben look at she with some surprise . jo you be the doctor . you have all the answer . BEN yeah -- but , but this be the first time I have hear the question ! they stop short of bump into hank and Mrs. drayton . hank hey , mummy . ( he point ) sewing machine ! look like a television commercial . jo laugh appreciatively , and rumple he hair . jo have a good time , hank ? mrs . drayton he 's delighted with everything . at this moment , Mr. drayton saunter up , and for the first time the group be all together . suddenly there as some shout in the distance . everyone 's attention be draw to the noise . hank move quickly , thread he way through some people for a better look , the camera panning he away . ext . market place - ( day ) - long shot from hank 's viewpoint we see police chase a white - robe arab figure . the police consist of a couple of uniform french official and two or three other in local arab dress , with rifle sling over they back . ext . market place - ( day ) - mo . close shot hank , fascinate at the drama , dish away to get a better view . jo and Ben miss hank . then see he move through the crowd . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 37 . BEN hank ! hank -- come back here ! jo hank ! she start forward after he , but Mrs. drayton move faster than anyone . she pass both of the mckennas and overtake hank . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot Mrs. drayton reach down and take hold of hank 's shoulder , and pull he toward she . mrs . drayton hank , it 's best to keep away from trouble . hank be look away toward the chase . hank what 's go on ? Mrs. drayton look toward the trouble . mrs . drayton it look as though the police be chase somebody . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium long shot a closer view of the chase bring we back to where the motor coaches be load up , and for a moment the police as lose to view . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium long shot a high view of the open air tannery with its circle of crude stone water tank become the scene of a further part of the chase . we see the white - robe arab leaping between the crude tank with the police yell and run after he in the distance . the difficulty of the obstacle enable the arab to get ahead of they , and we see that he be now able to dodge through a archway into the grain market . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium long shot as the chase pass through the grain market , it scatter grain and grain seller in every direction . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 38. ext . market place - ( day ) - medium long shot the pursue arab dash through a enclosure hold the donkey which be use to carry grain to and from the market . there be quite a stampede , with the donkey run , kick , and bray in fright . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium long shot through another archway the arab now dash down some of the narrow street of the medina . sapling branch be lace overhead create a lattice shadow pattern on the ground below . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot as the arab move along the narrow street , with the police in pursuit , progress be make difficult by the many shopper and bicycle rider . one bicycle rider try to avoid the oncoming arab turn and drive helplessly into a lag pottery store . the sound of wreckage be enormous . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot the arab turn into another street where the row of brilliantly dyed wool yarn hang , from overhead strung along sapling pole . there be in unfortunate collision between the flee arab end a workman crossing the street with a large vat of blue dye on he shoulder . in a moment the whole narrow streetway be saturate with blue dye , and everyone be lift he robe and hopping around to avoid be stain . the arab continue on past . the police dash through the street try to avoid the dye themselves . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot the Police reach a narrow intersection where the blind beggar as squatting , begging alm . they pause . there be no sign of they quarry . then one of they point to faint blue footprint dash away to the leave . they take up the pursuit once again . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium long shot a high , overhead shot of the narrow street show that the police have catch sight of they man again . but there seem to be something strange about the chase now . two white -robe Arabs be run . the second arab we have not see before , but he be faster than the first man and be gain on he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 39 . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot a closer , level shot , the camera panning , show , the two breathless man close in on each other . as they reach a intersection in the street , light by a shaft of sunlight , the new arab come up behind the original man be chase and whipping out a knife from under he robe , plunge it into the back of the first man . then he turn and quickly move away into a street on he leave . the first arab jerk he head up and backward with the sharp pain of the stabbing , then he stagger into the dark shadow . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium long shot a high shot show that the stab man be almost out of sight for a moment so that the police continue they chase after the second man , who have swiftly darte down another side turn . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot the camera move in behind the stab arab . the knife be still in he back . we get a glimpse of he hand , vainly grop behind he . the camera move with he as he stagger out into the open market place . his shadow on the ground show we the silhouette of the knife handle stick out from he back . the camera move in close to follow the agony of he head and shoulder as he attempt to go forward . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium long shot the camera seem to pass beyond he for a moment , and there , a few yard away , stand Ben mckenna , and he group . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot the arab hesitates for a moment , but the attitude of he head show we that he have see mckenna . he make he way desperately and painfully toward he . he be find it difficult to remain upright and even take that last few step . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot a closer view of mckenna show that that around he , include he wife and the drayton , become frighten . he spread he arm out to move they back protectively , wait to see what be go to happen . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 40. ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot as the arab reach mckenna , the knife drop from he back , and he collapse at Ben 's foot . Ben endeavor to grab he as he fall . he miss he shoulder , and he hand close in and inadvertently grab the arab 's cheek . ext . market place - ( day ) - close shot a big close up of Ben 's hand as he finger slide off the arab 's face . he turn he hand up and we see they be cover with black grease paint . ext . market place - ( day ) - close shot the arab 's head he now drop to the ground , and we see streak of white flesh show through the dark makeup which Ben 's finger have scrape off . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben drop to he knee to examine the man better . the arab gasp out something in french . louis il ont trouv ... il ont russi  trouver ... Ben look at he puzzle . louis ( English ) mckenna ... I be ... Louis .... Bernard . Ben be quite surprised . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben glance swiftly at the fall knife , and then reach across Louis Bernard to turn he over and examine he wound . but the frenchman reach up with one arm and grab Ben by the coat . louis mckenna -- listen to I -- first ! with what strength he have , Louis drag Ben down until Ben 's ear be near to he mouth . with a great effort Louis whisper to he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 41. ext . market place - ( day ) - close shot a big closeup of Ben 's ear and Louis ' mouth enable we to hear the whisper , but Louis ' voice be fade so much that we cannot distinguish the word -- at least enough to make any sense out of what he say . louis a man ... a statesman ... be to be kill ... assassinate ... in london...soon ... very soon ... tell they ... in London ...to try ambrose chappell ... presently , the mouth stop speak . it remain still and open . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot as Ben back away , we see the stare eye , and open mouth of Louis . Ben quickly put he hand inside the robe to feel for Louis ' heart , the hand slowly withdraw . Ben rise . ext . market place - ( day ) - mo . shot the Arabs crowd in to see the detail . Louis Bernard , the mckennas and the drayton be in the center of a large flat cement section of the market place . the Police by now have catch up to the event , and dash quickly into the picture toward Ben and Louis . instinctively Ben back away , as do the drayton , and jo and hank . however , Ben still stay closer than the rest . one of the police pick up the knife and examine it , another bend down to wipe the make - up off Louis Bernard 's face . Ben look around for he wife . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben beckon to he wife beyond he , to join he . jo turn hank over to Mrs. drayton . hank stand close to the English woman as jo come over . as jo come up to Ben , he be feel in he pocket for something . take out a pen . jo Ben -- who be he ? BEN Louis Bernard . get something to write on ? she begin look in she purse . jo be he dead ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 42. BEN ( impatiently ) yes . yes . he 's dead . she produce a small address book . Ben snatch it out of she hand unceremoniously . he open the book end begin write something down fast . jo watch he with mystify curiosity . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium shot drayton stroll up , out of curiosity . he have also see Ben 's hurried write , but Ben casually put the notebook back into he inside pocket , along with the pen . before either man can comment on the write , the voice of a policeman be hear , speak in french . police one savez vous qui est cet homme ? the uniform french policeman approach Ben . ext . market place - ( day ) - medium close shot the policeman repeat he question as he stop in front of Ben . police j'ai dit : savez vous qui est cet homme ? drayton step forward to help . he address the police . drayton Il not parle pas francais . je traduiri . the policeman nod . drayton turn to ben. drayton he want to find out if you know this man . the policeman watch they face . jo of course we know he ! ( she point ) it 's the frenchman , Louis Bernard . her gesture , and she comment , although in English , give the policeman all the information he need . police one ( look at body ) Louis Bernard ? he move away toward the body , which the other policeman be now cover with a sheet . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 43. he give they some instruction in french . Ben look at jo in a way that say " who ask you to say anything . " the french policeman return to the group . he address drayton . police man quel est le nom de ces personne ? drayton mckenna . police man dite leur que j'aimerai qu 'il viennent tous les deux au commissariat pour faire un rapport . drayton nod unhappily , and turn to Ben and jo. drayton just as I think . he want both of you to go to police headquarters to make a statement . BEN do we have to ? drayton I be afraid so . ( he turn to wife ) we friend here have to go to the police Station . I be go with they to give what help I can . ext . market place - ( day ) - mo . close shot Mrs. drayton come up to the group , still hold on to hank 's hand . mrs . drayton you do not want you little boy to go , do you ? hank I wanna go . I never see a french police station before . mrs . drayton perhaps it would be best if I take he back to the hotel . jo you be very thoughtful . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 44. police one amenele aux bureaux de Police . ( he move out ) drayton ( to Ben ) I think we would better set off . ( to wife wryly ) Heaven know how long we shall be . police twoo alons-y . sil vous plait . Police two move across the square with drayton . Ben and jo precede they . drayton begin converse in french with they about the crime , but we cannot distinguish they word clearly . jo look back and give a little wave to hank . ext . market place - ( day ) - mo . close shot the mckenna 's be walk across the square with the Police and drayton a few yard behind they . the camera move with they . jo move close to Ben and speak to he in a surreptitious manner . jo why should he suddenly turn up in arab - outfit , wear makeup ? BEN what 's more important -- why be he kill ? jo I will bet he be a spy , or something like that . Ben look at she with some surprise . jo Ben , what do he whisper to you ? what do you write down ? BEN I will tell you later . Ben look at he hand . jo what be it ? BEN I do not feel very good after what I say about Louis Bernard last night . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 45 . jo look away , equally embarrassed . Ben wipe he finger with he handkerchief . lap dissolve to : int . police station - ( day ) - mo . shot the main hallway and wait room of the Police Station in marrakesh . french and arab personnel move up and down the wide hallway from one doorway to another . there be a babble of voice and the sound of phone hear off . the mckennas and drayton be seat on a long bench , wait to be call into the inner office of the Police Inspector . drayton sit next to Ben . it be hot . jo have eye for everything , but Ben seem to be somewhat impatient . he look at he watch for the third or fourth time in a minute . int . police station - ( day ) - mo . close shot drayton notice he study he watch . he lean to he , and at the same time wipe off the side of he on face with a handkerchief . drayton once we talk to the police inspector , I will do my best to out some of the red tape . jo I have to stretch . she get up and saunter away , look around the police station for whatever there be to see . drayton speak to Ben with reassure geniality . drayton I be afraid the question will go on till doomsday , if you admit know this chap Bernard before . BEN I do not know he at all . we only meet yesterday on a bus . drayton they be a cynical lot , this french -- they might refuse to believe that . BEN they will have to believe I . it 's true . drayton it might sound a bit odd , from they point of view . they see the poor chap whisper to you ... and then they see you write something down ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 46. Ben look at drayton , wait for he to go on . drayton the question be , be you go to show they what you write down ? before Ben can say any more , a policeman open the door lead to the Police Inspector 's office . he call out . int . police station - ( day ) - mo . shot jo turn around at the sound of the door open , and Ben and drayton start to rise from the bench . the policeman step aside , hold the door , as a Police Inspector come out of the office from behind he . he be a short , heavy - build -dark man . he do not smile . int . police station - ( day ) - mo . close shot the Inspector walk a few step into the corridor , stop . Ben , jo and drayton approach he . drayton speak first . drayton ces personne sont me bon amis , les mckenna . mon nom est drayton . il not parlent pas francais et il m'ont demand de traduire . the Inspector answer in English . inspector thank you , monsieur drayton , but a translator will not be necessary . ( to mckenna ) wo not you come inside , monsieur , Madame ? he stop aside , and wait . inspector ( to drayton ) do to the kindness to wait . I might have question for you later . he motion to the mckennas . jo go past he first , into the office , follow by Ben , drayton return to the bench , and watch the trio as the office door close on they . int . police station - ( day ) - mo . shot a medium-sized office , save from plainness of civil service decor by a few personal decoration of the Inspector . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 47. he wave the mckenna to chair , as he go around behind he desk and remain stand . Ben and jo sit down . the Inspector look at some papers on he desk , then hold out he hand . inspector ( precisely ) you passport , please . Ben look at jo , who fish for they in she purse . she take they out , hand they to Ben , who hand they to the Inspector . he scrutinize they . uncomfortable , Ben retreat to a chair and sit down , wait . the inspector check the picture against the people he see sit in he office , then put the passport down on he desk . inspector you enter french Morocco four day ago . BEN that 's right . inspector you be a doctor , monsieur ? BEN a surgeon . a tourist , and a american citizen . inspector Three good reason why you should have nothing in common with Louis Bernard . BEN I do not have . inspector you be recently in Paris ? BEN a medical convention . inspector you come to marrakesh with he in the same bus . you drank a apritif with he in you hotel room . and you eat at the same restaurant last night . jo but at different table . the Inspector 's eye study she briefly , as if she comment be a unnecessary interruption . then he eye return to Ben . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 48. inspector so , Louis Bernard be a stranger to you ? BEN I meet he yesterday -- on the bus -- for the first time in my life . the Inspector begin to let he skepticism be see . inspector ( ironically ) and yet -- out of five thousand people -- in a great market place -- he come to you when he be about to die ! be that the action of a casual acquaintance , monsieur ? BEN ( obstinate ) I know nothing about Louis Bernard . inspector no ? not even , I suppose , that he be a agent of the duxieme Bureau ? BEN what 's that ? inspector perhaps you have also never head of the american f.b.i .? ( sadly ) it would be so much more easy for both of we , monsieur , if you would cease to pretend . BEN now , look here ... inspector ( patiently ) the dead man find out what he have be send here to discover . that be why he be kill -ed . he tell you what he have discover . why ? because he place complete confidence in you . voila . BEN Boy , you not only ask the question you also answer they -- wait a minute let I ask you a question . inspector indeed , monsieur ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 49 . BEN assume Bernard trust I as implicitly as you say , I would never reveal anything he say to I , would I ? inspector even Americans , I suppose , sometimes find it desirable to betray a confidence ? BEN let 's get something straight . I be a tourist travel for pleasure . I somehow get involved in a unfortunate incident . I come down here to make a simple statement of fact , and not to be subject to a police grill . inspector monsieur , I would like .... BEN ( interrupt ) now hold you horse ! just hold they . the door open suddenly . the two man look up . int . inspector' office - ( day ) - mo . close shot a policeman open the door and lean in . police two inspecteur . on demande monsieur mckenna au tlphone . as he speak , the policeman nod in the direction of Ben . int . inspector' office - ( day ) - mo . shot the Inspector impatiently try to dismiss the officer with a gesture . inspector laissez nous , nous somme occuppes . Ben motion to the policeman to stay where he be BEN wait a minute . a telephone call for I ? the policeman at the door look at the Inspector briefly . the Inspector be disconcert , but do not tell the man what to say , so he turn back to Ben and nod . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 50 . BEN where ? the policeman point over he shoulder to in outside office . inspector ( to the world in general ) mais enfin , voyon ! BEN I will take the call now . you just take it easy . he go out the door , close it behind he . the Inspector sit down heavily . then he look up at jo. inspector Madame mckenna . jo I do not know a thing , int . police station - ( day ) - medium close shot the camera pan Ban as he follow the policeman down the outside corridor , past drayton who be still sit on a bench and watch Ben somewhat anxiously , and into a small plain office . int . SMALL office - ( day ) - medium close shot the policeman enter the small office first . there be a desk , more like a table , and a phone be lie on it off the hook . the policeman pick it up , and hand it to Ben . Ben hold it without speak a second , and wave the policeman out . the policeman be indifferent . he leave . Ben put the phone to he ear . BEN hello . int . room - ( day ) - close shot a robe arab be sit in a chair hold a telephone . the room be part of a rather elaborate moorish house . the arab speak in accented English . arab Doctor mckenna ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 51. int . SMALL office - ( day ) - medium close shot as Ben answer , he idly look through the open doorway toward drayton sit on the bench outside . BEN this be mckenna . who 's call I ? int . room - ( day ) - close shot the arab do not bother to identify himself . arab you tell even one word of that Louis Bernard whisper to you in the market - place -- you little boy will be in serious danger . the arab start to hang up . int . SMALL office - ( day ) - medium close shot there be a audible click in the receiver hold in Ben 's hand . BEN hello . there be no answer . Ben lower the phone slightly , look at it a minute , then continue on downward with it , return the receiver to the phone cradle . he stand a brief moment in think , then half turn toward drayton sit in the corridor outside . he motion to drayton to join he in the office BEN drayton ! the englishman get up and come into the small office . BEN do not you wife say she be take hank straight back to the hotel ? drayton as I recall . why ? Ben pick up the phone , hand it to drayton . BEN call she . somebody just threaten I about hank . see if he 's all right . drayton react with surprise , speak into the phone . he speak french . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 52. drayton passez moi l'htel mamounia , s'il vous plait . voulez vous appeler la chambre deux cent dix sept s'il vous plait .... je vois , puis - je parler au , concierge ?... ah! ici Mr. drayton de la chambre deux cent dix sept . est ce que mar femme est revenue a l'htel depuis une heure ? sa chambre not rpond pas .... je vois ... bien ... bien ... merci ... oh ! un instant s'il vous plait . BEN four fourteen . drayton ( to phone ) voulez vous essayer la chambre quatre cent quatorze ?... merci . Ben slowly hang up . look at ben. drayton I can not believe it . BEN she do not come back ? drayton at least nobody 's see she . what on earth ... BEN look -- you get back to the hotel right away -- and see if you can find out what 's go on . drayton it 's so unlike my wife ... BEN I will finish up with the police and join you as soon as I can . drayton right . but do not worry . probably some stupid misunderstanding . ( he start out , stop ) if I find out anything before you get back , I will ring you here . BEN just do not waste any time ! drayton hurry out of the office . he go one way , Ben the other . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 53. int . inspector' office - ( day ) - medium shot as Ben enter the office , both jo and the Inspector look up he inquiringly . jo who be it , Ben ? Ben adopt as casual a air as he can under the circumstance . he do not sit down . he speak more to the Inspector than to he wife , avoid she eye . BEN it be the concierge at the Hotel . he hear we be be hold by the Police and think there be some way he could help we . jo that be nice of he . BEN ( look at Inspector ) I tell he if we be not back there in fifteen minute to call the american Consulate in casablanca . the Inspector have realise that he will not get any more out of Ben . inspector ( charmingly ) but , monsieur , if you have only tell I in the first place , that you wish to consult with you consul ! Ben give he a look . BEN let 's go , jo . inspector there be just one small formality . I must request you to sign a statement of the fact . BEN if it do not take too long . inspector but a moment . I will send for a typist . reluctantly the Inspector reach for a phone on he desk . jo look at she husband somewhat puzzle . jo Ben ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 54. he give she a warning glance to be quiet . she do . he reach out , take she hand . lap dissolve to : ext . marrakesh street - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben and jo be riding along in a open Victoria , head back for the Hotel mamounia . Ben seem preoccupy with he thought . jo ( hold out she hand ) let I see the message . BEN I do not -- I do not think you should . she hold out she hand more firmly . jo I be you wife , Ben -- not the police inspector . let 's see it . reluctantly , Ben take out the notebook , hand it to she . Ben watch she as she read the note he have write . the notebook page hold by jo on which Ben have scribble Louis Bernard 's message . it read : " a man ... a statesman ... be to be kill ... assassinated ... in london ... soon ... very soon ... tell they ... in london ... to try ambrose chappel ... ext . marrakesh street - ( day ) - mo . close shot jo look up , soberly . j0 why do not you give this to the police ? BEN because I do not want to . jo but Ben , a man 's life -- BEN ( interrupt ) ... be at stake , I know , but I be not sure of what 's the right thing to do . she close the notebook . Ben reach over , take it from she and replace it in he pocket . she stare ahead , with she own thought . then she speak . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 55 . j0 I think we ought to go back to the hotel , pack we clothes , take hank , and get out of this country as quickly as we can . BEN ( think ) maybe . jo hank , see a man kill in front of he . what a shook it must be to he mind . BEN ( quietly ) I know . jo why do not you just give that note to the american Consulate -- why get any more involved ? Ben be uncomfortable , and unhappy , but he try to hide it . he lean toward jo as if he 's about to tell she something important . he reach out , place he hand over hers . BEN jo...about hank ... ( he trail off ) jo what about he ? BEN well ...he ... he 's the kind of a kid who can take of himself . ext . HOTEL mamounia - ( day ) - mo . long sh the Victoria turn into the Hotel mamounia , and pull up in front of the entrance . the mckennas dismount . ext . HOTEL mamounia - ( day ) - mo . close sh jo straighten out she dress , wait for Ben to accompany she into the hotel . the head porter be outside supervise some baggage with the lesser porter . he touch he cap to the mckennas . BEN ( to jo ) you get the key . I will take care of the driver . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 56 . jo okay . she turn and enter the hotel . Ben take a bill out of he pocket , examine it , and hand it to the driver . the Victoria move off . Ben turn to the head porter . BEN uh...pardon I . the head porter turn to Ben respectfully . head porter yes , m'sieu ? BEN do you know Mrs. drayton ? head porter the English lady ? BEN ( nod ) do you see she come back from the market place anytime in the past hour or so ? head porter ( thinks ) no , m'sieu . BEN wait a minute . you do not understand ... she have a small boy with she . mine . head porter no , m'sieu . BEN how about mister drayton ? head porter oui , m'sieu . m'sieu drayton check out . BEN he what ? head porter checked out . Ben stare at he . BEN he could not have . head porter oui , m'sieu . he do . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 57 . BEN ( still can not believe it ) no , Mr. drayton , the englishman with horn -rimm glass . the head porter nod in agreement . head porter oui , m'sieu . checked out . ext . HOTEL mamounia - ( day ) - close sh Ben turn slowly away from the porter , he face fill with disturbance . he look up toward the entrance as he hear jo 's voice off . jo Ben , what 's hold you up ? he quickly compose he face as best he can . the camera pan he over to the entrance where jo be wait with the key . he take she arm and they enter the hotel . lap dissolve to : int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - mo . shot they enter the room , close the door . Ben go immediately to they luggage , specifically to he medical bag . he open it , and begin look for something . jo toss she handbag on the bed , look around the suite . jo frankly , I be exhaust . do not you feel well ? he do not answer she . she shrug , and start for the telephone . jo I will call Mrs. drayton and tell she we be back . she can bring hank up here , or I will go get he . she pick up the receiver . Ben speak without turn around . BEN jo , hold the call for a minute . jo why ? BEN because I ask you to . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 58. she put the receiver down slowly . she do not like he manner . jo Ben ... we be about to have we monthly fight . Ben take two pill out of a small bottle . close the bottle , and he medical bag . BEN I hope we do not . jo then stop play rasputin . I only say I be go to call Mrs. drayton . she reach for the phone again . he turn . BEN wait ' till I come back . she hesitates . he go into the bathroom , the camera panning he . she be puzzle with he . shrug she shoulder . slump to a sit position on the bed . she rib she face and she eye with a gesture of fatigue . there be the sound of run water in the bathroom . when she look up again , Ben be stand in front of she . in one hand he he two capsule , in the other a glass of water . he hold they out to she . his manner be casual and pleasant . BEN something to relax you . she look at the pill . jo I be so relaxed I be tired . you take they . BEN jo , they be for you . I be the doctor . jo Ben ... BEN you know how you get when thing happen -- tense and upset . now do I a favor . she stand up . jo six month ago you tell I I take too many pill ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 59 . BEN six month ago you be not a witness to a murder . you have be excited , fatigue -- talk a blue streak and go around in circle . jo I have not . Ben take a deep breath . BEN jo , I make my live know when and how to administer medicine . you will feel a lot better tomorrow if you take this today . but you do not think so . okay , I will make a deal with you . jo I be listen . BEN there 's something about Louis Bernard , the police station , and this whole spy business that I have not tell you yet . he hold out the capsule . BEN this be the price of curiosity . despite herself she 's intrigue . jo what could it be ? BEN there 's one way to find out . she reach out , take the capsule , pop they into she mouth . he hand she the water , she drink some of it . jo all right , Doctor mckenna . I be now relaxed and listen . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben move away from jo , put the glass on a dresser . she sit down on the edge of the bed like a little girl wait to hear a bedtime story . jo why do not I call Mrs. drayton first . you can tell I while she 's bring hank up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 60 . BEN just a minute . this whole thing strange right from the very beginning . as he talk he move about the room first one way , then the other , watch jo closely , almost as if he be try to lull she into sleep , or hypnotize she . BEN it be no accident that Louis Bernard help we out on the bus , and strike up a conversation . you be right about he . jo see . BEN yes ...yes , you be right about he . he be ... be strange . jo be beginning to appear a little drowsy . Ben watch she closely . jo I know all that . get to the surprise . BEN he get talk to we because he be on the lookout for a suspicious marry couple . jo nothing suspicious about we . BEN he be wrong . it be a different marry couple . jo and he be kill before he find they . BEN no . he find they . in the restaurant . last night . that 's why he be kill . jo you will be tell I next it be Mr. and Mrs. drayton ! BEN ( quietly ) that 's just who it be , jo . she rub a hand over she face . the drug be take . jo if that 's a joke , I do not think it 's a very funny one . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 61. she stop talk . he look at she more closely . then he walk over to she and sit down on the bed next to she . he look at she intensely . jo think I will lie down . he prevent she . BEN listen to I . and listen carefully . she come awake more , study he . BEN that phone call I receive at the police station . she nod dumbly . BEN it be not from the concierge at the hotel . it be from somebody with a foreign voice who say if I tell anybody one word of what . Louis Bernard whisper to I in the market place that something ... something might happen to ...to , to hank . she come suddenly as awake as she can . jo hank ? why h ... ? BEN they have take he away . she push herself to she foot . she be fight the drug successfully . she almost shout at he . jo Mrs. drayton take hank back to the hotel . she be downstairs ! he stand up . BEN Mrs. drayton have vanish ! she never come back here ! and hank do not either ! jo well let 's start look for he . Mr. drayton ... Mr. drayton should ... he take hold of she arm . BEN jo , Mr. drayton , check out of the hotel thirty or forty minute ago ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 62. she knock he hand away from she arm in a sudden violent gesture , and all but scream . jo Ben !! I could kill you ! sedative ! he reach for she again . she hit he away . jo all this time you , know hank be go , and you would not tell I . BEN I be not sure , until now . she be fight the drug which be beginning to take over again . jo he 's my child more than yours ! I have he . he take hold of she again . she struggle fiercely , try to get away , to hit he , kick he . jo let go of I ! I will never never never forget this ! we have get to find hank ! we have get to find he . he struggle silently with she , try to push she down on the bed , and hold she until the drug do its work . jo you think you be the only one strong enough to take anything ? Ben , Ben , I hate you , with my whole heart . ( she start to cry ) hank ! where be hank ? hank , oh hank ! get he , ben. please . you damn miserable human ... how could anybody ...do ... int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - close shot he have force she down on the bed , pinion she arm , even though she leg still struggle somewhat . she be have a hard time see , or talk . her head wave back and forth . it 's hard work for Ben to hold she . j0 I ...never want to ... come here in ... first ... place ...oh hank , hank darling ... if I ever ... wake ... I will kill ... you ... you ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 63. her leg grow quiet . her arm relax somewhat . she be still strain to move she head , and talk , but all that come out be unintelligible sound and a half moan of anguish . then she 's go . Ben look at she a moment , relax he grip . he lower he head down against hers . he seem to be fight the desire to cry . he finally gain control of himself . he lift he head slightly , give she a soft and heartfelt kiss on the cheek . BEN ( softly ) darling , if somebody do this to I , I would say just what you say . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - medium close mot Ben stand up . the weight of unhappiness be heavy on he . he get a blanket from the foot of the bed and cover she up . he brushes back the hair from she forehead . then he turn , and the camera panning he over to the door . he take one last look at jo , then go out the door , close it softly behind he . lap dissolve to : as the light of sunset fade into grow darkness , the muezzin stand atop the minaret , arm raise to the heaven and give out he high , sing - song call to prayer . the call be take up by another voice somewhere in the city , and then another , and still another -- until the prayer be a continuous round of chant start close , move away , almost fade , and then return . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - mo . close shot the chant of the call to prayer can be hear in the background . we be in the single bedroom , of hank mckenna . there be one lamp burn over the empty bed , and another on the wall over the dresser . Ben be despondently carry hank 's small suit , and other article of clothing from the closet to in open suitcase on the bed . as he cross with the final armload of clothes , he look out of the door into the large bedroom . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - medium shot in the mirror , on the far wall , Ben can see the reflection of he wife stir in she bed . he watch as she drag herself up into -a half - pitting position . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 64. int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben quickly put the final item of the boy 's clothes on top of the rest in the suitcase and close it . he pick up the suitcase and carry it into the larger room , the camera panning he . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - medium close shot as Ben enter the main room , he glance at he wife . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - close shot jo 's eye be beginning to open and close , and she shake she head a little , as she try to recover from the sedative he give she . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben put down hank 's suitcase , and cross to they own luggage , the camera panning he in such a way as to keep jo in the background . he open the suitcase , and begin take clothes out of the dresser drawer to pack they . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - close shot jo open she eye and look about she . she try to straighten up she hair a little . she take in the room , and then as though a sudden think strike she , she look toward the open door of she miss son 's bedroom . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - medium shot the empty boy 's room as see from she viewpoint . Ben pause in he pack a moment to observe she . the he continue on with he work . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - close shot jo stare at the empty room for a moment longer , then turn sharply back toward she husband . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - medium close shot from she viewpoint we see the back view of Ben be he continue pack . Ben half - glance over he shoulder now aware that she be fully awake . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 65 . BEN there 's still no news of he , jo. int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - close shot she stare at he apathetically . int . mckennas suite - ( day ) - medium close shot we now see Ben 's face as he pack he suitcase . Beyond he , past he shoulder , we see he wife stare in he direction . he continue to talk , although he find it difficult to be matter - of - fact , move back and forth from the dresser drawer to the suitcase . BEN both the drayton be definitely go . the hotel register say they come from London . drayton tell the concierge he be a college professor . the only thing to do now be to get out of marrakesh . her face show a slight rise in reaction , mostly puzzlement . BEN as individual we be helpless here . and because of that phone call , we can not bring the police in on it . I even think of take that chance . he pause , and glance at she to see how she react . she just stare at he she eye a little dull . BEN but connect hank 's disappearance to Louis Bernard 's murder . and the first thing they would do would be to make I tell they Louis Bernard 's message . that ... that could be , hank 's ... well , it would not help he . Ben go to take some of jo 's clothes out of drawer , and come up with a play script . he look at it a moment , then back to jo . her eye observe it , but she say nothing . Ben continue on to the suitcase , where he lay the script in with the clothes . BEN we be go to London . she look a little more sharply as if in question . he notice as he go to the dresser for more clothes . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 66. BEN I find out . the drayton have a private plane -- that 's how they take hank back . it could lend anywhere -- no question of a passport or anything . he pack some more clothes away . jo do not stir , she just stare at he . BEN so we be go to London to find he . he look at she for a reaction . she turn she head away from he as if in disagreement , or perhaps fight for control of she emotion . Ben cross to she , the camera panning he . he sit down on the edge of the bed , and take out the small notebook from he coat . he open it . in careful , low tone , he read Louis Bernard 's message . BEN ( reading ) a man ...a statesman ... be to be kill ... assassinate ... in london...soon ... very soon ... tell they ... in London ...to try ambrose chappell ... ( look up ) we be go to try this ambrose chappell and if he have anything at all to do with this , I be go to offer he every cent I have get to get hank back . this ambrose chappell guy be we only hope . understand , jo ? jo put out a weary hand as though to dismiss the piece of paper , and all that it contain . again she turn she head away . slowly Ben put the paper back into pocket . he speak with a shade more urgency in he voice . BEN we have only get a few hour , jo ! we have to get up and start move . Ben get up , and the camera pan he to the dresser and the suitcase . then he pause and look back at jo who be still look away . jo turn back to look at Ben . she be study he now as if she have just see he for the first time . her eye be more alert . Ben turn back to he pack . BEN I have pay the bill , and there 's a car wait downstairs . as soon as I pack , we be leave . slowly jo get off the bed , and come over to Ben . he pause , article of clothing in he hand . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 67. for a moment she stand there look at he , and then impulsively she throw she arm around he and cling to he . her anguish be genuine . jo oh Ben , Ben , Ben ... where be he ? where be he ? Ben kiss she on the cheek . she bury she head in he shoulder . Ben stare off into space as if he hope to find in answer to she question . fade out . fade in : ext . london airport - ( day ) - long shot camera panning with b.e.a . viscount as it taxiis in to position . dissolve : ext . london airport - ( day ) - medium long shot the first passenger emerge from the doorway of the plane , follow by Ben and jo . there be a group of newspaper man and press photographer gather around the gangway . there be a stir in the group as the mckennas appear . a couple of flash bulb pop . a airline official hurry up the gangway to Ben . official would you mind wait for the press photographer ? they nod agreement and the official join the passenger as they go down the step . ext . london airport - ( day ) - close shot jo turn to Ben . jo how could they remember I so well , Ben ? it 's be four year since I play London . BEN I guess you be the kind of girl they do not forget . jo but how do they know ... who could have tell they ... Ben , you do not ...? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 68. she break off . BEN all I do be wire Val and helen parnell to get we room -- he indicate fan and newspapermen . BEN but I do not count on this -- jo understand that he kind intention have slightly miscarry . they look off as the yell of the bobby sox fan become louder . ext . london airport - ( day ) - long shot fan behind the airport fence , hold out autograph book and shouting for she autograph . other try to break from the barrier , but be restrain by the police . stand in the front row of the fan be a sober - face woman who be not shouting or hold out a book . ext . london airport - ( day ) - medium close shot as the last of the passenger leave the plane , jo and Ben take a position on the step for the photographer . despite the long trip , she worry , she fatigue , jo do she best to act the part she public demand . she smile as well as she can , wave a little , turn she head to the right and to the leave to favor the photographer . ext . london airport - ( day ) - medium shot the sober-face woman , stand among the fan . she have a rather grey , pasty face , and stare off at jo through horn -rimm glass that be encrust with dust in the corner of the lense . after a moment she push she way back through the crowd of fan and move out of sight . ext . london airport - ( day ) - medium shot as the photographer continue they work Ben and jo come down the remain step and be join by a man wear ordinary civilian clothes . he take a small black identification folder out of he pocket and hold it up for they inspection . edington I be Inspector edington of the criminal investigation Department of Scotland yard . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 69 . there be immediate alarm in jo 's face , but she then control it . BEN yes ? what be it ? edington as thing be , there 's no need for you to go through the custom . will you come this way ! his tone and manner of ask they leave little doubt that he question be a order . the mckennas glance at each other briefly . they realize that this be a further development of they involvement . BEN whatever you say . edington ( smile ) this Way , please . he and the airline official lead the mckennas toward another entrance to the Airport Building . as she follow , jo seem tense and a little scared . int . public phone booth - ( day ) - mo . close shot the be-spectacl , pasty - face woman who have be stand with the fan before , be now speak rather cautiously into a telephone . we do not hear what she be say , but the inclination of she head show that she be make some reference to the new arrival . ext . airport build corridor - ( day ) - mo . close shot another man be wait for they at a door outside the airport building . edington this be Mr. woburn -- Doctor and Mrs. mckenna . woburn how do you do ? BEN now what do you people want with we ? woburn Mr. Buchanan would like to have a chat with you , inside . BEN who be Mr. Buchanan ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 70 . woburn special branch , Scotland yard . he gesture they to enter the building . they do , leave edington and though airline official outside . ext . airort office - ( day ) - mo . shot woburn lead Ben and jo into a inner office . it be a good-size room , plain , but comfortable . woburn this be Mr. Buchanan -- Doctor and Mrs. mckenna . buchanan how do you do ? Ben nod to he without speak . buchanan thank you , woburn . Mr. woburn quietly exit , close the door behind he . the mckennas stand a moment , wonder what do . buchanan do sit down , will not you ? jo hesitates , then sit down . Ben do not . BEN why do Scotland yard want to talk with we ? Buchanan sit down behind the desk . he 's sophisticated and intelligent . buchanan let I say at once , we be shocked ... that you son be take from you in marrakesh and deeply sympathetic . ext . airport office - ( day ) - mo . shot jo lean forward quickly , eager , hopeful , unable to restrain herself . jo do you know where he be ? Ben be somewhat more reserve . BEN what about hank ? what have you hear ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 71 . buchanan ( o.s. ) I only wish I could give you some cheerful news . jo settles back , unhappy , discourage and a little resentful of Buchanan . Ben seem irritate by the disappointment . int . airport office - ( day ) - mo . shot Buchanan continue quietly . buchanan we might find he . quite soon , indeed , if we work together ... Louis Bernard be send to marrakesh by the french at we request to check up on a assassination plot -- here , in London . a good agent keep on stake he life . he do not always win . Ben and jo watch Buchanan carefully . buchanan Bernard reckone you be a man to trust . he relied on you , to come to we . jo look at Ben . he think a moment , but say nothing . buchanan that people kidnap you boy -- in order to keep you mouth shut . that 's right , be not it ? BEN I think they take he for money . buchanan then why do not you go straight to you Consulate in casablanca ? why do you come to London ? Ben be silent . he can not think of a answer to this one . int . airport office - ( day ) - close shot jo seem about to volunteer some information . jo Mr. Buchanan -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 72. int . airport office - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben look sharply at she . BEN jo ... int . airport office - ( day ) - mo . close shot Buchanan seem only casually obvious of the exchange . but he have note it in he mind . buchanan you be convinced that this people bring you son to London . you be convinced you can find he -- off you own bat . you can not . it 's impossible . but with the help we can give you , there 's a chance . a really good chance . int . airport office - ( day ) - mo . close shot before Ben can stop she , jo burst in hotly . jo they tell we not to say anything ! int . airport office - ( day ) - mo . close shot Buchanan turn to she and speak gently , but with force . buchanan anything you tell I will be in the most absolute confidence . Ben start to interrupt . BEN that might be true , but -- Buchanan hold up a hand to interrupt he . buchanan ( to jo ) you son be the trump card this people hold . he 's perfectly safe -- for the moment . jo and when they have do what they be go to do , they will let he go . so all we have to do be wait . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 73. buchanan ( gently , to jo ) no , Mrs. mckenna . if they consider the boy a nuisance , afterwards -- I be afraid -- he gesture . BEN now , do not try to frighten we , Mr. Buchanan . buchanan it 's exactly what I be try to do -- frighten you . I be try to prevent a man be murder here , in London . the pressure on jo be beginning to weaken she . Buchanan persist . buchanan if you do not tell I all you know , you become a accessory before the fact of murder . in English law , you become just short of murderer yourselves . int . airport office - ( day ) - mo . close shot jo , a creature of emotion , be bewilder and upset and tired of fight Buchanan . she be ready to give in . she look to Ben . jo Ben , what can we do by ourselves ? we need -- BEN ( interrupt ) you work on the wrong mckenna , Mr. Buchanan . Louis Bernard talk to I , not my wife . Buchanan turn to Ben . buchanan then you tell I . BEN Bernard speak in french , and I do not understand a word of the language . there be a pause while Buchanan study Ben . buchanan and what do you write down on a piece of paper ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 74 . Ben stand there . he have no answer . jo get up from she seat . jo Ben -- maybe they could find that people , and hank , before -- BEN ( interrupt ) maybe . maybe be not good enough for I , and it should not be good enough for you . jo you act as if you be the only one who 's concerned about hank . BEN now jo , I do not mean it that way . we make up we mind what we be go to do -- now let 's try to stick to it . Ben turn to Buchanan . BEN we would like to cooperate with you , Mr. Buchanan -- but -- but we just can not . buchanan ( quietly ) I have a son of my own . I do not know what I would do ... jo look at Ben appealingly . even Ben be uncertain now , try to evaluate thing quickly , BEN well , maybe if we -- he be interrupt by a tapping at the door . Buchanan look up , as do the mckennas . the camera pan Buchanan to the door as he open it himself . his assistant woburn be there . there be a whisper conversation . woburn retreat , and Buchanan turn back to the room . buchanan ( matter-of -factly ) a phone call for you , Mrs. mckenna . int . airport office - ( day ) - medium shot Buchanan cross and pick up the telephone from the desk . buchanan put the call through here , please . he pause a moment , then hand the phone to jo. convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 75 . buchanan Mrs. mckenna . jo step forward , take the phone hesitantly , look at bon for reassurance . he nod to she . Buchanan , meanwhile , have casually , but quickly go out of the office , close the door behind he . int . airport office - ( day ) - close shot in the outer office woburn quickly hand Buchanan the phone , who put it to he ear . int . airport office - ( day ) - close shot jo put the phone to she ear . she speak hesitantly . jo hallo . we hear a voice on filter . mrs . drayton Mrs. mckenna ? jo yes . mrs . drayton this be Mrs. drayton . you remember I ? jo pale and seem about to faint . jo Mrs ... drayton ? int . airport office - ( day ) - close shot Ben react with surprise , and give a stop or two forward . he be tense . int . airport office - ( day ) - close shot jo recover herself . jo where 's hank ? where have you get he ? int . airport outer office - ( day ) - close shot Buchanan put out a hand . woburn place a pen in it , and slide a pad along the desk under it . we hear Mrs. drayton 's voice over the filter . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 76 . mrs . drayton he 's here . with I . you must not worry about he , really you must not . Buchanan pause , with nothing to write . int . airport office - ( day ) - close shot jo show some relief , but she 's still deeply concerned . jo where be he ? where have you get he ? mrs . drayton I expect you would like to speak to he , would not you ? jo yes . please , please ! she look towards Ben . int . airport office - ( day ) - medium close sh Ben move close to she , try to pick up a little of the conversation from the phone . she tip the phone a little in he direction . jo hello . hello , hank ? mrs . drayton just a minute . hank mummy ? mummy be that you ? jo fight sudden tear . jo oh , hank , hank darling , be you really all right ? hank I be a little scared , mummy . but I be all right -- I guess . I miss you mummy , I miss you so much . she burst out cry , unable to hold herself back any more . Ben take the phone from she quickly . BEN hank . this be daddy . hank be mummy cry ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 77 . BEN where be you , hank ? where be you ? hank I do not mean to make she cry , daddy , but I be scared , and I want to see she . BEN ( desperation ) hank , where be you ? for Heaven 's sake , where be you ?!! hank welbeck eight -- there be a sudden click . Ben rattles the receiver . all he get be a dial tone . he hang up , and turn to jo who be quietly cry , try to get over the shock of hearing hank . Buchanan enter the office as Ben take jo by the shoulder and turn she around to he . he take out a handkerchief , hand it to she . she cover she face for a moment , then dry she tear . she look up at Ben . jo he be scared . she start sobbing soundlessly again , she body shaking . Ben take she in he arm to quiet she . she quiet down slowly . Buchanan stand behind the desk do not look at the pair , but he speak first . buchanan it be a London telephone exchange . int . airport office - ( day ) - close shot woburn come in the office , go to Buchanan . woburn ( tersely ) Public call box -- West one . he shrug as if to say " that 's the end . " Buchanan nod for woburn to leave . woburn do , casting a side glance of sympathy toward jo and Ben . he close the door quietly behind he . int . airport office - ( day ) - close shot Buchanan look at the pair , and sigh in a manner that suggest he recognize defeat , when he see it . jo now have herself under control . she leave Ben 's arm , and return to she seat to gather herself together , dry she eye . Ben turn to Buchanan . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 78. BEN do I have to say any more ? he reach for a pad and pencil . he scribbles something on it . buchanan you may change you mind . if you do , this number will reach I . he tear off a page of the paper , and hand it to Ben . lap dissolve to : int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium shot in a suite at savoy 's Hotel we see the door open and Ben and jo mckenna be ushere into the suite by the frock - coat desk clerk . behind they be two assistant porter carry they bag . in the foreground , through which we be shoot , be three large basket of assort flower . they be obviously gift of greeting to London . the porter move off into the bedroom with the bag . they lay out the bag , open the drape and window , etc . the desk clerk turn on the light in the main room , as the mckennas look about . desk clark everything all right , sir ? BEN it 's fine . just fine . desk clark ( hand Ben key ) you room key , sir. Ben take it . the porter come out of the bedroom . Ben reach in he pocket , come up with a bill , hand it to one of they . the porter touch he forehead in sort of a salute . the porter exit . the desk clerk follow , pause at the door . desk clerk and I hope you have a most pleasant stay in London . both jo and Ben turn to look at he briefly . he be smile , they be not . BEN oh yes . thank you . the desk clerk go out the door , carefully close it . the mckenna be alone . jo turn to look at the basket of flower , and cross toward the camera to look at they . she take a card in she hand , attach to the large basket , read the note . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 79 . jo ( to Ben ) it 's from the panell 's . " welcome home , jo. look forward to see you family . especially the little - - " ( she break off ) jo stand there a brief moment , take a breath , and look at to otter two card . jo Cindy and Jan . ( to Ben ) you do not know Cindy and Jan . int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben put the room key down on a table , and the camera pan he over to a smaller desk contain the telephone and telephone book . he sit down at the desk , and reach for the general telephone directory . he begin flipping through the page . jo turn from the flower and walk over to he . he pause , take out of he pocket the black notebook on which he write Louis Bernard 's message . he tear out the page , hand the notebook to jo . BEN you would better keep you book . he return to the telephone book , after look at the note and place it on the desk in front of he . jo what be you look for ? BEN the only clue we have which might lead we to hank . the place and identity of Mr. ambrose chappell . he find what be apparently the right page . his finger begin to trace down the list of name . insert Ben 's finger go down the column of name . " C - C - chappell - abraham chappell - a.c. chappell &amp ; CO . alfred chappell -- ambrose chappell !! " int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben pause , note the place on the page , and reach for some notepaper and a pen from the desk . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 80. BEN there it be -- big as life -- ambrose chappell . he return he eye to the book , as jo lean closer to watch he . he begin write down the name and address , and murmur half - aloud as he write -- BEN ambrose chappell - sixty -one burdett street. camden town . telephone - Gulliver 6198 . he reach for the phone , after put the book to one side . he lift the receiver , but jo reach out to stop he . he look at she with some annoyance . BEN do not you want I to call he ? jo I can not make up my mind , Ben . I be jut scared to death . I be afraid we will do the wrong thing . BEN ( quietly ) I will try not to be too wrong . he pick up the phone . jo what be you go to say ? BEN I will offer to keep my mouth shut and give he all the money we have -- for hank . ( to phone ) Operator . get I ... ( consult address ) Gulliver 6198 . thank you . he wait and at that moment there be a sudden , loud , but happy pound on the door . both jo and Ben jump and turn toward the door , almost frighten . muffled shout be hear of " open up ! we know you be in there ! jo ! it 's we ! we be here ! " jo I go . she head for the door , and Ben sit there squirming with suspense , and annoyance at be interrupt . Beyond he , jo open the door , and immediately four people pour in . they be Val parnall and he wife . helen , intelligent , sophisticated , and full of life . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 81. the other two be Cindy fontaine , a american music hall entertainer , now in England , around forty - five , more of a character actress than a lead -- and Jan Peterson , a musical comedy singer nearer jo 's age , smart - look , but talkative and slightly scatterbrain . the woman come in first , helen parnell throw she arm around jo in affectionate greeting . helen jo ! you look wonderful ! Val parnell follow the woman in and close the door behind he . val when we get you wire I could not believe it . what be you do down in Morocco ? jo sightsee . cindy two minute later helen be on the phone to I . and I have to call Jan . jan you be the perfect answer to what London need , jo . this week 's the dullest thing since my first show . jo have disengage herself from helen . shake hand with Val . jo hello , Val . jo and I want to thank all of you for the lovely flower . but you should not have . we might not be here long ! Ben have be watch they anxiously , tear between hang up the phone , or wait for he call to go through . the call finally come through . BEN hello , hello ? be this ambrose chappell ? Mr. ambrose chappell ? all right ... I will ... I he look up at the group . they notice he for the first time . jan oh hello , Mr. conway . do not know you be there . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 82. val ( to Jan with meaning ) it 's mckenna ... Doctor mckenna . welcome to London town , doctor . jan ( toward Ben ) oh , I be sorry . ( to jo ) I know you be marry , but a doctor . how clever ! especially in such a psychosomatic business . why -- cindy will you be quiet ! jan Cindy ! cindy you do not know what psychosomatic mean . jan I do too ! it mean when you mind get sick of you body it do something to it -- cindy the doctor 's try to talk on the phone . Ben try to be casual and amiable . BEN it 's only business . it 's nothing . helen parnell flop into a chair . helen Business be everything . shhh . they all fall silent , and watch Ben . he be uncomfortable . BEN hello ? ( he try to keep voice down ) Mr. ambrose chappell ? ( force to be louder ) I say be this ambrose chappell ? ... well this Mr. mckenna . uh , ... Doctor Benjamin mckenna . he look at the listen group uncomfortably . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 83. j0 ( to group ) I do not think we need to be quiet . would you like some drink ? Val parnell signal silently to she that he can wait until after the call . BEN well , uh , uh .. be you go to be at you address for a while ? uh huh , it 's just some business . nothing big . uh huh , well thank you . I will drop around . int . claridge's suite - ( day ) - mo . shot Ben hang up , and turn to the group . he try to be as casual as possible . he pick up the note from Louis Bernard , and the one on which the address of ambrose chappell be write and shove they into he pocket . he rise to meet he guest . jan see . we could have talk . j0 ( smile ) that 's what I tell you . jo ( to group ) I would like everyone to meet my husband . Ben volunteer he hand to Val parnell , while nodd at Mrs. parnell . val ( take he hand ) I have hear so much about you , Doctor , it 's nice to see you in person . helen you look just like , that picture jo have in she dress room four year ago . have not change a bit . jan why should he ? he 's a doctor . probably get free hormone . everyone laugh , include Ben and jo. jo and this one be Jan Peterson who sing almost as well as I do , but can handle that leg like nijinsky . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 84. BEN I can believe it . how do you do , Jan . jan when nijinsky get off the stage he be through with he footwork . that 's just when mine begin . laughter again . jo and Cindy fontaine , the most wonderful expatriate I have ever know . BEN ( nod to she ) have not you be home recently ? cindy how can I go back to harrisburg ? they know I there as elva macduff ( shake 's she head , pat she wide hip ) Cindy . it do not fit any more . val where 's you boy ? I would like to see which one you he look like . all momentary gaiety go from jo 's face , and Ben have a hard time appear nonchalant . BEN he -- he 's stay with some other people -- so we can have a little time to ourselves . jan what 's he name ? jo ( tonelessly ) hank . Henry , really . cindy I hope he have you look , and the doctor 's brain . jo turn away toward the flower . jo thank you again for the beautiful flower . BEN ( quickly ) I be take order for drink . he look around . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 85 . val okay . but dinner tonight 's on I . jo turn around to look at he , disturb , almost to the point of alarm . a carefree dinner be something she just could not go through . BEN ( into phone ) room service , please . val a welcome home for jo. ( smile at she ) and I wish I could persuade she to stay a month . jo oh , Val -- I wish I could , but ... BEN ( to Val ) will you order the stuff ? he start toward the door , pause to pat jo comfortingly on the shoulder . BEN I will be back in a little while . helen be not you go to wait for a drink , doctor . BEN thank you , but I will catch up when I get back . Ben start for the door . jo Ben ! she go with he to the door . int . savoy suite - ( day ) - close shot Ben open the door , and jo follow he half - way into the corridor . the voice of the other be half - hear over jo and Ben 's sotto voce conversation . jan ( to Cindy ) maybe he 's tired . maybe he would like to sleep , or something . maybe he have ulcer and can not eat . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 86. j0 Ben , please ... ( she take he be ) BEN it have to be do , jo . j0 I want to go with you . cindy Jan , how somebody so graceful can have such a awkward sense of diplomacy , I will never know . BEN you can not . I will not disappear . promise . in the background , the four visitor , while not actually eavesdropp , be somewhat subdued by the attitude of the mckennas toward each other . jo Ben , for the last time , please let I go . he pat she affectionately on the cheek . BEN two people be much easier to follow than one . we do not want Buchanan 's man on we track . or the other people , either . I be go out by the service entrance -- he turn and go quickly . she watch he briefly , then turn back into the room . she try to assume a more pleasant face ... lap dissolve to : ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium shot in a quiet street off camden town we see Ben , alight and pay off a London taxi . the taxi do a u-turn and disappear around a corner . Ben start to walk toward the camera . he glance at the piece of paper from , he pocket bear ambrose chappell 's address . he be completely alone in a desert street -- so much so that he footstep click on the pavement and create the feel of a echo . as he walk he listen to the echo ind for a moment wonder if it be a echo . he slow up and come to a stop close to the camera . there be complete silence -- only the faint distant London traffic noise . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 87. ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot he resume he walk , the camera dollying he . the echo start again . he slow up again and stop -- but this time the echo continue . he become tense , look around in alarm . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium long shot the camera pan the street from Ben 's viewpoint . there be no sign of anyone . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben resume he walk , the camera dollying he . he stop suddenly , as though to trap the echo -- but the echo come on after he . slightly scared , he now resume he walk with a more hurried pace . the echo get louder . he glance quickly over he shoulder again . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium shot a man be follow he , at about the same pace . he be rather well dress , and appear nonchalant . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben continue walk , and after a bit cautiously glance behind he . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot the same man be follow behind . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben glance down at the paper in he hand , and look up try to locate the right house number as he walk . the street have a mixture of house , yard , a odd dirty - look store or two . Ben 's expression indicate that he would like to make he destination before the man follow catch up with he . then he change he mind . he deliberately slow up . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot show Ben as he walk slowly along , listen to the man approach behind he , listen with the back of he head , and with he whole body . the man walk behind be aware of Ben . he begin stare at he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 88. Ben instinctively clenches he right hand into a fist of preparedness . as the man close in Ben we see that he be rather elderly , sixty year old , perhaps . as the man reach Ben , and pass he , Ben 's follow he and study he . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben watch the man go on ahead of he at a faster pace . suddenly the man turn a sharp right into doorway , and be go . Ben glance at the paper in he hand . he stop and look up in astonishment . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot the little side doorway in which the elderly man turn . above it be a old paint sign read " ambrose chappell - taxidermist . " ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben hesitates briefly in think , put the piece of paper into he pocket , then make up he mind and go through the doorway . ext . SMALL yard - ( day ) - close shot Ben , rather cautiously , make he way across a small and somewhat dreary - look yard , and come to face a low building at the end of which be a kind of small factory . the door of the factory be just close as he make he way across . ext . SMALL yard - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben pause at the door to the factory , and look down at the pushbutton bell . there be a window next to the door . Ben bend and peer through the window . ext . factory window - ( day ) - close shot stare through the other side of the window be the snarling , realistic head of a tiger . ext . SMALL yard - ( day ) - medium close shot startle , Ben recoil instinctively . then he turn back to the door , take a deep breath , brace himself , and press the doorbell . the door be soon open by a young workman in shirtsleeve and apron . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 89 . workman yes ? BEN I ... I would like to speak to Mr. ambrose chappell , please . workman come in . he open the door , and Ben enter . int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben follow the workman into the shop . it be cluttere with stuff animal of every size and shape imaginable . lion , tiger , elephant head , swordfish , crocodile -- everything . Ben stare around at what he see . a number of workmen be busy mount , stuff , and prepare animal for display . the workmen who let he in call to someone . workman a send to see you , sir . int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - medium close shot a man , about eighty year old , turn from inspect a piece of work , and come forward to Ben . he be a thin , gracious , gentle sort of creature . chappell sr . good afternoon , sir. I be ambrose chappell . Ben study the man briefly . his face show disbelief that such a man could be put of a assassination plot . chappell stop in front of he , wait a brief moment . chappell sr . what can I do for you ? BEN well you see , I uh ... there be a twinkle in the old man' eye . chappell sr . you give I you name that might be a start . BEN oh , of course , mckenna . Doctor Benjamin mckenna , I call you . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 90 . chappell sr . ( after a moment ) oh , yes , yes . BEN you be ambrose chappell ? chappell sr . ( smile ) I have be ambrose chappell for nearby seventy - one year . ( he wink ) but I think I understand you problem . BEN you do ? chappell sr certainly . it happen all the time . you expect someone else -- just a moment . ( he turn and call out ) ambrose ! int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - medium close shot from behind a doorway on the far side a man emerge 's in response to the call . he be somewhat young than the first ambrose chappell , but not by much . he be the fifty - year- old gentleman who have be apparently follow Ben on the street . the camera pan he over follow to he father , and Ben . chappell sr . I think this gentleman want to talk to we . chappell JR . now , father . now why do not you go and have a nice rest ? chappell sr . humph ! I have century of rest ahead of I . ( nod to Ben ) good day to you , sir . Ben nod in return , and the elder chappell return to whatever he be do when Ben enter . chappell JR . now what can I do for you ? Ben turn he attention back to the son . he be now a little more in command of himself . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 91. BEN I be Doctor mckenna . ( he wait , no reaction ) do the name mean anything to you ? chappell Jr. think for a moment . the name obviously do not register . chappell I do not think so . int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - mo . shot a widor angle of the shop . Workmen pause in they work to look in the direction of Ben with some curiosity . int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - medium close shot chappell Jr. nod he head , but wait with a deadpan expression for Ben to continue . after a pause , Ben do . BEN you have no idea why I come here ? chappell JR . my dear sir , I have not the faintest idea ! Ben 's expression show that he feel chappell be put up a thorough bluff , but he still go on . BEN I be give you name by someone I happen to meet in marrakesh . chappel Jr. 's expression do not change , except for a slightly raise eyebrow . chappell JR . oh , yes ? Ben now have the feel he 's on to the right man . BEN I suppose you have hear of he . Louis Bernard . a frenchman . chappell jr. Louis Bernard ? he seem to be turn the name over in he mind . Ben turn to at the workmen around they . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 92. int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - medium close shot the workmen half - listen , return to they work on the various animal . they be a bit self - conscious at be observe eavesdropp . int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben turn back to chappell Jr. he move in a little closer , and drop he voice somewhat . chappell Jr. watch he warily . BEN let 's stop fencing with word , huh ? Bernard tell I to come here , just before he die . chappell JR . this man be ... dead ? BEN you know it as well as I do . now I come to make a business proposition . and I do not see how you can turn it down . ambrose chappell look over to a man stuff animal 's corpse . chappeel JR . what do you have in mind ? BEN you want to talk here ? chappell JR . certainly . we have no secret from we employee . BEN okay . first of all , I have not uttere one word of what Bernard tell to before he die . and I will not . frankly I be not interested in political intrigue , and I do not care who it be you be go to kill here in London . all I want be that boy , and I will get on the first plane for America . when Ben begin mention a kill , chappell Jr 's face take on a look of alarm , almost panic . he move back from Ben , watch he like a deadly cobra . Ben , however , now convinced that he have the right man in front of he , move in on he to finish he proposition . BEN now that be not all . if money will do anything ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 93. int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - mo . close shot chappell Jr. now seem thoroughly frighten . he move back from Ben , almost stumbling . he turn , go back to the door of a small office , in which be now stand chappell sr . int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - close shot chappell sr. lean closer to the open door , as the son speak urgently and sotto voce to he . chappell JR . Father -- phone the police ! Quick ! int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - mo . close shot chappell Jr. now turn back toward Ben , try to assume a pleasant and casual manner . chappell JR . now , sir -- shall we go into this a little more carefully ? you say something about money ? Workmen be pause in they work to look at the pair , wonder at the mention of money . BEN you tell he to call the police . now do not try to bluff I like that ! he reach out quickly , grab chappell jr. by the label . the man give a involuntary cry of fear . int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - close shot chappell sr. be on the phone . chappell sr . this be ambrose chappell 's -- burdett Street . will you send someone round at once ? ( glancing toward he ) there 's be a extraordinary individual here , and we really can not cope with he . int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - medium close shot chappell Jr. struggle to get loose from Ben 's grasp . chappell JR . let I go ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 94. BEN you do not know Louis Bernard ? chappell JR . I have never hear of he . BEN and you do not have any idea what go on in marrakesh yesterday , or where my boy be ? chappell JR . no , of course not ! Edgar ! William ! Davis ! help ! Ben let go of chappell Jr. , and turn in confusion . int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - medium shot the workmen drop they tool , and move in on Ben quickly and threateningly . even chappell sr. come out of the office in alarm . Ben back away toward the door . BEN now just a minute . take it easy . I obviously get the wrong place . now stay away from I . but they do not . they come on . Ben look quickly around for a weapon , or a exit . he see the door , and move quickly toward it , but the workmen be faster than he be . two of they bar the exit . Ben try to shove they out of the way and get through the door . the man grapple with he . chappell Jr. , himself , and another workman rush in , endeavor to subdue Ben . a silent , but furious struggle ensue . it be now a complete melee between the four man and Ben as they try to hold he down . chappell JR . hold he ... hold he ... till the police come . Ben break loose temporarily , try to find another escape . he realize that the time for talk be past . but as fast as he be , the man be on he again . they twist and struggle through the stuff and mount animal . there be a melange of lion head , swordfish , and other partially complete job . sometimes , Ben in he struggle come face to face with the angry head of a bare - tooth lion . ambrose chappell Jr. himself at one point find the swordfish a very painful object somewhere about he anatomy . Ben eventually wrench himself free . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 95 . int . taxidermy shop - ( day ) - medium close shot shoot toward the doorway . the confusion give he a free moment . he make the door , twist it open , and dash out into the yard . suddenly he turn back and dash in again . the man retreat in fear . Ben pick up he fall hat and dash out again . int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium shot the five person in the mckenna suit be sit around . all but jo have drink in they hand . she seem to be absorb in she own thought , but Val parnell be hold forth , oblivious at first to she disinterest . val ... and back at we flat , after the first night , Chris have the nerve to suggest that the sketch where Bud flanagan come in dress up as the countess be unconvincing ... that no matter how well - get - up Bud flanagan be , even if he be dress by hartnell , nobody would believe he be a aristocrat . so I say , ' look Chris , why do not you cut William hickey 's column out of the paper ?! -- he stop talk , as he look across at the silent jo. helen and the other , follow he look . they watch she sympathetically . jo seem totally unaware that anyone else be in the room , stare , into thin air , absorb with thought of she own . val ( softly ) jo. jo. jo huh ? val what 's become of that unpredictable husband of yours ? ( consult he watch ) he 's be go over a hour . she do not answer , so he go on . val who be it he go to see ? some man name ... ( look at group for help ) ... what be it ... Church ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 96 . int . savoy suite - ( day ) - close shot slowly jo 's expression begin to chance to one of interest . we see a flood of thought express in she face . she look across at Val and reply : jo no. no ... you mean chappell ! she rise from she chair with some excitement . she murmur , almost to herself : jo it 's not a man , it 's a place ! ambrose Chapel ! ambrose Chapel ! it have to be ! int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium close shot the other watch jo , puzzle at she strange performance . no one dare speak until she find out what it mean . int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium shot with some excitement , jo address Val parnell . j0 do they list chapel in the London telephone directory ? val let 's a take a look . he cross to the telephone desk , pick up telephone directory and open it . int . savoy suite - ( day ) insert of telephone directory - Val 's finger land on ' ambrose Chapel , 17 ambrose Street , West two . ' int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium shot val ( excitedly ) here it be , ambrose Chapel , 17 ambrose Street , West two . he turn triumphantly to jo . without hesitation she cross to a table , take she purse . she hurry to the door without a word ; then turn to they . jo I be very sorry . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 97 . jo ( cont 'd ) but have another drink -- and please explain to Ben when he come in . she hurry out the door . the other be leave stand , look at each other . Val and helen speak almost at the same time , ask each other the same question . val and helen explain what ? dissolve : ext . ambrose STREET - ( day ) - long shot jo hurry down street towards chapel see in b.g. ext . ambrose STREET - day - medium shot jo enter and stare off at the chapel . ext . ambrose STREET - ( day ) - medium long shot of chapel as see by jo . ext . ambrose STREET - ( day ) - close shot jo wonder if this really be the right place . she decide she have better phone Ben and turn out of shot . dissolve : int . savoy suite - medium shot - ( day ) the parnell party be still wonder what all this be about . cindy there 's something weird go on around here that I can not follow . val let 's see if we can figure this out . first of all there be a man name to uh ... helen ambrose Chapel . cindy and Ben rush off to see he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 98. helen then jo say it be not a man , but a place and she dash off . jan do not mention it again or I might dash off . cindy what a temptation . helen can you fathom it , Val ? Val pace thoughtfully , and they watch he . val it must be a now american gag . I will ask Danny about it . at that moment the door suddenly open . everyone turn in surprise . Ben be stand in the doorway . he come slowly into the room , close the door . he be very tired look , and dishevel . they watch he enter silently . int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium close shot too tired to say anything at first , Ben drop into the first chair he come to . then he look up . BEN where 's jo ? Val walk over to he , hand he a ready - make drink . Ben take it but do not have time to drink when Val speak . val she 's just go off to ambrose Chapel . immediately Ben put down the drink . BEN but -- but , that 's where I have be ... he stand up . int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium shot val it be not you ambrose Chapel ! Ben look at he questioningly . helen it be not a he ! it 's a it ! a building . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 99 . cindy she 's just go there . int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben study the group try to appraise in he mind what they have say . BEN where be it ! what 's the address ? Val cross to find the phone book on the desk and look for address . val 17 ambrose Street , bayswater . Ben move quickly to the door and go out into corridor as telephone ring . Jan answer it . she put down the receiver and shout out to Ben . jan Doctor ! Doctor ! it 's jo ! come back -- it 's jo. Ben come quickly into the room push he way through everyone . int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium shot he go immediately to the phone . Jan hand Ben the receiver . BEN jo ? int . london call BOX - ( day ) - close shot jo be overjoy to hear Ben 's voice . jo Ben -- Ben , darling ... what happen -- do you find anything ? int . savoy suite - ( day ) - close shot BEN no -- I draw a complete blank . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 100 . int . london call BOX - ( day ) - close shot jo then it must be the chapel - and I have find it , Ben . it 's just a short way from here . it be a crazy thing to do -- int . savoy suite - ( day ) - close shot BEN ( interrupt hurriedly ) I have the address , jo . now stay there until I get there ... and do not do anything ! int . london call BOX - ( day ) - close shot jo lose some of she anxiety . jo I will meet you outside . she hang up , sigh and start out of the phone booth . int . savoy suite - ( day ) - medium shot Ben hang up the phone and start for the door . he look back at the group as he pause in doorway . BEN will you stick around ? we will be back as soon as we can . I do not know how to thank you . he go out through the door close it . everyone stand stare at the door . dissolve to : ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot jo stand watch something across the street . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . long shot from jo 's viewpoint , the exterior of ambrose Chapel . a old building , silent and desert . a fade sign outside identify it . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 101. int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . shot a non-conformist Chapel . empty , except for one figure , a woman lay out music on the organ rack in the front of the Chapel . the camera move in on she , and as she turn on she way to the hymn board , we see that she be Mrs. drayton . at the hymn board , she slip into it a series of hymn number . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot the camera then pan she across the empty chapel to a side door . she go through it . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot she come up a flight of stair , the camera moving with she . she stop at a door on the first landing , take a key out of she pocket , and unlock the door . she enter . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot Inside of a small , almost bare room , Mrs. drayton close the door behind she and stand with she back to it , watch . the camera pan slightly to reveal the rest of the room . sitting at a small table be a listless , young hank mckenna . he be play checker with the woman we see at the airport who be stand with the autograph hunter , watch jo mckenna . the one with the dirty glass , who make a phone call . hank have catch the woman in a checker trap , and with obvious satisfaction jump three of she man . hank Three man ! you do not know much about checker , do you ? mrs . drayton it 's time you go to bed , dear . you will get tired out . hank can I finish ? I be win ? mrs . drayton yes , you finish . edna , see that he get some milk and biscuit . edna and he would better have another sleep pill ... I have get to get downstairs -- mrs . drayton ( to hank ) you will go to sleep , hank , will not you ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 102. hank I guess so . edna hurry up if you want to finish this game . mrs . drayton look it do not hurt to be kind . yell out when you want I to open the door . edna study the board with a frown . Mrs. drayton smile and go out the door . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . shot in the corridor once again Mrs. drayton lock the door , and cross the hall . the camera panning she . she enter another door . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . shot she enter a larger , more ornate room . the camera pan she in , and we see first drayton , who be put on a surplice -- and then the man who knock on the mckennas ' door in the mamounia Hotel , look for someone name Montgomery . he be put on a tie and tuxedo . he wear a dangerous - look revolver strapped underneath he armpit ; Mrs. drayton , without a word , sit down and light a cigarette , exhaling with something close to fatigue . then she speak . mrs . drayton I wish it be tomorrow . drayton turn , have finish he dress . drayton ( coldly ) that 's not a very orthodox sentiment . he go to a desk , and take something out of a drawer . it be a small envelope . he turn to the man with the gun . drayton two excellent ticket for the concert at the Albert Hall -- with my compliment . he hand they to rien . rien take the envelope , glance at it briefly , then put it into he pocket . drayton you box be nicely place , or shall we say strategically place . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 103. he go to a portable record player , which be open and have a record on it . he look down at the phonograph . drayton now for the most important part . he gesture towards the record . rien what be it ? drayton a record of the delightful picco they will play tonight . rien what about it ? drayton Music be less in you line than marksmanship . if you will listen , my friend , I will play for you the exact moment at which you can shoot . now listen carefully . drayton play the record . drayton let I do it for you again . now listen for the cymbal crash . drayton play the record again and clap he hand together at the cymbal crash . drayton you see at such a moment you shot will not be hear . the listener will not even be disturb . I think the composer would have appreciate that . no one will know . rien none except one you mean . the assassin smile . drayton ah , yes -- if you be clever , my friend . any question musical or otherwise ? rien no . drayton there 's 's one comforting think . it happen early in the evening . I hope I will not upset you if I say there 's time for one shot only . if you need another , the risk be yours . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 104. rien I do not take risk . drayton that 's a comfort -- traipsing all the way down to marrakesh to fetch you I should like you to do I credit . he look at he watch . drayton you distinguished target 's on the way there now . a car be wait for you downstairs at the back entrance . you will pick up a miss benson on you way . she will be you companion in the box . she 's there to lend a air of respectability ... if that 's possible . rien you will have the money when I return ? drayton I think you can trust I . rien ( look he up and down ) what be you English proverb -- a wolf in sheep 's clothing ? drayton laugh . drayton I think you have better be go . it be impolite to be late for a concert . it would be awkward if they make you wait until the first selection be over . he turn to he wife . drayton see he downstairs , my dear . ( to rien ) I be sorry you must sneak out the back way , but we have to preserve we respectable front . she exit with the assassin . drayton turn to the mirror and survey himself . lap dissolve to : ext . rear entrance ambrose chapel - ( day ) in the distance jo be see pace . to rear door of the chapel open and Mrs. drayton push rien out . he cross and enter a wait car . the car drive off . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 105 . ext . ambrose STREET - ( day ) - medium shot the shadow of the day be lengthen as Ben get out of a taxi and approach jo stand on the sidewalk . his fatigue of before seem to have vanish in he eagerness to meet jo and find out what she know . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben come up to she . she grip he hand . jo there it be . BEN you may have just hit it right on the nose . you can not be farther wrong than I be with my ambrose Chapel . let 's go . jo Ben , should we get some help from the police ? BEN no , honey , please , no -- let 's take a crack at this alone . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium long shot the Chapel as see from they viewpoint . people be now enter it , but it seem as if the tag end of the congregation be enter , because the service be obviously under way , the sound of hymn sing come across faintly to we . ext . london STREET - ( day ) - medium close shot Ben take she hand , squeeze it affectionately . together they cross the street , the camera panning they up the step of the chapel and to the entrance . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium shot they enter the Chapel from the rear , look around cautiously . a hymn be in progress . the Chapel hold about three hundred people . it be of the non-conformist type and the congregation consist mostly of middle - age and elderly woman . although the mckennas be not aware of it , we notice that the organist be none other than edna , the woman who observe jo at the airport , and later take care of hank . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 106. ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium close shot carefully the mckennas find they way to a back row seat . one or two of the woman in the back row turn to look at the new arrival . jo want to whisper something to Ben , but with a gesture he silence she . Ben pick up hymnal , hand she one , find the right page and begin to sing along with the hymn . but instead of follow the word of the hymn , Ben make up he own word to communicate with jo , as he look around at the chapel . BEN ( sing ) this look like mother wild goose chase . jo ( sing they ) let 's wait and look around ... some of the parishioner turn and listen to jo 's voice because it have a professional quality that rise above the rest . whether they be watch she in suspicion , or admiration , be hard to tell . jo turn she attention to the hymn book , try to be unnotice . Ben 's eye catch something come down the aisle . BEN ( sing ) look who 's come down the aisle . jo follow he glance , lean forward a little and to one side . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium shot come up the aisle with a collection basket , collect money during the hymn be Mrs. drayton . she be approach the row in which the mckennas be stand . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium close shot jo look towards Ben helplessly . Mrs. drayton be between the two of they and any possible exit . Ben immediately ease he way along behind a column which hide he somewhat from the front , but not from the side . jo endeavor to shrink she body behind a tall woman in front of she , but she be not entirely successful . we can see Mrs. drayton get closer to they . jo look toward Ben almost panicked . suddenly Mrs. drayton have reach the end of they row . she push forward she collection plate , and as she do so she face blanch . she instantly identify the two . Ben , with little else to do , look she straight in the eye and put some coin into she plate . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 107 . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium close shot as the astonished Mrs. drayton turn to go back down the aisle with she plate of coin and bill , we now see the surplice Mr. drayton ascend the pulpit . he look down to he wife . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium shot from Mr. drayton 's viewpoint , as he notice he wife come up the aisle with a startle expression on she face . she try to nod with she head to indicate something important lie behind she . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - close shot Mr. drayton , try to puzzle out she alarm , study she face , and then lift he eye to look beyond she . the expression on he face leave no doubt that he cannot understand what she 's try to convey . the hymn have come a end , and the congregation start seating itself . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium close shot the mckennas take a seat along with the rest , and as yet they be relatively inconspicuous from the front of the chapel . Ben take a piece of paper out of he pocket , examine it , and satisfied it be the right one , hand it to he wife . the congregation fall silent as drayton be apparently about to begin he sermon . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium close shot drayton glance down to he Bible , open it a certain page , and as he do so , he look at he wife who be sit near the organ . she half - turn to look up at he . she seem frighten . drayton fumble with the page of the Bible , apparently try to make something out of he wife 's attitude . fail , he look up and begin he sermon . he speak into a microphone . drayton Brothers and sister : the subject of my address this evening be adversity . the average life , yours and mine , be often harass and perplex by cruelty and disappointment beyond we control . strangely enough , it be often the thing beyond we control which help to make we better being . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 108. pain and tribulation be the testing ground of life and let we be grateful for they . let we bless the disappointment and the frustration and say a prayer for the agony of the moment . only thus shall we confirm and re-confirm we own goodness and therefore the essential goodness of all mankind . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium close shot half-glancing at drayton as he deliver he sermon . Ben talk to jo . they conversation be whisper . BEN that 's Buchanan 's phone number . go on out and call he and ask he to surround the place with police . jo what if he ask I ... BEN tell he ... tell he everything . this be the time . I be sure hank be around here some place . jo Ben , I do not want to leave you . BEN I do not know how else to do it , honey . Ben give she a gentle push . with a regretful look at he , she slide out of the seat . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - close shot in the middle of he sermon , drayton look up . he almost falter and stop , as he see jo rise from she seat . the chapel as see from drayton 's viewpoint . jo have turn up the aisle and go out the door at the back . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - close shot drayton compose he face , but he eye be serious . without the slight pause , he continue he sermon , shifting he idea in mid-paragraph . drayton few of we pause to think how life 's adversity work in we behalf , to make better man and woman of we . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 109 . drayton ( cont 'd ) but I believe we should pause now to do a little stock - take -- to look into we own heart and see what we find there . therefore instead of continue the service , I think we should all return to we home for private meditation , remember how little we have to complain of and how much to be grateful for . next week I shall discuss the fruit of we meditation . until then , my bless upon each and every one of you . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben watch drayton , with little charity in he heart . there be a stir in the congregation when drayton tell they to go home . they look at each other , uncertainly . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . shot drayton close the Bible , and begin to descend from the pulpit . the congregation come to life . the member rise from they seat and begin filing out of the chapel . occasionally they cast backward glance toward the pulpit , as if surprised at what they have hear . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot when drayton reach the two step of the altar , he beckon the organist to he . she come , and he whisper something to she . he then motion he wife nearer to he , and also whisper something to she . Mrs. drayton go off through a side door by the altar , while the organist make she way down the aisle through the congregation to stand by the door . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot the camera pan Ben as he thread he way up through the woman who be filing out . drayton stand at the front of the chapel , wait . finally , after a slow and deliberate walk up the now nearly empty chapel , Ben come face to face with drayton . drayton greet he with bland amiability . drayton well this be a pleasant surprise , Doctor . BEN where 's my boy , drayton ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 110. drayton he 's upstairs . as a matter of fact you have just come in time to help my wife with hank 's food . seem hank do not care much for English cooking . drayton 's eye stray to the back of the church as he talk . Ben , notice drayton 's eye movement , follow it cautiously . but before he can confirm he suspicion , there be a loud clang of a door close that give he he answer . he look around quickly . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . long shot at the other end of the chapel , the woman , edna , have just close the door , and be in the process of lock the heavy iron lock with a large key . she extract the key and put it into she pocket . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben turn back to drayton to find that he manner have change somewhat . he grab he quickly by the throat of he robe . BEN what do you want ? I will give you money and keep my mouth shut . all I want be my boy . drayton and what about you wife ? do she go outside just to get some fresh air . BEN tell I what you want . I will do anything . drayton all right -- you will see you boy in good time . with a sudden twist , he wrench himself away from Ben . he reach for a button on the altar , press it . instantly the door by the side of the altar open and two rather strong man appear . Ben turn alertly to face they , back of a little . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot one of the man be obviously the chauffeur type , and the other one , a handyman type in he shirtsleeve . Ben take this in , and notice the open door behind they . Ben maneuver himself toward the pulpit , and suddenly dash for the step . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 111. he surprise they with he speed , and before anyone can stop he , he be in the pulpit . he grab the microphone previously use by drayton in he sermon . he yell into it . BEN hank ! hank mckenna ! hank ! where be you ? hank ! hank ! as the sound roar through he chapel the two man dash for the pulpit , and at that mount we hear , faintly off , the voice of hank : hank daddy ! daddy , I be here ! dad - his voice be choke off . Ben jump down from the pulpit in a effort to make for the open door , but the two man throw themselves on top of he . int . phone booth - ( day ) - close shot jo speak into the phone with great urgency . jo ... and Ben be in there now , watch the both of they ! int . special branch office - ( day ) - close shot woburn , assistant to Buchanan , be listen intently on the phone . the office behind he be not handsomely appoint . jo 's voice be hear on filter . j0 he send I out to call you -- so we could do something before they get away . woburn I see , Mrs. mckenna -- and you believe you son be somewhere in the chapel ? jo I do not know , I do not know where he be ... but at least this people will know -- the drayton . if you would only send somebody to get they . woburn I be afraid it be not quite as easy as all that . int . phone booth - ( day ) - close shot jo interrupt he , impatient with he caution . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 112. j0 Mr. woburn , there be not any time ! my husband be sit in that chapel wait for I to bring some help . can not I talk with Mr. Buchanan ? he say when we need he , to call . int . special branch office - ( day ) - mo . close shot woburn be concerned . woburn I be awfully sorry , but I simply can not get hold of he just now . he 's go to a rather important diplomatic affair -- at the Albert Hall . int . phone booth - ( day ) - close shot jo be tired of he talk . she want action . jo well call he there , please ! call he ! int . special branch office - ( day ) - mo . close shot as he talk , woburn reach for a pad d a pencil , and begin make some note . woburn he 's on he way . I do not know quite -- jo ( filter ) then can not you do anything -- right away -- before we lose the drayton ? woburn I assure you , I will do all I cant as soon as I can . int . phone booth - ( day ) - close shot jo be at the frantic point . jo we do not have day to do this . it 's a matter of minute . can not you send the police . or do I have to go to the Albert Hall myself . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 113. int . special branch office - ( day ) - mo . close shot woburn finish make he note . he reach for another phone with he leave hand , and dial a number as he talk to jo. woburn ( efficiently ) that will not be necessary . I will see that the chapel be put under immediate observation . by the time you get back a police car should be there . please return to you husband , tell he to come straight out of the chapel , and let the police take over . he turn to the other phone . woburn woburn , special branch , hold on . ( to the other phone ) I must ring off now , Mrs. mckenna . please believe I , I will have everything laid on . int . phone booth - ( day ) - close shot with a feel of frustration , jo hang up the phone as woburn click off on the other end . she exit to the phone booth . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium long shot the back door of the chapel open and drayton , hank and Mrs. drayton emerge . drayton lock chapel door and cross to a wait car . they all get in and the car move off . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium long shot jo hurry up the street towards ambrose Chapel . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium close shot jo turn the corner head for the chapel . she look . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . long shot the door of the chapel be close . it seem strangely desert . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 114. ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium long shot jo hurry across the street , and up the step to the Chapel . she try the door . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot the door lock . she try it again . it do not give . she bang she on the door . no one answer . jo 's face be puzzle and a frighten . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium close shot the camera pan jo to the right side of the Chapel . she look down the length of it . no sign of anyone . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot the camera pan jo to the right side of the Chapel . there be no sign of life down the whole side of it . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot jo return to the front door , examine it , try it again . now there be definite panic in she face . there be the sudden sound of a car pull up quickly to the curb . she turn . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . long shot a police car have pull up to the curb . there be four man in it . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . shot the camera pan jo from the front of the Chapel down to the police car . Three man be get out , leave the driver inside . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot jo come up to the three man . one of they , in charge , do the talk . jo there 's nobody there ! patterson be you Mrs. mckenna ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 115. jo yes , but something 's wrong . a few minute ago the place be full of people , and now there 's nobody ! two of the police move up toward the Chapel . Patterson glance at it . patterson we order be to keep it under observation until a Scotland yard car arrive . jo my husband 's in there . there must have be thirty or forty people ... and now ... Patterson look at she carefully . patterson when be this ? jo it could not ... it could not have be more than five minute ago ! patterson ( interrupt ) let 's take a look . jo I tell Mr. woburn he have to hurry . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - medium close shot the camera pan the two of they up to the Chapel . the other police have go down the side for a inspection . Patterson and jo go to the main door . Patterson try it . jo I try that . it 's look , let 's force it open . patterson I be sorry , madam , we can not break in . ( sympathetic ) require a search warrant . it 's the law , you see . jo could not you get one ? patterson it all take time . we will have a look round , shall we ? matthews , you take the other end . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 116. matthews all right . they start around the corner to inspect the side of the Chapel . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot Patterson and jo peer in the window . they apparently see nothing . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot another policeman be check the window on the other side . nothing . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot the third policeman be check the alleyway in back of the Chapel . he see no sign of anything suspicious . Patterson and jo come around the back and try the back door . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot the back door be firmly lock . matthews there 's no one there , sir . patterson be you quite certain the place be full of people -- only a few minute ago ? jo of course I be certain . I be there myself , sit next to my husband . he send I out to call Scotland yard . he look at she quizzically . j0 it 's much too complicated to explain . patterson we will just have to sit tight and wait for the car to arrive from the yard . he start for the front of the Chapel , and jo , unhappily , be force to follow . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 117. int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot the chapel be desert inside . in the dim light we can see a form stretch out on the floor . it be Ben . he begin to stir a little as if just beginning to come to after be knock unconscious . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot the policeman be group around the patrol car , as Patterson , the sergeant , talk over a radio telephone . patterson so far as we can make out , sir , there 's no sign of life . I see , very good , Sir . he hang up , and get out of the open car . he turn to one of he man . patterson walden , you will stay here , till the car arrive from the yard . walden okay . patterson that 's all , matthews . the other policeman get into the car , leave the door open for the sergeant . jo you be not leave ? patterso ( politely ) order , madam . can we give you lift somewhere ? jo be frustrated , and irritate , but she think for a moment and make a sudden decision . jo yes , I want to go to Albert Hall . Patterson look at she with tolerant surprise . patterson afraid the Albert Hall 's a bit off we beat . suppose we drop you at the nearest taxi rank ? jo look back at the Chapel briefly . jo all right . let 's go . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 118. they get into the car , and the camera pan it , as it drive away down the long Victoria London street , which now remain desert . ext . embassy - ( day ) - mo . shot the exterior rear of a huge residential building such as be to be find in kensington Palace garden or belgrave Square . the camera pan down and we see a humber car drive through the gate at the rear . it pull up at the service entrance . a man sit beside the chauffeur get out of the car . Inside the car be the drayton and hark mckenna . we see the man hurry to the door of the kitchen and enter . int . embassy kitchen - ( day ) - mo . shot there be a big staff of kitchen help , chef , maid of middle - age , all prepare food for what be obviously a big party . the man who have enter , call to they to get they attention . guard hello . hello . the work fall quiet as they become aware of he . guard everybody out into the corridor . hurry ( he clap he hand ) there be a moment of bewilderment and confusion . the man cross to someone obviously a butler , and whisper some word to he . the butler turn to the worker and start herding they toward the corridor through a door in the far corner of the kitchen . butler do what he say . come on . it will only be a minute . come on , all of you -- out . the man go to the door . ext . embassy - ( day ) - medium shot he lean out the door and beckon the drayton and hank to come in quickly . the three get out of the car and hurry toward the door . int . embassy kitchen - ( day ) - mo . shot the man move back into the kitchen , and go to stand guard at the doorway through which the worker leave . the door be close . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 119 . int . embassy corridor - ( day ) - mo . close shot the servant be pack together at one side of the corridor . they be talk , grumble . woman cook this embassy -- there 's always something queer go on . int . embassy corridor - ( day ) - close shot while the other servant be grumble , one be say nothing . he rather a shrewd -look young footman . he strain to listen through close door . come from the kitchen be several sound . a door open , the walk of foot , and finally the slam of a door . another voice bring people in , in secret ... another voice give I the swiss embassy every time , there 's neutrality for you ! then the sound of a car leave outside . the door to the kitchen open and the servant , include the young footman enter again . int . embassy corridor - ( day ) - mo . close shot the young footman , among the first to enter , survey the kitchen . there be no sign of anyone have pass through . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . long shot the street before the chapel be still desert , and the light of day be beginning to fade . suddenly the silence be break by the sound of the bell ringing spasmodically in the chapel belfry . along the street a few people begin put they head out of window , and the one policeman leave in charge be see hurry away down the street . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot Inside the chapel we can see the cause of the spasmodic bell ringing . Ben be use the rope to climb out of the chapel . he succeed in reach high window . he hold on to the window , and look down . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 120. ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - long shot from he viewpoint . he can see people gather in the street , look up at the chapel . int . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben decide to swing to the opposite window which will be away from the street . he swing , grab , and with some difficulty manage a foothold . he finally climb out through the window . ext . ambrose chapel - ( day ) - mo . close shot Ben move cautiously out onto the roof of the chapel . Beyond and below he we can see people on the street . he manage to lay low and crawl over the roof , the camera panning he . we can now see beyond and below the patrolman return with two regular uniform policeman . they be crossing toward the chapel look up , as we : lap dissolve to : ext . albert hall - ( day ) - long shot shoot through the Albert Memorial as a foreground piece we see the activity of the arrival at a big concert . through the archway large limousine be pull up , while on the sidewalk level with the main road odd taxi be pull in . we see the usual line of poster which run along the edge of the sidewalk . ext . albert hall - ( day ) - long shot the screen be fill with a large poster . it announce for that evening the commemorative concert . further detail on the poster indicate that a cantata will be sung feature the London symphony orchestra , the Royal choral Society , and a name woman as feature mezzo soprano , and conductor Bernard herrmann . between the camera and the poster a taxi pull up . it be near enough to the camera so that just the driver and the door fill the screen , jo mckenna step out the far side and pay off the driver with a ten shill note . she hurry away . the driver endeavor to call after she as he turn the note around in he hand . he look at it with satisfaction , and stuff it into the inner recess of he clothes . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 121. ext . albert hall - ( day ) - semi - long shot we see jo thread she way across the narrow inner roadway into which large limousine be creep and deposit indifferently dress aristocrat . ext . albert hall - ( day ) - mo . shot jo find herself go up the few step the front door surround by a mixture of tattily - dress , tiaraed English duchess , and the more elegantly dress member of the Corps diplomatique man in white tie , tail and order , and they more fashionably dress South american beauty . int . lobby - ( day ) - long shot shoot down from the stone-stepped , cast - iron railing staircase we see the milling people go off in different direction to they seat . there be a hubbub of voice through which we can hear the programme seller cry out they ware . int . lobby - ( day ) - semi-closeup jo patiently await she turn as two or three people , perhaps a couple of chelsea ' long - hair ' , and one other people , who obviously have not reserve ahead of time because they have no money , take they turn at the window . a uniform attendant , stand beside this queue , be repeat information for the benefit of the queue . uniformed attendant seat at a guinea . start room three and six -- jo move out of the queue and address he . jo ( Rather urgently ) I would like to see the manager , please . uniformed attendant I be sorry , madam , the manager 's on duty in the lobby . so 's he assistant . jo please , I must speak to one of they . which be they ? uniformed attendant ( vaguely ) over there somewhere ... he resume he chant . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 122. jo turn away disconsolately and start jo seek this man out for herself . the camera pan she over and she find herself block off by a crowd of four or five foot deep . int . lobby - ( day ) - close up jo , stand on she toe endeavor to look beyond the block of people . suddenly she face change as she see : int . lobby - ( day ) - mo . shot shoot over the head of crowd she see the arrival of a important personage . he be accompany by other who be apparently attendant upon he . a couple of the individual behind he be wear large order sashes underneath they white waistcoat . the principal figure of this group be a oldish a around sixty . he be in white tie and tail , and also wear a number of foreign order . about third be line behind he come ' Buchanan ' . int . lobby - ( day ) - close up jo immediately recognize he . int . lobby - ( day ) - mo . shot from she viewpoint we see the man she have be seek , possibly the manager of the Albert Hall , he assistant cow -tow behind he , and alongside of the manager someone dress like he might be ' Sir Kenneth Clarke ' , the head of the Arts Council , the new -arrival be greet . there be a exchange of courtesy , after which they be lead on toward the beginning of the staircase . as ' Buchanan ' come nearer . int . lobby - ( day ) - semi -close up jo try to push she way through towards he . the people around she resent she effort . behind jo be two girl in they early twenty . both be chelsea type . 1st girl ( bore ) be that the Prime Minister ? 2 nd girl ( enthuse ) no , that 's only the ambassador . the Prime Minister 's the one with the bald head . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 123. 1st girl well , I will guarantee he 's get a better seat than we have . the camera pan jo as she do manage to get forward a little , but she be catch up in the sudden break - up of the people who have line up to see arrival . by the time she be in the clear the camera pan she further and over she shoulder we see the last of ' Buchanan ' and the rest up the staircase , follow by other member of the audience go up in the same direction . int . lobby - ( day ) - close up we see jo 's frustration fill she face . she begin to turn she head . she look down with indecision . int . lobby - ( day ) - semi -close up in the foreground be pass people hurry towards they seat . there , take a step forward and stare in jo 's direction , be rien , the assassin . his face show considerable alarm at what he see . int . lobby - ( day ) - medium . shot from he viewpoint jo be half - turn in he direction . her head be still down . slowly she look up . her mouth half - open when she see the man she once see in the corridor of the hotel at marrakesh . int . lobby - ( day ) - semi -close up rien , with a quick think , hurry over to she . int . lobby - ( day ) - semi -close up the two be in semi -closeup . he say to she quietly : rien you have a very nice little boy , madame . he turn to go . jo clutches he and almost cry out . j0 where be he ? where be he ? rien do not reply . the camera pan he away . we see he join a woman escort and make they way for the staircase . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 124. int . lobby - ( day ) - semi -close up the camera pull back and we now see that the crowd in the lobby be thinning out . jo stand alone , jostle by a stream of late arrival . from the hall itself we can hear the SOUND of the orchestra tuning up , follow by a burst of applause , with a few shout which obviously herald the arrival of the visit dignitary in he box . int . lobby - ( day ) - semi -close up jo stare toward the open into the hall . she seem draw to go in . she cross and the camera follows she to the first entrance to the outer corridor . int . corridor - ( day ) - closeup jo stand for a moment and then slowly cross the corridor to the main entrance where the ticket collector and a programme girl stand . as she approach the open , the ticket collector step forward . ticket collector you ticket , madam ? jo shake she head . jo if you do not mind , I be just look for someone . she take a step or two forward as some new arrival take up the attention of the ticket collector . the programme girl escort they out of the scene . int . hall - ( day ) - closeup jo stare at the vast hall in front of she . int . hall - ( day ) - long shot from she viewpoint she see the complete hall , the orchestra and choir assemble , and a round of applause be hear as the conductor be see thread he way toward the instrument and mount the podium . int . hall - ( day ) - semi-closeup jo steal a glance toward the box which first catch she eye . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 125. int . hall - ( day ) - long shot from she viewpoint she see the flag-drape box of the foreign visitor . it be full of he entourage and seat slightly to the leave of he in the second row ' Buchanan ' be sit . nearer to she and in front of ' Buchanan ' on one side of the dignitary be a be-medalled , blue - sashed individual who might be a ambassador . int . hall - ( day ) - closeup jo turn she head away and look at the other side . int . hall - ( day ) - long shot the camera rove among the box . suddenly it stop on one as the assassin take he seat with he woman escort like any ordinary couple . they be quite casual in they behavior . int . hall - ( day ) - closeup jo become transfix . a sudden silence return she attention to the orchestra . int . hall - ( day ) - long shot from she viewpoint we see the full orchestra , the conductor with raise baton . int . hall - ( day ) - semi - long shot the woman 's choir raise they sheet of music in unison . int . hall - ( day ) - full long shot from a point high above we see the whole hall , the audience , and the orchestra . the cantata start with a roll on the timpani and a burst of music . int . hall - ( day ) - long shot a nearer view of the orchestra . int . hall - ( day ) - semi - long shot a whole sweep of the orchestra with the choir predominant . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 126. int . hall - ( day ) - semi - long shot a skim shot over the top of the orchestra with the string in the foreground predominant . the SOUND of this instrument seem to dominate the other music due to they proximity to the camera . int . hall - ( day ) - medium shot the cellos -- again they sound dominate the scene . int . hall - ( day ) - medium shot the woodwind -- the same sound effect . int . hall - ( day ) - medium shot now the brass . they note drow out the rest of the orchestra . int . hall - ( day ) - medium shot now the double brass . as each of this shot follow in succession , we get more intimate with each group of instrument and finally : int . hall - ( day ) - semi-closeup to the timpani where we just hear the kettle drum booming away . int . hall - ( day ) - semi-closeup at last one individual , who be seat with leg cross and arm fold , on a chair , and beside he on another chair , the cymbal . int . hall - ( day ) - closeup the inert cymbal rest on they chair . int . hall - ( day ) - medium shot rien in he box be glance toward the orchestra . he look down beside he and slowly pick something up from a chair . int . hall - ( day ) - closeup jo stare up and catch she breath . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 127. int . hall - ( day ) - medium shot from she viewpoint we see rien be raise a pair of small black leather opera glass which he put to he eye and study he target . int . hall - ( day ) - closeup jo turn slowly and look up at the dignitary 's box . he be turn to the man beside he , whom we shall later know as the ambassador , and indicate with gesture how much he be enjoy the concert . he look back over he shoulder and give the same gesture and comment to ' Buchanan ' . then , turn forward , he settles back comfortably in he seat to enjoy the music . int . lobby - ( dusk ) - long shot through the door we see a taxi pull away and presently a glass door open and a dishevel Ben come into the lobby . he come up to the camera and look about he . int . lobby - ( dusk ) - medium shot from he viewpoint the lobby appear empty except perhaps for a solitary uniform policeman . int . lobby - ( dusk ) - semi-closeup Ben look the other way and upstairs . int . lobby - ( dusk ) - semi - long shot from he viewpoint the other direction -- just emptiness . int . lobby - ( dusk ) - closeup we see Ben 's bewilderment as to what to do and where to go . we pan he up to the first corridor entrance that lead to the main circular corridor . Ben enter . his face light up . int . corridor - ( dusk ) - semi - long shot from he viewpoint we see through the open the ticket collector and the program girl stand at the open lead down the main aisle . on the right , stand with she back to he , be jo . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 128. int . hall - ( dusk ) - medium shot the camera pan Ben as he hurry forward . he touch jo lightly on the shoulder . she turn , startle , and manage to suppress a exclamation on see he . we do not hear what they be say but by they pantomime we see that jo be tell Ben all about the impending shoot . Ben argue with she . he indicate he will tell Buchanan . she frantically restrain he but he shake she off and dash away . int . lobby - ( dusk ) - semi - long shot we see Ben ascend the stair originally take by the dignitary and he group . int . upstair corridor - ( dusk ) - semi - long shot Ben come into the corridor and look about he . Beyond he we see a group of man obviously detective , and ahead of they a police constable . we see Ben hurry in he direction . int . upstair corridor - ( dusk ) - semi - long shot Ben come up to the constable and be about to pass he when he be stop . we again do not hear the dialogue , but the pantomime show that Ben be try to get to Buchanan . the constable do not quite know what to make of Ben 's dramatic plea . he indicate that he must talk to he superior . Ben wait impatiently as the constable go over to one of the inspector who be stand in a small group a little way off . from he viewpoint we see the constable address the Inspector with skeptical nod of he head in Ben 's direction . int . hall - ( dusk ) - semi-closeup jo , look over she shoulder and then up to the box of the dignitary . she turn desperately towards the direction of the assassin 's box . int . hall - ( dusk ) - semi - long shot another view of the orchestra , but the duration of it on the screen be much quick . int . hall - ( dusk ) - semi - long shot a flash of the violin . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 129. int . hall - ( night ) - medium shot a flash of the cellos . int . hall - ( night ) - medium shot a quick flash of the brass . int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup a timpani section . int . hall - ( night ) - closeup the cymbal still lay on the chair . int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - semi - long shot the Inspector be turn to Ben , the constable on one side . again in pantomime the Inspector question the impatient Ben . he leave Ben and go over to the man stand outside the door to the box . Ben half - turn away with exasperation toward the camera . int . hall - ( night ) - mo . shot the conductor in the foreground . we see a quick shot of the orchestra beyond . int . hall - ( night ) - medium shot the singer . int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup the timpani . int . hall - ( night ) - closeup we see a different angle the cymbal fill the screen . camera pull back quickly and the man who be to wield they unfold he arm and uncross he leg . he lean forward to glance at he score . int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - semi - long shot Ben be still wait for the Inspector to discuss matter with the plainclothesman . he turn and hurry away , the camera panning he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 130 . int . hall - ( night ) - medium shot jo be almost weep with the effect of the sing and the emotional stress she be go through . int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup in the orchestra , the cymbal player now place one hand on the cymbal on the chair . int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup in the box the assassin place he hand for the first time inside he coat towards he holster . the camera pull back to show the woman sit with he , see this gesture , rise and back away into the dark recess of the box . int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - semi - long shot Ben be now quickly listen into the section behind the box , one of which be occupy by the assassin . int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - semi-closeup Ben look along the corridor . int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - semi - long shot from he viewpoint we see row of box . int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - semi-closeup Ben be a little nonpluss . he approach one . int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - medium shot the plainclothesmen and two uniform policeman be now come toward camera look for the depart Ben . int . hall - ( night ) - medium shot back in the orchestra the conductor be wield he baton vigorously . he swing over a sheet of music . int . hall - ( night ) - semi - long shot the choir turn over they music . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 131. int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup the cymbal player turn over he music . he look at the music in front of he and for the first time pick up the cymbal . int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - semi-closeup a closer view of Ben show he try another door cautiously and surreptitiously . he look in and then softly close the door . he move further along and try another door with the same cautious movement . int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup the assassin now have he gun out in the darkness of the rear of the box . int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup the cymbal player watch he music , he cymbal hold . int . hall - ( night ) - closeup from he viewpoint with the cymbal tipping the bottom of the screen , we see all he music . it be blank . the camera swiftly move in to the bottom of the right - hand page show the one note he be to strike . int . hall - ( night ) - medium shot jo become more anxious and desperate . she look up towards the assassin 's box with horror as she see : int . hall - ( night ) - medium shot the assassin 's figure move forward and the tip of the gun for the first time . int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup the conductor look up towards the cymbal player . int . hall - ( night ) - closeup the player raise the cymbal . int . hall - ( night ) - closeup a close view of the poise gun in the assassin 's box . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 132. int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - closeup Ben try one more box door . he again close it and move to one more . int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup the dignitary 's pleased and smile face . int . hall - ( night ) - closeup the gun poise . it fill the screen . int . hall - ( night ) - closeup the cymbal be hold in the foreground and through they we can see the orchestra and the conductor beyond . the conductor look up from he score and point deliberately to the cymbal player . int . hall - ( night ) - closeup the cymbal clash together . int . hall - ( night ) - closeup jo leaping forward with a scream . int . hall - ( night ) - closeup the dignitary be clutching he arm and slumping forward . we gain a impression of that around leaping to they foot . int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup the people around jo , startle as they rise in they seat and turn back to she . int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - semi-closeup Ben dash to a final door and swinging it open find himself face - to- face with the assassin . the latter 's hand go for he holster . he pull out he gun . Ben lunge forward with a blow . int . assassin be BOX - ( night ) - closeup the assassin stagger back and we hear the clatter of the gun as it fall to the floor . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 133. he immediately turn towards the camera look for a mean of escape . he leap to the edge of the box to go over into the next one . he slip . int . assassin be BOX - ( night ) - semi - long shot we see the assassin fall with a crash into the aisle below he as Ben dash forward in the box . int . hall - ( night ) - semi - long shot the soprano singer in the middle of they note quickly change it to a unify scream . int . hall - ( night ) - semi - long shot the music trail off as the orchestra rise to its foot at the startling occurrence . int . hall - ( night ) - semi - long shot the hall be in a uproar . int . hall - ( night ) - medium shot the people around the dignitary in he box be back up to give he air . someone be examine he wound . he see by he movement and a shake of he head that he be not dead . int . hall - ( night ) - semi-closeup jo be still stand look up . int . hall - ( night ) - semi - long shot from she viewpoint she see Ben lean over the box in horror look down at the dead assassin below . the door open and the uniform and plainclothes police dash into the box . int . lobby - ( night ) - long shot there be utter confusion in the lobby , police dash upstairs on either side . int . lobby - ( night ) - semi - long shot we see Ben hurry down the stair . jo rush into the lobby and , see Ben , dash towards he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 134. a few of the people around the lobby begin to look at jo and Ben . we see the Assistant manager hurry over to they . they be in a group of three , and although we do not actually hear what he say , due to the hubbub , he be obviously question Ben and be solicitous to jo . int . lobby - ( night ) - semi-closeup we go close just in time to catch the tail - end of the conversation . Ben be just say : BEN then he do not kill he ? assistant manager you wife save he -- it be only a small flesh wound ... oh here he be now ... you must come and meet he ... do not be nervous ... I will get the aide to present you ... it will be all right ( to woburn ) would you present the lady to the prime minister ? suddenly they attention be draw to something off - screen up the stair . the hubbub increase . int . lobby - ( night ) - semi - long shot from they viewpoint we see the Prime Minister , obviously not wounded sufficiently to incapacitate , be escort down the stair by he aide and other member of the staff , include woburn of the special branch . the Prime Minister be indicate he arm and obviously by the way he wave he hand , be deprecate they concern about he wound . in fact he be rather over - do it . just beyond they at the top of the stair we see ' Buchanan ' stand with the ambassador . int . lobby stair - ( night ) - semi-closeup 'buchanan ' be reassure the ambassador . buchanan I will report to you fully at the embassy , you excellency . in the meantime ... int . lobby - ( night ) - semi-closeup the manager be lead Ben and jo across to the foot of the stair . they be reluctant but he insist . as the camera pan they over they meet the group at the bottom at the stair . the manager call out to Mr. woburn and indicate Ben and jo . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 135. int . lobby stair - ( night ) - closeup woburn be a little non-pluss . he lean over to one of the Prime Minister 's aide . the latter 's face light up . he lean over and whisper something to the Prime Minister . the Prime Minister be all smile . int . lobby - ( night ) - medium shot woburn step down and introduce Ben and jo to the Prime Minister 's aide . woburn Mr. Prime Minister , this be the lady who -- the Prime Minister interrupt enthusiastically . prime minister my dear lady , I shall be for ever in you debt . woburn and this be she husband -- the Prime Minister interrupt again , less enthusiastically . prime minister a pleasure , my dear sir ... ( he turn to jo ) I trust you will permit I to wait upon you tomorrow and to express the depth of my gratitude . jo ( weakly ) it be not -- it be not -- prime minister ( gallantly ) oh but it be , my dear lady . there be a awkward pause . the Prime Minister collect himself and turn to move on out of the hall , the police make a passageway for he through the crowd . we see the ambassador hurry into the picture and move across the screen quickly to follow the Prime Minister . int . lobby - ( night ) - semi-closeup Ben and jo stand for a moment not know what to do or where to go next . woburn stand with Ben and jo . they look up and see Buchanan . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 136. woburn I think Mr. Buchanan would like to talk to you . int . lobby - ( night ) - semi - long shot from they viewpoint a grim ' Buchanan ' be stand at the top of the stair . int . lobby stair - ( night ) - semi-closeup the camera pan Ben and jo up the stair towards ' Buchanan ' . they increase they pace towards he . int . upstair corridor - ( night ) - semi-closeup when they reach he they have only one think in they mind to ask he . jo ( wildly ) where 's we boy ? where 's hank ? buchanan ( quietly ) we can talk if you will come in here . the camera pan the three across the top landing and to the door of the ' Green room ' there be various police stand about and some of special branch man can be see inside the room . ' Buchanan ' step aside too allow jo to enter . then he and Ben follow she in . the door close behind they . int . GREEN room - ( night ) - medium shot the three of they enter the ' Green room ' , generally use by the principal artistes appear at Royal Albert Hall . Buchanan nod to two special branch man who be stand about in case they be need . the room be informal contain arm chair , a sofa and a number of small table . jo sit down wearily into the nearest chair . Ben remain stand , Buchanan take a seat in a chair near a telephone , he look up at Ben as if he expect he to say something . Ben respond to the look . buchanan ( coldly ) so you both know the time and place all along . BEN ( roughly ) do not be a fool . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 137. buchanan a odd coincidence -- both of you turn up here . BEN ( coldly ) too bad you do not contact you assistant . he send we both here . buchanan ( quickly ) I beg you pardon . BEN you see , we finally need that help you offer . we still need it . jo ( urgently ) yes , Mr. Buchanan . we still need it . the door open and another member of the special branch enter . detective Sir ? Buchanan nod to he to speak . detective we have question the woman . Said she buy a ticket that happen to place she in the same box with the man that do the shoot . do not know anything -- but if she do , she 's not talk . buchanan I will see she later . detective very good , sir . the detective exit as Ben sit down dejectedly in a chair . buchanan ( gently ) please tell I everything , now . everything . ( go turn to jo ) there 's still plenty of room for hope , Mrs. mckenna ... int . embassy - ( night ) - mo . shot a high camera show we a large hallway and ornate ballroom . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 138. as yet the room be about quarter fill and various guest of the diplomatic Corps and other be gradually add to the group . the camera dolly down over they until it reach slightly open doorway . peer cautiously through we see the face of drayton . int . embassy - ( night ) - mo . close shot on the other side of the doorway be drayton and he wife . she be pace nervously behind he . a footman come up to they and announce : footman his excellency will see you now . drayton motion to he wife and the camera pan they after the footman across a small hallway . he be the very same footman we see among the group of servant who be herde out of the kitchen . he open a door in front of the drayton -- they enter . int . embassy - ( night ) - mo . close shot stand in front of a fireplace , above which be a oil painting of the Prime Minister , be the ambassador whom we see at the Albert Hall . he be on the telephone . ambassador yes ...yes ... I see . well if the woman will not talk , she will not talk and that 's that , I suppose . all right . int . embassy - ( night ) - mo . close shot Mrs. drayton close the door behind the two as drayton advance towards the ambassador with a easy manner , the camera panning he . drayton ( easily ) Excuse I sir , I have a lot to explain to you -- something very unusual have happen . I must also have the money to pay we french marksman . ambassador ( almost casually ) would not it be superfluous , consider that he 's dead ? drayton and he wife stare mutely at the ambassador . they be staggered at this news . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 139 . ambassador his aim be not quite as good as you lead I to expect . the target merely receive a slight flesh wound in the arm . worse than useless . drayton still stare , petrify , at the ambassador . ambassador then you french friend panicked , and make a fatal crash -- landing on the floor of the Albert Hall . drayton ( bluster weakly ) I do not see how you can hold I responsible . he be most warmly recommend by we people in marrakesh ... the ambassador now begin to get really nasty . ambassador I be glad you be able to treat the matter so lightly . I be hold a reception here this evening . in a few minute , I have to welcome we Prime Minister as my guest of honor -- when I hope and expect that he would be totally unable to attend . that amuse you , no doubt ? drayton ( feebly ) I do not know what to say ... ambassador ( brutally ) no . but I do . you have muddle everything from the start . kidnap that child in marrakesh ... do not you realize that Americans dislike have they child kidnap ? drayton ( try to keep he end up ) how else could I make sure the american would hold he tongue ? ambassador ( ignoring this ) and then , to crown it all , you get cold foot and come run along here to hide -- and bring the child with you : do not you see what you have do to the diplomatic status of this embassy ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 140. drayton ( weakly ) I do not think ... I only think ... ambassador ( staccato ) how be you go to get the child out of here , eh? eh? eh? eh ? drayton ( struggle for self - confidence ) there 's no difficulty about that , surely ? the car -- ambassador ( interrupt ) with plain-clothes detective plant right round this building ? ( wryly ) you English intellectual will be the death of we all . drayton ( desperate ) I will think of some method . just give I time .... ambassador ( he snort contemptuously ) time ! the ambassador pace a moment , suppress he rage , and then he stop and look at drayton as if think about something . ambassador I want the child remove from this embassy , and remove in such a way that he will not be able to say any more where he have be tonight . mrs . drayton oh , no ! the ambassador pause and look up at she in such a manner that she almost shrink . she try to say something , but no word come out of she half - open mouth . drayton , however , answer the ambassador with horrible servility . drayton right , I will see to it .. Lucy drayton look at she husband with loathing . there be a polite tap on the door . the ambassador look up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 141. ambassador come in . the door open and a butler enter . butler you excellency , the princess should be arrive at any moment . the ambassador brace himself , he chest swell out a little , h assume a set smile and stride from the room . just at this moment we hear a string orchestra in the distance strike up some gay waltz music . the ambassador go out of the door . Mrs. drayton be look down at the floor . int . GREEN room - ( night ) - medium shot Ben be talk . Buchanan be listen carefully . BEN ... recognize he , and he recognize I . so he jump for it . and that be all . buchanan ( slowly ) try to liquidate one of they own big-shot . I wish they would stick to they usual custom , and do it in they own country ... at this moment the phone ring . woburn , who be now be - place the two special branch man in the room , pick up the telephone . woburn hello . ( he listen for a moment ) hold on . he turn the telephone over to Buchanan . buchanan ( to phone ) Buchanan speak . Buchanan listen for a while , he face change as he listen with increase interest . buchanan right . bye . Buchanan hang up , turn to woburn , but half speak in the direction of the mckenna 's . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 142. buchanan the drayton be at the embassy . jo how do you know ? buchanan we have way of find out -- from the inside . Ben almost shout as he get up from he chair . BEN if the drayton be at the embassy , hank have to be there too ! Buchanan turn he attention back to ben. buchanan ( grimly ) you be probably right . but we can do nothing . BEN why can not you ? buchanan every embassy in a foreign country have extra-territorial rights . BEN what do that mean in common language ? buchanan as far as we be concerned , this embassy stand on foreign soil . BEN do that mean they can steal child and get away with it ? buchanan we could have the foreign Office serve a writ on the ambassador . he break off and speak apologetically as if it be I parenthesis . buchanan ... you know , I be not responsible for the complication of International Law ... he resume : buchanan ... if only we have positive proof that the boy really be in there . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 143. as they be talk Ben be think hard , obviously hatching some scheme in he mind . BEN what 's the telephone number of this embassy . both of the man look at Ben a moment without answer and then woburn speak first . wonburn grosvenor 0144 . jo what be you think about , Ben ? without answer jo , Ben pick up the ' phone . BEN grosvenor 0144 . Ben look at the group briefly . Buchanan look at Ben with keen curiosity . BEN I be go to speak to the Minister himself . Buchanan look intrigue and surprised . we hear the answer click on the other end of the phone . BEN May I speak to the Prime Minister , please ? there be a pause and the distort sound of a voice mumble on the other end of the phone . Ben interrupt the question . BEN tell he the lady who save he life want to speak to he . its important . the voice on the other end of the phone mumble briefly , and there be silent . Ben have a satisfied look on he face , as he hand the receiver to jo . she seem frighten . jo what be I suppose to say , Ben ? I do not know -- ( she trail off ) Ben , half look at woburn and Buchanan , give she instruction . bfn he say he want to visit we soon so he could thank you . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 144. bfn ( cont 'd ) well , tell he we would like to see he tonight , at the embassy , because we have to leave London tomorrow . int . embassy - ( night ) - close shot in the ambassador 's study underneath the oil painting of himself , the Prime Minister be escort to a telephone by the butler who hand he the instrument . have be tell who be on the other and of the line he be all smile as he greet jo . prime minister my dear lady ... this be a charming surprise ... he listen to the other end of the phone , agreeably make sound such as " ah ha " " ah " " hum " , then he speak , with a gracious sweep of he hand and a half bow to the telephone . prime minister delighted , delighted , delighted . the ambassador , too , will be delighted . any friend of mine be friend of he . we will drink a little toast to you country and to mine . peacefully we will co-exist ... yes ? he look up to admire the painting of himself on the wall . int . GREEN room - ( night ) - medium close shot jo hang up the phone , a little surprised and still considerably nervous . jo ( to Ben ) he say -- all right . lap dissolve to : ext . embassy - ( night ) - medium long shot a taxi pull up in the front of the large , old - fashioned embassy . the window be brightly light , evidence of a social occasion . Ben and jo get out of the taxi . ext . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot Ben pay the driver , take jo 's arm , and they start up the step of the embassy . the camera pan they . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 145. ext . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot Ben press the doorbell . his grip on jo 's 's arm slide down to she hand . he hold it tightly . the door open , and a livery man usher they in with gesture . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot they enter a large hallway . the livery man close the door . stand in a nearby doorway be a group of people listen to the music of a string quartet play in the room beyond . include in the group be the personal aide of the Prime Minister . he see jo and Ben enter , hurry over to they , smile and eager . the piece that the string quartet be play end amid a round of polite applause . there be people rise from they chair and a general movement out into the hallway . aide good even . would you come this way , please ? the Prime Minister be wait for you . follow the aide , Ben and jo squeeze through the crowded doorway . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot the aide lead Ben and jo through the main room , the camera dolly they . as they move through the room people begin to notice they , first of all because they be not dress for the occasion -- but then the look seem to be admire one , and there be a smatter of applause at they passage . apparently people recognize they . the aide take they to the Prime Minister , who be just get up from he seat of honor in the first row . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot the Prime Minister recognize they immediately , and come forward quickly to meet they . prime minister ( effusively ) good evening , good evening ! the ambassador be behind the Prime Minister , and the Prime Minister turn to he with enthusiasm . prime minister this be the charming lady who save my life at the concert ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 146. the ambassador come forward quickly , all smile . ambassador ( suavely ) Madame , you save the life of the one man , who be irreplaceable in we country . prime minister ( suddenly to jo ) they tell I you be the famous jo conway , Madame ? jo yes . I be jo conway . prime minister ( to Ben ) do you think perhaps Madame might be persuade to sing ? BEN ( interrupt ) I be sure she would be glad to ... would not you dear ? jo well , I do not know . it 's be some time ... prime minister I beg you , Madame . a tranquil coda to conclude a dramatic evening ! jo all right . I be very flatter . ambassador ( to butler ) stanis would you put up some chair quickly . ( to guest ) lady and gentleman , we have with we tonight ... jo conway ... the famous jo conway ... she have graciously consent to sing for we .. ( to he wife ) darling would you see that the Prime Minister have a very good seat . they move off to seat -- jo be lead to piano by ambassador . aide cross to ben. aide would you like to sit down , sir ? BEN no ... I will just stand over here . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 147. int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot discreetly , Ben move away from the group , and over toward a side wall , the camera panning he . all eye be on jo . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot jo adjust herself at the piano . her face seem serious . she look up briefly with she eye to check where Ben be . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot the people in the hallway , realize there be to be more entertainment , move toward the main room . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot a try out the key of the piano . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot people be find they seat . there be cough , shuffle of foot , and then a gradual hush . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot Ben watch jo , and at the same time seem to be look ing around the room , particularly toward the various exit . int . embassy - ( night ) - close shot have strumm a few note , jo settles down and play the introduction to she song . we see the great tenseness on she face , interpose with professional smile , which she bestow on that nearest she , but always the tenseness return . as she sing , she voice seem to be rather overpower . it fill the whole room with quite a volume . it almost seem out of place that she have become so professional in such a intimate draw room set . int . embassy - ( night ) - full shot everyone in the ballroom be listen intently , and with surprise , at she sing . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 148. int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot the hallway , show people crowded at the door , listen . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot the first landing on the flight of stair above the hallway . no one be around . jo 's voice lose some of its volume . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot a higher stairway landing . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot a second floor corridor , desert . jo 's voice fade . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot a door at the end of the corridor . we now hear the song float up clearly , but much diminish . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot in a room on the other side of the door , hank mckenna be listen to the music . hank seem a little puzzle . then , he face light up and he jump suddenly to he foot . he run towards the door and begin try to open it . hank that 's my mother 's voice ! that 's my mother sing ! Mrs. drayton be quite startle by hank 's performance . mrs . drayton hank -- be you sure ? be you really sure ? int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot hank turn around at the doorway , to look at Mrs. drayton . hank that 's she ! I know it ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 149 . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot Mrs drayton 's face , still awed by what she have hear . mrs . drayton what be she do here ? int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot hank , a little mystify , have no answer . he walk slowly back into the room , towards Mrs. drayton , listen and think about what he hear . int . embassy - ( night ) - close shot Mrs. drayton 's face show a new and dangerous think come into it . she look down at hank . mrs . drayton hank ? -- can you whistle that song ? int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot he look at she and nod abstractedly . hank I guess so . she kneel down quickly to he . mrs drayton then go on -- whistle it . whistle it as loud as you can . on hank 's face come a little understanding . he can barely believe what she mean . then he understand . he turn , and deliberately face the door , start to whistle the song . he whistle loud and vigorously . Mrs. drayton stand up and move back to a chair , as she watch he . int . embassy - ( night ) - close shot down in the ballroom , jo be look up anxiously as she sing . she deliberately break and pause for a moment and soften she accompaniment . then she hear it -- a faint whistle come from above , not enough for that around to appreciate it , but loud enough for the strain ear of jo . she look across the ballroom to find Ben , and she eye go up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 150. int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot watch she , Ben understand . he give she the slight sign of agreement . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot jo continue she song with almost excitement in she sing voice . the camera pass around she as it follow Ben as he walk along the wall slowly . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot Ben make he way along the wall toward the far doorway , which lead to the grand staircase everyone be so intent on listen to jo , that he movement attract no attention . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot at the bottom of the service stair in the back of the embassy , drayton be stand with two man who come with he in the car . one of they hold a short length of rope in he hand . drayton you two wait in the mail room . I will bring he down . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot Ben mount two stair lead up to the grand staircase . he look about he cautiously . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot at the service stair , drayton go up two stair and turn back to the man . he look at he watch . drayton I will not be a minute . he start to move up one step . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot up in the room , hank be bent in a chair , sobbing , Mrs. drayton be kneel by he , try to reassure he . she stop suddenly as she hear footstep in the distance . she rise to she foot , and as the footstep grow and grow , she look at the boy desperately , she go to the door , hear the step come nearer and nearer . she look across at the window . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 151. int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot the bar window . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot she look down at hank almost protectively , as the footstep get still nearer . she go to hank , kneel down again and clutches the boy to she as the footstep stop outside the door . she look at the door , with horror . int . embassy - ( night ) - close shot the door handle turn quietly , but firmly . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot Mrs. drayton let out a pierce scream . hank 's head jerk up . the door be hear burst open . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot Ban stand in the doorway . he instantly rush toward hank , the camera panning he . hank leap to he foot , and the two of they come together . no clear word be speak , just muffle sound of word as they hug each other . then they release each other , and turn to look at Mrs. drayton . she be stand , stare at the door with horror . Ben turn quickly to look . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot frame in the doorway be drayton . deftly he reach into he pocket and produce a small automatic . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot for a moment the group stand there in silence . then Ben speak . BEN I do not think you want to start any shoot , drayton -- with all that people downstairs , and police outside . drayton look at he without say anything , but the gun do not lower . Mrs. drayton address she husband fiercely . mrs . drayton you have get to let the boy go ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 152. drayton precisely my own notion , my dear . he move forward on the group , gun poise . hank clutches he father in fright , and Ben tense himself , prepare for battle if necessary . Mrs. drayton stare at she husband with some defiance . drayton address Ben amiably . drayton I be sure you will ba sensible , and help I out of here ? BEN do not ask I for help , you miserable .... int . embassy - ( night ) - close shot drayton seem unperturb by Ben 's refusal . he lean down closer to the boy , and address he directly . drayton you would not want you father to get hurt , would you ? hank look up towards he father . drayton look up . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot drayton 's intention be unmistakable . Ben look down at he with a hatred that be almost ready to explode , but he have sense enough to understand drayton 's meaning . drayton straighten up , a slight smile on he face . he slip the gun into he pocket , but still hold it . drayton we will go down the stair together in a casual sort of way . then we will stroll along to the nearest taxi rank . I trust there will not be any emotional outburst ... BEN ( interrupt ) there will not be . hank -- do not say or do anything . hank just nod . he 's too frighten to talk . drayton shall we go ? Ben start for the door with hank , and drayton move into the other side of hank . as they go through the door , Mrs. drayton make a instinctive step forward , if to attack drayton from the rear , but the sight of hank in danger stop she . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 153. int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot the trio , hank in the center , slowly stroll down the corridor toward the main stairway . the sound of jo conway 's voice can be hear from below . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot shoot from below we see the big staircase empty for a moment , then the three appear at the top . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot a closer view show the terrify , tear-stain face of hank , and the tense feature of Ben . drayton seem carefully alert . the camera move downward in front of they as they descend . the music come from the ballroom cease , as jo finish she second song . there be the sound of great applause . the three be about a dozen step from the bottom , when suddenly Ben shoot out a hard and push drayton forward . taken by surprise , he stumble , and fall down the stair clumsily . clutch for support with he hand , the gun go off in he pocket , and he remain in a crumpled heap at the bottom of the stair . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot the applause have die out , the shot be hear loud , and people pour out of the ballroom into the hallway . they rush for the stairway , and drayton 's body , lead by the ambassador and the Prime Minister . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot as people crowd excitedly around the body , Ben be hurry hank away from the scene , the camera pan they . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium shot Mrs. drayton stop half - way down the stairway , and look down in shook at the sight of she dead husband . int . embassy - ( night ) - medium close shot Inside the ballroom , which be empty due to the rush of people to the corridor , jo have rise from the piano and be almost afraid to go out and see what have happen . in a moment , Ben and the boy appear in the doorway . hank rush across the ballroom to he mother , who move quickly when she see he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 154. hank mummy . jo hank . they embrace . quick lap dissolve to : int . claridge's suite - ( night ) - medium shot Inside the mckenna 's hotel room , the parnell and the two woman guest be sprawle out in ungainly attitude of sleep . Val be snore pleasantly . the door of the room open and the three mckennas appear . the sound awake Val . he peer at they sleepily and struggle to a sit position . Ben close the door . BEN I be sorry we be go so long , Val , but we have to go and pick up hank . Ben 's voice awaken the other woman . they sit up , and stare with bewilderment at the smile trio of Ben , jo and hank . fade out the end