the sixth sense by M. night shyamalan for educational purpose only convert to pdf by screentalk '' Online http : //www.screentalk.org int . basement - evening a naked lightbulb SPARKS to life . it dangle from the ceiling of a basement . light , quick footstep as anna crowe move down the stair . Anna be the rare combination of beauty and innocence . she stand in the chilly basement in a elegant summer dress that outline she slender body . her gentle eye move across the empty room and come to rest on a rack of wine bottle cover one entire wall . she walk to the bottle . her fingertip slide over the label . she stop when she find just the right one . a tiny smile as she slide it out . Anna turn to leave . stop . she stare at the shadowy basement . it 's a unsettle place . she stand very still and watch she breath form a tiny cloud in the cold AIR . she 's visibly uncomfortable . Anna crowe move for the staircase in a hurry . each step faster than the next . she climb out of the basement in another burst of light , quick footstep . we hear her hit the light switch . the lightbulb die . dripping black devour the room . CUT to : int . dine room - evening two place setting be arrange on the live room coffee table . take -out chinese food sit half eat on good china . a empty bottle of red wine sit between box of chinese food . Anna arrive with the backup bottle and be now wear a sweater . she hand a collegiate row team sweatshirt to malcolm . anna it 's get cold . malcolm crowe sit on the floor at the coffee table , he vest and tie on the sofa behind he . a jacket and a overcoat lay on a briefcase next to he . malcolm be in he thirty with thick , wavy hair and strike , intelligent eye that squint from year of intense study . his charming , easy - go smile spread across he face . he point . malcolm that 's one fine frame . a fine frame it be . malcolm point to the huge framed certificate propped up on a dining room chair . it 's print on age parchment - type paper . the frame be a polished mahogany . he slip on the sweatshirt . malcolm how much do a fine frame like that cost , you think ? Anna hand the backup bottle over to malcolm . anna ( smile ) I have never tell you ... but you sound a little like Dr. seuss when you be drunk . malcolm uncork the wine and start pour in the empty glass . malcolm Anna , I be serious . serious I be , Anna . Anna giggle . she 's clearly buzze herself . malcolm do not get it . Anna take a few calming sip of she wine . her attention slowly move to the frame certificate . anna mahogany . I would say that cost at least a couple hundred . maybe three . malcolm Three ? we should hock it . buy a C.D. rack for the bedroom . anna do you know how important this be ? this be big time . ( beat ) I be go to read it for you , doctor . malcolm do I really sound like Dr. seuss ? Anna ignore malcolm and clear she throat . she lean forward she seat and read the certificate out loud as malcolm try to tickle she . anna in recognition for he outstanding achievement in the field of child psychology , he dedication to he work , and he continue effort to improve the quality of life for countless child and they family , the City of Philadelphia proudly bestow upon its son Dr. malcolm crowe ... that 's you ... the Mayor 's Citation for professional excellence . beat . the power of the word sober the two of they . anna wow . they call you they son . malcolm we can keep it in the bathroom . Anna turn to malcolm . he smile . malcolm it 's not real , Anna . some secretary write that up . do not tell I you think it be real ? Anna 's expression become serious . malcolm what ? she just keep stare . beat . malcolm do not do the quiet thing . you know I hate it . beat . anna this be a important night for we . finally someone be recognize the sacrifice you make . that you have put everything second , include I , for that family they be talk about . malcolm play softly with she face . Anna take he hand and hold they steady . anna they be also say that my husband have a gift . anna not a ordinary gift that allow he to hit a ball over a fence . ora gift that let he produce beautiful image on a canvas ... you gift teach child how to be strong in situation where most adult would piss on themselves . ( beat ) yes , I believe what they write about you . Anna let go of he hand . Anna 's eye be emotional . malcolm smile softly . malcolm thank you . Anna lean towards he . they hold each other tight . beat . malcolm what be we hugging about again ? Anna laugh as she wipe she eye . anna nothing . there be not suppose to be any cry at this celebration . just a lot of drink and sex . malcolm 's charming , easy - go smile return . malcolm I would like some red wine in a glass . Anna hand he he glass . he stare at it . malcolm I would not like it in a mug . I would not like it in a jug . malcolm look at Anna surprised at what he say . they crack up laugh . there sweet laughter fill the house . CUT to : int . bedroom - night two giggling shadow appear in the bedroom doorway . they try to turn on the light . it do not come on . malcolm bulb 's out . Anna giggle some more as malcolm 's shadow stumble across the bedroom . malcolm turn on the bathroom light . a shaft of light fall on Anna as she stand in the corner of the room . Anna smile playfully and pull off she sweater . she sway to a pretend striptease song . malcolm can not hold back he grin . he join in -- slowly peel off the sweat-shirt . he look back to Anna . she 's stop she playful dance . she 's face away from he . he walk towards she . he grin quietly disappear . malcolm 's face turn to rock as he attention be draw to the shatter window in they bedroom . the wind move through the room . a lamp lay break on the ground by the window . malcolm kneel down . beat . Anna 's eye fill with a quiet awareness . anna he 's still in the house . a shadow from the bathroom flat over both of they . anna scream . malcolm spin around . his heart stop . malcolm and Anna stare at the bathroom doorwary . they know someone be inside . beat . malcolm slowly start towards the door . the first thing that come into view be the clothes on the bathroom floor . then the figure of a man come into view . a stranger stand bare chest in the back of the bathroom . no one make a SOUND . the stranger be about nineteen . drugged out . pitch black eye bulg . his body be cover in scar and bruise . his hand be fold in front of he . he shake ever so slightly . he have a patch of white in he hair . malcolm speak in a very calm voice . never take he eye off the stranger . malcolm Anna , do not move . do not say a word . Anna barely nod she understanding . malcolm ( to the stranger ) this be forty - seven Locust Street . you have break a window and enter a private residence . do you understand what I be say ? the stranger slowly look up for the first time . his eye lock on malcolm . stranger you do not know so many thing . beat . malcolm there be no needle or prescription drug of any kind in this house . the stranger suddenly come forward into the doorway . malcolm stumble back onto the edge of the bed . Anna see the stranger for the first time . her face drain of color . the stranger look at malcolm . he half grin . stranger be you drunk ? the stranger 's stare slide to Anna . stranger do you get he drunk ? the stranger gaze at Anna . gaze directly into she eye . a penetrate , unwaver stare . stranger do you know why you be scared when you be alone ? Anna 's expression instanly change . stranger I know . beat . the room goe silent . malcolm what do you want ? I do not understand what you want . the stranger turn and glare at malcolm . stranger what you promise . malcolm stop all movement . anna -- my God . malcolm -- do I know you ? stranger let 's all celebrate , Dr. malcolm crowe . recipient of award from the Mayor on the news . Dr. malcolm crowe , he 's help so many child ... and he do not even remember my name ? malcolm can not speak . beat . the stranger 's face start to tremble . stranger I be ten when you work with I . beat . malcolm 's intelligent eye race for answer . stranger downtown clinic ? single parent family ? ( beat ) I have a possible mood disorder ... ( beat ) I have no friend ... you say I be socially isolate . ( beat ) I be afraid -- you call it acute anxiety ... ( beat ) you be wrong . ( beat ) come on , clear you head ... male , nine ... single parent ... mood discorder ... acute anxiety . malcolm look like someone hit he with a sledgehammer . stranger I be nineteen . I have drug in my system twenty - four hour a day ... I still have no friend . I still have no peace . I be still afraid . tear jump into the stranger 's eye . stranger ... I be still afraid . malcolm stand . malcolm please give I a second to think . malcolm 's shaking hand touch he mouth as he stare at the stranger . beat . malcolm bed freidken ? stranger some people call I freak . malcolm ... Ronald ... Ronald sumner ? tear fall down the stranger 's face . stranger I be a freak . malcolm look up at the sound of that word . something click in he head . malcolm -- Vincent ? the room goe silent again . malcolm Vincent Gray ? vincent gray stare with surprise through he tear . malcolm let out a deep breath like he just emerge from deep water . malcolm I do remember you , Vincent . you be a good kid . very smart ... quiet ... compassionate ... unusually compassionate ... Vincent 's eye burn at malcolm . vincent you forget curse . vincent be fully cry now . vincent you fail I . malcolm ( whisper ) Vincent ... I be sorry I do not help you ... I can try to help you now . Vincent turn to the sink . his hand go in . he turn arund and raise a gun at malcolm . he fire . a violent , ear - shatter echo . malcolm clutches he stomach and fold like a rag doll onto the bed . Vincent instantly move the gun to he own head . another horrific blast spike the AIR . Vincent crumple onto the bathroom floor . anna's chilling scream fill there home . dissolve to : ext . bench - afternoon the legend , " two year later " appear . a man flip open a wear file folder on he lap . handwritten note fill every line . at the top of the first page read , " Vincent Gray , age 10 , referred January 19 , 1989 . " the man 's hand touch the name almost reverently . he glance through the page . word and phrase be circle throughout the file . " , , . acute anxiety " " . , . socially isolate " " , , . possible mood disorder " " , , . parent status -- divorce " " . , . communication difficulty between mother - child dyad " the man 's hand flip the page . at the top of this new page read , " Cole sear , age 8 , referred September 1998 . " as the man 's finger move through the note we again see word and phrase circle throughout this new case history . " , , . acute anxiety " " . , . socially isolate " " , , . possible mood disorder " " , , . parent status -- divorce " " . , . communication difficulty between mother - child dyad " the hand close the notepad . the hand be slightly shaking now . 10 . we pull back to reveal the shaking hand belong to Dr. malcolm crowe . malcolm sit on a sidewalk bench face a row of brownstone home across the street . he gaze blankly at the brownstone . beat . a door open . malcolm be bring out of he trance . cole sear step out he front door . Cole be a munchkin of a boy with large , black eye that seem to take in everything around he . his hair be dark , with a small patch of jet white on the side . Cole carefully lock the door behind he . he move to the bottom of the stair and look around nervously . anxiously . the eight - year- old child reach into he pocket and slip on a pair of very large glass . they look comical on he . malcolm rise to he foot . he smooth out he shirt . look down and button he jacket . when he look up , Cole be go . malcolm barely catch a glimpse of the boy . Cole run at full speed down the street and turn the corner . tiny sneaker screeching on the sidewalk . for a second , malcolm do not react . the second pass . he stuff the file in he bag and start run too . CUT to : ext . STREET - day malcolm haul down the sidewalk . he come to a hard stop at a street intersection . search . spot Cole run into a parking lot . cole sprint across the empty lot and reach the door of a building . he have to use all he strength to push open the highly ornate door . he slip inside . malcolm jog into the parking area . his pace slow to a walk and then to stillness as he gaze up at the building . its old stone and huge tower make it stand out from the modern building all around it . malcolm stare up at the historic Philadelphia church quietly . a shoot pain pierce he side . malcolm 's hand go to it quickly . 11 . he wait for it to pass before start for the ornate door . CUT to : int . church - day only a few people sit and pray in the sea of oak pews . malcolm scan the majestic room and find what he 's look for in the last row of the church . he move down the center aisle towards the back . malcolm find Cole play in he pew with a set of green and beige plastic soldier . Cole make the soldier talk to each other . cole ( soft ) pro ... fun ... add ... the word be unintelligible . Cole sense someone . he look up and see malcolm stare at he . the boy immediately go white . every cell of he body still with fear . malcolm it 's okay , Cole . do not be frighten . Cole stay rigid . hand clutching a handful of plastic riflemen . malcolm my name be Dr. malcolm crowe . I be suppose to meet you today . sorry I miss we appointment . malcolm wait for a response . none come . malcolm do you mind if I sit down ? I have this injury from a couple of year ago and it flare up every once in a while just so I will not forget it . beat . Cole slowly slide down the pew , give malcolm most of the seat . malcolm sit . Cole fidget with he soldier . beat . malcolm look over and stare at Cole 's glass . he lean forward to inspect they more carefully . malcolm you eye frame . 12 . malcolm they do not seem to have any lense in they . cole ( soft ) they be my dad 's . the lense hurt my eye . malcolm I know there be a sound explanation . malcolm return to stare at he lap . beat . malcolm what be that you be say before with you soldier ? Day pro fun . cole ... De profundis clamo ad the domine . malcolm stare surprised . cole it 's call Latin . it 's a language . malcolm nod at the information . malcolm all you soldi co er speak Latin ? le no , just one . malcolm smile at Cole . his eye drift down to Cole 's arm . malcolm 's smile slowly disappear . Cole 's arm be cover in tiny cut and bruise . some almost heal . some fresh . malcolm look around to gather himself . beat. malcolm I like church , too . ( beat ) in olden time , in Europe , people use to hide in church . Claim sanctuary . Cole look up . cole what be they hide from ? 13. malcolm oh , lot of thing , I suppose . bad people for one . people who want to imprison they . hurt they . cole nothing bad can happen in a church , right ? malcolm study Cole 's a ma '' right . malcolm and Cole just st co I forget you ma Dr. crowe . col you be a docto ma I work with yo be sad or upse I try to help out . beat . co be you a good malcolm smile . ma I get a award co congratulation ma thank you . it nxious face . lcolm be at each other . le name . lcolm E be . what kind ? lcolm ung people who might t or just want to talk . they figure thing le doctor ? lcolm once . from the Mayor . le ss. lcolm be a long time ago . I have kind of be retire for a while . ( beat ) you be my very co first client back . le you use needle ? ma '' no . lcolm co ! 14 . le not even little one that be not suppose to hu mai no . co that 's good . Cole pocket he soldier co I be go to see you again , ma\ rt ? lcolm le 's and rise from he pew . le right ? lcolm if it 's okay with you ? Cole think it over carefully . co it 's okay with le I . Cole and malcolm just stare at each other . malcolm and Cole , next time I will not be late for you . cole next time I will not be scared of you . Cole turn and start to the rear of the church . malcolm lose himself in he thought . when malcolm look back , he see Cole stop by the exit door and take a tiny statue of jesus off the back table . Cole pocket the statue and quietly leave the church . malcolm just sit and stare . CUT to : int . malcolm' home - evening the house be dimly light . malcolm have to turn on the hallway light . malcolm it 's I . 15 . he stop before a pile of mail collect on a thin table . he stare at it blankly . almost every envelope have " over due " or " final notice " stamp on it . CUT to : int . dine table - evening malcolm stare down at the remain of a meal on the only place set on the table . CUT to : int . bedroom - evening malcolm quietly walk into he bedroom . only a reading light be on . the soft light fall on anna as she sleep . malcolm move to she side . the sight of she stop he . he stare at he wife ... she huddle under a blanket , a wad of tissue in she hand . he take it in silently . his eye move to she face ... one wisp of hair fall over she soft lip . outlined in the soft reading light , Anna crowe truly look like a angel . malcolm form a tiny smile . CUT to : int . hall - night malcolm turn and move for a narrow door in the hallway . the door knob . he try to open it . it's locked . malcolm reach into he pocket . search for he key . CUT to : int . basement - night the empty basement be no longer empty . it 's pile with file cabinet and box of psychology and medical book . a desk sit in the corner next to the wine rack . the room still feel unsettle . malcolm hunch over one of the book . rifles through a stack of dusty book . pull out a thick text . the spine of the text read , " the meridian Latin dictionary . " 16 . malcolm sit back at he desk and open Cole 's file . handwritten on the first page be the word , " De profundis calm ad the , domine " malcolm start work through the Latin text . as he come to each word , he jot it down underneath the Latin . malcolm translate the last word . he stare quietly at the paper . the new word read ... " out of the depth , I cry to you Lord . " beat. malcolm ( whisper ) ... the mass for the dead . the word seem to hang in the air forever . CUT to : ext . philadelphia - dawn Old Philadelphia awaken ... for a moment , it 's like we be back in time . a golden sun dance on the water of penn landing . historical old ship sit dock in its harbor ... the dark bronze surface of the Liberty Bell reflect the dawn ... a majestic Independence Hall stand watch as its city begin to stir ... a thirty foot statue of Ben Franklin make a proud silhouette against the morning sky ... and then 1997 come crashing in . fluorescent house light come on in window ... jeeps and hatchbacks start roam the cobblestone street ... neon restaurant sign flicker to life ... traffic helicopter make they round ... car alarm pierce the AIR . CUT to : int . laundry room - morning a hand turn off a radio , shutting off the morning news . a small dog with two different color eye stick he head out of the dryer , where he play with the newly -dry clothes . lynn sear reach in and pull out a blouse . 17 . she shake it in the air and slip it on as she dress hurriedly for work . Lynn be a woman in she late twenty . one hundred percent South Philly . Hair tease . she chew on a early morning piece of trident . under all of it , Lynn sear be a attractive and sweet - look young woman . Lynn enter the kitchen through a swinging door . a bowl of cereal and milk sit on a table in a empty kitchen . Lynn stare at a handful of kitchen cabinet and drawer that be open . Lynn shake she head . lynn Cole . she close they one at a time before move to the coffee machine . Lynn shiver a little . she lean over the thermostat and raise the heat . she return to she post at the coffee machine . tiny footstep . Lynn turn to see Cole stand in he private school uniform . lynn you cocoa puff be get soggy . Lynn walk over to Cole . check he tie . lynn you get a spot . Lynn unclip the tie . Cole take a seat at the kitchen table as Lynn walk back into the laundry room . the dog be go now . Lynn reach into the dryer , digging for a new tie . she find one , then turn and step back into the kitchen and scream at the top of her lung . every cabinet and every drawer be wide open . Cole sit at the kitchen table . his hand be press flat on the tabletop . he look shake . neither say anything for a beat . 18 . lynn ( shake ) something you be look for , baby ? beat. cole ( shake ) pop tart . Lynn look over to the open cabinet near the sink . the pop tart be clearly visible . lynn they be right here . cole oh . Cole get up from the table . take he pop tart . do not make eye contact . cole what be you think , momma ? lynn lot of thing . cole anything bad about I ? Lynn lean down . lynn look at my face . Cole do . lynn I be not think anything bad about you , get it ? he look at she eye . beat . cole get it . the door bell ring . cole ( soft ) that 's Tommy , momma . Cole quietly kiss he mother on the cheek and start out . 19 . lynn do not you want this ? Cole turn to see Lynn hold the pop tart . he walk back and take they from she before leave . beat . Lynn glance to the kitchen table . her gaze stop on the two tiny hand print of sweat form on the table 's surface . Lynn stand motionless in the kitchen . she look up and wrap she arm around she shiver shoulder . CUT to : ext . brownstone STREET - morning tommy tammisimo be a tough -look , eight - year - old italian kid who wait at the bottom of Cole 's brownstone stair in he school uniform . Cole emerge from the brownstone and move down the step . Lynn 's face appear in the kitchen window . the two boy begin they walk down the street to school . Tommy put he arm around Cole . Lynn wave . Cole wave back . when the two boy turn the corner and be out of Lynn 's sight , Tommy rip he arm away . tommy hey freak , how would you like the " arm around you shoulder " bit . I just make it up . go with it . that 's what great actor do . it 's call improv . Tommy start to run ahead , he turn and back pedal . tommy ( taunting ) be careful ... I hope no one jump out and get you . Tommy run away . beat . Cole look around nervously . CUT to : ext . ST . anthony' academy - morning the last uniform boy and girl rush into the front door of St. Anthony 's Academy as the final bell sound . 20 . Cole be the last one to go in . he stand alone on the sidewalk . he look like he would rather be anywhere but there . beat . he bury he hand in he pocket and begin a quiet walk by himself into the school . dissolve to : int . cole's home - afternoon the front door creak open as Cole walk in after school . he look around before close the door . his eye stop on Lynn seat in the open doorway of the de . malcolm be seat with she . they both look up . Lynn come out . she reach Cole -- kneel down in front of he . lynn ( whisper ) how be school , baby ? Cole shrug . lynn ( whisper ) you know , you can tell I thing if you need to . Cole do not respond . beat . lynn ( whisper ) well , you know what I do today ? Cole shake he head " no . " lynn ( whisper ) I win the Pennsylvania lottery in the morning . I quit my job . ate a big picnic in the park with lot of chocolate mouse pie and then swim in the fountain all afternoon ... ( smile ) what do you do ? Cole start to smile too . he think . cole ( whisper ) I be pick first for kickball team at recess . 21 . cole I hit a grand slam to win the game and everyone lift I up on they shoulder and carry I around cheer . Cole and Lynn smile at each other . beat . Lynn try to hide the utter sadness behind she smile . lynn I will make triangle pancake . you get a hour . Lynn take Cole 's school bag and jacket before move to the kitchen . CUT to : int . den - afternoon the de double as a playroom . box of old toy sit in the regen a small , plastic , multi-color table sit on the Cole appear in the doorway . malcolm sit up and smile . he point to the chair on the other side of the coffee table . malcolm you want to sit ? Cole nod very softly , " no . " malcolm do not feel like talk right now ? Cole nod again very softly , " no . " malcolm how about we play a game first ? Cole look a little more interested . malcolm it 's a mind-read game ... do I mention I could read mind ? Cole nod , " no . " malcolm here 's the game . I will read you mind . if what I say be right , you take a stop forward the chair . 22 . malcolm if I be wrong , you take a step backwards the doorway . if you reach the chair , you sit . if you reach the door , you can go . deal ? Cole tilt he head , then nod , " yes . " malcolm press he finger to he temple like a vaudeville magician . he close he eye tight . malcolm just after you mom and dad be divorced , you mom go to a doctor like I and it do not help she . and so you think I be not go to help you . beat . Cole , surprised , take a small step forward . malcolm you be worried because she say she tell he thing . thing she could not tell anybody else . ( beat ) secret . Cole take a step . malcolm open he eye . he look right at Cole . malcolm you have a secret . but you do not want to tell I . beat . Cole take another step . the next step will put he at the chair . malcolm lower he finger from he temple . malcolm ( whisper ) you do not have to tell I you secret if you do not want to . malcolm smile . returns he finger to the mind-read position . malcolm look to Cole 's arm . Cole be wear a large silver watch . it swim on he thin wrist . it could probably slide up to he shoulder . malcolm close he eye . malcolm you father give you that watch as a present before he leave . Cole take a step back . beat . malcolm lower he hand surprised . 23. cole he forget it in a drawer . it do not work . beat . malcolm put he finger to he temple . this time a little bit slower . he gaze at Cole 's school uniform . malcolm you do not like to say much at school . you be a excellent student however . you have never be in any kind of serious trouble . beat . Cole take a slow step back . beat . cole we be suppose to draw a picture . anything we want ... I draw a man . he get hurt in the neck by another man with a screwdriver . a uncomfortable silence overtake the den . malcolm you see that on t.v. , Cole ? Cole answer by take a small step back . beat . cole everybody get upset . they have a meeting . momma start cry . ( beat ) I do not draw like that anymore . malcolm how do you draw now ? cole I draw people with smile , dog run , and rainbow . ( beat ) they do not have meeting about rainbow . malcolm ( soft ) I guess they do not . malcolm look down at Cole 's foot . they be almost at the doorway . one more step and he 's there . Cole be very still . he do not move at all . cole ( whisper ) what be I think now ? 24 . malcolm take he time before speak . he just stare . no finger to the temple . no game . he just stare . beat . malcolm you be think ... ( beat ) I do not know what you be think , Cole . Cole quietly take a step back into the doorway of the other room . cole ( whisper ) I be think ... you be nice . ( beat ) but you can not help I . Cole 's tiny figure step away . malcolm stare helplessly at the empty doorway where he client use to stand . the den be suffocated with silence . CUT to : int . restaurant - evening malcolm hurriedly enter a spacious , dimly - light italian restaurant . he stop in the dining room and search the many candle - light table . he find Anna . Anna sit alone at a corner table . the remain of she half - eat dinner lay on the only place set on the table . a small piece of cake with a candle in it sit untouched . Anna stir sugar in she coffee as malcolm sit in the seat across from she . she gently stop stir , but do not look up . beat . malcolm I think you mean the other italian restaurant I ask you to marry I in . Anna be not laugh . not even close . malcolm I be so sorry . ( beat ) I can not seem to keep track of time . Anna quietly take a sip from she coffee . malcolm it do not go well today . 25 . malcolm spend some time after try to get my head together . Anna look around for the waiter . malcolm they be so similar , Anna . they have the same mannerism . the same expression . the same thing hang over they . ( beat ) it might be some kind of abuse . that make Anna turn back . she glance across the table , then look down . malcolm there be cut on Cole 's arm . fingernail mark , I think . look like defensive cut . malcolm demonstrate by hold up he arm to shield he face . malcolm ( beat ) possibly a teacher , neighbor . ( beat ) I do not think it 's the mother . just a gut thing . the way she deal with he . it do not fit . ( beat ) hard to say this early . could just be a child climb a lot of tree . malcolm lose himself in he thought . the waiter drop off the check on the table . Anna grab it before malcolm and quickly sign it . malcolm I know I have be kind of out of it for a long while and you resent it . you do . I know you be mad . I know it 's put some distance between we . beat . malcolm but I be get a second chance here . I can not let it slip away . Anna wait till he 's do and rise from the table . she push she chair in hard and walk away without a word . 26 . malcolm sit alone and stare at the piece of cake with a candle on it . malcolm ( soft ) ... happy anniversary . CUT to : ext . front step - afternoon Cole be seat on the front stoop of he brownstone . on the step and on the landing be he plastic soldier in the grip of a war . malcolm sit with he bag and overcoat on the step next to he . malcolm just observe quietly . beat . Cole glance up as he play . see malcolm 's expression . cole you want to ask I a question ? malcolm see , this be why I lose at poker . yes , I do have a question . on the step be two row of soldier face each other . to one side be a couple soldier cover by a tissue . malcolm point to they . malcolm what happen to that two ? be under tissue paper can not be a good thing . Cole remove the tissue . cole that 's private Jenkins and private kinney . they get kill . private Jenkins have a baby girl that be bear seven pound , six ounce . he 's never see she . he want to get back to Blue Bell , Pennsylvania and hold she ... Cole point to the other soldier . cole private kinney 's wife be really sick -- she have something call a brain anism , 27 . malcolm ( soft ) you mean aneurysm . cole yeah , private kinney need to get back safe to take care of she . beat . Cole 's face become emotional . tear fill he eye . cole it 's sad they die , be not it ? malcolm fall into silence and stare at he client . beat . Cole wipe he eye quickly . cole do not look at I . ( beat ) I do not like people look at I like that . malcolm take in Cole 's gesture and expression . cole stop look at I . malcolm look down . malcolm where should I look then , Cole ? cole look over there . Cole point to the corner of the street . malcolm slowly turn . he sit in profile to Cole . beat . malcolm it 's very unusual for someone you age to understand the kind of problem that private Jenkins and private kinney have or even to be think about they at all ... malcolm continue to stare at the street . beat . malcolm it be okay if I look back now ? Cole do not answer . 28 . malcolm tap the foot once for " no " and twice for " yes . " Cole tap he foot once . malcolm sit patiently . beat . they do not say anything for a while . malcolm you would not want to take a walk , would you ? Cole look up from he soldier . malcolm stare at the far side of the street . Cole tap he foot twice . CUT to : ext . STREET - afternoon the two of they walk down a row of brownstone across from a park where child Cole 's age be play . cole I walk this way to school with Tommy tammisimo . malcolm he you best buddy ? Cole almost smile . cole he hate I . malcolm you hate he ? Cole shake he head , " no . ! malcolm think for a bit . malcolm you mom set that up ? Cole nod " yes . " malcolm you ever tell she about how it be with Tommy ? cole I do not tell she a thing . 29 . malcolm why ? cole Cause she do not look at I like everybody and I do not want she to . I do not want she to know . malcolm know what ? cole that I be a freak . malcolm stop walk . the word hit he hard . he stare at Cole . malcolm listen to I . you be not a freak . do not you believe anybody that tell you that . it 's bullshit and you do not have to grow up believe that . beat . Cole be surprised . cole you say the " 's " word . malcolm yeah . sorry . malcolm 's face be fill with emotion . Cole be suddenly hit by malcolm 's passion . beat . Cole nod slowly as he look at malcolm with different eye . they start walk again in silence . they turn a corner and move down another street . Cole spot a old man with a cane stand at the gate of a brownstone . cole be it okay if I do something ? I have to do something . malcolm nod " yes " as they continue walk . Cole slow as they approach the old man . as we get closer , we make out the man can barely see . cole hi , Mr. marschal . mr . marschal lean over he gate and stare at Cole fora few second . mr . marschal gute tag , cole. 30 . Mr. marschal have a thick german accent . the old man squint down the block with a concerned expression . cole what 's wrong ? mr . marschal Mrs. marschal . she go food shopping . she 's run late . beat . cole ich habe durst . malcolm 's eye dart to Cole . mr . marschal Wunderbar ! where do you learn to speak german ? cole I just know a couple line . mr . marschal yes , you may have a drink . what would you like ? cole lemonade , please . Mr. marschal smile at Cole before walk back inside he house . Cole turn back to malcolm . cole ( sad ) Mr. marschal get real lonely . malcolm what about Mrs. marschal ? cole ( whisper ) she die a long time ago . CUT to : int . mr. marschal' live room - morning this brownstone have be home to the marschal 's for many , many year . it 's fill with a lifetime of memory . memories share by two people . 31 . two rock chair sit side by side near the window that overlook the street ... a corner table display fancy wooden chess set . the game half - finish , freeze in a layer of dust ... a easel stand before a piano . the incomplete water color painting of a smile elderly woman sit on the piano bench sit sadly on the fade yellow paper . malcolm take in the live room silently . he stand near the open door . Cole walk through the room . tiny eye search carefully . he lean behind the sofa look for something . malcolm watch Cole with a crinkle brow . Cole peek behind the old piano cramme against the wall . mr . marschal maybe Jill will play for we when she get back . Cole turn to find Mr. marschal stand with a glass of lemonade . Cole take it from he shaking hand . cole thank you . Mr. marschal shuffles over to the sofa . take a seat . Cole begin surveying the room again . beat . his eye finally come to rest on a plant seat in the corner . he stare at it ... the leave of the plant shake slightly from a breeze . Cole put down he glass on a table and walk over to the plant . Cole kneel down and start to push the pot plant aside . the pot screech on the wooden floor . malcolm call to Cole under he breath . malcolm Cole -- mr . marschal what 's go on there ? Mr. marschal strain to see across the room . Cole do not answer either of they . instead , he continue to push the plant aside revealing a AIR vent . Cole gently reach over and take off the metal face . it slip right off . Cole 's hand disappear into the darkness of the vent . they reemerge hold a stack of notebooks . 32 . malcolm become very still . Cole rise to he foot and carry the notebook over to Mr. marschal . Cole carefully place they on he lap . mr . marschal be this for I ? Mr. marschal finger the notebook then reach for he thick glass hang from he neck . he place they on the tip of he nose and inspect the notebook six inch from he face . mr . marschal what 's this ? Jill 's keep a diary . malcolm take a involuntary step forward . Mr. marschal start flipping through the notebook . mr . marschal she 's full of surprise ... he get to the last book . his hand become still as he stare at the final page of write . mr . marschal ( whisper ) she have not write anything for some time . beat . Mr. marschal slowly look up from the notebook . look up to Cole . Cole just stand quietly . Mr. marschal 's eye slowly fill with tear of realization . they gently spill down he weathered face . mr . marschal oh no ... Cole take a deep breath . try hard not to cry himself . the sight of Mr. marschal weep shake Cole . Cole softly lay he hand on Mr. marschal 's silver hair . Mr. marschal reach up and clutches he small hand . they stay like that for a while . beat . Mr. marschal let go and bring the notebook tighter to he body . Cole quietly walk to malcolm who stand motionless . he stare down at Cole in a daze . Cole turn he head , cry . 33. cole ( softly ) stop look at I . CUT to : int . basement office - night malcolm sit still in he office chair . his eye be fix at a point in space . he bring a slim , black tape recorder to he mouth . click . malcolm April or March of eighty -seven . two week into session with Vincent Gray . I be treat a couple , Donald and Robin wagner , who have lose they child to leukemia . they be wait with Vincent in the reception room of the downtown clinic . they be alone together maybe fifteen minute . when I enter the room , all three be cry . the wagner 's progress from that afternoon be dramatic and sudden .... as if some door have be open for they . ( beat ) I be not at all clear what happen in that fifteen minute . but I now believe Vincent try to tell I something , show I something and I do not listen . ( beat ) Cole sear allow I to witness something today . ( beat ) this time I be go to listen . a long silence . click . the tape recorder turn off . dissolve to : int . brownstone - night Lynn hold a laundry basket on she hip as she fiddle with the thermostat in the hall . the house be cold . Lynn wear a winter jacket in the house . Lynn turn and move into the shadowy hallway . no light . the house seem somewhat ominous . beat . Lynn 's eye dart to a open guest room like she just see something . 34 . she stare in the doorway until a SOUND turn her in the direction of the family room . she pick up ball - up boy 's sweat sock and dirty t-shirt lay on the carpet . when she reach the end of the hall , she hit a light switch . the hall light up revealing a wall of photo . Lynn form a tiny smile . snapshot of Cole and Lynn 's life hang before she eye . Cole 's birthday party ... Lynn and Cole at a amusement park ... Cole under the Christmas tree ... Cole on Lynn 's shoulder in a pool ... Cole with a group of neighbor at a barbecue ... Lynn take a step forward . Lynn 's face betray the fact that she notice something she never notice before . she touch a photo of three - year - old Cole . we move into the photo -- cole's face smile at US . lynn' finger gently brush a thin streak of light that curve in the background behind cole . the streak of light be blurred , like something caught in motion . Lynn look to the adjacent photo -- the barbecue photo -- everyone stand with hot dog and soda . Lynn search the picture . her eye suddenly stop at the tiniest blur of white light streaking around cole . we move from framed photo to framed photo -- each the same -- somewhere hidden in the frame , somewhere not easily see , lynn find a blur . Lynn take it all in curiously . CUT to : int . cole's bedroom - afternoon Lynn move into Cole 's room with the laundry basket balanced on she hip . the walkman headphone on she head blare a muffled techno dance beat . Lynn start pick clothes up around Cole 's room . this bedroom be a eerie place . the shadow seem to make shape and figure . all the furniture be wood -- old fashioned . the lamp , the painting on the wall -- antique as well . the most strike feature of the room , however , be the homemade tent create from bedsheet and blanket tie to chair and bureaus . it take up a large corner of the room . 35 . a sign hang over the bedsheet . " do not enter " Lynn grab the spiderman p.j.s that drape over the tent . a german shepherd puppy sleep on the pillow . sebastian lift he head sleepily and peer at Lynn before return to he slumber . Lynn slowly reach for a picture frame that peek out from under Cole 's pillow . slide it out ... it 's a vacation photo of a couple . Lynn and Cole and a man . the man look in every way a larger version of Cole . the picture have a visible effect on Lynn . she let out a shaky breath before return the photo to its hide place . Lynn pull a pair of school uniform pants off the wooden roll cover desk next to the bed . the desk be cover with loose leaf papers fill with writings . Lynn 's eye be draw to the papers . her curious gaze turn serious . her mouth open a tiny bit involuntarily . the paper be strewn with line of handwrite . countless line . thousands of word ... some horizontal , some vertical ... the write move in arc and flow in various size -- write at great speed -- every word connect by a single pen stroke -- everything write in one continuous motion . Lynn slowly spin the papers , take in some of the phrase ... ... Christ break the freaking glass oh no God no what the hell be go on quiet the damn baby I will cut you I swear it someone stop the burn I will kill you I will kill all you bastard ... the word go on and on . Lynn remove she hand from the paper . she pull she headphone off slowly . the muffled techno dance beat fill the dead silence of the eerie room . CUT to : int . den - afternoon malcolm stare as the rain pelt the window of the de . 36 . malcolm ... so you dad life in Pittsburgh with a lady who work in a toll booth . cole ( 0.s. ) what if she have to pee when she 's work ? you think she just hold it ? malcolm I do not know . I be just think the same thing . beat . cole ( 0.s. ) you ask a lot of question about my dad today . how come ? Cole be play behind the couch . all we see be the top of he head . malcolm sometimes , we do not even know it , but we do thing to draw attention . do thing so we can express how we feel about issue ... divorce or whatever . every now and then we get glimpsis of thing Cole be play with peek over the back of the couch , but we can not quite make out what he 's do . malcolm one night , as a example ... leave something on a desk for someone to find . the top of Cole 's head stop move . malcolm Cole , have you ever hear of something call free-write ? or free - association write ? Cole shake he head , " no . " malcolm it 's when you put a pencil in you hand and put the pencil to a paper and you just start write ... you do not think about what you be write ... you do not read over what you be write ... you just keep you hand move . Cole have become very still . he look right at malcolm . malcolm after awhile if you keep you hand move long enough , word and thought start come out you do not even know you have in you ... sometimes they be thing you hear from somewhere ... sometimes they be feeling deep inside ... ( beat ) have you ever do any free - association write , Cole ? beat . Cole nod , " yes . " malcolm what would you write ? cole word . malcolm what kind of word ? cole upset word . beat . malcolm do you ever write any upset word before you father leave ? beat . cole I do not remember . malcolm watch he carefully . beat . malcolm wave the question off casually . malcolm can you do something for I ? malcolm smile . he rise and grab he coat . malcolm think about what you want from we time together . what we goal should be ? cole something I want ? 37 . 38 . malcolm if we could change something in you life , anything at all , what would you like that to be ? Cole 's brow furrow as he think about it carefully . malcolm you do not have to answer now . malcolm head for the door , stop when Cole emerge from behind the couch . Cole be wear he father 's jacket , it hang to the ground like a dress . cole instead of something I want , can I have something I do not want ? malcolm turn back to Cole . malcolm nod " yes . " beat . cole I do not want to be scared anymore . Cole 's sad eye stare up at malcolm . CUT to : int . basement office - night the surface of malcolm 's desk be cover with open text . malcolm pour over a thick reference book . he circle a phrase ... " . , . result bruise and abrasion on arm and leg may , in fact , be self - inflicted . " malcolm appear disturb by the thought run through he head . anna's muffled voice carry down the stair . his face turn up to the ceiling . malcolm ( loud ) be you call I ? we hear anna's footstep move across the basement ceiling . we hear the front door OPEN . anna ( 0.s. ) what ? you do not see enough of I at the store ? 39 . malcolm get up and move closer to they voice as he stretch he leg . man' voice ( 0.s . ) on my way to the flea market in amish country . think maybe you want to come . show I how to buy at this thing . anna ( 0.s . ) I trust you ... besides , I do not know if I be up for the amish today . you can not curse or spit or anything around they . malcolm smile at Anna . man' voice ( 0.s. ) I think you would want to get out . you have be kind of down . malcolm slowly stop smile . anna ( 0.s. ) that 's very sweet . I be okay . man' voice ( 0.s . ) do you think I should stop by on my way back ? show you what I get ? it 's not a problem . malcolm shake he head in disbelief . anna ( 0.s . ) you know that 's probably not the best idea . I will just wait to see they in the store . man' voice ( 0.s . ) okay . fine. understood . ( beat ) I be off then . anna ( 0.s. ) do not step in the horse manure . man' voice ( 0.s. ) thanks . we hear the front door shut . malcolm move to the narrow basement window . 40 . int. / ext . malcolm' house - day we see sean , a attractive young man in he late twenty . he get into he car across the street . he just sit there for a moment before put he forehead to the steering wheel . malcolm ( under he breath ) give it up , kid . malcolm turn away from the window as Sean 's car start up and pull away from malcolm 's house . CUT to : int . classroom - day stanley cunningham be a teacher in he late forty . he write a question on the board . mr . cunningham can anyone guess what city be the capital of the United States of America from 1790 to 1800 ? Mr. cunningham turn and stare at he class of eight and nine year old private school student . they stare back at he blankly . Cole rest he chin on he desk and watch the class with big eye . mr . cunningham ... I will give you a hint , it 's the city you live in . the class say the answer in unison . CLASS Philadelphia . mr . cunningham right ... Philadelphia be one of the oldest city in the country . a lot of generation have live and die in this city ... almost every place you visit have a history and a story behind it . ( beat ) even this school and the grounds they sit on ... can anyone guess what this building be use for a hundred year ago , before you go 41 . mr . cunningham here , before I go to this school even ? stanley cunningham look over the class of blank face . he 's just about to answer he own question when he see a hand go up . Mr. cunningham look surprised to see who it be . mr . cunningham yes , Cole ? cole they use to hang people here . Mr. cunningham furrow he brow . beat . mr . cunningham that 's not correct . where would you hear that ? cole they would pull the people in cry and kissing they family bye ... people watch would spit at they . beat . mr . cunningham Cole , this be a legal courthouse . law be pass here . some of the first law of this country . this building be full of lawyer . lawmaker . cole they be the one who hang everybody . Mr. cunningham chuckle . Cole 's face turn cement grey . mr. cunningham I do not know which one of this guy tell you that , but they be just try to scare you , I think . Tommy tammisimo lead the class in a wave of snicker . Cole glance up . see all the eye on he . he glance at the teacher who be still stare . 42 . cole I do not like people look at I like that . mr. cunningham like what ? cole stop it ! Mr. cunningham see the traumatize expression on Cole 's face and instantly stop smile . mr . cunningham I do not know how else to look -- cole you be a stutter stanley ! Mr. cunningham 's face become still . so do the classroom . mr . cunningham Excuse I ? cole you talk funny when you go to school here . you talk funny all the way to high school ! the class fall into stunne silence . Mr. cunningham take a involuntary step towards Cole 's desk . mr . cunningham what -- cole you should not laugh at people . it make they feel bad . Mr. cunningham move closer to Cole . mr . cunningham how do you --? cole stop look at I . Cole cover he eye with he hand . mr . cunningham who have you be s-speak to ? we see Cole 's mouth under he cover eye . 43 . cole stutter stanley ! stutter stanley ! mr . cunningham who ! Mr. cunningham be stand right over Cole 's desk now . cole stutter stanley ! mr . cunningham s-ssstop that ! cole stutter stanley ! stutter stanley ! mr . cunningham s-ssssstop it ! cole stutter -- mr . cunningham -- shhhhhhut upppp you fffffffreak ! mr . cunningham slam he hand on cole's desk . Cole 's hand drop from he eye . the teacher 's face be burn red . the child in the room be freeze . completely startle . Cole 's eye be fill with tear . Mr. cunningham 's expression drain of anger as Cole sear begin to cry . CUT to : int . anthony' library - same afternoon Cole be seat in the school library by himself . he sit at a long center table near the window . his head be lay on he fold arm on the table . malcolm peek he head in the door -- unsure if he 's in the right place . he spot Cole and enter the room . he silently take a seat across from Cole . the eight - year - old look up . Cole 's eye be hard -- fill with anger . malcolm hey , big guy . Cole stare for a second . 44 . cole I do not want to talk about anything . Cole lower he head . malcolm just sit and think . the SOUND of boy playing sport on the field outside filter in through the library window . Cole turn he head and stare at the window . malcolm take in the sad vision of this boy . it affect he . beat . malcolm do you like magic ? Cole 's face soften a bit . he turn from the window and look to malcolm . beat . Cole nod , " yes . " malcolm pull out a penny from he pocket . he place it in he right hand . malcolm watch the penny closely . malcolm close he hand around the penny . malcolm I do the magic shake ... malcolm shake he hand in circle . Cole watch he hand carefully . malcolm and suddenly the penny have magically travel to my leave hand ... Cole look to malcolm 's close leave hand . malcolm do not open it . malcolm but that 's not the end of the trick . with another magic shake , the penny travel into my shirt pocket ... Cole 's eye lock on malcolm 's shirt . malcolm tap the pocket but do not open it . malcolm but that 's still not the end !... I do a final magic shake ... and suddenly ... the penny return to the hand where it start from . malcolm open he right hand . the penny sit quietly in the center of he palm . 45 . Cole look at the penny and then up to malcolm 's face . beat . Cole crack a smile . cole that be not magic . malcolm what ? cole you just keep the penny in that hand the whole time ... malcolm who I ? malcolm smile a mischievous smile . he place the penny on the table . Cole stare at it and then look to malcolm . cole I do not know you be funny . malcolm I forget myself . malcolm and Cole share a warm look . the sound of kide laughing and playing out on the field come pouring into the room again . Cole 's expression change back to sadness as he look to the window . malcolm lean across the table and whisper . malcolm Cole ... Cole look at malcolm . malcolm one day ... ( beat ) you be go to sound just like they . beat . Cole 's chin start to tremble . his voice crack . cole ( whisper ) promise ? beat . malcolm ( whisper ) promise . 46 . malcolm and Cole sit in silence and listen to the SOUND of child playing . CUT to : int . hallway - evening malcolm sort through the many bill on the mail table . woman ( 0.s. ) malcolm , sit you cute butt down and listen up . ( beat ) be you listen ? malcolm turn at the SOUND of the woman , and move into the empty live room where the t.v. be on . a blanket lay crumpled on the sofa . the woman' voice be coming from a video playing on the vcr . it be a wedding video . a large woman in a bridesmaid dress stand holding the microphone . in the background , we can see the dance floor . bridesmaid ( t.v. ) no doubt about it . Anna 's like my sister . you better make she happy ... and I be not talk about -- mmm this taste like real butter -- kind of happy ... I be talk about Julie andrew twirling around like a mental patient on a mountain top -- kind of happy . the large bridesmaid become very emotional . bridesmaid ( t.v. ) you be really lucky . she 's get so much love for you . do not tell she I tell you , but she say she love you from the first time she meet you on the street . she would do anything for you . ( cry ) I love you guy . ( more cry ) my nose be run . why be not someone get I a tissue ? the woman hand the microphone to someone off screen . the camera pan away from her and zoom in on the dance floor . malcolm and anna be slow dancing . they 're whispering and laughing with each other . 47 . the happiness from they be tangible . malcolm can not help smile as he stare at the flicker image . he turn and look down the hall to they bedroom . CUT to : int . bedroom - evening malcolm move into they bedroom . the SOUND of a shower can be heard from the bathroom . malcolm move to the bathroom door and open it slowly . CUT to : int . bathroom - evening malcolm step into the bathroom quietly . he stare at the silhouette of Anna 's body through the smoke glass of the shower . Anna stand still , she head tilt back . malcolm watch quietly . by he experience , it 's clear he 's take by he wife 's beauty . malcolm start towards the shower when he eye glance to the sink . malcolm lock on a tiny bottle rest on the marble surface . he reach out and pick it up . the label on the plastic bottle read , " Zoloft anti-depressant " " to be take twice daily " malcolm gently put down the plastic bottle . he gaze at the still figure of he wife as the water cover she . malcolm leave the bathroom . he make sure not to make a noise with the door as he close it shut . dissolve to : ext . darren' house - day colorful balloon flutter in the wind in front of a old grey stone home . 48 . int . dine room - day Cole and a overweight boy name bobby be seat at a dining table cover in colorful paper . a stack of birthday present be sit on the table next to a cake . the house be fill with the SOUND of child playing and laughing . Cole and the overweight boy be the only one in the dining room . Bobby watch with a dull expression as Cole move he hand in circle in the air . cole ... then you do the magic shake . and now the penny move from my pocket all the way to the hand it start in . Cole smile and hold out he hand . his finger open to reveal the penny . Bobby stare . bobby that 's stupid . Cole lose he smile . cole it 's suppose to be funny . bobby it 's stupid . Cole and the overweight boy stare at each other . bobby give I my penny back . Cole give the boy he penny . beat . Cole gaze at Bobby . cole ( almost inaudible ) ... do not be sad . Bobby look up sharply . bobby ( hard ) what would you say ? 49 . cole ( shake ) ... nothing . Bobby stare down at he before return he attention to he tatter napkin . the two boy sit in silence . CUT to : int . kitchen - afternoon Cole sit alone in the corner of the live room . the open kitchen doorway be next to he . Inside the kitchen be Lynn and darren' mom speak . it 's clear they be from different world . Lynn be wear tight clothes with hair tease to dramatic height . Darren 's mom be in a designer suit . lynn ... he do not get invite place . darren' mom it 's we pleasure . lynn the last time be a Chuck E . cheese party a year ago . he hide in one of that purple plastic tunnel and do not come out . darren' mom Chuck E. who ? lynn cheese . it 's a kid 's place . Darren 's mom smile formally and turn to give the catering people instruction on how to lay out the food on she sterling Silver trays . lynn he 's my whole life . Darren 's mom turn back to Lynn , the force smile on she face . lynn I work at a insurance place and at penny 's , so Cole can go to that good school . darren' mom J. c. Jenny 's ? 50 . Lynn nod " yes . " darren' mom ( bullshit ) good for you . lynn I wish I could be like my momma though . she always know what be wrong . knew just what to say . Darren 's mom glance at she expensive watch . lynn Cole 's go through something bad . he will not talk to I . ( beat ) I be he momma . ( emotional ) and I do not know what 's wrong and I do not know what to say . Lynn drown in she thought . Cole move away from the kitchen with sad eye . CUT to : int . hall - afternoon Cole walk past two expensively - dress mother eat hor d'oeuvre as they move down the hallway . mrs . weston do you have the brie ? mrs . saunder it taste like cheese whiz . they pass when Cole move down the shiny mahogany wood hallway . the woman 's conversation fade away behind he . Cole turn a corner and come to a dead stop . he turn white as he stare at a open crawl space closet a few foot away . Cole 's eye be rivete in the darkness of the closet . beat . the hallway erupt with noise as the child run in from the backyard . Tommy tammisimo be one of the child . he talk with the birthday boy , darren , a skinny kid in a party hat . tommy I even get a trailer . 51 . darren for what ? you only have one line . tommy you be slow , you know that . the star of the commercial always have he own trailer . you need to think about you character alone . Tommy glance down the hall and see Cole stand freeze stare at the crawl space closet . Tommy grab Darren . tommy Darren , check it out . darren look down the hall to Cole . darren my dad make I invite he . Tommy nudge Darren to move down the hall . Cole break from he trance as Tommy and Darren walk up . cole happy birthday , Darren . tommy something you want to see in there ? Tommy point to the crawl space . cole ( too quick ) -- no. beat . Tommy look to Darren and then back to Cole . tommy we be go to put on a pretend play . you want to be in it ? beat . cole ... okay . tommy it 's call , " lock in the dungeon . " Tommy stare at Darren . Darren finally get it . 52. darren yeah , Cole ... you get to be the one lock in the dungeon . it happen too quick for Cole to react . Darren and Tommy shove Cole backwards . he stumble into the darkness of the crawl space . cole do not ! Tommy slam the door close . Darren turn the lock . they crack smile at each other as Cole bang on the door . the banging goe on for a few second and then it just stop . silence . Darren and Tommy look at each other and then back at the crawl space door . then the scream begins . Darren and Tommy back away from the door as cole scream in terror at the top of he lung . he crash over and over against the door . he body slamming against the wood . the door rattle like it 's go to break off its hinge . the two boy be statue as Cole 's blood - chilling yell fill the hallway . footstep spike the AIR as child and mother come run down the hall . Lynn be one of they . Darren 's mother turn the corner . darren' mother who 's make that noise ? she look to the closet . the high - pitched scream CUT through the hall . lynn Cole ! Lynn and Darren 's mom rush to the door and turn the knob ... the door fly open . Lynn reach in and pull out Cole . he 's unconscious . Darren 's mom look into the crawl space -- there 's nothing inside except a couple pack box in the back . she look to Lynn . she turn around with Cole in she arm . 53. lynn ( desperate whisper ) help I get he in the car . CUT to : int . hospital reception area - afternoon colorful mural don the curve wall of the pediatric reception area . a spattering of child accompany by adult sit and wait . Lynn and malcolm be seat at a child 's play table . a game make of a maze of wire sit on the table in front of they . a young resident dr . hill take a seat at the table with they . he open up he note . lynn what 's wrong with Cole ? beat . dr . hill the test indicate he do not have a seizure . in fact he 's do fine . after some rest , he could go home tonight . Lynn close she eye . let out a tense breath . beat . malcolm eye the doctor as he glance back to a academic - look woman stand at the reception room door . malcolm there 's something else go on , Lynn . Lynn open she eye and catch the doctor 's expression . lynn what be it ? dr . hill there be some scratch and bruise on you son that concern I . malcolm oh , man . lynn that be from sport , from play . 54 . lynn he 's not the most coordinate kid , but I do not want he to stop try , you know what I mean ? Doctor Hill gesture to the woman stand near the doorway . dr . hill Mrs. sloan over there be we social worker at the hospital . she 's go to ask you some procedural question . lynn you think I hurt my child ? ( emotional ) you think I be a bad mother ? dr . hill at this point it 's just procedure . and you should probably calm down . malcolm how do you expect she to react ? lynn you want I to answer you question ? DR. hill ( sarcastic ) I be sorry if I be be vague -- yes , I do . lynn who 's go to answer mine , you dick . Dr. Hill stare at she before close up he file . lynn ( raise voice ) what happen to my child today ? Dr. Hill get up . lynn something be happen to he -- physically happen . something be very wrong . Dr. Hill hand he file to mrs . sloan and exit the reception room without look back . everyone in the reception room stare at Lynn . Mrs. sloan walk up to the table and wait . 55 . Lynn take a second . wipe she eye . gather she considerable strength . beat . lynn how long will this question take ? CUT to : int . hospital room - night Cole lay rigid in the hospital bed . blanket bundle around he as if to shield he . Cole 's eye fix out the window . malcolm quietly enter through the half - open door to the room . Cole spot he . visibly relax . malcolm I have decide we should not schedule session anymore . I will just follow you around . Cole smile weakly as malcolm take a seat on a roll metal chair . malcolm notice Cole 's leg emerge from under the hospital gown . Cole be wear a man' dress sock . the baggy fold ride up all the way to he knee . malcolm you father ever tell you bedtime storey ? cole yes . malcolm look at Cole . malcolm make a decision . he roll in the chair across the room as he think . beat . malcolm once upon a time there be a prince , who be be drive around ... he drive around for a long , long time ... driving and drive ... it be a long trip ... he fall asleep ... ( beat ) when he wake up , they be still drive ... the long drive go on -- cole Dr. crowe . malcolm yes. 56 . le you have not tell bedtime storey co before ? ma no. co lcolm le you have to add some twist and stuff . maybe they run ma no gas ... hey they sit in silence . head . out of gas . lcolm , that 's good . malcolm work on a new plot in he le tell I a story about why you be co sad . beat. mai do you think I Cole nod , " yes . " mai what make you co you eye tell beat . mai ( rote ) lcolm be sad ? lcolm think that ? le I . malcolm 's affect by he client . lcolm I be not suppose to talk about stuff like that . Cole smile softly . malcolm stare at the it hospital bed . red child sit before he in the malcolm roll he stool away from he client as he think . beat. bed . he slowly move t mai ... once upon a person name malcolm . with child . he roll chair closer to Cole 's lcolm time there be this he work 57 . malcolm love it more than anything . ( smile ) then one night , he find out he make a mistake with one of they . do not help that one at all . he think about that one a lot . can not forget . ( beat ) ever since then , thing have be different . he 's become mess up . confused . angry . not the same person he use to be . ( beat ) his wife do not like the person he 's become . they do not speak anymore . they be like stranger . malcolm break from he thought and look at Cole who watch he with unwaver attention . malcolm smile . malcolm and then one day this person malcolm meet a wonderful boy who remind he of that one . remind he a lot of that one . malcolm decide to try to help this new boy . he think maybe if he can help this boy , it would be like help that one too . malcolm lean forward , whisper with emotional eye . malcolm I do not know how the story end . I hope it 's a happy end . cole I too . Cole look at malcolm 's caring eye . Cole stare at malcolm a long time . everything that's say from this point on be whispered . cole I want to tell you my secret now . malcolm blink very slowly . malcolm okay . Cole take a eternal pause . a silent tension engulf they both . 58 . cole ... I see people . malcolm just gaze quietly . cole I see dead people ... some of they scare I . beat. malcolm in you dream ? Cole shake he head , " no . " malcolm when you be awake ? Cole nod , " yes . " malcolm Dead people , like in grave and coffin ? cole no , walk around , like regular people ... they can not see each other . some of they do not know they be dead . malcolm they do not know they be dead ? beat . cole I see ghost . malcolm become completely motionless . shock . Works to hide he he and Cole stare at each other a long time . co le they tell I storey ... thing that happen to they ... thing that happen to people they know . beat . malcolm 's word be extra-controlled . nothing . revealing malcolm how often do you see they ? cole all the time . they be everywhere . 59 . cole ( beat ) you will not tell anyone my secret , right ? beat . malcolm '' no. cole will you stay here till I fall asleep ? malcolm nod , " yes . " Cole pull the cover up to he chin and turn to the window in the room . malcolm be very still and stare at Cole . malcolm' eye -- slowly turn and survey the room . they find nothing . malcolm return to watch Cole . cole's eye look around the room warily ... we move in on they -- till he eye fill the frame . beat . and then we see what he 's stare at . through Cole 's hospital room window we see the adjacent wing of the hospital building . row of hospital room window be visible . in the window be patient ... some old , some young ... some be dressed in modern hospital gowns ... some from decade past . they stand unnaturally still in there window ... watching , waiting . CUT to : ext . STREET corner - night malcolm hail a cab . he step off the sidewalk lose in he thought . steam rise from a street vent . headlight . a car suddenly emerge from the steam , narrowly missing malcolm . malcolm jerk out of the way . his briefcase fall to the ground . his tape recorder fall to the sidewalk . beat . malcolm reach down and pick it up . malcolm Cole ... ( beat ) his pathology be more severe than initially assess . ( beat ) he 's suffer from visual hallucination , paranoia -- symptom 60 . malcolm of some kind of school age schizophrenia . ( beat ) medication and hospitalization may be require . click . malcolm 's hand with the tape recorder drop to he side . malcolm ( whisper ) I be not help he . malcolm stare into the night . he stand alone as thought crash like thunder in he head . CUT to : int . car - night the street turn red as Lynn drive home from the hospital in silence . she glance down to she right . Cole be curl up asleep on the passenger seat , back in he regular clothes , a tiny party hat clutch in he hand . he look like a four- year-old . the sight of he exhaust and still , hit Lynn hard . Lynn 's face drown in deep concern . she lay a hand on Cole 's head as she drive . CUT to : int . cole's house - night the front door open , Lynn carry Cole in . he 's asleep on she shoulder . she carry he down the hall to he bedroom . Lynn lay Cole gently on he bed next to he german shepherd puppy . Cole curl up with sebastian . Lynn watch the two youngster sleep for a moment . Cole be curl up asleep with a tiny party hat clutch in he hand . he look like a four- year-old . Lynn have be carry Cole 's sweater from over she shoulder . she pull it off and begin to fold it . her attention be draw to the sweater . she finger the fabric of the back . it's ripped . her eye move to Cole . in the middle of the back of he T-shirt be three SMALL tear . Lynn push the fabric open with she finger and see deep fingernail like scratch on he skin . 61 . Lynn look around helplessly , fear creep into she eye . CUT to : int . hall - night Lynn emerge from Cole 's room . she turn off the hall light as she move into she room and close the door . we hear lynn pick up a phone and dial . beat . lynn hi , this be Lynn sear , Cole 's mother . I wonder if we could talk about you son and he friend keep they goddamn hand off my boy ? the thermostat on the wall read seventy - eight degree . dissolve to : int . hall - night a few hour later . the house seem threateningly still . too still . CUT to : int . cole's house - night a unnatural silence fill each room of the house . the thermostat on the wall now read , fifty - two degree . a light turn on from under cole's door . the door open a crack . Cole 's tiny face peek out . eye scan the darkness . the door open a little bit more . Cole 's knee be press together . his body dance a little . Cole have to pee . he move cautiously into the hall . Cole move briskly to a door halfway down the corridor . open it . Cole turn on the light in the bathroom . he check behind the shower curtain , before he turn he back and pee into the toilet . a large figure move past the doorway . Cole instantly stop pee . his body become very still . he slowly reach for the toilet handle and flush . he close he pants and turn . he do not come out of the bathroom at first . he just stand there and stare into the darkness of the hall . he breath form tiny cloud in the cold AIR . 62 . beat . Cole finally step out into the hallway . his eye catch a slant of light now come from the kitchen . Cole hesitates before be draw to the kitchen . he move down the hall and turn the corner -- come to a stop in the doorway of the kitchen . CUT to : int . kitchen - night Cole stare at the back of a person cooking food on the stove . Cole 's fear slowly fade away . beat . cole momma ? ( beat ) dream about daddy again ? the person turn . it 's not Lynn . it 's a strange woman . the woman 's face be dement . a purple gash cut across she forehead . all the cabinet and drawer be OPEN behind her . woman dinner' -- not -- ready ! Cole 's face turn the color of ash . woman what be you go to do ? Cole back up to the doorway . woman you can not hurt I anymore ! the woman smile menacingly as she thrust she wrist forward ... they have be savagely cut . CUT to : int . hallway - night Cole turn and run down the hall . CUT to : int . bedroom - night Cole run across he room . he head right for the homemade tent seat in the corner with the " do not touch " sign on it . he scurries in . his leg disappear as the bedsheet flap close behind he . 63 . the craze woman stand at the end of the hall . do not come any closer . CUT to : int . tent - night Cole be curl up in the tent . he lay still for a moment reach over and flicking on a flashlight . the red interior of the tent get lip up . it 's a strike sight . the bedsheet wall of the tent be line with religious picture tape to the wall . tiny statue of saint surround the interior perimeter . we see the statue Cole steal from the church be in here ... this tent be a sanctuary make by a eight - year - old to hide in . dissolve to : int . auditorium stage - afternoon the light in the gym go down . the spot light open on the stage as the curtain move to the side ... a sign to the side of the stage read , " the third and fourth grade present -- rudyard kipling 's " the jungle Book . " the parent applaud as tommy tammisimo walk out on stage in a villager 's outfit . tommy ( decent british accent ) there once be a boy , very different than other boy . he live in the jungle , and he could talk with the animal . backstage , Mr. cunningham cue the rest of the child . the audience applaud as the full cast of the actor come out . some be villager , other be dress as tree and animal . Cole come on stage hold a paint cardboard monkey . malcolm applaud from the back of the auditorium . CUT to : int . school corridor - afternoon the arched hall of the private school be line with post drawing and test papers . 64 . Cole and malcolm walk down a empty hall . cole do you think the play suck big time ? malcolm what ? cole Tommy tammisimo act in a cough syrup commercial . he think everybody be self - conscious and unrealistic . he say the play suck big time . malcolm I know every child be special in they own way , but Tommy sound like a punk . ( Cole smile ) I think the play be excellent . better than cat . cole cat ? malcolm never mind . beat . they continue down the hall in silence . malcolm take he time . malcolm Cole , I be really interested in what you tell I in the hospital , I would like to hear more about it . malcolm stop at a set of door at the end of the hall -- realize Cole be no longer next to he . malcolm turn to find Cole freeze about ten foot back . malcolm walk to he . he notice Cole 's expression as he get closer . malcolm what 's wrong ? Cole point to the door . malcolm be something in there ? 65 . Cole do not say anything . beat. CUT to : int . gymnasium - afternoon it 's a large shadowy gym . climb rope hang from the wood beam ceiling . Cole be tremble slightly as he stand next to malcolm . malcolm what be it ? malcolm follow the child 's gaze to the ceiling of the gym . malcolm I do not see . beat . cole be real still . malcolm look to Cole and then turn back to the ceiling . malcolm 's body become very still . beat . cole sometimes you feel it inside . like you be fall down real fast , but you be really just stand still . malcolm look at the wood beam and climb rope . cole you ever feel prickly thing on the back of you neck ? beat . malcolm yes ? cole and the tiny hair on you arm . be they all stand up ? malcolm glance at Cole . surprise on he face . malcolm -- yes . beat. 66 . cole ( whisper ) when they get mad , it get cold . malcolm they ? malcolm look at the empty stairwell and then back to Cole . nothing be say for a few moment . malcolm I do not see anything . ( beat ) be you sure they be there ? ( beat ) Cole ? malcolm turn back to Cole , he find the child with tear in he eye . Cole look at malcolm desperately . cole please make they leave . malcolm stare helplessly . malcolm ( whisper ) I be work on it . malcolm gently lead Cole away from the stair . cole glance back as he move out of the stairwell . cole's p.o.v . -- the rope and school banner dangle at the top of the stair sway a little ... but so do the three body hanging by there neck from a wooden beam . it 's a truly horrific sight . a black man in britches and no shirt , face beat to a pulp , hang in the center . a white woman in a tear white frilly dress -- tear soaking she face , hang to the right . a small mix race child in half pants , hang to they leave . the family stare at Cole . they follow Cole with they torture eye as he exit the stairwell . CUT to : ext . historic philadelphia - night malcolm walk from the bus stop over the cobblestone street in front of head House Square . the street be quiet and dark . night time have fall over the city . he slowly come to a stop in front of a old building . he hold he arm up . 67 . use he other hand to gently touch he hair on he arm 's surface . malcolm look up slowly . look around . the dark shadow fill the corner of the historic building ... malcolm stare into the darkness ... beat . malcolm ( whisper ) ... be anyone there ? a long moment as he wait . the shadow seem to move , then become still . malcolm shake off the moment . he return he hand to he pocket as he move through the dark street of Philadelphia to he home . CUT to : int . hall - night the doorway to malcolm and Anna 's bedroom be open . strained voice spill out into the hallway . malcolm ( 0.s . ) look , he 's a eight - year - old child . he 's my only client . if he invite I to he play , I be not think about how late I get back ... I go . I have to go . you know that . that 's the only way I know how to work . ( beat ) Vincent say I fail he . ( raise he voice ) I won't give cole a chance to say that word to I ! I won 't ! beat . the portable phone ring out in the hall . malcolm ( 0.s. ) please let it ring . we hear movement . Anna emerge from the bedroom . eye raw . she wipe she tear . she pick up the phone and move down the stair . malcolm walk out into the hall . stop at the top of the stair . anna's voice can be heard speak on the phone from downstairs . 68. anna I can not talk now . malcolm do not hear anything as Anna listen to the person on the phone . she smile as she wipe she tear . he start for the basement door again . anna ( whisper ) I think about you too . malcolm turn . he stand freeze at the top of the stair . Anna 's hushed word rising in the AIR like a gun blast . CUT to : int . kitchen - night Lynn adjust the thermostat as she try to keep herself warm . lynn I do not care what they say , this thing be definitely break . Lynn fiddle with the dial . Cole be stand before the beat - up twelve inch kitchen t.v. on the television screen be Tommy tammisimo . he stand in he pajamas in a doorway . he cough . tommy ( on t.v. ) mommy , my throat hurt . Cole watch as Tommy 's t.v. mother and father give hima spoonful of medicine . narrator ( on t.v. ) pediaease cough suppressant ... gentle , fast , effective . Cole watch Tommy run around in he t.v. background , the very next t.v. morning . he 's not sick anymore . Tommy wave to the camera smile and healthy . the t.v. go black as Cole throw he shoe at the power button . he move to the dinner table where Lynn be seat . Cole sit . his hand go on the table . he 's wear a pair of he father 's extra large leather glove . Cole 's small hand do not even fill the palm area . Cole have difficulty try to pick up he milk glass with the glove . 69 . lynn take them off . Cole remove the glove from he hand and place they next to he plate . lynn I do not want they on my table . Cole move they to the floor . Lynn be irritate , this be a sore point between they . Lynn and Cole eat quietly . beat . lynn I see what be in you bureau drawer when I be clean . Cole look up . a anxious expression on he face . beat . lynn you get something you want to confess ? Cole just stare . lynn the bumble bee pendant . why do you keep take it ? Cole look down at he lap . lynn it be grandma 's . it 's not for play . ( beat ) what if it break ? you know how sad I would be . cole you would cry . Cause you miss grandma so much . lynn ( soft ) that 's right . so why do you take it , sweetheart ? cole sometimes people think they lose thing and they do not really lose they . it just get move . lynn do you move the bumble bee pendant ? 70 . Cole shake he head , " no . " Lynn just stare . lynn you do not take it before . you do not take it the time after that . and now , you do not take it again ? cole do not get mad . lynn so who move it ? Cole do not answer . Lynn just lynn there 's only two of we . ( beat ) maybe someone come in we house -- take the bumble bee pendant out of my closet , and then laid it nicely in you drawer ? ( beat ) be that what happen ? cole ( soft ) maybe . stare at Cole . lynn I be so tired , Cole . I be tired in my body . I be tired in my mind . I be tired in my heart . I need a little help here . ( beat ) I do not know if you notice -- but we little family be not do so good . Lynn fold she napkin quietly . lynn I be praying for we , but I must not be praying right . ( beat ) it look like we be just go to have to answer each other 's prayer . if we can not talk to each other -- we be not go to make it . ( beat ) now baby , tell I ... I will not be mad , honey ... do you take the bumble bee pendant ? 71 . beat . Cole 's eye start to water up . cole no . Lynn go cold . lynn you have have enough roast beef . you need to leave the table . Cole just stare at he mother 's expression . lynn ( yell ) go ! Cole get up -- never take he eye off he mother -- and leave the room . CUT to : int . hall - night Cole enter the dark hallway . he get startle by the SOUND of he puppy growling . sebastian come racing down the hall and scurries past Cole . Cole watch he puppy dart into the live room and under a couch . Cole slowly turn back and look down the hall . the door to cole's room sit at the end of the corridor . it's almost shut . cole watch as the door begins to OPEN very slowly . it open wide . cole doesn't move a inch . suddenly in the stillness and the darkness , a SMALL figure scurry from another bedroom into the blackness of cole's room . it happens like a flash . Cole stop breathe . the figure slowly step out from cole's doorway . it's a boy . a few year older than cole . the boy whisper in a low , hoarse voice . boy come on ... i'1l show you where my dad keep he gun ... come on . the boy turn . we see that the back of he head be missing as he disappear into the darkness of cole's room . 72 . Cole be too terrify to move . CUT to : int . kitchen - night Lynn be kneel on the kitchen floor try to coax the puppy out of the broom closet . cole ( 0.s. ) momma . Lynn turn -- surprised to hear she son 's voice . Lynn 's eye be red from cry . she wipe they quickly with the back of she hand . mother and son look at each other . beat. cole if you be not very mad ... can I sleep in you room tonight ? Lynn fight back some tear . lynn look at my face , Cole . Cole do . Lynn smile at she son . lynn I be not very mad . Lynn hug he . beat . lynn baby ... why be you shaking ? Cole do not answer . lynn Cole , what 's wrong ? Cole just close he eye and hold he mom tight . lynn ( desperate ) ... please tell I . Cole do not say a word . lynn ( cry ) please . CUT to : 73 . int . antique store - day we be in a antique store . fill floor to ceiling with furniture and knickknack . Anna stand with a young couple . all three lean over and peer into a glass cabinet . a antique engagement ring sit on a velvet stand . anna it 's edwardian . beautifully work . entirely platinum with a mine cut diamond and a actual color burmese sapphire ... it 's timeless . young man you get anything a little plainer ? the young woman look at she beau . young woman plainer ? you want a plain ring to go with you plain fiance . be that how it be ? young man no , baby . do not get in a tizzy . it 's just ... you be so beautiful ... you be like a burmese sapphire all by yourself . you do not need all that . young woman ( disbelief ) uh-huh . Anna smile as she take the ring out of the cabinet . anna why do not you two hold it ? she place it in they hand . anna do you feel long ? young woman Excuse I ? anna when I touch this piece I feel a long . I imagine the woman who own this , love a man deeply she could not be with . 74 . the young woman look at Anna with great intrigue . young woman do he have wavy hair and broad shoulder ? the young man throw a odd glance at he fiance . anna I do not know ... but maybe ... ( beat ) a lot of the piece in this store give I feeling . I think maybe when people own thing and then they pass away -- a part of themselves get print on that thing -- like fingerprint . beat . the young man and the young woman gaze at Anna silently . they look down at the ring . they place they hand on it reverently , delicately -- like check for a pulse . Anna can not hold back she sweet smile . CUT to : int . antique store - day Anna move to the back desk where sean come out . he 's carry a antique bench in he arm . he place it down and take a much need seat . sean you do not need someone with a master . you need a wrestler guy whose neck be larger than he head . anna I need a wrestler with a master . Anna fill out the paperwork for the ring . sean what 's this ? Anna look over to find Sean stand at he desk where a birthday present sit on he tabletop . Sean look at she . sean from you ? Anna nod , " yes . " 75 . sean be it wrestle tight ? Anna smile as she move to he desk . Sean begin to tear off the wrapping paper like a kid at Christmas . Anna laugh . Sean hold up a weathered hardback copy of " the great gatsby . " beat . anna it 's a first edition . sean wow , this be too much . it 's perfect , Anna . Sean put down the book and hug she . he pull back a little , still hold she . they smile at each other . beat . the moment go on just that crucial fraction of a second too long . they smile slowly melt away as they continue to hold each other . nothing happen for the longest time . crash ! a shatter door slam echoes through the store . Anna and jeffery pull apart . they rush past the young man and the young woman to the front of the store . they find the glass front door crack in a spider web pattern . they carefully push open the door and step out onto the sidewalk . look around . no one in sight . Anna stare down the empty street . a concerned expression on she face . CUT to : ext . STREET - day malcolm walk angrily down the sidewalk . he stop as he hand go to he side . he wince with pain as he keep walk . CUT to : ext . supermarket - day Lynn and Cole emerge from the supermarket . Cole ride inside the shopping cart tuck between bag of food . mother and son be quiet as they move towards they car . beat. 76 . Lynn lean over , look at the side of she son 's pensive face . she start push the cart faster . Cole wake from he thought as he hair flutter in the wind . he look back . Lynn be smile as she push . Cole turn and raise he hand in the air like he 's on a roller coaster . beat . they slow and come to a rest at the bumper of they car . Lynn lean over -- see the side of Cole 's face smile . Lynn 's face show a little happiness for the first time . a little hope enter she eye as she start to load the grocery into the car . CUT to : int . car - day Cole and Lynn ride home with a back seat full of grocery . Cole finish off a cherry popsicle as he watch out the window . Lynn look over . lynn let 's rent a movie . Cole bite off the last of the popsicle and glance at he mom . lynn you pick . Cole stare at he mom quietly . lynn it can even have Jean Claude Van damme in it if you want . Cole smile at that . he nod , " yes " joyfully . his smile fade away as he notice he mother fiddling with the heater control . Cole gaze out the front windshield as the car move towards home . suddenly a piece of paper stick to the windshield . it 's a page from a playbill . a 1941 playbill . it fly away revealing a woman in a flow flowery dress from the 40' suddenly walk into the middle of the street as the page of she playbill swirl in the air . 77 . cole ( yell ) momma , look out ! the woman in the flowery dress turn . her hand rest on she stomach . we see she be pregnant . playbill stick to the windshield obstruct the view . Lynn slam the brake ... too late . the woman smashes into the front grill of the car ... her terror - stricken face come over the hood and crash right through the windshield in a shower of blood and glass ... cole scream . lynn scream ... the car screech to a stop in the middle of a congested intersection . the line of car behind they suddenly hit they brake and swerve to one side avoid a mass collision . after a few second , the entire intersection have come to a halt . Cole who have shut he eye ... slowly open they . he look around fearfully . his eye move to the windshield . no break glass . no blood . and no woman . Cole look out through the pristine windshield onto the street where car be stop and stare all around they . Cole slowly look over to he mother . he find she stare at he in complete and utter disbelief . her hand clutch the wheel . the white of she knuckle show she fear . she have no idea why he scream . CUT to : int . den - afternoon the de be very quiet . Cole and malcolm sit around the multi - color table . malcolm lean back in he small plastic chair -- arm fold over he chest . Cole sit slump over the table -- eye peer out over he arm . they both look like shit . cole you do not wanna ask I question today ? malcolm nod , " no . " beat . cole can I ask you then ? 78 . malcolm yes. cole what do you want more than anything ? malcolm I do not know . cole I tell you what I want . malcolm I do not know , Cole . cole why do not you think about it for a while ? malcolm do not respond . Cole watch he . beat . beat . beat . malcolm I know what I want . ( beat ) my goal be to speak to my wife . the way she and I use to speak . like there be no one in the world but we . cole ( soft ) how be you go to do that ? malcolm ( whisper ) I can not be you doctor anymore . ( beat ) I have not give my family enough attention . bad thing happen when you do that . do you understand ? the room fall into silence again . Cole speak extra soft . cole you want to go home ? malcolm stare across at Cole . malcolm I have to . co when ? ma soon . one wee malcolm look down at hi : mai I be go to t two psychologi co ( whisper ) do not fail I . malcolm look up sharply . mai -- what ? co do not give up . who can help m beat . malcolm try to mai you want to ko a paper champi ( beat ) do you know wh Cole shake he head , " no co do not cry . mai it mean I be think I be . ( beat ) I be a fake . co you be not a mai 79 . le olm k. 's eye full with emotion . lcolm ransfer you . I know sts that be exceptional -- le lcolm le you be the only one e. I know it . stay compose . it do not work . lcolm ow a secret ?... on . I be at that mean ? tear fall down malcolm 's cheek . le lcolm not what everyone le paper champion . lcolm someone someone else can help you . else can make you happy . Cole be cry now . Cole wipe he eye with he sleeve . stare at each other . beat . they sit quietly and 80 . Cole whisper . cole Dr. crowe ? malcolm yes . cole you believe I , right ? a long pause . cole Dr. crowe , you believe my secret , right ? they both just stare . malcolm I do not know how to answer that . Cole search for the answer in malcolm 's eye ... he find it . it 's not the one he want . malcolm look down . cole how can you help I if you do not believe I ? Cole reach into he pocket . pull out a penny . Cole push it across the table . malcolm gaze at it , then look up at Cole 's pain eye . beat. cole ( whisper ) some magic 's real . CUT to : int . basement - afternoon malcolm sit stoically at he desk in he basement . his eye gaze at the dusty framed certificate from the CITY of philadelphia shove between two pack box . malcolm lean he head back against the chair . stare into the shadow . drown in he thought . beat . the chair creak as he slowly sit up again . malcolm 's eye scan the room and come to a stop on a box mark with the label ... 81 . " session tape -- vincent gray " CUT to : int . basement - afternoon a tape slide into the tape player seat on malcolm 's desk . malcolm hit play . the SOUND of a door open and close be heard . malcolm ( on tape ) sorry about that . hope I do not leave you alone too long ... wow , it 's cold in here . we hear a chair move as malcolm sit down . and then silence . beat . malcolm ( on tape ) Vincent ... why be you cry ? ( beat ) Vincent ? a ten -year-old's voice answer . vincent y ( on tape cry ) es ? malcolm ( on tape ) what happen ? ( beat ) do something upset you ? beat . vincent sniffle . vincent ( on tape ) you will not believe . malcolm ( on tape ) I will not believe what ? beat . vincent ( on tape ) I do not want to talk anymore . I want to go home , okay ? 82 . vincent I want to go home . beat. malcolm ( on tape ) okay , Vincent , you can go home . click . the tape goe to silence . malcolm just sit in the shadowy basement . he do not move for a while . then he hit the rewind button . stop it . press play . malcolm ( on tape ) -- about that . hope I do not leave you too long ... wow , it 's cold in here -- malcolm hit the rewind button again . let it rewind for a while . press play . malcolm ( on tape ) -- like needle either . when I be a kid , I have this blood test down -- throw up chill cheese fries all over this male nurse . we hear vincent chuckle softly . the SOUND of a door open be heard . secretary ( on tape ) Excuse I , Doctor reed be on line two . malcolm ( on tape ) Vincent , I have to take this . give I a minute . vincent ( on tape ) okay . footstep as malcolm and the secretary leave the room . the door close . and the silence . nothing happen for a long time . and then we hear a sudden chair screech across the floor . vincent's breathing quicken . 83 . a slight static start to filter in on the tape . malcolm 's eye be lock on the spool of audio tape as it spin in the player . malcolm 's finger move to the volume dial . he turn it way up . the static noise from the tape fill the basement . malcolm lean closer to the tape player . close he eye and listen ... beat . deep in the static ... another SOUND emerge , whispering . a man' voice be heard in the room with vincent man' whispering ( on tape ) familia ... no dejen que esto I pase ... mi familia ... yo no quiero morir ... familia ... malcolm 's mouth open in disbelief . malcolm ... Jesus Christ . CUT to : ext . STREET - afternoon malcolm stand on a familiar sidewalk . he stare into the bay window of Mr. marschal 's brownstone . Inside the window we see Mr. marschal seat with a group of older gentleman he age . they sit around a table eat sandwich and talk . malcolm watch as Mr. marschal tell a story to he friend . we can't hear what he's saying , but when he finish everyone at the table laugh . Mr. marschal smile . malcolm can not help smile as well . this be not the same man he see before . life have return to this house . beat . malcolm turn and move down the street . each step faster than the next . CUT to : int . church - late afternoon malcolm move to the front of the church down the center aisle . his eye scan the empty seat . no one in sight in any direction . 84 . malcolm stand in the aisle a little out of breath . he hold he hand to he side as he wince a bit . malcolm 's eye float up to the balcony where toy soldier sit on the bannister . Cole 's head pop up . malcolm hello again . he look down and study malcolm . cole you be run around ? malcolm nod , " yes . " cole it make you feel better ? malcolm nod , " yes " again . cole I like to run around . it 's good exercise . ( beat ) you want to ask I question now ? malcolm shake he head , " no . " cole you want to be a lance corporal in company m , 3rd battalion , 7th Marines ? we be be dispatch to the quang nam province . Cole hold up he plastic rifleman . malcolm 's eye show he understand now . malcolm maybe later . beat . cole something happen , do not it ? malcolm yes , it do . cole be you wigging out ? malcolm yes , I be . 85 . cole we be not gonna start cry again , be we ? malcolm no , we be not . cole what happen ? beat . malcolm glance around the empty church before look back up to Cole . malcolm this people ... people that die and be still hang around . maybe they be not ready to go . Cole study malcolm 's passionate face . a new face . cole you really look better . malcolm maybe they wake up that morning think they have a thousand thing to do and a thousand day leave to do they in ... and then all of a sudden , it 's all take away . no one ask they . it 's just go ... cole you have nice red in you cheek now . malcolm do you know what ' yo no quiero morir ' be ? Cole shake he head , " no . " malcolm it 's Spanish . it mean ... ' I do not want to die . ' ( beat ) not all the ghost be scary , be they ? like Mrs. marschal ? cole no. 86 . malcolm what do that ghost want when they talk to you ? think real careful now , Cole ... Cole stop move . he look over the balcony railing at malcolm . malcolm 's malcolm nod " yes . " cole just help . malcolm yes ! I think that 's right !... I think they all want that . even the scary one ... cole you believe now ? stare be unwaver . malcolm I believe both of you now . ( beat ) and I think I might know how to make they go away . cole you do ? malcolm I think they know you be one of that guy rare people can see they . ( beat ) you need to help they . each one of they . ( beat ) everyone want to be hear . everyone . Cole take a big sigh . fiddle with he riflemen . cole what if they do not want help ? what if they be just angry and they want to hurt somebody ? malcolm I do not think that 's the way it work , Cole . Cole look nervous . 87 . cole how do you know for sure ? malcolm 's eye be draw to Cole 's arm . peek out from under he shirt sleeve be a set of cut . malcolm gaze at they . malcolm I do not . Cole and malcolm stand silently in the center aisle of the back of the church . CUT to : ext . house - night malcolm move around the corner on he street . his mind surge with thought . and then he glance up . his step slow to a complete stop . further down the sidewalk , come out of the front door of he house be sean . malcolm 's face turn to stone . he watch as Sean come down the front stair and start across the street . a sudden rage surge up . malcolm move towards Sean fast . Sean reach he car and enter it . he do not notice the figure close in on he . the engine start . malcolm reach the car a second late . Sean pull away into traffic almost hit another car as he do . malcolm watch the car disappear down the next street . beat . malcolm turn and look up at he home with uncheck anger and overwhelming pain erupting he eye . CUT to : int . house - night malcolm stand in he foyer . Anna be sit on the stair , phone in she hand . she face away from the front . malcolm 's a ball of tension as he listen to Anna talk into the phone . 88 . anna ... you just walk out . you be probably on you way home . I be leave this message ... I just do not get to say what I mean ... ( beat ) I know you be confuse . it 's just ... I be not prepare to do this , Sean . ( beat ) I do not want to be ashamed of that . I do not want to have to make excuse for that . ( beat ) and I want to tell you ... I buy you present wholesale from a friend . I do not even pay tax on it . you do not need someone cheap like that . ( beat ) by the way , it 's a non-refundable item , it 's scratch on the bottom . ( beat ) be you smile ?... I hope you be smile . ( beat ) I will see you at the store . beat . a long silence . then we hear anna gently hang up . malcolm lean back against a old radiator . beat . his eye close as the SOUND of he wife's footstep rise up the stair . CUT to : int . brownstone - night the house be silent . no movement . Cole be in he pajamas asleep on the floor of the tent . curle up next to he be sebastian . they sleep surround by statue and picture . Cole 's eye open as he hear he mother' distant voice . lynn Cole ... ( beat ) Cole , what 's happen ... Cole quickly get up and rush out of the tent . his foot catch one of the chair the tent be fastened to . he stumble out . he do not realize one of the bedsheet come loose . 89 . it fold to the ground . CUT to : int . hall - night he do not stop as he move through the shadowy hall and push open he mother 's bedroom door . CUT to : int . lynn' bedroom - night Cole stand in the doorway to he mother 's bedroom . he look over the room carefully . everything be still . Lynn 's room be sparse . no painting , no accessary . a bed without a frame sit in the corner . a table with a sewing machine fill the other side of the room . he mother' voice turn he attention back to the bed . lynn Cole , what 's happen to you ? Cole look down and find he mother lay in she bed . her face contort in deep sadness as she speak in she sleep . lynn be someone hurt you ?... I will beat they ass . Cole smile at he mother as he move to she side . touches she face with he tiny finger . cole ( whisper ) momma , you sleep now . his touch seem to have a effect . Lynn become still in she sleep . Cole watch she carefully . cot to : int . hall - night Cole close the door to he mother 's bedroom shut . he stand still in the hallway . let out a heavy sigh ... he breath roll in a tiny cloud in front of he . Cole 's brow furrow . he breathes again . this time intentionally . watch as he breath materialize in the suddenly ice cold air . 90 . every muscle in Cole 's eight - year - old body become rigid . he take a second before move through the inky darkness of the hall . CUT to : int . bedroom - night Cole hurry to fix he tent . he tie the collapse bedsheet in a knot on the edge of the chair . he check it carefully before enter the tent . CUT to : int . tent - night when Cole turn around , he stop breathe . a EIGHT -year-old girl vomit on herself in he tent . she finish and look up at Cole with draw eye . girl I be feel much better now . the girl reach out with she withere and emaciate hand -- tiny tube hang from she wrist . she scratch Cole as he tumble back terrify out of the tent . the whole tent collapse -- CUT to : int . live room - night Cole run hard out of he bedroom and down the hall to the live room . he get down to the ground and slide under the wooden - legge couch . sebastian be already huddle in fear under the couch . Cole press as far back as he can and wait . cole's p.o.v. -- be of the live room floor . chair leg . coffee table base . rug ... everything be still . Cole hold he breath . he wait . beat . nothing happen . he take he first short breath and watch the room for any sign of movement . CUT to : int . cole's bedroom - night a few minute later . Cole be now stand in he doorway . he stare at the hunch figure cover by the collapse tent . 91 . beat . Cole make a decision . he look like he be go to cry -- fight it back . he walk towards it . reaches down and slowly pull the sheet off the figure . the girl vomit one more time before look up at Cole . girl I be feel much better . Cole and the little girl stare silently at each other . Cole hold she stare with tremble eye . he open he mouth -- it take a while before the word come out . cole do you want to tell I something ? CUT to : int . public bus - day a downtown septa public bus . malcolm and Cole be among the spattering of passenger . they be both wear suit . Cole lean he head against the glass of the scratch window . Cole 's large eye drink in the pass scenery . cole's p.o.v . -- a dark , abandon building stretch for a entire block on one side . a man in a grey , full - bodied uniform with number printed across he chest ... rise out of the tall weed in front of the build . he hobble he way desperately toward the bus . he hand and legs be shackle ... he lunge out for cole in the passing window . shackle man my name 's not Sullivan ! a gunshot echoes in the AIR . the man' chest explode in red as he fall to he knee scream . Cole jerk back from the window . the bus quietly drive past the old prison build . Cole stare down at he lap and try not to look up anymore . beat. cole she come a long way to visit I , do not she ? 92 . malcolm I guess she do . Cole fall into deep thought as he stare down at he dress shoe . malcolm slip back into silence . the city bus slither through the old Philadelphia street work its way downtown . CUT to : ext . home - afternoon a modest home sit on a corner . its small lawn , groom carefully . row of park car spill out from the driveway onto the street . people in suit and dark dress move somberly in and out of the front door of the home . Cole and malcolm join the visitor as they walk slowly towards the door . a frail , little girl about four year of age sit in a dark dress on the swing in front of the house . Visitors say hello to she as they pass . she do not say anything back . malcolm her little sister ? Cole nod , " yes . " malcolm and Cole watch she for a moment before follow other into the modest corner home . CUT to : int . home - afternoon the home be pack with people . the gather of mourner be stand room only . the AIR be filled with dozen of hushed conversation . visitor # 1 ... can you imagine be a child in a bed for two year ? we move to . visitor # 2 ... I think it be six . we move to . 93 . visitor # 3 .. six separate doctor ? we move to . visitor # 4 ( whisper ) . the little one 's fall ill now ... we move to . visitor # 5 ... God help they ... a family portrait hang near the front door . two girl , one bigger , one smaller sit on the ground in front of they mother and father . they smile face welcome the mourner . malcolm and Cole be stand at the bottom of a staircase . wait . the front door open as another group arrive . malcolm nod to Cole as the foyer fill up . the two of they quietly disappear upstairs . CUT to : int . hallway - afternoon the narrow hall be line with box of medical supplies . i.v. stand , sterile needle and pad be in the process of be take away . the box be pile outside a close bedroom door . Cole stare at the shut door like he do not want to go in . his eye move to the large , colorful map of the world that don the hallway wall . he gaze at the many country and continent . beat . cole I wish I be somewhere else . malcolm ( soft ) where will you go , where no one have die ? Cole stare at the map and then turn to malcolm . cole do not go home , okay ? 94 . malcolm I definitely will not . Cole turn and stare quietly at the door . he wait a long time before reach for the doorknob . CUT to : int . girl bedroom - afternoon Cole close the door behind he . he turn and gaze at the girl 's bedroom . there 's a hospital bed near the window . the wall be cover with get - well card and drawing from family , friend , and school child . her shelf be fill with puppet . all shape and size of puppet . next to the shelf be a puppet stage and a camcorder on a mini tripod sit next to it . Cole walk to the shelf and pick up a finger puppet dancer . he place it in he pocket . on the girl 's desk , be a large collection of video cassettes . the label read , " puppet show Christmas 96 , " " puppet show birthday party , " " puppet show class trip " ... Cole read the label carefully before move towards the closet . he pass the bed . a emaciated hand reach out from beneath the bed and grab cole's ankle . Cole jerk back startle . he watch as the girl 's hand slip back under the bed . Cole stay very still . wait . nothing happen . he slowly bend down . his hand touch the floor . he tilt he head and look under the bed . the emaciate little girl who come to he tent lay curl on the floor . her bulg eye glare at Cole . she move suddenly . thrusts a jewelry box forward . it slide across the wooden floor and stop just before Cole . Cole and the sickly girl stare at each other . neither of they say a word . CUT to : int . live room - afternoon the room be thick with mourner . most be gather around the girl mother , a young woman in she late twenty . as she move through the room to the kitchen , she receive the many card , hug , and flower that be offer as condolence . Mrs. Collins leave the live room . 95 . malcolm watch breathlessly from the doorway as Cole move through the many adult across the room . the girl 's father , mr . collin , a thin man in he late twenty , be seat on the read chair next to a t.v . his face be granite . no one in the room dare to talk to he . he stare statue - like at a abstract point in the room . cole mister ? the man do not react . some of the guest look oddly at the little boy stand before the man . cole Excuse I , mister . beat . the man slowly turn and look down at the boy stand next to he . Cole be very shaky . malcolm watch everything anxiously . Cole stare at Mr. Collins . cole be you kyra 's daddy ? the man 's face begin to crumble . beat . he nod , " yes " softly . Cole hold out the jewelry box . it tremble with he hand . the father just stare at it . beat. cole it 's for you ... ( beat ) she want to tell you something . the father become very still . his eye fill with a storm of confusion and pain . after the longest time , the father reach and gently take the box out of Cole 's small hand . Cole begin to back away ... the father gaze at Cole as he melt into the crowd . Cole reach malcolm and the two then slip out of the house . the father look down in a daze . he go to open the jewelry box . his movement be slow and strain . he lift the latch and open the box . Mr. Collins stare at a unlabel video cassette . CUT to : 96 . int . live room - afternoon people in the room start to turn as the t.v. come on . Mr. Collins be seat now . the static snow on the screen be quickly replaced by a image . two puppet dance on stage . we hear kyra' voice sing for the puppet as they dance around . her father 's face form the most heartbreaking of smile as he watch the performance . the entire room have stop what they be do . t.v. screen we hear footstep coming up the stair . the puppet go limp . the entire stage get lift up . we see it carry away by kyra . we can view the whole bedroom now . the camera be seat on she desk in the corner . kyra climb in bed and pretend to be sleep when the door open . it 's Mrs. Collins . she carry in a tray of soup and a sandwich . live room the crowd watch in rivete silence . the father never take he eye off of the screen . the image of the mother prepare the meal . she uncover the fruit and the soup . place a straw into the drink . and then it happen . the image of the mother walk to a closet . open it . a assortment of household cleaner and sponge be keep inside . she pull out a bottle of floor cleaner . read the label for the ingredient . walk back to the food tray , where she unscrew the cap on the floor cleaner . the mother pour some into the cap . check it . mrs . collin ( video tape ) that 's too much . the mother pour some into the bottle . the remainder go into the child 's soup . she replace the cap and put the bottle back in the closet . the image of the mother turn to the bed carry the tray . she place the food on a metallic roll table and swing it over the bed . 97 . mrs . collin ( video tape ) kyra , time for lunch . kyra pretend to wake from a deep sleep . kyra ( video tape ) I be feel much better now . the image of the mother smile . mrs . collin ( video tape ) I be glad , honey . ( beat ) time for you food . kyra ( video tape ) can I go outside , if I eat this ? mrs . collin ( video tape ) we will see . you know how you get sick in the afternoon . kyra pick up the spoon and take a sip . her face crinkle at the taste . she look up at she mother . mrs . collin ( video tape ) do not say it taste funny . you know I do not like to hear that . kyra slowly bring the spoon to she mouth and swallow another spoonful . the father shut off the television with he tremble hand . he press he hand to he eye like they be burn . the room be utterly silent . CUT to : int . dine room - afternoon Mrs. Collins be seat at the dining room surround by friend and family . she fix one of the many bouquet of flower on the table . it take she a beat before she feel the stare . she look up . 98 . stand in the doorway to the dining room be Mr. Collins . a group of ashen face guest stand in the distance behind he . husband and wife 's eye meet . Mrs. Collins smile softly . Mr. Collins ' eye tremble with tear . mr. collin ( soft ) you be keep she sick ... the whole world stop . the mother 's face register confusion at first . then slow realization . her eye glance at the many face around she . she look back at she husband . his glare be painful . rage fill every cell of he body . tear fall faster down he cheek . Mrs. Collins turn she attention back to the flower . she concentrate with all she strength . beat . her hand begin to shake . mrs . collin ( to no one ) I take care of she ... her word be meet with ice cold stare . the first tear stream down she face . the pretty flower of consolation in she hand tumble to the floor . CUT to : ext . house - afternoon Cole sit on the swing next to kyra 's four - year - old sister . she do not look up . malcolm wait in the driveway . watch they from a distance . Cole reach into he pocket and pull out the little finger puppet . he hold it out . cole you like it , she say . the four-year- old stare at the finger puppet , then quietly take it in she small hand . the two child do not say anything for a while . malcolm glance to the house , where all movement in and out of the home have cease . 99 . Cole turn to the four-year-old . cole she watch out for you . the little girl finally look up . she have the saddest eye . four year old kyra 's not come back . beat . cole not anymore . the little girl stare down at the finger puppet . Cole lightly place a hand on she shoulder . nothing else be say . nothing else be do . malcolm look across the two child on the swing . one mourn . one consol . malcolm take it in , overwhelm . dissolve to : int . prop room - afternoon stanley cunningham move between two curtain and come to a prop room door in the back . he put a ear to the door , listen and then knock . after a second , he enter . Mr. cunningham find Cole sit in a poor villager costume as a female teacher kneel next to he and make final adjustment . Cole and the woman glance at Mr. cunningham . mr . cunningham they be call for the stable boy . Mr. cunningham look around the room and then directly at Cole . mr . cunningham who be you talk to ? the female teacher look to Cole and nod . female teacher poor stanley . she stand up . the entire leave side of she face have be burnt horribly . grotesquely disfigure . 100 . female teacher my favorite student . the figure of the woman move past mr . cunningham in the doorway . she disappear into the darkness . Cole put on he tatter hat . cole thanks for give I this part , Mr. cunningham . Mr. cunningham smile . mr . cunningham you be welcome , Cole . they share a look before walk out of the prop room and enter the hall . we see they walk away . mr. cunningham you know when I be in school , there be a terrible fire in this section of the theater . they rebuilt the whole thing . beat . cole I know . CUT to : ext . school - afternoon it begin to rain . malcolm pull he jacket over he head as he scurries up the stair of the school . CUT to : int . hall - afternoon malcolm stand and catch he breath in the corridor of St. Anthony 's Academy . a teacher rush in the hall with a armload of costume . malcolm have the play start yet ? the teacher hurry past malcolm and down the hall without say a word . 101 . malcolm be that a yes ? the teacher scurries around a corner . malcolm watch she curiously . CUT to : int . auditorium - afternoon malcolm move quickly to a set of double door and open they . he step into the darkness of the auditorium . the play be in full swing ... Cole and a large group of costume child be on stage . Cole hold a broom and wear a wear - down costume . he stand to the side -- hide by other . a boy in a shiny - armored costume walk to the center of the stage where a large cardboard stone be seat . a sparkling handle stick out of the top . the armored boy try to lift it . it will not budge . Bobby , the chubby boy from the party , be dress ina magician 's costume . he be merlin . he step forward . merlin only he who be pure of heart can take the sword from the stone . merlin look to the group on stage . look right at Cole . merlin let the boy try . the group of villager on the stage laugh and mock the suggestion . Tommy tammisimo be dress in a mismatch costume -- he hop around , clearly embarrassed . tommy ( half - heartedly ) but he 's the stable boy . he clean after the horse . merlin silence village idiot ! let the boy step forward . Tommy turn a deep shade of red and hobble off the stage . merlin look to Cole . he smile a true friend 's smile . 102 . merlin Arthur ... Cole hesitates . not because he 's act . he really hesitates . it take he a moment before he step forward . Cole step up to the stone . he place he hand around the handle . begins to pull . the sword start to come out . the villager gasp . Cole raise the shiny sword out of the stone and high above he head . merlin and everyone on stage bow . a silence fill the auditorium . malcolm watch he client , stand unafraid in the spot light for the first time . the villager rise and rush to Cole . they scoop he up and carry he around the stage in celebration . Cole chuckle and then start laugh as the group of eight - year- old try unsuccessfully to keep he up . they slowly sag and then collapse . all the student be laugh as they try to untangle themselves . malcolm watch with utter joy as Cole become indistinguishable among of a group of twenty child giggle and enjoy themselves on stage . CUT to : int . school lobby - late afternoon the rain come down a little stronger now on the stain glass window . malcolm sit on the stair in the lobby . Cole walk back and forth in front of he . Cole still hold the sword from the play . cole how come we be so quiet ? malcolm shrug he shoulder . malcolm I think we say everything we need to say . ( beat ) maybe it 's time to say thing to someone else ? someone close to you ? 103 . cole maybe . Cole keep move . beat. cole I be not go to see you anymore , be I ? malcolm do not respond for a while . he shake he head , " no . " beat . malcolm you be great in the play , Cole . cole really ? malcolm and you know what else ? cole what ? malcolm Tommy tammisimo suck big time . Cole smile huge . beat . Cole 's sword drag on the tile as he continue to circle around the hall . we get the idea he do not want to be still . cole ... maybe we can pretend we be go to see each other tomorrow ? Cole glance at malcolm . cole just for pretend . beat . malcolm exhales very slowly as he get up . malcolm okay , Cole , I be go to go now ... I will see you tomorrow . Cole watch as malcolm walk down the stair to the entrance . Cole stop move . cole ( soft ) see you tomorrow . 104 . malcolm 's face show he lose battle against he emotion . he do not turn to look back . CUT to : ext . car - late afternoon a rain -soak bridge . a two - lane road merge to one lane around a severe car accident . a rear-end car have jump the sidewalk and hit the guard rail of the bridge . the driver be help out by police . he 's shake but okay . Police flare guide the car as they crawl by . Lynn and Cole be stand still in bumper - to- bumper traffic . Lynn lean she chin on the steering wheel . she try to stare through the layer of water on the glass . she hit the windshield wiper . lynn I hope nobody get hurt . beat . Lynn glance over to Cole who sit in he seat silently . lynn you be very quiet . ( beat ) you be mad I miss the play , be not you ? Cole shake he head , " no . " lynn I have two job , baby . you know how important they be for we . beat . lynn I would give anything to have be there . cole I be ready to communicate with you now . beat. lynn communicate ? cole tell you my secret . the way he say the word give Lynn a chill . 105 . lynn what be it ? Cole take a long time . cole you know that accident up there ? lynn ( confuse ) yeah . cole someone get hurt . lynn they do ? cole a lady . she die . lynn oh my God . Lynn lean over the steering wheel . she wipe the windshield with she palm to see better . lynn you can see she ? cole yes . Lynn gaze out the windshield at the line of red tail light . beat . lynn where be she ? cole stand next to my window . a woman in her late forties , helmet cracked , hair matted with rain and blood , stand staring through cole's passenger window . Lynn look over slowly . she do not see anything outside he window . she eye Cole . lynn Cole , you be scare I . cole they scare I too sometimes . 106 . lynn they ? cole Dead people . lynn Dead people ? cole ghost . beat . lynn you see ghost , Cole ? cole they want I to do thing for they . lynn they talk to you ? Cole nod , " yes . " lynn they tell you to do thing ? Cole nod " yes " again . Lynn become upset . she nod with grave understanding . Cole watch she . cole what be you think , momma ? lynn ... I do not know . cole you think I be a freak ? Lynn 's eye move to Cole . lynn look at my face . Cole gaze at she intense expression . lynn I would never think that about you ever ... get it ? cole get it . beat . Cole smile a tiny smile . Lynn glance down . 107 . lynn just let I think for a second . she drown in she thought . beat . cole grandma say hi . Lynn look up sharply . cole she say she 's sorry for take the bumble bee pendant . she just like it a lot . lynn what ? cole grandma come to visit I sometimes . Lynn become still . her face be unreadable . when she speak , she word be extremely control . lynn Cole , that 's very wrong . grandma 's go . you know that . cole I know . beat . cole she want I to tell you -- lynn ( soft ) Cole , please stop . cole she want I to tell you , she see you dance . Lynn 's eye lock on Cole 's . cole she say when you be little , you and she have a fight right before you dance recital . you think she do not come to see you dance . she do . Lynn bring she hand to she mouth . 108 . cole she hide in the back so you would not see ... she say you be like a angel . Lynn begin to cry . cole she say , you come to she where they bury she . ask she a question ... she say the answer be " everyday . " Lynn cover she face with she hand . the tear roll out through she finger . cole ( whisper ) what do you ask ? beat . Lynn look at she son . she barely get the word out . lynn ( cry ) do I make she proud ? Cole move closer to Lynn . she cradle he in she arm . mother and son hold each other tight . we pull back from the windshield , back past the front bumper where the figure of the blooded woman stand staring at cole and he mother . we see a mangle bike pulled out from the rear -end car on the sidewalk . we move up and away from the rain - soaked bridge . CUT to : ext . malcolm' house - night malcolm walk quietly down the sidewalk towards he home . CUT to : int . live room - night malcolm enter the live room and smile at what he see . Anna be asleep in a chair . she 's curl up ina ball . ina way , she look like a little girl . they wedding video plays softly on the television . 109 . malcolm watch himself and Anna cut they wedding cake . the crowd applaud as they feed each other piece . malcolm turn from the television and take a seat next to Anna . he gaze upon he wife softly . malcolm ( whisper ) Anna , I have be so lose . ( beat ) I need my best friend . silence . malcolm gaze for a beat before look down . anna I miss you . malcolm 's eye move back up . he look at he sleep wife . anna's talking in her sleep . malcolm can not believe it . malcolm I miss you . beat . her lip move again . eye never open . anna why , malcolm ? malcolm what , Anna ? what do I do ? what 's make you so sad ? beat . anna why do you leave I ? malcolm I do not leave you . beat . she become silent . Anna fall back into deep sleep , she arm slide down . something shiny fall out and roll on the ground . malcolm 's eye watch as it come to a stop ... beat . he gaze curiously at a gold wedding band lay on the wood floor . confusion wash over he face . he look to Anna 's hand ... a identical gold wedding ring sit on she finger . beat . malcolm look down at he own hand ... he wedding ring be gone . 110 . malcolm be completely lose . he take a couple step back . look around in confusion ... his eye come to rest on the door to he basement office . he look in disbelief at the set of dead bolt lock on the door . malcolm do not know what the hell 's go on ... his eye be draw to the dining table ... only one place setting be out on the tabletop . his eye search again -- they finally lock on the wedding video playing . malcolm watch image of himself on the screen ... his eye fill with a storm of emotion ... malcolm look to Anna 's face and become very still . beat . close on anna ... till her sleeping face fill the frame ... it be now we notice for the first time , that anna's breaths be forming tiny cloud in the cold AIR . malcolm ( like he 's fall down a deep hole ) no ... slam CUT : flashback : int . bedroom - night violent gun shot ring through the bedroom . Anna rush across the room to a crumpled malcolm lay on the floor . malcolm 's hand be clutch at he side . Anna pries he hand away to reveal the tiniest tear in he shirt . Anna 's eye catch something dark -- move ... a pool of blood be forming under malcolm . she slowly turn he over on he side ... a horrific sight ... a enormous exit wound on he lower back pour out blood uncontrollably . malcolm 's jaw be lock open . his breath be long and strain . anna be scream , but her voice sound far away . malcolm 's open jaw release a long strain breath and then become silent . Anna try to cover the wound with she hand desperately . slam CUT : 111 . present : int . live room - night malcolm ( scream ) anna ! malcolm' voice shake the room . Anna just sleep . malcolm stagger back . his breathe erratic . he take a seat across from she . he look at he wife and suddenly become very still . Anna 's still curl up asleep , but tear be fall from she shut eye . beat . malcolm do not cry . Anna do not move , but she tear seem to fall a little faster . malcolm I think I have to go . malcolm 's mind be racing . malcolm ( realize ) I just need to do a couple of thing . ( beat ) and I need to tell you something . anna tell I . beat . malcolm you be never second ... ever . malcolm gaze at he wife . tear fall from both they eye . malcolm you sleep now , Anna . everything will be different in the morning . Anna lay still . anna goodnight , malcolm . 112. malcolm goodnight , sweetheart . the room fall into silence . malcolm sit still across from he wife . he drink she in with he eye . malcolm lean back in the chair . slowly close he eye . they close shut . we be tight on anna ... we see her soft breaths forming a tiny cloud in the cold AIR ... with each breath , they become less and less visible ... the room become less and less cold . soon her breaths aren't visible at all . she breathes gently , falling back into a peaceful sleep . we pull back to reveal Anna alone in the live room . the wedding video plays its last scene ... malcolm be at the microphone on the dance floor in front of all the guest . he's holding a glass of wine . malcolm ( on tape ) ... I think I have have too much to drink . malcolm smile as he take a sip . the guest chuckle as they watch . beat . malcolm ( on tape ) I just have to say , this day today have be one very special day ... I wish we all could stay and play . the crowd erupt in laughter . malcolm ( on tape ) what ? malcolm look around at everyone 's smile face . beat . malcolm take he time . he look just past the camera . malcolm Anna , I never think I would feel the thing I be feel . I never think I would be able to stand up in front of my friend and family and tell they what 's inside I ... today I can ... malcolm 's eye fill with water . 113 . malcolm ( softly ) Anna crowe ... I be in love . in love I be . fade to black : the end