pray for Dawn written by Stephen batchelor October 2011 copyright Stephen batchelor 2008 bigtroubleinlittlechina@bigpond.com 0437240934 fade in : int . guard shack ( cemetery ) - night steve sit at he desk , foot up , drink coffee and read a book between sip . a small television keep he company from a chair in the corner of the room . through the -- window -- headlight approach , and light up the driveway and gate . int . guard shack ( cemetery ) - night as Steve glance at the ever- worsen picture on the television , the same headlight light up he work station . annoy , he switch off the television and walk to the window . the sound of truck door open , and the crunch of footstep on gravel . Steve squint from the bright headlight , try to make out who it be . he shade he eye , and peer closer . the distinctive , but mute , sound of a metal gate be shaken . Steve grab he flashlight and step outside . ext . guard shack ( cemetery ) - night a large removal truck be park and two young man : BEN and trevor ( 20 ) hover beside the gate . steve Cemetery close at six . BEN yeah , we know . Ben reach over , pull at the lock , and grin . BEN can we come in ? steve no . pete open the gate . Ben slowly coil he finger around the bar . pete come on Steve . open the gate . steve how do you know my name ? BEN Steve , we do not have much time . come closer . he glare at Steve . Steve take a step forward . BEN let we in , okay ? Steve unlock and open the gate . pete that 's a good man . Pete grab Steve by the arm . pete I have someone that would like to meet you . they lead Steve to the rear of the truck , push he inside , and slam the door shut . int . back of truck - night in the darkness , six shadowy figure slowly close in on Steve . as he back himself up against the wall , a lone figure move in . Steve 's scream be drown out as the truck rumble to life . ext . cemetery - night deep within the dark cemetery , the truck stop beside a lone grave site . 3. the rear door open , five men get out with pick - axe and shovel , and begin to dig . a shovel swoops down and -- wipe into a -- ext . brisbane - morning a sprawling mass of steel and glass . int . mark apartment ( bedroom ) - morning a young woman , jami ( 22 ) , put on she clothes . MARK ( 25 ) , stir next to she , half asleep . MARK you know , unless it 's a one night stand , leave before the other half wake up could be consider rude . jami it 's Monday . MARK already ? sorry hun . do you want I to come with you ? I kind of get the feel you do not want I to meet you mother . she playfully punch he in the arm . frenzied clawing sound come from somewhere near the front door . Mark zip out into the -- SMALL hallway calvin , a totally freak - out little Boxer , desperately try to scratch he way out . MARK calvin ! stop that ! Mark swat he rump . calvin continue claw . MARK calvin ! as Mark reach down to pull he away from the door , calvin stop scratch , and growls very softly . MARK Cal ? calvin frantically claw at the door again . Mark quickly unbolt the door , and calvin run off . jami appear behind Mark . jami what be that all about ? MARK I do not know . he 's never do that before . jami must have a hot date ! jami look at she watch . jami okay , you have five minute to get dress if you want to come with I . MARK really ? jami yes ... but hurry , before I change my mind . MARK do I need to wear anything special ? jami Mark , she 's be dead for a year now . she will not mind what you wear . ext . cemetery - morning Mark sit next to jami in she van , as she slowly drive through the cemetery . he yawn , still not fully awake yet . int . jami be van ( moving ) - night jami I wonder where Steve be . MARK maybe he 's asleep . jami probably . let 's not keep mum wait . as they drive through the cemetery , the scenery become dominate by huge tree and bright green grass . they both turn and check out the gravestone they pass . jami casually turn back to face the windshield . jami shit ! jami slam on the break , and the van skid to a halt . MARK what be that ? on the -- road -- in front of they lie a skeleton in a long dress . clump of brownish hair cling to a shattered skull , and both leg and one arm be break off . on both side of the road scattered across the neatly trim grass be strewn fragment of skull , arm , leg , spine and hip . cemetery many headstone turn over , grave dig up and mound of earth everywhere . int . jami 's van - night Mark recoil in horror . MARK Jesus ! jami jump out of the van -- ext . cemetery - night -- and take of run through the cemetery . MARK ( v.o. ) jami , wait . Mark jump out of the van and chase after she . jami mum . jami 's run slow to a staggered walk as she take in what she be see . jami mum ? a handful of grave have be dig up , and headstone toss aside like cardboard prop . on the ground in front of she lie a corpse , that of a old woman . she lie break on the ground , with she a elegant dress darken by rotting flesh . the corpse itself lie mouth agape with one eye open . the flesh have be stripped from one arm . jami mum ? MARK do not look ! jami back away , soundless , deep within the throes of a silent cry / scream . Mark quickly grab hold of she as she leg go weak . her eye roll backwards , and she faint in shock . int . brookman house ( bedroom ) - day erik ( 58 ) , a police officer , stand at he bedroom window , soaking in the bright sunlight . he slowly button he shirt , get ready for the day , but seem distant , lose in think . he run he hand along the window ledge , check for dust . 7. the ledge be cake and the window have be nail shut with massive nail . Erik stop what he 's do and sniff the air . he quickly rush out of the bedroom , and downstairs into the -- kitchen -- where he scrape burnt egg into the trash bin , on top of a pile of other burnt stuff . Erik realize the time , and look at he watch . erik oh shit . he grab he brief case , kiss he finger , and -- erik ( to photo ) I will see you when I get home . -- gently touch a picture of he beautiful wife . she appear carefree and youthful . as Erik back down the drive , two mongrel dog run across the street . int . police station - day the usual frantic sound of a busy police station as Erik plow through the crowd , coffee protectively in hand . he come to rest at he desk . his partner , reece travis ( 40 ) , be on the phone . reece I have no idea . this reporter stop a pass cruiser . apparently the place be a mess , body everywhere . no , actually that 's the weird part , no coffin ... flick through he paperwork for the day , Erik spit coffee all over the place when he hear this . erik who be in the cruiser ? reece look up . reece um , hang on a second . Richards , I think . Erik jump on the phone . int . the courier four large desk spread across the room in various stage of disarray . several people rush around as jami enter the main door . with a fake half - smile , she barge straight into the -- editor' office -- where she take a deep , cleanse breath to steel up she nerve . walter style , blue goatee , red ponytail and Joe 90 spec 's . walter jami . Heard about you mother . it 's a pretty fuck situation I know but look , I find coffee fix everything . he hit the intercom , Sally answer . sally ( v.o. ) yes wally ? walter would you be a dear and bring in two coffee ? walter turn off the intercom , cut Sally off in mid - gripe . a fresh copy of the courier lay open on the desk in front of he . he pop a couple of vitamin pill , and push the paper across to jami . walter she 's gonna kill I with all of this keep - fit-shit ! free word of advice : never sleep with you secretary . hey , you see the front page yet ? it 's a grabber ! jami spin the paper so it face she . insert - newspaper it have skeleton on the page , plus the headline , " who be the body snatcher ? " beneath that , in smaller print : " jami yearwood 's shocking reveal this weekend " back to scene jami look shocked . jami the body snatcher ? walter , what the hell -- walter people who pick up a mag or tab look for someone to blame for all the crap in they life . a bad guy : Bin Laden , Jack the ripper ... jami do you think this , body snatcher 's will strike again ? walter he already have ! I get interested in this before last night , I give Google a work out . over the last two month the same thing happen at the dutton Park and bald Hills cemetery . miss body ... yada - yada . jami skim walter 's piece as she sip coffee . jami Christ . what 's go on with this city ? walter that 's what you be go to tell I . now it 's get all fuck up and personal for you , I want you to go all out and find this bastard ' body snatcher ' . jami Walt , you know this be not just one guy . no one can rip a cemetery up like that overnight by themselves -- 10 . walter maybe he 's really strong , like a superhero . maybe he drive around in a bobcat ? who the fuck know ! anyway , by narrowing it down to just the one weirdo will sell we more papers . evil , babe ... pure fuck evil ! jami superhero 's ? you wish . hey , do I get expense ? walter yes full , whatever you need ! this guy be go to be a total cash cow . jami I -- walter the. body . snatcher . now fuck the fuck off . jami turn and storm out of the office . ext . cemetery - night Erik sit in he car in front of the lock gate of the Cemetery . he check he watch . his car be litter with old scrap book with newspaper clipping . insert - newspaper clipping headline : " child miss " - " family miss " - " town 's folk disappear " - " vampire ... trick or treat ? " - " murder Plague town " ... the date range from 40 year ago . back to scene a torch shine in Erik 's face . greg can I help you ? Erik show he badge . greg oh. sorry . the torch beam lower . greg what can I do for you ? erik I be here earlier investigate the vandalism incident . greg the boss mention it when he call I in . I do not usually work Monday night . my wife pitch a fit . erik I bet she do . greg I hear the same thing happen at dutton Park a few week ago ... crazy world . erik crazy . greg do you want to take a look around ? I have get a extra flashlight ... erik no need for that . Erik scan the area . erik be there a lock on the door of you little house there ? greg yeah , why ? erik if anyone come to the gate tonight , man woman or child do not matter who , do not open you door . and if they attempt to open the gate themselves , please do not try to stop they . greg take a step away from Erik 's car . 11 . 12 . greg what be this , a joke ? erik it 's for you own safety sir , this people be dangerous . greg what 's you name ? erik whoever come tonight do not listen to anything they say -- greg Officer , I think you should go . he start walk to the guard shack . greg I be call you station ! erik please sir . remember what I have say . greg 's flashlight shake slightly as he speak . greg yeah , yeah ... greg disappear into he guard shack , and slam the door . erik please , please ... let I be wrong . Erik look over , concerned . start he car and slowly drive off . ext . STREET - day a young couple wander down a grubby street , the female be pregnant , they both look underf , and age beyond they year . a man , cutter , smile at they and signal toward a nearby alley , the couple quickly enter it . cutter slowly get to he foot and swagger off down the ally . 13 . a large man observe from the shadow across the street , when he see they walk down the ally he slowly make he way across the street towards they . the man run off with the woman follow close behind . they almost run into the dark figure . they look shocked , then ashamed as they quickly scurry away . cutter thank you , come again . he laugh to himself , and gather he stuff , about to leave . the dark figure step into the mouth of the ally . cutter look up , surprised . he cover he eye as the shadow figure slowly stride toward he . father abel stonestreet ( 60 ) . cutter this be not you ally friend , best you turn around before I make you . abel how long have you be deal heroin to Peter and he wife , cutter ? cutter shit ! look like I lose the bet . abel Bet ? cutter the boy and I have a bet go , to see how long it would take you to stick you nose in . want a piece of the action . let 's face it Stony , you could not protect you own family . like you can not protect this loser -- abel I be go to give you one chance , if I find you deal in my area to my people again I will - cutter you will what ? you play by a new set of rule now . do unto other or some such shit ... 14 . abel grab cutter shoulder and smashes he with a head butt , split the dealer 's nose , and cover he face with blood . cutter topple like a tree , and crack the back of he head hard on the pavement . abel it 's more of a guideline ... abel kneel next to he , and wipe cutter 's fresh blood off he own forehead . abel if I ever see you scum- bag - ass around here again , friend , I will kill you . leon hey ! Father stonestreet ! a small boy in blue jeans , leon ( 12 ) , run excitedly up to abel , hold on to a large pizza box . abel hey , Leon . what be you do out of school ? abel stand , dabbing at cutter blood still on he forehead . leon I have to take care of June . dad do not come home last night . abel where do he go ? leon out . he be play card for a little while with aunt Mary ... but that be last night . abel do you go around to he work today ? Leon nod he head , glum . abel ruffle he hair abel be you and June okay ? leon yes Father . 15 . abel you dad leave some money for you ? leon there 's some in the top drawer . I get pizza ! be that man okay ? abel look down at cutter . he seem to be come to . abel yes , he just have a fall . I be take care of he . you would better get back home and give June she pizza before it go cold . hurry now , I 'il pop by later this evening ... before it get dark . Leon skip off . abel drag the semi-conscious man to he foot . abel I do not want to see anyone deal around here ever again . get it ? cutter yes . cutter tremble like a leaf as he cough up some blood . abel the only reason you be alive cutter be so you can warn the other , do you understand ? cutter spit at abel as he get into he car . cutter watch you back . int . church - day abel sit in the rear of the church , inside he sparse , student - style live quarter . the only bit of colour come from the crayon drawing on blank white wall . seemingly content , abel drink some water from the small sink . the creak of a open , then close door emit from the church . abel go out to investigate . at the -- 16 . altar -- a eighteen year old man , jake , stare at the stain glass window . abel Jake ? Jacob harvey ? good God , how you have grow ! please sit down . its be too long . jake I would almost forget what it look like . abel nod , and eye the young man with intrigue . abel you come to see I for a reason ? jake maybe . both man share a silent moment as Jake try to formulate . jake have Kelly drop by ? abel elliot ? no ... why ? jake she 's pregnant , and now she 's go . even she crazy mother do not know where she be . abel nod he head , listen . jake I go by the cop this morning and talk to the miss person 's guy . he say she have to be go for longer ... abel be pregnant , she 's probably afraid to face she mother -- jake who would not be ! she 's completely nut and will totally kill I when she find out . 17 . abel we will pop by and see she together . maybe Mrs. elliot will refrain from bloody murder if I be by you side . but ... do not count on it ... ext . apartment build - day on the front step a thin brown mongrel dog sleep . several window be open , but the building seem unnaturally silent . halfway up the step , Jake turn to abel . abel what be it ? jake something 's wrong . abel come on . abel take another step and the dog 's head instantly raise . its eye burn . jake Father . the dog stand and bare its tooth with a low , vibrate growl . abel who 's dog be this ? Jake shrug . abel move forward again , and the dog crouch , like he 's about to leap . abel he 's not go to let we inside . come on , let try another way . they run out the door to a -- alleyway -- and find a door that lead to the basement . Jake kick the door in . abel give he a intense stare . he shrug . they descend the basement step , and wind up in the basement . 18. int . basement - day abel and Jake try to focus in the murky light . although , they can see vague shape : mound of papers , old television , a few old chair and what look like roll up carpet and shower curtain . they cross the room , and climb some wooden stair . int . entrance hall - day they come out of a doorway , and spot the sleep dog on the step . the front door be behind the dog . they quietly climb the main -- tenement stair -- talk in low voice as they go . jake it 's quiet in here . abel I be think the same thing . int . FOURTH floor - day abel and Jake quietly step into the fourth floor hallway . the light be dim , and they can barely make out some of the open apartment door - many have deep scratch on they . int . tenement stair - day as they move up another floor to the fifth level , abel stop to look at some new graffiti . insert - graffiti " all for the master " int . tenement stair - day abel touch the big brown letter , rub between he thumb and fore finger he quickly sniff it . 19 . abel this be blood . they go another couple of step , and exit onto the fifth floor landing . int . fifth floor ( hallway ) - day they walk down the hall , and peer into one of the open -- apartment -- door . it 's a total wreck ! bit of shattered mirror on the floor ; on the wall above the bed , write in blood : insert - graffiti " all for the master " apartment newspaper stick all over the bedroom window reduce the light to a pale haze . Jake and abel enter . Jake rip the newspaper off . he open a window for some much need fresh air . something move in the room . Jake and abel share a puzzle look . the sound of cloth as it rub against cloth rise again . Jake stare at the bare mattress . the noise rise once again and he quickly figure out where it 's come from . jake Father . Jake move to the bed . jake help I move this . they push the bed aside and under it be a oddly shape cocoon of bed sheet wrap tightly around what might be a two head man . abel I think we better call the police . 20 . Jake continue to tear even more frantically at the sheet . Gray hair and a pale forehead , plus a second scalp . this one , however , with dark hair . Jake tear the sheet free from they face . it 's a man and he son . they face be white - drain . abel reach down and feel for heartbeat . jake they be dead , be not they ? why do they look like that ? abel I do not know . Jake stand . as he do , a shard of white sunlight fall across the man face . abel what 's happen here ? behind they something rustle . they turn to see the man move he leg within the sheet . his foot push against the floor , he arm tightly lock around he son . his grey lipped mouth twitches , as if he be about to scream . jake he 's not dead ! abel Jake , get out ! now ! abel watch the man open he mouth and make a hideous , anguish moan that sound like a low wind blow through tree . his leg push frantic now and manage in a brief moment to squirm back under the bed . they twitch a few time then lay still . abel cross the room to the closet and open it . at the bottom be a pile of old newspaper and clothes . abel stare for a few moment , and then prod it with he foot . something move . he shift uneasily , and slam the door shut . hurries out to where Jake wait . 21 . abel all right , now we get the police . ext . apartment build - day people cluster around the outside of the apartment building , police barrier already in place . Erik and reece pass two paramedics with a stretcher . on top , be a woman with a white sheet up to she chin , which match the colour of she skin . her body writhes in agony as the sun hit she face . it contort hideously , but no sound emit from she mouth . the woman be quickly load into one of the wait ambulance . reece be not this suppose to be corpse ? God , what 's wrong with that woman ? int . build entrance - day Erik flash he badge at a nearby officer . erik where 's teal ? officer third floor , captain . a small form in the corner of the entrance hall catch he eye . it 's a dead dog , with a bullet hole in its head . int . apartment build ( third floor ) - day they enter a apartment where teal be speak with abel and Jake . erik I be Captain brookman . what do you have ? teal motion they away from the civilian . 22 . as Erik do so , he shoe crunch on glass . he look down , and realize he step on shard of a break mirror . teal Father abel stonestreet and Jake harvey find the first body . so far we have pull thirty nine of they out of closet and from under bed . they be roll up in shower curtain , rug and sheet . teal double - check to see if anyone be listen . teal Problem be , and this sound crazy I know but ... erik go on . teal the medics have confirm there be no vital ... but the hell of it be they just keep on move ! some kind of a freakish muscle reflex ? trick of rigor mortis ? Erik close he eye briefly , he hand rise up to he forehead . erik any type of wound , trauma on they body ? teal I check a couple on my arrival , see some cut , bruise . that 's about it . erik no . that 's not all . another stretcher go by . it 's occupant have the same pale face as the first one . teal Sir ? erik nothing . I be think out loud . where be the body be take ? 23 . teal Royal brisbane . it 's the nearest with the facility to handle this many stiff . probably go to have to get the ses , bring a cold truck in anyway . what do you think Captain ? Disease ? poison ? or something really out there , cult - like ? erik not sure . just keep it to yourself . we do not want to start a panic . have the coroner arrive yet ? teal yes sir , upstairs ... shall I go get she ? erik sure , I would like a minute or two with you witness first . teal nod and leave the apartment , close the door behind he . Erik survey the room , then the two man on the other side . erik gentlemen , I be Captain brookman . I have a few question -- abel we have already give we statement . erik I know , and I be sorry to have to ask you to go over it again . Erik walk past they , take a quick look into the bedroom . erik what do you think happen here , Father ? abel I have no idea . Jake and I come look for Mrs. elliot , who life ... live on the fifth floor . we find the building just as it be now . 24 . jake I want to get out of here . I cant stand this place . erik a little longer okay ? you see the body . be they dead or alive ? jake Dead . erik sergeant teal tell I thirty nine body have be find . how many people live in this building ? abel I would say a good fifty ... sixty . abel shake he head . erik not all the apartment be occupy ? erik thank you . abel what do you think happen to this people , officer ? Erik leave the room without say a word . in the -- hallway -- outside , Erik lean heavily against a wall , rack he brain . teal and a female , dr . laddy ( 45 ) , approach . teal Captain ? this be Dr. laddy . they shake hand as another stretcher go past . Erik catch a glimpse of the body again but look away quickly . dr . laddy Captain , I have never see or hear of anything like this there 's no pool of blood , no rigor mortis ... ( more ) 25 . DR. laddy ( cont 'd ) but , somehow the body be completely cool . I prick the finger of one of they , and do you know what come out ? nothing . Erik listen . his worst fear realize . dr . laddy they have be totally exsanguinated but there 's no sign of haemorrhaging . I have call a colleague in from the North side , to see if he can make any sense of it . a second perspective might help . erik nothing can help . its too late . we have get to leave all of they here and burn this whole building to the ground with they inside , right now . abel and Jake stand in the doorway and watch Erik start to lose it . even a uniform officer halfway down the corridor notice . erik what be you all look at ? you have see the body ! they be reacting to sunlight ! they can sweep through a whole building in less than one night ! how long do you think it will take they to do this to whole street ? we have to burn this building to the ground and kill they , because when this ... this body wake up they be go to be thirsty ! you can not take they to the Hospital ! you can not let they get out into the street ! a hand grip he shoulder and spin he around . reece Captain , come with I . let go get some coffee , okay ? he jerk free and push reece back . he turn to abel. 26 . erik you ! you of all people should recognise the evil that 's creep up on this city ! God in heaven , cant you feel it in there ? tell they not to let this thing wake up ! abel be unsure at what he should say . erik Father , please do not let the vampire loose on the street ! tell they we have to burn the body ! reece try to guide Erik toward the stair . erik do not take they to the hospital . burn they . burn they all . reece come on Erik , take it easy . abel stare at they as they head off down the stair . int . hospital morgue - night a frustrated doctor consult chart after chart , and shake he weary head . he start to prep yet another body for a autopsy . in the background table after table of body cover in sheet . he concentrate , about to make the first incision . a noise startles he . in the background every sheet cover body sit up . ext . MARK ' apartment - night jami yearwood walk through the -- front door -- which be open slightly . jami Mark ? you home ? 27 . silence - she step into the dark room , feel along the wall until she find the light -switch and turn it on . the live room be a complete and utter wreck . jami Mark ? jami quickly move down the -- hallway -- to he bedroom . the door be close . she open the door , step into the -- bedroom -- and reach around for the light -switch , but can not find it . on the other side of the half open door , Mark 's dog snarl at she . jami jump back . the dog be hunch low to the floor , ready to leap . jami calvin ? it 's I boy , it 's jami . where 's Mark ? the dog tilt its head as if he hear something , and leap right past she , and down the hallway . jami hear a muffle noise on the other side of the room . she reach for the light switch , and find it this time . the bed sheet be miss , but everything else seem okay . something grip she around she ankle . startle she look down and see a claw - like hand . jami scream , and kick like crazy , until she get she ankle free . the noise start up again . she stagger against the bedroom wall as a shape wrap in bed sheet writhes its way out . as it work itself free , she can see that 's it 's -- jami Mark ! 28 . the sheet slip off . Mark stand with he eye blaze . he lick he lip with a black tongue . MARK jami ... as Mark step toward she , a quick tongue flick across he thirsty lip . jami turn and run for the door . Mark 's hand grab she blouse , but the sleeve just tear . ext . mark apartment - night jami make it out into the courtyard . over by jami 's car , other figure lurk amongst shadow . face grin light up by the spotlight outside . jami dare not look back . Mark launch himself at she . she hit the ground with a loud smack . Mark , on top of she now , grip she by the hair and force she head back . jami no Mark ! please ! MARK ssshhhhhh ... it 's okay . suddenly , Mark be lift up and throw off of she , only to be replace by a very large man whose face be more terrifying then mark . he lean over jami . his fang bare , and move closer to she throat . Mark grip the man by he throat , and haul he off . jami get to she foot as the two vampire fight and snap at each other like rabid animal . jami turn and run for she life . she turn she head toward a rustling sound in the bush . it 's a woman in a glittery dress . jami dive into she car , and quickly roll the window up . 29 . int / ext . car ( moving ) - day as Jamie drive off , the woman claw at the windshield and hammer it with she fist . jami accelerate , and the woman roll over the roof , off the back , and land on she foot . ext . car ( moving ) - day the woman chase after jami , although she soon give up . jami speed through several block before she pull over . horn blow as car swerve to miss she . jami be a emotional wreck . suddenly a soft tap on the window . a face stare down at she . jami what the fuc -- policeman license please , miss . int . brookman house - lounge - night Erik pick at he dinner , he hand shaking slightly . he look at a picture of he wife , take another small bite , then look away again . int . dan' apartment ( bedroom ) - night kyeema oliver ( 33 ) , read in bed . her husband , dan , sleep next to she . she put she book down in mid-yawn . suddenly , the smash of glass , and a loud , pierce scream . she leap out of bed , and go straight to the window . tries to see what 's go on . there be another scream , but this time its cut short mid - scream . she run back to Dan and shake he . dan Jesus ... what be it ? 30 . kyeema something serious be happen next door , I hear scream . Dan sit up in bed . dan probably just shagging . remember last week -- kyeema I know what fuck shagging sound like . but I do not think reece and tilly be play kinky cop tonight ... a shrill stop kyeema in she track . she rush back to the -- window -- and see two shape in the back yard , a man attack a SMALL girl . kyeema ( 0.s. ) Dan , Dan ! someone 's in we back yard and he 's hurt megan ! ext . dan' apartment - night we can not make out the facial feature of the man , who be all over the little girl . the floodlight come on , and the back door fly open . Dan rush up with a baseball bat in he hand . dan get off she . no response . kyeema look down from the upstairs window , and frantically bang on it to get Dan 's attention . dan I will crack you skull in if you do not get the fuck off she now ! as Dan get closer , the scene look very wrong . 31 . it 's not the man who be attack the girl . it 's the girl who be attack , and drain blood , from he . she somehow manage to hold he up . Dan realize it 's she father - reece ! dan reece ? megan ? what in god name ... megan drop she father ; he fall like the dead weight he be . she turn and move toward Dan at lightning speed . before he can react , she bring he down hard on he back . she squat on he chest , grab the bat and throw it toward the house . megan hiss , and lean in for the kill . dan megan , no , no ! a scream tear through the night as kyeema sprint out of the house like usain bolt . within second , she have the bat , and take a almighty swing at megan . she connect beautifully with megan 's little head . crack ! the same sound of a home run shot in the World Series . megan fly backwards off Dan , and hit the ground very hard . kyeema help Dan to he foot and they scramble to the safety of the -- intercut : courtyard / apartment Dan and kyeema watch from inside as she click she dislocate neck back into place . Dan creep over to the door . kyeema grab a hold of he , and pull he to the floor . megan be right at the back door . she tap on the window , and slowly scratch on the door . kyeema look up . 32 . kyeema go away megan . please go away ! dan go home , megan ! now . there be a few beat of silence . kyeema shake with fear . Dan in shock . both of they be too scared to even breathe . they wait for another sound from megan . int . lair - night we slowly drift through a room softly light by candle . a thin shape sit in the semi darkness . rolland marmerchant . his frame be obscure by a robe and a hood . Red eye glow beneath the hood . as a tall , bald , muscular man , stitch , stand in the doorway . he bow and enter . rolland Mr. stitch . stitch we grow stronger every night . rolland soon my name will be write in the history of a new world . we world . stitch thing be change rapidly master . we existence will not remain secret for too much longer . rolland we no longer have anything to fear . it 's time to step from out of shadow . show this human who the true dominant species on earth really be ... a grin spread over stitches face . 33 . rolland we shall carve we legend into the annal of the new race . in my name . stitch in you name . rolland 's smile quickly fade . rolland do you have any more news from the border to the south ? stitch nothing yet , but I do not predict any threat . House rancall be govern by fool . rolland agreed but I hear rumour ; a power shift . we can not afford to underestimate any thing , not now . stitch I will double the border patrol . rolland very well , I shall leave it in you capable hand . int . jami be apartment ( bedroom ) - day jami toss uneasily in the bed of she small , studio apartment . a packet of sleep pill and bottle of vodka on the bedside table tell she story . she murmur Mark 's name , then let out a faint whimper . int . abel be room - day abel splashes water onto he face , and go to the single window of he room . he open it , and inhale a lung full of air . his eye widen as he spot the alley wall across the way . insert - alley wall in blood red write , the word , '' follow the master . '' 34 . back to scene abel stare hard at the message for a few second . thoroughly shake , he turn from the window , and get dress . int . erik' house - day Erik pull a can of black spray paint out of a paper bag . he shake it and spray on the front side of he open front door , a large black crucifix above the word : '' beware — vampire killer ! '' int . jake' apartment ( hallway ) - night a young woman , kelly ( 24 ) , stand outside Jake 's apartment door . she knock . Movement inside , but no one answer . she knock even harder . kelly Jake ! open the door ! its I ! jake Kelly ? Jake step to the door , unlock and throw it open . instantly she leap forward into he arm and bury she face into he shoulder . jake Kelly ! I have be go crazy look for you ! kelly do not say anything , please . just hold I . tight. tighter . jake you be freezing . where have you be ? God , I be so glad to see you . kelly do not talk . just make I warm . she lift she head back , she eye a unnatural yellow . 35 . kelly make I warm . her mouth open and she fang slide out . jake no ! he push she away and take step backward . he trip and crack he head on the edge of a table . kelly Jake . I have come back for you . I have come back . jake get away ! kelly we can be together forever . jake no ! kelly yes , forever and ever . Jake scream and thrust he arm out try to sustain he life for a few brief moment more . Kelly catch he right arm , grin and sink she tooth into a vein on he wrist . when she be finish she let he arm drop to the floor . kelly now we will be together for always . we will always be young ... and we will always be in love . sleep my precious , sleep . she gather the sheet off the unmade bed and wrap he up . she then drag Jake into the closet , pile a few papers and card board box around he and close the door . int . lair ( room ) - night stitch stand in front of a large fireplace . his feature can hardly be recognize from the blaze of the fire . rolland enter . 36 . rolland my favourite pupil . my army grow . yes ? stitch Close to one hundred and fifty thousand , master . rolland we need more . and quick , we only have once chance before we lose the element of surprise . stitch master , we double in strength every night -- rolland I want a orgy of hunger ! a celebration of power unlike any this or any planet in the history of time have ever see . let they run amok and take as many as they can . rolland shut he eye . when he open they again , they be as bright as blast furnace . int . jami be apartment - day a gentle knock - knock on she front door . the blind be draw and the door have a solid chair propped up against it . half empty cup of coffee and bottle of alcohol be spread everywhere . jami , wrap in blanket on the couch , and watch white noise on the television . someone knock on the front door . she ignore it and turn down the hiss on she screen . the knock stop briefly , then start up again . jami damn it ! she jump up and shout through she close door . jami who be it ? 37 . erik ( 0.s. ) erik. Captain brookman from -- jami what do you want ? a tear piece of paper slide under the door . erik ( 0.s. ) you help . please , come round to my home later . I really need to speak to you . ext . erik' house - day Erik close the door behind jami , and lock it . erik thank you . please take a seat . can I get you -- jami coffee , please . Erik go into the kitchen . jami scan the room . she raise a eyebrow at the clearly nail shut window . jami what 's with the window ? erik I will explain when the priest get here . jami a priest ? what be this , a shotgun wedding ? a knock at the door . Erik re-enter the room , smirk at she humour , and open the front door to father abel stonestreet . erik come in , Father . thank you for come . jami stare at he as he enter . erik Father stonestreet , this be reporter jami yearwood . 38 . he shake jami 's hand . she glance at the nail shut window . abel please , call I abel . now Captain , I would like to know why you call I . there must be a dozen Catholic church within a twenty kilometre radius of here . erik I call because I think you would understand the gravity of the situation . you be there . you see the body . abel the vampire ? there be many evil in the world . drug dealer , child beater , homicidal maniac , rapist . I think we both have more than enough work Captain without invent any more . erik open you mind , Father . jami I have see they too . he be not crazy . abel miss ? jami I have see they . the officer be right . they do exist . erik please Father , sit . abel how can you be so sure ? erik the sign be everywhere , this be not the first time this have happen , just not on this scale . abel why have not we see anything in the news ? 39 . erik because they be careful . this have be go on for decade ; century , even . if a small country town disappear , who will notice , let alone care ? abel brisbane be not a country town . erik which mean that something big be happen . jami how come you know all of this other stuff ? Erik drop a huge scrap book on the table in front of they . erik this be my mother . for the longest time I think my mother be crazy . she shot my father in the face the night we move to the city . abel good lord . erik when I get older I have she put in a home , she be always rambling about the shadow outside at night , and thing come to get she . she have even nail the window shut . abel and jami swap glance . erik after she die I find this scrapbook , and six other like it , fill with news clipping about miss people , small township where every resident just upped and apparently leave ... plain disappear . 40 . jami can not we tell someone ? my paper eat this type of stuff for breakfast , it would be a nice change for it to actually be real . erik we do not have time . abel so how do you kill a vampire ? erik stake to the heart , sunlight and decapitation seem to be the only thing that kill they . abel you have kill a vampire then ? erik yes ... my wife . Jamie and abel exchange look . they be trap in a house with a murderer who be clearly agitate , obsessive , and possibly psychotic . erik Father , jami , we all know that evil remain constant , if they do exist and they feel strong enough to take we on . they could attack in the hope it will be too late for we to fight back . jami Jesus . Erik toss a small local map on the table along with a few photo 's . erik there be a network of cave under this factory in and around this area . I have do some scout . I believe they be use this factory and enter the cave from there . would you be willing to go with I ? 41 . abel if by some devilish way you be right , I have to stay and work out a way to protect the member of my parish . Erik remove a cardboard box fill with short wooden stake . erik you be a good man Father , you always have be . you have to do what you feel be the right thing to do , thank you for you time . abel I hope you be wrong . but if you be not , God be with you . erik and may he be with you too . Erik open the front door for he and he head to he car without look back . the wind whistle down the street . a large german shepherd sleep on the front step of the house directly opposite . Erik eye it nervously and shut and lock he front door . jami I would like to go with you . erik thank you miss yearwood but I warn you , this be not for the weak heart . jami I know . now let 's go ! int / ext . dan be car - day Dan pace back and forth between he car and front door . dan damn it , kyeema ! kyeema charge out of the front door with bag in hand . kyeema what 's the problem ? 42 . dan we be go to miss the plane . kyeema I be go as fast as I can . Dan grab she bag and throw they into the back of the car . they both get inside the vehicle . kyeema I be make something for you . she reach into she pocket and pull out something wrap in tissue paper and tie with a rubber band . dan what be it ? kyeema it keep evil away . you must always carry it in you pocket . Dan nod , slip it inside he jacket , and start the car . dan how about yours ? kyeema sit quietly as Dan drive off . dan you do make one for yourself , do not you ? kyeema no . you want I to hurry . Dan dig in he coat pocket . dan keep this one then . kyeema grab he wrist firmly . kyeema no Daniel . it will not work for I . it have a few strand of you hair -- watch where you be friggin- well - go ! Dan look back to the road as a porsche tear past he in the opposite direction . they take the airport exit , and traffic slow to a almost stop . 43 . dan we be go to be fine . we will get ourselves a room at a nice resort on the beach and lay out in the sun for a week . kyeema what 's go to happen to this people ? dan I do not know ... just want to get as far away from here , as soon as possible . kyeema how will we know if any place be ever far enough away ? Dan do not really hear , as he see the highway become nothing but a parking lot . dan no , no , no ! kyeema what time be it ? dan almost four . shit ! we be go to miss we plane . kyeema but ... they come out when it 's dark -- dan I know ! you have not shut up about they since last night ! Dan punch the steering wheel . kyeema well up . dan I be sorry ... kyeema nod but do not look at he . Dan peer out a window . dan do you know where I would like to be right now ? a beach in maldive . how would you like that ? 44 , kyeema yes ... int / ext . erik be car - day now dusk , jami and Erik sit in Erik 's knacker car ina side street , neither one impressed with they current predicament . erik damn . have a service only last week . jami we could make a run for it . erik I do not know . we be a good seven , eight block . be that a bit too far ? it grow steadily darker outside . jami what about the other house ? erik maybe but do you see any light on ? how do we know we be not step into a nest full of vampire ? my house be protect . this be just invite invasion . jami be you suggest we just sit here ? erik we can not . it 's nearly dark . jami make they mind up , and hop out of the car . Erik quickly join she and they move toward some dark shape on the right hand side of the street . a two -story house with no light on materialize through the darkness . Erik almost step on the corpse of a young girl , push into the gutter . Erik pull a horrify jami along and they rush to the front door . 45 . erik stay close . int / ext . abandoned house - night Erik turn the front door handle , it open , and they quickly enter and Erik slam the door shut , bolt it behind he . erik we should be safe here . Erik scan the area . jami what if we be not alone ? Erik shout up the stair . erik hello ! anyone home ? Erik take he gun out of he holster and walk into a short -- hallway -- where a flight of stair lead up to a -- second floor they step into the landing , and huddle close . erik anyone here ? no reply . he put he gun away and return to the -- live room Erik turn to jami , a worried look on he face . erik I think we be alone . and that be exactly where they want we . 46 . jami what ? in this house ? erik trapped . all of we . everyone in this curse city . int . church - night many people huddle inside the church . the Father stand guard at the front door , and look for more people . occasionally a figure move way off in the distance . he have a brainwave and turn to Leon . abel Leon . Leon look up . there be fear in he face . leon yes , Father . abel you know where the staircase to the bell tower be , do not you ? leon yes . abel I want you to climb to the tower , and crack open the shutter up there , you will see the handle . then I want you to take the rope that hang down and pull on it as hard as you can . the bell may lift you off you foot , but that 's all right , you will come down again . just do not let go of the rope , and keep ringing the bell . can you do that ? Leon nod excitedly at the important mission . int . dan oliver' mercede - night Dan and kyeema still stick in a parking lot of a highway . 47 . dan we can not stay here . I know it 's dark , but we have to go . kyeema go where ? dan anywhere but here ! kyeema you do not have to yell . dan kyeema , I be sorry , but we can not just wait in the dark to die . kyeema what about all this other people ? dan they be not we problem . that exit lead back to town , we be close enough to walk . int . red tenement build - night abel enter the tenement , and he bang on the first door . abel Charlie ! get you wife and child ! you be go to have to come to the church with I ! ext . highway - night as Dan and kyeema move in and out of traffic , they find fewer and fewer car run with less and less people in they . dan I have get a bad feel about this . kyeema I too , let 's run . dan can you hear that bell ringing ? they jog down a off ramp when Dan hear a rumble in the distance . 48 . he look over he shoulder and see headlights move quickly toward they . motorcycle , fifteen or twenty of they . Dan wave they down . dan hey ! over here ! kyeema wait Dan . I do not think ... the biker light turn toward they and as they pass under the streetlight it show the biker pale face , with a mouthful of killer fang . Dan grab kyeema to make they escape , but the biker be on top of they . one biker lash out and land a well - time boot into Dan 's rib cage and he hit the ground fight for breath . kyeema be so petrify she cannot even scream . stitch hellloooo ! Dan roll over in agony and he see the blue goatee , red ponytail of walter , who not only ride a hog but be now a vampire walter there be not very much to this one . butch stitch ! you say I get the next . walter jerk he head back and suddenly rub and blink he eye . walter Holy shit , what be that ! my eye be fuckin ' on fire ! walter leap off and back away from Dan . walter he 's get something on he clothes ... garlic or something . gaaaah , I can not see . 49 , stitch forget he . he will be dead soon enough . walter God , if I do not die first , I can see the front page now . stitch come on lady , saddle up . he turn to Dan . stitch I be take you woman with I . I will be keep she nice and warm , you just lay there and think about that , okay ? as the glow from the biker headlight fade into the darkness , Dan painfully get to he foot . the bell still sound , as he slowly make he way down the off ramp . int . red tenement build - night now a long human chain of people , all age , shape and size . abel brief before he lead they back to the church . still the Bell chime in the background . abel listen , all of you ! we be go to follow the sound of the bell back to the church . everyone grab the shoulder of the person in front of you and hold on tight ! people look scared and mutter among themselves . abel do not be afraid , just hold on tight ! as long as we stay together we will be fine . the line of people exit the front door and out to the -- street a deathly scream pierce the night , and then fade away . abel keep move ! 50 . alvin Mrs. mandell be go ! something pull she out of the chain ! abel Holy God in heaven ... another scream fade into the distance . mary Fiona !? what happen ' to my little girl ? fioonnnaaaaaa ! the woman try to leave the chain . abel hold on to she ! keep go ! a female figure run in front of he , and flash a huge set of fang . she grin , and just as quick as she appear , she disappear . suddenly another scream sound out from the back of the chain . abel faster ! come on keep move ! Movement and dark shape seem to flit all around they . abel we be here ! abel feel Alvin 's hand let go of he shoulder . abel turn and see that Alvin and he wife have go . they daughter stand there shaking . he grab she hand and usher the remain people inside the -- church -- where he usher they into a far corner . abel John , go up to the tower and take over the bell from Leon . keep ringing until I send someone else up . 51 . he pick up a heavy brass crucifix and quickly walk back to the front door and out into the -- STREET abel be about to enter another building , when a voice cry out . JUNE Father stonestreet ! help I ! he look up at a grey building . on the second floor , a little girl face peer from a window pane . a hand pull she back away from the window . int . grey build - night abel look around , try to get he bearing . abel June ? its Father stonestreet ! where be you ? muffled sob come from behind a nearby door . he bust in , crucifix still in hand , she be stand in the corner , bare foot and dark ring under she eye . abel oh my . thank God I have find you . he bend down and pick 's she up . her arm hang limply . abel be you all right ? JUNE yes . thank you Father . abel June , where be the bad man who take you ? her eye grow wide and she stare past abel . cutter behind you . abel place June down and turn to face he . abel stay behind I , June . 52 . cutter grin , he fang slide out of he upper and lower jaw . cutter everything old be new again . like the new look ? abel hoist the crucifix , cutter raise he hand in mock fear . abel I warn you cutter . dealer you do realize crucifix do not hurt we ? Dealer move very quickly toward abel , who stand he ground . abel swing the crucifix in a large , vicious arc as though it be a bat . it rip cutter 's head clean off , and roll into a corner . his body crumple to the floor at abel 's foot . abel you be say ? the body wither to a husk . ext . church - night abel carry June in he arm and rush to the front door of the church . a hand lunge out of the darkness grab stonestreet 's shoulder . in one twist fluid movement stonestreet grab the hand , set June down and swing around pull what 's attach to the hand toward he for a beat . the face of Dan Oliver appear in front of stonestreet , tired , daze and confuse . dan no , do not . please ... help I ! int . lair ( room ) - night rolland survey the map of the city , spread out over the large heavy table . 53 . stitch be on he right , and hagen on he leave . stitch I have have report from the north and the south . they be all panic , try to escape . rolland be they stop ? stitch mostly . but we -- rolland be they stop ? stitch we need more troops to patrol the city . rolland no escape , no survivor , no excuse . do you understand ? I want that gap fill . stitch immediately , master . rolland good . and rider , how many do we command now ? stitch thirty five hundred . another fifteen hundred will be ready tomorrow night . rolland we be so close Mr. stitch . it 's time to sleep , and sleep well . rolland watch stitch leave but hagen stay put . rolland yes ? hagen shall I feed the dog ? rolland no , not yet . just make sure they be out at sunrise . rolland 's attention fall back to the map , mesmerize . 54 . int . abandoned house - night Erik sit at the kitchen table , a bowl of fruit in front of he . he chew on a apple . jami have she head in the fridge . jami so , what happen at dawn . erik what do you mean ? jami the vampire go crawl to they coffin or whatever , what about we ? what do we do ? Erik be silent for a moment . erik we must finish what we start . jami why brisbane ? why not somewhere important like canberra ? erik I be not sure , but imagine a city of vampire . if they take brisbane , what 's to stop they take the whole country , city by city ... State by state . jami how be we go to get to the master ? erik I do not know . jami I be go to try to get some sleep . God know I need it . jami get up and head for the stair . she make she way up the stair and open the door of the first room on the top landing . it be a bedroom . she spot a couple of pillow on the bed , but the blanket have be kick off the bed . 55 . she grab both pillow and turn to walk back out . as she reach the door of the bedroom , something click in she brain . jami ( sotto ) oh shit . the sheet be miss . she turn back and scan the room , something shift heavily , plus the noise of cloth be rip . jami oh no . Erik ! the wardrobe door slowly swing open and a cocoon shape writhes out from inside . jami nooooo ! a body tumble out of the wardrobe , a grey haire man , he leg still wrap in a bed sheet . he look up at jami , and give she a warm grandfatherly smile . jami back cautiously out of the bedroom . a woman 's head pop out of a cocoon under the bed . jami scream . she boogy down the stair , but the grey haire vampire be just too quick . he grab she by the hair and jerk she back . she lose she balance and fall back , land at he foot . Erik stand at the foot of the stair . the vampire crawl on top of jami and have he fang fraction from she throat . the vampire look up , seem to sense something be not right . Erik jam a stake through he mouth and the tip breach the very back of he skull . the vampire reel back and struggle to rip the stake from he head . the female vampire appear at the top of the stair and help she partner pull the stake out . 56 . with a grunt she manage to dislodge it and drop it onto the floor . they share a look and run into the room they come from . a crash as splinter wood and glass blast on to the street as they jump out the window and off into the night . Erik and jami watch as the two figure slip off into the night . erik sorry , my fault . I should have check more thoroughly . be you all right ? jami let I get my breath back , okay ? Erik walk down the stair . erik good . let 's check the whole house . they go toward the basement door . jami how long until sunrise ? erik five hour or so . int . church - day abel check on Dan , huddle on a pew with a blanket wrap around he shoulder . dan Father , do a woman come in last night ? aboriginal , very beautiful ? abel I be so sorry . no one come in after you . Dan nod , half - smile but be on the verge of tear . his wound have be dress . dan they take she . it be my fault they take she . 57 . abel what 's you name , son ? dan dan. Dan Oliver . abel Dan , you need to rest . Dan wince with pain . dan how bad be I ? abel nothing serious . how do you feel ? dan pretty fuck ... sorry Father . Dan look at a brighten window . abel where do you think the rider go ? dan I do not know but I have get to do something . I have get to find my wife . abel you be not go anywhere . you need rest . dan Father . you do not see they . you do not know what they be , what they could do to she -- abel how far do you think you will get ? how will you help she ? you do not even know where you be go . he can see the anger build in Dan 's eye and try to calm . abel would you like some water ? dan no . I should try to get some rest . abel all right . if you will excuse I . 58 . abel move quickly away from Dan . int . abandoned house ( lounge ) - day jami suddenly jolt up and scream . she look all around , Erik stare out of the window . erik good morning . Erik turn back to the window and continue to look out . jami Morning ... bad dream . they be all over I . Erik acknowledge with a slight nod . jami how be we go to get there ? erik drive a few block west , then head north . jami drive ? the car would not start ? erik we lovely couple leave we a car with a full tank . jami let 's load up and move out before they return with the rest of the family . together , they head out . int . church - day people tend to each other . some still sleep , some cry . abel move from group to group , try he best to set everyone at ease . a few other help pass around water , and attend to the injure . Dan off to the side look in deep think . a elderly lady come by to check on he 59 . Dan stand and move to the front door . he unbolt it as abel appear right behind he . abel and where do you think you be go ? dan just stay out of my way , Father . I appreciate you help , but I have get to help kyeema . Dan try to move past abel , but abel grab he by the collar . abel how do you expect to find she on foot ? dan I be take the land Rover outside . abel do you really think you can just drive in , kill the bad guy , save you wife and walk out ? dan I have to do something . abel Daniel , she may already be like they . dan but maybe she 's not ... maybe there 's some reason why they do not just kill she there and then . and if she be still alive ... then she need I . abel wait here . dan why ? abel speak to the other helper and they all hug he . he return to Dan and give he a small nod . abel all right . let 's go . 60 . dan huh ? abel I know where they might be keep she and the land Rover 's mine . int / ext . land rover ( moving ) - day Dan change gear and they zip through a corner . the dashboard be light up like a aeroplane cockpit . abel scan the road up ahead . dan why be you help I ? abel it 's the right thing to do . dan Fine with I . int / ext . car ( moving ) - day Erik struggle to negotiate the many abandon car and make very slow progress . he slam he hand down on the horn in total frustration . erik it 's go to be sunset again before we get there through this . jami maybe it will clear further on down the road . erik maybe , maybe not . it would almost be quick to walk . Erik and jami share a thoughtful stare for a moment . the car screech to a halt and both get out . Erik grab the backpack and they carry on , at a slow jog . they pass ditch car , bike and truck . they pass ditch car , bike truck as they cross road and footpath . 61 . int / ext . land rover - day the land Rover slow to a crawl . abel why be we stop ? dan I be not sure but I think I see something back there . that warehouse on the right about fifty meter back . look like coffin , stack upon the dock ... least I think they be coffin . Dan quickly reverse . on the dock a pile be cover with a dark green tarpaulin . it flutter a few time and expose many coffin beneath . dan there ! Dan point at the coffin . dan I be go in . abel not on you own . ext . warehouse ( loading dock ) - day the warehouse be the size of a football field . on the dock , Dan pull the tarpaulin off the casket . the wind whip it away . he open the lid . empty . abel I would not sleep outside . would you ? Dan look toward a large slide door set in the wall . he open it a few foot , and step into the -- warehouse a few forklift truck , plus row after row , after row -— absolutely thousand of coffin . 62 . dan Jesus Christ . this be where they sleep . my God ! how many warehouse like this do you think there be ? Dan lean over and open the casket nearest he . Inside be a young man , with a blood spot shirt , he arm cross over he chest . very softly , Dan hear a small voice whisper -- soft voice lean in just a little bit closer . Dan quickly close the coffin lid with he foot . abel open a coffin . in it be a little black girl , she skin be fade to a sick pasty gray . she shift suddenly , grip the casket side , then lay still again . abel close the lid , shake . dan help I drag one into the light . they get either end of the first casket Dan open , and push and pull it back out onto the load dock and into the bright sunlight . dan ready ? Dan flip the lid off and step back . the vampire instantly writhes and claw at the side of the casket . its mouth open and scream like nothing you have ever hear before in you life ! the vampire sit up violently . its gaze have fall upon abel and raise its head twisted at a angle away from the sunlight . Dan shove abel back inside the warehouse , and slide the door shut . the vampire hurtle forward and frantically try to open the metal door . both man struggle to keep it out . the door shudder as the vampire hammer and then scratch at it like a animal . 63 . the claw stop . abel look behind he , think he can hear something . dan it 's a trick . Dan slide the door slightly . the lid be back on the casket . as the door open wider , abel hear more noise as light stream into the warehouse . Dan step back out onto the load dock and throw open the lid again . the vampire , hideously bloat , sit up and snap at Dan 's face . fluid bubble beneath the thing flesh . it leak from the mouth , eye and nose . just as it look like it will explode , it rapidly shrivel into something as thin and frail as a dead leaf . Dan vomit . abel look toward the warehouse again . abel rush to the land Rover and grab stuff from the tailgate . he return with a can of fuel and a .45 jamme in he belt . abel start the car . dan where do you get that gun ? what be you go to do ? abel what we be here to do . Dan catch a wake up . abel go into the warehouse as he quickly jump back inside the int / ext . land rover ( moving ) - day Dan turn on the ignition as a gunshot sound out . he jump . bloodcurdle scream sound out from inside the warehouse . thick black smoke fill the sky . 64 . abel hop into the land Rover . abel drive . very , very fast . Dan blast the land Rover through the front gate . dan do you think they will all burn ? abel some of they will . and if they do get out , the sunlight will finish they . dan I do not know there be so many . abel what if there be a hundred more place like this . abel take the gun out of he pants and lay it on the floor . abel you never know when it might come in handy . dan it 's almost one . we have to hurry ... ext . STREET —- day Erik stop to catch he breath . jami look he over . jami you okay ? erik yeah , it 's be a while since I have have to run so much . jami I do not think it would take so long . erik not far now . they take off again at a brisk walk . 65 . they pass a shop that have all the window black out with paper and various other item . int / ext . land rover - day a parking lot of abandon car and truck force Dan and abel to stop . abel we be go to have to make it on foot the rest of the way . how far be it ? dan I do not know . abel what you find may not be the person you know . dan I know . abel then you also know that once we get in there , we may not be come out . Dan nod . abel and Dan gear up and start to hike up the road . abel see something move up ahead , something quick and smaller than a man . he pull the gun out . there 's another quick movement off to the right in the bush . sudden a huge reddish brown mongrel , with bright yellow eye leap out at they . the dog drop to the ground , he skull split open by a bullet . something strike the back of Dan 's knee he stagger and wrench he leg away from a collie . he turn and kick the dog in the rib . abel shoot it in the head . abel we can not stop now . 66 . dog come from out of everywhere and circle the two man . abel fire off a few round . a few yelp , and they all disperse . abel hurry , they will be back . the road straighten with factory on all around . huge , dark and forbid , the biggest of which have light on inside , with truck and bike park around it . a metal fence surround it . Dan and abel check it out . abel how do we get over that ? dan I be not let a fence stop I now . they walk down the drive toward the large obstacle with a tangle of barb wire six foot above . Dan climb over the fence as abel boost he up . int . lair ( room ) - day all we can see be a close up of a close eyelid . slowly the camera pull back to reveal rolland 's sleep face . suddenly he eye flick open . something be wrong . something be out of place . dog howl , but they be howl of fear and anger . rolland realize something be not right . he move to the door , unbolt it and stand in the long hallway . rolland hagen . rolland 's voice echoe and move throughout the lair . there be chatter among other vampire , but it all silence as they hear they master call . 67 . rolland hagen ! hurried step thunder down the hallway as hagen rush to get to he master . rolland where be you ? hagen start the fire in the council chamber . it be ready for you , master . rolland the dog be disquieted . someone may have get past they . hagen how ? who ? where be they ? rolland come with I . rolland move past hagen along the cave like corridor to a narrow stairway that curve up to a double bolt door . he unlock it and step into a security room with a bank of glow monitor . Security camera cover every angle outside . dusk have take hold on its journey toward darkness . the dog howl off in the distance . rolland scan the monitor as hagen look on . at first he can see nothing , everything seem normal . then he catch movement outside the main gate as he see Dan and abel slink through the grounds . slowly he smile and turn to hagen . rolland find Mr. stitch . you and he bring that two to the council chamber . and understand , I do not want they touch . not yet . hagen nod and scurries out the door . rolland lean toward the monitor watch they . 68 . he crack up as he laugh he long fang slide out of they socket in he jaw . int . lair - day hagen rush through narrow corridor , tunnel and stair case . the cave system under the factory be a maze in its layout . he reach a solid door and bashes on it hagen stitch ! we have intruder and the master want to see they . a bolt slide across steel and wood then the door swing inward . the room be totally black and hagen strain to see inside . stitch give he the creep . hagen the master want I to go with you to collect they . he move forward slightly , still try to see into the black . hagen hello ? Mr. stitch ? hagen move closer , strain he eye even more . two red eye open and look directly at he . hagen jump back in fright as stitch stride out of the room and laugh in a mean-spirited sort of way . stitch how many and where ? ext . lair - day Dan and abel hug the side of the factory as they make there way to the back of the old building , pass bike , truck and other item of equipment and vehicle . they find a half open roller door and slowly approach it . dan okay , here we go . be you ready ? 69 . abel God help we . int . lair —- day Dan and abel enter a load dock type area the air be thick with the rotting stench of dog shit . the pair try not to vomit as they start to gag on the smell . abel this must be where that dog come from . they quickly move to the back of the dock and into a small passage . they cut through a large arch , and emerge on the factory floor . there be barely any light now . rubbish be everywhere . the inside of the old factory be empty , totally gut . the pair begin to look worried until Dan spot a set of stair lead down . dan it look like we go down there . abel freeze . he signal to Dan to be quiet . abel do you hear that ? abel and Dan move back to back and slowly head toward the stair . now night no more sunlight to save they as the vampire wake . the sound of hundred of vampire as they stir , begin to filter down to the factory floor : cry , creak , loud bang , whisper and laughter . dan you think they know we be here ? abel pretty damn sure of it . they continue down to the -- first level -- where dark shape move around on the cave floor . 70 . the staircase for the next level down be on the opposite side of the large space , they set off at a quick pace . halfway to the staircase a grubby hungry look vampire woman step out of a dark recess . Dan be directly in she line of sight as she leap at he . Dan land flat on he back , which knock the wind out of he . she throw she head back , and prepare to strike . then a flash of black as a massive boot crack she in the face . abel help Dan to he foot , and step in front of he as the female vampire ready herself . she crouch on the ground like a spider , ready to jump . suddenly a look of fear wash over she face as she back off , and scurries away like a cockroach . a meaty punch and the sound of a dead weight hit the floor make abel spin around . stitch , grin wickedly as hagen scoops Dan up and throw he over he shoulder . abel put he down . stitch the master want to see you . abel see Dan be still alive , he can feel the anger of old wash over he again . he sink he hand deep into he pocket . abel I tell you , put he down . I will not tell you again . stitch find abel funny and laugh , he look at hagen , who smile wildly . abel have the one chance he 's pray for , and pull he brass - knuckle clad hand out of he pocket . hagen 's expression drop as he see what stitch can not . abel take a massive swing , as stitch turn back toward he . the mighty punch connect and spin stitch around . 71 . stitch ride the momentum of the punch and spin with a body blow which lift abel off he foot and send he Flying down the walk way . stitch breath heavy and bleed from the mouth . he stalk over abel who lay there and groan on he back . he stare at he for a moment , before he hoist he over he shoulder . ext . STREET - night Erik see a small road that he recognize as the one that lead to the street . erik we be close the factory 's at the top of this road ! Erik turn to jami . erik you okay ? jami as good as can be expect . erik then let 's do what we come for . they pass the land Rover that Dan and abel leave , past a few dead dog . a howling all around they but the dog keep they distance . as the old factory appear out of the gloom both stop in they track in awe . erik my God , help we . a loud pierce whistle screech through the night . the howling of the dog stop as they all run off . erik feed time . let 's find out where they be go . they follow the massive gate around to a open where the dog whine and bark . 72 . the mechanical clatter of gear and chain as the bark die down . jami run ahead and see the dog scurry in where the driveway turn under a arch and into the factory 's rear courtyard . a internal gate have be hoist open just enough for the dog to get through . hagen hurry , you bastard ! come on ! Inside ! jami squeeze herself against a wall . she hear the gate slowly close . as soon as everyone be go , she slide over to the gate and peer in . some removal van , a yellow bull dozer , and a black van . jami see hagen throw open a heavy wooden door , the dog scramble over each other and try to get through . a couple snarl and snap at hagen , he pick up a huge wooden staff and whacks a few . hagen get down there ! you bastard ! when all the dog be in , he step through the door , and close it behind he . Erik appear over jami 's shoulder . erik he must be still human . he curl he hand around the bar . he look the gate up and down , and scrape some of the dirt away from the bottom , it come away quite easily . erik God bless that dog . the gap be still very small ; jami take she market off and squeeze through . she run over to the chain hang down from a couple of iron pulley along the wall , and get the gate about two foot off the ground . just enough for Erik to get through . together , they hurry to the heavy wooden door . 73. the door be lock , Erik give it three hard blow with the hammer and it give way . int . lair - night erik I do not think the vampire will sleep with the dog . let 's go in . the sound of dog be get louder . hagen ( v.o. ) get back ! I will knock you rib in ! a dog growl , then there be a blow and several yelp . they approach the half open door and see hagen 's back . hagen get back , there ! here . you shit ! the dog snap at the food hagen throw to they . Erik tighten he grip on the hammer then slip into the room . quickly and quietly he move toward hagen . before he can reach he a few dog begin to growl . Erik run headlong at hagen who swing he staff around and clip Erik in the hand ; they both fall to the ground . hagen have a vice like grip around Erik 's hammer hand , the other hand around Erik 's throat . the dog grab at cuff and sleeve and snap at they face . Erik strike hagen square in the face . blood stream from he nose but hagen just grin madly as he grip on Erik 's neck tighten . hagen roll Erik onto he back and pin he hammer hand with he knee . he tighten he other hand around Erik 's throat . dog fight with each other and nip at Erik and hagen . jami rush into the room , pick up the staff and swing it into the back of hagen 's head . 74 . jami get off he ! she strike he again and when she strike he for a third time the staff break in half . hagen pitch to the side ; he head hit the cold stone floor with a solid thud . Erik gasp for air as he stand and rub he neck , he slowly back away from the dog . jami be he dead ? do I kill he ? the dog fight over the body , and try to drag the body all around the floor . they chew on he ear and finger . erik no , jami . you do not , but I do not think they feed the dog very well . they close the door behind they as the dog 's growl and yelp and the fight reach fever pitch . the sound of flesh and material tear and wet splatter as the door be shut . Hammer in one hand , and torch in the other , Erik head off into the darkness , with jami at he side . int . lair - council chamber - night rolland stare at Dan and abel . rolland Mr. stitch , have you ever consider just how clever this human be . Dan and abel crouch on the floor near the fire place . rolland admire the .45 on the table pick it up . rolland imagine if Alexander the great have possess such toy , how long would it have be before the entire world fall at he foot ? could you imagine ? rolland sit in a chair , crossing he leg under he . 75 . rolland but then again . what he lack in modern toy , he more than make up for with a unstoppable army . this city be about to witness rolland marmerchant 's unstoppable army . and as it roll across this retch land there will be nowhere to run . he lean back , and look from Dan to abel . he stare at abel 's grimy white collar . rolland so , we have a priest . you will not be the first to join we , I promise you . nor the last . rolland 's gaze turn to Dan . dan where be my wife !? rolland Excuse I ? dan the woman he take from I . Dan motion in stitch 's direction . rolland you risk you life for a woman ? fascinating . rolland stare at Dan harder . Dan try to look away , but cant . rolland I have exist in the world long enough to forget such thing as love . Mr stitch do you know who he be refer to ? be she here ? stitch yes master . upstair , still sleep . rolland then bring she down here ! and find hagen as well . he 's take too long . 76 . stitch nod and leave the room . rolland both of you have show great courage today . you will make worthy addition to my army . he look toward abel . rolland and you , preacher man , I will show you just how much power a real God have . abel lift he head , lock eye with rolland . rolland laugh out loud , let he fang slide out . rolland what be you plan to do ? we have be around before you God ever exist . no man , no one , no thing can kill I ! abel glare back at he , unafraid . abel you be a arrogant fool . in one sweeping motion he leap from he chair and land right next to abel . one hand grip around he face , finger nail break he skin . rolland with one hand I could twist the head from you body , so be very careful indeed ! rolland 's finger tighten . abel do not stop stare at rolland . rolland loosen he grip and step back . Dan crawl over to abel to check on he . the council chamber door burst open as Erik be push through with jami follow as they stagger through . stitch bring in kyeema and close the door behind he . 77 . stitch I find this two in the factory . they must have kill hagen , the woman have this . stitch throw the large staff hagen use to work the dog with into the centre of the room stitch the man be carry a pack full of stake , a hammer . the whole kit . rolland look intensely at Erik . Dan slowly rise from the floor . dan kyeema ? she look at he with frighten eye and take a step back . stitch grab she neck and force she to look at Dan , as she struggle to look away from he . stitch there 's you lover . like what you see ? can you see the vein run through he body ? that 's life , you life from now on . dan leave she alone ! Dan try to move over toward she . rolland sit down . Dan 's leg go dead and he drop instantly to the floor . Erik notice abel on the floor . rolland get out of he seat and go to Erik with great interest . rolland you know we kind , do not you ? I see it in you eye . erik I know you well . 78 . rolland how be that ? erik my wife be turn by one of you . rolland you wife . and yet here you stand . I be assume you kill she then . do you cut she head off ? or do you burn she to death , maybe ? Erik try not to look he in the eye , but he can not stop . rolland so , here you be . ready to do it again . I wonder if you will be as lucky tonight ? erik why here ? why this city ? rolland why ? we no longer need you . make no mistake , this be not a random event . if you know how long this have take . not just this city or this country . every city . every country . rolland pace around the room , the conversation excite he . rolland by now we will have control of Sydney , Melbourne and perth . brisbane be fall as I speak . the true dominant species will soon rule the whole planet . Natural order , balance will be restore , no longer will we hide like animal . dan you need we blood to survive . do Dan stand Dan lunge rolland we ? and look at kyeema , then back at rolland . for the .45 on the table . as he hand close on the gun , rolland lunge at he , knock he on he back . 79 . rolland stand over he . Dan aim upward and fire twice , one go through rolland 's throat and strike the wall behind he , the second pass through he stomach . rolland pick Dan up by the throat , finger break through the flesh as he squeeze . he toss he across the room to the foot of stitch . rolland he 's all yours . stitch 's eye light up , and he kick Dan square in he chest . the crack of bone as he slide across the room and he crash through chair , and slam into a solid wall . stitch stride up to he , remove he gun from he jacket , and grin widely as he shoot Dan in the head three time . kyeema scream and sink to she knee . rolland sweep over to abel and yank he to he foot . rolland you ! I be go to enjoy turn you ! someone knock at the door . rolland enter ! a young boy with blonde hair enter and eye the damage . rolland what be it ? young boy the truck , master . they be ready and load . rolland excellent . go. the boy look at Dan 's dead body , and hesitates . rolland what else ? young boy some of the other be talk , master . ( more ) 80 . young boy ( cont 'd ) they say hagen have be kill , and we have infiltrate by human . rolland tell they not to fear . as you yourself can see , the human be in my possession . tonight the city fall . now go . he wait until the young vampire have leave and turn to he victim and flash a sick smile . abel you will be stop . rolland by you and you god ? by they ? by the dead man on the floor ? tomorrow night you will have forget everything and everyone . he look toward stitch . rolland the priest be mine . you and the female can have that two . when you be finish , take that dead filth and feed he to the dog . rolland drag abel across the room and throw he through the open door into rolland 's private quarter . rolland quickly follow , the door slam after he . stitch slide he gun back into he jacket and sing . stitch nowhere to run baby . nowhere to hide . Erik and jami back up slowly , and step through a puddle of blood that seep from Dan 's head . stitch you ! kyeema ! you can have the woman . I be take the old man . Erik stumble over the remain of a break chair . he wrench a leg off -- he now have a two - foot club , with a deadly - look splinter end . kyeema slowly walk toward the body of Dan , bend down and touch he face , then touch the blood on the floor . 81. she lick she finger , shake she head and let out a ear-pierce scream . stitch look around in surprise as Erik plunge the jag end of the chair leg toward he heart . it strike , but be deflect by the gun in he jacket . stitch pull the chair leg out of he chest . stitch Close . but close do not really cut it here . in a move almost too quick to see , Erik 's head be thrust back and throat expose . jami grab he market and try to pull he off Erik but stitch just swat she to the floor . stitch 's fang slide out , suddenly from behind kyeema grab stitch , she fingernails dig deep into he face and she rip away flesh . stitch throw himself backwards and try to get kyeema off he back . they Roll all over the floor . Erik jump to he foot as kyeema plunge she finger in stitch 's eye socket . both eye ball burst . Black liquid leak down he cheek , and he howl and twist in agony . he get a grip on kyeema and they thrash maniacally around on the floor and into the mouth of the raging -- fireplace flame engulf they , and they quickly combust into hot ash . in the -- private quarter -- rolland have abel thrust up against the wall . rolland oh priest . tonight my army march the street as you kind hide in hole . the human race have have its time . tonight will be humanity 's last breath . 82 . abel try to laugh in he face , but can only manage a pathetic gurgle as rolland choke he . abel grab at rolland 's hand , and try to get a breath . rolland 's grip loosen ever so slightly . abel all I have hear tonight be the rambling of a madman , not a great leader . rolland laugh and drop abel to the floor . he enjoy watch he gasp for air . rolland Priest , I really do not know how to tell you this . but , it 's already happen . abel 's stare be cold like ice . rolland you city . nay , you country have fall to creature like I . abel leap to he foot , plunge he hand into he pocket , and pull out he brass -knuckle . rolland I respect you for try , but maybe I hit you too hard earlier . you be fail to comprehend the basic fact . you. have. lose . rolland wait for some sort of reaction from he . rolland everyone one you know and love will be like I by dawn . have you get it in you to kill every single one of they , Priest ? Erik and jami burst through the door , rag splinter of wood in hand . they both rush toward rolland , scream bloody murder . rolland turn to face they , he fang bare . abel launch himself at the back of rolland . his leave arm hook around he neck as he deliver some huge body blow with he right . 83. a shocked rolland flail for abel as Erik plunge he stake through he right shoulder . rolland backhand Erik with he right hand and send he reeling across the room . rolland struggle to pull the steak out of he shoulder . abel still hang on for dear life and try to push the steak deeper into he shoulder . jami 's attack happen straight after Erik 's , rolland thrashes around so much it be hard for she to get a clear shot . she lunge at he and strike just below he heart . rolland roar in pain as he pull the new steak out quickly . abel tighten he grip and use the distraction to get he off balance and manage to get he off centre and tip he backwards . as he feel rolland stagger , abel put every last ounce of strength he have leave to get he onto the ground . rolland hit the floor with a loud crack as he skull bounce on the floor . abel , as nimble as a cat , do not waste a second , and land punch after punch into he face . Erik hold rolland 's foot as jami grab she stake which rolland discard . this time she aim be true as she drive the stake clean through he evil heart . rolland go limp and quiet for a brief moment , start to choke and go into seizure . jami and Erik back way the hell off . abel stand over he , he watch he twitch and shake with cold angry eye . abel raise a massive boot and stamp the stake all the way home ! rolland instantly stop move and wither to a husk . jami Jesus ! 84 . abel I could not agree more . erik be you okay ? abel depend on what you mean by okay . abel look towards the door . abel how do it look ? can we get out of here now ? jami we be clear to go . int . lair ( corridor ) - night the corridor be fill with scream . vampire come out of the darkness and bump into they , then race away in a panicked frenzy . vampire punk the master have fall ! vampire hooker the human kill the master ! a few vampire start toward the group but stop and sniff the blood of rolland on abel 's hand . a total look of fear wash all over they and they flee from the slayer . the dog bay behind the shut door . the group retrace they step to where they come in . ext . lair ( courtyard ) - night vampire run across the courtyard with daze look across they face , some of they walk with they arm outstretch and scream for they master . walter , arm full of book , closely watch jami exit in all the mayhem . Erik haul the gate up and tie it off . they run up the -- 85 . driveway -- and sprint for the land Rover . abel get in ! everyone pile into the int . land rover ( moving ) - night the key be still inside the ignition , and they tear off . the night be still , apart from the odd wail of a distant vampire . everyone be subdued in the car ride . abel this have not finish . erik I would give it a few day before they realize what have happen here . jami we stop he , do not we ? we rout the rest before they get organize and we finish they . erik what then ? there be only three of us ... abel we can not be the only survivor . there have get to be other ? we will find they . make a stand . abel seem lose in he own thought . erik we will need supplies . abel I know exactly where to go . Erik nod and look out over the city as they race by ... amongst the surround bush , nothing but red eye await a opportunity . ext . lair ( court yard ) - night walter smile as a headless chicken run around without direction . 86 . several vampire hover around they motorbike and he shout out at they . walter saddle up ! they turn and stare back at he . walter 's receptionist Sally appear , and seductively wrap a arm around he waist . walter grin . the biker still seem a tad unsure what to do . walter expose he fang and increase in volume . walter I say . saddle the fuck up ! they all look to each -other nervously . one by one they climb on to they bike and do as command . Sally get on the back of walter 's bike . walter fire up he hog , the rest do the same . biker 1 who the fuck be you ? walter I be the body snatcher . let ride . ext . brisbane ( street ) - montage - night a mass of headlight pour out from warehouse throughout the city , form a massive group . fade to black .