a morningside production the 7th voyage of sinbad produced by Charles H. schneer = ~ _ shoot final tf november 1957 . cd property of ' columbia picture corp . oy production 110.8400 morningside production , inc . the 7th voyage of sinbad final draft JUNE 28 1957 '' morningside production , inc . the 7th voyage of sinbad ' ( 8400 ) e\ of screenplay by xennetn kolb a final draft = June 28 , 1957 a ls the 7th voyage of sinbad ( 8,00 ) . pade in : ext . fog bank and sea - night ( h -s ) 2 , . kl full shot water ( day ) ( night filter ) 1 ' a pale moon glow faintly through the fog bank , now outline against the dark sky , then nearly obscure by drift patch of mist . sound of the wave lap , and the muffle clang of ship 's bell some distance off at interval of four or five second . as the moon show for a moment through a break in the fog bank , the shadow of a huge bird pass slowly across it , the great wing outspread . the fog close over again ; the ship 's bell sound , slightly closer . ( note : if use ship at sea , have prow sail toward camera ) . . narrator's voice ( through echo chamber ) - to a man out of the distant past we live in a world of unbelievable magic ... at a touch of we finger we produce light , heat , or sound . Men travel swiftly through the air and beneath the sea . we speak with friend thousand of mile away through a tiny wire ... familiar ' thing , yet fantastic . ' thus , when we enter the realm of the distant past , we must accept the - strange wonder of that time . during last line of narration , the bow of a ship loom through the fog , its mast outline faintly against the glow mist . bxt . quarter -deck of ship ( S ) =e ee 2 close shot sinbad at the wheel 2 he stand erect , hold the wheel firmly , peer into the fog . . narrator's voice for in the time of the Arabian Night and the great adventurer , sinbad the sailor , there be creature and marvel beyond we imagination ... and the strangest 3 continued : 2 narrator's voice ( cont would ) of all be encounter onese . ' the seventh voyage of sinbad .! camera move in to hold big closeup of sinbad as title ' and credit begin to come across . dissolve to : ext . quarter -deck of ship ~ night ( fog ) ( S ) close shot sinbad at wheel 3 same as previous shot . sinbad , still peer into the fog , sense something . sinbad harufasest harupa , the first mate , come up . he be a big , barrel= chest man with a mat of black hair and a curly black beard , , sinbad ( continue ) sound for a depthi harufa give sinbad a look of astonishment . harufa a sounding ... here ? aye , Captain . he pick up the lead line and move to the rail , as the camera pan with he onto three sailor group nearby . they appearance be gaunt and wear , suggest that they have pass through much hardship on this voyage . they , too , be look askanoe at sinbad . alt ( grumble ) do not expect land here ... past the very end of the earth ? gaunt sailor - his own belly be as empty as ours . perhaps hunger have craze he mind < = ali if there waa land , it would be such 468 no man would dare to set foot upon .. - ay continued : gaunt sailor sinbad would ... he dare anything . harupa's voice ( call excitedly ) captaint all eye turn to harufa at the rail . close shot harufa ( S ) astonishment on he face . he holda up the lead line . harupa pall fathom sevenbess close shot sinbad ( S ) he look up to the crow' - nest . - sinbad ( call ) - sharp lookout aloft therel close shot sailor # in crow's- nese ( 8 ) sailor #h ( shouting down toward deck ) aye , Captain medium shot the three crewmen ( 8s ) the third sailor , a African , turn pale . . african sailor what can it be ? ali perhapses . a sink reefss . gaunt sailor or...& sea-monster ... or something worsgeee hwarupa's voice pull fathom ... fivel african sailor '' ( prayerfully ) ohee let it be land . oy : scene 7 omitted 8 close shot sinbad at wheel ( 3 ) a peer hard to starboard . . sinbad land ho , ..off the starboard bowl 9 medium shot the crewmen ( S ) 9 they crane they neck to get a glimpse of the land still '' ridden by the fog and darkness . african sailor he have the eye of a owlee . I see nothing . alt ( peint ) look ... therel what they see colossa island 10 medium long shot p.o.v . ( S ) 10 toe dark outline of a forebode island looma out of the seas Little detail be visible . lookout voice ( call ) : land it be , sirtece the fog close in again . il close shot sinbad at wheel ( S ) 11 sinbad take in all saili haruface . i 12 full shot deck of ship through rigging ( 8 ) : 12 the man scramble into the rigging as harufa move over to sinbad . 13 close shot sinbad and harufa ( S ) 13 sinbad turn the wheel over to harufas sinbad Drop the anchor ... we will go ashore at the firat light of dawn . 13 continued : 13 sinbad ( cont would ) ( suppress hope ) - «eeand may Allah grant we find food and water . sinbad move off . harufa watch he for a momente harufa | ( to himself ) «eeand may Allah grant we find nothing more . sinbad disappear below decka . harupa ( continue ) Drop anchort ak . full shot deck of ship through the capstan ( 8 ) 1k as the sailor put they shoulder to the wheel and the great anchor chain move slowly by camera . int . ship' corridor = night ( S ) 15 full . shot sinbad 15 he ewing easily down the ladder and movea to the door of a eabin , knock . lightly . sinbad ( softly ) princess ? int . ship be cabin - night ( y ) 16 angle toward door 16 scene be light faintly by the glow of a oil ] lantern . sadi move into scene , go to answer the knock . she be a bit under medium heignt , in she middle thirty , plain feature , with a quick temper and a sharp tongue . as wait - woman to the princess , she have certain privilege and immunity , and she take full advantage of theme sadi . ( open door ) - this be no time of night to be a. mmock at a lady 'a bedroomeee she start to close the door , but sinbad put a good - nature elbow in the way . 16 17 continued : : - 16 sinbad ( faint smile ) I would speak with you mistre bess I bring good newsl sadt I kmow a sailor 's trick ... now off with you ... go steer you course elsewherder . sadi start to ease sinbad out of the door . another angle parisa : 17 as she enter from a inner chamber . she be very beautiful , dress in a long neglige and silken drease gown . she erossea to sinbad and take he hand . parisa sadi , be more polite to we Captain . he be not to blame for the storm which blow we off we course ... ( look up mischisvously ) eee of be you ? sadi I blame he for take you from the comfort and safety of you father 's palace ... to this ... thia bob arkt parisa I come willingly , sadi.ee what good news , my Captain ? sinbad we be anchore off a island . tomorrow we take on food and water to continue the voyage to bagdad . both parisa and sadi react with pleasure , though sadi quickly conceal she joy . she pick up the cockatoo , which have be rest on a nearby perch . sadt the food come none too s00 nne .. . tnat pirate harufa have suddenly find eye for my pete sadi start away with the bird . sinbad call after she , - smile . ext . continued : 17 sinbad . in a week you will be feast in - bagdad ... , ( the parisa ) eeeat we wedding . as sadi turn away , parisa fling she arm around sinbad 's neck and kiss he full on the lip . sadi atep in a if to separate they , she face stern . sadi captainl the minute my back be turnedt I dare say you invent this island just for this purpose . sinbad look / at parisa who can hardly contain she laughter . sinbad ( gallantly take the blame ) por another such kisa , I would invent a whole continent . sadi push sinbad into the corridor and slama the door into the camera . dissolve tos island of colossa = morning ( S ) 18 establishing shot 18 it be just after dawn . strange rock formation tower like fortress bastion over the narrow strip of beach beneath they . nine sailor , dwarf by the massive rock , be group about two longboata which be beach on the sand . ext . the beach and longboat ( S ) 19 medium shot the crew 19 tne longboat be pile high with basket of fruit , cocenut , and cask of water . the man , refresh with a orgy of eat and drink , be boisterously launching one of the longboata into the surf , close shot longboat in water ( S ) 20 camera be mount in the boat , as three man clamber on board and pull away from the island leave three of they number ma 20 continued : 20 ~ of en shore with the remain longboat . sailor # h ocall back ) . how do it feel to be maroon ? the other laugh , . sailor # 2 ( he mouth stuff with fruit ) it be torture . I can not eat fast enought sailor # 3 we shall split we skinsti they laugh boisterously . sailor # 4 tilt he head fora drink of coconut milk , then heave the coconut at the man on shore sailor # h. herel -- have a coconutl y fhe other be catch up in the spirit and start throw a , food at the man on shore . ad lib alm for the poorl do not waste anyl her@ees you may get hungry ! 21 close shot the three sailor on the beach ( S ) 21 as the shower of fruit and coconut rain about they . two of the sailor good naturedly throw the fruit back towards ene recede longboat , while the gaunt sailor stand glumly ye aprican sailor ( throw a coconut bon voyaget the shout and laughter of the man in the boat die away . gaunt sailor . ( leok around ) 3 I wish sinbad would come back ... = we have already enough food for two 1 om™ voyage to bagdad ... / ( continued : 21 _ african sailor patience -=- he be fill the cask with fresh water from the spring . gaunt sailor -.- but we already have more than we can drink . old sailor have you not-heard ...? a princesa cannot bathe in salt water . gaunt sailor I would give up bathing entirely , the be in bagdad again ... african sailor I wonder what 's keep they ...? camera swing off the man onto the rock . a awesome ailence settles over the scene break only by the eerie cry of the bird wheeling overhead . ) ext . olive grove ~ 22 close shot a magnificently contorted olive trunk - 22 a olive branch hang prominently in the f.g. through the bizarre twist we see sinbad , harufa , Ali , and sailor # 5 walk single file through the grove - each with a cask of water on nis shoulder , sinbad and harufa carry spearae Ali have a crossbow . the sound of the bird carrisa over . harufa see the olive branch and start towarda it . sinbad the boat lie this way , harufascee where be you go ? harufa for a branch of the olive to make my peace with the old crow that guard the princess -= - i harufa set down he water cask and lean into a big closbup to pluck the branch when suddenly he eyea rivet on something off scene and bug out of they socketse harupa ' ( continue ; : terrify masterl ad ~ la 23 2h . 10 continued : 22 sinbad , Ali and sailor # 5 run up . camera whip to a insert ( y ) ef a huge footprint some two foot in diameter , sinbades voice ( 0.s. ) a cloven noofl close shot sinbad and harupa ( S ) 23 harupa the Devil 's ownl Ali see something else o.s. and run to it . ali ( as he run ) look ! there 's anotherlt camera swing to Ali some ten foot away stand over another footprint .. sailor # 5 , now some twenty foot distant , point excitedly to the ground . sailor # 5 eeeand another ! : sinbad ( impressed ) what a stride } he run in the direction of the footprint , harufa follow . another angle rocky area sinbad and harupa ( S ) ak sinbad and harufa run up into camera follow the print . suddenly they look up - disbelief write on they face . . harufat jaw drop openee . harupa what ia it ? the two sailor , in the b.ge , be stare up too . ext , the stone face 25 medium long shop ( h-s-d ) 25 the tiny figure of sinbad , harufa , and the two sailor stand in freeze fascination before a massive stone face carve out of the live rock . a gape cavern lead off into a mysterious darkness , form the mouth of the face . 11 25a closb shot reverse on sinbad and harufa ( 8 ) 25a tney can not take they eye from the face . sinbad it have the mark of some ancient . civilizationse . harufa it have the mark of Satan himselfece come , sinbad ... let we get back to the ship.e. sinbad hand harufa he water cask . sinbad hold this ... I be go to see where that stone mouth lead ... suddenly there be a roaring , and sound of someone run . they look off , ext . the stone face 26 medium long shot sokurah and cyuclop ( h-s-d ) 26 soxurah , a impose man with large dark eye , emerge from the cave mouth , run hard , closely pursue by the giant cyclop , wno must stoop slightly the emerge from the huge open . sokurah run toward sinbad . 264 close shot ( S ) 264 move with sokurah as he run , clutching a strange lamp ( prop ) in he hand . he see sinbad . sokurah ( call ) 's helpl . help meet ! 27 medium shot sinbad and other 27 a they react . sin bad to the boat -- quickly ! the man start to run towards the beach , they water cask sloshing wildly . ext . great stone face 27a medium long shot soxurah and cyclop ( h-s-d ) 27a harufa and the man run out . sinbad hold long enough for soxurah to run by , then turna and follow . in the bege , a 12 27a continued : 27h ' the cyclops , now fully emerge from the Stone face , give chase . . : ext . group of large rock in sand ( h- s-d ) 28 medium shot sinbad , sokurah , the men 28 as the cyclops pursue they with huge stride , gain quickly . the cyclops reach out for sokurah . 29 medium close shot sinbad ( S ) 29 as he hurl he javelin at the cyclops . 294 medium close shot the chclop up angle ( h-s-d ) 294 ( drawing 314a ) as the javelin stick in he chest . he pluck it out witha roar of rage , pause slightly in he pursuit of sokurah . 30 medium shot sokurah near rock ( S ) 30 he pause in front of the camera to look back at the cyclops 2.3. 'e as he do , sinbad run into he , kmock he over . sokurah recover and run into the protection of some rocka . 31 close shot harufa and ali ( 8s ) " 32 harufa hurl he spear at the cyclops . Ali fire he crossbow . * 31a medium close shot the cyclop up angle ( h-s-d ) 31a the spear and crossbow find they mark , but only serve to further enrage the cyclops . he pluck they from he body . ext . the beach 32 medium shot at the longboat ( S ) 32 tne sailor hear the distant bellow of the cyclops , and hastily start to make preparation to launch the longboat . 33 medium close shot cyclop ' legs ( h-s-d ) 33 harufa dodge the move foot of the giant . sinbad and Ali hack at the gyclop with they sworda .. . 33A close shot cyclop ( h-s-d ) 334 reaction shot of cyclops . 35 36 38 13 medium long shot cyclop and men ( h-s-d ) cyclops pick up harufa and examine he and see he be not sokurah , then fling he down toward sinbad . . medium close shot ( h-s-d ) 35 harufa 's body be throw into scene hit sinbad . the two body strike the rock knock harufa unconscious , medium close shot sokurah ( h-s - ~d ) : 36 he crouch in the shelter of the rock , have place the lamp on the sand . he quickly rub it three time , uttering word we cannot hear because of the bellow of the cyclopa . a puff ef smoke appear from the lamp , whirl and boila , produce a genie , in the snape of a young boy . genie ( bow to he master ) I obey the master of the lamp . sokurah I command you build a unbreakable wall between the cyclops and that menl genie I shall try , 0 master , I shall trye the genie leap forward . medium shot rock background and beach ( h-s-d ) 37 the genie run into scene do two quick somersault on the sand , dissolve into a roll ball of fire . medium shot sinbad and cyclop ( h-~s-d ) 38 sinbad drag the fall harufa out of the path of the advance cyclops . as the cyclops near they , the roll ball of fire speed betwoen they , send up in its path a shimmer wall of force . the ball of fire dissolves inte nothingness as it peach the rocky cliff . close shot ( h-s-d ) 39 . tne genie have return to the lamp . medium shot ( h-s-d ) 4 of the cyclops stand hammer futilely at the shimmer wall of force '' island sequence ener 14 '' yo medium shot sinbad sokurah and other ( S ) 41 as sinbad struggle with the groggy harufa , solkurah run in , carry the lamp . sinbad you will be safe aboard my shipee . lend a hand , will you ...? sokurah help to support harufa and together the trio race across the beach towards the longboat . ext . the beach and longboat h2 medium shot the three sailor ha they look off , reacting with terror at the cyclops and the flee sinbad . they quickly push the boat into the water . 42a medium shot sinbad and sokurah ( S ) . kaa as they wade out into the water and be help aboard the boat . the crew pull lustily for the ship . int . ship' longboat 43 sinbad sokurah and other ( S ) 43 sinbad dip a cloth over the side and hold it against harufais aching head . sokurah smile in sympathy . sokurah I fear he will have a headache on my account . - sinbad he 's lucky to escape with that <= what strange power restrainas that monster ? sokurah ( show lamp ) the man who hold this treasure be safe from even great danger . sinbad reach out for the lamp , but sokurah discreetly drawa it away . sinbad smile . sinbad if you lamp have such power , why do you not destroy the monster ? sokurah the genie of the lamp cannot be use to work harm , but he power of protection be invulnerable . 1s ~ 43 continued : 43 harupa ( painful smile as . he rub he head ) if they come in time ... ext . the beach and cyclop hh medium shot ( h-s-d ) frustrate by the wall of force , the cyclops find a huge boulder . he lift this in both hand , hurl it like a basketball over the wall , high into the air , toward the boate ext . ship' boat ( see drawing 5 ) 4s medium shot sinbad and other 4s sinbad we will reach the safety of my ship ina -- ( look up and reacting ) look out ! the huge rock ( prop ) crash into the sea on the far side of the boat , capsize it , and tumble the man into the water . ( Effects Department note : rig dynamite cap in water for explosion ) . 6 down shot sinbad and men ( S ) 4ée - | atruggle in water . sokurah , make a frantic effart to keep hold of the lamp , but he can not swim . as he sink beneath the surface , he lose the lamp and it sink into the deptha . sokurah ( he frantic voice dis - torte through a mouth - ful of sea water ) the lampi the lampl ... 46a insert : the lamp ( S ) 6 a as it slowly sink in the water , trail bubbles . ext . the beach and cyclop 4 ? medium shot ( h-s-d ) l7 as the lamp become ownerless , ita protection be withdraw and the wall of force melt away . the cyclops move forward to the water 's edge . ~ 16 ext . deck of ship 48 medium shot parisa and sadi ( y ) 48 as they react to the capsize of the boat . - ext . water : - a ) long shot sinbad soxurah and men ( S ) ug as sinbad come to the surface with the half - drow sokurah . he join the crew in swim toward the ship , towing sokurah with he . ~ exp . side of ship ( S ) 50 sinbad sokurah and other 50 as they clamber up the side on rope drop from the deck into the water . sinbad help the cough sokurah up onto the deck . ext , section of ship' rail ( x ) 51 sinbad sokxurah and other sl as sinbad pull up the drip sokurah who have be overcome with sea water , parisa and sadi be at the raile parisa fling she arm about sinbad 's neck . parisa ( to sinbad ) my prayer be answer . you be safe . sinbad . ( pull she off . with a smile ) we be still not out of danger . ( shouting to crew ) hoist all saili full starboard ruddert ... head for deep watert the crewmen scramble to carry out the erder as sinbad manage to get sokurah over the rail . ext . the ship 52 full shop ( X or m ) 52 as the sail catch the wind and the ship atarta to move swiftly out to sea . ~e ~ 53 5k. ext . section of ship' rail ( y ) 55 " ext , deck of ship ( 's ) | 558 55 B '' 55 '' the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -- - 17 July 5 , 1957 > ext , the reach and cyclop full shot ( h-s - =d ) 3 Tho cyclops wade out slowly into the water , then he dip hia arm beneath the surface of the sea , come up with the magic lamp hold in he outstretch palm . close shot ckclop ( h-s-d ) sh lamp in hand . sinbad parisa and sadi 55 as they watch the cyclops recover the lamp . sinbad . ' sot ... the giant recover the wonderful 's lamp . parisa he be content to let we go . sinbad ( turn ) -- and be we man of magic content ? sinbad look over to the prostrate form of sokurah on the | deck ( out of scene ) . . medium shot sokurah and harupa ssa harupfa ( sly smile ) he make no complaint , Captain ... close two shot sinbad and parisa at rail ( '' ) ssb sin bad take he to my cabin . a glass or rum be the magic he need now . medium shot sokxurah and harufa ( S ) 55 '' harufa ohuckle . he lift sokurah a wes dissolve to : tx 18 = ext . the ship ( xx ) - 55d % sail on toward bagdad . ss D ix dissolve to : . sinbades cabin = day ( '' ) 56 ovo medium shot sinbad sokurah parisa sadi 56 sinbad sit at he captain 's table . sokurah stand at the cabin window , look out to sea . parisa and sadi be seat , watch interestedly . sokurah appear fully recover from he drown . sinbad , plotting he ship 's position on a map , tess he divider down . sinbad you forget one thing , my friend . the cyclops will be on guard noweee besides they great strength , they have the magic lamp as well . sokurah ( turn impatiently ) the cyclops have no speech . they can not invoke the power of the genieee . it be useless to theme . parisa eee and be the lamp so precious to you that you would risk you life . to live on a island with the cyclops and the other strange creature you speak of ? sokurah walk over to the table to face sinbad , and say : sokurah thore 1s nothing I would not do to possea itil many yoar ago , when I be but a studont in the art of wizardry , a old sorcerer tell I of the fantastic genie . I set out to find it , travel throughout the world for many yearse t last I find my lamp -- only to lose it when my ship be wreck on the shore of coloasa , . parisa now you have lose it a second time . fan 19 mar 56 continued : 56 sokurah ( confidently ) yes , but I shall have the lamp again ... and a great deal morel sinbad who be you ? sokurail ( bow ) I be know as sokurahe sinbad what be you then -= - a magician ? sokurah I nave some skill . 4 56A two shot parisa and sokurah : 56 a parisa if you be indeed a magician , why do not you use you power to slay >) the one -ey monster ? : sokurah I have a potion prepare for just such & purpoS@eoe ( smile ) seo but I could not convince the cyclops to swallow ite sokurah turn to sinbad , reach into he tunic and pull out a leather bag , drop its content on the table . 57 insert : the captain table : 57 , as a shower of gem rain upon ite sokurah' voice 1 for the wonderous lamp == and for you help ... camera pan off the table to closeup of sokurah whose beady black eye : be boring into camera sokurah eee a King 's ransom in jewel . be * the 7fh voyage of sinbad revise page oo 20 duly 5 , 1957 58 close shot sinbad ( yx ) - 58 though he be impressed by the fortune he eye see , he push the jewel across the table toward sokurah without a moment 's hesitation . ' sinbad you ambition have nearly cost we we life already . sokurah . ( intensely ) Captain , the storm which drive you ship to the island have wreck many vessel on its shore ... the treasure of a hundred year have be gather by the cyclops . ( indicate jewel ) the wealth that await we on the island be worth a thousand time more than what you see . sinbad we be on a important mission for the caliph of bagdad . ro 59 two shot parisa and sadi ( y ) 59 parisa turn a pleasant look to sinbad . 60 close shot sinbad ( x ) 60 sinbad '' we presence theré mean the difference between war and peace . i'11 not risk it by turn back . that be my final word . a storm of frustration surge in sokurahe window . 61 close shot sokurah ( y ) he struggle to control himself , then turn with a force smile . scene 62 omitted he walk to the 61 a _~ ont \- rf be the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -- 21 July 5 , 1957 628 two shot sinbad and sokurai ( y¥ ) 624 sokurah . ( with a touch of . prophecy ) perhaps after we be safely in bagdad you will be persuade to feel differently about the venture ... sinbad ( smile ) I doubt it . come , I will show you to you quarter , with fair winda , we will reach port in five day . sokurah bow to parisa and sadi , then follow sinbad out . . dissolve tos 1 ext . sinbad be shif - day 63 full shot ( m or X ) 63 : the ship be in full sail , all canvas set , a it akimsa over the wave . ext . ship' mainmast ( S ) 6h up angle crow' nest sinbad 6h , he sight to the east . sinbad ' ( call ) land hot the tower of basrai ext . deck of ship ( 8s ) 65 medigm shot sinbad and harufa 65 harufa be at the wheel of the ship . sinbad slide down tne vigging : rope , drop beside he . . sinbad run up the blue pennant to the sop gallant that swift rider may be dispatch to bagdad . fhe city will be rejoice when we arrive . t harupa aye , my Captain . ee ) be : tie 7th voyage of binkal . revise pago -- 22 daly 5 , 1957 `s continued : `s harufa set off to carry out sinbad 's order . . quick dissolve to : ext . CITY of bagdad - day ( X ) 66 ' establishing shot 166 two rider streak across the sand to the city beyond , ext . street of bagdad 67 welcoming procession ( X ) 67 through as sinbad and parisa be carry through the shouting , through 0 70 celebrate throng in a sedan chair . int . sedan chair 7 . sinbad and parisa ( y¥ ) '' FL sinbad smile happily ; parisa react with amazement to the joyful welcome they be receive . parisa my lord sinbad be a very great prince in he country . sinbad ( modestly ) the people rejoice for the news I bring : peace between you father 's kingdom and ours . parisa ( slightly mock ) and do you love I only to save bagd from destruction 's sinbad I love you because I cannot do otherwise . you eye be mightier than all you father 's army . parisa smile , she kiss sinbad -= they both laugh happily . sound of the oes . celebrationa rise to a crescendo as we : dissolve to : dm the 7th voyage gf sinzad ' revise page -- 23 duly 5 , 1957 ext . calipus palace and ground = day ( S ) '' 71 k establishing shot ia 72 full shot step of caliph' palace ( S ) 72 the caliph stand before the entrance , attend by several slave and palace dignitary , sinbad lead parisa to greet the caliph . the caliph open he arm in a welcoming gesture , caliph Three time welcome , sinbad . you have do wonder to avert a war , sinbad ... ( turn to parisa ) and what fair prize be this ? sinbad princess parisa , the daughter of the sultan of chandra ... pledge to be my bride ... a symbol of last friendship between we kingdom . caliph ' ' ( pleased ; reacting ) welcome as a daughter , my child , for I love sinbad as my own son . fxm 72 continued : 02 parisa I thank you , Sir . my father , the sultan send he wish for you health . he will arrive within a week to attend we wedding . caliph splendid ! and a royal wedding it shall be , with all the honors of we courtece the caliph take the arm of sinbad and parisa , lead they off . caliph tell I all about you voyage , sinbad . sinbad a strange voyage and a strange tale it be , my caliph . for ~ dissolve to : int . palage banquet room ( 8 ) / G , ) 73 medium shot a huge go 73 a nubian slave strike the go and sokurah -~ now magnifi - - cently dress in a long black robe -- enter through the curtain and move to where the caliph , sinbad and parisa be seat together on mat at a low table , dining in the manner of the easte sokurah bow before the caliphe sokurah we I be highly honore you have - summon I , you highness . caliph sinbad say you be a man of umusual power , it be we wish that you demonstrate you skill at a welcoming feast for the sultan of chandra . rno sokurah you wish be grant even before it . be ask . I promise a performance : such as will live in the caliph 's to memory for all he day -= may they be many . be the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -- 25 daly 5 , 1957 73 continued : 73 caliph ~ you please I already . sokurah you palace be a jewel of comfort and hospitality oe . b utooe caliph but ? sokurah : my happiness will be complete if you would grant but a single wish . sokurah 's manner with the caliph be one of ceremonial politeness . but a slight hint of irony intrude , make sokurah 's attitude one of veile disdain , rather than sub - servience . caliph State it . sokurah 4 fast ship and a well - armed crew to return to my island . caliph ship be costly , and life be not to be waste . sokursah produce a : parchment scroll which he unroll for the caliph . on it be the design for a huge crossbow . sokurah I have the design of a new weapon , @ great crossbow , which will pro - tect the man from harm . caliph ( look at the seroll ! I can not judge , for I have not see the one - eye giant ... sinbad , what be you opinion ? int . banquet room ( S ) 7h another angle featuring sinbad 7h sinbad tale of we voyage have already spread through bagdad . no one dm the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page o- 26 July 5 , 1957 rm th continued : 7h sinbad ( cont would ) ~ but a madman would ever sail a ship back to colossa . 7s group shot sokurah caliph parisa and sinbad 75 the man , sokurah , glare darkly at sinbad for he adverse comment . caliph ( hold out the seroll ) : sinbad 's word be my word . sokurah ( take the seroll ) until the sultan 's feastooe the magician move off quickly . sinbad and parisa stare after he . dissolve to : r~ ext . palace lookout tower - day ( S ) 76 .up angle 76 as the palace lookout sight a object o.s. in the distance . he raise a long bugle to he lip and blow a regal fanfare . th coy the ( th voltage up slnbaud revise page <= 27 July 5 , 1957 ext . palace courtyard = day 77 welcoming procession for sultan ( X ) 77 through Series of shot of the sultan 's procession as it move through 80 from the palace gate through the wide courtyard to 8o - . the palace itself . the sultan be be carry in a sedan chair . ext , palace door ( S ) 82 medium shot 81 parisa break through a group of '' palace attendant , as she see sultan 's procession 0.8 . int . sedan chair ( '' ) | 82 the sultan 82 he be a stern and impose man , less benevolent and kindly - look than the caliph , more the warrior- ruler type . abruptly the side curtain of the chair be draw back , and parisa climb quickly in beside the sultan , who embrace she warmly , he feature lighten with he genuine affection for he daughter . sultan ( hugging she ) my child ... my child . : parisa ( happily ) I could not wait for you to arrive . sultan be you all right ? be you neppy ? parisa very . I love sinbad more with each sunrise . sultan I have such doubt after I let you go ... ( sternly ) if any harm have come to you , they would have pay with a thousand life , parisa ( draw back ; smile ) do not make yourself angry . you must smile , for the caliph be very nice , he have prepare a great feast and celedration in you honor , 28 > 82 continued : 82 i / sultan if my daughter be happy , I have honor enough . | ex ?. sedan chair ( y ) 83 medium close shot sultan and parisa 63 as they leave the chair and move toward the palace door . sound of the welcoming celebration 0.8. all around they . dissolve to : int . palace banquet room ( S ) 8h . full shot sultan caliph and other 8h . * the sultan and the caliph be seat side by side at the long banquet table , with sinbad and parisa next to they . the remain of the feast be be clear away by a group of attendant , and the palace musician be play in the bege S pull shot dancers ( X ) 85 a dozen beautiful harem girl be just finish a dance . 86 medium shot caliph and sultan ( S ) 86 the sultan be doze . as the applause bring he to , the~ caliph hand he a ceremonial water - pipe . sultan ( apologetically ) my sense be heavy from you excellent feast , o caliphese caliph I have arrange a presentation which I hope will rouse you '' interest , 0 sultan ... summon ' sokurah the magician -= 1 | : the slave bow in response to the caliph 's command and move | ° off . - . : int . palace ante -room ( '' ) ' '' ~ 86a medium shot sokurah and sadi 86a they stand before a huge earthen jar . half a dozen giant fam 29 86a continued : 864 bare - chest guard be stand in readiness to carry it . . sokurah be attire in a rich costume and flow cape . he be earnestly address sadi . sokurah not only will you triumph in the struggle between good and evil , put you will be change into the most exotic woman in all bagdad . sadi ( anxious ) what must I do ? there be the sound of a go 0 oose - sokurah leave everything in my hand . e he clap he hand , and the guard move to pick up the earthern jare ~ 86b close shot two guard 86b as they lean they head in to pick up the handle . first guard ( whisper ) any change in that one would be a improvementece second guard ( nod briefly ) do not look on she -- you may turn to stone they pick up the jar and move forward '' em@ , palace . banquet room - night ( '' ) 87 angle near entrance sokurah sadi the . guard 87 sokurah , follow by sadi and the guard , enter and bow low toward the caliph and he guest . the guard set the earthern jar on the floor , then step back a few pace behind it . they be obviously very attractive to sadi . one of the guard hold a long-handled , broad - blade battle - axe . 874 close shot sultan and sinbad '' % , ' 87 k the sultan register mild intereste . mda 87a 88 89 89a 90 ° 91 the 7th voyage of sinbad revise pa -- 30 July 5 , 1957 continued : 87a sultan - be that not sadi , my daughter 's wait - woman ? sinbad it be . she have agree to be the magician 's subject . sultan if he can make she a happy woman , he be indeed a great magician . her voice turn honey to vinegar . another angle featuring sokurah 'o 88 as he lead sadi to the side of the very large earthen jar , then clap he hand . the first and second guard come up . tight two shot sadi and guard ( D ) 89 as sadi give they a definitely flirtatious look . the guard coldly look through she . she react by freezing in turn . fhe guard lift she easily and place she inside the urn . full shot sokurah and he group 898 the palace musician play a eerie melody to accompany sokurah 's action . the magician gesture to one of the guard , who bring he a tightly woven reed basket , then retire to the b.g. again , hold the large ornamental battle - axe across he chest . . 1 close shot sokurah and basket ( D ) 90 as sokurah remove the 1id from the basket , thrust in he . hand and draw forth a large , writhe cobra . sound of audience reaction from o.s . camera pan with sokurah as he carry the snake to the large earthen jar , hold it aloft for a moment , then drop the snake into the jar with sadi , two shot sinbad and parisa '' - - 91 as they react . parisa ( tense whisper ) she will be kill sinbad shake he head slightly , lay a comforting hand on parisa 's arm , camera pan to two shot of the caliph and the = :' sultan , both stare at the earthen jar . : sultan ( quietly ) Allah have mercy on they both . fxm 92 93 oh 95 958 95 B 96 31 medium close shot sokurah 92 as he stand beside the earthen jar , he arm extend over it in a hypnotic gesture . from each hand he pour a small vial of color fluid into the jar ( a slight flash and puff ef smoke appear ) . sound and tempo of the b.g. music rise slowly as he perform this action . his lip move in secret incantation , but he voice be a murmur beneath the musice with a final dramatic gesture , sokurah lower he armse close shot ( D ) 93 for a moment , nothing happen ; then , in time with the music , the head of sadi slowly rise above the rim of the jar -- but it be a transformed sadi . her plain feature have become exotic , and she head be sheathed in a strange headdress . sound of a surprised intake of breath from the caliph 'ts guest . another angle the two guard oh the guard ! interest in sadi be already increase , judge from they rapt expression . sokurah come up and take the ornamental axe from one of theme ll shot sadi and earthen jar ( h-¥ -d ) ‘~ 95 sadi 's head be still all that show , weaving in time with the msic . sokurah move up behind the earthen jar , carry the large wide - blade axe . close shot sadi 958 she move she head from side to side in the hypnotic weave of a cobras full shot sad ) . barthen jar _ ( h-y-d ) 95b ith a single stroke of the axe , sokurah shatter the jar . it fall away in piece , revealing sadi as a combination serpent - girl . her body be segment and taper , like that of a anake , and four long tendril exist in place of she arma . two shot caliph and sultan 96 as they react . sultan it be not possible . I be asleep . caliph if so , I share you dream . camera pan to two shot of sinbad and parisa to catch they reaction to sadi 's appearance . parisa be wide - eye . a ) fxm 98 99 through 102 103 10h : 105 105 a 107 32 close shot sadi ( h -' -d ) : 97 as she writhes and weave in a sensuous dance , to a entirely different rhythm which the musician be now play . close shot the guard 98 as sokurah return the ornamental axe . they be stunne and entrance with the spectacle of sadi . . sadi be dance ( h- y-d ) 99 Series of angle on the dance she perform , weaving through she way to the banquet table , where she use each set 102 of tendril to gently carea the face of the caliph and the sultan close shot sokurah 103 he lift he arm in a gesture of command . the music change again , gain in tempo , rise toward conclusion moving shot sadi ( h - y¥ ) 10k. as she weave from the banquet table back to where one of the guard stand , hold the axe across he cheste she circle in front of the guard twice . : three shot sadi guard and sorcerer ( h-y-d ) 105 the snake- like lower portion of sadi 's body begin to coil back on itself , encircle she waist in a tight grip . the tendril of arm writhe as though fight with she for domination , then they wind themselves about she neck . sadi 's face show fear and alarm , as do that of the guard . close shot sultan and caliph 1054 caliph the current be destroy the birl loos group shot sadi guard and sorcerer ( h-y-d ) 106 as sadi struggle helplessly in the coil , the two guard move in to help . one of they raise the axe as if he would cut the serpent in two , but sokureah quickly take off he cape and throw it over sadi . there be a flash of light ; a whirling cloud of smoke envelop sadi . two shot sinbad and parisa ( '' ) 107 as they react , parisa rise , show great alarm fxm 33 107 continued : 107 partsa - ( gasp ) sadil parisa run out . sinbad follow . 108 three shot sadi and the two guard ( for ) ~ 108 as the smoke cleara we see sadi , now restore to she form as a human be . she tremble for a moment as though waking from a dream state or trance , then start to fall forward in a faint . the guard cateh she , lift she in they strong arm . the axe and the serpent have disappear , leave only a few ash to mark they place . the guard look at each other in defeat . parisa run in . parisa " / sadi -= be you all right ? joe sadi open one eye a tiny bit , and a quick smile of conapiracy eross she lip . parisa relax . parisa ( to sokurah ) I fear the serpent would kill heprese sokurae I assure you you handmaiden be unharme . sokurah gesture , and the guard carry sadi from the room , obviously displease by they task . sadi luxuriate in they arm scene 109 omitted . , “e 1210 110 another angle medium shot parisa sokurah and sinbad e( S ) as the caliph and the sultan run in . sokurah bow low . , caliph well do , sokurah . you be truly aman of great skill . sokurah if I have pleased you , I hope you will reconsider my request for a expedition to colossa . caliph + I do not change my mind so quickly . open not uni to I 112 ; 113 3h continued : 2120 sokurah ( hint of menace ) perhaps a further demonstration of my power be necessaryece sultan . can you foresee the future ? the art of prophecy have alwaya fasci nate I . : sokurah ( pause ; think ) I can , upon occasion , foretell eertain event . t4o shot caliph and sultan 21221 tne sultan lean over and whisper with the caliph . the caliph nod , then look back to sokurah . caliph it would please we to have you look into the future of we two countriese close shot soxurak 112 a sokurah - as you higness wish . I shall require a brazier of live coal . '' caliph you shall have they . guardi sokurah ( a bit ominous ) May the unseen force grant that I see only good . two shot sinbad and parisa ( y ) 113 they be seat very close together now . sinbad have he arm around parisa , and she head rest on he shoulder . she be pleasantly excited at the come prophecy . sinbad perhaps sokurah can foretell the year of we happiness -= parisa ( put she head on he shoulder ) '' - or. how many young prince we shall have . fxm ro 113 , 4 ~~ ~ 35 continued : 113 a curtain part behind they and sadi appearse * sadi ( stern whisper ) be this how you conduct yourself - the moment my back be turn ? the wedding be not until tomorrow . parisa lift she head from sinbad 's shoulder , and both turn to look at sadi . medium close shor soxurah ( S ) 11h as a palace guard set a brazier of glow coal before he , then move off . the magician remove a vial of pqwder from he clock . he sprinkle the powder over the coal , and they begin to burn with a intense greenish light . the magician peer into this light , he eye grow large and blank . camera move in to closeup of sokurah who seem to enter . a trance state . his face be a glow mask , take on eerie shadow as the fire die down , the room become darkere sokurah '' ( hollowly ; intone ) my spirit race ahead of time itself . ask you question . : caliph what do you see here in bagdad ? sokurah hesitates for a long moment . his face change , a though he fight a powerful emotion . sokurah I see ... but I can not speak . caliph you msti sokurah ( slowly ; hollowly ) I see a great disaster . I seeeee I can not teil . he pause . caliph go oni I command youl sokurah there be great building fall . woman and child slain ... I see war . War between bagdad and chandra . mda a we a 116 117 of tn the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page <= 36 July 5 , 1957 two shot caliph and sultan 115 as they react . they stare in amazement for a moment toward sokurah , then look at each other , as though to reassure themselves . caliph ( to magician ) you liel sultan what of my daughter 's wedding ? close shot sokurah ( y¥ ) 116 sokurah there will be no wedding ... mysterious and evil force be gather , and the wedding be - joicing shall be turn to mourn ! another angle sokurah and sinbad ( y ) 117 as sinbad leap across the table , kick over the brazier of glow coal and hurl the magician to the floor . it be as though he have break a evil spell . light come up , and the ominous hush be break by the babble of voice . camera pan with sinbad as he turn to the caliph and the sultan . caliph you do well , sinbad . sinbad I could not bear to have this charlatan frighten the princess . the magician get slowly to he foot , try to conceal he rage beneath a surface of wounded dignity . he bow stiffly toward the caliph . . sokurah I speak at you insistence . the event my spirit see lurk as dire possibility . if you request , TI shall use my power to disperse the evil force and avert such disaster . fxm _ 17 — _ 118 ps ue 120 37 continued : 117 caliph in return I presume I must give you the ship and sailor you desira . > sokurah such a gift of gratitude would seem fitting . close shot the caliph 118 caliph ( become angry ) sot you lie be a cheap scheme to force I to grant you wish . ( point ) get outl you have commit treason against both bagdad and chandra . if you be find within we border by tomorrow sunset , you eye will be tear out , that you may see no more evil dreamsl close shot sokurah 119 as he receive this sentence he feature grow cold with restrain rage . two guard start to escort sekuran out of the room . with a final venomous glare at sinbad , the magician turn and move off quickly between the guard . medium shot caliph sultan sinbad and parisa 120 as they watch the magician exit , a ominous hush fall over the banquet hall . the clang of the door close after he break the silence ; the caliph seize he wine glass , lift it high . caliph to the wedding -- and we last friendship '' the sultan lift he glass , and they drink the caliphis toast . sinbad embrace parisa protectively as we : dissolve to : oe 38 int . palace corridor - night 121 redium shot sinbad and parisa t21 as sinbad lead parisa to the doorway of she chamber . they pause outaide the door , and sinbad take parisa 's hand in 's hise . sinbad goodnight ... though I wish the night be go . parisa ( smile ) tomorrow will come soon . and all the night thereafter will be welcome . I cannot imagine waking to see you face , inatead of sadi 's . sinbad «+ . she be indeed tranaformed tonight by the magician . suppose that he prophecyece ' parisa ( lightly ) — I will dream of danger he predict so you can rescue me parisa smile , and they gently kiss goodnight . dissolve 70 : sp , parisa' chamber - night ( y¥ ) han 122 medium close shot parisa 1 122 camera shoot down angle at parisa as she lie asleep in she bed , one arm outstretch over the coverlet . lighting be low key , seominz to come from a single candle which burn on a stand beside parisa 's bed in a ornate holder . camera move in to a close shot of parisa 's face . she be breathe quietly , very beautiful in sleep . yi?ea sedium close shot a curtained window 122a a figure , silhouett against tne moonlight , lurk behind the curtain . though we be close to the face , we can not see who it be . svm 39 123 big closeup the candle 123 the flame burn normally for a moment , then sputter , as though start to consume some new substance through the wick . slowly the flame change in color , give off atrange hue , and a thread of bluish smoke whirl upward from the candle . spark fly . tha light flicker nervously . 12h . close shot parisa : 12 as she breathes , the first hint of amoke from the flicker candle . she stir softly , then falla back into a even deeper sleep . the bluish haze grow slightly thicker about she . ' 12ha close shot figure in curtained window 12ha the flicker light brighten fitfully so that we see the figure be sokurah . he take a aatisfy look , then exita quietly . 125 another angle ' the candle ( h - y-d ) 125 : show the flame burn strongly , a thick strand of smoke curling upward from it . prominent in the f.g. of the scene be parisa 's hand , outstretch on the bed . as we watch , she hand begin to grow smaller in all dimension . as it shrinka , it be draw slowly out of the edge of the scene , follow parisa 's dwindling body . 126 insert : close shot candle 126 : huge closeup of the candle , the flame fill the acreen .s pade out , fade in : ° int . palace throne room - day ( 8s ) 127 medium shot caliph sinbad sultan and other 127 a number of attendant be present , make final preperation for the wedding , which be to be hold in the throne room . the caliph 4a gesture , talk with sinbad and the sultan . caliph ( point ) eoe the procession will pass through that coor , pause here before the throne , where the sultan and I shall be seat equally . then -- avn ho 127 he be interrupt by the appearance of sadi , who hurry into scene and bow before the sultan . she be obviously disturb . 127 continued : sultan what be it you wish ? sadi my Lord , the door to the princess parisa 's chamber be lock -- I can not awaken she ! sinbad ( reacting ) she do not answer ? sadt no , my Lord . my hand be numb from pounding.ce . sinbad turn and arun toward the door . the sultan and the caliph watch in surprise , then move after he . int . palace corridor ( S ) 128 moving shot sinbad 128 as he run at top speed down the corridor , move toward and into camera , obscure it . 129 another angle sinbad as he pull himself to a stop before parisa 'a door . he hammer he fist against the door , catch hia breath . 129 sinbad ( call ) parisai ... princessl hardly pause for a answer , he hurl he shoulder against the door . it give slightly . he crash against the door again and the lock shatter . with a final blow he hurl the door open . int . parisa 's chamber ( y ) 130 angle toward door sinbad 130 as he thrust the door aside and move into the room , look first at the bed , then , not see parisa , around the chamber . sinbad ? parisal Whore be you ? parisa 's chamber - deck of ship om 15 ) = 153 150 om wa 151a svn ~ 130 131 ya continued : 130 parisa' voice ( faintly ) sinbad -- I be here .... on the pillow ! look closely ! sinbad hear , look back toward the bed . he react , show shock and disbelief . close shot parisa' pillow parisa ( h - y-d ) 131 at the head of the bed , on the pillow ( large prop ) which hold just she head before , stand the tiny figure of parisa , she 4s only a few inch tall . her voice , when she speaka , be slightly higher in pitch than before , and quite amall in volume . sinbades voice ( rub he eye ) no ... it can not be see . parisa it be . the world have grow very large overnight . 7 ~ int , parisa' chamber 132 another angle sinbad and parisa ( h - y¥ -d ) 132 as sinbad kmeel beside the bed , bring he face close to the pillow . his expression slowly change from diabelief to stunne and sorrowful acceptance . sinbad ( softly ) it 's true ... it be you , my darling . parisa nod , unable to speak for emotion . sound of a commotion in the corridor o.s. and of people enter . int . parisa' chamber ( S ) 133 angle toward door sultan and caliph . " 133 as they enter , follow shortly by sadi . sinbad stand to meet they . sultan where be my daughter ? sinbad , sadly turn toward the tiny parisa atand on the pillow 0.8 . 13h 135 136 , scene 1h0 the 7th voyage of sinbad , revisod para <= 2 duly 5 , 1957 close shot the sultan 13h as he react to see the tiny parisa . his dark featuré swell with rage . he turn on the caliph . sultan ( roaring ) ten thousand devil ! what evil sorcery be this ? medium shot sinbad caliph and sultan ( h - y¥ -d ) 135 as they gather around parisa 'ts pillow , where she stand . sultan my daughter , be 1 '' you ? speak -- tell I my eye lie . parisa you see truly , my father . medium up shot parisa 's Pov 136 fhe sultan turn slowly toward the caliph , raise one huge fist above he head , emphasize he word , sultan I would have borne any insult «= but my dear one , my daughtereee the sultan walk slowly to the window . sultan ( continue ; intensely move ) bagdad shall be utterly destroy , my army will leave no soul alivel 137 thru 139 omitted medium shot 1h90 sinbad rise quickly , turn to sadi , who move in toward the bed . sinbad do not let you mistress out of you sight . sinbad move quickly to the door . camera panning to show he exit . sound of the caliph plead and sultan threaten - ing continy o.s . 1h0 the 7th voyage of sinbad , add page -= 42a : duly 5 , 1957 condinued = 140 ~ : . caliph - oh mighty sultan , consider this word you speak -- sultan 5 ( point out . window ) look upon you city . enjoy the eight -- for it will soon bo rubble and bleach boneal . int . palace corridor ( S ) : - oe - '' 4 k = angle '' shot sinbad uy as he run swiftly down the corridor , disappear around be a corner . loa int . palace corrtdor # 2 ( S ) 1h2 another angle sinbad and guard . w2 as sinbad run toward camera , bring himself to a halt before a doorway lead onto the corridor . the doorway be open . sinbad peer in briefly , then turn to a palace ) guard atand at attention near the doorway . oo mda the 7th voyage of sinbad revise pa -- h3 July 5 , 1957 continued : 12 sinbad * the magician -- where be he ? guard depart but a few moment ago , my lord . sinbad turn , run again , down the corridor and out of sight . ext . palace courtyard ( S ) 143 medium shot palace gate sokurah as sokurah move toward the gate , a smug smile on he face , he hear the sound of palace door slamm and run foot - step . he pause , turn . sinbades voice ( call ) sokurahi ... wait ! sokurah wait , he face impassive , as sinbad move quickly into the scene , confront he . sinbad the princess parisa .o.. she have become -- sokurah I know . in my vision I see she fate , but I fear to speak of it . you anger be too great . sinbad tell I -- can you help she ? sokurah ( after pause ) possibly . but it involve great risk . sinbad if she can be help , I will do anything ! sokurah I can not turn back , if I be within bagdad at sundown , my eye shall be dark forever . mda the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -- daly 5 , 1957 143 . continued : 7 143 sinbad . I will answer to the caliph for ° that . now come , quickly ! sokurah hesitates a second , then nod he calm acceptance . sinbad begin hurry he back toward the palace as we : quickly dissolve to : int . parisa' chamber ( 3 ) - day uy medium shot caliph hh the caliph sit disconsolately on '' the edge of the bed , he head in he hand , sinbad and the magician appear at the door and enter . sinbad look around quickly , see that parisa , sadi and the sultan be go . the caliph searcely glance up at they intrusion , sinbad where be they ? -- where be the princess ? caliph go to the sultan 's ship . they be prepare to sail . I have no hope of stop he ... ( notice sokurah ) curse omen of doom -- do you not value you life ? sinbad he return at my bid , 0 caliph . he claim with good fortune the princess can be restore in a month . the caliph react to this news . slowly he stand , face sinbad and sokurah . caliph ( sorrowfully ) foo long . the sultan 's army will camp on the ruin of the palace in less time . : mo ws the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -- h5 & h6 July 5 , 1957 another angle featuring sinbad 145 sinbad . ( determine ) if it be a month we need -- a month we shall have ! dissolve to : fxm the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -- hh ? July 5 , 1957 ext . deck of ship ~ day ( S ) 1,6 medium shot sultan and crew '' ane the sultan stand on the quarter - deck with he ship 's captain , sultan ( angrily give order to the captain ) set all sailt prepare to cast offi 147 another angle head of gangway sinbad ( S ) 47 as sinbad run up the gangway , pause to look around as he come onto the deck . captain voice ( ealling ) raise the gangwayl sinbad waitt 148 medium shot sultan and sinbad ( S ) ( c & ) 148 as they move the meet each other . the sultan be very grim and angrye sultan be you so tired of life that you would confront I now ? sinbad kill I if you wish ... will that restore you daughter ?. sultan ( stop for a moment ) will anything ? sinbad with the help of Allah , yesi sultan you lie -- I want no promise of false hope . go -= - leave while you be ablesee sinbad if you take the princess now , you will never know if I lie or speak the truth . but leave she here with I and within one month she shall be well and happye D 149 a 150 151 152 153 the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -=- July 5 , 1957 two shot sultan and sinbad 149 as the sultan step close to sinbad , glaring at he . sultan ( turn , call ) sadii bring you mistress . another angle sinbad sultan and sadi ( S ) 150 as sadi approachos , carry parisa ( model ) , who 1s pertly sit on a pillow . sultan if thisisaruse to gain time for the caliph and he army , every stene in bagdad will mark a gravee close angle favoring parisa on a pillow ( h-¥-d ) 151 sultan parisa , would you be with this man in this accurse country or return to chandra . with I ? the sultan speak as though sure of he answer , feel certain he will win out over sinbad . parisa Father , I love sinbad . I trust he with my life . close shot sultan ( s- =d ) 152 eis face reflect the struggle of he emotion ; pride and anger fight with he love for parisa and he desire to take any chance to help she . for a long moment the decision be in doubt . . sultan ( grimly ) you have one month , sinbadees and only oneeee another angle featuring sinbad ( h-y-d ) 153 sinbad qur thanks , mighty sultan parisa look up at he lovingly . 15h . int . the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -- 9 duly 5 , 1957 medium shot group ( s-d ) ~ 15h sinbad turn , take the pillow from sadi , hold parise ( h-model ) carefully cradle in it . sinbad move toward the gangwaye dissolve to : caliph' throne room ( S ) 155 156 157 158 medium shot caliph sinbad magician 155 they be gather before the caliph 's throne , discuss the month 's reprieve and the mean of restore parisa . sinbad ( to sokurah ) tell we quickly , what must be do . sokurah there be one secret potion -- to remove the evil charm . sinbad then mix the potion with no more delaye sokurah we lack the most vital drug of the mixture . a piece of shell from the egg of the giant bird call the roce close shot sinnpad ( s$ ) 156 sinbad ( reacting ) the monstrous bird which nest in the peak of colossa ? close shot soxurah | S ) 157 sokurah the same . without this shell , the potion be uselesse three shot featuring sinbad ( S ) 158 sinbad and the caliph grimly stare at sokurah for a moment . fxn the 7th voyage of sitbad revise page -= 50 and 51 July 5 , 1957 > 158 continued : 158 , ~ sinbad we have no choice , 0 caliph , I must sail for the island and bring pack the agg shell . sokurah no , the princess must go with we . for only in my castle can the potion be use . caliph I will order you ship to be pro= vision at once . sinbad ( to sokurah ) we will need you for the giant crossbow . ( to caliph ) the palace jeweler can make a tiny home for the princess se caliph ' where will you find a crew , sinbad ? sinbad the bravest of my former man will sail with I . caliph but that will not be enough to man the ship . where will you find other ? : 159 close shot sinbad 159 sinbad i*til find they -- where man fear the headman* axe more than the cyclopse dissolve to : 3 ext . bagdad prison - day ( S ) |. y~ 160 establishing shot 160 the prison be a grim , high - wall building , with narrow window , a moat , and guard station on corner turret . quick dissolve to : the 7th voyage of sinbad revise ruge -- b 2 duly 5 , 1957 ext . prison courtyard ( S ) - day 161 162 163 scene 167 full shot prisoner 161 tne courtyard be surround by the stone wall of the prison . a number of prisoner be already stand in the courtyard and other be be herde in through a wide door lead into the prison building . medium shot sinbad harufa and guard 162 on a raisad platform at one side of the courtyard , sinbad and harufa stand with several armed prison guard and a colorfully uniform attendant from the caliph 's palace . the attendant raise a long trumpet and blow a fanfare of the kind use to announce official proclamation , the prisoner become quiet , and sinbad step forward on the platform . sinbad I be Captain sinbad ... I be here with a offer of fresdom for that with the courage to take itl ! panning shot the prisoner 163 as they react to sinbad 's word . a low laugh of disbelief and derision sweep over they . camera pan slowly over the sea of face , as see by sinbad . the prisoner be without exception a grim , harden , violent lot . camera hold on the toughest of the entire group -- a large , brawny man with a tar pigtail and a pock -mark face . tnis be kharim , leader of the prisoner and they spokesman . kharim ( mock laugh ) : freedom ! we have forget what freedom mean | medium close shot sinbad . 16h sinbad I have come to raise a crew for @ hard and dangerous voyage to the Island of colossa 165 and 166 omitted . reverse angle the prisoner 167 as they react . a low murmur of surprise and scorn sweep over they . they look at ono another , shaking tneir heada at such & roquost . 167 168 169 the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -- duly 5 , 1957 continued : 167 kharim the land of the cyclops} ! ~- we may be thief and murderer -- but wetre not fool } back to sinbad close shot 168 sinbad I offer you a full pardon . ° reverse angle the prisoner 169 as they react strongly , angry and fearful . it be a long moment before golar , a giant prisoner , silence they with a gesture of he huge arm . golar you offer we a choice of two kind of death , sinbad I fight with the cyclops and here I stand -- alive as you} ( point to harufa ) this man be at my side , and he sail with I again . scene 170 omitted . 171 another angle full shot ( S ) 171 the man gather in a large group , talk and mttere among themselves . sinbad and harufa stand fast , gaze over they . finally the prisoner look up at sinbad again . sinbad well , we need five and twenty man , what 'il it be -- freedom -- or the sharp edge of the headsman 's axe ? kharim ( look about he ) I will not lay my head on the block ? I will spit in the cyclops ' eye first ! sign I on ! kharim step forward to give he name to sinbad , who pre - pare to make the crew list . kharim 's decision sway the other , and many of they begin to form a line behind kharim 171 the 7th voyage of sinbad revise rage -- sh and 55 July 5 , 1957 continued : 171 as the other disperse . sinbad and harufa exchange smile as wlooe dissolve to : ext , ship' foredeck - day 172 full shot at gangway ( 8 ) CC ) 172 sinbad and the caliph be on deck watch the last of the supplies be load . in the background , a number of sailor be struggle with a huge oversize arrow which they be bring on board , sinbad ( call to the man ) take it forward -- and lash it down with the rest . the man carry the great arrow past camera as the caliph turn to look at they . caliph ( quiet aside ) I would rather sail with a ship - load of unleash tiger . sinbad ( tight smile ) on this voyage , courage be the only virtue require . it out - weigh all vice . scene 172a , 172b , 173 and 17 ) omitted . svm 56 's ) 17h continued : 17h caliph I would not say they lack courage -- else they would frighten each other ... fare - well , sinbad . May Allah fi11 you sail with favorable wind . the caliph lay a fatherly hand on sinbad 's shoulder for a brief moment , then turn and move off quickly . sinbad watch he leave , then turn toward the bow , lift he head to call out he order . sinbad ( call ) cast off the starboard bow linese . hoist the main 'i ! ext . ship' mainsail = day 175 up angle ( X ) 175 as the sail be hoist into position and swell out , catch - ing the breeze . sound of creak rope , ad lib command and shoute of the crew , with music up to cover as we : fade out , fade in : ext . sinbad be ship — day | 176 medium long shot ( m or X ) 176 '' as the ship sail on the open sea in a brisk wind , quick dissolve to : | int . sinbades cabin ( s-d ) - day 177 medium close shot sinbad 177 he enter and seat himself at he map table . parisa 'a jewele case , small ( prop ) , be on the table in the foreground . sinbad Tam here , parisa - = svm ST a 177a wsdium close down shot jeweled case ( large prop ) ( S ) 177a y parisa open the door a crack , look out , then move out of ~~. tne vox , the inside of the jewele case have be fitte and ~ padded so that parisa can comfortably sit in it . on the sidea be padded ring which she can clutch for support . as she stand near the map , leg apart , she atretch . sinbades yoice ah , my princess -- scene 178 omitted , 178a close shot sinbad parisa and jeweled case in f.g . ( 8 ) 178a ( h-f-mm ) ( D ) sinbad I fear it may be a long and tedious voyage for you . 1788 side angle ( see drawing 178 ) sinbad and parisa ( h-s-d ) 176b parisa , I shall never complain , as long os as I remain close to you . . cr - sinbad a dangerous voyage , too -= - in spite of all the plan we have make . 178c close down shot parisa near map ( S ) . 178 '' parisa ( smile ) if you be as small a I , you could walk unseen before the | giant . ! 178d close shct sinbad parisa and jeweled case in f.g. 178d / ( h-t-m ) ( D ) , sinbad they be not the only danger -= we must sail unchart water , with a doubtful crew . sinbad 'a finger ' trace the map . _ ) ) . interior ship 's S cabin 226-2383 7m ova 178p 58 close shot - parisa map in f.g. ( see drawing 251a ) 178e ( h- s-d ) she walk along the edge of the map , follow sinbad 's finger . . parisa ( smile ) I sometimes think of they sure prise if they could see I as amee close shot sinbad 178p " sinbad I do not trust they out of my sight ... op in it . camera move to a closeup of sinbad . there be deep forbode in he eye . dissolve to ; '' @ 179 the 7th voyage of sinbad revise rage -- 59 July 5 , 1957 ext . tilt ship - night full shot ( m or X ) 179 it sail through the silvery glitter of a full moon , - ext . deck of ship = day ( S ) 180 180 a _ 1808 full shot golar kharim jafa and other 180 tha mon be group at the ship 's rail , eat biscuit ond donna , gular wolf 's hia food , then turn he f'ace into the wind and breathes deeply . his huge chest grow even more massive . : golar ( exhaling ) tt 's good to eat hearty and be free againeece kharim free -- ? for what ? free to be bitten in half by a one - eye monster ? you be a fool , golaree . close shot sokurah ( S ) 180a he be start up the ladder to the deck , where the men-are talk . suddenly he stop to listen . kharim' voice eee we be all fool i group shot on deck ( S ) ; 1803 . japa what do you mean ? kharim if we be to fight for we life , let we fight against man -= not monster } there be a mutter of approval from the crew . kharim look around , then lower he voice . kharim ( continue ) there be rich prize ply the coastal water ... this ship can be ours for the take . golar what of that man who be loyal to the Captain ? taw tie 7th voyage or sinbad . revise page < = July 5 , 1957 180c close shot sokurah ( S ) 180 '' listen . kharim' voice - wo will feed they to the fishl sokurah move off towards sinbad 's cabin . 180d group shot on deck ( S ) . 180d kharim look up as if he see something , then motion the mon to silence . ext , deck of ship ( 8s ) 180e what he sees sokurah 180e he be sneaking along towards the Captain 's cabin . 180p close shot kharim and crew 180 pf kharim turn to the man with a smile . he nod . he head , and move off in sokurah 's direction . ext . stnbad' cabin 181 close shot at door sokurah ( S ) 1821 as he enter and knock lightly . sokurah ( softly ) I would have word with you , Captain . there be the sound of a bolt slide , and sinbad come out . . sokurah look about to make sure they be alone . sokurah ( continue ) there be sign of unrest among the crew ... I have hear dangerous muttering ee . sinbad I have harufa search the man . all weapon have be lock in the forward cabin . without knife or’ sword , they can do nothing . we have sail a week already . in a few more day we should reach the island . yy 182 the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page <= 61 . duly 5 , 1957 continued : 181 sinbad turn and enter the cabin . camera pan with solurah , as he move past a pile of trunk lash the the deck . wa discover kharim and golar watch sokurah closely . kharim daraw a knife and turn a wick smile to golar . scene 162 through 191 omitted . 192 tt . stnrad' carin - day medium shot sinbad and parisa ( h- s-d ) 192 sinbad move from the door to he table which be set with the mid-day meal . as he sit down , parisa venture out of she jewled case and sit on the cork of sinbad 's wine bottle . 's sinbad , start to eat , but put down he food . parisa something trouble you appetite , sinbad . . sinbad ee» lt shall be glad when we arrive . we cp 1928 1923 193 19h , the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page == 62 duly 5 , 1957 close down angle table top parisa 192a as she walk up from the cork to sinbad 's plate . she sit on the rim of the plate . parisa - ( smile ) how can you still love a tiny insignificant female like myself , sinbad ? close shot sinbad 192b he smile warmly . sinbad a diamond be a tiny thing ... yet it be very precious ... and beautiful . he move a hand towards parisa . close down shot sinbades hand parisa ( h-s-d ) 193 sinbad place he hand on the table near parisa , and she gently lay she hand on one of he finger . suddenly there be a sound of a crash up on the deck , follow by run footstep and the clash of swordsplay . sinbad leap up , overturn he chair , sinbad quickly -- princess ... clos= shot down angle table top parisa . 194 . as she leave she table , dash to the jewel box and climb into it quickly . she close the lid , int . cabin - day ( S ) 195 angle toward door 195 the door fly open as a heavy boot splinter it , golar , look beastial and terrifying , stand in the open , a huge wooden club in he hand , the sound of battle continue from above . ixmm 63 154 close shot sinbad 195a he stand take the measure of golar . 195b close down shot on table parisa 195b * she look out from she jewell case , then suddenly she eye be attract to the skylight above sinbad . 195 '' up shot the skylight 1956 as two mutineer crash through it and plummet down past camera ina shower of glass . ( Effects dept : check candy glass in Spain . 195d full shot the cabin 195d sinbad , forewarn , leap safely aside , whirling a chair at the oncoming golar as he do . the two new assailant drop into the scene . sinbad , he sword draw , engage they . 19se close shot golar : 195e he pick nimself up heavily . 195p full shot sinbad and assailant 195p y sinbad be give a good account of himself . he run one of the man through , and be about to account for the second . golar start for sinbad . 195g close down shot on table parisa 195 '' ! she see golar advance on sinbad and try to attract he : attention -- by jump up and down and shouting . parisa qver here -- you big --=- ught in desperation , she throw the bottle cork at he . 195h full shot sinbad and assailant 195h golar be about to bring he club down when he be attract by parisa 's voice . he turn and look -= unable to believe he eye . he reach out for parisa but she run inte she case . sinbad turn in time to deliver a stun blow the golar . he drop to the floor . sinbad pick up the jewell case , pocket it , then run for the cabin door . ext . deck of ship ( S ) '' 7 + 196 full shot crew and mutineer 196 the faithful man of sinbad 's former crew , armed with sword , be give a good account of themselves against the mutineera 196 197 scene 200 201 202 6h , continued : 196 who be armed only with belay pina . some of the mutineer be give up . . . another angle harufa and mutineer 197 harufa , armed , be fight gamely against a number of mutineerse the door to the passage - way burst open , and sinbad huris himself into the fight . sinbad slashea a rope , bring a sail canvas down upon the confuse mutineer . the balance of power be not heavily in favor of harufa and sinbad . they rout the mutineer . sinbad run after they , stop in front of the camera in a close shot . the exultation of victory drain from he face 198 and 199 omitted . what he sees soxurah and kharim 200 kharim have sokurah pin with he back to the mainmast , tne top of knarim 's sword at he throat ; kharim appear to be about to thrust the sword through sokurah . sinbades voice stop -- we surrender ! kharim halt , he sword point touch the magician 's throate the noise of battle die out around they . kharim turn toward sinbad 's voice . another angle sinbad 201l sinbad do not kill himt ( throw down he sword ) harufa , we must give up . full shot sinbad and other ( S ) 202 hapufa reluctantly drop he sword , and the few remain faithful crewmen drop they wooden club or capture weaponse the mutineer quickly begin gather they together . sinbad walk toward kharim , who lower he sword from sokurah . kharim ( ironically ) this be a touch show of friendshipi ... take they sword . the mutineer disarm sinbad and harufa . kharim flick he blade deftly at sokurah 's throat , cut the cord of he ne fxn 65 202 continued : ' 202 black cloak . he lift the cloak with the Point of hia aword and toss it to he confederate . kharim here ... the magician 'sa cloak will - make a flag for use ext . quarterdeck 203 medium shot kharim sinbad sokurah and harufa 203 kharim turn he attention to the captive . kharim ( shouting ) here be the man who would feed we to the one - eye monster ! what shall we do with they ? mutineer ' voice ( shouting discordantly ) hang they ! hang themi kharim ( to sinbad ) you hear the verdict . you hang at dawn ... and I wish you a night of pleasant dream t there be a throaty burst of laughter from the mutinserse kharim ( to sailor ) to that rash few who fight against we , I offer pardon , and the chance to join with ua <= or die on a ropel ext . MAIN deck 20h , full shot mutineer and captive 20h , as the few faithful of sinbad 's crew consider this alternative exp . quarterdeck ( S ) 205 new angle featuring kharim 205 xharim that who love death better than rich , step upt anu a 206 — . ia 2068 1 . , 2063 66 continued : 205 thera be a pause . no one move . then harufa step forward . kharim roughly push harufa towards sinbad . . kharim ( turn to crew ) put he with the other . ( turn to wheel ) helmsman -- teke a course due south . we will airole back to the trade route . anothsr angle featuring sokurah 206 the mutineer greet kharim 's order with a shout of joy . knarim herd sinbad and harufa down the step to the main deck , then push sokurah after they , but sokurah stop at the top of the step , lift he head toe shout over the mutineerse sokurah hear my curse -- for it seal you dooml his huge and deep voice bring a immediate silence . kharim be too startle to stop he . close shot sokurah' large eye ( h-s ) 206a sokurah that who harm we shall be drive make terror shall be in you heart , and before dawn you will plead with we for you very livesi another angle 2063 kharim come up to sokurah , kmeel at ' the head of the stair in mock supplication . kharim '' '' magician -- save we , magician save usl kharim burst into loud laughter . it spread to the rest of the crew . then suddenly knarim 's face grow dark . he grab the magician 's tunic and hold he high . kharim for you I shall tie the knot myself --- so you will strangle slowlye .us he raise a huge fist and nit the magician a stun blow , knock he down the step to the main deck . 2 be 67 207 close shot angle up kharim 207 his enraged face peer down at the fall sokurah , kharim . throw they into the forward holdi dissolve to : int . ship' hold ( S ) 208 medium shot sinbad sokurah and harufa 208 lignt be very low key , come from a bar hatchway some - where above . the hold be barren except for two rough wooden bench build out from the slant wall . the three man ait face one another . harufa scowl , then turn to sinbad . harupa we could have slice they all to bit -- yet you stop we to ' save this man who babhles nonsense . sokurah you will see ! the wind and current will take they southward and my prophecy will come true . sinbad what make you so certain ? sokurah South of colossa lie a accurse island inhabit by wail demon . they scream be hear over a hundred league , and all who hear it be drive mad . Men craze by the nolse steer they ship onto the jag rock , and be devoure by sea serpent . harupa but what be to prevent we from share they fate ? sinbad we must tear strip from we . clothing to stuff we ear . harupa that 's fine -- now we will not be drive man -- just eat by sea monsterse fxm 68 208 continued : 208 sinbad look at harufa tolerantly 3 he reach for a candle burn in a nearby holder . sinbad here ... if we wax the cloth , it will stop most of the sound . sinbad rip a strip of cloth from the hem of he cloak , and pegin waxing the cloth with the candle stub . dissolve to : scene 209 through 211 omitted . a 69 . ext . quarterdeck - night ( S ) rain and wind f~ 212 medium shot kharim and crewman 212 . tne crewman be at the wheel of the sip . the wind have come - up and the sail be strain against the rigging . against the whistle of the wind and the creak of the rope we begin to hear the sound of wail island . it be high -pitch , vibrant -- a eerie and nerve-shatter sound . it grow slowly bit steadily in volume . kharim move into scene to stand baside he , strain to peer forward into the night . both man be already tense and nervous as the rain beat on they face . ( note : rain and wind through entire atorm sequence ) . xharim ( angrily ) - that wind scream like ten thousand fiend . ( look aloft ) Ho , the crow 's nest i what 's ahead ? 213 up shot of crow' nest including the rigging ( S ) 213 oon , oan no answer come from the crow 's nest , but the wail sound grow slightly louder . medium shot kharim and crewman ( S ) 21 k knarim stare upward grimly , reacting as he notice the position of the star . xharim ( to helmsman ) you be four point off coursel why be we drift westwardl the crewman at the wheel do not answer . he stand grip the wheel tightly , he jaw clench and he face strain , absorb in the rise intensity of sound . . ' kharim ( continue ; shouting ) Alter you coursel steer south -southeast ! the helmsman still doos not answor or respond . kharim move suddenly , knock the man down with a blow of he fist . he | seize the wheel and give it two full turn to the leave . *-° kharim ( continue ; shouting upward ) Ho , the crow 's nestl ep 21h the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -- 70 July 5 , 1957 continued : 21h there be still no answer but the ever-rise sound of the wail wind . kharim turn and yank the helmsman to he foot . kharim have the whole ship go mad ? the helmsman take the wheel and kharim move quickly to the edge of the quarterdeck , swinging himself up into the rigging , start to climb toward the crow 's nest , camera move in to medium close shot of helmsman . his eye be blank and stare . slowly he turn the wheel back two full turn to the right , then hold it steady . sound of the wail mount . int , ship' hold ( 8s ) / C 4 ) 215 medium shot sinbad harufa and sokurah 215 lighting be very low key . the stub of the candle burn on one of the bench , throw flicker shadow , the three man be stand , steadying themselves against the increase pitching of the ship , bit of cloth be visible in the ear of each , they speak loudly , shouting , to hear one another . sokurah High wind and high seas surround the demon island , sinbad the sound penetrate , in spite of all -- and the sea grow rougher . sokurah we can not be far from it now . harufa clap he hand over he ear ; drop onto the bench , sinbad remove he cloak , wrapping it in several thickness around the jewel box contain parisa , sound of wail island be clearly hear , even in the hold . é. 7 ' ext . ship' rigging ( S ) rain and wind 216 close angle kharim 216 as he pause in he climb , look up toward the crow 's nest , which be 0.s. sound ia quite loud . kharim ( shouting upward ) Ho , the lockout ) ext . crow' nest ( S ) 217 up angle the lookout 217 as tne . lookout peer over the edge of the crow 's nest , look downward . the face be that of a madman ; the eye stare , the mouth distend in a tense grimace . over the closeup of the madman , the sound increase in volume . kharim' voice ( call ) what can you see ahead ? the lookout move he lip , but no word come . he point a long arm toward the bow , into the night . ext . rigging ( S ) 218 close angle kharim 218 as he stare upward , inaudibly cursing the lookout . fora moment he pause , steadying himself with one hand , clutching at he head with the other , as though to drive away the sound '' then he start to climb again . ext . MAIN deck ( S ) 219 medium close shot two crewmen 219 they emerge from a hatchway and stand sway on ' the deck , they eye wild . first crewman this be the curse of the weird man to be hang ! we must release himt second crewman we dare not . kharim will -- tney be interrupt by a fall knife which stick in the deck at they foot . both look up toward the crow 'sa nest . >» . ext . crow' nest ( S ) '' for ~ 220 up angle kharim and lookout 220 as they struggle together in the cramped lookout quarter . _ kharim get one arm free , bring it down across the back of the lookout 's head in a stun blow . the man fold . 72 kharim seize he spy glass and hold it to hia eye , peer forward . telescope vignette wave and jagged rock = night ( X ) 221 - medium long shot 221 the white spray be hurl inte the air as the huge wave break against the rock . ext . crow' nest ( S ) 222 close angle kharim kharim ( shouting downward ) rock dead ahead ! full port _ puddert ) '' 7 ext , quarterdeck ( S ) 223 medium close shot helmsman as he hold the wheel steady , seemingly in a trance . ext . MAIN deck ( S ) _ : 22h medium close shot the two crewmen first crewman npeer aft ) the helmsman do not turnt second crewman ( bit wildly ) he imow ! we be doom -- | let we die and be do with ith the first crewman react briefly , turn and move off , 222 223 22k enter a hatchway lead below . camera pan with second crewman as he wander dazedly to the rail of the ship , peer downward and forward toward the rock and the ever - mount sound . other member of the crew begin to pour onto the deck , clutching they head . 73 int , ship be hold - night ( S ) ~~ 225 medium shot sinbad sokurah harufa 225 , a sudden thumping at the heavy door make they all tura toward it . sound of a heavy bolt and wooden bar be . withdraw , then the door swing open . the first crewman from the scene on deck stand in the doorway , out of breath and dishevel . first crewman the ship 1s head for the jag rockst save usl sinbad and sokurah need no second invitation . they rush through the doorway , follow closely by harvfa . the crew= man pause in the doorway for a moment , finally crack under the pressure of the sound . he seize he head , hia eye glaze and he crumple to the deck . ext . rock and wave ( process ) ( h-x -d ) - night 226 full shot 226 rock and wave now see mich closer than before . the spray dash high in the air from the crash wave . suddenly , a huge tentacle emerge from the depth and wavea probingly " - ) through the air . ext , MAIN deck ( 3 ) 227 full shot crewmen 227 } that near the railing react with horror to the signt of the tentacle . sound of the wail be very loud now and be have its full effect . the crewmen be behave irrationally ; some roll on tne deck , some crawl on hand and knee , other cling numbly to part of the ship . | ext . crow' nest ( S ) | 228 up angle kharim 228 : even he be finally break under the sound , he cling to the edge of the crow 's nest , he jaw clench , he face | distort , eye stare . | ) ext . quarterdeck / 229 medium shot sinbad sokurah and other ( S ) 229 as sinbad , the magician and harufa emerge onto the quarter - = . deck and begin to take charge . harufa yank the numbe for ~ helmsman from the wneel and send he spin across the geck , sinbad seize the wheel and turn it hard to the leave . the magician and harufa crouch close to sinbad , shouting in each other 's ear to be hear . } '' | | 7h 229 = continued : 229 sokurah tnere be a narrow channel through the rock . it be we only chancel sin bad go to the port railing ! signal I when we draw too closel ... harufa , take the starboard sidelt sokurah and harufa nod agreement , move off to they respective post at the railing . the wind have continue to mount with the noise and now the deck be be drench with a fine spray from the wave against the rock . the apray ' and the night combine the cut visibility very low . ext . wave and jagged rock ( S ) 230 medium shot 230 wave and jag rock as they loom suddenly out of the darkness to the portside of the ship . ext . quarterdeck ( S ) 231 medium shot sokurah and sinbad 231 sokuran peer over the rail , wave a warning gesture to sinbad . sinbad respond by turn the wheel quickly to the pight . ext . crow' nest ( S ) 232 up angle kxearim 232 his face reflect the madness which have control of he . abruptly he react , stare 0.3. with a new and great horror . ext . boiling sea ( S ) 233 medium shot huge tentacle 233 the tentacle curl menacingly through the air , show huge suction cup on the under side . sound reach a peak of intensity . . ext . crow' nest ( S ) 234 kearim 234 as he crack suddenly . with a scream he lunge forward . ' a — ae 75 ext , crow' nest ( dummy ) ( 3 ) 235 up angle kharim 235 he hurl himself out of the crow 's nest , fall o.a . past camera . his scream trail off , blend with the wafl of the. island . ext . MAIN deck ( S ) 236 medium shot kharim and crewmen 236 kharim 's body lie sprawle on the deck . the crewmen look at it without comprehension , seize again by the sound , they - writhe helplessly . ext . quarterdeck ( S ) 237 medium shot sinbad and harufa 237 as harufa gesture wildly , point o.s . sinbad whirl the wheel to tne leave , then hold it steady . they face show the great strain they be under . ext . bow of ship ( S ) 238 . close angle : 238 as the ship barely slide by a jag rock on which the wave be break . ext . quarterdeck ( S ) 239 close shot sinbad 239 he grit he tooth and close he eye for a moment , fight the sound . the spray from the wave whip around hin . ext . wave and jagged rock ( S ) 2ho medium shot 2h0 wave and jag rock as they move away , face to the stern of the ship . the intensity of the wail sound break , | begin to fade slightly , but noticeably . rock and sound ~ both continue to fade as weee { note : end of wind and rain ) . slowly dissolve to : _ ep the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -= 76 July 5 , 1957 ex ? , MAIN deck of ship - day ( 8 ) ( C &) 2h2 full shot 2hi the crew be sprawle on the deck in attitude of complete exhaustion . in they midst lie the crumpled body of kharin , . still lie in the position in which he fall . sinbad and sokurah have collect the weapon the crewmen have , and be lock they in the forward armory , then sinbad move among the collapse crewmen , rouse they . sinbad ( shouting ) all right , all hand look alive now ! the crewmen stir themselves , get slowly to they foot , still very weak and shake . ext , quarterdeck ( S ) ( {c& ) 242 . close angle sinbad 2h2 as he mount the step overlook the main deck , in the bog harufa stand at the wheel of the ship . sinbad ( point ) there lie the leader of you mutiny . wrap he in he hammock and throw he over the side } scene 23 and 2h ) omitted , 77 2h continged : 2 . lat | sinbad ( cont would ) ~ ( turn to harufa ) . j teer a course west - nortm sth oe sharp lookout for the peak . '' colossal ~ sound of the crew shouting in agreement a we : fade out . ce ) {~ vy the 7th voyage of sinead rovise page == 78 duly 5 , 1957 fade in : ext , island of colossa = day ( matte - painting ) 25 full shot ship and harbor 2k5 scene 246 through 253 omitted . exp , island beach - day ( S ) 25h full shot rocky cliff of colossa 25 k . as the familiar bird wheel overhead , camera pan down to the beach where two longboat be draw up on the sand , tne full complement of the ship 's crew be help to unload the great arrow ( prop ) which be lash across the two long - boat , harufa , lead the way , come up to the foreground where he join sinbad and sokurah , harufa the crossbow be assemble and ready . they look off past camera . 255 what they see the crossbow ( h- s-d ) '' 255 the giant crossbow be assemble and point toward the far end of the beach , in the foreground , the crew be carry the huge arrow toward the crossbow , sinbades voice keep the man at the weapon at all time ... 256 medium shot sinbad harufa and sokurah 256 harufa I would rather go with you.se . sinbad ( warm smile ) I know , my friend -- but you be more valuable here . he clap harufa warmly on the shoulder . sinbad ( to sokurah ) everything be in readiness , we leave as soon as it be dark , eae 79 a ) 256 continued : 256 '' ir sinbad and harufa move past to follow the arrow . camera move up to a closeup of sokurah ; he eye burn in anticipation . dissolve to : 257 close shot stone face ( h - miniature ) 257 it be as if the face of sokurah have dissolve into the stone face . the same weird torchlight that flicker on sokurah , also light the stone face . 258 medium long shot stone face sinbad and group ( h-s-d ) 258 dwarf by the immense scale of the stone carve , sinbad and seokurah and the man stand face it . 258a close reverse shot sinbad sokurah and the men ( S ) 258a sinbad and sokurah stand together before the man . the light of they torch flicker fitfully over they face . sinbad look up at the night sky , take a meaning look at sokurah , then move off towards the stone head . reluctantly , the man [ ~- follow -- the tenseness plainly visible on they face as they pass sokurah 's toreh in turn . 2588 medium long shot the stone face ( h-s-d ) - night 2583 tne party of man move toward the mouth of the head . smoke ! eurl up from the torch . — ~ 2586 close reverse shot sokurah ( S ) 2586 as the last man pass nim . he look up at the stone face . a faint smile cross he lip as he move off . int . rock tunnel - night a shoot 259 can ting from point near the roof of the rocky 259 tunnel as '' sinbad pass beneath with the torch . the man | Pollow , glance about nervously , they face tense in the lignt of the dance flame . no one speak . a dislodge rock fall with a hollow sound , bounce on the tunnel floor . soxuran bring up the rear of the procession , he dark feature menace in the torchlight . dissolve to : rip 80 ext , tunnel open - night ( S ) { '' for ~ 260 ' edium shot sinbad and other 260 , tne tunnel open onto the valley through a conceal cleft , in the rock . sinbad lead the man out into the small clear . sinbad be join by sokurah in the f.g. sokurah draw a scroll from he cloak and unroll it in the torchlight . sokurah ( hushed voice ) this be the map we must follow , insert : map tne torchlight flicker on it as sokurah 's hand trace the map . sokurah' voice Beyond here , in the center of the island , be the peak in which the great bird nest . 260a medium close shot sinbad and sokurah . 260 a a ) sinbad a then we must cross the valley | of the cyclops ... sokurah ( nodd ) | we separate into two group here -- sinbad look at sokurah in suspicious surprise . hl sokurah : ( quickly ) thus if either group be capture , the other may attempt to free they . sinbad good -- I agree . a smaller band ' of man may more easily elude the eye of the giant . sokurah ( point ) we meet here -- at the two sharp rock which mark the trail to the mountain -- tomorrow night . sindad turn , signal he group of man , and lead they off past camera . = ) a rjp 260b 2606 260d 261 61 medium long shot stone page harufa ( h-s-d ) 260 B the tiny figure of harufa , torch in hand , stand face the great stone head . close reverse shot harufa ( S ) 2606 his eye be rivete up at the stone head . he swallow hard , take a last look back to the beach ; then , with fear and tremble , move toward the stone head . medium long shot stone face harufa ( h-s-d ) 260d as the tiny figure be swallow up in the mouth of the stone face . dissolve to ext . SMALL clearing - day ( S ) medium shot sokurah and men 261 tne grey light of dawn fill the sky . the fog rise out of the damp leave on the ground . sokuran , still carry he light torch , lead he man to the bank of a small pool , sokurah we will stop here and proceed again at nightiall . the man start to relax , sit or lie on the ground . the large and toughest of the man , golar , lift he goatskin water jug and squirt a long drink into he mouth . the magician observe he , reacting . sokurah you -- golar ! drink not so deeply . you will need that water on tomorrow 's climb . golar ( grumble ) why so miserly ? we can f1i11 we jug from the pool when they be empty . sokurah move to the edge of the pool and peer into it . down shot into water sokurah' reflection ( S ) 261a the water be color like burgundy wine . ( note : prop -- check dye . ) rip 's , 261a 2613 = ext , 62 continued : 261a sokurah ( prophetically ) . that water be poison . he thrust he torch into the water , dousing it . it niase red steam . tdo shot sokurah and golar ( S ) | . 2613 as the steam come up . golar ( reacting ) poison ? sokurah the man whose lip it touch be dead in a moment -- ( smile ) . would you care to try it ? golar look down at the water as though he be consider a test of sokurah 's prophetic power . camera pan down to golar 's reflection in the placid pool . cyclop ' clearing - day ( S ) 262 close shot a rushing torrent of water 262 camera pan from the waterfall to a full shot of sinbad and he man stand in the clear . sinbad be gaze up at a immense overscale barbecue . all around he be overscale evidence of the cyclops -- among they , a crude stool before the barbecue -- the seat of which be shoulder high to sinbad . suddenly he hear a faint sound . sinbad ( whisper to he man ) wait here . sinbad move off in the direction of the sound . scene 263 omitted . 26h , medium shot another angle harufa -( S ) 26h , sword in hand , he be cautiously move through another part of the cyclops ! clear . he pass a huge cage some eight feat tall ( large prop ) make of the timber from a shipwreck boat . harufa look inte the cage . a small pile of human bone be strewn over the bottom of the oage . as he back up toward 267 , 265 —- cyclop sequence be jjp 26h 264 2643 264c 26d 2645 83 continued : 26h , camera , he touch the sharp spike of the cyclops ! club -- fully seven feat long . harufa study the club in braille , not dare to turn around . medium shot the cyclop ' club ( S ) 264 as harufa 's finger run over the sharp point . close shot harufa ( S ) 2643 pead of perspiration stand out on he forehead . he turn to examine the club . he compare he own punny scimitar with the massive club . closeup harufa ( S ) 26ke he swallow hard , then start to move on . a hand come in , touch he shoulder . harufa wheel in terror . harufa not sinbad ( quietly ) sh-h - h. quiet ! what be you do . here ? harupa ( smile ) do not worry about the crossbow , master -- it be in good hand . sinbad give harufa a question glance . sinbad let we get back to the other ... wa must be go before the cyclops return . stealthily , they move out . medium shot at waterfall ( S ) 26d sinoad and harufa enter . there be no sign of the other man see previously . close two shot sinbad and harufa ( S ) 2645 as they look around . sinbad they be here a moment ago ... rjp ey > 264e continued : 26ke o~ harufa look around more frighten than ever , . sinbad . ( continue ) see if you can find they ... sinbad start off in one direction . camera follows harufa as he move toward the waterfall . he look behind 1t -- then disappear from view . . 264f close shot sinbad ( S ) 264p he be move about noiselessly , look for the man , when suddenly there be a shout . harupfa' voice Captain sinbad ! come quickly ! sinbad run in the direction of the voice . 26 lhg medium shot at waterfall sinbad and harufa ( S ) 2646 sinbad run in to harufa who stand in front of the waterfall wave he arm excitedly . co harupa ( loudly ) here -- ! behind the waterfall . hurry ! harufa disappear behind the fall ; sinbad follow on the run . int , cyclop treasure store ( 's ) 264h shoot out from doorway 2648 in the b.g. , through a rough open between two stone , be the waterfall . harufa and sinbad run into the open . harufa run past camera , but sinbad stop in a close shot , to look off in amazement . 264i what he sees reverse shot the treasure ( S ) : 264t hoard in immense profusion be great quantity of diamond and jewel , magnificent strand of pearl and emerald -- priceless goblet and object of gold and silver -- lace , tapestry , all manner of wealth . the man of sinbad 's group craze with new - find rich , be stuff gold coin and jewel into they shirt and pocket , until it seam they can hold no more . one of they be staggering under the weight of two trunk of treasure which he can barely support . 26ho 26lk yn 264l 265 ' | ) , ! 266 rno 85 continued : 2641 harufa ( start to load up ) . we be richi wa'tre rich ! come , master -- take you fill of rich !! pearl -- diamond -- ruble -- gold -- everything ! close shot sinbad ( S ) 2647 he look at the man for a moment , then move toward they . full shot treasure store ( S ) 26lk as sinbad stride across toward the massive pile of treasure trunk . he seize the first man , tear the heavy strand of pearl from he neck and slapping the gold cnalice out of he arm . sinbad out of here -= - all of you ! there will be time for treasure after we finish we mission , he hurl the crewman , japa , over toward the doorway . then dive upon the next sailor , upsetting the heavy chest on he back , the sailor start to fight sinbad . sinbad quti or by Allah , I will run you through ! close shot the crewman japa ( S ) ° 26ll he pick himself up and hurl nimself into the fray , camera panning with he . harufa drop he armful of treasure and dive in to help sinbad . suddenly there be a great grind sound , and a shaft of light spread into the dimly light room . the man all stop fight and look up . what they see up shot the cyclop ( h-miniature ) 265 the great stone ceiling slide aside , revealing the cyclops glaring balefully down on the man who be catch like mouse in a box . he grin , bare he snaggly tooth . down shot cyclop ' Pov ( S ) 266 tne group stand look up in freeze terror . sinbad Quick -- the door -- run for it ! tne man race toward the space between the rock . vip 86 267 close shot entrance to treasure store ( h-s-d ) 267 snoot out toward waterfall . as the man be about to gain they freedom , the great foot of the cyclops pound down -- sealing the exit . sinbad turn up toward the cyclops -- he sword ready to fight to the death . the sailor look up horrify . 268 up shot the cyclop ( h-miniature ) 268 he reach down for the man . 269 close shot sinbad and men ( h-s-d ) 269 as the cyclops ' hand come in , the man run in all direction . 270 up shot the cyclop ( h-miniature ) 270 he bellow with frustration as he grope about for a victim . 270a close shot jafa ( h-s ) 270a . Ho scramblos up though chest of treasure , scream madly as he try to bury himself in jewel . tne three - finger hand of though cyclops dig he out and lift he into the air . jafa strugglos violontly , jewel raining all around . the cyclops lift he out of scene . ext , other clearing 271 medium shot sokurah' men ( S ) ° 271 as they react to the great noise in the distance . sokuran leap to he foot . sokurah sinbad 's man must be trap by a cyclops : remain here -- i will see if we can help theml sokurah turn and begin to run into the wood . ' the other man gaze after he . ext . wood 272 close angle sokurah ( S ) 272 as he run swiftly through the wood along a narrow path . sound of the struggle grow louder . ext . near waterfall clearing ( h-s-d ) - day 273 medi shot cyclop and men 273 in tne clear we see the rough wooden cage ( prop ) . the cyclops stand over the treasure store . with a growl he rijp a 273 273a 2738 int . 87 continued : 273 seize one of the crewmen , drag he out and put he into the cage . close shot cage harufpa and crewmen ( S ) 273a harufa and jafa be already in the cage as the third man arop in . medium shot cyclop and men ( h- s-d ) : 273b tne cyclops close the lid and again reach into the rock treasure store . treasure store ( h-s-d ) - day 27h ext . clearing ( h-s-d ) - day 275 276 ext . medium close shot sinbad 27h he crouch against the side of the rock . the hand of the cyclops move into scene , awkwardly grop . as it draw near sinbad , he raise he sword and plunge it into the hand . sound of a great bellow of rage and pain from the cyclops . tne hand be yank back for a second , then reach quickly , grab sinbad by the leg , and drag nim from the treasure store . medium shot cyclop and sinbad 275 as the cyclops hold sinbad up , shaking he roughly . he drop sinbad into the wooden cage . close shot cage sinbad ( S ) 276 as he drop in with the other . : top of rock - day 277 close shot sokurah 277 on a rocky ledge above the clear and some distance away , the magician crouch , waten the capture of sinbad 's man by the cyclops . ro 88 ext . near waterfall clearing ( h-s-d ) - day 278 medium shot cyclop and men . 278 as the cyclops secure the top with a wooden peg . he carry the cago 0.8 . 279 medium shot ( h-s-d ) 279 at the opposite end of the clear there be a large natural rock fire pit . the cyclops put the cage down and begin pile stick and branch of wood in the fire pit . scene 280 omitted . int . wooden cage ( S ) - day 281 medium shot sinbad and men 2821 tne man react to the 0.8. action of the cyclops , watch he in fear and wonder . harupa what be the giant do ? sinbad ( grimly ) he be building a fire <= to prepare he dinner . the man look at each other , then harufa turn in horror to look towards the top of the cage . 281a full shot clearing and cage ( h-s-d ) : 2b1a the cyclops walk to the cage , open the trap door at the top , and reach in . 2813 int . wooden cage ( S ) 2813 as the man flatten themselves against the bar and try to shinney up the pole to escape the cyclops ! claw . it fasten on the luckless harufa and lift he out . harupa nol ... go awaye .. i sinbad == help I -e-e-e 1 ext . top of rock 281c sooxurah ( S ) 261¢ as he watch the cyclops ! action . his eye narrow with the dawn of a plan . a9 281d full shot clearing and cage ( h-s-d ) 281d as the cyclops fasten the latch on the cage and starta towards the barbecue . harufa scream loudly . ext . pore ? clearing - day ( S ) 282 medium shot golar and men 282 - tne man have gather around golar , intently listen to nim , golar must we wait here while we comrade be kill -- just because of the word of the magician ? pirst crewman he have strange power . we dare not disobey he . golar who dare not ? I do not fear he . second crewman tnen prove it -- drink from the pool he have forbidden . the other crewmen laugh at this taunt . golar look grin , then force a laugh . golar you think I be afraid of he lie ? -- hahi he move to the edge of the stream , all eye upon he . he nmeel , stare at the dark water , try not to show he hesitancy . , second crewman ( tauntingly ) , Goodbye , fearless one . tne crew laugh again . humiliate , golar plunge one hand into the water , lift 1 % out , look at it , then gingerly suck up the liquid from one finger . 283 medium close .shot golar 283 as he wait tensely for a reaction . several second go by , and he feel no ill effect . he lick another portion of he hand , then look up , grin . 28h . 990 continued : 283 golar it taste like winel . another angle golar and men 28h , as they crowd around he at the edge of the stream . boldly golar cup he hand , dip it in the stream , then drink deeply . the man watch he intently . he laugh when he finish drink . golar it 's good ! like choice wine ? the other crewmen join in the laughter , all start to drink from the stream , either cupping they hand or plung - ing they face in as they lie on tne bank . golar ( continue ; laugh ) poisonl ... poison , he tell ust first crewman a lovely way to diel second crewman we be already in Heaven ! golar I be still alive -- I mst drink more} golar drink , the other laugh . scene 285 omitted . ext . near waterfall clearing - night ( h- s-d ) 286 286a medium shot cyclop and men 286 the cyclops ! fire be burn now . harufa be tie to a sharp pole , suspend ona framework of two fork pole on either side of the fire . the cyclops slowly revolve the stick . ext , clearing - night up angle shot cyclop ( h-s-d ) 286a fhe cyclops ! head and shoulder loom over the dance flame . his huge hand slowly turn the spit on which be truss the still struggle figure of harufa . i ) ) ds ee : d oe a i '' '' a Z '' ae a '' 235-287 ) ) cyclop sequence cont .» . 92 2864 continued : 286a harufa ( weakly ) help -- sinbad ! int . wooden cage ( cb ) 287 medium close shot sinbad and men 287 as they react to see they comrade o.s. roast alive , sinbad climb up one of the pole which make the side of the cage . sinbad lend a hand --- perhaps I can open the latch ... the man boost he up . sinbad stretch to reach the latch . 287a insert : the latch top of cage ( S ) ( c6 ) 2874 as sinbad 's extend finger stretch vainly to touch the lateh --- just barely out of he reach . ext , rocky ledge - ( ss ) c4 ) 288 medium close shot sokurah 288 as he watch the cyclops roasting harufa , he pause for a moment , then move cautiously along the top of the rock , go toward a cleft which lead down into the clear . scene 289 through 291 omitted . inp . wooden caaR - ( 's ) ( '' 8 292 medium shot sinbad and men : 292 sinbad be still strain for the latch when he look 0.8. to see sokurah sneaking along past the base of the barbecue . sinbad drop to the floor of the cage and call softly to solmrah . . sinbad sokurah ! --- there be a lateh on top of the cage --- open at ase cp tie 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -= = 92 . duly 5 , 1957 > 2924 close shot sokurah ( S ) 292a ) he put nis finger to he lip as if to tell sinbad to be a quiet . then move off quietly in the direction of the treasure store . scene 293 omitted . int , wooden cage = ( S ) 29h medium close shot sinbad and men 29h thoy watch sokurah abandon they for a moment , then sinbad turn to the two man , speak softly . sinbad he leave we to share the fate of harufa . but we shall escape . third crewman ( quiet excitement ) escape ? -- how ? * sinbad never reveal what you be about to sea . et rno kr third crewman anything <= only save we . sinbad reach inte the pocket of he cloak and take out the tiny jewele case contain parisa , the erewmen look at it , then at each other , as though to ask if sinbad be crazy . sinbad open the box , 295 close shct jeweled case parisa ( h-s-d ) 295 ' as sinbad hold the box in he hand . parisa stand , ' 296 two shot the crewmen ( S ) 296 as they react to this newest magic . 297 another angle featuring sinbad and parisa ( h-s-d ) 297 as sinbad hold parisa in the palm of one hand , speak softly to she . sinbad ( whisper ) the top of this cage be fastened by a wooden peg . see if you can release it , 93 297 continued : 297 parisa it shall try with all my strength . . 298 another angle ( model ) parisa 298 sinbad slip parisa through the wooden bar of the cage , lift she up onto the solid lid . 299 another angle ( h-s-d ) tm 299 she step off sinbad 's hand and move 's across the top of the cage . ext . top of cage ( enlarged portion ) ( D ) ( shoot backing in spain ) 300 closeup shot parisa 300 as she struggle with the wooden peg which secure the catch it be huge in relationship to she , and she cannot move it , she struggle with it for a moment , then stop to catch she breath . . parisa ( call softly ) it be stuek -- I can not move it . sinbades voice you must , my princess . it be we only hope . parisa again begin to push the wooden peg . ext . clearing on 301 up angle shot cyclop ( h-s-d ) 301 he stir suddenly , stop he turn of the spit to listen . he blink , stare around the clear . ext . top of cage ( y¥ ) ( shoot backing in spain ) 301a closeup shot parisa 3014 as sha crouch behind the wooden peg of the catch , very frighten , int . treasure store ( S ) 302 medium shot sokxurah 302 as he peer cautiously among the treasure , toss piece nervously aside as he look for the magico lamp . lw '' : oh ext . near waterfall clearing ( h - s~d ) ww 302a medium shot cyclop and men - 43024 the cyclops turn he attention away from harufa and walk off towards the treasure store , where he hear a sound , ~ scene 303 through 305 omitted . ext . top of cage ( '' ) ( D ) 306 closeup shot parisa 306 she peer around the peg , see the cyclops leave o.s . Sne stand and once again throw she weight against the pege it begin to slide , loosen somewhat . use all of she strength , parisa succeed in push the peg free of the atch . she move to the edge of the cage lid . parisa - ( call down ) it be do , sinbad . i int . wooden cage ( S ) 307 medium shot sinbad and men - 307 : as they react with restrain joy . sinbad to man ) : quickly ... the cyclops have go . ( to parisa ) stand clear of the door , princess . ( to man ) lift I up . the two crewmen each take one of sinbad 's foot , lift he up . he begin to push against the lid of the cage , forsing t open . sinbad crawle out ; , then reach down to help the next man up . scene 308 omitted , forest clearing - night ( S ) '' medium shot golar '*s group 309 tne man be now thoroughly and riatously drunk . they be weaving and staggering over the clearn , squirting the wine act each other from they goatskin jug . golar stand in they midst , wave he arm for attention . comin , ogg ~ bas ~ EST gnyisi ly tval yay ( 95 309 continued : 309 golar listen ! listen , mate ! must we hide here so quietly ... . ( stiffling hiccup ) 'e while we comrade may be in danger ? be we afraid of seokurah ? ' second crewman ( shouting ) i no ! ... who 's afraid ! golar then come ! follow I ... ( wave he sword ) we will rescue we shipmate . the drunken crewmen greet this proposal with a cheer . they graw they weapon and follow after golar , crash into the wood with a maximum of noise and confusion . ex ?. waterfall clearing - nighe ( h- s-d ) . dr 310 . full shot the cage 310 sinbad and the two man be out of the cage . the man be slide down the outside of the cage . sinbad put parisa . in the jewell case . . . a sinbad ( to parisa in box ) : hold tight , princess -- he put ¢he case into he sash and run to the barbecue . 311 another angle top of barbecue ( S ) 312 as the man reach the rim . harufa , nearly exhaust , hang limply above the flame . sinbad courage , harufa ... ( 6 the man ) throw off the fire brand . the man busily . throw the burn wood down to the ground below . sinbad climb one of the fork stick and inch out on the barbecue spit , he start to untie harufa 's bond . suddenly he hear a bellow . he look off . 96 py ' ext . edge of clearing ( h -~s~d ) ( y ~ 312 angle shot toward waterfall sokurah 312 he be run , the cyclops behind he bellow loudly . ~ sokursh carry the magic lamp . ext . waterfall clearing 313 full shot cyclop sinbad and men ( h-s-d ) 313 sound of the approach cyclops grow rapidly louder . the crewmen jump to the ground . sinbad continue to untie harufa , . 314 medium shot sokurah ( h-s-d ) as he pun for shelter past the base of the barbecue , the eyclop reach out for he . he be send sprawling , the magic lamp fall from he grasp . 315 medium shot sinbad ( S ) 315 . sinbad see sokiran strike down . suddenly he hear a sound and look off , , . 315a medium shot what he sees golar and he men ( S ) " 315a they stagger drunkenly into the clear , challenging the eyclop . . | 316 full shot cyclop and men ( h-s-d ) 316 as the cyclops be distract by golar and nis group of drunken crewmen who be wave they weapon snd shouting . 317 medium shot golar and other 317 as they run toward the cyclops , golar lead they . he run toward camera , pause to thrust he sword high in the air in a gesture of drunken bravado , golar follow meet 318 medium close shot cyclop and golar ( h-s-d ) 28 tne cyclops uproot 'a tree with he hand , then use it like - , a plunger to flatten golar . ( see draw 2703 ) the man : vehind he stagger to a halt , very much sober , they turn and run as the cyclops move after they . . 318a close shot sinbad ( S ) 318a . he jump down from the barbecue and run to sokurah . 97 two shot sinbad and sokurah ( S ) 319 as sinbad pull the fall magician into the safety of the rock .. the magician partly regains consciousness , make weak effort to speak . . sokurah ( point o.s . ) the lamp ... the lampi ! sinbad look out through the small open in the rock , calculate he chance with the cyclops . phe clearing 320 320 a 3203 321 323 what sinbad sees ( h-s-d ) 319a tne lamp lie on the ground . nearby , the cyclops be still use the uproote tree as a plunger to crush the man of the erew who scamper in terror from the terrible weapon . moving shot sinbad ( S ) 320 as he run across the clear toward the lamp . he retrieve it , then look up . up shot cyclop ( h-s-d ) 320a he turn to see sinbad and the magic lamp . then with a horrendous cry , he move against sinbad . close shot sinbad ( S ) 3203 lamp in one hand , and eye glue up at the cyclops , sinbad seize one of the turn firebrand previously throw down from the barbecue , and back away towards the safety of the nrock behind he . full shot cyclop sinbad and men ( h- s-d ) 321 several drunken crewmen lie dead on the ground . the other have scattered . the cyclops advance on sinbad . angle shot near barbecue sinbad ( h - s-d ) 322 as the hand of the cyclops reach out for he , sinbad dodge back into the narrow , rocky crevice . he hold the glow torch above he head , press himself flat against the rock , angle shot cyclop ( h-s-d ) 323 the cyclops be on hand and kmee , peer into the crevice of rock , look for sinbad . ) cyclop sequence fal 33s — 338 325 325a 326 327 , scene 3294 98 close up shot cyclop ( h-s-d ) 324 he lower he hugo head , move it toward camera , come into a big closeup . medium shot sinbad and cyclop ( h-s-d ) ( T m ) 325 as ha leap from he hide place , hold the burn torch . close up sinbad ( 8 ) 325a ha hurl the torch into the camera lens . ( note : provide plate glass protection for camera . ) full shot cyclop sinbad ( h-s-d ) 326 as the cyclops stagger around the clear , roaring with pain and clutching he head in he hand . he stumble and fall with a tremendous crash , then roll around on the ground , close angle shot sinbad ( S ) 327 ee emerge from the rocky cave and watch the blind cyclops briefly , then start up to where harufa still dangle on the spit . 328 and 329 omitted . full shot cyclop ( h-s-d ) 3298 hand outstreten , he stumble about -- feel for the possible hide place of sinbad . scene 330 omitted . 3321 332 another angle sokurah ( h-s-d ) 331 ' who still lie partially nidden in the rock cave under the ' parbecue . the blind cyclops be on he hand and imee , still roaring with anger and pain , feel around among the rock . he discover the niche hold the magician , and the buge hand begin to descend upon he . sokurah sinbad ! -- help I --- clossup shot sinbad ( h-s-d ) 332 he nas just release harufa , wno be weak and blacken , sinbad seas the danger to the magician . he jump down to the Ground , pick up a stick , and beat on the cyclops ! leg with it . . 99 332 continued : 332 sinbad here ! here I amt * 333 medium shot sinbad cyclop ( h-s-d ) 333 as the cyclops hear sinbad 's voice and turn toward it , listen . his hand remain poise a few foot above the helpless magician , sinbad shout again . sinbad here -- this wayl try to catch meat with a snarling growl , the cyclops turn and move toward sinbad 's voice , grop blindly among the rock . sinbad turn and climb swiftly up a trail toward the top of the rock ledge . ext . top of rock 33 k moving shot sinbad and cyclop ( h-s-d ) 33h as sinbad come out on top of the rock formation and begin , to run away from the clear . the cyclops scramble up '' \n over the rock onto the top , remain on hand and knee3 groping after sinbad , sinbad take a long pole from the ground and hit the cyclops across tne hand with it , the cyclops - make a grab , but sinbad elude he , laugn and move away . the cyclops stand , move awkwardly after the sound . ext . rocky plateau 335 long shot sinbad and cyclop ( h-s-d ) 335 as sinbad lead the cyclops across the high plateau toward a long inlet of the sea , make noise with nis foot or beat on the ground with a branch whenever the cyclops lag or turn aside . medium clos= shot sinbad 336 as not reach the edge of the rock and pause , look back . behind he the wall drop steeply into the water of the inlet . he look up at the cyclops , cupping he hand around he mouth to shout more clearly . sinbad you be come closer ! a little further now ! c wr a tw 337 338 339 3h0 100 medium shot cyclop sinbades Pov ( h-s-d ) . 337 it tower above he , grop blindly along the ground , move closer and closer . medium shot cyclop and sinbad ( h- s-d ) ~ 338 sinbad stand poise on the edge of the rock , as the cyclops seem about to crush he , sinbad jump aside , run directly batween the cyclops ! leg . the cyclops lunge forward , plunging off the cliff , he great limb outspread , he volce bellow in a grow crescendo of fear . medium close shot sinbad 339 as he heave a sigh of relief . camera pan with he to the edge of the cliff , where not peer over , search the water , ext . cliff and inlet ( S ) down angle shot water sinbades Pov 3,0 tae cyclops have disappear into the depth , and the water remain calm and unbroken , slow dissolve to : np the 7th voyage of sinbad revise page -- 101 July 5 , 1957 ext . wooded area - pay ( 's ) ( CA ) 3h2 3h2 3h3 medium shot sinbad sokurah and men 3 camera pan down from the landmark which mark the trail lead to the roc bird nest . Survivors of the encounter with the cyclops have gather in a small group around a shelter campfire . that who be in the drunken ' group look and act miserable , squatting with they head in they hand , there be about six man remain , besides the mar - gician and sinbad , whom we see in the f.g. sinbad hold the lamp . the magician motion to sinbad , and theywithdraw from the group a short distance . two shot sinbad and sokurah c 8 ) 3h2 as they pause to talk . sokurah the danger be far from past . there be other cyclops still alive . ( reach ) therefore , you should give I the lamp . sinbad if you wish the genie 's pro - tection , you may have it -- by tell I the word which will summon he , sokurah ( after pause ) if I be to help the princess , you must trust I . sinbad how can I ? when I call you to open the cage you make no attempt to free we . the lamp be more important to you than we life . another angle featuring sokurah ( ss ) ' 2 &) 3h3 he react to sinbad 's accusation with a expression of wronge imnocence . he put on he most persuasive manner . . sokurah I seek the lamp first , be - cause with it I could assure you protection . np the 7 til voyage of sinbad . revise page -- 102 July 5 , 1957 pp 3hy another angle featuring sinbad ( S ) 3hy as he study the magician for a long moment , hefting the lamp lt in - he hand . the magician glance from the lamp back to ~ sinbad . : . sinbad ' a fair enough reason ... I do . not understand the power of this lamp , but if we need it , it shall be safely in my grasp . sokurah look grim and then quickly change he expression to one of friendly agreement . sokurah ( bow ) as you sayeee he nod , turn and go back to the man and the fire , dissolve to : >. yn scene 345 through 39 omitted . c . ext . mountain trail - day ( S ) 350 medium shot sinbad and men '' 350 , a they toil upward . sinbad carry the lamp . the trail at 1 | I ) ep 350 351 352 353 103 continued : 350 this point be still a fow foot wide . the rock above and below ' slope away sharply , but be not vertical . . another angle sinbad and men ( S ) 351 they be still climb . Tho trail have becomo narrower , and the rock slope more steeply . sinbad be lead thon group , climb toward camora . ile cover a particularly rough atroteh of trail , thon wave a gosturo of warning to sokurah follow he . in spite of sinbad 's warning , sekurah atep on a loose rock , it twist under he and fall over the side . sinbad seize the man 's wrist and pull he to safety . down angle the rock ( S ) 352 as it bound down the steep rock face , smash on a out - cropping far below . f~wo shot sinbad and sokurah ( S ) 353 reacting to the signt of the fall rock . sokuran be white and snaken at he narrow escape . sinbad give he a moment to recover , then lead the way upward again . . dissolve to : ext . rocky ledge - day ( 5s ) 35h medium shot sinbad and men 35h , at a place where a rocky ledge form a wide spot in the trail , inbad and the other atop to rest . the man drop to the ground and stretch out wearily . sinbad stand among then , pass out a ration of dry ship 's biscuit . sinbad here we will rest and eat . we must be spare with we provision , one of the crewmen , a lean , hawk - face man , give a short , bitter laugh , this be rajan .- sinbad turn toward he , and he hold up half of a dry ship 's biscuit . rajan shall I be spare of this ? sinbad wa have no more . all be lose in the battle with the cyclops ... cp 10h '' 354 . continued : = , , 35h oe sinbad ( cont would ) now eat and give thanks . soon . we climb again . rajan throw the ship 's biscuit over the cliff , a dark scowl on he face , dissolve to : ext . mountain trail - day ( S ) 355 angle shot sinbad and men 355 . as they climb again up the narrow , wind trail . the rock face be almost straight up and down , and the man edge they way along , cling to the rock . 356 vertical down shot sinbad and mew ( S ) 356 show the dizzy height of the trail and the sheer face of '' the jag rock , '' o~ 357 medium close shot difficult spot 357 camera hold on a very narrow spot along the rock ledge as i first sinbad and then another crewman succeed in crossing the spot . after they come rajan . the nesitate fearfully , then | start across . lose he balance , he grab a project rock , but it come loose in he hand . he teeter on the edge for a instant , then plunge backward off the cliff with a pierce scream . i ! '' ) 105 358 another angle sinbad and men ( S ) 358 as they react to rajan 's fall , they horror be cut snort a by they need to protect themselves . they press themselves x flat against the rock as a small shower of stone plummet . past they . when the rock have cease to fall and all be ~ quiet again , they peer cautiously over the cliff . crewman poor rajan -= so worried about he dinner . '' sinbad Allah know many cure for a empty stomach ... come . sinbad turn to lead the way , and the man resume climb . dissolve to : ext . rocky clearing - day ( S ) 359 medium shot sinbad and men 359 '' ) sinbad lead the group through a cleft in the rock onto a be smali flat clear near the top of the peak . the clear be open on one side , fall away steepily . the other tnree side ara shield by large rock with crevice large enough to hide a man . sinbad ( point o.s . ) look -- we have reach we goal . - 360 another angle roc' egg ( h-s-d ) 360 at the far side of the clear , in a low , nest of twig and small branch be the huge egg of the roc. it stand taller than a man 's head . sinbad and he man move into the scene , examine the egg with interest . sinbad lay he head against the side of the egg , listen , show surprise . sinbad there be something move insidel sokurah it be the season for the young . bird to hatch . ( look around with anxiety ) come , wa must move one py ) 362 362° 106 closer shot sinbad and sokurah ( S ) 362 sinbad why so ? we need a piece of this . eggshell . , . we have find it . sokurah we will find other . Higher there will be a shell of a egg already hatched . the crewmen react unfavorably to the idea of further olimb . pirst crewman no more climb i we be starve . second crewman let we break open the egg and ' roast the creaturei there ia plenty for all . medium shot ( h-s-d ) 362 fae crewman who make the suggestion run to the egg , raise a short battle axe and chop a hole in the end of the egg . tne other start to follow he example . ext . clearing ( S ) 363 36 k , '' I 368 tight two shot sinbad and sokurah 363 as the magician confront sinbad , he face gravee sokurah you should not have let they do that . sinbad hungry man be not easily govern . they do not ask , they take , he be interrupt by sound of startle reaction from the o.se erewnen as they succeed in break open the egg . sindad and sokurah both look toward it . medium shot baby roc and crewmen ( h~s-d ) 36h fne snell have split wide , and from it roll the grotesque , two -headed chick of the giant roc . the baby bird be as large as two or three of the crewmen together . another angle ( h-s-d ) 365 it make faeble effort to walk , but the crewman with the axe move in on it , raise he weapon for the death blow , 107 366 closer shot two men ( S ) 366 ) they move forward with up - raise apear . they charge into 7. camera . 367 two shot sinbad and sokurah ( S ) 367 sinbad let they roast they bird and eat . come -- we must break off a piece of the shell . sinbad and sokurah start to move off toward the egg . 368 medium glose shot sinbad sokurah and egg ( h-s-d ) 368 as sinbad break off a portion of the eggshell , then handa part of it to though magician . the chick have be slain , and be see in the b.g . the man pull the spear from its body . sinbad ( hand shell ) fake this . the princess mst be restore without delay -- sokxurah fne eggshell must be combine with ‘other element to be . find in my castle here on the island . sinbad how long will it take ? sokurah '' thea entrance be at the foot of this peak -- sinbad t+ that be at the edge of the t cyclops domain ... what protect 1 you castle from they ? soxurar you will.see -- when we reach the cavan dissolve to : é y 108 ext , clearing = day 369 's medium shot crewmen 369 : roasting bird . a large campfire have be prepare in the clear . support over the flame by small boulder be - a huge drumstick of the bird . two man be gather around it , in hign spirit at the sight of such a meal , carve themselves a piece of meat . ext . high rock ( S ) 370 m=dium close shot sinbad 370 he sit within sound of the man in the clear , and they can be hear in the b.g . he reach into the pocket of he - cloak , pull out the jewele case and open it . int . jeweled case ( y ) 371 close shot parisa .- 3721 . sha smile and stretch she arma to sinbad o.s. in greeting . ' parisa tnank you , sinbad . I be glad to breathe the fresh air . ext . rock 372 medium close shot sinbad and parisa ( h-s-d ) 372 parisat case rest on the flat shelf of rock . sinbad 's face be bring close to she . : sinbad good news , my princess . we have the eggshell which will make the magic potion effective parisa you word be happy <- but you face be sad , why be you troubled ? 373 another angle ( S ) 373 sinbad I do not trust the magician ... we only nold on he be this magic lamp -- and not , alone , know tha secret of its power . bth ~ tih — 6be dand nou bt tt $ 204 ( ( > 374 rf . 375 | 376 377 ( orm , 378 109 single shot down angle parisa ( yx ) 37h parisa ( bit excited ) . sinbad , I have a idea . let : moe try to talk with the genie . sinbades voice how ? I do not understand . parisa small as I be , I can easily enter the lamp -- and pernap learn how to call the genie . another angle featuring sinead ( h-s-d ) 375 as he react to she suggestion , somewhat incredulous . sinbad but be it possible ? parisa who know what be possible within a magic lamp ? ... please , sinbad eee lot I try . sinbad pause , consider the proposition . finally he give a slow , serious nod of agreement . sinbad all right . but if all be not . : well , you must call quickly and I will get you out again . parisa I shall , I promise , medium shot sinbad ( h-s-d ) 376 as not unfasten the lamp from around he waist , turn and set it on the shelf of rock beside parisa . close shot parisa and lamp ( h - y¥ -d ) 377 snea smile at sinbad , then slowly lower herself through the open down into the spout of the lamp ( very large section of upper portion of lamp ) . the open be just large enough to accommodate she body . she lower herself until only ner hand show above the rim of the spout . medium close shot sinbad ( S ) 378 ° as he crouch anxiously over the lamp , nis face close to it . 110 '' 378 continued : 378 oa sinbad * be you all right , parisa ? parisa' voice ( slight echo effect ) Fine . there be a strange glow in here . . I be go to let go and look around . sinbad ° ( urgently ) be carefull parisa 's hand disappear from the rim of the lamp . sinbad remain stare at the lamp . his face show he worry for parisa . from 6.8. come the sound of the crewman laugn , give ad lib direction for the roasting of the bird . sinbad glance toward they , then stare intently at the lamp . int . magic lamp ( y¥ ) 379 medium shot parisa 379 she be slide downward through neck of magic lamp ( set ) . ~ through a softly swirl fog . lighting be soft and diffuse , € from a indefinite source . for several second parisa slowly descend , as the lignt grow slowly brighter . finally sne gome to rest ; the glow fog part sligntly to reveal a small section of copper- color floor , 380 medium close shot parisa 380 camera leading she as she walk slowly forward , look around . the swirl fog grow thin , but the wall and ceiling of the lamp be never visible . ( scene must suggest tne infinite space of a magic world , not the inside of a metal lamp ) . abruptly parisa stop , reacting with wonder . 3821 medium shot parisa and genie 382 a small area of clear air open in the fog , and parisa be confront by the genie . he have the feature of a young boy ( as in scene at picture open ) . he smile engagingly at parisa , then bow very deeply . genie you be welcome here , princess . parisa ( bit surprised ) you kmow wno I be ? 361 211 continued : 382 genie . ( smile ) a genie know many thing . the genie turn , gesture o.s. camera pan through . fog , which clear to show a small table and two exquisitely wringht gold chair , on the table be the cup , dish , and implement for a formal tea . the genie and parisa move up to the table , where the genie hold one of the chair for parisa . she seat herself . ( note : the copperncored floor be still all of the set visible ; the wall and ceiling remain vague , lose in infinite distance . parisa and the genie be both normal size in this seene ) . parisa : but you be tiny , too -- just as I am genie ( smile ) how else could I live inside a lamp ? parisa have I know how you live , I would have visit you sconer . genie I wish you have . the life of @ genie be often a lonely one . the genie pour a steaming amber liquid into they cup , then seat himself . he offer parisa a tiny slice of cake , then take one for himself . they eat and drink politely during they conversation , she move about touch the beautiful decoration . parisa rs you home be beautiful . can you a ereate whatever you want for . yourself ? genie ( with a gesture ) within this world , anything be possible for I . parisa then you must be truly happy . 112 continued : ( 2 ) 362 genie ( deep sigh ) . - : the most comfortable prison be still a gloomy place . parisa t be not you sometimes call in we world to work you wonder ? gente , but then I be summon as a slave , and I must do the bid of whoever . hold ' the lamp . I long to escapee . to be a adventurer and sail the see as Captain sinbad do . parisa that be dream for real boyse .s not for a genie ... 362 close shot genie 382 : . genie da once I be a real boy . my mother i . be beautiful , as you be . but I disobey she and run away . I hide in the reed by the great river , where the ruler of the spirit world find I and make I the slave of this lamp . | . 383 medium close shot - parisa 383 parisa will you ever return to we world ? 36h medium shot genie and parisa . 38h genie perhaps some day . I have a promise of freedom inscribe in a strange verse in the lamp . would you care to see it ? parisa I should like to , very much . genie follow I . 113 384a moving shot parisa and genie 384a as the genie and parisa walk through the surround mist . genie when the verse have come to pass , '' I - shall be free of thé lamp , but I can not return to the real world until I be call -- as my mother call I -- by my name . '' parisa -- and what be you name ? genie barani -- tne mist part before they to reveal a large copper seroll ( whieh seem to be hang in space ) with a four-line verse inscribe on it . they stop before the scroll . : genie there it be . parisa ( read verse ) when tha big that be small a ) shall again become tall , cf into fiery rock , to rise , you must fall ... . ( reacting to herself ) ' when the big that be small ... '' , eeel be big and now I be small . gmniz= ( excitedly ) then you know what it mean ? . scene 385 omi@ted 386 another angle favoring parisa 386 parisa not entirely ... out I will make a bargain . if you will help I , I will help you . genie what do you want I to do ? parisa tell I the magic word that call you forth from the lamp ... 114 387 close . shot genie 387 a! as he consider this proposal . he seem doubtful . * gente . I like you . I wish to help -- but I do not know ... it 's a great power to grantee 388 parisa and genie featuring parisa 388 parisa in return I shall try to help you escape from you bondage . now tell I -- what word will inveke you protective power ? genie from the land beyond beyond -- prom the world past hope and fear - = } scene 389 omitted . '. ext . rocky clearing ( S ) ) x cc 390 the crewmen be in the midst.of eat the roast 390 bird . camera pan to a close shot of sokurah . he look up at the sky - he cloak spread out dramatically benind he , camera move in closer to see that he scan the sky = as if expect some unseen creature to descend , ext . high rock - day ( h- s-d ) 390 a 391 medium shot sinbad 390a he look axpectantly at the lamp when suddenly a wisp of mist issue from the spout . sinbad come alert . very close shot sinbad and lamp ( h - y-d ) . 391 as parisa reappear at the mouth of the lamp spout . ( more mist follow she out of the spout ) . sinbad do you find the genie ? parisa ( smile ; enjoy possession of the secret ) we have a most interesting visit . scene 396 1s continued : — 392 sin2 ad and do you discover the secret - of the lamp ? parisa ' the genie be very nice ... he promise to help we if we would holp he . sinbad ( impatient to know the secrat ) all right , we will help he , but tell I -- parisa ( teasingly ) let I catch my breath first . it be a hard journey into the land . of the genie . close shot sokurah ( S ) 392 he be still look up at the sky , but at the same time it be obvious he be try to eavesdrop on sinbad and parisa . close shot sinbad and parisa ( h- y-d ) 393 sinbad lean down toward parisa as sne speak into he ear . sinbad what be the magic word which will invoke the genie ? parisa ( softly ) from the land beyond beyond ... ; sokurah' voice Captain sinbad ! as sinbad start to rise , parisa drop 0.8. 39 , and 395 omitted two shot sinbad and sokurar ( S ) : 396 sinbad stand , buckle the magic lamp to he waist . sokurah eye the lamp . ex . 397 . 116 continued : 396 sokurah -- er -- the bird be do ... 7 you must be hungry . sokurah look skyward again . suddenly there be a loud flap noise and a great gust of wind hit they . sinbad look up in horror ; solurah in satisfaction . ext . Si 398 . yn 399 100 clearing medium shot crewmen giant roc ( h-s-d ) 397 as they suddenly look up at the rush of wind from the huge bird 's wing . they react in horror , drop they food and run for they life . sky up angle close shot huge bird ( h-s-d ) 398 tae roc drop down on the crewmen swiftly , give a raucous shriek ; beak and talon outstretcn . medium shot sinbad ( h-s-d ) 399 as he react to the bird 's cry , then look toward the man in the clear . he draw he sword and spring to nelp defend the man against the huge bird . medium shot sinbad and men and roc ( h-s-d ) 400 ol 402 tae giant roc nas settle to the ledge . one of she nead dart out toward tne group of man . as they retreat to the edge of the cliff , three of the man fall over - they scream fade into the distance . the other crewmen and harufa swing feverishly at the bird with they saber . closer shot ( h-s-d ) hor as one of the huge nead dart into the scene grab one ef the crewmen in each of its great beak . medium shot sinbad men and roc ( h- s-d ) 4o2 as the sailor struggle in the beak of one head , the other head attack harufa and the remain sailor . ' sinbad run into scene slashing at the bird 's neck . the bird drop . the limp body of the dead sailor from its beak . close shot sokurah ( S ) ho2a - flattened against a rock , he evil eye seem to be urging the great bird on . fey ne 023 4o2r 402g 74.03 117 full shot sinbad harufa crewman and roc ( h-s-d ) 402b as they battle . the giant bird knock the remain crewman down , rip he with its sharp talon . he lie motionless and bleed . . . close shot sinbad ( S ) o2 c he rub the magic lamp . near he , harufa slashes at the bird . sinbad from the land beyond beyond == he take a cut at the bird , then turn to call to parisa . sinbad ( continue ; call ) parisa -- the magic word ! another angle close shot parisa ( y¥ ) 02d as sne stand beside the case , transfix by the sight of tne battle . partsa ( call out to sinbad ) from the world past hope and pear -- close shot sinbad ( S ) 4 4028 still fignt with harufa at he side . sinbad from the world past hope and fear < = close shot sokurah ( S ) 402 pf his face darken -- he move toward parisa . close shot parisa ( y ) . 402g parisa ( call out to sinbad ) I bid you , genie -- now appeart close shot sinead ( h-s-d ) 1.03 he be turn momentarily in parisa 'ts direction . the giant bird 's head come in . ) . ) ya7 - y29 ~ 403 continued : 403 oes sinbad ( repeat ) . - ~ I bid you , genie -- the beak fasten on sinbad and the great bird soar upward . sinbad ( continue ) parisa -= parisall hou close shot parisa ( D ) ( '' ) hob stand by she jewele case . she call out to sinbad = loudly but vainly . parisa sinbad -- i . hos . °close shot sokurah ( S ) hos a malicious smile light he feature . 406 medium shot harufa ( S ) 406 rno ee stand , sword in hand , look up as the bird soar away C carry sinbad . scene 07 omitted ext . sky 408 up angle giant roc ( h - S - 1 ) or ( X - sky ) 408 as the bird soar upward . sinbad still firmly in the roc 's beak . pass a rock outerop , it seize a huge boulder ' in its talon , turn to circle back . hog medium shot harupa ( S ) 409 as tne dird start to circle above he , he run across the clear . ) scene 410 and 411 omitted '' up angle giant roc ( h-s-d ) or ( X - sky ) 412 as the bird swoops down toward camera , release the nuge boulder from she talon . 128 413 scene " 419a 4198 a 119 close shot harufa ( S ) 413 he shield himself in terror as the great bird plummet towards he . . harupa . ( scream ) not 41 k through 418 omitted . up angle giant roc ( h-s-d ) or ( X - sky ) 41g it drop swiftly towards camera , release the boulder which seem to plummet into the camera 's lens . the sound of harufa 's death come over . close shot parisa ( see drawing 40 k ) ( h-y -=d ) 419a stand by she jewele case . she shield she eye from the acene of terror and destruction . suddenly two huge leg appear , then two foot stand = one on each side of parisa . Sne react , look up . up angle what she sees sokurah ( S ) ( see drawing l05 ) 4193 he stand stare down at she , a malicious smile lighting nis dark feature . parisa scream , but she cry be lose in the sound of the battle . sokurah reach a huge hand down toward she ( camera ) . dissolve to : ex ?. peax of colossa - day ( S ) 4,20 giant roc nest close shot sinbad 420 the nest be fully twelve foot in diameter . camera start on a insert of the magic : lamp , then move to sinbad who lie svill as death a few foot away . a eyelid flicker , then not draw a deep shudder breath . in another moment not open he eye , blind to bring the world into focus . then he react , remember what have happen . 4 edium shot another angle sinbad ( S ) 422 s,he roll over painfully and slowly work himself free from '' mass of loose rock which partially cover he in the pro - tecting crevice , ha stand up , move he bruise arm and leg carefully , to be sure there be no break . he look over the edge of the nest , reacting with horror and despair . sh 59 m m ala 4213 k2ic 42id 422 ka3 120 down shot what he sees ( S ) 421a a sheer drop of dizzy depth lie beneath he . . medium shot sinbad ( S ) - ieip ee pick up the lamp and start carefully over the perilous edge of the roc nest . full up shot the peak of colossa ( S ) 42 ic as the tiny figure of sinbad pick its way to the rocky ridge below . full shop the clearing in the rock - day ( S ) 421d sinbad drep down from above and walk forward to survey the scene of carnage . medium shot dead crewmen panning ( h-s-d ) 22 fne crewmen lie sprawle in various posture , harufa crusn by the fall rock , one crewman tear by the beax , the other oy the talon of the great bird , the blacken fire and the remain of the roc chick add a bizarre touch to the silent , grisly scene . medium close shot sinbad ( 8s ) . 423 as he pick up parisa 's empty jewele case . sinbad ( call ) parisal ... princess ! no answer but silence and a faint echo . abruptly sinbad 's Pace change ; he remember something . _ sinbad ( call ; look ) sokurah ... sokuran ! canera pan with sinbad as he make a quick circuit of the clear , look at each of the fall crewmen , make sure chat the magician be not among they . he turn and start up the short path to the high rock of the lookout point . '' high rock - ( S ) *2dium close shot sinbad hah as he take a quick glance around the lookout point for the magician , then pause , think . his face show he raaliza - tion of what mist have happen . a wave of gespain come over he and he sink to a sit position on a shelf of rock . have 426 427 121 continued : hah for a long moment he seem utterly defeat , then he expression - change , hope grow once more . he realize he be stare at the lamp fastened around he waist , and that parisa have give he the word to inveke the genie . another angle sinrad and lamp 42 as sinbad quickly unfasten he sash and remove the lamp , place 1t on though rock shaif boforo he . ilo pause , think= ing , hard , move he lip slightly in he effort to rocall though word say by parisa just before the attack of the giant roc . sinbad ( naltingly ) from the land beyond ... beyond ... he step , shaking he head . he think another few second , then apruptly smile . he rub the lamp vigorously three . time . sinbad ( continue ) from the world past hope or fear , I bid you genie , now appear ! close shot lamp ( h-s-d ) 426 as a dense smoke begin to boil and roll from the spout , - coiling upward . medium shot sinbad ( h - y-d ) 427 reacting . the smoke rise , whirly and boil , , and from it chere appear the genie . the smoke clear and the genie stand on the shelf of rock beside the lamp . he make a deep bow to sinoad , then smile engagingly at he . gente o mighty sinbad , the slave of the lamp be yours to command ! sinbad tell I where be the princess parisa -- ? gente she be a prisoner ‘of sokurah the magician , in he underground castle , . I will meat you at the cave entrance at the foot of the mountain trail . aw 27 428 122 continued : 427 sinbad but how will I knoweeee . . sinbad be interrupt by : genie ( h-s-d ) the genie begin to shimmer and dissolve into a cloud of amoke , sinbad watch , amaze . scene 429 omitted . ext . high rock 4.30 ext . medium shot sinbad ( S ) 430 as he watch the last of the smoke disappear . he seize the lamp and tie i about he waist again , then turn and move quickly down the path toward the clear . dissolve to : } mountain trail - day 432 medium shot sinbad ( S ) 431 as he hurry down the trail , almost run along the narrow path . lap dissolve to : 123 ext . mou ? ' ain trail - day 432 angle shot sinbad ( S ) 432 as he cling to the rock face , eross a difficult portion of the trail . . lap dissolve to : ext . mountain trail - day 433 medium shot sinbad ( S ) 433 now on the lower slope . the trail be wider and less steep . sinbad be still move rapidly , come toward camera . he move into a medium close shot , then pull to a stop , breathe hard , look 0.38 . : 3 43h long shot what he sees valley of cyclop panning be ) " i : in the f.g. be the two sharp rock mark tha beginning of the trail . bayond they we see the wood and field of the cyclopst valley , with the sea far in the bege there be no sign of any cyclops in the valley . ext . poot of mountain - Day 435 medium shot sinbad ( S ) 435 sinbad come off the trail and move along the foot of some jucting rock . suddenly sinbad be envelop by a blast of red flame wnich appear from behind the rock . the flame ( flame to be snot against black ) burn brightly for a moment , '' then disappear , leave sinbad unharme . genie' voice this be the entrance . scene 436 and 437 omitted . 438 medium close shot sinbad and genie ( 8 ) 438 the genie look around carefully . genie tay close and follow I . eat . foot of mountain - day 439 ° another angle sinbad and genie ( S ) 439 as they cautiously skirt the edge of the rock , move out ) ) cave sequence yhga — 466 om ew wee " rovise poza -- 12h July 5 , 1957 ry 439 continued : 4.39 and away from they as they round the rock outcropping , bring - ing the cave entrance into view . sinbad react . bho yo full shot what sinbad sees cave entrance and dragon ( d- s-d ) a snort distance inside the cave entrance stand the huge and terrible dragon . it be almost as big as a cyclops and about twice as long . it be secure to one wall of the cave by a huge chain fastened around its neck . the cnain pass through a-hole in the wall of the cave . the dragon tug at the chain , snarling and growl . the dragon release another blast of flame . bhi medium shot sinbad and genie ( y ) 4h1 sinbad be startle and impressed . he follow the genie . exf . niches in rock - day lh medium shot big chain winch ( S ) lh2 . as sinbad and the genie move into the scene , approach che large wooden wheel ( full - size prop ) around which the heavy chain be wrap . genie trim the wheel . by2a° reverse shot geniz ( y¥ ) y 2a lh23 medium shot winch 4h2b sinbad place the lamp on the ground and begin to turn the large wheel , wind up the chain . genie Inside the cave you will find another wheel . turn it and loose the dragon again , so it may protect the entrance . bb3 close shot ( h-s-d ) bh3 genie go back into the lamp . bbb another angle ( S ) leto whan the chain be wound tight , sinbad take up the lamp again and move off toward the cave entrance . eat . cave ls medium shot sinbad and dragon ( h-s-d ) ls Tre dragon 's head nas be pull over tight against the rock 125 . kks continued : : . kbs tan wall into which the chain disappear . it 1s snarling and ~ struggle futilely . sinbad slip past the dragon , move along the opposite wall , he sword draw . 46 medium shot sinbad and chain winch ( h-s-d ) l6 as sinbad reach the inside wheel control the dragon 's chain . ha turn the wheel , let out the chain , allow the dragon to move back into the center of the cave entrance . tne task complete , he turn and look deeper into the widen cavern , nis face show awe and amazement . wat full shot what sinbad sees ( h-s-d ) the entrance cave open out into a huge , high - ceiling cavern which extend in several direction . giant musnroon sprout among the rock column and stalagmite . ' the scene be lighted oy a reddish glow , as from huge underground fire or pit of molten rock . how to begin he search for parisa . l48 close shot sinbad ( S ) ll8 y - he stand bewilder by the sight , look around in the VA various direction in which the cavern extend , not know } inp . soxurah' laboratory } ho medium shot sokurah and parisa ( h - y-d ) hg the magician't lab resemble a medieval torture chamber . one wall be cover with beaker and flagon of various substance use in nis art . there be two large work table , one of they partly cover by a long glass case . scatter around the room be several ancient torture device . most prominent of this be a huge rack , on which man be stretch until they wera break . dangle from the rack , the rope still pass beneath nis arm , be the skeleton of a ancient warrior . liis bony hand still clutch he sword and shield . Tho marician stand at one of the work table , on which rest a large crystal . parisa stand on the table beside the crystal . int . laboratory 4so medium close shot sokurah and parisa ( h - y-d ) iso as soxursh pass he hand over the crystal in mystic gesture . the interior of the crystal seem fill with swirl cloud . a 126 450 continued : . 4so sokurah ( to parisa ) now I shall show you a sight which ~ will make you heart leap . parisa why be you do this ? why do you bring I here ? sokurah now -- behold you answer ! fhe inside of the crystal clear , show sinbad stand in the cave , look about he . the magic lamp be visible at he waist . parisa react , draw in a sharp breath . sokurah ( smile ) you see ?... 1 know I could trust you sinbad to bring the lamp to uuse 4o1 closer shot ( h - y¥=d ) u s2 parisa peer into the crystal . parisa ( call ) sinbad ! sinbadt medium shot sinbad ( S ) / 4s2 as he react to the sound of parisat voice . parisa' voice ( strong echo effect ) sinbad ! sinbadt Tho sound seoma to coma from vory far away , but it be quite clonr and unmistakably parisat voice . sinbad liston , move a fow stop and listen again . the sound be definitely stronger in a certain direction . camera pan with sinbad as not move off quickly in the direction of the voice . ~ laboratory 4s3 close sho ? parisa and crystal ( h-¥ -d ) 453 within the crystal wa see sinbad run , then pause , listen again . cave sequence cont . + fxm 453 int cavern w5h 455 . 456 127 continued : 453 parisa ( call ) . sinbad ! I be here , sinbad ! medium long shot another angle sinbad ( h-s-d ) 45 k as he approach and cross a huge natural arch which span a glow pool of molten rock . he stop , look down o.s . 45s down angle natural arch and molten pool ( X int. of volcano ) as see from sinbad 's Pov . below the arch the pit of voiling rock bubbles and churn , bubbles of gas burst through the glow lavae another angle sinbad ( S ) 456 as he finish look , then he cross the arch and move on in saarch of parisa , pause before a division in the cavern parisa' voice sinbad ... this way ! the echo effect be still present , but parisa ' 's voice seem louder and closer . encourage , sinbad hurry down the right branch of the cavern . zr laboratory 457 medium shot soxurah and parisa ( h- y-d ) ls7 as they look into the crystal , watch sinbad 's approach . sokurah ( smile ) he hurry to seek he princesseee I must prepare to welcome he . sokurah move to the nearest wall and raise a large wooden lever wnich operate a unseen chain . int. CA 458 full sli0t sinbad and sokurah' castle ( h-s-d ) 458 as sinbad round a corner and come in sight of the ruin castle . he stop , emaze by the sight . we walk closer to the castle . np the 7th voyage of sinzad revise page -- 128 July 5 , 1957 459 another angle sinbad ( S ) ls9 as he watch , the huge front door of the castlo swing slowly open . he draw he sword and move quickly toward the open doorway , pass though it into the darkness beyond ... int . laboratory 4.60 medium shot sokurah and parisa ( h- y¥-d ) 60 the magician move to the table . parisa back away . sokurah I warn you -- if you speak , urge sinbad to do as I ask ... parisa he will do what he own heart say . 461 angle toward door ( y¥ ) l621 as the door be throw open and sinbad stride ' nto the room , nis sword hold before he . camera pan with nim as he move inte the room , oring tne magician into the scene . sokurah face sinbad , smile coldly . sinbad ( look to parisa ) be you harme , princess ? 462 close shot parisa stand on the table ( y¥ ) 462 parisa int -- I be all right . + laboratory 4o3 bok another angle featuring sinbad ( '' ) . 463 as he look from parisa to sokurah , tense with a restrain raga . sokurah I lead you here for a reason . in exchange for the lamp , I will restore the princess . close shot sinbad ( y¥ ) el. as this nard truth be consider . abruptly he make he de - cision . . sinbad you shall nave it wren we have . peach the safety of we snip . np the 7th voyage of simbad revise paze -- 129 duly 5 , 1957 medium shot sinbad sokurah ( y ) és sokurah ( smile ) I shall mix the potion . sokurah go to the shelf and begin mixing ingredient on the work table hold the glass case . 66 through 468 omitted . another angle ( h-s-d ) 469 sokurah mix the eggshell into the potion , then point to @ spot about the middle of the floor of the case . ie stir a mixture carefully in a low beaker . sinbad move into scene carry parisa ( h - prop ) in he hand . sokurah ( indicate ) t be ready , princess . ea set she gently on the table top . 472 473 ro 130 close down shot table top and parisa ( y ) 470 as parisa move to the spot indicate and lie down . medium shot sinbad sokurah and parisa ( model ) ( '' ) 471 sinbad still hold he draw sword and stand a short distance from sokurah , keep a eye on he . sokurah place tha baaker of powder he have mix on the floor of tha case near parisa . he then ignites the powder with a burn candle ho take from the table . the powder sputter and burn , not unlike the candle which be at parisa ' 's rod whon she become small . the magician close the top of the glass caso ovar parisa . the burn powdor give off a thick smoko which fill the inside of the case , ebscure the tiny form of parisa . close shot sinbad ( y¥ ) 72 reacting as he watch the process . he give sokurah & threaten stare . sinbad ( tense whisper ) if this harm she , you be a dead man . close shot sokurah ( y ) 473 sokurah , behold ! close shot sinbad ( '' ) 47h imbad look to the case , react with amazement . camera hold for saveral second on he increase joy . sinbad parisal np '' ) 47s 7 '' '' 476 the 7th voyage of sinbad revise pare -- 131 July 5 , 1957 medium close shot parisa and glass case ( y¥ ) 131 the smoke within the case have begin to clear and from it emerge the full -size form of parisa . another angle sokurah and parisa ( y ) 76 as tne magician step forward and fold back the top of tne glass case again . the last wisp of the smoke dissipate inte the air . parisa lie still for a moment , then she eyelid flutter and open . sokurah move back from the table . parisa ( weakly ) sinbad ... sinbad ( come forward ) I be here , my princess . sinbad take she hand , lift it in he . parisa see she hand and arm be upraise , seem to realize for tne first time that she have return to normal . she give a ery of relief , then sit up , with sinbad 's help . sinbad pass he arm around she shoulder , steadying she . parisa seem almost overcome witn joy , but she gain strength quickly . another angle featuring sokurah ( y¥ ) 477 as he step forward a pace , he face determine . sokurah and now , if you please -- the lamp . he make a gesture as though to reach for it , but sinbad quickly bring up he sword , force he to halt . sinbad you shall not have it before we stand safely on deck . oo ' svm 477 478 479 4.80 - es bl 482 132 continued : 477 sokurah stare with smolder rage at sinbad . finally he give a brief nod . * sokurah very well . let we go . medium shot sokurah sinuad and parisa ( y ) 478 wnlie sinbad holpy parlsu from tno tabla , start to load nor across though room toward the door . sokurah turn to stare hard at the skoleton dangle from the rack , close shot sokurah ( h-y ) 479 his eye burn with a intense force . anoteer angle ( h-s-d ) 480 as sinbad and parisa pass near the rack , the skeleton suddenly drop to the floor . parisa react with a startle ery and sinbad turn to face the skaleton , which remain up= right befora they . big closeup sokurah' eye ( h-s ) 482 as he gaze hypnotically toward the skeleton , motivate it with he will . his eye be huge and compelling . sokurah ( fierce whisper ) killt ... i121 : medium shot sinbad parisa and skeleton ( h - s-d ) 482 as tha skeleton abruptly come to lifa , lift its sword and shield into position , make a deadly lunge at sinbad . sinbad push parisa aside to a position of safety , side - step the sword of the skeleton and bring he own sword up to defend himself . the lamp be at sinbad 's waist , but he fight vigerously , be drive backward toward the goor of the lab . sinbad parisa -- runt parisa move to the door and open it , but she cannot force herself to leave sinoad , nor to take she eye from nim . as the skeleton force sinbad toward the door , she move out , closely follow oy the battle sinbad and skeleton , then by sokuran , still intently stare at the skeleton , svm 133 PD exp . casple courtyard '' '' ~ 483 . medium stic ? sinbad skeleton pakisa ( h-s-d ) 4.83 as they move out of the lab and into the courtyard , the bastle continue . sokuran follow the skeleton , still direct it . the courtyard be bound by crumble wall and from its center a ruin spiral staircase curl upward to end in mid-air . the skeleton force sinbad backward relentlessly , remain unharme even though sinbad succeed in pass he , sword completely through the fleshless rib caga . sinbad begin to climb backward up the stairway , still parry the thrust of the skeleton . ext . courtyard kh clos= shot parisa ( '' ) 48k. reacting with fear at sinbad 's plight as he climb backward up the stairway . she start to run up the stairway to follow sinbad , but sokurah grab she by the arm , hurl she roughl : aside . 485 lose shot sokurah' eye ( h-s ) 485 . a evil smile begin to light he face as he stare upward , motivate the skeleton up the stairway . - 486 up angle the stairway sinbad and skeleton ( h-s-d ) 4.86 the skeleton seem to fight with renew fury as sinbad move baclward up the last few step . at last he stand on the top step , fight for he life . the skeleton make a fierce lunge at sinbad ; sinbad duck under the skeleton 's arm , seilz= ing the center - pillar of tne stairway , diving completely past the skeleton and whirling to face he again . tne position be now reverse . witn half a dozen furious stroke of he sword sinbad force tne skaleton up and off tne top step of the ruin stairway . the skeleton plunge toward the rock of the courtyard . 4.87 bottom of stairway falling bone ( S ) 487 as they shatter on the stone of the courtyard . medium shot sokurah ( S ) 4886 sokuran stare for a norrify instant , then whirl and run toward the door of he laboratory . up angle top of stair sinbad ( S ) 489 sinbad see sokurah escape ; react . he lift nis 's sword and hurl it at the flee sokurah . : ( we t svm 13k medium close shot lab doo ? sokukah ( S ) ~ 490 as he be pin to the heavy door by sinbad 's throw sword , wnich pass through the fold of he cloak and stick in she wood . ile struggle to escape , but the cloak be wrap about he in such a way that he can neither get loose nor curn to reach the handle of the sword . sinbad move into scene , yank the sword from the door and hold its point at the magician 's throat . sinbad you will betray we no more ! camei sokurah face sinbad 's determine stare and he last resistance melt . with a grimace of defeat he turn and move ahead of sinbad 's sword , into the laboratory . int . laboratory ( '' ) hol sinbad sokurah and parisa 491 sinbad and parisa enter , still force sokurah ahead of they at sword point . they move to the rock pedestal of 4 nuge support : column , from which protrude a set of arm -and - leg cnain set deeply into tne rock . medium shot featuring parisa ( '' ) 492 sinbad hold he sword against sokurah while parisa pass ' the cnain around he wrist and ankle , chain he securely to the rock pedestal . the job finish , sinbad step back . the magician strain at the chain , but they allow he little movement . sindad replace he sword in its scaboard . he unty the lamp from around he waist and hold it - in he hand . sokurah stare enviously at the lamp . sokurah you make a bargain with I -= - sinbad you promise safe conduct to the ship , then try to kill I ... we owe you nothing ! sinbad take parisa 's arm and they start to move off . sokurah you will regret this ! sinbad ( quick smile ) I regret not do this sooner . ke and parisa move off quickly . camera move in to close shot of sokurah stare balefully after they . . dissolve to : svm 135 int . cavern outside of castle 493 @wo shot sinbad and parisa ( S ) 493 : as they emerge from the castle , make they way toward though cave entrance . int . laboratory lok medium shot sokurah ( y ) 494 ee be chain to the stone pedestal as we last see he . he fasten he gaze on the chain that bind he ; he eye burn intensely . ko close siiof the chain ( h - y¥ ) 49s as sokurah 's gaze intensify , the slack chain begin to undulata as though they be alive . they twist about they - selve grotesquely . there be a sound of grind iron . 496 close shot sokurah ( y ) 496 the fire in he eye burn brightly as he glare at the gancing chain . 496a insert : the chain ( h-y ) . 496a as they twist and writhe , dust trickle from the socket of the eye-bolt which hold the chain fast into the stone . suddenly the chain pull free from the wall . 496b full shot sokurah ( yy ) 4963 he run to the table , he hand still drag the chain fragment , to peer into the crystal bali . . in ?. cavern natural arch ( h- s-d ) 497 medium shot sinbad and parisa : 97 as they approach the rock arch over the flame pit , pause on the castle side of the arch to get they breath . parisa stare into the flame pit , remind of something which she cannot clearly recall . 2 . laboratory sokurah and crystal ball ( h-¥ -d ) ota wichin the crystal ball sokurah see sinbad and parisa on the natural aren . in rage , sokurah raise he hand high , then bring the weight of the massive chain down upon the erystal ball . as it shatter into a thousand fragment , there be a flash of lightning and a thunderous roar . ) ) wy 506-5073 09 - s/0a - s12 ee svm 136 scene 1,98 through 507 omitted . int . cavern natural arch ( h- s-d ) , . so7a wnedlum shot sinbad and parisa so7a the thunderous roar , now multiply a hundredfold as it echoe and reverbderate through the underground cave , reach sinbad and parisa in a cataclysmic crescendo . a massive bolt of lightning strike the natural bridge and a huge chunk of the arch collapse into the flame pit , leave sinbad and parisa strand on the castle side of the arch . s507b closer shot sinbad and parisa ( '' ) 5 o7b as they look over the break edge of the bridge . . sinbad we be trap ! parisa let we summon the genie -- quickly } she set the lamp on the rock floor and rub it shree time . : parisa a ( slowly remember ) from the land beyond beyond , from the world past hope and fear , I bid you , genie , now appear ! s07 another angle ( n- y ) so7c tne smoke pour from the lamp spout , whirling and materialize into the form of the genie . he bow . . genie ( quickly ) Command I , oh princess . parisa help we to escape from this cave . genie I shall try , oh princess ... I shall try . 508 closer shot genie ( '' ) 508 from beneath he cloak the genie produce a-coil of golden pope . genie rope , be firm -- rope , hold fast . svn 509 510 5104 512 137 - medium long shot arch ( h-s-d ) 509 ha nurl one end of it upward , out over the flame pit . - tx disappear o.s. and remain suspend by some unseen force . the genie then hand the free end of the rope to sinbad and disappear into the lamp . sloss shot sinbad and parisa ( y ) 510 sinbad seize the end of tne golden rope . sinbad - hold tight , parisa . he swing off . medium long shot arch ( h-s-d ) 510a as sinbad , with parisa cling to he , swing across the proken portion of the bridge to land safely on the far side . another angle parisa and sinbad ( y ) $ 11 as they land . parisa stare into the flame pit below she . sinbad notice she troubled expression . sinbad what be it , princess ? down angle flaming pit ( X ) 512 tha molton rock bubbles and churn ; flame dance on the surface . parisa' voice I remember ! the genie 's poem <= ' into fiery rock to rise you must fall ' ... 513 through 515 omitted , two shot singad and parisa 516 parisa I make a promise to the genie . this be the fiery rock . the lamp must fall into it if he be ever to be free . sinbad but if we lose he help now , we may never reach the snip alive ... svm y 516 s17 518 519 520 int . 521 138 continued : 516 parisa -.. and if the lamp fall into : the flame pit he may be destroy . sinbad ( pause thoughtfully ) still , you promise must be keep . parisa nod slowly in agreement . she lift the lamp , hold it for a orief moment as if in goodbye , then toss it into the pit . close shot flaming pit and lamp ( y ) s517 as the lamp sink beneath the molten , bubbling surface . @wo shot sinbad and parisa ( y ) . 518 parisa stare wistfully after the lamp . parisa ( softly ) Goodbye ... parisa take sinbad 's hand . with he sword draw , he lead the way toward the mouth of the cave . . anoteer angle sokurah 519 as not crouch in a angle of tne rock , waten the flight of sinbad and parisa . when they have go , he turn and move off quickly , follow another route toward the cave mouth . medium shot . sinbad parisa and chain winch ( S ) 520 they have come to the inside winch which control the chain hold the dragon . sinbad turn the huge wooden wheel , wind the chain around the center of the winch . cave mouth medium shot the dragon ( h-s-d ) s21 as it be pull to one side by the chain disappear into the rock wall . the dragon snort and struggle , but to no avail . svm 139 int . cavern 522 back to sinsad and parisa ( 8s ) 522 as sinbad complete the business of wind up the chain , it be hald in place by a lock mechanism which engage tooth cut into the outside edge of the wheel . with the chain wound tight , sinbad and parisa move off toward the mouth of the cave . int . cave mouth 523 nedium shot sinbad parisa and dragon ( h - s-d ) 523 as sinbad and parisa edge past the dragon on the opposite side of the cave from it . the dragon 's neck and head nave be pull tight against the far wall . 52h tight two shot sinbad and parisa ( y ) 52h . tney have pass the dragon and be about to emerge into the full light of the outdoors . suddenly parisa react , give a short scream , raise ona arm in terror . sinbad look , react . : s25 what they see cave mouth full shot ( h- S -d ) 52 prame in the mouth of the cave be a huge cyclops . he stand glaring ferociously into the cave , arma outstretch , completely block the entrance . 526 medium long shot sinbad parisa and cyclop ( yos -d ) 526 sinbad and parisa hesitate for a moment , not know which way to turn and run . the cyclops take a step forward , uttering a low growl , he be answer oy the sound of the dragon o.s. snarling and yanking at he chain . sinbad saize parisa 's hand and run back into the cave , toward the dragon . int . cave ( h-¥-d ) 527 asother angle sinbad parisa and dragon 527 as sinbad and parisa run past the dragon and deeper into the cave , head for the chain winch . 528 medium shot sinbad and chain winch ( 8s ) 528 as sinbad raise he sword and begin nack at the wooden lock machanism which hold the wheel from turn . at the tnird blow of he sword , the mechaniam shatter . 529 medium shot tee dragon ( h-s-d ) 529 inflamad by the sight of its ancient enemy the cyclops , che dragon yank ferociously at the chain . suddenly the chain svm 140 en 529 continued : 529 be no longer hold . the dragon pull away from the wall , snarling and paw the ground , drag out a long length of chain from the wall . 530 medium shot sinbad and parisa ( y ) 530 as tne chain winch beside they whirl rapidly , let out the chain . the wheel jerk the a stop suddenly as the chain reach the end of its length . sound of the anarle and stamp dragon o.s . parisa look toward it , reacting . 531 . medium shot dragon' head and neck ( h-s-d ) 531 as - the dragon give a fierce lunge with its head , the chain snap and the dragon be free . ts huge mouth open ina snarl of triumph . int . cave houth ( h-s-d ) 532 full shot dragon and cyuclop 532 as the freed dragon lunge forward at the cyclops . the cyclops raise he arm , strike at the dragon , but the dragon 's forward movement , carry both of they through the kw cave mouth and out inte the open . 533 two shot sinbad and parisa ( y ) 533 I as they react with satisfaction . they watch the battle for a brief moment , then move off quickly toward the cave entrance . ext . cave mouth ( h-s-d ) 53h - full shot dragon and cyclop s3h fhey be lock in fierce combat , writhe and struggle on the ground . sinbad and parisa exit from the cave , pause to wateh the titanic struggle . they flight be bleck by the battle . 535 close angle sinbad and parisa ( y¥ ) 535 @hey stare upward at the battle giant , overcome with awe at the sight . 536 up angle dragon and cyclop ( h-s-d ) 536 as the cyclops use he head as a batter ram against the cnast of the dragon , seem to stun the great beast with he blow . svm 337 538 539 sul 5h2 141 another angle uragon and cyclop ( h-s-d ) s37 the cyclops seize the dragon around the neck , then use he weight to twist the dragon off balance , slamm the dragon 'a hoad to the ground with earth -shake force . another angle dragon and cyclop ( h-s-d ) 538 as the dragon make a dasperate effort at recovery , raise its head from the ground and coiling , its neck to ward off the blow of though cyclops . the draron apen ita wide mouth and omit a blast of flame which envelop the head and shoulder of the cyclops . as tne flame die out , the cyclops stagger coackward , stunne and daze . tne dragon struggle to its feat , move after the cyclops . two shot singad and parisa ( y ) 539 reacting , see the way open for they escape . , sinbad quickly , this be we chancel they turn and run in the direction of the ship . glos= shot dragon' head ( h-s-d ) 51,0 as it open its mouth and emit another blast of wither flame . down angle full shot ( h-s-d ) sul tne cyclops stagger and fall , and the dragon be upon hin with a single lunge , clamping its huge jaw over the cyclops ! chest and crack the bone with a deadly bite . the cyclops writne , then lie still . the dragon lift its nead and give a bellow of triumph . medium shot sokurah ( h-s-d ) she ha run from the cave and stand watch as the garagon , nead uplift , sound its victory ery , he motion to the cGragon . tne dragon snarl , turn he head and start off after sinbad and parisa . dissolve to : ext . wooded area - day 543 moving shot sinbad and parisa ( S ) 543 they dro run through the wood toward camera . camera - pull back with they as they run toward the ship . Sky full shot dragon ( h-s-d ) shh as it move in pursuit of sinbad and parisa . shs l@ade shot sinbad and parisa ( S ) : sus as they run , then pause again for breath . parisa be near exhaustion . she lean against sinbad for support . sinbad listen ! prom the distance o.s. come the sound of the dragon 's huge footstep thudding against the earth and the crash of oranch . - parisa try to respond , but 1s too weary . she try to run , stumble and fall . sinbad lift ner and move off quickly . sué close shot : dragon be head ( h-s-d ) sl6 '' a as it move along in sinbad 's trail . sl ? medium shot sokurah . ( S ) sl ? '' soxurah continue to run through the wood , follow the dragon . ex2 . beach ( h-s-d ) 51.8 full shot stone pace and tunnel 5l.8 : as sinbad emerge from the tunnel mouth onto the beach with I parisa . he run toward camera , staggering a bit , near the end of he endurance . ex . giant crossbow ( h-s-d ) suo medium shot ali and creymen suo as they hear the o.s. sound of the dragon roaring . they react , look off . suddenly they see sinbad and parisa run inte view from the tunnel . ali it be sinbad ! shg ~ ceg $ $ bh¢ it cs 7h x ky sloa 5498 550 a s50 5503 5506 scene 143 continued : sho sinbad . ( to alt ) : take the princess to the longboat ! with -- quickly ! Ali and parisa run out as sinbad climb up on the giant crossbow . - down shot over top of crossbow ( S ) sloa as the man on the beach pull the rope that wind the ratchet of the crossbow . another angle on the men ( S ) slob ' they strain at tne rope . we hear the ratchet click . suddenly there be the scund of the dragon . the man look off . full shot stone pace and dragon ( h-s-d ) 550 as the dragon emerge from the mouth of the tunnel in pursuit of sinbad and parisa . down shot over top of crossbow ( h-s-d ) s50a sinbad exhort the man into action . sinbad pull ! --=- pull for you life ! suddenly there be a louder roar . sinbad look off , ch full shot the dragon ( h-s-d ) 550b it stand in plain view of the man , breathe smoke and fire . sokurah stand just behind and to the side . another : angle on the men ( S ) 5506 ftney drop the rope . and run for the safety of the longboa . 551 and 552 omitted . full shot sokurah and dragon ( h-s-d ) 553 ' sokurah emerge from the tunnel and move up to the dragon , point toward sinbad . the dragon begin to move forward . clossup sinbad on giant crossbow ( S ) : 55 k as he lift he sword and bring it down in a gacisive stroke , cut tha rope which hold the bowstring taut . nae 3 bb 555 " angle up giant crossbow ( h-s-d ) 555 as the arrow be release toward the dragon . 556 medium shot dragon and sokurah ( h-s-d ) 556 as the huge arrow pierce the chest of the dragon . sokuran stand slightly ahead of and beneath the dragon , look up in rage and disbelief . the dragon give a great convulsive snudder then start to fall forward . 556a close shot . sokurah ( S ) sth look upward in alarm . 557 medium close shot sokurah ( h-s-d ) ' ss ? as he be crush beneath the scaly body of the fall dragon . 558 full shot fallen dragon ( h-s-d ) 558 the dragon lie stretch out on the sand , obscure the erush body of the magician . a final tremor shake the huge body , then it lie still . 559 close shot sinbad ( h-s-d ) 559 he crawl down from the crossbow and head for the longboat o.s. 560 560 medium shot the longboat sinbad parisa and oth as they gaze 0.8. to watch the death throes of @ sinbad run toward parisa wno be on the beach near che lon - boat . parisa run into sinbad 's arm , they embrace briefly , then run to the longboat . the man push off into the water . dissolve to : 561 down shot the ship' longboat at the ship' side 561 as the crewmen and sinbad clamber up the side of the snip , help parisa . ext . deck ( y¥ ) com 562 angle at ship' rail . 562 as sinbad help parisa onto the deck . 562 562a 145 continued : 562 sinbad . ( call ) shake out the main 'l and fore - top ! angle up crewmen and rigging ( S ) 5628 fhe mainsail drop dewn , beginning to fill out as it catch the wind . ext . deck railing 563 medium shot sinbad and parisa ( ¥} 563 thay look back toward though island os though ship begin to move away from it . parisa seem to have regain she breath , and be stand without aid . sinbad farewell colossa.eece parisa it have only one regret . I shall miss harufa and we little friend barani . . sinbad barani ...? parisa «.. his one wish be to sail the seas with you . the genie slide down a rigging rope , drop into the scene beside sinbad and parisa , who react with amazement . genie you call for barani -- I be here ! sinbad ' ( pleased ) why -- it be the genie ! genie no longer a genie , Captain -- but . you cabin boy . sinbad ( laugh ) then prepare my cabin for a feast of celebration . 16 ext , deck of ship 563a sinbad parisa and genie ( S ) 563a he take sinbad by the hand and lead he to the cabin door , genie ( as they walk ) I already have --- while you be climb down from the peak of colossa , I put this on board for youse : tne genie open the door to the cabin . sinbad and parisa look in - amazement on they face . int . sinbades cabin 563b what they see ( S ) 5633 it be file to overflow with the cyclops ! treasure . genie' voice eee . as sort of a wedding present . ) 56 k , another angle sinbad parisa and genie ( '' ) : 56 k o~ sinbad smile warmly , then put a friendly arm around the ' genie 's shoulder . sinbad well do , barani . I know you will be as good a sailor as you be a genie . . gente ( smile hugely ) I shall try , Captain , I shall try . sinbad , parisa and barani laugh together as we : dissolve to : ext , sinrad be ship 565 long shot sinbad parisa and genie . ( S ) 565 as the ship continue to move slowly away toward the open sea and bagdad , 147 565 continued : 565 narrator's voice thus it happen in the time of the Arabian Night ... the wedding of sinbad and the princess parisa be the most magnificent ever see in bagdad . the sultan and the caliph swore everlast peace over large flagon of wineeee and the boy , barani , dream of the time when he , too , would be a great captain like sinbad , and wed a beautiful princesseee . fade out . the end