the kasdan company in association with warner bros . inc . 4000 Warner boulevard burbank , California 91522 '' Rev. 12/14/87 ( Blue ) | - Rev. 03/14/88 ( yellow ) : '' October 30 , 1987 be '' 1987 - warner bros . inc . all rights reserved fade in : the MAIN title begins . int . HOTEL room - day close on a simple overnight bag . it rest on a muss bed in a hotel room . a unseen packer be refilling it for the trip home . a few shirt , sock , underwear .. macon be v.o. the Business . traveler should bring only what fit in a carry - on bag . check you luggage be ask for trouble . the packer carefully add a clear plastic bag contain a variety of travel - size packet of detergent , shoe polish , antacid , shampoo , etc . macon be v.o . add several travel - size packet of detergent so you will not fall into the hand of unfamiliar laundry . there be very few necessity in this world which do not come in travel - size packet . the packer lay in a shave kit . and on top of it a small format guidebook , well - thumbed and annotate , with a cover illustration of a armchair with wine . above the draw it read the accidental tourist and below in_the southeastern UNITED states . something wipe the frame and we see that the packer have laid a gray suit on the bed next to the overnight bag . now , he reach in and pick up the trousers . macon be v.o . one suit be plenty ... if you take along travel - size packet of spot remover . the suit should be medium gray . Gray not only hide the dirt , but be handy for sudden funeral . the packer take we back to the overnight bag as he lay in a thick novel entitle miss macintosh , my darling . macon be v.o. always bring a book as protection against stranger . ( more ) ( continued ) 1 continued : macon be v.o. ( cont 'd ) magazine do not last and newspaper from elsewhere will remind you you do not belong . but do not take more than one book . it be a common mistake to overestimate one 's potential free time and consequently overpack . in travel , as in most of life , less be invariably more . now the packer pause . he hold this last item a long time in he hand . it be a small , frame snapshot of a smile young Boy . macon be v.o . and most importantly , never take along anything on you journey so valuable or dear ... that its loss would devastate you . for the first time , we be close on the face of the packer . his name be macon leary . as he look at the photograph in he hand , he countenance be mask with grief . and in he eye , much pain . but no tear . smash CUT to : 2 ext . l- 1011 - day 2 a beautiful cloudscape -- white , billow , extravagant . but no blue sky . because , as a horrific roar suddenly rush at we , we see a L - 1011 burst into sight below US at five hundred mile a hour and immediately dis - appear , and we realize that we be looking down . and as the roar fade into the much more familiar drone of a jetliner 's cabin -- the MAIN title end . 3 int . l- 1011 - day macon be in the aisle seat of a three - across arrangement . in the middle seat be a enormously fat fellow , mr. loomis . he be so big that macon be very nearly in the aisle , with he knee jutting out to one side . no matter how intently macon pretend to be read miss macintosh , my darling , Mr. loomis continue to look he way . finally the fat man offer he hand . ( continued ) continued : Mr. loomis mr . loomis I be sorry I be so fat . name 's Lucas loomis . macon macon leary . mr . loomis one of this seat be not really enough for I . and the stupid thing be , I travel for a live . I demonstrate software to computer store . what do you do , Mr. leary ? macon I write travel guidebook . mr. loomis be that so ? what kind ? macon oh , guide for businessman . people just like you , I guess . turn he entire body to look at he , like someone encase in a parka . he be suddenly excited . he point mr . loomis accidental Tourist . macon why , yes . mr . loomis really ? be I right ? well , what do you know . look at this . Gray suit . just what you recommend . appropriate for all occasion . to the bag at he foot . mr . loomis see my luggage ? carry -on . Change of underwear , clean shirt , packet of detergent powder . macon well , good . mr . loomis you be my hero ! you have improve my trip a hundred percent . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 3 mr . loomis ( cont 'd ) all that other book waste my time tell I how to see as much of this city as possible . your be the only one that tell I what I really want -- how to — see as little . I tell my wife , " go with the accidental Tourist be like go in a cocoon . " macon well , this be very nice to hear . . mr. loomis Times I have fly clear to Oregon and hardly know I would leave Baltimore . macon excellent . Mr. loomis notice the book on macon 's lap . mr . loomis I see you have get you book there for protection . macon shrug , embarrassed . mr . loomis ( jovial ) do not work with I though , do it ? ( laugh , tickle ) say , I will bet this happen to you all the time . running into you fan , people know you work . macon ( think about it ) no ... actually , this be the first time . . ext . arrival zone , WASHINGTON - baltimore airport - night 4 rain . traffic at the curb . cop move wait car along . macon come out with he overnight bag and spot a Toyota up the curb . he put he bag in the back seat as the Driver scoot over to the passenger side in front . int . macon be car - night macon get in the driver 's seat and lean over to kiss he wife sarah . she be a beautiful woman , but the event of the last year have have a effect on she and she do not look beautiful right now . macon hello , Sarah . sarah hello , macon . macon ( adjust the mirror ) I appreciate this . sarah the rain be terrible . macon ( turn to pull out ) I do not mind 2 little rain . int . / ext . macon be car - night they leave the airport and head for Baltimore . Sarah lean she head against she window , tense . enormous raindrop spatter the windshield . the wiper work : tick - swoosh , tick -swoosh . . sarah I do not know how you can see to drive . macon maybe you should put on you glass , sarah put on my glass would help you to see ? macon not I , you . you be focus on the windshield instead of the road . int . / ext . macon 's car - underpass / highway - night the car shoot through a underpass . the rain stop completely for a moment . quiet . Sarah react , then the hammering on the roof start again . ( continued ) continued : - sarah we could stop and wait this out . macon . Sarah , if I feel we be in the slight danger I would have pull over long ago . sarah you be not a comfort , macon . macon ( look at she ) . honey , I be try to be . sarah you just go on you same old way like before . you little routine and ritual , day after day . macon you be not the only one , Sarah . I do not know why you feel it 's you loss alone . sarah well , I just do , sometimes . a wide lake in the center of the highway crash against the underside of the car . macon pump he brake . sarah do you suppose that person have any idea ? I want to go see he in prison , macon . I want to say , " look at I . look. look at what you do . you do not just kill the people you shot . what you do go on and on forever . you do not just kill my son , you kill I , you kill my husband . do you understand what you do ? " then when I be sure that he do understand , that he feel just terrible ... I be go to open my purse and pull out a gun and shoot he between the eye . macon oh , well , sweetheart -- sarah 's Lord , I do not think I have ever see a@ gun . be not it odd ? ( more ) ( continued ) the , accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 7 ... continued : ( 2 ) sarah ( cont 'd ) ethan 's see one ; ethan have a experience you and I have no notion of . macon Sarah , it 's bad for you to talk like this . sarah oh ? how be I suppose to talk ? macon massage he forehead . macon Sarah , I just feel we can not afford to have this thought . sarah just shut the door , macon . just pretend it never happen . go rearrange you tool , why do not you , line up you wrench from biggest to smallest instead of smallest to biggest -- that 's always fun . macon chew the inside of he cheek . Sarah slump in she seat . sarah macon , I want a divorce . macon what ? the car swerve . ( continued ) 7 10 continued : ( 3 ) 7 macon what ? what do you say ? sarah I just can not live with you anymore . macon ( after a beat ) honey . listen . it 's be a hard year . we have have a hard time . people who lose a child often feel this way . everybody say it 's a terrible strain on a marriage . sarah I would like to find a place of my own as soon as we get back . macon look at she , too long . then , finally , back at the road . they drive in silence , until -- macon place of you own . well . all right . if that 's what you really want . sarah you can keep the house . you never do like move . int . / ext . macon be car - gas station - night 8 this make she finally break down . she turn away . macon switch he right - blinker on . he pull into a gas station , park beneath the overhang , and cut off the engine . the only sound be the drumming of rain on the overhang far above they . int . macon' house ( series of shot ) - day / night int . bathroom - macon' house ( montage ) 9 macon be live alone for the first time . he come into the bathroom , take off he pajama top and put it in the hamper . he begin to shave . int . kitchen -. macon' house ( montage ) 10 in the kitchen , macon , neatly dress ; fix himself egg and read the paper . edward , he welsh corgi dog , eat from a dog food bowl . 11 12 12a the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 9 . int . office - macon' house ( montage ) 11 in_his office , macon sit down resolutely at he type - writer . he put some paper in and begin to look through he note -- very self - possess , very discipline . he type -- macon be v.o . in the southeast they say that if you want to go to Heaven , you have to change plane in Atlanta . the airport there must have ten mile of corridor ... int . macon' office - day 12 another day . macon be talk on the phone at he desk . he wear a different outfit , a bit less neat . something i i i oo i . macon she do not leave I , Rose . we decide to separate , that 's all . the last thing I need be my sister say , " oh , poor macon , how could Sarah do this to you . " rose ( on phone ) why would I say that ? everybody know the leary man be difficult to live with . macon oh . we begin to intercut : int . kitchen - rose's house - day 124 rose leary , macon 's sister , be in the kitchen of she house . as she talk to macon she continue to tinker with the motor of some disassembled appliance which be spread in piece across the table . rose where be she ? macon she 's get a apartment downtown . rose have she be in touch since she leave ? ( continued ) oe * 124 13 14 15 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 10 . continued : 124 macon she 's come by once or twice . once , actually . for thing she need . rose what kind of thing ? macon well , a double boiler . thing like that . rose she be check to see how you be do . do you talk at all ? macon no . I just hand she the double boiler . rose oh , macon . you might have ask she in . macon I be scared she would say no . rose ( after silence ) well . anyhow . but I be ing ale ! get along ! rose yes , of course you be . int . macon' house ( series of shot ) - day / night in the live room , macon peer at " nightwatch " with a 13 unreasonable intensity . he be wear a gray sweatsuit . his dog Edward snuggle beside he . in_his bedroom , macon turn off he morning alarm and 14 roll over . he squint in the light at a coffee maker and a popcorn popper , both on timer , both do they thing right next to he bed . he slide out of bed toward the. bathroom . he be wear the same gray sweatsuit . it look worse . Edward lift he head from among the cover . '' macon , still in he sweatsuit , open 15 the laundry chute and a square - off column of dirty laundry drop down into he basket . he stoops to lift it and pause for a second , careful with he back . 16 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 10a. in the kitchen , at dusk , macon stand stare into the 16 refrigerator try to decide on dinner . finally he close the refrigerator door and open the freezer . he take out a container of ice cream . he stand at the back door , stare out at the yard , eat he dinner from the carton . 17 18 11 . int . macon' office - day 17 macon , in he gamy gray sweatsuit , slight stubble on he chin , again sit in front of he typewriter with the phone to he ear . the sheet in the typewriter have only one sentence fragment on it : " the traveler should be forewarn ... " sarah ( on phone ) I think I would drop over and pick it up Saturday morning , if that 's convenient . macon : I leave for England tomorrow afternoon . we begin to intercut : int . sarah' apartment - day 18 close on Sarah in a high - back chair . we can not see she apartment except as it be reflect in she expression as she look around during the conversation . macon - * maybe I could bring the rug over . sarah I will just let myself in on Saturday . macon that way , I could see you apartment . I have never be inside , you know . sarah it 's a disaster . nothing 's be do . macon be silent , wait . sarah I should have agree to teach summer school . something . I open my eye in the morning and think , " why bother get up ? " _ macon I too . sarah why bother eat ? why bother breathe ? ( continued ) 18 19 20 12 . continued : 18 macon I too , sweetheart . there be a long silence . macon so I guess you will come by while I be go . sarah if that 's all right . int . / ext . macon be car - meow - bow hospital and STREET - 19 day macon , wear he medium - gray travel suit , drive along peer at all the sign on the business . Edward be perch happily next to he , look out the passenger window . macon see a sign across the street : meow - bow animal hospital . macon brake suddenly and Edward lurch onto the floor . macon ( to dog ) sorry . he make a leave turn into the parking lot . int . meow - bow animal hospital - day 20 macon drag Edward into the wait room . the dog be whimpering , he claw scrabbling on the linoleum , rump shaking . he do not like this . behind the counter stand a thin Young woman in a ruffle peasant blouse . she have aggressively frizzy hair that burgeon to she shoulder like a arab headdress . her name be muriel pritchett . muriel hi , there . macon do you board dog ? muriel sure . macon I would like to board Edward , here . she lean over the counter to look at Edward . ( continued ) 20 continued : 13 . 20 muriel do you have a reservation ? macon a reservation ? no. muriel most people reserve . . macon could not you make a exception ?. she think it over , frown down at Edward . macon please . I have just come from the place we have use in the past and suddenly they tell I they can not take he anymore , that he bit someone last time . muriel Edward ? do you bite ? how could you . do such a thing ? ~- macon I be about to catch a plane . I be leave for a week , and I do not have a soul to look after he . I be desperate , I tell you . she glance up at he sharply , surprised . muriel _ can not you leave he home with you wife ? macon no. muriel oh . you be not marry ? macon well , I be , but she 's ... live elsewhere . they do not allow pet . muriel oh . muriel come out from behind the counter . she be wear very short red short . Edward begin to calm down . ( continued ) eee 20 21 22 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 14 . continued : ( 2 ) - 20 muriel I be a divorcy myself . I know what you be go through . Edward fold he ear back invite a pat . she bend and stroke he head . macon so will you keep he ? muriel oh , I guess . if you be desperate . ( hand he a form ) fill this out . you name and address and when you will be back . do not forget to put when you will be back . macon nod , uncapping he fountain pen . muriel I will most likely see you again when you come to pick he up . I mean if you put the time of day to expect you . my name 's muriel . ( look up at he write ) muriel pritchett . int . london underground - day 21 macon ride a impossibly steep escalator into the bowel of the city . macon' v.0o . - I recommend the Underground for everyone except that afraid of height , and even for they if they will avoid the follow station ... int . london HOTEL room - day 22 macon , just arrive , regards the modest room neutrally -- except for the horrible , standard - issue bedspread , which seem to cause he particular distress . he quickly strip it from the bed , fold it and stuff it in the closet . he turn back to the room . that 's better . ext . / int . london street and restaurant ( series of shot ) 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 15 . ext . " the yankee delight " coffee shop - day 23 macon enter a coffee shop call " the yankee Delight " , all red , white and blue decor . int . " my american cousin " restaurant - day 24 macon be make note in a previous edition of the i i i when he scramble egg and coffee be serve . he look the plate over carefully and make another note in he book before put it aside and beginning to eat . we can see that the earlier edition will soon be fill with he marking : name scratch out , other add , note across the margin . the waiter hover . waiter and to drink ? macon just coffee , please . decaffeinate . waiter we have no decaffeinate . macon ( react ) oh , you do not ? well , never mind . the waiter nod and retreat . macon quickly make a disappointed note in he guidebook . macon leave the '' american pancake House " and walk down 25 the block to the " american Steak House '' and go in . he make note . int . paddington station - day 26 macon busy a hot dog from a vendor advertising " genuine american hot dog " as London commuter stream by . macon , book and pen in hand , manage a bite of the mustard - cover dog . he 's not pleased . omitted 27 int . london hotel ( series of shot ) macon flush the toilet in a cramped bathroom in a - 28 old hotel . a nervous manager try to see what macon write in he guidebook . another hotel manager , a short dapper fellow , wait with 29 macon for a elevator . and wait . the short dapper fellow become increasingly frenetic as the elevator fail to arrive . macon watch sympathetically . 30 31 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 16 . in the lobby of yet another place , macon stand with a 30 dignify Lady manager who look like Margaret thatcher . macon gaze at a covey of robe Arabs be serve tea across the room . a bellhop push a cartload of new , box Sony equipment to the elevator . macon have the hotel , ah , change ownership ? the Lady manager lower she eye , distraught . int . meow - bow animal hospital - dusk 31 macon stand alone at the counter and ring the service bell . a girl with a ponytail poke hér head through a door . macon I be here for my dog . girl you last name ? macon leary . girl oh . just a minute . the girl disappear , and a moment later muriel come out . she wear a v-neck black dress splash with big pink flower and preposterously high -heeled sandal . muriel well , hi there ! how be you trip ? macon oh , it be ... where 's Edward ? be he all right ? muriel sure , he 's all right . we just get on like a house afire . seem he take a shine to I , I could not say why . macon wonderful . so could I have he back , please ? muriel caroline will bring he . muriel wait , face he and wear a perky smile . ( continued ) 31 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 17 . continued : ° 31 her long nail be dark red and she wear a blackish lipstick . macon um. maybe I could pay . muriel oh , yes . that will be forty - two dollar . macon give she a credit card . the length of she nail make work the emboss machine difficult . she turn the bill in he direction . muriel signature and phone . ( watch he sign ) be that you home phone , or you business ? macon it 's both . why ? what difference do it make ? muriel . I be just wonder . I do not know if I mention before that it so happen I train dog . macon be that right ? muriel my speciality be dog that bite . macon specialty . webster prefer " specialty . " she give he a blank look . macon that must be a dangerous job . muriel oh , not for I ! TI can handle anything . Edward burst through the door , follow by the girl with the ponytail . ( continued ) the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 18. continued : ( 2 ) 31 the dog yelp and fling himself about so joyfully that macon can not really pet he . muriel biter , barker , dog that have not be treat right ... even split personality . macon Split personality ? muriel where you dog be , like , nice to you but kill all other ... not that Edward would bite I , of course . he just fall in love with I , like I think I be tell you . macon I be glad to hear it . muriel but I could train he in no time not to bite other people . you think it over and call I . muriel , remember ? muriel pritchett . let I give you my card . she hand he a card . macon well , I will bear that in mind . thank you very much . muriel or just call for no reason ! call and talk . macon talk ? muriel sure ! talk about Edward , he problem , talk about ... anything ! pick up the phone and just talk . do not you ever get the urge to do that ? macon not really . 314 31b 32 33 34 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 19 . ext . macon be house - dusk - 31a ¥* macon move slowly up the front walk of he home , as if * in dread . Edward run wildly ahead onto the porch , very * happy . * int . entry hall , macon be house - dusk 31b * macon unlock the door and open it . Edward rush in * and disappear , he scrabbling claw echoing from the * hardwood floor . macon stand just inside the door of * * the empty house , alone in the late afternoon gloom . int . macon' bedroom - morning 32 coffee steam in the coffee maker and popcorn cool in the popcorn maker , but macon be still sleep -- but restlessly , without peace . the phone by the bed ring loudly and macon grab it instantly , half -asleep . macon yeah ? ethan's voice ( on phone ) dad ? macon ethan ? where be you ? ethan's voice ( on phone ) I be at camp , dad . you never come to get I . macon but we think you be dead . again we hear a loud phone ring . ethan's voice ( on phone ) why would you think that ? int . macon' bedroom - morning 33 macon wake up for real now . it be a much slower process . the phone ring twice more before he get it . on the line be julian hedge , macon 's boss . to see he , * we begin to intercut with : int . julian' office ( businessman' PRESS ) - morning 34 Julian sit with he foot up on he cluttere desk . he 's young than macon -- also louder , cheerier , more sprightly . ( continued ) 34 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 194. continued : ( Al ) . 34 he have a yachtsman 's tan and taste in clothes ; in fact , he 's idly twist some kind of navigational tool on he finger . macon yes . julian macon ! welcome back ! how be the trip ? : macon it be okay . julian this be Julian . ( continued ) 20 . 34 continued : - 34 macon I know . julian just when do you figure to bring I a manuscript ? macon I do not know . julian I guess I wake you . macon yes . julian '' the accidental Tourist in bed . " he make it sound like the title of something . julian so anyway , can I expect it by the end of the month ? macon no ... I 'do not know . macon notice , to he surprise , that there be tear on he cheek . he wipe they . julian hey . pal . be you okay ? macon I be fine ! just fine ! 1I '11 have the manuscript in by the fifteenth . possibly earlier . yes , very possibly earlier . macon hang up . 35 int . macon' office - day 35 macon 's work material be arrange about he typewriter . macon come in in he gray sweatsuit and stand behind he chair look at the typewriter . he do not look so good . he walk out . 36 int . macon' live room - night 36 macon be watch television , blankly . Edward lie on the sofa beside he . the phone ring . ( continued ) 36 36a the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 21 . continued : - 36 macon look at it suspiciously -- he do not want any more surprise . finally , he pick it up . macon leary . muriel ( on phone ) macon ? it 's muriel . macon muriel . muriel ( on phone ) muriel pritchett . we begin to intercut : int . live room , muriel be house - night 36 a muriel sit on the couch in the live room of she cramped row house . she hold the receiver with she chin and shoulder so she hand be free to try on a variety of press - on fingernails . macon ( still do not remember ) ah , yes . muriel from the vet 's ? who get on so good with you dog ? macon right ! muriel I be just wonder how Edward be . macon glance over at Edward . macon he look all right to I . muriel no problem ? macon well ... he 's develop this new symptom . he get angry if I leave the house . he start bark and show he tooth . ( continued ) * eo oe 36 a 37 38 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 22 . continued : - 36a * muriel * he ought to be train . macon oh , you know , he 's four and a half and I suppose -- muriel * that 's not too old ! tell you what , maybe I could just come around and discuss it . macon well , I really do not think -- muriel * or you could come to my place . I would fix you supper . ( silence ) macon ? what do you say ? macon look at the phone , confuse . macon I think for now I will just try to manage on my own . muriel * well , I can understand that . believe I . I have be through that stage . so what I will do be , I will wait for you to get in touch . macon : yes . that would be good . Goodbye . macon be replace the phone on its hook as he hear : muriel * I do not want to be pushy ! int . macon' kitchen , top of basement stair - day 37 Edward stand whimpering and shaking at the open door to the basement , peer down into the gloom . int . basement - day 38 macon be intently strapping the laundry basket we see earlier to a colorful skateboard -- ethan 's . despite some glimmer of satisfaction at he creation , macon look worse than ever . thing be go downhill . ( continued ) 38 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 22a . continued : ( Al ) ° 38 macon glance up at Edward at the top of the stair , irritate . macon if you want to come down , come . otherwise go away . but stop that pitiful whimper . this basement be not haunt . macon stand to admire he work , push it across the floor toward the laundry chute with he foot . . . macon that ought to do nicely . ( continued ) 38 23 . continued : . 38 macon position the roll laundry basket under the chute , open the hatch and watch the square - off stack of laundry drop neatly into the basket . macon push the basket across the basement to the wash machine and put the laundry inside . he start the machine ; it shake violently and grumble into operation . he take a load from the dryer , drop it in the basket and give it a kick across the floor . it roll to a stop at the bottom of the stair . macon stand where he be , as if transfix , lose in space . after a long moment , he snap out of it . macon : ( to himself ) Buck up . he walk over to the stair and be about to pick up the dry clothes when he attention be draw to the whimpering Edward , who , despite he terror , have make he way hesi - tantly down two step . macon be a bit cheer by this and put out he arm encouragingly . macon that 's the stuff , Edward . come on . nothing to be afraid of here . Edward quake down two more step , whining , then lose he resolve . macon move up a step toward he , arm open . macon do not give up , Edward . we can make it . come on . we be both go to make ethan proud . at that instant the wash machine go out of balance and begin to rock wildly , emit a horrendous screech - ing noise . Edward 's eye widen . he leap from he spot into macon 's chest and arm . macon , look at the wash machine , take the claw leg in he diaphragm and step back into empty space . one foot land in the laundry basket , which immediately roll out from under he . macon go down hard . Edward scamper up to the top of the stair , yelping wildly , and stand look back down at -- macon , in agony , sprawle on the floor , he leg stick out behind he at a impossible angle . his eyelid flicker as he look up the stair . ( continued ) 38 39 24 . continued : ( 2 ) > 38 macon' Pov of Edward at the top of what seem now a endless staircase . the little dog begin to fade to black . fade in : int . dine room ( rose's house ) - night 39 we be look at a large frame portrait on the wall . it be the leary sibling as child : macon in the center , he older brother porter and charle on either side , and , perch in the foreground , he sister rose . a little move of the camera reveal they now , thirty year older , eat dinner . all four be intently prepare they baked potato . they have scoop out the inside and fill the skin with butter . the floury inside be mashed and seasoned separately . macon 's leg be in a cast to he hip . macon . I do not think anyone else have any idea where I be . porter what do you mean ? macon I mean that I have come to stay over here with you for a while . charle do it matter ? macon consider . rose do you think you should tell Sarah ? macon ( no ) it 's nice to be so unconnected . I wish thing could stay that way a while . charle why can not they ? macon oh , well , you know , someone will call here , Sarah or someone -- ( continued ) 39 40 25 . continued : - 39 rose maybe we could just not answer the phone . macon what , let it go on ringing ? porter . why not ? macon not answer it any time ? rose most who call I be neighbor . they will pop over in person if they do not get a answer . charle I will not miss it . macon look at porter , who shake he head , " no problem . " int . SUN porch ( rose's house ) - night 40 the four sibling sit at a ancient card table play a card game of they own invention call vaccination . macon be the only one not totally concentrate on the card . his gaze move from brother to sister to brother with the same interest they lavish on they card . something about this make he a little uneasy . the telephone in the live room ring . nobody seem to notice . Rose lay a king on porter 's queen . porter stinker . rose hypodermic . Rose lay a king on the ace . Charles react , whistling -- excited for he , which be not much . macon smile . porter you be a real stinker , Rose . macon ( pull a card from he hand ) disinfectant . 41 42 43 26 . int . SUN porch - day : 41 macon 's typewriter and work material be set up here now . : macon be v.o. generally food in England be not as jarring as in other foreign country . Nice cook vegetable , thing in white sauce ... I do not know why some traveler complain about English food . ~ he hear yell from the front of the house . julian 0o.s. help ! help ! call off you dog . macon prop himself on he crutch and make he way to the window , in the front parlor . int . / ext . parlor - front yard - day 42 macon' Pov : Edward have someone treed in the giant magnolia to the right of the walk ; he 's barking and pop off . the ground . . julian ( somewhere in branch ) call he off , dammit ! macon Edward ! stop that ! ext . front yard and porch - day 43 macon struggle down the porch step and hop over to the magnolia . he manage to lean over and grab the leash Edward be trail . he peer up into the tree . macon who be that ? julian this be you employer , macon . macon Julian ? Julian lower himself from the magnolia . he have a line of dirt across the front of he light slack . ( continued ) the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 27 . 43 continued : - 43 julian I really hate a man with a obnoxious dog . I do not hate just the dog , I hate the man who own he . macon well , I be sorry about this . I think he be off on a walk with porter . julian what happen to you leg ? macon I break it . julian well , I see that , but how ? macon it 's kind of hard to explain . Julian support macon as they climb the step . julian do you know how late you be run with this guidebook ? 44 int . parlor - day 44 macon lead Julian into the parlor . Julian look around * with interest . * julian : * this be quite a place . * macon we it be my grandparent 's house . I grow up here . julian where 's Sarah ? macon who ? julian you wife , macon . macon oh . um , she and I be ... ( continued ) 44 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 28 . continued : - 44 macon cross to the couch and make a great business of settling himself and arrange he crutch at he side . macon she 's get this apartment downtown . julian you have split . macon nod . julian Jesus , macon , what go wrong ? macon nothing . it turn out this thing can happen for no particular reason . Edward suddenly fly into the hall barking furiously . the front door swing open , hit the radiator . rose 0.s. hush , now . Rose cross the hall and look into the parlor . Julian get to he foot . Charles come in behind Rose . macon Julian hedge , this be my sister , Rose . and this be my brother , Charles . neither Rose nor Charles can shake hand ; they be hug - ging brown paper bag full of grocery . they greet Julian . julian macon leary with a sister ! and a brother , too . who would have guess it ? that macon leary have a family just never enter my mind , somehow . macon ( irritate ) I be right here , Julian . Rose give Julian a polite , puzzle smile . julian yes , I do . see a family resemblance . ( continued ) 29 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) - 44 rose you be macon 's publisher . I be the one who mail you macon 's chapter . julian oh , yes . rose I be suppose to send you some more , but first . I have to buy nine - by - twelve envelope . all we have get leave be ten-by-thirteen . it 's terrible when thing do not fit precisely . they get all out of alignment . julian ah . Julian look at Rose for a very long moment , fascinate . macon we would not want to keep you , Rose . rose oh ! no. she smile at Julian , hoist she grocery higher , and leave the room . Charles slog after she . julian the macon leary nine-by-twelve envelope crisis . macon oh , Julian , drop it . julian really , I have no idea , macon . I mean , if you would let I know what be go on in you life ... look . if you want another , I do not know , another month -- macon get up and hobble off toward the sun porch . macon oh , nonsense , what 's a miss wife or two , right ? here , let I get what I have type and you can check it . . ( continued ) 44 45 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 30 . continued : ( 3 ) : 44 the front door bang open again and Edward begin bark - ing at porter , who march through toward the kitchen without a glance into the parlor . porter ( to Edward ) monster . do you know how long I have be look for you ? Julian be look after he with a bemuse smile when macon drop the manuscript gently in he lap . macon sit back down on the sofa as Julian begin to read . the telephone begin to ring over and over ; no one answer . Julian lock at macon and raise he eyebrow . but since no one else seem to hear the ringing , Julian go back to he read . moving in on macon as he watch Julian and remember -- int . old BAY restaurant ( flashback ) - day 45 macon and Julian , have just meet , sit at a small table in the conservative seafood restaurant . julian here 's my plan . I own this little company call the businessman 's Press . well , little : I say little . actually we sell coast to coast . and now I want to put out a guidebook for commercial traveler . we would call it something catchy , I do not know : reluctant Tourist ... and you be the fellow to write it . macon I ? julian I know the minute I read you hot dog essay in the Baltimore Sun . macon that be a one time thing . I work in the family business . I be not really a writer . julian I think you be . macon but I hate to travel . ( continued ) 45 continued : 31 . julian I think so . so do businessman . I mean , this folk would rather be home in they live room . so you will be help they pretend that 's where they be . Julian pull a square of paper from he breast pocket and flatten it on the table . julian what do you think ? it be a engrave of the winge armchair we know as macon 's logo . julian you logo . get it ? macon um ... julian while armchair traveler dream of go place , travel armchair dream of stay put ! I think we would use this on the cover . macon ah ! but would I actually have to travel myself ? julian well , yes . macon ( disappointed ) oh. julian but just briefly . I do not want too much information . I be not look for anything encyclopedic . I be look for the opposite of encyclopedic . macon oh. ( pause ) what be the opposite ? 32 . 46 int . parlor ( back to present ) - day ~ 46 macon watch as Julian restack the manuscript page . julian after this I want to start on New York and the northeast again . macon so soon ? . julian it 's be three year , macon . Julian stand up , and , with some difficulty , macon do too . 47 int . / ext . front hall - doorway - day 47 when they reach the front door , Edward block it , barking . macon Edward , stop it . macon give one crutch to Julian and bend to grasp Edward 's leash . Edward turn and snarl at macon . julian whoa ! Edward snap at he leash with a audible click . then he snap at macon 's hand . macon step back and drop the leash . the other crutch clatter to the floor . julian macon ? do he get you ? macon look down at he hand . there be four red puncture mark in the fleshy party . Julian give he he crutch , keep one eye on Edward . julian I would not have a dog like that . I would shoot he . macon he 's never do that . julian I would call the s.p.c.a . or the what 's - it , dogcatcher . tell they you want he do away with . macon just go , Julian . ( continued ) 47 48 33 . continued : > 47 Julian open the door and slide through it sideways , glance back at Edward . julian that be not a well dog . int . kitchen - day 48 Rose stand on a stepstool in front of a tower glass - fronted cupboard , accept the grocery that Charles and porter hand up to she . : rose now I need the n's , anything start with no porter how about this noodle ? N for noodle ? p for pasta ? rose E for elbow macaroni . you might have pass that up earlier , porter . - macon come hobbling in . Edward follow shyly . macon Rose ? it seem Edward 's give I a little sort of nip . the sibling stop work to examine he hand . rose oh , macon ! charle how do it happen ? macon it be a accident , that 's all . but I think I need a antiseptic . charle you need a tetanus shot , too . porter . : you need to get rid of that dog . they look at Edward . he grin up at they nervously . macon he do not mean any harm . ( continued ) 48 49 50 51 52 34 . continued : - 48 porter take off you hand at the elbow and he mean no harm ? you should get rid of he , I tell you . macon see , I can not . porter why not ? . ' macon well , see ... they wait . macon look down at the dog a long moment , remember -- int . / ext . macon be house - series of shot ( flashback ) in_the live room , we be close on a jump Edward . as 49 he retreat , we see the laugh face of ethan , the dog 's wrestle adversary . the dog come back for another go . in the kitchen , Sarah 's leg wipe past ethan sit 50 on the floor gently brush a becalm Edward . in the backyard , tracking with a soccer ball as it roll 51 across the lawn . Edward catch up to it , craze , and shoulder into the hedge , growling ferociously . across the yard , ethan watch delighted , head throw back , he laughter high and clear , but seem now to grow ever more distant . he turn to look at camera , at what must be -- int . kitchen , rose's house ( back to present ) 52 -- macon . his sibling watch he with some pain . now they avert they eye tactfully , kindly . macon I just can not get rid of he . Rose pull a first - aid kit from the cupboard . rose maybe we could send he to obedience school . 53 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 35 . int . / ext . entrance hall - day ° 53 Edward be sit on the floor . his rump wiggle from he desire to stand up . he be look up expectantly at -- muriel pritchett , who stand above he as macon , on crutch , watch . muriel make a clucking sound with she tongue and hold out she hand . . muriel now you kind of cluck you tongue . they get to know a cluck mean praise . and when I hold my hand out -- see ? that mean he have to stay . Edward stay , but a yelp erupt from he every few second . finally , muriel snap she finger over Edward 's head . Edward jump up , barking . muriel ( to dog ) that be very good . muriel reach into she purse and pull out a long blue leash attach to a choke chain . she slip the choke chain over Edward 's head . : muriel he 's suppose to wear this every minute till he 's train . that way you can yank he back whenever he do something wrong . she take a step back and point to Edward 's rump . Edward stand fast . muriel poke he down . macon prop a crutch against the radiator and bend stiffly to jab Edward with one finger . Edward sit . macon cluck . then he straighten and back away , hold - ing out he palm . but instead of stay , Edward rise and follow he . muriel hiss between she tooth . Edward shrink down again . muriel he do not take you seriously . ( continued ) 53 continued : 36 . macon well , I know that . muriel a couple of year ago I see this ad in the paper . make extra money in you off hour . place be a dog-train firm that go around to people 's house . doggie , do , it be call . do not you just hate that name ? but anyhow , I answer the ad . I tell they that to be honest , I do not like animal but Mr. quarle , the owner , he tell I that be just as well . he tell I it be people who get all mushy about they that have the most trouble . macon well , that make sense . muriel who 's the lady ? macon Lady ? muriel the lady I just see walk through the dining room . macon that 's Rose . muriel be she you ex-wife ? or what . macon she 's my sister . muriel oh , you sister ! macon this house belong to she . muriel I do not live with anybody either . macon blink , try to follow she think . muriel you can release he now . ( continued ) the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 37 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) . 53 macon pardon ? muriel release you dog . macon snap he finger and Edward jump up , yapping . muriel how about you ? what do you do for a live ? macon I write travel guide . muriel Travel guide ! lucky . I love to travel ! macon oh , travel . it 's just red tape , mostly . ticket line , custom line ... should Edward be bark that way ? muriel give Edward a slit-ey look and he quiet . muriel if I could go anywhere I would go to Paris . it sound so romantic . macon Paris be terrible . everybody 's impolite . muriel take I with you next time ! I could show you the good part . macon ( flustered ) well , I have a very limited expense account . I never even take my wife , or , um , my ... wife . : . muriel I be only teasing . ( look at he ) you think I mean it ? macon oh , no . ( continued ) 53 54 55 38 . continued : ( 3 ) . 53 ° she grow suddenly brisk . muriel , that will be fourteen forty , include the leash and the choke chain . you have to practice what he 's learn , and no one else can practice for you . macon count out some bill and all he change . muriel you can pay I the other four cent tomorrow . muriel motion for Edward to sit and hand the leash to macon . muriel release he when I be go . macon hold out he palm and stare hard into Edward 's eye , begging he to stay . Edward stay , but he moan when he see muriel go out the front door , when macon snap he finger , Edward jump up and attack the front door . . int . SUN porch - night : 54 the sibling be play vaccination . Charles lay down . a good card . Rose and porter , independently , begin to make the dog-train clucking sound of approval . macon '' look up . over in the corner , Edward raise he head , ext . sidewalk on rose's block - day 55 a damp , drippy morning . muriel and macon be in rain - coat . muriel be teach Edward to " heel . " macon struggle along on he crutch . muriel when I be in high school I make nothing but a 's . you be surprised at that , be not you ? you think I be kind of like , not a intellect . I know what you be think ! you be surprised . macon no , I be not . ( continued ) 55 56 39 . continued : . 55 she glance down at Edward . abruptly , she slap she hip ; she black vinyl raincoat make a buckling SOUND . muriel that 's the '' heel '' command . she start walk . Edward follow uncertainly . muriel he 's suppose to match he pace to anything . slow , fast , anything I do . she speed up and Edward scurries after she . Edward cross in front of she and muriel walk right into he , kick he . when he dawdle , she yank he leash . soon Edward be keep close to muriel 's leave side . muriel I think he 's get the hang of it . now you . macon attempt to slap he hip without lose he crutch . then he set off . Edward keep pull ahead . muriel yank that leash ! he know what he 's suppose to do . do not forget to cluck . every little minute , you have to praise he . macon this be a bit more difficult with crutch . muriel hah ! I once teach a man who have no leg and only one arm . macon look at she sharply , doubtful . _ muriel and he have a great dane . macon really ? muriel you be not in such bad shape . they reach the front of Rose 's house . ext . rose's house - day 56 muriel I have to get go . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 57 40 . continued : . 56 muriel ( cont 'd ) that will be five dollar , please , and the four cent you owe I from yesterday . he give she the money and she stuff it in she raincoat pocket . muriel next time ; I will stay longer and talk . that 's a promise . muriel trill she finger at he , and click off toward a car park down the street -- a age , gray , boat - like sedan . she slide in and slam the door -- there be a sound like fall beer can . the engine twang and rattle before it take hold . macon watch she go . macon be v.o. {same guidebook tone ) it be a unfortunate fact that even the most conscientious traveler cannot be prepare for every encounter . at such time , one must remain calm and rely upon one 's innate common sense . ext . businessman' PRESS - day 57 macon , on crutch , lean down to speak to Rose once more before she drive away . macon be you absolutely clear about this ? rose ( look around the area ) yes . I know exactly where we be . ( hold up note paper ) besides , I have the address right here ! I will be back in one half hour . macon you be sure ? rose macon , please . I be just go around the corner . now , goodbye . she pull away . macon watch with concern , then turn to face the old brick mansion which house the Business - man 's Press . he have a thick manila envelope in hand . 58 41 . int . julian be office - day . 58 later . Julian finish glance without much interest through the material macon have bring he . his desk be out in the center of the large , tile entry hall -- he can not stand to be alone -~ and he secretary be off ina back room . sail chart and instrument be everywhere . Julian put down the papers and regards macon with amusement . julian '' the accidental Tourist on crutch . " macon get to he foot . macon I guess I will be go . my sister 's pick I up as soon as she get do with she errand . julian Rose ? she 's come here ? I would like to see she . macon look at he suspiciously . julian macon , do I a favor . could not you just once invite I to a family dinner ? macon we be really not much for socialize . julian it would not have to be fancy . just whatever you eat normally . what do you eat normally ? or I will bring the meal myself . you could lock the dog up . and I will come spend the evening . macon we will see . julian ( get up ) when my father say that , it always mean " no " . why do not I step outside and wait with you for Rose . macon I would really rather you do not .: Julian sink back in he chair , disappointed . 59 42 . int. / ext . entrance hall rose's house - day 59 macon watch as muriel stand over Edward , who dance happily around she . muriel have a gauzy bouffant scarf over she hair . she point at Edward 's rump . the dog sit and muriel pick up he leash . macon how 's you little boy ? muriel look over at macon . muriel what ? macon be not he sick ? muriel who tell you that ? macon someone at the vet 's , when I phone . they say you little boy be sick . she go on look at he . macon what be it ? the flu ? it 's that time of year , I guess . muriel how come you phone ? macon I want to know why Edward would not lie down . she turn she gaze toward Edward . macon I tap my foot but he never obey I . something 's wrong . muriel I tell you he would be stubborn about it . macon yes , but I have be practice two day now and he 's not -- muriel what do you expect ? you think I be magical or something ? why blame I ? ( continued ) 59 43 . continued : . macon oh , I be not blame -- muriel you most certainly be . you tell I something 's wrong , you call I on the phone -- macon I just - want to -- muriel you think it 's weird I do not mention Alexander , do not you ? you think I be some kind of unnatural mother . macon what ? no , wait a minute -- muriel you be not go to give I another think , be you , now you know I have get a kid . you be like , " oh , forget it , no point get involved in that . " as muriel 's voice grow shriller , the hair on Edward 's neck begin to stand up . the dog 's lip begin to curl and he start a low growl . muriel : you wonder why I do not tell you about Alexander right off . well , be not it obvious ? do not you see what happen when I do ? muriel look down at the dog and stop speak . she tap she foot twice , but Edward rise from he sit position , a distinct hump between he shoulder . muriel down . with a bellow , Edward spring at she fate , every tooth bare and gleam . muriel instantly raise the leash . . he stop bark and start make gargling sound . macon he 's choke . stop it . it 's enough . you be choke he ! ( continued ) 59 44 , continued : ( 2 ) ~ 59 still , she let he hang . now Edward 's eye roll back in they socket . macon grab at muriel 's shoulder . muriel lower Edward to the floor . he land in a bone - less heap . macon crouch at he side . macon Edward ? Edward ? oh God , he 's dead ! Edward raise he head and feebly lick he lip . muriel see that ? when they lick they lip it 's a sign they be give in . doggie , do teach I that . macon stand up , shaking . macon do not you ever , ever do that again . muriel huh ? macon in fact , do not even bother come again . there be a startle silence . muriel ( tightening scarf ) well , fine . if that 's the way you feel , just fine and dandy . she step neatly around Edward and open the front door . muriel you want a dog you can not handle ? Fine with I . macon I would rather a bark dog than a damage , timid dog . . muriel you want a dog that bite all you friend ? you want a evil , nasty dog ? that kill the whole world ? she slip . out the screen door and close it behind she . then she look through the screen directly into macon 's eye . ( continued ) 59 60 45 . continued : ( 3 ) : muriel why , yes , I guess you do . from the hall floor , Edward give a moan . int . / ext . entrance hall - night camera be locked from the previous scene as daylight fade and the porchlight come on and suddenly Julian , yet another outsider , be at the leary 's screen door and Rose be admit he . Edward bark from behind some nearby door , julian ( a little shy ) hello , Rose . rose ( pleased ) hello , Julian . come in . julian I have bring some material for macon . just then macon appear , with Charles close behind . julian I hope I be not interfere with supper . rose no , no . macon ( eye he suspiciously ) we have finish . julian ( disappointed ; look at watch ) really ? what time do you eat , anyhow ? rose but we have not have we coffee . would not you like some coffee ? julian I would love some . . macon it seem a little silly if you have not eat . 59 60 46 . 61 int . live room - night . 61 Rose lead the group into the live room . julian for I , home - brew coffee be a real treat . all the people in my apartment building eat out , and there 's nothing in any of the kitchen but a couple can of peanut and some diet soda . rose what kind of place be that ? julian it 's the calvert arm -- a singles building . everybody 's single . rose oh ! what a interesting idea . julian ( gloomily ) well , not really . sometimes I wish for the old - fashioned way of do thing , with child and old people like normal building have . rose well , of course you do . I be go - to get you some nice hot coffee . Rose leave and Julian watch she out of the room . macon watch he watch , they sit down . julian where be porter ? charle we be not too sure . he go to a hardware store and we think he - get lose . julian good grief , when do this happen ? charle a little while before supper . julian Supper . oh , you mean today . ( continued ) 61 63 47 . continued : / 61 macon he 's just run a errand on Howard Street . not lose in any permanent sense . julian he get lose on Howard Street ? charle it 's a problem with this family . direction . julian really ? macon ( irritate ) Charles . charle what ? macon get up . : macon never mind . i'11 go help Rose . int . kitchen - night 62 Rose be set coffee mug on a silver tray . Edward make a racket behind the pantry door . rose Julian seem very nice . macon he 's only here because he hope we will do something eccentric . I just pray none of we say anything unconventional around hin . rose ( she pick up the tray ) what would we say ? we be the most conventional people I know . int . live room - night 63 macon and Rose return . Julian jump up and make to help Rose . ( continued ) 63 continued : look . 48 . . 63 '' julian what do you do for a live , Charles ? charle I make bottle cap . julian bottle cap ! be that a fact ! charle oh , well , it 's not half as exciting as it sound , really . julian and Rose ? do you work ? rose yes , I do . I work at home . I keep house for the boy . also I take care of a lot of the older neighbor . they need I to repair they plumbing and such . julian you repair they plumbing ? the telephone ring . the learys stiffen and exchange rose what do you think ? it could be porter . macon mm ... charle but he know we would not answer . rose yes , he would surely call a neighbor instead . charle on the other hand ... julian do you always give this much think to you phone call ? that do it . macon pick up the receiver . ( continued ) 49 . 63 continued : ( 2 ) . 63 macon leary . sarah ( on phone ) macon ? macon shoot a glance at the other and turn he back to then . . macon hello , Sarah . sarah ( on phone ) well , finally . I have be try to get in touch with you at home . macon be something wrong ? sarah ( on phone ) ( after moment ) I call because I think we should talk . I be hope we could meet for supper some night . macon oh. well . yes , we could do that . 64 int . old BAY restaurant - night 64 the hostess seat macon at a corner table . hostess ( indicate crutch ) I will take that for you , darlin’ . macon oh , they will be fine here . hostess I need to check they up front , sweetheart . it 's a rule . macon you have a rule about crutch ? hostess - they might trip the other customer , honeybunch . Sarah appear beside the table . macon half stand . '' she come around the table and press she cheek to he briefly , rather than kissing he . ( continued ) 64 65 50 . continued : . 64 sarah hello , macon . what happen to you leg ? macon hello , Sarah . I have a kind of ... fall . int . old BAY restaurant - night 65 later . they have they food . Sarah barely touch hers . she look macon . Sarah , it 's be awful live apart . at he . macon have not it ? sarah I ask you here for a reason , macon . we need to spell out the detail of we separation . macon I think you ought to come home . sarah it 's not possible . macon . listen . do not say no before you hear I out . have you ever consider we might have another baby ? Sarah be take aback . macon have shocked himself , too . macon why not ? we be not too old . sarah oh , macon . macon I realize we can not replace ethan , but -~ sarah no . her tone be definitive . ( continued ) 65 continued : sarah I be sorry . but it would never work . macon all right , forget that . it be erazy , right ? crazy notion . all I be say be ... I think we ought to start over . sarah I be start over . I be do everything I can to start over , but that do not mean I want to live the same life twice . ( lean toward he ) macon , we really do not have much leave , do not you see . look who you turn to when you break you leg : you family ! you be closer to they than you ever be to I . macon that 's not true . or rather , maybe it 's true in the sense we be blood relation . sarah yes , blood . play that ridiculous card game no one else can fathom . cruise hardware store like other people cruise boutique . macon as other people cruise boutique . macon immediately regret it . sarah pick apart people 's English . have to have they precious baked potato every night . the best house in the world might come on the market , but you can not buy it because you have order this address label for the old house , | one thousand five hundred gumme label , and you have to-use they up before you move . macon that be not I , it be Charles . _ sl . 65 . ( continued ) the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 52 . 65 continued : ( 2 ) . 65 sarah yes , but it could have be you . and he wife divorced he for it . I think when you mother abandon you all in that house with you grandparent -- % oe macon she do not " abandon " we . we choose to live with they rather than travel around with -- % eb sarah . exactly ! you choose you grandparent over you mother because they have everything under control in they world . nothing wild , nothing ... unpredictable like you mother . and look , macon , there you all be again , back live in that same old house , all together , with no one from the outside to ruffle the feather . we oe macon lay down he fork . macon Sarah , it 's what happen to ethan that ruin we . Sarah set a elbow on the table and cover she eye . macon but it do not have to . why , some people , a thing like this bring they closer together . how come we be ietting it tear we apart ? Sarah look up . her eye be deep with tear , but they have not spill over . sarah macon , ever since ethan die I have have to admit that people be basically bad . evil , macon . so evil they would take a twelve - year - . old boy and shoot he through the skull for no reason . I have give up watch the news on tv . there 's so much wickedness . tear be run down she face now . ( continued ) 65 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 53. continued : ( 3 ) : sarah there be time when I have not be sure I could -- macon , I have not be sure I could live in this kind of a world anymore . macon it 's true what you say about human being . I be not try to argue . but tell I this , Sarah . why would that cause you to leave I ? she crumple up she napkin and dab at she face . sarah because I know you would not try to argue . you have believe all along they be evil . macon well , so -- sarah this whole last year I feel myself withdraw from people . just like you do , macon -- just as you do , sorry . I feel I be turn into a leary . macon there be worse disaster than that , I guess . sarah I can not afford it . I live in this apartment you would hate , all clutter . I have make a whole bunch of new friend , and you would not like they much either , I guess . I be study sculpture again . I always do want to be a sculptor , only teach seem more sensible . that 's how you would think : sensible . you be so quick to be sensible , macon , that you have give up on just about everything . macon what have I give up on ? sarah everything that might touch you or upset you or disrupt you . ( continued ) 65 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 54 . 65 continued : ( 4 ) . 65 macon I be sit here with you , Sarah . you do not see I give up on you . she choose not to hear this . sarah when ethan die , you emptied he closet and he bureau as if you could not be rid of he soon enough . you keep offer people he junk in the basement , stilt and sleds and skateboard , and you could not understand why they do not accept they . macon , I know you love he but I can not help think you do not love he as much as I do , you be not so tear apart by he go . macon react to that with a infinitesimal flinch . Sarah see it , but drive on -- sarah I know you mourn he but there 's something so ... what - do-you-call , so ... muffle about the way you experience thing . it 's like you be try to slip through life unchange . macon Sarah , I be not muffle . I ... endure . I be try to endure , I be hold steady . sarah if you really think that , then you be fool yourself . you be encase . you be like something in a capsule . macon , I be sorry , but it 's not by chance you write that silly book tell people how to take trip without a jolt . so they can go to the most wonderful , exotic place and never be touch by they , never feel they have leave home ! that travel armchair be not just you logo -- it 's you . macon no , it 's not . it 's not . ( continued ) 65 66 67 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 55 . continued : ( 5 ) . 65 after a long moment of anguish , tarn by what she 's say , Sarah pull she coat on , make a sloppy job of it . one corner of she collar be tuck inside . sarah so anyway . this be what I want to tell you : I be have John albright send you a letter . macon who 's John albright ? sarah he 's a attorney . ( she look at * he a moment ) . I be sorry if this hurt , macon . I be sorry -- she change she mind about whatever she be go to say . she stand up and walk out . macon watch she go , then , very carefully , begin to eat . int . old BAY restaurant - night 66 later . the waitress carry a set of crutch to the wait macon . he get up on they and begin to make he way across the busy dining room . he have to walk nearly double , he chin sink low on he chest and he elbow jutting . his posture perfectly match he mood . but some of the other diner be stare ; some snicker . he pass two churchy old lady and one of they tug at he sleeve . old lady sir? Sir ? he come to a stop . old lady I suspect they may have give you my crutch . . he look down at the crutch . they be diminutive -- hardly more than child -size . he stand hang he head , wait for someone to help he . int . doctor' office - day 67 extreme close - up of the blade of a tiny , purring electric see as it cut through the cast on macon 's leg , throw off bit of plaster and gauze . ( continued ) 67 68 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 55a . continued : . 67 as macon watch the doctor work we begin to hear the slightly disturbing music which will play into the fol - . macon 's leg emerge dead - white and wrinkle . macon look at it as he would a stranger , and as we move in on he face , we hear , compete with the music , the sound of a howling wind , which grow stronger as we go to -- ext . world trade CENTER ( new york CITY ) - dusk 68 a taxi pull up to the curb and macon get out , treat he leg gingerly . it be here that the howling wind blow across the huge plaza . we have not see the building yet , but as macon limp across the space , he look up . and up and up . and for the first time we do too , in -- ( continued ) 68 68a 69 70 71 72 73 56 . continued : ° 68 macon' Pov of the impossible tower disappear into the night sky . as the howling wind peak , the music come forward and continue into -- int . elevator ( world trade CENTER ) - night 68a * macon ride up , with many other smartly - dress tourist , * in the huge , ornate elevator . macon work he jaw to equalize the pressure in he ear . int . dine room - skyline restaurant - night 69 * a hostess lead macon across the spacious , candlelit dark - ness that be the dining room . great black window en- circle the room from floor to ceiling , but macon be take to a table without a view . macon 's waiter hand he a menu . macon dry sherry , please . as soon as the waiter leave , macon fold he menu in two and sit on it . the waiter return with the sherry . macon could I have a menu , please ? waiter menu ? do not I give you one ? macon there could have be a oversight . int . by the window - skyline restaurant - night 70 * moment later , macon walk up to one of the window with the small sherry glass in he hand . he seem fine as he look down upon the city light , tiny , below . and then i i ° i i and the music grow and he squint out into the darkness . what macon sees . at first just the darkness , with the 71 light of New Jersey at the bottom of he field of vision . then , just barely emerge from the gloom , a image of -- Sarah , read a book in 'a chair . she look up at 72 macon . then fade , and be replace by -- Rose , Charles and porter play card . Rose put down 73 a card and look directly up at macon . 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 57 . in the restaurant , macon 's free hand flatten against 74 the window , as though to touch Rose . the glass of sherry shake in he other hand . macon peer even more intently into the darkness and see -- ethan , turn slightly away , laugh . now he turn 's 75 with a smile to look at macon , who -- int . by the window - skyline restaurant - night 76 drop the glass of sherry on the floor of the restaurant . there be a flurry of voice around he . macon turn quick - ly from the window , he expression anguish , and run lopsidedly and limping across the room . the music grow . int . corridor - skyline restaurant - night 77 in_the corridor to the elevator , macon stagger to a halt , panicked . he can not make the long trip to the ele - vator . he turn to he right , hurry past some phone and push into the Men 's room . int . restaurant men' room 78 macon stumble into a stall . and stand there , steadying himself against the wall . he press he finger against he temple fiercely . : int . phone area outside men' room 79 macon crack open the Men 's room door and look out . no one around . macon go to a phone , listen for a tone and begin punch number . macon ( strangle whisper ) please answer ... just this once , pick up the phone ... int . kitchen , rose's house - night 80 close on the old black wall phone ringing . there be : terrible barking , clawing and growling go on just below frame . the phone ring twice before a man 's hand '' desperately grab the receiver and pulis it off - camera . int . pantry , rose's house - night 81 Charles have snatch the phone from the kitchen wall and bring it inside here to the safety of the pantry . ( continued ) 81 82 58 . continued : 81 he clenches the knob of the door , which be be attack from outside by Edward . Charles be close to hysterical . charle yes ! leary here ! macon Charles ? charle macon ! we begin to intercut macon and Charles . int . phone area outside men' room - night 82 macon Charles , I be up on top of this building and a sort of ... silly thing have happen . listen : you have get to get I out of here . charle you out ! what be you talk about ? you have get to get I out ! macon pardon ? charle I be shut in the pantry . you dog have I cornere . macon oh . well , I be sorry , but ... Charles , it 's like some kind of illness or attack or something . I do not think I can manage the elevator and -- charle macon , do you hear that bark ? that 's Edward . Edward have I treed , I tell you , and you have to come home this instant . macon but I be in New York ! I be up on top of this building and I can not get down ! ( continued ) 82 continued : 59 . 82 charle every time I open the door he come roaring over and I slam the door and he attack it , he must have claw halfway through it by now . : macon make himself take a deep breath . macon Charles , could I speak to Rose ? charle she 's out . Julian come to take she to dinner and -- macon Julian ? charle be not that he name ? macon Julian my boss ? charle yes , and Edward go into one of he fit . so Rose say " Quick , shut he in the pantry . '' so I grab he leash and he turn on I and nearly take my hand off . so I shut myself in the pantry instead and Rose must have leave by then and porter 's out ... macon place he hand over he heart for a moment ; the beat seem wrong . charle if you do not get I out of this I be go to call for the police to come shoot he . macon no ! do not do that ! charle I can not just sit here wait for he to break through . ( continued ) 82 83 60 . continued : ( 2 ) . 82 macon he will not break through . you could open the door and walk right past he . believe I , Charles . please : I be up on top of this building and -- : charle maybe you do not know that I be prone to claustrophobia . ( pause ) macon , I be sorry , but you know that dog would have to be do away with sooner or later . macon do not do it ! a man go into the restroom glance in macon 's direction . macon ( lowering he voice ) he be ethan 's . " charle do that mean he 's allow to tear my throat out ? macon Charles ... let 's think this through . I be go to get you out of there . so do not do anything hasty . be you listen , Charles ? macon hang up and take he wallet from he pocket . he sift despairingly through the number in he wallet . then he see the name : muriel pritchett . the card be handwritten , even hand - cut , crookedly snipped from a larger piece of paper . he punch the number . muriel ( on phone ) hel -lo . macon muriel ? it 's macon leary . int . muriel be house - night 83 muriel have a magazine on she lap . she sit on a ratty sofa . ( continued ) 61 . 83 continued : . 83 muriel oh ! how be you do ? we begin to intercut macon and muriel . macon I be fine . or , rather ... see , the trouble be , Edward 's get my brother cornere in the pantry , overreact -- Charles I mean -- he always overreact . and here I be on top of this building in New York and I be have this kind of , um ... disturbance , you know ? I be look down at the city -- muriel Edward 's in you pantry -- ? macon Edward 's outside the pantry , bark . my brother say he 's go to call the police and tell they to come shoot Edward . muriel well , what a dumb fool idea . macon yes ! so I think if you could go over and get the key from the mailbox -- muriel I will go right away . macon oh , wonderful . muriel so good - bye for now , macon . macon wait ! but also -- see , I be up on top of this building . something have scared the hell out of I . muriel oh , Lord , I would be scared too after I go and see tower inferno . macon no , no , it 's nothing like that , fire or height -- ( continued ) 83 62. continued : ( 2 ) - 83 muriel do you see tower inferno ? Boy , after that you could not get I past jump level in any building . JI think people who go up in skyscraper be just plain brave . I mean if you think about it , macon , you have to be brave to be stand where you be right now . : this stop macon cold for several beat . macon oh , well , not so brave as all that . muriel no , I be serious . macon - you be make too much out of it . it 's nothing , really . muriel you just say that because you do not realize what you go through before you step into the elevator . see , underneath you say , " okay , I will trust it . " why , you ought to be walk around that building so amaze and proud of yourself ! macon give a small , dry laugh and grip the receiver more tightly . muriel now , here 's what I be go to do . I be go to go get Edward and take he to the meow - bow . then when you get back from you trip , we need to talk about he training . I mean , thing just can not go on this way , macon . macon no , they can not . you be right . they can not . muriel I mean this be ridiculous . macon you be absolutely right . ( continued ) 83 84 63 . continued : ( 3 ) 83 muriel see you , then . ' bye . macon wait -- muriel ! but she be go . macon hang up . he turn and see a teen couple come down the corridor from the elevator . the girl 's dress be clumsy and touch , she chin hide by a monstrous orchid . halfway down the corridor , the couple stop to gaze around at the wondrous surroundings , and at each other . boy hoo ! he grab both the girl 's hand and kiss they , then lead she past macon into the restaurant . macon watch for a moment -- soothed -- and then follow they inside . int . entrance hall / live room , rose's house - day 84 macon watch muriel as she stand over Edward , who lay squirming on the hall rug . muriel . I will be honest , my baby be not exactly plan for . if you want to know the truth , the baby be the reason we get marry . ( check macon 's reaction , then indicate the dog ) now I be go to turn my back , and you watch how he do . muriel wander into the live room . she lift a vase from a table and examine its underside . she sit on the couch and raise one foot in front of she , turn it admiringly this way and that . her stock bag at the ankle ; she pull it up . muriel pretty soon he will lie like that for three hour straight . macon Three hour ? be not that sort of cruel ? . muriel I think you promise not to talk like that . ~ ( continued ) 84 85 64 . continued : . 84 macon right . sorry . muriel come back into the entrance hall and directly up to macon in a way that make he back away involuntarily . he just miss step on Edward . muriel my son 's name be Alexander . do I tell you that ? something go wrong while I be carry he and they have to do a caesarean and take he out early and I can not ever have any more child . Alexander be so teeny he do not even look like a human , and he have to stay in a incubator forever , just about , and nearly die . norman -- that 's my ex-husband -- he say , " when 's it go to look like other baby ? " norman always call Alexander " it . " Edward whimper . he be just barely lie down -- he haunch brace , he claw digging into the carpet . muriel maybe you and Alexander should get together some time . macon oh , I , ah .... muriel he do not have enough man in he life . maybe the three of we could go to a movie . do you ever go to movie ? macon I really do not care for movie . they make everything seem so close up . int . kitchen - middle of night 85 macon come in in he bathrobe with Edward tagging along behind . he turn on the light above the stove and squint at the oven dial . ( continued ) 85 86 65 . continued : - 85 macon one hundred forty degree ... certain death , what be she think ? Charles walk in , wear large , floppy pajamas . he too peer at the oven dial . he sigh and open the oven door . both brother look inside . what they see : a huge turkey , cooking at very slow heat , look a little like macon 's leg when it come out of the cast . charle two quart of stuff . I hear she say so . two quart of teeming , swarm bacteria . macon ( serious ) be this the Thanksgiving we all die ? int . kitchen - morning 86 macon come in . Rose be cheerily serve Charles pancake . macon Rose , what exactly be it you be do to this turkey ? rose I tell you : slow heat . jam , Charles , or syrup ? see , I read a article about slow - cook beef and I think , well , if it work with beef it must work with turkey , too . but at the end I be go to raise the temperature . charle you would have to raise it mighty high . macon you would have to expose it to a nuclear flash . rose well , you be both just plain wrong . who 's the cook here anyhow ? 87 66 . int . dine room - night . 87 Thanksgiving dinner . the table be laden with attractive side dish . in addition to the leary brother , there be two guest -- Julian and mrs . barrett , one of they elderly neighbor . they look expectantly toward the kitchen door . Rose enter hold the turkey high on a platter as if in triumph . odd since the bird look bad , its breast cave in , its skin dry and dull . mrs . barrett ah ! julian I just wish my neighbor could see this . macon there may be a little problem here . Rose set the turkey down and glare at he . macon of course , the rest of the meal be excellent . why , we could fill up on the vegetable alone ! in fact I think I will do that . but the turkey ... charle it 's pure poison . julian come again ? macon we think it may have be cook at a slightly inadequate temperature . rose it be not ! it 's perfectly good . macon Mrs. Barrett , maybe you would rather just stick to the side dish . Mrs. Barrett now look more closely at the turkey . mrs. barrett why , perhaps I will . I do not have much of a appetite anyhow . '' ( continued ) 87 continued : Rose sit Julian be 67 . rose oh , macon , how could you do this ? my lovely turkey ! all that work ! julian I think it look delicious . porter yes , but you do not know about the other time . : julian other time ? down , tear glaze she eye . rose you do not fool I for a instant . I know why you be do this . you want to make I look bad in front of Julian . porter Julian ? distress . he take a handkerchief from he pocket but then just hold it . rose you want to drive he off ! you three waste you chance and now you want I to waste mine , but I will not do it . I can see what 's what ! Love be what it 's all about . and you want to make I miss it ! macon well , goodness . rose you just do not want I to stop cooking for you and take care of this house . you do not want Julian to fall in love with I . macon do what ? Rose scrape she chair back and run from the room . Julian sit there with he mouth open . macon look at hin . macon do not you dare laugh . ( continued ) 87 88 68. continued : ( 2 ) . 87 julian De you think I ought to go after she ? macon no. julian but she seem so -- macon she 's fine ! she 's perfectly fine . now , who want a baked potato ? there be a murmur around the table ; everyone look unhappy . mrs . barrett that poor , dear girl . I feel just awful . - macon Julian ? potato ? julian I will take the turkey . macon be stop for a moment . he look at Julian in a new way . and he like he . ext . sidewalk , rose's neighborhood - day 88 muriel and macon be walk with Edward , training he not to chase cyclist . muriel norman could not understand why I be all the time at the hospital visit Alexander . he be in for month . you should have see we medical bill . finally I take a job at the hospital . I get a kind of , like a may 's job , empty trash can , wet-mopping floor ... a biker appear at the end of the street , a girl with a baskin-Robbins uniform bunching below she jacket . Edward perk he ear up . ( continued ) 88 69 . continued : . 88 muriel now , act like we expect no trouble . just go along , go along , do not even look in Edward 's direction . the girl skim by they . Edward sniff the breeze but march on , macon Edward , that be wonderful ! muriel just cluck . - muriel they finally do let Alexander come home . cried like a kitten would cry . and norman would get this kind of stubborn look whenever I have to do something , go warm a bottle or something . I would be hang over the crib watch Alexander fight for air , and norman would call , " muriel ? commercial 's just about over ! " macon watch she .. muriel and then one day norman 's mother come over to help he pack he clothes and he leave I . she slow and then come to a stop . Edward , with a martyre sigh , sit down at she heel . muriel all that time Alexander be in the hospital seem so awful , but now when I look back , I almost miss it . I mean there be something cozy about it . I think about that nurse gossipe at the nurse ' station and that row of little baby sleep . it be winter and sometimes I would stand at a window and look out and I would feel happy to be warm and safe . I would look down at the emergency room entrance and watch the ambulance come in . you ever wonder what a martian might think if he happen to land near a emergency room ? ( more ) ( continued ) 88 89 70 . continued : ( 2 ) : 88 muriel ( cont 'd ) he would see a ambulance whizzing in and everybody run out to meet it , tear the door open , grab up the stretcher , scurrying along with it . " why , " he would say , '' what a helpful planet , what kind and helpful creature . " he would never guess we be not always that way , that we have to , oh , put aside we natural selve to do it . " what a helpful race of being , " a martian would say . do not you think so ? she look up at macon . macon experience a sudden twist in he chest . he bend and kiss she , surprising they both . her fist with the leash in it be catch between they like a stone . macon draw back . macon well ... she go on look at he . macon sorry . they turn and walk back toward Rose 's in silence . int . study , rose's house - night 89 Rose be knitting Julian a sweater . macon , a book in he lap , watch she needle flash . macon actually , have you ever notice that Julian wear crew neck ? rose . that do not mean he would not wear a V -neck if he have one . macon you know , he 's young . I do not know if you realize that . rose two year . macon but he 's get a young , I do not kmow , style of live . single apartment and so on . ( continued ) 89 90 91 71 . continued : . 89 rose he 's tired of all that . do not try to spoil this , macon . macon sweetheart , I only want to protect you . it 's wrong , you know , what you say at Thanksgiving . Love be not what it 's all about . there be all kind of other issue . rose he eat my turkey and do not get sick . two big helping . macon look pain . he have no answer to that . int . muriel be car - day 90 muriel be drive she long gray boat of a car . macon sit beside she . Edward be in back , he ear horizontal with joy as he stick he head out the window . muriel I get this car for only two hundred dollar . that 's because it need work . but I take it to dominick , this boy down the street from where I live . I say , '' dominick , here 's the deal . you fix my car up , I let you have the use of it three night a week and all day Sunday . " be not that a good idea ? macon very inventive . int . / ext . grocery store - sidewalk - day 91 macon approach the big window in front as though sneaking up on someone . he stop and look . macon' Pov . Edward be sit obediently out on the sidewalk . now macon 's gaze shift down the sidewalk two car length . muriel be lean against the fender of she car make face into a brown plastic compact . she barely glance in Edward 's direction . close on macon as he stare at muriel . 92 93 72 . ext . grocery store - sidewalk - day ~ 92 macon come out of the grocery store and go over to pat and cluck over Edward . muriel give he lot of praise ! muriel lead they next door to a drugstore and motion for Edward to " stay . " . muriel this time we will both go in . macon be it safe ? muriel we will have to try it sooner or later . int . drugstore - day 93 macon and muriel stroll back to the cosmetics counter . macon keep look toward the front . muriel stop to try on a lipstick . muriel too pink . what be you do for dinner tomorrow night ? * macon for dinner ? muriel come - and eat at my house . come on . we will have fun . macon un ... muriel just for dinner , you and I and Alexander . say six o'clock . number sixteen singleton Street . know where that be ? macon oh , well , I do not believe I be free then . muriel look at he a moment , smoothing lipstick with she lip . . ( continued ) 93 94 73 . continued : 93 muriel think it over a while . int . doctor' waiting room - day 94 the receptionist be a gray-haire woman . muriel sit read a magazine . macon raise one of the slat of the venetian blind to check on Edward sit on the sidewalk outside . macon . how old do you say Alexander be ? muriel he 's seven . have you think ? macon hmm ? muriel have you give any think to come to dinner ? macon oh . ' well , I could come . if it 's only for dinner . muriel what else would it be for ? she smile up at he and toss she hair back . receptionist here he be . alexander come out . he be a small , white , sickly boy with a shave - look skull . his eye be magnify behind large spectacle whose clear frame have a pinkish cast . he wear a carefully coordinate shirt - and -slack set such as only a mother would choose . muriel sweetie , this be macon . can you say hi ? _ macon hold out he hand . after a moment , Alexander shake it weakly . macon you be pretty young to be at the doctor 's without you mother . ( continued ) 94 95 96 74 . continued : 94 muriel he 's use to it because he 's have to go so often . he 's get this allergy . macon I see . muriel take care of the bill at the counter , with cash . muriel he 's allergic to shellfish , milk , egg , and most vegetable . also , dust , pollen and paint , and we think maybe he 's allergic to air . whenever he 's outside a long time he get this bump on any uncover part of he body . int . muriel be car - day . 95 Alexander ride next to muriel . macon sit in back with Edward . muriel Alexander be subject to asthma , exzema , and nosebleed . if a bee ever sting he and he have not have he shot he could be dead in half a hour . Alexander turn he head slowly and gaze at macon . int . dine room , rose's house - night 96 macon sit alone with a box of good stationery and pen in hand . he have reject several attempt . now he try again -- macon' v.0o . dear muriel -- he lift the pen . finally , he begin to write again . : macon be v.o . I be very sorry , but I will not be able to have dinner with you after all . again he lift the pen , anguish . after a long moment , he seem inspire and write -- ( continued ) 96 97 98 75 . continued : 96 macon be v.0 . ~ something have come up . his face fall -- that 's not as inspire as he think it be . still , he press on -- macon be v.o. regretfully , macon . he lay down the pen . ext . muriel neighborhood ( series of shot ) - night 97 macon be drive through the labyrinth of litter , crack , dark street in the south of the city . he turn onto singleton Street and find a block of row house . the brick of number 16 have be paint a rubbery maroon . a orange bugproof bulb glow dimly above the front stoop . int . / ext . muriel porch - doorway - night 98 macon get out of the car and climb the step . he open the screen door . it clatter in a cheap way and the hinge shriek . macon wince . he take the letter from he pocket and bend down . muriel 0o.s. ( from inside house ) I have get a double - barrel shotgun and I be aim it exactly where you head be . macon straighten sharply . her voice sound level and dangerous . macon it 's macon . muriel 0o.s. macon ? the latch click and the inner door open several inch . macon can see a sliver of muriel in a dark - color robe . muriel macon ! what be you do here ? macon look defeat . he give she the letter . she take it and open it , use both hand . ' no shotgun . she read it and look up at he . . ( continued ) 98 99 76 . continued : 98 macon last year , I lose ... I experience a... loss , yes , I lose my ... muriel look patiently into he face . macon I lose my son . he be just ... he go to a hamburger joint and then ... someone come , a holdup man , and shot he . I can not go to dinner with people ! I can not talk to they little boy ! you have to stop ask I . I do not mean to hurt you feeling but I be just not up to this , do you hear ? muriel 's head move , just barely , almost a nod . int . live room , muriel be house - night 99 muriel take one of he wrist very gently and draw he into the house . she put she arm around he and hug he . his head be next to hers , above she shoulder so that he be not look into she face , macon every day I tell myself it 's time to be get over this . I know that people expect it of I . but if anything , I be get worse . the first year be like a bad dream -- I be clear to he bedroom door in the morning before I remember he be not there to be waken . but this second year be real . I have stop go to he door . I have sometimes let a whole day pass by without think about he . I believe that Sarah think I could have prevent what happen , somehow -- she 's so use to my arrange she life . now I be far from everyone . I do not have any friend anymore and everyone look trivial and foolish and not related to I . macon seem deplete . it have take all he energy to say this . 100 101 77 . int . stairway / hall - night 100 after a moment of silence , muriel draw macon across the live room , up the stairway and across the hall into a bedroom . int . muriel bedroom - night 101 the small bedroom have a ) iron bedstead and a varnish orange bureau . macon no , wait . this be not what I want . muriel just sleep . lie down and sleep . we begin a series of shot which dissolve gently into each other with a wooziness that match macon 's exhaustion : muriel remove he duffel coat and hang it on a hook in a closet curtain with a length of flower sheet . she kneel and unty he shoe . he step out of they obediently . she unbutton he shirt as he stand with he hand at he side . she hang he trousers over a chair back . he drop onto the bed in he underwear and she cover he with a thin , withere quilt . close on macon as he lie in bed and hear : muriel move about the small house , shutting off light , run water , murmure something in the bedroom across the hall . when he hear she come back into the room and close the door , he be just able to look at she over the quilt : muriel stand in front of the bureau with its old mirror . she clink she earring into a dish . her robe be old , shattered silk , the color of sherry . she switch off the lamp . then she come over to the bed , lift the quilt and slide under it . macon I just want to sleep . he put he arm around she and feel the warmth of she body beneath the cool silk . macon will you take this off ? muriel ( shaking she head ) I be bashful . ( continued ) 101 102 103 78 . continued : 101 but immediately afterward , as if to deny that , she put she mouth on he mouth and wind herself around he . dissolve to : int . muriel bedroom - night 102 middle of the night . macon awake to the sound of Alexander briefly coughing in the other room . then it be quiet again . macon turn and find muriel . she sigh in she sleep and lift he hand and place it upon she stomach . the robe have fall open ; he feel smooth skin , and then a corrugate ridge of flesh jutting across she abdomen . the caesarean . macon 's face be peaceful . int . julian be office - day 103 macon , again seat in front of Julian 's desk , watch as Julian distractedly put aside a sheaf of fresh manuscript . julian good ... excellent . like to show you something , macon . he hand macon a tiny blue velvet box . julian you sister 's Christmas present . macon raise the lid . Inside be a diamond ring . macon what be it ? julian what be it ? it 's a engagement ring , macon . macon engagement ? julian I want to marry she . macon you want to marry Rose ? . ( continued ) 103 continued : 79 . 103 julian I be go to ask she at Christmas , when I give she the ring . I want to do this properly . 01ld - fashioned . do you think she will have I ? macon well , I really could not say . julian she 's get to . I be thirty - six year old , macon , but I tell you , I feel like a schoolboy about that woman . you may laugh at this , but I love the surprise of she . and I be surprised by myself when I be with she . I be not exactly the person I think I be ! macon look up sharply at Julian . some vividly responsive chord have be strike . julian I be afraid I be gush . want to know something ? I have never even sleep with she . macon well , I do not care to hear about that . julian I want we to have a real wedding night . I want to do everything right . God , macon , be not it amazing how two separate life can link up together ? I mean two differentness ? this think , so nakedly express , seem to jolt macon . he become even more disconcert . julian what do you think of the ring ? macon what ? julian the ring . ( continued ) 8a. 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 macon ( look down at ring ) it 's okay . ( a beat , look up ) it 's very nice , Julian . he close the box gently and hand it back . 104 ext . muriel be house - dusk ~ 104 macon get out of he car with a pizza box in hand . muriel 's block have a vigorous street life , lot of people hang out , listen to music , talk . macon , get a little familiar with the area now , nod at a couple of the regular : debbie and dorrie , the next - door neighbor 's twin daughter , who be perch on they front stoop -- flashy sixteen - year- old in jeans as tight as sauSage casing . twins hey there , macon . macon how be you , girl . . twins you go to see muriel ? macon I think I might . he climb muriel 's step and knock on the door . Debbie and dorrie continue to watch he . he flash they a broad smile . Alexander open the door . macon pizza man ! extra-large combination , no anchovy . alexander I be allergic to pizza . macon what part of it ? alexander huh ? " 105 int . live room , muriel house 105 macon come inside . ( continued ) 105 106 107 108 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 81. continued : 105 macon what part be you allergic to ? the pepperoni ? sausage ? mushroom ? we could take that off . alexander all of it . macon you can not be allergic to all of it . alexander well , I be . int . kitchen , muriel be house - night 106 macon come into the kitchen . muriel stand with she back to he talk on the phone with she mother . muriel ( into phone ) you do not even ask what happen with he eye doctor , and here I be so worried about it . I swear sometimes you would think Alexander be not you grandson ! macon present himself in front of she , hold out the pizza , with a good bit more snap and exuberance than we have see in he before . macon ta-da ! muriel ma. I be go now ! macon 's here ! maybe this explain macon 's new dash : no one could want amore enthusiastic welcome . int . muriel house ( macon - settle -in montage ) - day / night in a series of shot : macon set up he typewriter and work material on the 107 kitchen table . he be alone here . macon eat breakfast with muriel and Alexander . muriel 108 turn from the toaster to quickly drop Alexander 's meal on he plate -- two hot frost pop -tart . ee 109 110 111 112 113 114 the accidental tourist - Rev. 3/14/87 - 82. macon wait on the staircase to the second floor as 109 muriel check a sleep Alexander in he bed . she come to the door and motion for macon to come take a look ... . he stand with she a moment took at she Son , then they - move off toward she room . woot : macon vacuume the live room rug . he turn off the 110 vacuum and as the roar die he hear singing from the : kitchen . he move to where he can see the kitchen sink . muriel , wear enormous rubber glove , be belting out a country tune as she wash the dish . macon watch , smile . . . ere he macon serve breakfast to mariel and Alexander . the 111 carefully arrange plate contain egg , bacon , toast and slice orange . Alexander 's be wide - eye . at the front door , macon , Alexander , and muriel -- ° 112 look skeptical -- stare at something outside . macon hold open the screen door and Edward come run into the house . Alexander drop down ecstatically to pet the dog . for alexander . ( to muriel ) : I can take it ! it 's cat T 's ' 2 allergic to , not dog ... lf in the live room , at night , ' Alexander watch tv and 113 ° Edward snooze on the couch beside he . Alexander hug . he and bury he face in Edward 's ruff . be int . kitchen , muriel be house - night macon be crouch beneath the sink , turn off a ' valve . he be try to teach Alexander how to fix a faucet . Alexander sit C -shape in he chair , chin on one hand , eye expressionless . muriel watch uncertainly . macon . now , you see I shut the valve off . what do I do that for ? -. macon stand and start unscrew the faucet . I be not so sure about this . '' he 's. a tee not very strong . - : macon '' why do I shut off the valve , Alexander ? . alexander ~ why. / , : * ( continued ) 114 the accidental tourist - Rev. 3/14/87 . - b2a . continued : ( Al ) oo 114 macon . 2 m you tell I . eo alexander l= you tell I . . -- + . '' ( continued ) 114 83. continued : . 114 macon no , you . alexander so the water will not whoosh all over . macon right . now , first you unscrew the top screw . let 's see you do it . alexander I ? macon nod and offer he the screwdriver . alexander I do not want to . muriel let he just watch . macon if he just watch he will not know how to fix the one in the bathtub , and I be go to ask he to manage that without I . Alexander take the screwdriver . he concentrate , he glass slip down on he nose . he be bite he tongue now and panting slightly . he get a screw turn . macon wonderful . muriel 's silence be strain and anxious . the screw have loosen enough so that Alexander can twist it by hand . he even remove the faucet without be tell . macon ah ! I believe you may have natural talent . muriel relax . macon look at this . see that gunk ? that 's old , rotted pack . so take it away . right . now , here 's the new pack ... ( continued ) 114 114a the accidental tourist - Rev. 3/14/87 ° 84 . continued : ( 2 ) . . : 114 as Alexander start to pick at the faucet pack with he finger , macon 's voice , still instruct , begin to fade and we dissolve to : : . later . Alexander be tightening the screw on the newly pack faucet . . : alexander . ( one last turn ) '' now what ?- - macon - be the screw tight ? : . - alexander ( check , nod ) now what . lek macon '' , now we turn the water back on and see what kind of job you have do . macon crouch beneath the sink and show he where the valve be . Alexander reach past he and . twist it , grunting . then he rise and sturn on the faucet .. macon '' look at that ! you have solve the '' problen . | wear Alexander fight to hold a seria back : we of os macon now when you be grow , you can fix the faucet for you wife . " step back , dearie , " you can say . " just let I see to this . " tssh ! macon oe . '' let a real man take care of this , '' alexander _ - tssh ! tssh ! '' CUT to : . int . movie theatre be the LA macon , muriel , and Alexander be see a movie . they : be sit up close . macon be in the middle . muriel - reach across he to take popcorn from Alexander 's bucket . as she come back across , macon fold she more tightly under he arm and they kiss . - rrr 115 the accidental tourist - Rev. 3/14/87 84a . ext . macon '’s house - doorstep - day '' .. - - 115 porter and macon stamp they snowy shoe on the doorstep . and then come inside . . ~ 85 . 116 int . live room , macon' house - day 116 the live room be fill with a cool , steady , dripping sound . behind they , through the front door , we see the aftermath of a snowstorm . porter oh , my God . all over the room it be raining . a pipe have break up - stair . chunks of plaster have fall on the furniture , turn it white and splotchy . the rug , when macon step on it , squelch beneath he foot . . porter oh , this be terrible , just terrible . terrible . terrible . macon ( go up the stair ) just let I find my boot and we can leave . porter leave ? porter go into the live room and begin wring out cushion . macon come back downstairs with he boot in hand . macon never mind that . they will just get wet again . porter . - will you insurance cover this ? macon I suppose so . porter I must say you be remarkably calm . macon nobody life here anyhow . come along , porter . 117 int . porter be car - day 117 they drive through desert , snowbound street . porter I think it 's time we have a talk . ( continued ) 117 continued : the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 86 . macon about what ? porter I would like to know what you think you be up to with this muriel person . macon be that what you call she ? " this muriel person " ? porter she remind I of -- I be not sure why -- she remind I of alicia . macon look sharply at porter . macon what ? porter when I see muriel it make I think of we mother . I do not know what it be . the messiness of it all ... macon ( angry ) you do not even know muriel. ( point ) you should have turn there , porter . make a right up here . porter you be not yourself this day , and this muriel person 's just a symptom . everybody say so . macon who be '' everybody , " anyway ? porter we be just worried for you , macon . macon could we switch to some other topic . porter I have to tell you what I think . macon well , fine . you have tell I . ( continued ) 117 hb * * oe the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 87 . 117 continued : ( 2 ) - 117 they drive in silence for a few moment . porter can you tell I one unique thing about she ? I mean one really special quality , macon , not something sloppy like " she appreciate I " . macon ( look out at the snow ) she look out hospital window and imagine how the martian would see we . porter what ? macon ( turn to porter ) I be not such a bargain myself , in case you have not notice . somebody ought to warn she away from I , when you get right down to it . porter that 's not true . that 's not true at all . as a matter of fact , I imagine she people be congratulate she on she catch . macon her catch ! . porter someone to support she . she would be lucky to find anyone . she life in that slummy house , she 's get that little boy who appear to have hookworm or something -- macon porter , just shut the hell up . 118 int . / ext . porter be car - middle of STREET - day 118 porter take a wrong turn , realize it and stop the car in the middle of the street . he look around the street , confuse . ( continued ) 118 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 87a . continued : ( Al ) . 118 porter let 's see now , where do I ... macon watch he , silent . porter be I head in the right direction ? or not . somehow 1 do not seem to ... ( continued ) 88 . 118 continued : 118 macon lot of luck . macon open the door and hop out . porter macon ? macon wave and duck down a alley . 119 ext . muriel be house - day 119 no snow now . macon park in front of muriel 's house and take he overnight bag from he car . dominick saddler , a handsome , muscular , nineteen - year - old greaser , be work - ing under the hood of muriel 's car . on either side of he stand the twin , dorrie and Debbie , talk away a mile a minute . twins so she say to we we be ground . we march upstairs and slam we bedroom door , like , just a little slam to let she know what we think of she -- and up she come with a screwdriver and take we door off its hinge ! macon peer down into the engine . macon hi , girl . car act up again , dominick ? twins hey there , macon . dominick wipe he forehead with the back of he hand . dominick damn thing keep stalling out . macon how would muriel get to work ? dominick have to take the bus . 120 ext . sidewalk , muriel neighborhood - day 120 macon , dress as he be on he arrival home , be walk Edward , who now stop at a tree . ( continued ) 120 89 . continued : : 120 they move on , round a corner . macon look up ahead with interest . what he sees . Alexander be run along the sidewalk up ahead in pursuit of a small covey of child who , like he , be on they way home from school . Alexander be move as fast as he clumsy backpack will allow . alexander ( call to the other ) hey , wait for I ! the Children turn and call back at he , in a high , mock chant -- child nyah - nyah - nyah - nyah - nyah -! despite this , Alexander pick up he pace , stumbling over he shoe . at this moment , three more older child come onto the sidewalk between macon and Alexander . they be - gin jeering at Alexander , too . he wheel and look at they forlornly . he look very small . macon drop Edward 's leash . the dog 's ear have perk at the sound of Alexander 's voice . macon ( to Edward ) go! Edward take off toward Alexander . the three older chil - dren scatter as he fly through they , barking . he draw up short in front of Alexander . Alexander kneel to hug he neck . macon walk up as the other Children disappear . macon be you all right ? Alexander nod and get to he foot . macon what be that all about ? alexander nothing . as they start walk again , we be close on macon 's hand as Alexander slip he own little hand into macon' . ( continued ) 120 121 continued : 90 . ( 2 ) , . 120 macon' v.o. ( guidebook tone ) even the most discipline professional traveler may sometimes stumble across that unexpected item he feel he simply must take home . that 's fine as long as one be willing to accept the inconvenience and awkwardness that come with each additional piece of baggage . int . western wear store - day 121 macon steer Alexander around the boy ' department in the old st ore , which have wooden floorboard and be jamme with merchandise . Alexander hold a armload of jeans . they have couple for Alexander , who nod as macon pile they on he stack . Alexander alexander what I would really like be t-shirt . macon t-shirt . ah. - alexander the kind with a sort of stretch - out neck . : come to a table of t-shirt . macon pick out a + alexander * I do not want to look now . macon tell you what . everything we buy , we will wash about twenty time before you wear it . alexander but nothing prewash . macon no , no . alexander only nerd wear prewash . macon right . start off to try everything on . ( continued ) 121 91 . continued : . 121 macon shall I come with you ? alexander I can do it myself . macon all right . Alexander disappear into one of the change stall . in the space below the door , macon watch Alexander 's foot . LAURA canfield 0.s. macon ? he turn and find LAURA canfield , a thirtyish mother . macon yes . LAURA canfield Laura canfield . Scott 's mother , remember ? macon of course . macon now see scott , who have be in ethan 's class at school -- a unexpectedly tall , gawky boy lurking at he mother 's elbow with a armload of - athletic sock . macon why , Scott . Nice to see you . scott ( uncomfortable ) hi ... yeah , I too . LAURA canfield it 's nice to see you . be you do you spring shopping ? macon oh , well , ah -- he look toward the stall . Alexander 's new jeans be puddle around he ankle . macon I be help the son of a friend . LAURA canfield we have just be buy out the sock department . ( more ) ( continued ) 121 122 123 92 . continued : ( 2 ) . 121 LAURA canfield ( cont 'd ) seem every other week I find Scott 's run through he sock again . you know how they be at this age -- she stop herself . she look horrify . LAURA canfield or rather ... macon . yes , certainly ! amazing , be not it ? Alexander step forth . he wear a oversize T-shirt and baggy jeans . his hair have grow a bit lately , and he just look a lot better than when see at the doctor 's office . alexander I look great ! int . . macon be car - day 122 macon , muriel and Alexander be on they way to Rose and Julian 's wedding . muriel seem to be the most anxious . muriel ( to Alexander ) it 's macon 's sister Rose that 's get marry . you understand that ? Alexander nod . he be wear a new pair of jeans and some shiny cowboy boot . macon glance over at muriel : she look pretty . they ride in silence for several long moment . finally , muriel turn to face Alexander in the back seat . muriel now do not be nervous , honey . he look at she ; it have not occur to he . int . / ext . porch / front door , rose's house - day 123 macon , muriel and Alexander have just reach the front door when it be open by a extravagant lady in she sixty with tomato red hair -- macon 's mother , alicia . - it take macon a second to place she . she wear a white caftan trim with vibrant band of satin , and when she reach up to hug he a whole culvert of metal bangle clatter and slide down she leave arm . ( continued ) 123 124 93 . continued : . 123 alicia macon dear ! and who may this be ? macon oh , um , I would like you to meet muriel pritchett . and Alexander , she son . alicia really ? macon this be my ...um ... mother ... alicia -- um -- alicia -- bondero . macon ( do not sound familiar ) +.. bondero . alicia come now , macon . I do not change husband that often . muriel please to meet you . int . rose's house - day 124 alicia lead they toward the back of the house , link she arm through muriel 's . alicia muriel , have you know macon long ? muriel oh , kind of . alicia he 's very stuffy . all my child be . they get it from the leary side . they grandparent raise they , practically , and turn they all into little learys . muriel I think he 's nice . ( continued ) 124 125 94 . continued : 124 alicia oh , nice , yes . all very well and good . muriel slip free of alicia 's arm and turn back . muriel Alexander ? come ? ext . backyard , rose's house - day 125 the backyard be full of pastel -- Rose 's elderly neighbor lady in pale dress , daffodil set everywhere in bucket . Julian , in black , come up and put a gold ring in macon 's palm . julian I guess you will know what to do with this . alicia I can not believe I be finally get a son-in - law . all I have ever have be daughter - in-law . macon - ( automatically ) daughter . alicia no , daughter - in-law . macon daughter - in-law , mother . alicia and do not manage to keep they long , either . Julian give the two of they a bemuse look and move off . macon turn and be startle by the sudden nearness of Sarah . it take he a while into the conversation to recover -- she just look so beautiful to he . in fact , he do not really recover . sarah it turn out to be a beautiful day . ( continued ) 125 95 . continued : 125 macon yes ! yes ... I worried when it rain last night . sarah how have you be , macon ? macon I have be all right . sarah be you pleased about the wedding ? . macon well ... I be if Rose be , I guess . though I can not help feel ... well , Julian . you know . sarah yes , I know . but there 's more to he than you think . he might be a very good choice . macon how have you be ? sarah I have be fine . macon well. good. sarah I know that you be live with someone . macon ah ! yes , actually I ...yes . I be . Sarah look past he at muriel and Alexander across the lawn talk to Julian . sarah Rose tell I when she invite I . macon how about you ? sarah I ? ( continued ) 125 126 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 96 . continued : ( 2 ) 125 macon be you live with anyone ? sarah not really . Rose , in a white dress , come over and touch they arm . rose we be ready now . Sarah 's my matron of honor , do I happen to mention that ? macon no , you do not . Sarah look intently at macon then follow Rose to a spot beneath a tulip tree , where Julian and the minister be wait . macon watch Sarah walk , then turn and see muriel and Alexander approach . muriel have be watch he . macon smile at Alexander and begin to move with the assemble crowd toward the tree , and the camera be moving too . everything seem to be move just a little slower than normal . as the crowd stop , form a circle around the wedding couple , and muriel and Alexander stop , macon and the . he do not look back as he move to stand beside the minister . instead , macon look only at Sarah , stand across from he , next to Rose . and Sarah look back gravely into he face . int . muriel bedroom - night 126 macon and muriel be lie in bed . muriel I never tell you this , but a while before I meet you I be dating somebody else . macon who be that ? ( continued ) 97 . 126 continued : - 126 muriel he be a customer at the rapid - eze copy Center where I work . he bring I he divorce papers to copy and we start have this conversation and end up go out together . his divorce be awful . he say he do not think he could ever trust a woman again . he do not : like go to sleep when a@ woman be in the same room . but bit by bit I change all that . he relaxed . we start talk about get marry . then he meet a airline stewardess and elope with she within the week . macon I see . muriel it be like I have , you know , cure he , just so he could elope with another woman . there be a moment of silence . macon shift , put he arm around muriel . muriel you would not do anything like that , would you , macon ? macon who I ? muriel would you elope with someone else ? would you see someone else behind my back ? macon ~ of course not . muriel would you leave I and go home to you wife ? macon what be you talk about ? muriel would you ? she cock she head and consider he . her eye be alert and bright and know , like the eye of some small animal . 127 128 98 . int . live room , muriel be house - night 127 dominick saddler be sit on the couch with Alexander . the muscular teen dwarf the little boy , who listen in fascination . dominick now this here be you paste wax . ( hold up a can ) you never want to polish a car with anything but paste wax . and here we have a diaper . macon come downstairs and collect he jacket from a closet . he and muriel be go out and dominick be babysit . macon listen too . dominick diaper make real good rag because they do not shed hardly no lint . I generally buy a dozen at a time from sear and roebuck . and chamois skin -- well , you know chamois skin . muriel come downstairs in a flurry , collect she purse and jacket and key . she glance at the pair on the sofa , but what finally capture she attention be the look on macon 's face as he watch the other two finish the story -- dominick so what you do be , you get yourself this here supplies and a case of good beer and a girl , and you head on out to Loch raven . then you park in the sun and you take off you shirt and you and the girl start to polish . ai not no sweeter way that I know of to use up a spring afternoon . macon , smile , turn to find muriel watch he , with a intensity that make he flinch . int . live room , muriel be house - day 128 muriel be read people magazine . macon come down - stair and sit opposite she . macon I do not think Alexander 's get a proper education . ( continued ) 128 99 . continued : ~ 128 muriel ( continue to turn page ) oh , he 's okay . macon I ask he to figure what change they would give back when we buy the milk today , and he do not have the faintest idea . he do not even know he would have to subtract . muriel well , he 's only in second grade . macon I think he ought to switch to a private school . muriel private school cost money . muriel look at he . macon so ? I will pay . muriel what be you say ? macon pardon ? muriel what be you say , macon ? be you say you be commit ? macon that 's not really the point ... muriel Alexander 's get ten more year of school ahead of he . be you say you will be around for all ten year ? I can not just put he in a school and take he out again with every pass whim of yours . macon be silent . ( continued ) 100 . 128 continued : ( 2 ) ° 128 muriel just tell I this much . do you picture we get marry sometime ? I mean when you divorce come through ? macon muriel ... marriage be ... I do not know ... . muriel you do not , do you ? you do not know what you want . one minute you like I and the next you do not . one minute you be ashamed to be see with I and the next you think I be the best thing that ever happen to you . he stare at she . he have not guess that she read he so clearly . muriel you think you can just drift along like this , day by day , no plan . maybe tomorrow you will be here , maybe you will not . maybe you will just go on back to Sarah . he look up at she sharply . muriel oh yes ! I see you at Rose 's wedding . do not think I do not see how you and Sarah look at each other . macon all I be say be -- muriel ( even more intense ) all I be say be take care what you promise my son . do not go make he promise you do not intend to keep . macon but I just want he to learn to subtract ! 129 int . muriel kitchen - night 129 later the same day . ( continued ) ci 129 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 101. continued : 129 macon , muriel and Alexander be finish a silent dinner . Alexander , miserable , can not get away fast enough ; he wolf down the last of he blt and hurry away . muriel get up and sullenly begin fill the sink with soapy water . macon regards she back for a while , then move toward she . macon shall I dry ? muriel turn toward he . muriel just tell I this , macon , and be honest -- why can not we get marry in the fall ? macon what ? muriel you will be separate a year then , macon . macon muriel , please , I be not ready for this ! I do not think I ever will be . she react to this last . he see it and try to cover . macon I do not think marriage ought to be as common as it be . I really believe it ought to be the exception to the rule . oh , perfect couple could marry , maybe ... but who 's a perfect couple ? muriel you and Sarah , I suppose . macon ( weakly ) no , no ... muriel ( suddenly shouting ) you be so selfish ! you be so self - center ! you have get all this fancy reason for never do a single thing I want ! ( continued ) 129 130 131 102 . continued : ( 2 ) . 129 without warning , muriel fling a wet sponge in he face . muriel just get out ! int . live room - night 130 macon come into the live room where Alexander , have hear everything , be watch tv with Edward . Alexander move over on the couch to give he space . Alexander tense at each clatter in the kitchen . after a while the clatter die down . macon and Alexander look at each other . int . muriel bedroom - night 131 macon lie awake in bed next to muriel , who now wake from fitful sleep . half -asleep , she look at macon . she snuggle next to he and he enfold she . muriel I have to be able to tell you what I want , macon . TI have to . macon you can . muriel -- but without be afraid you will go away . I can not be afraid all the time . macon it 's all right . I be not go away . muriel you be . you be all pack . macon I be go to Canada tomorrow , remember ? it 's just my work . muriel ( drift ) do not leave I , macon . macon . ( soothing ) go to sleep , muriel . sleep . the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 103. 132 int . HOTEL room , macon be sit read the book room . macon be winnipeg - night ~ 132 in a hotel room in winnipeg , manitoba of local attraction find in all hotel actually make note . the phone ring . macon yes ? sarah ( on phone ) macon . macon Sarah ? sarah ( on phone ) have I catch you at a bad time ? macon no ... be anything wrong ? 133 int . sarah' apartment - day 133 Sarah sit on she bed hugging she knee and the telephone . we begin to intercut she and macon . sarah no . it 's just ... it 's ... well , my lease run out at the end of the month and I can not find a new apartment . yes . macon sarah yes , well I be wonder ... would it be all right with you if I move back into we house . just as a place to stay . just for a little while . macon but the house be a mess . something happen to it over the winter , pipe burst or something -- I know . I go would and sarah you brother tell I . over there when they t answer they phone . and Rose say she would be over to the house herself and -- ( continued ) 133 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 104 . continued : macon Rose ? sarah yes , Rose be back at you brother 's . macon really ? sarah she 's live there for a while . macon she 's what ? sarah she do not think porter and Charles be eat right . macon so be Julian live alone now , or what ? sarah yes , but she bring he casserole . what do you think , macon ? macon about what ? sarah about my use the house . macon look at the frame photo of ethan which be set up on the table next to he . macon ( after long moment ) oh ...yes , fine . of course . sarah incidentally , the papers . come through from the lawyer . for the divorce . macon ah. sarah it be kind of a shock . ( more ) ( continued ) 133 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 105 . 133 continued : ( 2 ) . 133 sarah ( cont 'd ) when I see they in black and white +». they do not take into account the feeling of the thing . I guess I be not expect that . macon have a sense of some danger approach , something he can not quite handle . his tone change . his voice sound unreal even to he -- macon ah ! yes ! certainly ! that seem a natural reaction . so anyway , good luck with the house , Sarah . Goodbye . he drop the phone , like it 's hot . 134 int . HOTEL room , edmonton - day 134 macon be stand in a edmonton hotel room on a weekday afternoon , phone to he ear . " sarah ( on phone ) I go over there this morning . be you eat popcorn in the bedroom ? macon I guess I must have be . macon look out the window . we begin to intercut : * 1344 int . live room , sarah' apartment - day 134a * Sarah have be sculpting and there be smudge of the ' white clay on she forehead , hand and shirt . sarah so , how 's the weather there ? : macon kind of gray . sarah here it 's sunny . sunny and humid . macon here , the air 's so dry that rain disappear before it hit the ground . ( continued ) 1344 135 135 a the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 106 . continued : . sarah really ? then how can you tell it 's raining ? macon you can see it above the plain . it look like stripe that just fade away about halfway down from the sky . sarah I wish I be there to watch it with you . macon swallow . he close he eye . int . HOTEL room , vancouver - day macon be on a phone in the bathroom . half he face be cover with shave cream , half have be shave . sarah well , I have move back into the house . mostly I just stay upstairs . you would not believe how lonely it be . macon would believe it . he touch a dollop of shave eream on he chin . we begin to intercut : int . bedroom , macon' house - day we be close on Sarah as she listen to the silence from the receiver . . . sarah macon ? do you ... what 's she name ? the person you live with ? macon muriel . sarah do you plan on stay with muriel forever ? macon I really could not say . 1344 * 135 * * 135a * * * 136 137 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 106a . int./ ext . macon be car , muriel be block - night 136 close on macon as he ease he car to a stop at the curb . he leave the car run but turn off the light . he stare off across the desert street , in some pain . what macon sees . he be look at muriel 's house and the surround block . a door open on the porch beyond muriel 's and Debbie , one of the twin , quietly sneak out of she house and hurry away in the shadow . macon 's attention return to muriel 's house . the live room window be light . after another long moment , macon put the car in gear , turn on the light and pull away . int . / ext . macon be car , baltimore street - night 137 macon move through the night toward he old , familiar neighborhood , as though draw by some force outside the car . : 138 139 107 . ext . macon be house - night . 138 macon pull up in front of he own house . he turn off the engine and sit look at the house . only the bed - room light upstairs be softly glow . evidently , macon have come home from he journey . : fade to black . fade in : ext . rose's house , front yard - day 139 a bright morning . Sarah watch Rose prune a hedge . nearby , macon kneel next to a large sack of fertilizer copying the name and information into a little note pad . he listen closely to the conversation . sarah Rose , why have not you move back with Julian ? what 's keep you ? rose oh , Sarah , you would not believe what a state I find the boy in when I come back here . they be live in they pajamas so as not to have too much laundry . they be eat gorp for they supper . sarah I be not even go to ask what gorp be . rose it 's a mixture of wheat germ and nut and dry -- sarah but what about you apartment , Rose ? what about Julian ? macon stop write in he pad . rose oh , you know , I keep lose that apartment every time I turn around , I would head one block east to the grocery store and then turn west to get back again and I would always be wrong , always . the apartment building would have work over to the north somehow , I do not know how . Sarah look intently into Rose 's face . Rose avert she eye and continue to prune . 140 141 142 108 . int . old BAY restaurant - day . 140 macon and Sarah be have lunch at the Old Bay restau - rant . the place look friendlier this time than last . they table be near the window . sarah you know what I miss most when we be separate ? the little thing . the Saturday errand . even thing that use to bother I , like the way you would take forever in the hardware store . he fold she hand into a fist and cover it with he own . sarah macon , I think that after a certain age people just do not have a choice . you be who I be with . it 's too late for I to change . I have use up too much of my life now . macon 's glance flick away and we CUT to : int . bedroom , muriel house ( flashback ) - day 141 muriel watch as he pack . muriel macon ? be you really do this ? do you mean to tell I you can just use a person up and then move on ? you think I be some kind of ... bottle of something you do not have any further need for ? be that how you see I , macon ? macon look at she , but nothing he can say be go to make it better . his glance flick away and we CUT back to : int . old BAY restaurant ( back to present ) - day 142 macon ( very gently ) after a certain age , it seem to I you can only choose what to lose . sarah what ? ( continued ) 142 143 144 ~ 109 . continued : : 142 macon I mean there 's go to be something you have to give up , whichever way you cut it . Sarah peer at he closely . she open she fist in he hand and grasp he . int . office , macon' house - day - 143 extreme close - up of typewriter key pound out the first sentence of a new paragraph in macon 's manuscript . it read : '' do not be lull into a false sense of security by " the key stop suddenly . macon sit at he desk . he have forget what he be go to write . he watch a bee work at the blossom outside he window . he pick up the telephone and dial . macon muriel ? muriel ( on phone ) ( flatly ) what . macon this be macon . muriel ( on phone ) yes , I know . macon ( pause ) um , it 's bee season , muriel . int . kitchen , muriel be house - day , 144 muriel be alone here . she 's be make chocolate pudding from a box . she look bad -- haggard and distraught . we begin to intercut muriel and macon . muriel so ? macon I know how summer creep up , and I be wonder if you would think about Alexander 's shot . ( continued ) ; 110 . 144 continued : . 144 muriel do not you believe I can manage that much for myself ? macon oh. well . muriel do not you think I know the simple dumbest thing ? macon well , I be not sure , you see , if you would -- - muriel a fine one you be . Ditch that child without a word of farewell and then call I up on the telephone to see if I be raise he right ! macon I just want to -- muriel criticize ! that 's what you want to do ! tell I ' oodle of noodle 's be not a balanced meal and then go off and desert he and then have the nerve to call I up and tell I I be not a good mother ! macon no , wait , muriel -- muriel dominick be dead . macon what ? muriel ~ not that you would care . he die . macon - dominick saddler ? : muriel it be he night to take my car and he go to a party in cockeysville and come home he crash into a guardrail . ( continued ) 144 145 146 111 . continued : ( 2 ) - 144 macon oh , no . muriel the girl he have with he do not get so much as a scratch . macon but dominick ... macon do not believe it yet . muriel dominick die instantly . macon oh , my God . * macon 's eye close and as they do we CUT to : int . muriel live room ( flashback ) - night 145 dominick sit on the couch with Alexander , hold aloft a can of paste wax and tell he he story . but what we hear be : muriel be v.0o . want to hear something awful ? my car will be just fine . straighten the front end and it will run good as ever . int . office - macon be house - day : 146 back to present : macon rest he head in he hand and watch the bee flitting about . muriel I have to go now and sit with Mrs. saddler in the funeral home . macon be there something I can do ? muriel ( spitefully ) no. macon I could stay with Alexander , maybe . ( continued ) 112 . 146 continued : . 146 muriel Alexander 's get people of he own to stay with he . at macon 's , the doorbell ring , and Edward start barking . muriel sound like you have company . macon never mind that . muriel I will let you get back to you life . macon it do not matter ... muriel hang up . macon slowly lower the receiver . as it click down , we CUT to : 147 int . police station / hallway ( flashback ) - night 147 macon and Sarah sit on mold plastic chair in a fluorescent - light hallway . two plainclothes Police officer stand talk down to they . macon stand to go with they . .( Edward 's barking from the present time scene continue throughout . ) Sarah touch macon 's arm before he move away -- sarah can you do this ? macon yes. 148 int . morgue - night 148 macon follow the Police officer down a series of hall and into the morgue . they lead he to a small body bag on a gurney and open it . . + macon yes . that be my son . Edward 's barking get louder and more excited and we CUT back to : 149 int . office , macon' house ( back to present ) - day 149 macon suddenly hear Edward 's barking . he get up and leave the room . 150 151 113 . int . front door , macon be house - day 150 macon open the front door . Julian be stand outside with a file folder in hand . macon open the door and let he in . julian think I would bring you the material for Paris . macon nod . int . live room - day . 151 Julian sit down on the couch which be so new it be still cover in cellophane . he put the folder aside . each shift of he body make the cellophane crackle . macon ( indicate sofabe ) just arrive this morning . Julian nod but do not seem to have hear . julian do you think Rose be not come back ? macon ( carefully ) she 's worried about the boy . they be eat glop or something . julian that be not boy , macon . they be man in they forty . I be afraid she 's leave I . macon oh , now , you can not be sure of that . julian and not even for any reason ! we marriage be work out fine . but she 's wear herself a groove or something in that house of hers , and she can not help swerving back into it . . ( he look at macon ) at least , I can not think of any other explanation . macon : well , it sound about right . . ( continued ) 114 . 151 continued : 151 they sit silently for a few moment . macon why do not you give she a job , Julian ? julian job ? macon : why do not you show she that office of yours . that filing system you never get sort , the secretary | chew she gum and forget whose appointment be when . do not you think Rose could take all that in hand ? julian well , sure , but -- macon call she up and tell she you business be go to piece . ask if she could just come in and get thing organize , get thing under control . put it that way . use that word . get thing under control , tell she . then sit back and wait . ( pause ) but of course , what do I know ? Julian look at he intently , he mind racing . julian no , you be right . macon now let 's see you folder . julian ( hand it over , distract ) you be absolutely right . macon open it and read the topmost letter . macon look at this ! why do you bother I with this ? " I just want to appraise you folk of a wonderful little hotel in ... " ( more ) ( continued ) 151 152 153 115 . continued : ( 2 ) . 151 macon ( cont 'd ) a man who say he want to " appraise " we , do you really suppose he would know a good hotel when he see one ? julian macon . . macon the whole damn language have be slaughter . julian macon , I just want to say this -- I care about that sister of yours more than anything else in the world . it 's not just Rose , it 's the whole way she life , that house and that turkey dinner and that evening card game . and I care about you , too , macon . you be my best friend ! at least , I hope so . macon oh , why , ah -- Julian get up . and take macon 's hand , shaking it more vigorously than macon be prepare for . he clap macon on the shoulder and stride out . int . hallway , macon' house - day 152 later . Sarah walk ahead of macon to the entrance of the live room . sarah how 's the fabric look ? macon it 's okay . it 's good . int . live room - day - 153 Sarah stand squinting at the new sofa bed . macon stand behind she . sarah what do you think ? macon seem fine to I , ( continued ) 116 . 153 continued : . 153 sarah honestly , macon . I do not know what 's come over you . you use to be downright finicky . macon it 's fine , Sarah . it look very nice . Sarah strip off the cellophane and stand back , arm full of crackling light . sarah we ought to see how it open out . macon pull at the canvas strap that turn the couch into a bed and open it . sarah maybe we should put on the sheet , now that we have get it open . Sarah disappear and then return with a stack of linen from the front hall . with macon position at the other side of the couch , she float a sheet above the mattress and then bustles up and down , tucking it in . macon stop help and watch she move about . macon let 's give the bed a trial run . sarah ( look up , not understanding ) Trial run ? but she allow he to take the sheet away and slip she sweat shirt over she head . languid , lazy and slow , they drop to the new mattress . 154 int . bedroom , macon' house - night 154 macon come out of the bathroom . Sarah , in she slip , . be stand in front of the bureau , screwing on little gold earring . they be dress to go out . macon choose a shirt . sarah macon . macon ' ( continued ) 154 ; 117 . continued : - 154 sarah you never ask I if I sleep with anyone while we be separate . macon pause , halfway into one sleeve . sarah do not you want to know ? macon no . macon put on the shirt and begin buttone the cuff . sarah I would think you would wonder . macon well , I do not . _ Sarah watch macon in she mirror for a few beat . sarah macon , the trouble with you be 7 macon ( flaring , surprising they both ) Sarah , do not even start ! by God , if that do not sum up everything that 's wrong with be marry . " macon , the trouble with you be -- " and " I know you better than you know yourself , macon -- " sarah ( continue steadily ) the trouble with you be , you think ~ people should stay in they own seal package . you do not believe in open up . macon okay , let 's say that that 's true . let 's say for now that you do know . what the trouble with I be , that nothing I might feel could surprise you . and that the reason I do not want to hear about this specific thing be that I can not open up . if we agree on all that , can we drop it ? ( continued ) 118 . 154 continued : ( 2 ) . 154 macon take a tie from the rack in he closet . Sarah watch he for several long beat , then go back to she makeup . : sarah for you information , I do not sleep with anyone the whole entire time . . macon pretend that - he have not hear she . 155 int . airplane - day 155 the plane to Paris be crowded as macon find he seat . macon glance up the aisle , where more passenger be arrive . a japanese man , a nun , a Young girl in braid . a woman with a little red vanity kit , she hair a dark tent . muriel . she walk toward he , watch she foot . when she be next to he she raise she eye and it 's clear that she 's know all along he be there . muriel I be go to France . macon but you can not ! the french couple next to he look at he curiously . muriel I be go to walk along the seine . muriel notice the people stack up behind she and move on . 156 int . airplane - night 156 the movie be show in the darken cabin . macon make he way down the aisle , he shave kit in hand . the lavatory be occupy , so macon wait . he turn to find muriel . macon muriel , what in -- muriel you do not own this plane ! and you do not own Paris , either . ( continued ) 156 156a 157 158 the accidental tourist - Rev. 3/14/87 . 119 . continued : I 156 . " macon press he lest temple . : . macon '' : : I ' don ' t understand any of this . how could you afford the fare ? macon but the point be , why , muriel ? why be you do phis ? we muriel : | '' ( lift she chin ) because I feel like it . macon . you feel like spend five ' day : alone in a Paris hotel ? that 's what it will be , muriel . = o-~.0 :-. ~ ( quietly ) . - you need . to have I aro I what ! a you be fall to piece . befor _you have I . wk coe Lee a man come out of one of the '' jevatort . macon 's step '' inside and lock the door quickly behind he . int . lavatory macon turn on the water , ' the truth . of muriel 8 last — word bang against he forehead . : ext . do gaulle airport - - '' day . macon , alone , come out '' of the terminal , glance once behind he like a spy on the run , and hurry off toward . a cab. . at . int . macon' room , paris HOTEL a small room in a modest hotel . '' macon sis just finish settling in , but ina distract : '' way . ext . Pov of narrow STREET 159 twice he go to the ' window and_ crane to '' see down into . : the narrow street . : . 160 161 162 120 . int . macon be room , paris HOTEL - day 160 there be a knock on the door and , surprisingly , macon look relieved . he rush to the door and open it . muriel breeze in , go over to the window . muriel you room be bigger than mine be . I have a better view , though . just think , we be really in Paris ! the bus driver say it might rain but I tell he I do not care . rain or shine , it 's Paris . macon . how do you know what bus to take ? muriel I bring along you guidebook . she pat she pocket . muriel want to go for breakfast ? macon no , I do not . I can not . you would better leave , muriel . muriel oh. okay . she leave . macon go over to the phone on the bureau and pick up the receiver . it be dead . int . lobby , paris HOTEL - day 161 the lobby telephone be house in a ancient wooden booth . sarah ( on phone ) hello ? macon Sarah ? int . bedroom , macon' house - night 162 Sarah be in bed . the call wake she up . we begin to intercut macon and Sarah . sarah macon ? macon , where be you ? what 's the matter ? ( continued ) - 162 continued : 121 . 162 macon nothing 's the matter . I just feel like talk to you . sarah what ? what time be it ? macon I know it 's early and I be sorry I wake you but I want to hear you voice . sarah there 's some kind of static on the line . macon how 's the weather there ? sarah how 's who ? macon the weather ! be it sunny ? sarah I do not know . I do not think it 's even light yet . macon will you be gardening today ? sarah what ? macon garden ! sarah well , I have not think . it depend on whether it 's sunny , I guess . macon I wish I be there . I could help you . sarah you hate to garden ! macon , be you all right ? macon yes , I be fine . ( continued ) 162 163 164 122 . continued : ( 2 ) - 162 sarah how be the flight over ? macon ( moment of panic ) oh , the flight , well , goodness ! I guess I be so busy read I do not really notice . : sarah maybe you have get jet lag . we CUT in close on macon here . there 's something in he eye . he seem not so much jet-lagged as , well , at sea . macon yes , maybe I do . ext . paris STREET - day 163 he walk blindly down the sidewalk , scribbling in the margin of he guidebook . macon' v.0o . it 's puzzle how the french be so tender in prepare they food but so rough in serve it . int . macon be room , paris HOTEL - night 164 macon come into the room -- footsore , leg muscle aching -- and collapse on he bed . there be a knock at the door . he groans and rise to open the door . muriel stand there with she arm full of clothes . muriel look . see what - all I buy . she march in and dump clothes on the bed . macon muriel , have you lose you sense ? what must all this have cost ? muriel nothing ! or next to nothing . I find a place that 's like the granddaddy of all garage sale . if you say something 's too expensive , they will bring the price down till it 's cheap enough . ( more ) ( continued ) 123 . 164 continued : , - 164 muriel ( cont 'd ) I see this leather coat I would have kill for but the man want ninety francs . macon ninety francs be fifteen dollar or so . muriel oh , really ? I think francs and dollar be about the same . macon no . muriel well , then this thing be super bargain . now let I take this back to my room so we can go eat . macon ( beat ) no , I can not . muriel what harm would it do to eat supper with I , macon ? I be someone from home you have run into in Paris ! can not we have a bite together ? 165 int . / ext . burger king , paris - night 165 macon and muriel sit at a table at the Burger King on the champ - elysee . macon careful , this be not the whopper you be use to . you will want to scrape the extra pickle and onion off . she ignore he , take a bite and make a satisfied face . macon who 's look after Alexander ? muriel oh , different people . macon what different people ? I hope you have not just park he , muriel . ( continued ) 165 166 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 124 . continued : ° 165 muriel relax . he 's fine . Claire have he in the daytime and then bernice come in and cook supper and any time Claire have a date with the General the twin will keep he or if ... the camera be out at the street now look back at they as muriel continue . and macon listen , with a kind of wonder . int . elevator / hall , paris HOTEL - night 166 macon and muriel must stand close together in the tiny elevator . muriel can I come to you room a while ? my tv set only get snow . macon we would better say good night . muriel can not I just come in and keep you company ? . macon no , muriel . muriel 's we would not have to do anything . the elevator stop at he floor . he step out , but turn and hold the door . macon do not you understand my position ? I have be marry to she forever . I can not change now . muriel why be that ? all muriel 's makeup have wear off and she look young and sad . macon good night . he let the elevator door close . 167 168 169 125 . int . / ext . restaurant - day : 167 macon can be see through the window write in he notebook . macon' v.0 , De not fall for prix fixe . it 's like a mother say " eat , eat " -- all that course force on you ... ext . paris STREET - - near HOTEL - day 168 afternoon . macon walk wearily back to he own hotel . he see muriel up ahead , arm full of parcel . before he even think , he call out -- macon muriel ! she turn with a big smile and wait for he to catch up . he accept several of she parcel . they head off together toward the hotel . muriel macon , could we eat someplace nice today ? int . fancy restaurant - night 169 macon and muriel sit at a table near the window that front a lovely restaurant . muriel ( study menu ) if I ask they what something be in English , do you think they will be able to tell I ? macon oh , you do not have to bother do that . just order salade nicoise . muriel order what ? macon I think you say you would read my guide . salade nicoise . it 's the one safe dish . I have be all through France eat nothing but , day in and day out . muriel that sound kind of monotonous . ( continued ) ee % 169 170 126 . continued : ~- . 169 macon no , it 's not . some place put green bean in it , some do not . muriel I think I will just ask the waiter . she lay she menu aside . . muriel : do you suppose they call they french window in France ? macon ( confuse ) what ? oh , I really do not have the slight idea . int . fancy restaurant - night 170 later . a pleasant waiter and muriel agree on a dinner for she . the waiter leave . muriel there . be not he nice ? macon that be a rare exception . she bat at the hem of she skirt . muriel durn fringe ! I keep think something 's crawl up my leg . where you go tomorrow , macon ? macon out of Paris altogether . tomorrow I start on the other city . muriel you be leave I here alone ? macon this be high -speed travel , muriel . not fun . I be waking up at crack of dawn . muriel take I anyway . macon I can not . ( continued ) 127 . 170 continued : - 170 muriel I have not be sleep so good . I get bad dream . last night I dream about dominick . I dream he be mad at I . macon : muriel he would not talk to I . would not look at I . ' turned out he be mad because I would not let he use the car anymore . I say , " dommie , you be dead . you can not use the car . " mad ? macon well , do not worry about it . it be just a travel dream . muriel I be scared it mean he 's mad for real . off wherever he 's at . macon he 's not . he would not . be mad . he 's happy as a lark . : muriel you really think so ? macon sure ! he 's up there in some kind of motor heaven , polish a car all he own . and it 's always spring and the sun be always shine and there 's always some blonde in a halter top to help he with the buffing . muriel you really think that might be true ? macon yes , I do . muriel look at he lovingly . really comfort . she reach over and put she hand on he . he seem about to move it , but then do not . muriel macon , will you do this for I , will you just think about it tonight and decide in the morning ? ( continued ) 170 171 172 128 , continued : ( 2 ) : 170 macon what ? muriel whether I can go with you tomorrow . _ I will not be any bother , I promise . just think about it tonight , okay ? after a long moment , he agree . int . macon be room , paris HOTEL - morning 1721 it be still dark out as macon wake and turn off he alarm . he lie there waking up , then remember the bus - iness of the day . he seem to be mull the muriel issue with some odd good humor . he decide he will let she go with he . and he cannot suppress a smile as he sit up and reach for the phone . he remember the phone be out of order , but check it at he ear for a moment anyway . he rise and pull at the cord and lean over the bureau to peer down at where it be jack to the wall . he put the phone down and move the heavy bureau a few inch away from the wall . he react to a twinge in he back , but shake it off and stoops down toward the jack . there be a barely - audible little crack . and macon freeze in he stoop position . his back have go out , but he do not want to believe it . and if he do not move he will not be sure . after several moment of delay , he slowly straighten . the pain zing into he . he be barely able to make he way back to the bed and lower himself inch by inch onto it . int . macon be room , paris HOTEL - morning 172 later . macon be asleep in exactly the same position . there be a knock at the door . macon open he eye . muriel 0o.s. macon ?... macon , you in there ? close on macon 's eye , as he make a decision . a more rational decision . inform by the sober clarity of he current pain . he say nothing and listen and muriel walk away . he close he eye again . 173 174 175 ; 129 . int . macon be room , paris HOTEL - day 173 later . the door to the room open with the jingle of key and a sweet , pale chambermaid poke she head in . she see macon and begin to withdraw -- chambermaid pardon , monsieur . macon ( raise he hand ) no , wait !- int . lobby phone booth , paris HOTEL - day 174 the Chambermaid and a bellhop stand a discreet distance outside whisper together , have help a hobble , robe macon into the booth . he be hunch grotesquely over the phone . we begin to intercut macon and -- int . julian' office ( baltimore ) - day 175 Rose be on the phone at Julian 's desk , which have be straighten up and clear to a extreme degree . rose businessman 's Press . macon um. this be macon leary . to whom be I -- rose oh , macon . macon _ Rose ? rose yes , it 's I . macon what be you do there ? rose I work here now . . I be put thing in order . you would not believe the state this place be in . macon Rose , my back have go out on I . ( continued ) 130 . 175 '' continued : : 175 rose oh , no , of all time ! be you still in Paris ? : - macon yes , but I be just about to start my day trip and there be all this plan I have to change and no telephone in my room . so I be wonder : .. rose I will take care of everything . do not you bother with a thing . have you see a doctor ? macon doctor do not help . just bed rest . rose well , rest then , macon . 176 int . macon be room , paris HOTEL - night / day 176 macon be hunch in a armchair drink wine which he pour from a small , mini-bar size bottle . he be about to pour the last bit into he glass when there be a knock . : muriel ( 0.s. ) macon ?... macon ? macon freeze , silent . muriel ( 0.s. ) darn it ! why do he go without I ? : ( move away in the hall ) macon , you do not know what 's good for you ... he strain to listen , but she be go . L 177 int . macon be room , paris HOTEL . 177 later . macon be back in bed with he head propped just enough to watch the tv which be play softly . again there be a knock . macon do nothing . then a key turn in the door and in walk Sarah , in a beige suit . ( continued ) 177 178 131 . continued : . 177 macon Sarah ? sarah hello , macon ! she smile and come over to kiss he . the bellhop come in after she with two piece of match luggage . she go over to tip . and dismiss he in a breeze of brisk efficiency . sarah now , everything 's take care of . I be go to make you day trip for you . we have reschedule the other city and I start on they tomorrow . macon but how do you get here so soon ? sarah Rose be just a wizard . she 's revampe that entire office . here 's a pill from Dr. Levitt . she pour some bottled water into a glass . macon you know I do not take pill . sarah this time you do . you be go to sleep as much as you can , so you back have a chance to heal . swallow . macon swallow the pill . int . macon' room , part HOTEL 178 later . macon wake up to find Sarah stand over he with a glass of water . sarah how do you feel ? macon okay . sarah here 's you next pill . ( continued ) 178 . 132 . continued : - 178 macon that thing be deadly . they knock I out . she sit down on the edge of the mattress , careful not to jar he . sarah macon . macon hon. sarah I see that woman friend of yours . macon tense . his back seize up . sarah she see I , too . she seem very surprised . macon Sarah , this be not the way it look . sarah ( evenly ) what be it then , macon ? I would like to hear . macon she come over on she own . I do not even know till just before the plane take off , I swear it ! she follow I . I tell she I do not want she along . I tell she it be no use . sarah you do not know till just before the plane take off ? macon I swear it . ( he look at she ) do you believe I ? sarah yes , I believe you . macon hold she gaze for a moment , but then he eyelid slowly fall . the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 133 . 179 int . macon be room , paris HOTEL - night 179 later . Sarah bustles into the room with a bag of grocery , macon be awake , have propped himself against a pillow . sarah I think I would make you supper myself . Fresh fruit and thing . macon that 's very nice of you , Sarah . Sarah begin unwrap cheese . sarah I be think , after I have finish the trip , if you back be better , maybe we could do a little sightseeing on we own . macon Fine . sarah have a second honeymoon , sort of . he watch she set the cheese on a flatten paper bag . sarah we will change you plane ticket for a later date . you be reserve to leave tomorrow morning . no chance you could manage that . do I tell you about Julian ? macon no , what ? sarah he 's move in with Rose and you brother . macon he 's what ? 179a int . SUN porch , rose's house - night 1794 * Rose , porter and Charles sit play vaccination . the * fourth seat , macon 's place , be now hold down by -- Julian . * ' sarah ( vo ) * he life there . he 's start * play vaccination every night ; after supper . ( continued ) wee we eet ee the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 134. 1794 continued : . 1794 * macon ( vo ) * well , I will be damned . * 179b int . macon be room , paris HOTEL - night 179b * Sarah pass macon a glass . * sarah . Apple cider . a toast to we second * honeymoon . macon we second honeymoon . sarah eighteen more year together . * macon eighteen . * sarah or would you say seventeen ? * macon no , it 's eighteen , all right . * sarah I mean because we skip this past year . macon oh . no , it would still be eighteen . * sarah you think so ? macon I consider this last year just another stage in we marriage . ' do not worry , it 's eighteen . Sarah clink her* glass against he . she begin to cut a peach into section and pass he one of the section . sarah macon . just tell I this . be the little boy the attraction ? macon hmm ? sarah be the fact that she have a child what attract you to that woman ? ( continued ) 17983 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 135. continued : . 179b * macun Sarah , I swear to you , I have no idea she be plan to follow I over here . sarah yes , I realize that , but I be wonder about the child question . : macon what child question ? sarah I be remember the time you say we should have another baby . macon oh , well , that be just ... I do not know what that be . he hand she back the peach ; he be not hungry anymore . sarah I be think maybe you be right . macon what ? ( understand ) no , Sarah . Lord , that be a terrible idea . sarah oh , I know it 's scary . I admit I would be scared to have another . macon exactly . we be too old . sarah no , I be talk about the , you know , world we would be bring he into . so much evil and danger . I admit it , I would be frantic any time we let he out on the street . macon yes , there 's that . they be silent for a few moment . macon be think . macon though really it 's kind of ... hearten , be not it ? how most human being do try . ( more ) ( continued ) the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 136 . 179b continued : . be ( 2 ) 1798 * macon ( cont 'd ) how they try to be as responsible and kind as they can manage . sarah be you say , yes , we can have a baby ? macon well , no . it seem to I we be past the time for that , Sarah . sarah so , she little boy be not the reason . he look at she sharply , he tone a little harsh . macon what be we talk about here , Sarah ? sarah ( voice rise ) can not you just answer I ? I want a to understand . macon look , it 's over with . can not we close the lid on it ? I do not cross - examine you , do I ? sarah but I do not have someone follow I to Paris ! macon and what if you do ? would I blame you if someone just climb on a plane without you know ? sarah before it leave the ground . macon pardon ? what ? Sarah ! sarah before it leave the ground , you see she . you could have walk up to she and say , " no . get off . go e this minute . I want nothing more : to do with you and I never want to see you again . " ( continued ) 1798 180 181 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 137. continued : ( 3 ) - 179b * macon you think I own the airline , . Sarah ? sarah you could have stop she if you would really want . you could have take step . they fall silent . Sarah rise and begin clear away they supper . macon watch she move around the room . it 's hard to tell if the pain in he eye be come from he back or something less physical . Sarah open a pill bottle , shake a white pill into she palm and bring it to macon . her eye barely meet he as she hand he the sleep pill and turn away . macon close he fist around the pill and let it rest on the blanket . Sarah go into the bathroom . she be upset . when she catch sight of herself in the mirror , she be startle and a little embarrassed . she see macon 's reflection in the mirror watch she and , almost reflexively , push the bathroom door halfway close to obliterate he view . macon slowly lower himself down into the bed , and suddenly the camera be close on he in_exactly the same i i i at the start of they affair . and like then , macon lie in bed and hear : Sarah run water in the bathroom , move about the room as she get undress and hang she clothes , the tinkling of the chain as she slip it on the door , the switching off of the light . the bed move and macon 's back stab pain as Sarah slip in beside he , but he make no sound . he listen the Sarah 's breathe as it soften almost immediately . int . macon be room , paris HOTEL - night 180 extreme close - up on macon 's hand as it slowly open and he let the white pill fall among the bedclothes . dissolve to : macon 's face . he turn to look beside he . dissolve to : Sarah 's face , in profile , from macon 's Pov . she be sleep - ing . dissolve to : the reverse shot -- Sarah sleep in the foreground , macon look at she . a long time . int . bathroom , paris HOTEL - dawn 181 macon , hunch and pain , come into the bathroom . he slowly -- every move be slow -- begin to shave . 182 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 138 . int . macon be room , paris HOTEL - morning 182 macon , dress now , be slowly pack he thing into he bag . he take the frame photo of ethan from the bureau and slip it into the outer pocket of the bag . each movement be laborious . the last item be he heavy book , miss macintosh , my darling . he put it into he bag , newly impressed with its weight . he think about it , then take it out of the bag and set it aside on the bureau . he will leave it . sarah macon ? he turn to look at she in bed . macon Sarah . I be glad you be awake . sarah what be you do ? macon I be pack to leave . she sit up . her face be crease down one side . sarar but what about you back ? and I have get all that appointment ! we be go to take a second honeymoon . ' macon sweetheart . macon make he way over to she and lower himself cautiously till he be sit on the bed . he pick up she hand -- it stay lifeless while she watch he face . sarah you be go back to that woman . macon yes , I be . sarah why , macon ? macon I just decide , Sarah . I think about it most of last night . it be not easy . it 's not the easy way out , believe I . she stare at he , with no expression . ( continued ) 182 the accidental tourist - Rev. 12/14/87 139 . continued : . 182 macon well , I do not want to miss the plane . he inch to a stand position and hobble into the bathroom for he shave kit . sarah you know what this be ? it 's all due to that pill ! you say yourself it knock you out . now it 's mess up you think . macon I do not take the pill . there be a silence . sarah macon ? be you just try to get even with I for the time I leave you ? macon return with the shave kit . macon no , sweetheart . sarah I suppose you realize what you life be go to be like . she climb out of bed and come over to stand next to he in she nightgown , hugging she bare arm . sarah ( without heat ) you will be one of that mismatch couple no one invite to party . no one will know what to make of you . people will wonder whenever they meet you , " my God , what do be see in she ? why choose someone so inappropriate ? " and she friend will be ask the same thing about you . macon you be probably right . he zip he overnight bag . ( continued ) 182 183 184 185 140 . continued : ( 2 ) . 182 macon I be sorry , Sarah . I do not want to decide this . it 's silly to even think we know what 's go to happen . maybe this be just another stage in we marriage . and not the last . macon put he arm around she painfully , and , after a pause , she let she ‘head rest against he shoulder . sarah ( very calm ) I think this might happen . ext . paris HOTEL - day . 183 macon manage the front door by back through it , stiffly . ext . paris STREET - day 184 no taxi in sight . he set off for the next block . car - rying he bag be torture . he try it in he leave hand , then he right . he step over to a building with a low stone curb run around its base . he set the bag on the curb , take out ethan 's picture , leave the bag , and hurry on . up ahead he see a taxi with a boy just step - ping out of it . raising either arm be impossible . he be force to run in a absurd , scuttling fashion while shouting bit of french . macon attendez ! attendez , monsieur ! the taxi be already move off and the Boy be just slip - ping he wallet back into he jeans when he see macon and call out something and the taxi brake . macon make he way up to the cab , panting . macon ( to the Boy ) merci beaucoup . the Boy , who have a sweet , pure face and shaggy yellow hair , open the taxi door for he and gently assist he in . int . / ext . taxi - moving - day 185 the Boy shut the door and then , to macon 's surprise , i  . the taxi move off . ( continued ) % of 185 186 141 . continued : - 185 the taxi Driver look at he . macon Charles De gaulle Airport . the Driver make a u-turn , head back in the direction macon have just come from . they pass the Boy once again , walk along the sidewalk . . macon lean forward to peer intently at he , blink to clear he view . macon moving Pov of the french Boy as the taxi pass . his face be not so very different than ethan 's would have be , this two year later ... if ethan have live . macon sit back , but he do not look sad . in fact , there be some kind of peace in the memory and the forward movement of the Boy and the taxi . the taxi approach macon 's hotel . a man be just emerg - ing with a small anxious dog on he arm . and there on the curb stand muriel , surround by suit - case and string - handle shopping bag and cardboard carton overflow with red velvet . she be frantically wave down taxi -- first one ahead , then macon 's own . macon arretez ! ext . paris HOTEL - day 186 the taxi lurch to a halt . muriel look surprised by its sudden stop . she smile for a moment at the Driver and she eye sweep over macon -- not register he -- as she turn to begin collect she bag . macon watch , suspend in the moment , with a kind of joy . suddenly , muriel 's mind register what she have glimpse in the shadowy back seat . she straighten and turn , very slowly it seem to macon . and now a much larger smile light she face . her gaze lock directly onto he -- and where they meet , there be a blind , white burst of light .