" the base " screenplay by William c. martell copyright 1997 by William c. martell " the base " ext . border checkpoint -- day Cars fill with tourist move slowly through the checkpoint into Mexico . on the american side : clean maintain street . ext . tijuana , mexico -- day but just across the border : crowd , garbage everywhere , building cramme together on pot hole street . it seem darker , more dangerous . everything have a touch of evil . ext . strip club -- day a honky tonk street line with dive . neon flicker outside a strip club . college kide on spring break laugh drunkenly as they leave the club , one belch loudly . we sneak in while the door be open . int . strip club -- day almost everyone be american . four clean cut young man watch a pair of aging stripper gyrate on stage . when the Ugly stripper dance in front of they , one of they put a dollar in she g-string . delmar horman , why be you give that skank money ? dave delmar be a massive weight lifter with a troubled childhood which turn he into a bit of a bully . breen this be the close he 's be to pussy in month , Del . give he a break . artie horman be the youngest of the group , and the most unsure of himself . maybe still a virgin . wear a tourist sombrero . horman want I to take a picture and send it to you wife ? ( continued ) 2 . breen Lucy would kill I . can not even rent R rate movie ! rick breen be the most conservative : already marry ; dress for church , not stripper . delmar only a idiot would get marry . breen who you call a idiot ? I get it at least once a week . the best look stripper take it all off . every man in the dive watch she but one : marty rackin , oldest of the four , keep he eye on a booth in the back where a slick drug lawyer name vargas talk with two mexican in sweat clothes and gold jewelry . horman hey baby ! come on down ! as the stripper dance to they side of the room , vargas give the mexican some hundred dollar bill , and leave . rackin drink up . it 's time to run and gun . horman but she 's just .... delmar you hear the man : drink up . horman reluctantly ignore the stripper gyrate in front of he and finish he beer . the four follow vargas out . ext . tijuana , mexico -- day rackin do not lose sight of vargas . the four cross the street to a park car , and delmar pop open the trunk . vargas be a block away . he stop at a door , make sure no one be watch he , then give a secret knock . the door open and vargas enter the building . delmar get he ? rackin yeah . next block . Sixth door down . ( continued ) 3. rackin watch the door close , then take the flack jacket delmar hand he . all four man put on jacket . camouflage grease paint be pass around , and they paint they face . breen horman want to know if we can go back and see the stripper afterwards . rackin sorry , artie . delmar hand each of the man a huge military style m249 saw machine gun . horman also take a combat shotgun . armed for a small war , they close the car trunk . rackin ready to rumble ? horman sail the sombrero across the street . they slap hand with each other . rackin ooze wild charisma . his team would follow he to hell and come back with the Devil on he order . the four walk down the street like the Wild bunch . ext . tijuana build -- day at the doorway , breen ease a fiber optic strand quietly under the door . from this point on , the team use military hand signal to communicate . fiber optic shot a distort look at the foyer beyond the door . two guard armed with uzis smoke cigarettes . ext . tijuana build -- day breen pull out the strand and signal that there be two guard , armed , and point to where they be stand . the other nod . the door of the next building open and a ten year old boy step out ... see the armed man and be frighten . breen put a finger to he lip , smile and gesture for the Boy to go back inside . the Boy return to safety indoors . rackin give final hand signal instruction to the team . then they break open the door . 4. int . tijuana build -- day the door splinter inwards , and the two guard quickly bring up they uzis . rackin shoot the one of the leave before he can get off a shot . breen take out the one on the right second before he fire at delmar . rackin gesture for delmar to guard the door , while breen and horman will use two - by- two cover formation to climb the stair . rackin will check out the downstairs room . rackin do not get far before gunfire erupt . a pair of massive mexican in sweat , armed with uzis , pop from the top of the staircase and open fire down at breen and horman . mexican # 1 two of they ! on the stair ! breen and horman back down the stair and take cover as bullet turn step into sawdust . rackin turn to help they , when he hear a noise , spin and fire down the hallway ... blast guard # 3 off he foot before he get all the way out the door . rackin give it a beat to see if the Guard have any friend , but no one come . he go to help ... breen cover horman as he roll from behind cover and fire thew shotgun up at the two mexican . mexican # 2 come roll down the stair , dead . mexican # 1 they get manny ! breen run up the stair , take they two at a time , m249 saw machinegun ready . mexican # 1 swing out and fire a burst , send breen back a couple of step . when mexican # 1 start come down the stair , breen send a burst of gunfire to chase he up . for a moment , it 's like a errol Flynn / basil rathbone stair sword fight ... but with machinegun . breen force the mexican up a few step , then the mexican force he back . then breen fake right , move leave , and blast mexican # 1 right off he foot . when breen get to the top of the stair , he gesture for rackin and horman that it 's clear . ( continued ) 5 . at the top of the stair a hallway and two door . rackin gesture for horman to cover while breen use the fiber optic strand . breen push the strand under the first door . fiber optic shot the distort view of the room ... empty . at the top of the stair breen pull out the strand and shake he head . they creep to the next doorway , breen stick the strand in . fiber optic shot a distort view of a drug lab . ray vargas , the sleazy american drug lawyer , have a briefcase full of money . Three drug dealer be opposite a table stack with bag of black tar heroin . a woman hide in the back of the room . guard # 4 stand near the door , gun ready to fire at the first one through . at the top of the stair breen pull out the strand and relay the information . rackin nod , and gesture instruction . horman will lay on the floor with the shotgun aim up . breen will take one side of the door and rackin the other . nod . int . drug room -- day vargas look around nervously . Guard # 4 keep he gun ready . the door splinter OPEN and Guard # 4 fire ... but there 's no one stand in the doorway . a moment of confusion . by the time Guard # 4 look down , it 's too late . horman blast he right off he foot . rackin and breen swing into the room , gun ready . rackin hand ! everybody ! hand ! ( continued ) 6 . breen get them up ! everyone raise they hand . drug dealer # 3 keep he hand chest level ... under he lapel be a gun in a shoulder rig . rackin yell down to delmar . rackin clear . delmar ( o.s. ) copy that . rackin gesture for the woman to come out from she hide place , then look over the bag of heroin . vargas look , there 's be a mistake ... rackin there have ? vargas yes . I be a american citizen . I know you be just do you job , but I do not belong here . rackin buying heroin ? vargas see , I ask at a bar where I could find some whore , and they must have misunderstand I ... rackin why do not you put you hand against the wall . you know the position . breen hand against the wall ! everyone assume the position . vargas still plead with rackin . try not to get bust . vargas we be on the same side . I be a lawyer . I have id .... in my wallet . rackin check he wallet . that 's when drug Dealer # 3 go for he gun ! ( continued ) 7. but find a empty holster . rackin laugh , hold up the miss gun as if it 's part of a magic trick . rackin look for this ? do not you know I be magic ? rackin do a few impressive gun trick , then turn he hand and the gun be gone ... disappear . great close up magic . rackin I be the magic man . horman pull vargas ' wallet , open it . money , credit card , and a California driver license . horman he 's american . Ray vargas . from San diego. Visa , american Express ... vargas see ? this be a mistake . you d.e.a. guy be do a great job with the war on drug , but ... breen we be not with the d.e.a . vargas f.b.i .? d.e.a .? we be all Americans . you can let I go ... rackin smile at vargas , then nod to breen . breen open fire , St. Valentine 's Day massacre style . all four man and the woman be shot to piece . horman pull the money from vargas ' wallet , pocket it . rackin ( laugh ) he think we be with the FBI . the other laugh as they gather up the briefcase full of money and the bag of black tar heroin , and vacate the room . int . tijuana build -- day at the bottom of the stair , rackin nod at delmar . delmar what would we get ? ( continued ) 8. rackin few hundred thousand and a lot of heroin . not that mexican brown shit , either ... Black tar . mucho salable . the four man leave the building . ext . tijuana build -- day the ten Year Old Boy hide in a doorway as the four man walk past . while watch they , he notice a tattoo on delmar 's arm . the U.S. Marine Corps symbol . ext . camp richard , san diego -- day the U.S. Marine Corps symbol on the gate of Camp Richards . a beautiful spring day . Marine Corps Band march music in the background . a title be super with the camp name and location . ext . parade ground -- day a line of marine march past general ANTHONY newhouse . newhouse be a rugge , war harden , leader . more John Wayne than Jack webb , he weigh exactly what he weigh when he join the Marines twenty five year ago . next to General newhouse be he aide , Lt. peter veiller . veiller have spend too much time behind a desk fill out paper work . he look too soft for combat . each Marine salute newhouse as he pass . gunnery sergeant Martin L. rackin salute as he pass , follow by sgt. breen , corporal horman , and sgt. delmar . when delmar salute , we see the tattoo on he arm again . the cold blooded killer who knock off vargas and the drug dealer be United States Marines ! ext . saudi arabia -- night war. a Marine recon team trap behind enemy line , as bullet spray around they . explosion illuminate the carnage . twisted metal . four dead Marines . gunnery sergeant ronald L. murphy yell into a radio . ( continued ) 9 . murphy base . this be Force recon five . we be under heavy fire , I repeat , heavy fire . request immediate extraction . another explosion show sgt. ted newhouse , early 20 and scared to death . his name print on he camouflage . a bloody rag have stop the bleed from the bullet wound in he leg . gripping Murphy 's free hand . ted get I out of here , Murphy ... murphy base . this be Force recon five , do you copy ? base ( v.o. ) copy , recon five . give I you team leader ... murphy team leader be dead . primary Radio be dead . second Radio and tail -end Charlie be dead . this be the Point man , ron Murphy ... requesting immediate extraction . code word be switchblades . base ( v.o. ) give I the Assistant team leader . murphy Assistant team leader be wounded . we need air extraction now . base ( v.o. ) unable to extract from you co-ord . murphy I have a wounded man .... base ( v.o. ) chopper be wait at extraction point alpha ... a huge explosion send debris over Murphy and Ted . when Murphy try the radio again , he only get static . murphy base ? base ? Murphy lower the mike , turn to Ted . ( continued ) 10 . murphy I can not carry you . you will have to wait here . ted come on , Murph ... do not leave . murphy just hang on , Ted . I will come back with help . ted do not leave I Murph ... please do not leave I here to die ... Ted reach he hand out , as Murphy scramble away . bullet and explosion shatter the night . ted Murphy ! Murphy ! int . jail cell -- day Murphy come out of the nightmare ... hear he name echoing . voice ( o.s. ) Murphy ? on a chain around he neck : Three dog tag . two in perfect condition with he name . the third , brown with corrosion ( blood ? ) , with the name edward newhouse . ext . fort lejuene , NORTH CAROLINA -- day the Marine Corps main base . a title be super with camp name and location . int . stockade hallway -- day General JOHN latimer be the top man in the Marine Corps . rugged and powerful , he earn he respect the old fashioned way : he be a war hero . latimer let the jailer lead he down the unfamiliar hallway to a dark cell . latimer Murphy in there ? the jailer nod , unlock the door ... wait for instruction . ( continued ) 11 . latimer you can go . the jailer salute , leave . latimer enter the cell . int . jail cell -- day Murphy look up at latimer , but do not salute . murphy what do you want ? latimer you be gunnery sergeant Ronald L. Murphy ? murphy that 's right . here to personally kick I out , General ? I be honore . I do not even think riddick bowe get this kind of service . latimer you use to be the best recon man there be ... murphy use to be . latimer they say you punch a officer . murphy I be drunk . be drunk be not a excuse , it 's another offense . latimer this be what ? you fifth ? Sixth offense ? murphy what 's you point ? latimer ever since Desert Storm you have be on the fast track to Court martial . one fight after another . murphy I swear : that be the last . ( continued ) 12 . latimer you be right . you hearing be schedule for tomorrow . you will probably do ten year in federal lock up before you be dishonorably discharge . Murphy look down at he unpolish shoe . murphy you be here to see I off . latimer I be here to offer you a deal . Murphy look up . latimer two week ago , a american lawyer name Raymond vargas and seven mexican citizen be murder in tiajuna . shot more than a dozen time . execution style . murphy so ? latimer the killer leave behind bullet and brass . because one of the victim be a american , the tiajuna Police work overtime on the case , come up with some surprising result . murphy suicide ? latimer the weapon be U.S. Marine Corps issue . 5.56 mm saw machine gun . murphy stolen ? latimer maybe . a ten year old who witness the murder say the killer be soldier . one of they have a Marine Corps tattoo on he arm . murphy shit . ( continued ) 13 . latimer after last year 's haze scandal , we want to nip this one in the bud . Camp Richards be just across the border from tiajuna . we be afraid that someone may be sell , steal , or trading Marine issue ordnance to drug dealer . murphy what do this have to do with I ? latimer recon be you specialty . sneak behind enemy line and return with troop and target information . murphy that be in Storm ... year ago . latimer we want you to go undercover at Camp Richards . find out how this weapon be get off the base . the name of any personal involved . murphy newhouse still run that base . latimer correct . General newhouse be in charge of Camp Richards . murphy can not do it . latimer you can not run from the man forever , Murphy . murphy I kill he son . Murphy 's intensity be frightening ... but latimer respond only with a nod . he lock eye with Murphy . latimer there be no room in this Marine Corps for criminal and hooligan , sgt. Murphy . no room for man like you . ( beat ) but if you do you job right ... find that responsible for this weapon ( more ) ( continued ) 14 . latimer ( cont 'd ) end up in the wrong hand ... you will have transformed yourself from one of they , to one of we . murphy yes , sir . ext . camp richard , san diego -- day a Marine Corps jeep roll up to the checkpoint . the driver show he paperwork to the officer at the gate . the Officer look over the paperwork , hand it back to the Driver , look at Murphy in the passenger seat . officer what have we here ? murphy corporal Ronald L. Murphy . transfer from Fort lejuene , sir . Murphy , clean up but minus some uniform stripe , hand the Officer he paperwork . the Officer look it over , nod . officer say here you use to be a gunny . get bust down a few grade . murphy yes , sir . the Officer turn to the Driver . officer show corporal Murphy to he quarter . ( to Murphy ) then the General want to see you . murphy yes , sir . Murphy salute , unhappy , and the jeep drive onto the base . the Officer at the Gate watch it drive away . int . veiller' office -- day Lt. veiller sit guard in the anteroom to General newhouse 's office . the ultimate weaselly male secretary . ( continued ) 15 . murphy corporal Murphy to see General newhouse . veiller inspect Murphy like a slab of meat . a undercurrent of homosexuality from veiller . veiller Murphy ? hmmmm . veiller look through the file on he desk , take enough time to show Murphy who be in charge . veiller yes . I believe the General be expect you . ( to intercom ) corporal Murphy 's here . veiller buzze Murphy in to General newhouse 's office . int . newhouse's office -- day Murphy salute . newhouse have Murphy 's file open on he desk , and every word he speak be barb . murphy corporal Ronald L. Murphy , sir . newhouse corporal . welcome to Camp Richards . we hope you will do better here than you do at Camp lejuene . murphy yes , sir . newhouse you know , Murphy , I be against you transfer here . but General latimer explain he reason in detail . Murphy wonder how much newhouse be tell of he mission . newhouse what do you think of he decision ? murphy I be just here to follow order , sir . ( continued ) 16 . newhouse excellent . you seem to have have some difficulty with that in the past . ( leaf through file ) a discipline problem . they think I might be able to straighten you out . Murphy realize newhouse know nothing of he mission . murphy yes , sir . newhouse unlike General latimer , I do not believe in second chance . I can not forgive past mistake . ( leaf through file ) and you have make a lot of they . newhouse keep the file open to the recon incident where he son be kill . newhouse make even the smallest mistake here , and it will be my pleasure to Court martial you and cart you off to a military prison for the rest of you shitty little life . ( beat ) do you understand I , Murphy ? murphy yes , sir . newhouse you be dismiss . Murphy salute and leave . break the rule to investigate the miss gun may land he in jail for ever . ext . parade ground -- day rackin , breen , delmar , and horman watch as Murphy leave the General 's Office Building . rackin kind of old for a corporal . breen the Gate Officer say newhouse put he on the top of the shit list . ( continued ) 17 . rackin interesting . the watch Murphy cross the base to the barrack building . rackin corporal horman . find out everything you can about we new man . horman yes , sir . horman head to the General 's Office , the other watch Murphy enter he barrack . int . barracks -- day no one talk to Murphy as he open he duffel bag and unpack . he have he bunk , he locker ... he part of the world . no friend , no real home . the other marine keep they distance . no one talk to he , welcome he , or acknowledge he . Murphy 's first day on the base , he 's already a pariah . when no one be look , he take a pack contain a mini camera , lock pick equipment , burglar tool and hide it under he matress . int . supply build -- day Murphy wait at the counter for sgt. tom fuller , the supply sergeant for the base . while Murphy wait , he note the location of the computer and ledger , where information on the steal gun might be find . one of the ledger be on the counter . fuller finish and do he best gomer pile imitation . fuller supplies , supplies . what can I get for you , corporal ? murphy bedd supplies . fuller go to grab the basic bedding kit : blanket , sheet , pillow , etc . Murphy try to sneak a peek into the ledger . look for gun and ammo . almost get catch . ( continued ) 18 . fuller where you from ? murphy Camp lejuene . how often do they do inventory around here ? fuller why ? look for a five finger discount ? wonder how long before you will be catch ? murphy wonder if I order a new pair of boot how long it will take you to get they . fuller Seven work day . murphy so you order , what ? once a week ? fuller yeah . lotta question for a transfer . murphy just try to learn my way around . fuller what size ? murphy what ? fuller boot . you need new boot , right ? we may have they in stock ... murphy eleven and a half . fuller shake he head . Murphy grab the sheet , start out . fuller just a minute . when Murphy turn , fuller be examine the ledger . murphy what ? ( continued ) 19 . fuller you name . rank. military id number or Social Security number . for fuller 's report ? Murphy hesitates . fuller for the bed kit . murphy right . Murphy set everything down , fill the information out in the ledger , and sign for the bed kit . int . mat room -- day the marine get ready for hand to hand combat practice . Murphy stand alone . across the room , horman whisper to rackin , who eat a apple . rackin good work . rackin and the team wander over to where Murphy loosen up . rackin kind of old for a corporal . murphy I use to be a gunny . rackin what would they bust you down for ? murphy Fighting . rackin you good at fight ? murphy I be good at everything . rackin ( laugh ) think you could take on sgt. breen , here ? Murphy look over breen . they be about the same size , should be a even fight . ( continued ) 20 . murphy sure . rackin ten buck for every minute you stay off the mat . murphy make it twenty . rackin twenty .... general newhouse clap for attention . newhouse you rifle may be you best friend , but you be not useless without it . Hand to hand combat skill be you last line of defense , you only chance at survival in the field if a mission blow up in you face . Murphy look down , try to forget he past . newhouse you know the move , let 's see what you can do in a practice session . remember , in the field , you will be fight for you life . ( beat ) pair up on the mat , I will blow the whistle to start . breen and Murphy pair up . but right before General newhouse blow the whistle , the massive delmar tap breen on the shoulder . delmar mind if I cut in ? breen step aside , and Murphy get a less than a second to size up he new opponent before the whistle blow . rackin take a bit of he apple , watch from the sideline . delmar get the first strike , almost knock Murphy off he foot . but waking he up . Murphy go into action , use judo , akido , and street fight skill to evade delmar 's next hit and get in a few of he own . ( continued ) 21 . delmar you be not bad . murphy the bigger they be ... delmar the harder they hit . delmar slam Murphy with a solid punch , send he to the floor . but Murphy hit the mat and twist , kick delmar 's leg out from under he . delmar fall hard . Murphy roll over on he , pin he to the mat . murphy you hit hard , but you do not hit smart . rackin watch the fight closely from the side line . delmar headbutt Murphy and flip he off . the two fight on the ground , until Murphy flip back onto he foot and kick at delmar . delmar be take a beat . it 's obvious that Murphy be the better fighter . but delmar have the weight . delmar you want to play ? when Murphy chop at delmar , the brute pluck he hand from the air and throws Murphy over he shoulder to the mat . then pounce on he . Murphy roll away , but delmar grab he and pull he back . delmar I play for keep ... Murphy can not get away . delmar put he elbow to Murphy 's throat and apply pressure .... strangling he . it have become a fight to the death ! Murphy scramble , try to get the brute 's elbow off he throat . he 's turn blue . then the whistle blow , and delmar let up . Murphy gasp for breath while delmar pop to he foot . then delmar reach down and help Murphy up . delmar you be pretty good . ( continued ) 22 . rackin get delmar 's attention , gesture to bring Murphy . rackin handled yourself pretty well . murphy you say something about some money . rackin toss he apple core , wipe he hand , offer it . rackin marty rackin . that 's breen , horman . you have already meet delmar . murphy who pay I ? rackin you do not take shit from anyone . I like that . ( beat ) I will get you a weekend pass on Friday . murphy and my twenty five buck ? rackin the man 's obsessed with money . rackin twist he hand and a twenty dollar bill magically appear in it . he hand it to Murphy . murphy Hell of a trick . rackin I have get a million of they . rackin and he team leave Murphy in the Mat room . ext . camp richard , san diego -- night quiet on the base . a few marine patrol the darkness . int . barracks -- night a room full of sleep Marines . it 's long past light out . Murphy seem to be asleep like the other . his eye open . he carefully sneak out of bed and pull on he pants . while grab he boot , he make a noise . ( continued ) 23 . the marine sleep on the next bunk roll over . waking up ? Murphy stay still for a moment , then continue dress . he pull the pack of burglar equipment from under he bed , and sneak past the sleep Marines to the door . ext . parade ground -- night Murphy stay close to the wall as he sneak across the base to the supply Building . when he round the corner of a building , he almost run into a two man patrol make they round . not enough time to retreat , Murphy duck into a dark doorway . the patrol continue towards he . patrol # 1 check the door . patrolman # 2 shine he flashlight on the door across from Murphy . he palm the knob . lock . Murphy see the flashlight turn he way and hit the dirt . laying on the ground near the door . patrolman # 2 's flashlight he the empty doorway . Murphy have to hold he breath as patrolman # 2 stand only inch away and check the door knob . patrol # 1 all lock ? patrolman # 2 nod . the patrol round the corner . Murphy get out of the dirt and continue sneaking across the base to the supply Building . ext . supply build -- night Murphy use the lock pick from he kit to get in . int . supply build -- night Murphy push the door close and sneak behind the counter . a pencil flash from the kit help he find he way to the computer in the back of the office . ( continued ) 24 . Murphy turn off the flash and boot the computer . the room be suddenly bath in blue light from the monitor . Murphy duck . will the light attract the patrolmen ? time pass . it 's safe . Murphy begin type command into the computer . get a menu of inventory . most recent ... murphy ( sotto ) a week ago . call up the inventory . the screen show blanket , how many before , how many issue , how many at inventory , how many lose , damage , destroy . he scroll down the list , find the list of weapon ... a light flash through the window from outside ! a patrol . Murphy hide behind the counter . ext . supply build -- night the two man patrol shine they flashlight into the doorway . patrol # 1 check the door . patrolman # 2 start towards the door . int . supply build -- night through the window , Murphy can see patrolman # 2 come ... he have leave the door unlock ! Murphy scramble to the door , flick the lock just as ... ext . supply build -- night patrolman # 2 try the door . lock . he move on . int . supply build -- night when they have go , Murphy sneak back to the computer . m249 saw machinegun ..... the number at the beginning and end of the inventory be the same . none be lose or damage . ( continued ) 25 . unaccount for : 0 Murphy check all of the gun .... all be account for . live ammo show many round issue for training exercise . fuller have sign for most of they personally . ext . supply build -- night Murphy sneak out of the building , pick the door lock . when he start sneaking back to the barrack , he hear a noise . talk . a flashlight . the patrol have return ! Murphy hide in the shadow on the far side of the building . patrol # 1 I can not believe fuller leave the damned computer on ... patrolman # 1 flash he light inside the supply Building . the computer be off , the supply Building completely dark . patrol # 1 I must be lose my mind . come on . the patrol leave the area . Murphy come out of the shadow , then notice a small supply shack with dozen of lock and chain protect it . his pen light illuminate the ' address ' : build 48-h. Murphy shut off he flash and sneak back to the barrack . int . barracks -- night Murphy put he burglar kit back under the matress , take off he boot and pants , and climb into bed . ext . camp richard , san diego -- morning reveille sound . Marines go through they morning routine . int . base phone booth -- day Murphy make sure no one be look , dial a number . ( continued ) 26 . murphy General latimer , this be not a secure phone . I be go to make it fast . there be a inventory last week . no weapon miss , but they may have cook the book . ( beat ) yes , sir . Murphy hang up and fall in for breakfast . from across the parade Grounds sgt. breen watch Murphy . wonder what the phone call be about . ext . wood near camp -- day Murphy , rackin and the rest of the Marines on base be dress in full camouflage , helmet , pack , and rifle . newhouse today we will be run the " quigley " course . this be a hard - ass course . have nothing to do with that dopey Tom sellack movie . this course be for real Marines . breen continue to study Murphy . newhouse you will start in this muddy ditch . you will crawl down the ditch , you point man check ahead of he for poisonous snake . horman Poisonous snake ? newhouse that 's right , corporal horman . ( beat ) at the end of the ditch you will run five mile through the wood , climb a forty percent grade , then slide down the other side . Murphy have be through all of this before ... and worse in Desert Storm . he and rackin seem relaxed . newhouse then you will crawl along a length of razor wire while Lieutenant veiller fire a 50 caliber machinegun over ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . newhouse ( cont 'd ) you head . because today be Friday , we will be fire blank . horman look slightly relieved . newhouse when you hear the pistol , start move . newhouse raise he gun and fire . Murphy , rackin , and the Marines hit the dirt , crawl through the muddy ditch , hold they gun up out of the water . newhouse go! go! go! go! go! ext . wood near camp -- day the muddy Marines run through the wood , rifle ready for action . they climb the grade , and slide down the other side . horman get in trouble , and breen have to help he out . Murphy and rackin run with ease . next to each other . almost like a team . both man be natural . ext . machine gun range -- day at the razor wire , a dozen Marines hit the dirt and crawl along the path as sgt. fuller fire a machinegun overhead . newhouse go! go! go! go! go! rackin let Murphy crawl ahead alone . Murphy crawl along the wire , keep he head down . the machinegun fire ... send dirt spraying all around Murphy . they be use live round . murphy shit ! bullet fly right overhead , like that night in Iraq . flash CUT : Murphy in Iraq . bullet and explosion . hanging on to Ted 's hand . Murphy snap out of it and use all of he combat training to stay low and avoid the machinegun fire . he crawl to safety , move to he foot , and spit dirt from he mouth . ( continued ) 28 . rackin give sgt. fuller a glance as he crawl through the fire zone . no bullet come anywhere near he . rackin come to he foot next to Murphy . murphy he 's use live ammo . rackin must be a mistake . murphy I could have be kill . rackin shrug , make a gate pass appear in he hand : magic . rackin then you could probably use a drink . he hand the pass to Murphy , who smile at it . ext . mcbain be bar -- night mcbain 's be a Marine hangout , the way mcp 's in coranado be a navy seal team hangout . flash neon and loud music . int . mcbain be bar -- night cheap pitcher of beer , and lot of attractive woman . Murphy come in with rackin and he team . everyone in the joint greet rackin as if he 's they king . marine ( o.s. ) marty ! it 's the magic man ! marty ! rackin high fives some of the Marines on he way to be bar . delmar lag behind to talk to some of they . whisper conversation . money change hand . gambling ? murphy quite a fan club . rackin they love the magic man . I make all they problem disappear ... with a pitcher of beer . rackin make a $ 5 bill appear and pay for the pitcher . rackin how long you be in the Corps ? ( continued ) 29 . murphy since Storm . I re-up . horman jeeze , you do not want to go home ? murphy could not wait to leave . rackin watch while the other talk with Murphy . delmar why 's that ? murphy spend the rest of my life work at a refinery ? take as much ot as I can so I can pay for my own place , do not have to deal with my stepdad ? ( beat ) I could not wait to enlist . Murphy look at rackin . murphy what about you ? rackin same story , different town . I give up a promise future digging ditch for farm irrigation to join the Corps . everybody laugh . delmar gesture for another pitcher . horman be study some girl across the room . breen be talk with the most beautiful woman in the bar . murphy think breen have a wife squirrele away in off base housing ? delmar breen will get home to she ... eventually . rackin Heard the General want to see you . murphy what big ear you get . rackin I be the magic man . all see , all know . when the pitcher come , rackin make another $ 5 appear . ( continued ) 30 . murphy how tight be newhouse ? rackin what do you mean ? murphy none of we join the Marines for the pay . at lejuene I pick up some spare change buy supplies with the base discount and reselling they . rackin that why you be here ? get catch ? murphy send I here for fight . I be a " trouble maker " . how tight be they with the supplies ? delmar fuller 's a fuck bean counter . you could not get a extra blanket out of he if we have a new ice age . rackin Del 's right . no way that scam would work here . when we field test we rifle , they count the bullet . delmar look like you lose a couple stripe . rackin lose they fight or steal ? Murphy unconsciously touch he dog tag . murphy I be with Force recon in Storm . they send we in to bagdad to scout target . the mission go to hell . five man die ... I be the only one who walk away . rackin they usually give you medal for that . murphy one of the casualty be newhouse 's son . I be the reason he 's dead . ( continued ) 31 . horman jeeze , newhouse must love have you here . murphy one fuckup and I be in Leavenworth . rackin laugh , spot the beautiful woman talk with breen . rackin hey ! sweet Lucille ! want you to meet a guy ... this here 's ron Murphy . lucy wilder be a sexy townie , dress to kill . she squeeze between rackin and Murphy , offer she hand . Murphy smile and give it a shake . murphy Nice to meet you ... lucy you be new . breen be less than happy . he be make time with she . rackin Lucy , here , be the best look gal in all of San D . best dancer , too . why do not you show he a few step ? murphy I be not very ... lucy come on ! she yank Murphy onto the dance floor , and they start dance . rackin turn to breen . rackin they make a nice couple , do not they ? breen say nothing . as rackin and delmar watch they dance , breen and horman head to the restroom . murphy and lucy dance , have a good time . rackin and delmar watch they . rackin what do you think ? ( continued ) 32 . delmar he 's okay . rackin nod in agreement . murphy and lucy dance . when the band play a slow number , they awkwardly move closer together . lucy how long you be at Richards ? murphy couple of week . transferred from North Carolina . lucy get a girl back home ? wife ? murphy Foot loose and fiance free . Lucy laugh and pull he closer . they continue dance close , even after the music change . murphy what about you ? lucy typical townie tale . move to California to get away from my parent . murphy happy ? lucy I have get a job and a apartment . still look for a man who be not completely full of shit . murphy do not look at I . lucy you take a oath to serve , right ? murphy what do you mean by that ? lucy you give you word , and you be keep it . do you know how rare that be ? murphy if I screw up , I get court martial . ( continued ) 33. lucy most people who screw up just walk away . no responsibility . no regret . like they word mean nothing to they . they face be close , and Lucy kiss he . lucy so , you will not lie to I ? lead I on with you sweet talk then dump I ? murphy no . they kiss again , with more passion . then Lucy press away . she look into Murphy 's eye , wonder if she can trust he , wonder if she should take he to bed . lucy look ... I normally do not .... murphy what ? lucy never mind ... let 's just go back to the bar . Murphy nod . they reluctantly release each other . at the bar Murphy flag down the bartender . murphy get this lady whatever she want . ( to Lucy ) I will be back in a minute . Murphy cross to the rest room , glance back at Lucy before he enter . int . bar men' room -- night artie horman lay on the floor in a puddle of he own vomit , twitching with convulsion . it take Murphy a moment to realize that rackin and breen be take care of he . murphy be he okay ? ( continued ) 34 . rackin snap in anger . rackin get out of here ! just go away ! Murphy nod and back out of the bathroom . int . mcbain be bar -- day Murphy sit down next to Lucy . she see he expression . lucy something wrong ? murphy no. nothing . Murphy finish he beer , try to wipe the image from he mind ... horman look like Ted newhouse . after a moment , rackin take a seat next to Murphy . murphy how be he ? rackin he 's fine . look , I be sorry for snap like that . artie have a medical problem . if he do not take the medication , that 's what happen . rackin lower he voice , force Murphy to move closer . rackin he 's afraid if anyone find out , he will get bounce out of the Corps with a medical discharge . ( beat ) can we keep this between ourselves ? murphy yeah . sure . should we take he to a hospital ? rackin he take he medicine . he 's fine . breen and delmar help horman across the room and into a chair . he 's be clean up , but still look awful . eye slightly glaze and a dopey expression on he face . ( High as a kite . ) Lucy regains Murphy 's attention . ( continued ) 35 . lucy want to go to the beach tomorrow ? murphy get to be back on base by midnight . rackin what do we have here ? rackin make a weekend pass appear in he hand . rackin a weekend pass ! good until six am Monday . here : have a good time . rackin hand the pass to Murphy , smile at Lucy . murphy I do not have any money for a motel ... Lucy just grab he by the lapel , lead he out of the bar . breen look at rackin , very unhappy . breen that be my pass . rackin give he a devilish smile , make the car key appear in he hand , give they to breen . rackin come on . we gotta get horman back to the base before he have another big smack attack . ext . lucy apartment -- night a cheap family apartment building . int . lucy apartment -- night Lucy pull Murphy to bed . after they kiss , she study he . lucy you can stay the night , on two condition ... do not ever lie to I . and do not just leave I . Murphy nod , and she pull on top of she . they make love in the moonlight from the window . 36 . int . barracks -- night moonlight through the window , as breen and delmar search Murphy 's bunk and trunk . rackin watch . horman , still look awful , sit on a bunk . they tear the place apart , sifting through everything Murphy own ... at one point breen almost look under the matress , but horman moan . horman jeeze , man . I need another pop ... breen check on horman , and miss look under the matress ... miss Murphy 's burglar kit and secret camera . they finish , and cart horman out of the barrack . ext . saudi arabia -- night war. Murphy pull he hand away from Ted newhouse 's . murphy just hang on , Ted . I will come back with help . ted do not leave I Murph ... please do not leave I here to die ... Ted reach he hand out , as Murphy scramble away . bullet and explosion shatter the night . illuminate the dog tag around Ted 's neck . ted Murphy ! Murphy ! Murphy keep run . explosion flash around he . he hit the dirt as bullet tear up the earth in front of he . almost hit he . dirt spraying . Murphy can barely hear Ted 's voice ... but in that brief moment of silence between explosion , it echoe in the dark . when the gunfire pass , he start run . through the darkness and explosion to the extraction point . a ah-1w cobra helicopter touch down in front of Murphy . a marine inside the chopper gesture for he to jump onboard . ted ( o.s. ) Murphy ! Murphy ! ( continued ) 37 . Murphy take a final look back at where Ted lay die .... and jump into the helicopter . int . lucy apartment -- day Murphy bolt out of the nightmare hold the dog tag . lucy Murphy ? it 's almost six . you would better get go if you want to make it back for reveille . Murphy look at the tag , shake the nightmare away and get out of bed . he give Lucy a kiss , then dress . ext . pay phone in park -- day Murphy check he watch , dial General latimer . int . general latimer' office -- intercut General latimer pick up the phone . his private line . murphy Murphy , here . I may have a lead . latimer miss weapon ? murphy something else . one of the man get sick in a bar a couple of night ago . latimer that 's unusual ? murphy the way the other man act be unusual . I get the feel this guy be have a drug overdose ... maybe a hot load of heroin . latimer the mexican who be murder with vargas be heroin exporter . murphy I be go to follow this kid , see where it lead I . maybe he trade gun for smack . ( continued ) 38 . latimer keep I post . Murphy hang up the pay phone , take another look at he watch , and run to the front gate of the base . ext . camp richard , san diego -- day Murphy show he pass to the gate officer as he jog past . officer you be late . Murphy do not even slow down , he jog to he barrack . int . mat room -- day Murphy watch horman as they break into pair and practice hand to hand combat . newhouse pair up on the mat , I will blow the whistle to start . the marine Murphy be partner with get a tap on the shoulder and be replace by breen . breen hey , Murphy . how be you weekend ? before Murphy can answer , the whistle blow and breen be all over he . slam . hitting . kick . try to kill he . murphy shit , breen . take it down a notch . breen become more savage . Murphy really have to fight . he flip breen onto he back and pin he to the mat . when the whistle blow , breen storm away . Murphy be confuse . ext . parade ground -- day Murphy jog behind horman , keep a eye on he . all of the man run lap around the parade grounds . breen be a few man behind Murphy ... not look happy . 39 . ext . barracks -- day Murphy sneak around a corner and open a dumpster . we can hear the other exercise nearby . Close . Murphy pull out bag of trash , open they , examine the content . one bag contain a stain manila envelope . Murphy look inside : Needles . matchbook burn down . drug evidence . he close the envelope and replace it in the trash . ext . latrine -- day Murphy watch horman , breen , delmar and rackin all leave the bathroom together . he 's suspicious . murphy they piss together ? ext . camp richard , san diego -- night the middle of the night . only sentries . int . barracks -- night Murphy wake when he hear a noise . whisper . he roll over , look for the source . breen have awaken horman , and be wait while he dress . Murphy feign sleep , watch as the two leave . he roll out of bed and look out the barrack window . ext . parade ground -- night breen and horman jump into a pair of wait Humvees drive by delmar and rackin . the two truck pull out . int . barracks -- night Murphy throw on he clothes and run out . ext . camp richard , san diego -- night the two Humvees pass through the gate , wave through by the Gate Officer . then the gate close . Murphy run up to the Gates . ( continued ) 40 . officer you get a pass ? murphy I be suppose to be with they . officer you be not . they be go , you be here . they have a pass , you do not . murphy where they go ? officer you be go to the lock up , if you do not get back to barrack . Murphy see no way to follow the Humvees , tail light disappear in the distance , so he go back to bed . the Gate Officer make a note in he log about Murphy . ext . iron man course -- day Murphy watch rackin and horman with the other Marines , listen to newhouse . newhouse the ironman course be the most difficult exercise on the base . you will be allote two magazine , a total of thirty five round . newhouse gesture to the course : a small field fill with hillock , a few small stone wall , and other obstacle . newhouse there be thirty five pop up target which be trigger by motion sensor plant in the ground . newhouse take a step back and bing ! a target pop up . newhouse be warn : only twenty nine of this target be hostile . the target be a mother hold a child . newhouse a score of twenty five be pass . if you hit sixteen or fewer of the hostile target you will be send back to phase one training . ( continued ) 41 . Murphy watch as delmar join they and whisper to rackin . newhouse Mr. Murphy . you will go first . Murphy be issue two clip from sgt. fuller , slap one into he rifle , enter the course when newhouse start the clock . newhouse go ! Murphy dive into the course , spin and fire as the target pop up . he almost shoot a nun , but manage to hit all of the hostile target and none of the friendly . he exit the course in record time ... Murphy be damned good . newhouse twenty nine out of twenty nine , good time , too . Murphy watch the other move through the course . until one of the Marines get halfway through and yell . voice ( o.s. ) help ! someone help ! everyone run onto the course , trigger the rest of the target . they find the marine on the ground , cradling breen . breen be dead . shot a dozen time . newhouse get a medic ! somebody get a medic ! Murphy and the other look down in horror at breen . but rackin , delmar , and horman do not seem properly concerned . ext . parade ground -- day the marine stand at attention in they dress uniform as General newhouse address they . newhouse sergeant breen be dead on arrival at veteran 's Hospital . ( beat ) I order Lt. veiller to perform a full investigation into this incident . ( beat ) Lieutenant ? ( continued ) 42 . veiller sergeant breen 's death be the result of a training accident . at some point within the ironman exercise he wander onto the course and be shot by friendly fire . probably by more than one participant . ( beat ) no one be to blame for this incident . Murphy look at rackin . then he look at sgt. fuller . newhouse sergeant breen 's widow have be hard hit by this . I think we should all remember she in we prayer . veiller and fuller have a whisper exchange . Murphy see they together : the man who fire live ammo at he , and the man who be cover up breen 's murder . int . newhouse's office -- day veiller show Murphy in . veiller corporal Murphy , sir . veiller try to stick around but Murphy stare at he until he back out . newhouse I be busy , corporal . murphy that be no training accident . newhouse Lieutenant veiller have do a thorough investigation ... be you dispute the decision of a superior officer ? murphy yes , sir . breen do not even run the course that day . I have not even see he since the previous evening ... newhouse cover in veiller 's report . newhouse lift the seal report , look at Murphy . ( continued ) 43. newhouse corporal , this entire conversation border on insubordination . how badly do you want to do jail time ? murphy you be just go to let that man die and do nothing ? newhouse do not answer ... Murphy let he son die . newhouse the report have already be file with marcent . it 's be classified as a training accident . ( beat ) do you really want to open up the past ? break the seal on old report ? ( threaten ) because I do not recommend it . murphy yes , sir . Murphy salute and leave the general 's office . int . veiller' office -- day Lt. veiller watch Murphy pass through he office on the way out ... then pick up the phone and dial . ext . parade ground -- day Murphy walk across the base , lose in think . then he spot horman look around before ducking in to the latrine . he decide to follow . int . latrine -- day darkness . Murphy try to switch on the light , do not work . murphy artie ? wham ! he 's throw against the wall by a assailant . when the assailant try to pin he there , Murphy go into action . Murphy twist , toss the assailant across the dark bathroom . ( continued ) 44 . but the assailant seem to attack immediately . slam Murphy against the wall again . Murphy be fight three guy , not one . he duck a punch , kick the leg out from one of they , and fight the other two . Murphy fight like hell , but there 's no way to win against three opponent . he end up pin against the wall . a knife jambe against he throat . rackin let 's see what we have get . the light flicker on . rackin calmly eat a apple . horman at the breaker panel . delmar hold Murphy against the wall , the knife at he throat . rackin look , guy , it 's corporal Murphy . ( to Murphy ) so , what bring you here ? murphy want to talk to horman ... rackin the way you talk to General newhouse ? rackin smile at Murphy 's reaction . rackin I be the magic man . all see , all know . I can make you disappear . ( beat ) but would not you rather tell I about you little chat with the General ? murphy I think breen get a raw deal ... rackin breen get the deal of a lifetime . right guy ? he will be bury a hero , and in a couple of month he wife can sue the Corps ... ( smile ) you want to be bury a hero ? murphy be you threaten I ? rackin do you believe in magic ? ( continued ) 45 . murphy only in a young girl 's heart ... and I be not even sure about that . rackin why would you really want to talk to artie ? delmar press the knife blade against he throat . murphy you guy be run some sort of scam . I do not know what . I be just look to cut myself in . rackin you know , Murphy , I read you file . I have a friend in the General 's Office . you be a real disgrace to the uniform , be not you ? interesting stuff . a good read . I give it four star . what do you say , artie ? horman Three star . but I like the part where he kill the General 's son . rackin want to know how it end ? the knife draw a little blood on Murphy 's throat . murphy sure . delmar do we cut he in ? or cut he out ? rackin Hell , he 's go to end up in jail one way or the other . we might as well help he . delmar pull the blade away from Murphy 's throat . face inch apart , delmar study Murphy 's eye . delmar can we trust he ? rackin that 's what we be about to find out . corporal horman , requisition a helicopter for tonight . ( continued ) 46 . horman yes , sir . horman salute and leave . delmar continue to hold he against the wall , knife ready . murphy a helicopter ? rackin just a little test of trust . nothing to worry about . you will either pass ... or fail . ext . parade ground -- night the ah -1w cobra attack helicopter scatter leaf as it wait for horman , rackin , and Murphy to climb aboard . delmar be in the cockpit . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night when all be onboard , delmar lift the cobra into the air , fly high over the city to a stretch of nearby desert . no light below ... only barren darkness . rackin open the side door of the helicopter . wind rush in . he stand , look out at the ground far below . rackin be the charismatic descendent of the tent preacher . when he speak , you believe . rackin we be the fuck Marines , Murphy . we be the best there be . be you ready to travel to the next level ? be you ready to become one of the true elite ? only the strong survive . be you strong enough ? murphy what do you want ? rackin a simple test of trust . rackin grab Murphy 's wrist tightly . rackin take my hand . a moment of hesitation , then Murphy grab rackin 's wrist in a fireman 's grip . holding on to each other 's wrist . ( continued ) 47 . rackin trust in I to hold you . trust in yourself not to let go . rackin back Murphy to the open helicopter door . horman and delmar watch , as if it 's a baptism ... maybe it be . Murphy know it 's come . delmar tilt the chopper , Murphy fall out the open door . hanging on to rackin . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night Murphy dangle out the helicopter door , hold onto rackin for dear life . they hold tight to each other , as Murphy try not to look at the ground a few hundred foot below . rackin this be what trust be all about . it come from the heart . you have to believe in I . believe I will not drop you . believe I know what 's best for you . trust in I . Murphy hold on as the helicopter continue move . the ground , far below . they hang on to each other . rackin if I let go of you , you be dead . you have to believe in the magic man . do you believe ? murphy I believe . rackin louder . murphy I believe ! rackin laugh . rackin beautiful night for just hang out , be not it ? Murphy hold on , feel he grip loosen . murphy you just go to leave I hang like this ? ( continued ) 48 . rackin afraid I will drop you ? murphy it 's cold out here . do not know we be go to be play outside . rackin laugh and haul Murphy up . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night Murphy climb into the helicopter , rackin close the door . rackin welcome aboard . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night the helicopter turn around and zoom back to San Diego . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night Murphy sit with rackin and horman in the back of the helicopter while delmar chauffer they back to the base . rackin let I tell you about my band of merry Men . it all start with graffiti . this gang kid be spray painting they name all over the neighborhood . then the drug dealer move in . ( beat ) piss I off . I think : somebody should do something about that . ( beat ) then I realize I be a fuck United States Marine . I have the power , a God give right , to stop this scumbag . rackin be so charismatic , Murphy do not even notice he take out a heroin kit and prepare to shoot up . rackin so I organize a little Midnight raid . I have a guy in newhouse 's Office who help I requisition equipment . gun , humvee , whatever I need . same guy that get you that weekend pass . ( beat ) we start clean up the street . ( more ) ( continued ) 49 . rackin ( cont 'd ) knock off drug dealer . take the money and the drug . who be go to stop we ? Murphy nod . horman tie off , heat and mix . rackin you know how much money that scumbag make ? million . and the junky just keep on come . ( beat ) at first we throw the drug away . then we realize how much they be worth . how much the junky need they fix . we start deal ... ( look at horman ) and use . now we have take over . Murphy notice horman shoot up , get that first big rush of calm . smiling blissfully as he unty . horman jeeze , my headache 's go . thanks to aspirin free smack .... rackin laugh , pull out he own kit , prepare to shoot up . rackin I know you be one of we , Murphy . Murphy smile . be he ? rackin from the moment I read you file . rackin shoot up , feel the rush , smile at Murphy . rackin you and I be so much alike . Hell , we could be brother . murphy Brothers . rackin right . we even have the same initial . notice that ? ( beat ) marty L. rackin and ron L. Murphy . what do you L stand for ? murphy leroy . ( continued ) 50 . rackin just laugh . Murphy be surround by junky . be this where he belong ? be he really one of they ? ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night the helicopter land back at base , and everyone file out . ext . parade ground -- day rackin clap a hand to Murphy 's shoulder and make a weekend pass appear in he hand . rackin weekend pass . get out of here and enjoy yourself , okay ? you earn it . murphy thanks . rackin hey . we be all in this together . murphy right . Murphy take the pass from rackin , get in deeper . ext . pay phone in park -- evening Murphy dial General latimer 's private line . int . general latimer' office -- intercut latimer latimer here . murphy Sir , it 's not just steal weapon . latimer go on . murphy it 's a organize gang on the base . running drug , kill anybody who get in they way . one of the guy , Rick breen , get kill on some midnight raid against a rival drug ring and they cover it all up ... ( continued ) 51 . latimer Murphy ... murphy the guy have a wife , General . some poor woman who think she husband die in a training accident . latimer who run this gang ? murphy guy name marty rackin . a real bad ass . call himself the magic man . he run it like a cult ... latimer get next to he , join if you can . Murphy notice horman in the park . walk towards he . murphy I be one of they . latimer find out everything you can , and ... horman spot Murphy and come right up to the phone booth . murphy gotta go . he hang up quickly , smile at horman . horman who you talk to ? murphy girl I be see , Lucy . just make sure she husband be not home . horman laugh . horman we be gonna be down at mcbride if you two want to stop by . murphy maybe we will do that . horman hey , man , glad to have you on board . Murphy nod , and they go they separate way . 52 . ext . CITY street -- night horman wait until Murphy be a block away before follow . keeping a block between they , horman follow Murphy across to Lucy 's apartment Building . horman watch as Murphy ring the bell . when Lucy open the door and they embrace , horman turn and leave . int . lucy apartment -- night Lucy roll off of Murphy , and they lay in bed together . her finger stroke he chest , almost touch the dog tag . lucy why do you have three ? murphy it 's personal . lucy keeping secret already ? murphy ( beat ) I be the only survivor from a Marine recon team in Desert Storm . the third tag be from a guy who get leave behind . lucy should not he family get it ? murphy yeah . someday I will give it to they . lucy must be tough to be stick on base all week . you have any friend on base , guy you hang out with ? murphy I be pretty much a loner . the new guy . lucy what about marty ? murphy we just go out for beer once . we be not go steady or anything . lucy I think he be everybody 's friend . ( continued ) 53. murphy I have get nothing against the guy . what 's with all the question ? lucy I like to know who I let inside I . you do not tell I much on you own . murphy okay . ask I anything , I will not lie . lucy why would they send you out to San Diego ? murphy drink and fight . lucy you do not drink much . murphy see ? it work . Lucy laugh , and roll back on top of he . they make love in the moonlight . Murphy feel like a lie rat . int . lucy apartment -- day Lucy on the bed hold a frame photo . we can not see the picture . Murphy come from the bathroom , look at he watch . murphy I have get to get back to the base . lucy see you next week ? murphy sure . when the apartment door close behind Murphy , Lucy move to the phone and dial . lucy he 's good . I try to get he to talk , but he would not say a thing . he act like a boy scout . rackin ( v.o. ) so we can trust he ? lucy yes . ( continued ) 54 . Lucy hang up the phone , look at the photo in she hand . a wedding picture . Lucy and breen . ext . pay phone in park -- day rackin hang up and turn to delmar and horman . rackin he do not say a thing . delmar so Wednesday 's a go ? rackin let 's see how he work out under fire . horman , requisition we some gun . horman yes , sir . they start across the park to the base . ext . camp richard , san diego -- night the camp be asleep except for the guard on patrol . int . barracks -- night Murphy be have a nightmare . ext . saudi arabia -- night a ah-1w cobra helicopter touch down in front of Murphy . a marine inside the chopper gesture for he to jump onboard . ted ( o.s. ) Murphy ! Murphy ! Murphy take a final look back at where Ted lay die .... and jump into the helicopter . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night Murphy grab the officer , yell . murphy we can not leave ! I have get a wounded man back there ! ( continued ) 55 . officer order be to pull out ! murphy we can not just leave he to die ! officer the General 's order be clear : pick up survivor and get out of here ! Murphy pull he gun , aim it at the Officer 's face . murphy fuck the General . we go back to pick he up or not ? officer I be not risk my man or my craft . murphy I can not do it myself ... the Officer turn to the pilot and gesture to lift off . ext . saudi arabia -- night the helicopter begin to lift and fly away . Ted newhouse scream in the darkness . ted ( o.s. ) Murphy ! Murphy ! int . barracks -- night horman Murphy ? horman wake Murphy up . horman come on . Murphy dress quickly and follow horman out of the barrack . ext . camp richard , san diego -- night Murphy sit in the humvee with delmar behind the humvee with horman and rackin . rackin show he pass to the Officer . the two Humvees pass through the gate , wave through by the Gate Officer . then the gate close . 56 . ext . lucky store parking lot -- night the bad part of town near the freeway onramp . both Humvees park under a overhead light . the team gather around the hood of one of the vehicle , where plan be make . rackin this mexican have be try to form a beachhead in we territory for the past few month . it 's time to teach they the power of the United States Marines . rackin pull out a series of satellite photo of a ranch style house , spread they on the hood . rackin as you can see from we spy in the sky satellite photo ... murphy where would you get that ? rackin classify . delmar laugh . rackin we requisition the photo and the CIA take they for we . they have not get a clue what we be use they for . horman jeeze , can we get to the fun part ? rackin Three entrance . Front door , back door , and garage . if we park one of the hummer in front of the garage , we can seal that exit . ( to Murphy ) Murphy , you and delmar will enter through the back . look like slide glass door , so be careful . ( to horman ) artie and I will take the front door . murphy we talk cocaine , here , or smack ? rackin it 's a meth lab , so be careful . ( continued ) 57 . delmar muy peligroso . could blow up in we face if we be not careful . gun and grease paint be hand out , and the man get ready for battle . Murphy check the action on he saw machinegun . rackin no escape . if one of they get away , they can call for back up . do not want to have to fight we way back to the base . horman how many you think be in there ? rackin no more than a dozen . when everyone be in they camouflage , rackin check the action on he gun and smile at the team . rackin ready to rumble ? delmar let 's go . the wild bunch climb into they Humvees and zip away . ext . run down house -- night quiet . a two storey ranch style house off the main road . suddenly one of the Humvees pull into the driveway , block the door . horman and rackin roll out , gun ready . they crash open the front door and enter in standard two by two cover formation . like a drug bust . at the back door Murphy and delmar hear the front door break open and blast through the slide glass door , enter the house . int . run down house -- night delmar signal rackin and horman in the front room , look through the cafe door at the kitchen . to he right be a archway lead to the downstairs bedroom . all be quiet . delmar move towards the archway , saw machinegun ready . ( continued ) 58 . suddenly a huge gang banger with a army issue 45 automatic slam through the cafe door and begin fire at he . delmar spin , level the machinegun , and blast the gang banger , hit he in the center of the chest and throw he back through the cafe door and into the kitchen sink . the cafe door swing back and forth from the momentum . a moment of silence , then all hell break lose . a giant " Wild bunch " style shoot out . gang banger # 2 spring from the hallway , aim a shotgun at Murphy . Murphy blast he off he foot . in the live room a pair of gang banger pop up at the top of the stair , fire down on horman and rackin . rackin blast one with he machinegun , horman blast the other with he combat shotgun . one of the pair fall over the stairway bannister , smash a table on he way to the floor . rackin and horman cover each other as they climb the stair . stop at the top step to recon the upstairs hallway . in the downstair hallway Three bedroom door to delmar 's leave . holding tightly to the m249 saw , he move up to the first one and kick it open . in the first bedroom delmar drop low , machinegun ready . his eye scan the interior of the bedroom . the room be empty . delmar back slowly out of the room . in the hallway delmar hear a noise behind he and spin , ready to fire . Murphy stand behind he , hold he machinegun ready . he gesture down the hallway , and they creep forward in two by two cover formation . in the upstair hallway horman edge down to a bedroom door , shotgun ready . rackin cover as he take a deep breath and kick down the door , spring inside with the shotgun . 59 . in the bedroom gang banger 5 be ready with a 44 Magnum in each hand . he open fire the minute he see horman . horman fire the shotgun once at gang banger 5 , miss he and smash a full length mirror on the wall to piece . horman roll into the hallway , away from the gunfire . rackin swing in , spray gang banger # 5 with machinegun fire . in the downstair hallway delmar pull out of the line of fire as gang banger # 6 roll out of a doorway , blast with a pair of 45 automatics . gang banger 7 spin out of the first bedroom hold a double barrel shotgun . he aim directly at delmar , ready to fire . Murphy spin around and fire . Hit gang banger 7 in the shoulder , spin he to the leave in a graceful pirouette , which end with the shotgun discharge into the ceiling . delmar blast gang banger # 6 after a exchange of gunfire . in the upstair hallway gang banger # 8 roll out of the second bedroom and fire she machinegun at rackin . plaster explode from the wall next to he head , shower he with powder , add to the light diffusion in the hall . rackin spin around and fire at gang banger 8 , hit she square in the chest . she fly back and skid along the uncarpete floor towards the end of the hallway . in the downstair hallway delmar cover Murphy as he kick open a bedroom door and roll inside , gun ready . in the bedroom a noise behind Murphy ! he spin , aim he m249 machinegun . at a cry baby in a crib . Murphy realize where he be and what he be do and lower he machinegun . he be kill civilian . gang banger # 9 , a sexy latino woman , crash out of the closet , shotgun aim at Murphy 's head . blaaaaam ! ( continued ) 60 . Murphy , gun down , have no way to defend himself . no way to return fire . he let he guard down , and pay the price . gang banger # 9' blood spray all over he , as she be take out by delmar 's machinegun . delmar you could have be kill . murphy the baby ... delmar nod , kill the baby . Murphy try not to vomit . delmar what baby ? delmar sweep through the rest of the room : all clear . in the downstair hallway delmar exit the bedroom , yell . delmar downstair ! all clear ! in the upstair hallway from the end of the hall , trivas ( lead gang banger ) , roll into the hallway , spring to he foot , and fire he uzi at horman and rackin . bullet whiz past the pair as horman reaim the shotgun and squeeze the trigger . the shot miss , knock a hole in the wall . a few pellet hit trivas in the shoulder , dot of red on he white shirt . trivas lower he uzi , roll into the last bedroom to escape . horman and rackin bolt down the hallway after he . in the last bedroom horman and rackin find the meth lab ... plus trivas and a pair of gang banger . rackin throw the gun down , and you can live . trivas you know who you be mess with ? ( continued ) 61 . rackin do you ? trivas when they find out what you have do , there 's gonna be a war . rackin ( laugh ) how many tank do you gang banger have ? how many helicopter ? how many rocket launcher ? ( beat ) you day be do , and mine have just begin ... it 's almost a fast draw contest , but trivas be too slow . rackin and horman blast trivas and the two gang banger . horman upstair be clear ! in the dine room Murphy and delmar hear horman 's yell ... then a female gang banger roll out of a closet , fire a couple of shot at Murphy and delmar , and take off out the back door . delmar get she ! Murphy roll to he foot and take off after she . ext . run down house -- night the female gang banger run out the back door , spin when she hear Murphy follow and fire . Murphy hit the dirt . when he come up , the female gang banger have hop onto a motorcycle , and be tear away . Murphy chase she to the street . she 's get away . Murphy raise he m249 saw .... but hesitates . can he shoot she in the back as she 's run ? no . delmar scramble out the front door , see she escape on the motorcycle . Murphy not fire . delmar she 's get away ! ( continued ) 62. Murphy do not fire . delmar raise he machinegun , realize she 's out of range . Way down the street . he pump the m203 40 mm grenade launcher attach to the underside of the saw . fire . blaaaam ! the grenade shoot down the street after the speed motorcycle , landing close by and exploding into a ball of flame which take out the cycle and female gang banger . delmar what 's you problem ? murphy she be out of range . delmar you do not even try . delmar turn and go back inside . int . humvee -- night the last of the drug and money be load into the two Humvees , and they get ready to roll . Murphy start to climb in with delmar . delmar you be riding with horman . murphy sure . Murphy climb into the humvee horman be drive . rackin climb into delmar 's humvee . both vehicle roar out of there , pass the burn mess of motorcycle . int . humvee -- night Murphy look at the burn motorcycle , then back down at he hand . be this the hand of a killer ? int . humvee -- night delmar and rackin talk about Murphy . delmar he just froze up . could not fire . ( continued ) 63. rackin his first time out , he 's bound to make a few mistake . remember artie 's first time ? delmar I think it 's more than that . I know you two have become pal , now ... but what if Murphy be not who he claim ? rackin what do you mean ? delmar what if he 's a snitch ? rackin you see he record . you know the way newhouse be dogging he . the guy 's one of we . delmar I think we should kill he . why take chance ? rackin look , Del , we have get ourselves a war brewing , here . we need every man we can get . ( beat ) Murphy 's a good man . I be willing to excuse he open night jitter . give the man a break . ( beat ) too soon for another training accident , anyway . delmar you be the boss , boss . delmar will give Murphy a break . this time . ext . camp richard , san diego -- night the Gate Officer open the gate and wave the two Humvees through . he close the gate behind they . the two Humvees cross the base and pull up in front of one of the supply shack ... Building # 48-h . the one with ton of extra padlock and security measure . 64 . ext . build 48-h -- night rackin unlock the building with a set of key wear on the same neck chain as he dog tag . he open the door . int . build 48-h -- night Murphy can not believe what 's inside : not just a stash of drug , but ton on drug , plus stack of money seal in plastic . rackin be not some small time drug dealer , he 's a drug lord . rackin unload the hummer and get this gun back to the supply room . delmar , horman , and Murphy unload . rackin shoot up . horman I will take care of the gun . rackin nod ... and enter the land of nod . ext . build 48-h -- night when the Humvees be empty , delmar toss Murphy key . delmar you take one , I will take the other . Murphy and delmar climb into the Humvees and drive they back to the motor pool building . rackin relock the building . int . barracks -- night Murphy take off he clothes quietly and climb into he bunk . around he , a dozen man sleep . Murphy hear the baby cry every time he start to nod off . can not sleep . ext . camp richard , san diego -- day reveille sound . Marines go through they morning routine . int . supply build -- day Murphy wait until fuller be alone before enter . he make a bee line to the ledger , pull it away from fuller and flipping page . fuller try to wrestle it away . ( continued ) 65 . fuller hey ! wait a minute ! murphy who sign out for the two Humvees and the weaponry last night ? fuller what be you talk about ? murphy two Humvees leave the base last night . the milage have to be record , right ? fuller no vehicle leave the base last night . murphy I be riding in one of they . have a m249 squad Automatic in my hand . spare clip . fuller yank the ledger out of he hand . fuller I do not know what you be talk about , corporal , but it sound like a Court martial offence . murphy you be right . you go to tell I , or General newhouse ? fuller I have nothing to tell ... murphy see you in the General 's office . Murphy start to leave . fuller Murphy . do not open this can of worm . it will all blow up in you face . Murphy continue out . fuller look desperate . fuller okay . but not here . Murphy stop , turn . ( continued ) 66 . fuller someplace private . the ironman Range . four be . murphy if you be not there , I will make sure you be next in line for Leavenworth . Murphy leave . fuller look very nervous . int . barracks -- night Marines sleep ... except for Murphy , who quietly roll out of bed and dress in the darkness . Murphy check the action on he beretta m9/92f combat pistol , grab a extra magazine . ready for action in the event this be a trap . Murphy look at horman 's bunk : occupy . blanket pull up . then he quietly sneak out of the barrack to meet fuller . ext . iron man course -- night shadows and more shadow . Murphy creep onto the course , hand on he holster gun . murphy fuller ? fuller ? search for fuller , wonder if he 's be set up . he hear a noise in the darkness , spin , gun draw . nobody . just the hillock , stone wall , obstacle . all surreal in the shadow . murphy fuller ? another noise . Murphy spin leave . a gun jamb into the back of he head from the right . murphy take it easy . no accident 's okay ? fuller Drop the gun . Murphy drop the gun , hold up he hand . will fuller shot he ? ( continued ) 67 . fuller you tell anyone you be come ? murphy rackin would kill I . fuller laugh . fuller he 's gonna get we all kill . he 's go crazy ... jump without a chute . Murphy turn to face fuller . hand still up . fuller at first it be some gun and a storage building . he have sign requisition form , so it be okay . but now it 's get out of control . murphy what be you talk about ? fuller he 's expand . ship merchandise to all of the basis in the United States . military transport . nobody question what 's inside the box . murphy all of the basis ? fuller Marines , Army , navy , and National Guard . and next week ... murphy what ? fuller when they take the amphibious assault vehicle , rocket launcher , and light artillery on manuever next week ... ( beat ) they will really be knock over a mexican drug lord and haul all the drug back onto base . murphy he will get catch . ( continued ) 68. fuller no chance of Coast Guard intervention , no custom search . this be Marine vehicle on exercise . murphy who sign the requisition form ? fuller I have tell you too much already . murphy how far we do it go ? fuller look around . they be alone in the darkness . fuller okay ... blam ! fuller be hit by sniper fire and go down . Murphy hurl himself to the ground as bullet fly overhead , hit a low stone wall nearby . he find he fall pistol and begin crawl to where fuller lay die . blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! bullet fly from three different direction , blast dirt . send shower of earth over Murphy . Murphy get to fuller . blood pump from he chest . murphy how far up do it go ? fuller veiller .... then fuller die . Murphy look at fuller 's corpse . flashcut : Murphy and Ted in Saudi Arabia . suddenly , a barrage of machinegun fire from the sniper rip into the earth around Murphy . Murphy scramble away . on the run . ext . iron man course -- night a sniper dress in camouflage and night vision goggle , watch Murphy scramble away from fuller 's corpse . the sniper send a burt of machinegun fire at Murphy . ( continued ) 69 . night vision : Murphy scramble deeper into the Iron man course , try to escape the sniper 's gunfire . ext . iron man course -- night Murphy be chase by machinegun fire . bing ! a target pop up to he leave ! Murphy spin and fire at the pop up target . bullet continue to chase he through the darkness . he keep low as he run , eye search for some sign of the sniper . bing ! a target pop up to he right ! Murphy spin and fire . his foot hit another trigger . bing ! a target pop up behind he ! Murphy spin and fire ... then the target be hit by sniper fire . torn to shred . Murphy hit the dirt , roll , pop to he foot and run deeper into the Iron man course . chase by gun fire . the machinegun fire stop . Murphy be surround by noise and echoe . people move . fuzzy sound of radio transmission between the sniper . Murphy take a step back . bing ! bing ! a target pop up on either side of he . he twist and fire , hit both of the target with head shot . and give away he position to the sniper . machinegun fire chase Murphy through the course . Murphy run around obstacle , over hillock , jump stone wall , trigger target and blow they away . wasting bullet on cardboard man . bing ! a target pop up behind Murphy , he spin and fire ... click ! out of shell . echoes of laughter before the machinegun fire begin , force Murphy to dive behind a crumble stone wall . bullet pepper the wall , send plaster dust into the air like fog . ( continued ) 70 . Murphy eject one magazine and ram in a fresh one . Fifteen shell . the machinegun fire stop . strange silence . footstep ? rustling ? ext . iron man course -- night two sniper in camouflage and night vision goggle , look like something out of a 5as sci-fi film , search through the course for Murphy . a third sniper search in a different area of the course . ext . iron man course -- night Murphy hear radio fuzz , echoe of word . footstep get closer . Murphy crawl to the end of the stone wall . spot a wood fence a hundred foot away . make a break for it . bing ! a target pop up . Murphy spin ... do not fire . bing ! bing ! bing ! he triggers three more target but hold he fire . the target look at he . mute. cardboard . weird . Murphy make it to the wood fence . catch he breath . listen to the radio fuzz , the echoed word . footstep . the next bit of cover : another low stone wall . Murphy roll from behind the wood fence and start run . bing ! two target pop up on either side of Murphy . he aim at the one on the leave , hold he fire ... then notice the other target be moving ! it 's one of the sniper bring up he machinegun ! Murphy hit the dirt . machinegun fire flare all around he . he roll to he foot , blast a couple of shot at the sniper . the sniper send a stream of machinegun fire at Murphy . Murphy dive behind the low stone wall . bullet rip into it . ( continued ) 71 . Murphy and the sniper trade gunfire over the wall . but Murphy be run out of ammo . light from over the hillock behind he : the base . too far to run . the sniper would turn he into hamburger . Murphy lay behind the wall , listen to the sniper approach . no escape . the sniper move closer to the stone wall . night vision : can not see Murphy . look all around the wall . maybe he wiggle away . murphy notice a target lay flat two dozen foot away . he search the ground for the trigger . spot it near the target . gun in one hand , he grab a loose stone and aim at the trigger mechanism . the sniper creep closer . murphy throw the rock , roll to he foot , start run . the rock hit the trigger . bing ! the target pop up behind the sniper . the sniper spin and fire , blast the cardboard soldier to piece with a blast from he machine gun . by the time he realize it 's a decoy and turn back around , Murphy be long go . murphy run down the hillock to the bright light of the base , gun ready for action . but he make it out of the Iron man course before the sniper can target he . ext . parade ground -- night the General quarter alarm be sounding , and the base be up and awake . Marines be confuse by the gunfire . as Murphy cross the base , marine yell at each other : marine where 's the shoot ? be we under attack ? what 's go on ? Murphy holster he gun , run to the front gate , hope to get off the base alive before the sniper catch up with he . 72 . ext . camp richard , san diego -- night Murphy can see the phone booth in the park across the street . at the front gate Murphy gesture to the Gate Officer . murphy I have to get off the base . officer get a gate pass ? murphy this be a emergency . officer we be in the middle of a General quarter alarm . a complete lockdown . we have have report of gunfire on the base . maybe some terrorist thing . murphy I have get to get out of here . officer no pass . no exit . Murphy take another look at the phone booth in the park . Light on , door open . wait for he . so close . Murphy look at he holster gun . get ready to draw it . a pair of marine guard jog up to fortify the front gate . Murphy take he hand away from he gun . officer you will have to get General newhouse 's write permission to leave the base until the gq alert be over . murphy thanks . Murphy be trap on the base with the three sniper . he turn back to the barrack , and the base 's pay phone . ext . base phone booth -- night Murphy make sure rackin , delmar , and horman be not around . 73 . int . base phone booth -- night Murphy dial General latimer 's private number . int . general latimer' bedroom -- intercut the phone wake General latimer up . latimer latimer . murphy it 's Murphy ... latimer what time be it ? murphy almost five , sir . there 's be some trouble on the base . latimer what kind of trouble ? murphy they have kill the supply sergeant , fuller . they be try to kill I . latimer this gang ? murphy it 's bigger than that . they be expand to other basis . they have get a full scale military assault on some mexican drug lord next week ... latimer what do you mean : military assault ? murphy they have someone in the General 's office who can requisition artillery for they . lave , Bradley tank , aaav , everything . latimer be any senior officer involved ? murphy I believe Lt. veiller be one of they . ( beat ) Sir , I would like to take this guy down . ( continued ) 74 . latimer I send you in there to prevent a scandal , not start one . ( beat ) the best way to handle this be to quietly transfer this bad apple to other basis . break up the gang . then have they dishonorably discharge . murphy Sir , I be in this up to my eyeball . latimer just back down . stop you investigation . do not make any wave with General newhouse . and whatever you do , do not use my name or call on this line again ... murphy Sir , you can not just leave I hang like this . click . dial tone . latimer have hang up on he . Murphy stand in the phone booth for a moment . alone . murphy Lucy ... he quickly dial she number . int . lucy apartment -- night the phone ring in the empty apartment . the bed be still make . Lucy be go . ext . base phone booth -- night Murphy hang up . then he notice horman stand on the opposite side of the parade Grounds watch he . horman lift a walkie talkie . speak into it . Murphy check the magazine of he gun . a handful of shell . ext . parade ground -- night Murphy make a break for it : racing out of the phone booth to a group of building . stay in the shadow , hope to elude horman and the other . 75 . ext . supply build -- night Murphy have not bring he burglar tool . he try to pick the lock with he pocket knife , get nowhere . murphy shit . Murphy kick open the door , enter the supply building . int . supply build -- night Murphy start grab weapon . ammo clip for he beretta , a huge jungle knife , some grenade , a m249 saw with a m203 40 mm grenade launcher . gearing up for full scale war . Murphy put on a flack jacket with pocket and D ring for the weapon and equipment . he check the action on all of the gun . satisfied , he get ready to take on the entire base if necessary . ext . supply build -- night Murphy step out of the supply Building ... into a ambush . rackin be on one side of the door , horman the other . both aim m249 saw machinegun at he . rackin Drop the saw , Murphy . when horman nudge he with the barrel of he machinegun , Murphy comply . he still have he other weapon . rackin come on . let 's go for a ride . murphy no thanks . the ah - 1 cobra helicopter land in front of they . Murphy see Lucy in the cockpit , tie up . delmar have a gun to she head . rackin bring you friend . think you would be happy to see she . let 's go . Murphy go to the helicopter . 76 . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night Murphy , rackin , and horman climb into the helicopter . when all be onboard , delmar lift the cobra into the air , fly high over the city to a stretch of desert . Dawn begin to break behind the helicopter . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning Murphy lean forward to talk with Lucy . murphy be you okay ? lucy of course . rackin laugh . rackin we would not hurt Lucy . she 's one of we . sergeant breen 's widow . I think you know ? ( beat ) Lucy ? you get some ' splain to do ! Murphy be shocked . look at Lucy . lucy Magic be stronger than trust . stronger than everything . Lucy touch rackin 's face . rackin smile at she . Murphy be completely betrayed . completely alone . rackin you have no one to turn to . we be you family . we be the one you can trust . but can we trust you ? rackin open the side door of the helicopter . wind rush in . he stand , look out at the ground far below . rackin we be the fuck Marines , Murphy . we be the best there be . only the strong survive . be you strong enough ? murphy what do you want ? ( continued ) 77 . rackin can I trust you , Murphy ? rackin grab Murphy 's wrist tightly . rackin you be like a brother to I ... but be you cain ? a moment of hesitation , then Murphy grab rackin 's wrist in a fireman 's grip . holding on to each other 's wrist . rackin or able to hold on ? rackin back Murphy to the open helicopter door . delmar tilt the chopper , Murphy fall out the open door . hanging on to rackin . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning Murphy dangle out the helicopter door , hold onto rackin for dear life . they hold tight to each other , as Murphy try not to look at the ground a few hundred foot below . rackin this be what trust be all about . it come from the heart . you have to believe in I . believe I will not drop you . believe I know what 's best for you . trust in I . Murphy hold on as the helicopter continue move . the ground , far below . they hang on to each other . rackin you have a choice : keep quiet and live , or let go and die . Murphy hold on , feel he grip loosen . rackin you be on the ground floor , Murphy . we be expand we operation . take over all of the drug business on the West Coast . ( beat ) no one can stop we ! we be the fuck marine ! we have tank ! chopper ! harrier jet ! rocket launcher ! amphibious assault vehicle ! ( beat ) we be a army . ( continued ) 78 . murphy you be crazy . rackin laugh and let go of Murphy 's wrist . Murphy hang on for he life . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning rackin turn to delmar . rackin take we back to the base . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning Murphy hang on for dear life as the helicopter turn around , head back over the city to the base . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night Saudi Arabia . Desert Storm . officer the General 's order be clear : pick up survivor and get out of here ! Murphy pull he gun , aim it at the Officer 's face . murphy fuck the General . we go back to pick he up or not ? officer I be not risk my man or my craft . murphy I can not do it myself ... the Officer turn to the pilot and gesture to lift off . ext . saudi arabia -- night the helicopter begin to lift and fly away . Ted newhouse scream in the darkness . ted ( o.s. ) Murphy ! Murphy ! 79 . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night Murphy jamb he gun into the Officer 's face . murphy fuck the General . you be fly back . officer wrong . get yourself Court martialed if you want . I will give you five minute . then we be out of here . Murphy nod , holster he gun , jump out of the chopper . ext . saudi arabia -- night Murphy run through the gunfire and explosion to where Ted newhouse lay ... still alive . ted Murphy ... murphy I be get you out of here . Murphy hoist Ted newhouse onto he shoulder and drag / carry he through the battle field . explosion right and leave . Ted be heavy , slow Murphy down . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night a voice on the Officer 's radio . voice ( v.o. ) cobra Zero Seven , what be you status ? officer wait at extraction point Alpha . voice ( v.o. ) what 's you hold up ? officer gunnery sergeant Murphy ask we to wait five minute for he . voice ( v.o. ) you take order from gunnery sergeant , Mr. mainwar ? officer no , sir , but he say ... ( continued ) 80 . voice ( v.o. ) I give the order . return to base immediately . the Officer turn to the Pilot . officer you hear the man . ( beat ) let 's get out of here . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night the helicopter lift off ... just as Murphy and Ted enter the clear . the helicopter leave they behind . behind enemy line . murphy nooooooooooooo ! the helicopter zoom away in the darkness . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning Murphy hang on to rackin 's wrist . murphy nooooooooooooo ! he pull himself inside the helicopter , use rackin 's arm like a rope , and the chopper strut as a step . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning Murphy climb into the helicopter . rackin welcome aboard . rackin slam a fist into Murphy 's face . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning the helicopter zoom back to San Diego and the base . 81 . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning rackin draw he side arm , and Murphy knock it from he hand . rackin slam Murphy in the face again . horman enter the fight , slamm Murphy with both fist . Murphy fight horman and rackin in the helicopter , try to stay away from the open door ... and a fall to the city below . a savage hand to hand fight . kick , hit , gouging . rackin could have be one of we , Murphy . rackin knock he to the open door . Murphy almost fall out ! catch the edge of the door , hang in there . rackin look at they down there . rackin connect with Murphy 's nose , break it . Murphy almost go out the door , but duck the next punch and scramble back inside the chopper . rackin million of people , all want they smack . we can not stop they . horman slam he in the back of the head . no way for Murphy to fight both of they and survive . rackin we can only supply they . rackin do a one - two combination on Murphy 's gut . Murphy be fade fast . he have to do something . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning the helicopter zoom over the far end of the base , head towards the Iron man course and the parade Ground . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning rackin slam Murphy in the head . horman grab he beretta hand gun and press it against Murphy 's eye . finger ready to pull the trigger . ( continued ) 82. horman can not you see there 's no choice , Murphy ? you fail the test . now you have to pay the penalty . Murphy duck quickly and the shot go wild . horman get ready to fire again . Murphy grab he gun hand . they wrestle for control of the gun , as rackin try to slam Murphy again with he fist . horman pass or fall . horman get ready to fire again . Murphy yank on he gun hand , throw horman off balance ... and out of the helicopter door ! ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning horman fall all the way to the Iron man course . splat ! int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning Murphy continue to fight with rackin . when the helicopter change angle , rackin 's gun slide to Lucy , who pick it up . she aim the gun at the two fight man . lucy can not get a clean shot . Murphy push rackin away . murphy there . with rackin and Murphy momentarily separate , Lucy can get a clean shot . she aim , pull the trigger . blam ! the bullet just miss Murphy 's head . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning delmar take the helicopter lower , thirty foot off the Iron man course . they zip along , head to the parade Grounds . 83 . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning Lucy re-aim at Murphy 's head . ready to pull the trigger . Murphy look at the open door at the earth thirty foot below . jump . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- morning Murphy jump out of the helicopter , hit the dirt and roll to he foot . back on the damned base ! ext . iron man course -- day Murphy run through the ironman course to the barrack . roar ! the helicopter zoom down at he , like the crop duster in " North by Northwest " . man versus machine . Murphy dive , chopper roar overhead , almost clipping he . the helicopter zoom over the Iron man course . Murphy scramble to he foot , run for a stone fence a hundred foot away . around he , the tatter remain of the pop up target , blow to piece only hour ago . face tear to shred , but still stare at he . the helicopter bank .... ...................... turn .... ............................. and come roaring down at Murphy . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- day rackin lean out the open door , spraying machinegun fire . ext . iron man course -- day Murphy dive to the ground as bullet spatter around he ... the chopper almost clip he . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- day delmar pull back on the stick second before the skid would have hit the dirt . ( continued ) 84 . delmar almost get he . ext . iron man course -- day when the chopper zoom away , Murphy get to he foot and run like hell for the end of the course . the helicopter turn around , roar after he . Murphy race for the next cover , the helicopter close in . machinegun fire spray around Murphy . he dive for the wood fence , and it be turn into sawdust . Murphy pull out he 9 mm and wait for the helicopter to zoom close before fire a couple of shot at it . the helicopter zoom away , bank , and come back for another attack . rackin ready with the machinegun . Murphy take off run . the chopper right behind he , roaring only a few foot behind . Murphy dive for the next piece of cover . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- day rackin blast away at Murphy , shredd a couple of pop up target . but as soon as the helicopter get close , Murphy open fire with he hand gun . bullet almost hit rackin . rackin get up ! get up ! delmar lift the helicopter , zoom away . ext . iron man course -- day when Murphy get to he foot , the helicopter be on he again . rackin fire at Murphy , bullet ricochete off target . Murphy run across the course , the chopper in hot pursuit . Murphy take a leave , then a right . try to lose the helicopter . no luck . it stick to he like glue . ( continued ) 85 . the helicopter zoom behind he , banking for leave and right turn . rackin hold on , as he fire at Murphy . Murphy take a right , see another stone wall . he run for it at top speed . the helicopter roar behind he ... close the gap . at the stone wall , Murphy dive for the ground . when the helicopter zoom overhead ( only inch away ! ) Murphy open fire , aim at the fuel tank . ext . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- day bullet pierce the fuel tank , spraying orange fuel . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- day delmar we have be hit . lose fuel fast . rackin one more pass . delmar gotta take she down . now ! ext . iron man course -- day Murphy watch as the helicopter zoom away , head to a landing area near the motor pool . Murphy pop to he foot and start run to the General 's Office . Safety . ext . parade ground -- day Marines get out of Murphy 's way . he look like a mad man . cut up , beat up , bloody , carry a gun . ext . newhouse's office -- day Murphy make to newhouse 's office Building without be catch by delmar or rackin . he holster he pistol , and scramble inside before they catch he . 86 . int . veiller' office -- day Murphy slam the door behind he , look at the creepy Lt. veiller , who sit between he and the General . murphy I have to see General newhouse . veiller the General be busy ... murphy it 's about the shoot this morning . veiller study Murphy . veiller ( threaten ) I do not think you should bother he with that . murphy I be not leave ' till I talk with he . veiller should I call the mps ? have you arrest ? Murphy start to the General 's Office , but veiller block he way . try to push he back to the exit . veiller I will not let you talk with he . murphy get out of my way . veiller you do not know what you be do ... murphy I know you be rackin 's inside man , veiller . but if you let I past I will not squeal . veiller push harder , fight with Murphy . violent . veiller you can not go in there . ( beat ) I will not let you past . Murphy take out he gun and club veiller . ( continued ) 87 . murphy thanks . I will find my own way in . Murphy step over he and enter General newhouse 's Office . int . newhouse's office -- day newhouse look up at Murphy . newhouse what 's this about ? murphy Sir , I would like to report some criminal activity on the base . newhouse I do not have time for this bullshit , Murphy . murphy Sir , I realize you do not like I , but I believe this be a situation where we will benefit from work together . newhouse why would I want to help the man who kill my son ? Murphy be compel to tell the truth for the first time . murphy I do not kill you son , sir . I carry he on my back for twelve mile after you order the helicopter back . newhouse show shock and anger . newhouse what the hell be you say ? murphy he would be shot twice . might have live with medical attention . newhouse you leave he to die . murphy I carry he as long as I could . he be already dead when I finally laid he down . ( continued ) 88. Murphy pull out he dog tag , take off Ted newhouse 's tarnish tag and hand it to newhouse . murphy now will you help I ? will you listen to I ? newhouse look at the dog tag in he hand . his so n's . murphy there 's a organize gang on the base . run by gunnery sergeant marty rackin . they be use equipment , weapon , and supplies to take over the drug business on the West Coast . newhouse bullshit . murphy I go along on one of they Midnight raid . civilian be kill , sir . newhouse I can not believe this could happen here . the Marine Corps be base on a chain of command . respect for superior officer . follow order . ( beat ) how could one man disobey so many order that it come to this ? rackin I do not know , sir . rackin stand in the doorway , aim he saw at Murphy . rackin we give he a chance , but he 's just not a good soldier . wo not do what he 's tell . delmar enter and step up to Murphy , nudging the back of he head with he pistol . delmar Drop it , jackass . Murphy drop he gun . newhouse sergeant delmar , make sure corporal Murphy be involved in a training accident . a fatal one . ( continued ) 89 . delmar yes , sir . delmar nudge Murphy out the door . to he death . newhouse look from the corrode dog tag up to rackin . his tone with rackin be paternal , as if rackin have be catch tping the neighbor 's house ... not try to kill Murphy . newhouse marty , how could you let it go this far ? it 's completely out of control . rackin I be sorry , sir . I think I could trust he . but he end up be a rat . you know how much I hate rat . newhouse the base be on full alert . everyone hear the shoot . ( beat ) there will probably be a investigation . rackin you could say we be run a night training exercise ... newhouse ( stern ) you should have come to I first . rackin nod . General newhouse may want to punish he . rackin I be sorry , sir . it will not happen again . newhouse nod , look back down at the dog tag . ext . wood near camp -- day the quigley course . delmar prod Murphy out to the middle of the wood near the muddy ditch with the barrel of he gun . delmar this be a good place . delmar press the gun into the back of Murphy 's head . delmar hey . sorry it do not work out . ( continued ) 90 . delmar 's finger tighten on the trigger . bang ! Murphy duck , spin and knock the gun from delmar 's hand . delmar you son of a bitch . could have be painless . could have be easy . but you want to do it the hard way . Murphy prepare to fight the brute . it 's a battle of the titan . a true fight to the death . delmar pull out a huge jungle knife and attack before Murphy can get to he own knife . delmar and murphy fight hand to knife . the blade strike out again and again at Murphy . Murphy evade it and land a punch on delmar 's face . delmar this be kind of fun , be not it ? delmar stab down at Murphy 's neck . Murphy have no choice but to grab the knife blade . murphy aghhh ! the blade cut into he finger and palm as Murphy push it away , then roll away . delmar get ready to strike again . spinning , Murphy kick the knife out of delmar 's hand . whack ! the knife stick into a nearby tree . murphy now it 's even . delmar attack , fight Murphy hand to hand . the two kick , parry , and thrust . foot and hand slamm into each other 's chest with enough force to send they sprawling . Murphy hit the ground , roll to he foot to attack . delmar be ready , block the punch . he slam Murphy with he elbow . hard . Murphy almost go down . slam ! slam ! slam ! Murphy land three hit in a row , force delmar backwards . ( continued ) 91 . delmar laugh it off and charge . he slam against Murphy , and both go hurl backwards to a tree . delmar slam Murphy 's head repeatedly against the tree . Murphy reach up ... finger touch the knife . he pull it out of the tree and stab at delmar . delmar let go of Murphy and pull the knife from he chest . delmar not enough force . you must have miss the day we learn how to use a knife . he hold it up and snap it in half , throw the piece away . then he charge Murphy again . Murphy step away from the tree at the last moment , and delmar slam into it . Falls to the ground . murphy you do not miss the tree . Murphy move in for the kill , but delmar roll away . delmar roll onto he foot , and gesture for Murphy to come forward and fight . delmar ready to give up ? I will kill you quickly . put you out of we misery . murphy no thanks . Murphy move in and they resume they fight . kick , chopping , hit , flipping , roll , and punch . Murphy continue landing hit , but delmar will not go down . delmar and murphy continue fight around the quigley course , each one landing impressive hit on the other . but delmar do not feel the hit like Murphy . Murphy be take a beat . delmar there 's no way you can win . murphy if I give up , there 's no way I win . Murphy land three good hit in a row , send delmar back . ( continued ) 92 . delmar hit a tree , then bounce back to he foot . delmar it 's be fun , but now it 's over . delmar get ready to kill Murphy with a final attack . Murphy be not sure he can take another full attack . wham ! delmar slam into Murphy and the two fight . delmar keep force Murphy towards the razor wire . Murphy find himself push back to the edge of the wire ... back hit the barb with no place else to go . Murphy take hit after hit . he finally spin , landing two good hit on delmar that force the brute against the wire . delmar get tangle in the razor wire . the more he try to dig out of it , the more it dig into he . murphy you can not fight it and win . delmar roar to he foot , drag a few yard of coiled razor wire behind he , and charge at murphy ! if Murphy get tangles in the razor wire , it 's over . Murphy go for he gun ... but the flap be snap . he scramble backwards , try to free he weapon . trip over a log and go down . delmar the razor man rush at he . Murphy fumble with he gun . delmar get closer . he get the gun out . get it up . delmar on top of he . bang ! blast delmar right off he foot . the brute fall dead only inch away from tangling up Murphy . Murphy stop to take a breath . delmar grab he leg . start pull himself closer ! Murphy give he a kick in the face , then scramble away . delmar be too tangle to crawl , and die . Murphy holster he gun and run . 93. ext . parade ground -- day Murphy run across the parade Grounds to the phone booth . int . base phone booth -- day Murphy get to the phone , close the door behind he . safe . he dig in he pocket for change . nothing . murphy shit . pick up the phone and hit " 0 " . murphy Operator , I would like to make a collect call to ... the phone booth door pop open and a pair of marine grab he and yank he out . one be the Gate Officer . ext . base phone booth -- day Murphy struggle with the Marines , but they control he . murphy what the hell .... officer the General want to see you . the two Marines begin drag Murphy to the General 's Office . Murphy struggle but can not get away . murphy look , there 's some kind of mistake . officer you be corporal Murphy . that 's who the General want to see . no mistake . the other Marine take he side arm and all of he weapon . disarm Murphy ... except for the grenade on he vest . murphy I need to get off the base . officer I have my order . ( continued ) 94 . murphy there be people try to kill I . the Officer turn to the other Marine . officer he 's stew now . can you believe it ? murphy what be you talk about ? officer come on . they find the smack in you bunk . along with some burglar tool and paraphernalia . closer to the General 's Office . Murphy have to get away . murphy who be at the front gate . officer I get a guy cover it for I . so , how long you be riding the horse ? murphy see . no track mark on my arm ... officer so you shoot up between you toe . murphy I be not a junkie . officer that 's why we have Court martial proceedings . so you can state you case . give you evidence . ( beat ) though that smack kit they find in you bunk be go to ... Murphy twist right , then leave , knock the two away . he take off run . Racing across the base to the front gate . ext . camp richard , san diego -- day Murphy get to the front gate , see a Marine with he back turn in the Gate Officer 's kiosk and plead he case . ( continued ) 95 . murphy this may not make any sense , but you have to help I . there be some officer on the base who be try to kill I . I have to get off the base now . I do not have any pass , but if you will call General latimer at Fort lejuene , he can straighten this all out . just let I out now ... the Marine in the kiosk finally turn around : it 's rackin . rackin step out of the kiosk . rackin so. you be latimer 's snitch . and I think you be my friend . all of that be bullshit , huh ? murphy it 's over , marty . too much shoot . no way to cover it all up . rackin I will find away . I be the magic man . it will all disappear in the paperwork . just like you . rackin pull the m249 saw machinegun from the counter behind he with a flourish . aim it at Murphy . rackin say goodbye . rackin 's finger tighten on the trigger . Murphy tackle rackin to the ground . the gun discharge but miss , tear the kiosk to shred . rackin you be good Murphy . one of you be worth as dozen artie horman . a stream of hot brass hit Murphy in the face , burn he . he scream in pain . the two men struggle with the gun between they . rackin aim the gun at Murphy to fire again , but Murphy be on top of he before he can pull the trigger . rackin we would have make a great team . Murphy grab the gun and twist it up into the air . ( continued ) 96 . rackin but you be not much of a team player , be you ? the gun explode between the two , send a stream of hot lead inch between they face . rackin miss . wanna try again ? rackin push the gun barrel around until it 's aim at Murphy 's face . his finger start to squeeze . Murphy push the barrel away from he . rackin press the hot gun barrel into Murphy 's forehead . Murphy scream as the hot barrel burn he face . rackin play as a team , we can win as a team . but you be too much of a loner . Murphy press the barrel towards rackin and press rackin 's trigger finger . a stream of gunfire miss rackin by a hair . rackin laugh and twist the gun back around to aim at Murphy . rackin you leave the General 's son to die . you know how much that hurt he ? Murphy push up on the barrel . blam ! bullet and flame fill the space between the two as they continue struggle for control of the machinegun . each one press the barrel towards the other 's face . rackin that man 's like a father to I , Murphy . when they be go to double D I , he stand up for I . Murphy look down the gun barrel and see rackin squeezing the trigger . he kick up , hit rackin in the groin . when rackin double over in pain , Murphy twist the gun around to aim at rackin 's chest and press he trigger finger . click ! out of shell . ( continued ) 97 . rackin let go of the gun , laugh . rackin you want the gun , take it . murphy you take it . wham ! he slam the machinegun into rackin 's face . rackin and Murphy wrestle to the ground , fight hand to hand . Rolling , gouging , head but . they end up at the gate , slamm against the chain link . rackin hey ! what have we here ? rackin stick he finger through the pin on Murphy 's grenade , pull he hand away . rackin with this ring , I make thee dead . rackin scramble to the kiosk . Murphy look down as the live grenade fall from he vest to the pavement . he wipe he hand across they ... roll they across the drive to the kiosk . rackin see the grenade roll at he and try scramble away ... but be trap in the kiosk . rackin noooooooooooo ! Murphy dive behind a stone wall . the kiosk and front gate explode ! a huge fireball , raining debris down over Murphy . rocking the entire base with its concussion . Murphy get to he foot , look from the blast open front gate ( escape ) to the General 's Office across the base . make a decision . int . newhouse's office -- day newhouse be look at the dog tag in he hand , and a frame photo of ted on the desk . remember the past , and past mistake . his gun be on he desk . all of Murphy 's belonging be stack by the door . ( continued ) 98 . murphy Heard you want to see I . newhouse look up . newhouse where 's Martin ? murphy Dead . so be delmar and horman . it 's over General . newhouse you could not let it go , could you ? first you kill my son ... murphy I do not kill Ted . you do . int . ah-1w cobra helicopter -- night Saudi Arabia . War . the helicopter wait for Murphy and Ted . a voice on the Officer 's radio . voice ( v.o. ) cobra Zero Seven , what be you status ? officer wait at extraction point Alpha . voice ( v.o. ) what you hold up ? officer gunnery sergeant Murphy ask we to wait five minute for he . int . radio room -- night the other side of the conversation , from a radio room set up in a tent a few mile from the enemy line . all we see be the radio , and several other Marines ( include veiller ) in the background . the " voice " be reveal at the scene 's end . voice you take order from gunnery sergeant , Mr. mainwar ? officer ( v.o. ) no , sir , but he say ... ( continued ) 99 . voice I give the order . we dolly around until we see the " voice " 's face . newhouse return to base immediately . General newhouse lower the mike . veiller try to speak . veiller Sir .... newhouse there be a chain of command in this service . it be to be follow link by link . when I give a order , it be to be carry out to the letter . do everyone here understand that ? veiller yes , sir . int . newhouse's office -- day newhouse put he hand on top of he gun , look at Murphy . newhouse I love the Corps so much that I give it my only son . he lift the gun . Murphy spot he stack of belonging by the door . on top , he beretta 9 mm automatic . newhouse after Ted 's death , I be depressed . think of kill myself . ( beat ) then I be transfer here . newhouse look at he gun . newhouse met marty . take he under my wing . think I would turn he into a Marine . the gun shift towards Murphy . newhouse but he be wild . uncontrollable . Murphy inch towards he foot locker and gun . ( continued ) 100 . newhouse call himself the magic man . he even trick I . I cover up he little mess . running whore on the base . running drug on the base . ( beat ) the man be like a son to I . newhouse shift the gun , aim it at himself . newhouse it just get out of control . there be no way to stop rackin 's crazy scheme without implicate myself . murphy when something be wrong , General , you fix it . no matter the price . newhouse it would have be the end of my career . the end of my life . murphy you should have court martial rackin when you have the chance . you should have do what 's right . you be what 's wrong with this base , General . Murphy grab the phone on newhouse 's desk and dial . murphy General latimer , please . newhouse drop he gun and hang up the phone . newhouse I can not let you do that . murphy I do not see any other choice . newhouse I do . newhouse grab he gun off the desk , twist it around to aim at himself , ready to commit suicide . then have a better idea : aim at Murphy and fire . Murphy dive for he gun , grab it , roll to he foot . Murphy and newhouse square off for a second like gunfighter at high noon . aiming at each other . look in each other eye . wait for the other to move first . ( continued ) 101 . newhouse and Murphy fire at the same time . bang ! bang ! Murphy get hit in the shoulder , go down . newhouse get hit in the chest , slam back against the wall . as newhouse lay die on the floor he finger reach for the dog tag on the floor a few foot away . stretch . get closer . closer . finger almost touch the memory of he son . then he die , without ever touch it . Murphy stagger to he foot , just as the mps and veiller storm into the General 's office . ext . camp richard , san diego -- day the explode front gate . fire still burn . the place be a war zone . int . tv news coverage -- day Shots of the destruction at the base on CNN News . reporter four man be kill in a dare terrorist attack on a United States Marine base . this be not the first Marines to die at the hand of terrorist . in October of 1983 , two hundred and thirty seven Marines be kill in Beirut as the result of a terrorist bombing . more recently ... the tv station click to another channel : same news . we see the president in the Rose Garden ( stock footage ? ) . reporter # 2 in a special memorial ceremony today in the White House Rose Garden , the President award medal to the brave Marines kill in the terrorist attack against Camp Richards in San Diego . ( beat ) the congressional Medal of honor be award to corporal Arthur horman of Key largo , Florida ... ( continued ) 102 . a photo of artie horman , as the medal be lay on top . reporter # 2 sergeant David delmar , of Phoenix City , Arizona ... photo of delmar as the medal be lay on top . reporter # 2 gunnery sergeant Martin L. rackin of Detroit , Michigan ... photo of rackin as the medal be lay on top . reporter # 2 and a special Medal of honor to General Anthony newhouse . the last medal be place on newhouse 's photo . int . jail cell -- day Murphy turn away from the cell 's tv set and yell at the guard outside . murphy hey ! can you turn this damned tv off ? the tv screen go dark , and Murphy sit on he bunk , look through the bar , wait for he court martial . the end .