< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> the time machine - by David Duncan H. G. Wells ' T h E T I m E m a C h I N E a George pal production screenplay by david duncan draft revise through 6-25-59 fade in : m.g.m. trademark a.1 Leo the lion roar over the fanfare , then fade out : glide object in a wide dark void - ( animation ) out of the silent darkness a short white a flute column surmounted by a sundial appear . it float in , waveringly , until it become clearly visible , then drift off as though move in some huge orbit . next a hourglass float in from the leave B of the screen . the faint hissing of running sand break the stillness of space . as the hourglass glide across the screen , C it be meet by a greek water clock accompany by the sound of dripping water . a medieval clock with weight arise as its D horizontal escapement tick loudly . mean - while the sundial , hourglass and water clock return , drift at diverse angle across the screen . the SOUND of the various device continue to mount . a figure wheel past , with the face of a E clock and the body carve like a drummer of the 14th century , beat the hour . a SMALL clock bear a golden angel with F hammer in hand as it strike a bell . another timepiece , with chime , float in G to mingle with all the drift object . the big BEN be tolling h then a great bell . J deafening sound now come from all direction , as the time k device weave across the screen and , reach crescendo , stop abruptly . a mellow voice begin to sing the theme of L the picture , " the land of the leal " . simultaneously , the screen reveal the MAIN title : m H. G. Wells ' the time machine " the land of the leal " word & Music by Peggy Lee when I be a wee lad L and dark be the night afraid I would be til the bright morning light and sometimes ... for comfort away I would steal away I would go to the land of the leal . and soon I would be there it take I no time my heart would be soar as I make the climb and there be the green grass so cool and so sweet so good to be run through with happy bare foot ! and who be my teacher and how do I know ? just when to be go and which way to go ? but always when wishing away I would steal away I would go to the land of the leal . and now that I be older I try to be wise but when I be troubled I still close my eye and just like the wee lad away I will steal away I will go to the land of the leal . for there be no question and there be no lie and never a storm there to darken the sky the bird who be fly no freer they feel than I when I live in the land of the leal . after the credit title , the music subside and we slowly fade out : fade in : 1 ext . cottage - long shot - ( night ) - ( matte ) warm light pour through the window , spread over the snow - patch countryside . only the laboratory , a convert greenhouse , be dark , shade from the moonlight by a majestic , leafless oak . a two -horse carriage , in the style of the turn of the century , linger in the driveway . Beyond all this , the River Thames take a sharp curve . a lonely figure hurry up to the front door and knock on it impatiently . at the door 2 the knock be answer by mrs . watchett , the house - keeper , a thin , tense woman with iron gray hair . the camera enter the hall with david filby , a amiable red-haire young man of science , who hastily hand she he rumple cloak and hat , then rush toward : int . library 3 a pleasant edwardian room , the shelf be stack tightly with volume of book , many of ancient vintage . Three man be seat in a rough circle , motionless , obviously await the arrival of occupant for the two empty chair . the silence be accentuate by the merry crackling of log in the fireplace and the capricious ticking of innumerable timepiece about the room . filby enter , pause to glance down , then embarrassedly take he chair . series of close shot 4 dr . philip hillyer be a impose ( a ) businessman , wear full sideburn . he stare stonily at the last empty chair , then at filby with annoyance . ANTHONY bridewell , a man of the world , ( b ) impeccably attire in the latest fashion , welcome filby the only way he know , by lift he glass of whiskey . walter kemp , a middle age man with keen ( c ) black pierce eye , angrily chew on he Havana . filby fidget uncomfortably in he chair ( d ) as hillyer glance impatiently at he ( e ) watch , compare time with a grand - father clock behind he , then snap it shut and glare at : empty chair - mo . shot 5 conspicuously unoccupy . grandfather clock - close shot 6 reaching the hour of eight , it begin to strike its yellow chime . other timepiece join in the announce - ment . groupshot 7 the man look at each other until the chime , bell etc . fade away . Dr. hillyer angrily slap on the arm of he leather chair . dr . hillyer I say , this be outright rude of the man ! filbey he 's undoubtedly be detain . that 's all . bridewell , fill he glass , be try to say some - thing but be interrupt by kemp ( unscrew the cigar from he tight lip ) this be such a confound waste of time ! if he 's not come , I have any number of more important thing to do . all head turn as Mrs. watchett enter , close the door quietly behind she . with a envelope in she hand she stand there , hesitate . dr . hillyer speak up -- what be it , woman ? she be take aback for a moment , then walk over to filby and hand he the open envelope . he take he time in extract the note . bridewell well ... be we or be we not invite to dinner ? filby ( read ) apparently we be . ( to Mrs. watchett ) how long have he be go ? mrs . watchett ( nervously ) I can not rightly say , sir . - several day ... I hardly catch a glimpse of he lately . he never leave the laboratory and come out only to nibble at he meal ... but he do tell I day ago about dinner tonight and leave this instruction . ( point to note ) filby thank you , Mrs. watchett . a faint , nervous smile be she acknowledgement and with that she retreat toward the door . dr . hillyer ( indicate the note ) what do it say , filby ? what 's wrong ? filby nothing really . - George merely say that if he be not here by eight we be to begin without he . kemp tear the note out of filby 's hand and read it hurriedly . meanwhile , Mrs. watchett swing the door open and turn around . mrs . watchett dinner be serve , gentleman ! bridewell ( put he glass down ) first sensible thing I have hear all evening . he rise and start for the dining room . the other follow . filby , hillyer & kemp - moving shot 8 as they walk toward the dine room . filby this be peculiar . he be usually very prompt , precise and punctual . dr . hillyer he 's make fool of we by invite we here and then not show up . it 's not the behavior of a gentleman . kemp to say nothing of the waste of time . dr . hillyer ( agree ) to say nothing of the waste of time . bridewell , already seat at the heavily laden dining table , pour a glass of wine for himself while the other settle down . this time the chair at the head of the table be conspicuously unoccupy . bridwell ( arise , lift he glass ) one thing I will say for George , he keep the best cellar in the south of England ... and Mrs. watchett be the finest cook in the world . - I think I will drink to that ! the glass barely touch he lip as he freeze at the SOUND of dropping trays and a piercing scream . all look in the direction of another door across the room . the door - full shot 9 it burst inward and Mrs. watchett , she hair fly , dash down the step panic-stricken into the room . the camera rush with she to the table where the man have come to they foot . clutch filby 's arm , she point toward the long corridor now reveal by the open door . mrs . watchett ( frighten ) there !... there ... all stare o.s. , hillyer with the carve knife clasped in he hand . corridor through doorway - full shot 10 we see the figure of a man approach , a black silhouette against the pale glow at the end of the passage . he be bent with exhaustion and sway as he move forward , limping . the man come closer , he feature still black out by shadow , but as he near the doorway , the light from the room strike first he leg , then he body and finally he face . here he stop . this be we first meeting with the time traveller ( for so it will be convenient to speak of he ) . at this instant he be in a sorry state . his clothing be tatter and dirty , he face pale , bruise and scratch and he eye glaze with fatigue . for a moment he hesitates as if dazzle by the light and then take another sway step into the room . filby and bridewell - moving shot 11 they come to life . bridewell , notice the glass of wine still in he hand , quickly gulp it down before rush with filby toward the time Traveller . filby good lord ! - what 's happen ? reaching he , each seize a elbow to support he . bridewell throw a frantic glance at Dr. hillyer back at the table . the time Traveller , however , move forward under he own power . time traveller I be all right ... just some food ... a drink ... he reach the table and sink into he chair . with tremble hand bridewell try to pour he a glass of wine , spilling most of it over the tablecloth . the time Traveller look up at he with a wry smile . time traveller be you all right ? a stunne bridewell be unable to speak while the time Traveller empty he glass . bridewell ( a delay answer ) of course . I be ... all right ... meanwhile , Mrs. watchett hover over the time Traveller like a mother hen . mrs . watchett ( half apology , half concern ) I do not recognize you !... it be so dark ... the camera move in as she dish up a bowl of soup for he , but he push it away . time traveller meat ... I be hungry for meat ! Mrs. watchett grasp the carve knife from Dr. hillyer and , with a single slash , cut off a huge portion of beef and load it onto he plate . groupshot 12 the time Traveller eat , the man watch he curiously . finally Dr. hillyer lean forward . dr . hillyer well , can not you speak , man ? what happen to you ? be not you go to tell we ... bridewell leave he alone , can not you ? time traveller ( swallow ) it 's all right . - I want to tell . filby it will keep , George . eat , rest a little . time traveller no ! I must tell it now ... while I still remember . filby relax , try to relax a bit . you have all the time in the world . close on the time traveller 13 as he look up , amused . time traveller you be right , David . ( almost to himself ) that 's exactly what I have . - all the time in the world !... ever since we be all together five day ago , the last day of eighteen hundre ninety nine . slowly the camera move in closer while everyone listen so intensely that , aside from the time Traveller 's voice , only the ticking of a pendulum clock be hear . slowly dissolve : int . - ebony BOX on table - close shot ( afternoon ) 14 ( note : the slow dissolve from the previous shot should give the effect of the ebony box emerge from the time Traveller 's brain . ) time traveller' voice there in that box rest the result of two year ' labor . the camera draw back to reveal the library . the time Traveller , wear casual tweed and smoking a pipe , sit in he favorite chair behind the ebony box . across from he in another chair sit Dr. hillyer puffing he cigar . bridewell and filby have glass in they hand -- kemp nothing . all be look at the box . time traveller ( continue ) I want to finish the job before the new century begin . - I barely make it . bridewell marvelous . dr . hillyer ( stand up ) what be it ? time traveller well , it have to do with time . dr . hillyer ( step to box ) I have always maintain what this nation need be a reliable timepiece . the navy need one . the Army need one . - for the artillery you know . kemp ( lean forward ) could not do better , George . so that 's why you have be in hide . - clever of you , indeed ! filby ( study the time Traveller 's reaction ) I do not believe George be refer to a new kind of timepiece . time traveller when I speak of time , I be refer to the fourth dimension . a perplex look come over bridewell 's face . Dr. hillyer register concern . kemp look troubled . only filby express avid interest . filby go on , George . time traveller now , as you know , the difficulty in explain the fourth dimension be that it can not be see or feel - it must be think of . filby if you do not mind , George , would you refresh I on the first three dimension . dr . hillyer really , filby , they must have teach you something at school ! bridewell ( bait Dr. hillyer ) suppose you explain it , Doctor . dr . hillyer certainly ! ( he demonstrate pompously ) when I move in a straight line , forward or backward , that 's one dimension . - when I move to the leave or right , two dimension . - when I move up and down , three dimension . ( a bright idea light up he face . at last he can get ahold of the box , but filby interfere before Dr. hillyer can get he finger on it and he have to be satisfied with merely point ) for instance , this box have three dimension : length , breadth , and height . bridewell ( amaze ) well , then , what 's the fourth dimension ? dr . hillyer well , that 's ... that 's mere theory ! no one can really say what the fourth dimension be or even that it exist . the time traveller - mo . shot 15 lean forward in he chair . time traveller on the contrary , Doctor ! the fourth dimension be as true and as real a dimension as any of the other three . in fact , they could not exist without it . dr . hillyer ( enter the shot ) how do you mean ? time traveller well , take that box . it have the first three dimension , as you say . but what if it do not exist in time ? it would not exist at all , would it ? dr . hillyer no . time traveller so - for a object to exist at all , it must exist in the fourth dimen - sion .... and that fourth dimension be duration .... time ! DR. hillyer ( impatiently ) all right ! but what 's in that box ? time traveller I be come to that . but first , consider ! why be it that we usually ignore the fourth dimension ? because we have no freedom to move in it . we can move in the other three -- up , down , forward , backward , sideways . but when it come to time , we be prisoner . do you follow I , Anthony ? group shot 16 in the f.g. , bridewell who have be sit with a glaze , dreamy look , suddenly jump . kemp George ! you have give a most lucid explanation and all that ! but I do not think I entirely understand . time traveller look ! there be a lot of thing in the world you do not understand , be not there ? kemp of course ! quite a number . time traveller but you do not refuse to believe in they because of that ? kemp not if I can see the proof with my own eye . time traveller good ! all I be ask you to do now be to witness a demonstration of the possibility of movement in the fourth dimension . ( to Dr. hillyer ) Philip , will you please hand I that box ? all eye turn to Dr. hillyer as he eagerly rush to the table , lift the box with surprise at its lightness , and take it to the time Traveller . George open it with great care and bring forth a mechanical device [ page 13 missing from hard copy ] time traveller I have tell you . the larger model can carry a passenger on a journey through time . - not through Space , mind you , but through time . bridewell oh , I say George ! if you start float around in the future , be not you likely to mess thing up for the rest of we ? dr . hillyer the future be already there . it 's irrevocable and can not be change . close on time traveller 19 he answer thoughtfully . time traveller that 's the most important question to which I hope to find a answer . can man control he destiny ? can he change the shape of thing to come ? [ page 16 missing from hard copy ] time traveller' voice imagine that this cigar be the time Traveller . now , this lever in front of he control movement . forward pressure send the Machine into the future , backward pressure into the past . and the harder the pressure the faster the Machine travel . groupshot - low angle 24 all eyebrow be raise . time traveller this experiment can be perform only once . if it succeed , I lose my model forever . that be why I need witness . they look at each other , uncertain whether he be joke or not . bridewell stoops with difficulty to examine the table . kemp go ahead . time traveller you be ready then ? despite disbelief , there be a tense silence as he put he finger on the lever . then he pause . time traveller Doctor hillyer , would you care to lend I you hand ? Dr. hillyer extend he hand hesitantly , smile weakly . insert of model 25 use Dr. hillyer 's forefinger , the time Traveller press the lever forward . a low - pitched hum be hear . close on the men - low angle 26 the man stare in fascination as the camera pan and the humming increase . insert : glass - chandelier - vase 27 the glass on the silver tray rattle ( a ) and clink against each other . the gas light of the chandelier ( b ) flicker rapidly . a vase shudder and move slightly on ( c ) the mantelpiece . insert of model 28 as the vibration increase , the outline of the model be blurred and gradually become transparent , until the Machine with the cigar have vanish utterly . the humming have reached a high shriek and stop abruptly . back to close on men - low angle 29 the sudden silence be almost unbearable . they stare at the empty table . the camera pan . dr . hillyer ( touch he cigar pocket ) I will be damned ! time traveller ( almost to himself ) it work ! filby swallow . bridewell , with he mouth open , stare at the table . now he look at the glass of champagne in he hand and place it on the mantelpiece as far out of reach as he can . then , suddenly reversing he decision , he retrieve the glass and gulp it down . 30 out two shot 31 Dr. hillyer slowly turn to the time Traveller . dr . hillyer where do it go ? time traveller ( recover ) go ? nowhere in the usual sense . it 's still here . ( indicate space where the Machine stand ) but it 's no longer in the present . it 's travel through time - to the future , to be precise . dr . hillyer do you seriously expect we to believe that ? time traveller certainly . dr . hillyer but you just say it have not really move . time traveller that 's correct . dr . hillyer then why can not we see it ? time traveller because we be in this room on December 31st , 1899 , while the model you see be perhaps a hundred year away . this room , or even this house , may no longer exist a hundred year from now . but the time Machine be occupy the same space it do a moment before it go off on its journey . Dr. hillyer run he hand over the top of the table . dr . hillyer ( exasperate ) if it occupy the same space , I should be able to feel it . time traveller you must remember that the space you have just put you hand through be today 's space . you can not put you hand into the space of tomorrow . dr . hillyer ( get angry ) Space be space ! it do not change ! the same space that be here now should be here a hundred or even a thousand year from now . time traveller no ! time change space . this flat ground we be stand on now could have be at the bottom of the sea a million year ago . and a million year from now it could be the interior of a huge mountain . Dr. hillyer turn away , speechless . group shot 32 kemp step forward . kemp suppose what you say be true . exactly what do you suggest we do with such a contraption ? time traveller for my part , I intend to take a journey into the future . - unless someone else prefer to volunteer . there be no response . bridewell ( chuckle ) I say , George . suppose you go off and get lose in the fiftieth century ! how will you find you way back ? time traveller ( quite serious ) that 's a calculate risk I be prepare to take . Dr. hillyer , have control he fury , now exchange significant glance with kemp and turn back with a air of reasonableness . dr . hillyer now listen , George ! I do not know what you take we for , but we be not fool . there be a number of way of do a disappear trick ! but a man of you ability should not bother with such nonsense . close on dr . hillier - moving shot 33 he get up from he chair . dr . hillyer ( unable to resist the temptation for sarcasm ) there 's a war on , you know ! the boer be put up a pretty stiff fight in South Africa and we country need inventor like you . I can put you in touch with the War Office if you wish . he walk over to the time Traveller who be sit near the table on which stand the empty ebony box with its lid open . filby be in the b.g. time traveller ( look up at filby ) what do you think ? filby ( hesitate slightly , and then ) I think Dr. hillyer have a point , George . lazily the time Traveller toy with the lid of the ebony box , then close it with a SNAP . he look up and nod . dr . hillyer now you be be sensible . I will take care of it first thing in the New Year . back to group shot 34 everyone rise . dr . hillyer well , time to go . kemp yes , we all have we plan for tonight . Dr. hillyer and kemp head toward the door . bridewell linger at the table where the model of the time Machine disappear . bridewell ( concerned ) be you all right , George ? time traveller of course , I be . dr . hillyer' voice come , bridewell ? reluctantly bridewell leave the library follow by the time Traveller . int . entrance hall - full shot 35 while he guest put on they cape , overcoat , scarf , glove and hat , prepare for the cold weather outside , the time Traveller step to the door and grasp the handle . time traveller thanks for come . he open the door and they file past he , bridewell at the rear . ad lib happy New Year . - Goodbye , George - happy twentieth century . - etc. bridewell clasp the time Traveller 's shoulder , reassuringly . ext . cottage - long shot - ( dusk ) - ( matte ) 36 in contrast to the previous shot ( sc.l ) this be a snow - less wintery day . the visitor be board the carriage that await they in the drive . dr . hillyer come on , bridewell . bridewell glance back to the time Traveller , then submit and , with a crack of a whip , the carriage move off . ext . entrance - full shot 37 the time Traveller , a silhouette frame in the door - way , wave to they . the carriage 38 as it pull away , bridewell lean out , wave . from the opposite direction another carriage full of noisy young people thunder by . in early New Year 's Eve revelry they toot they toy horn at the time Traveller . back to the time traveller 39 unmindful of they salutation he turn and enter the cottage . int . entrance hall - mo shot 40 the time Traveller slowly close the door and lean he back against it , stare into space . think . - he spot a newspaper on a nearby table , apparently leave by one of he guest , and pick it up . insert : newspaper 40 - a a roll of drum in military fashion accent the headline that the boer Army have win another victory . close on time traveller 40 - B he close he eye and , add to the drum , we hear the call to battle by a distant bugle . then more brass , fife and horn join the bugle and drum to take up a militant overture . he loosen he collar , then with sudden resolution stride toward : omitted 41-56 int . library - long shot 57 the time Traveller cross to he write table in the f.g. he stand there and even in the darkness we can observe that he be a angry man . he strike a match and light the overhead gas fixture . the light come up and the music stop as he stare across the room to see : filby - mo . shot 58 sit in a chair near the fireplace . filby I think I would better stay . time traveller' voice you need not have troubled yourself . I be all right . filby no you be not . - you have be behave oddly for over a month now . ( and then ) I be not leave until you tell I what 's on you mind . time traveller - mo . shot 59 deep in think , he go to the fireplace and stir the coal . the camera follows . time traveller I appreciate you gesture , David , but if you do not mind I would rather you leave I alone . filby you have change , George . enormously . time traveller I be sorry . filby ( look up to he directly ) will you answer I one question honestly ? time traveller I will try . filby why this preoccupation with time ? time traveller ( sharply ) why not ? filby do not go simple on I , George ! time traveller ( a beat , then calmly ) if you want to know the truth , I do not much care for the time I be bear into . - it seem people be not die fast enough this day . they call upon science to invent new , more efficient weapon to depopulate the earth . filby I quite agree with you . but here we be and we have to make the best of it . time traveller you may have to . I do not . filby ( make a half - heart attempt at levity ) all right . take a journey on you contraption . what would you become ?... a Greek ? a Roman ? one of the pharaoh ? time traveller I prefer the future . filby you be not seriously say you can do it ? time traveller you see the experiment this afternoon , do not you ? filby I see a toy machine vanish . but I be certain there be a number of way of do that trick . any magician at the hippodrome could probably do it . time traveller ( angrily ) it be no trick ! - would you care to see the full - scale model ? filby no , I would not ! I have no desire to tempt the law of Providence and I do not think you should . it 's not for man to trifle with . time traveller now you sound like hillyer and kemp . filby there be something in they common sense attitude to life . ( and then ) George , I speak to you as a friend . more , as a brother . if that machine can do what you say it can ... destroy it . destroy it , George , before it destroy you . distant sound of new year celebration be heard . time traveller you must have plan for New Year 's Eve . do not let I keep you . filby Mary be not well . we decide to stay home with the baby . but why do not you come home with I . you have not see little Jaime for a long time . time traveller I can not . filby what 's stop you ? time traveller I just want to see the old century out by myself . filby ( rise ) have it you own way . he go to the door . at the door 60 filby stop , then turn around . filby will you promise I that you will not leave the house tonight ? time traveller I promise you , I will not walk out of the door . filby , a little puzzle by this strange promise , turn to go as the time Traveller put down the poker and step up to he . time traveller David ! please do not think I un - friendly ! - come over to dinner - next Friday . wo not you ? filby very well . time traveller Fine ... and will you bring the other with you ? filby ( with a warm smile ) whatever you say , George . - happy New Year . time traveller ( shaking hand ) and a very happy New Year to you , David . filby pat he arm before he leave . the time Traveller stand there until he hear the front door shut . then , followed by the camera , he go to the write table and sit down . at the writing table 61 the time Traveller open a drawer and take out the new calendar that read : " 1900 , welcome New century . " he flip a few page to find the next Friday and jot down the dinner engagement . at this point Mrs. watchett , with he velvet smoking jacket over she arm , appear in the doorway and walk up to he . mrs . watchett will you be have supper in this evening , sir ? time traveller ( while ex - change jacket with Mrs. watchett 's help ) I do not think so , Mrs. watchett . why do not you take the evening off and celebrate . mrs . watchett thank you , sir , but if you will not be need I I think I will turn in early and get some sleep ... ( indicate reveler outside ) ... it I can . - goodnight , sir . time traveller goodnight . she turn to go as the time Traveller call after she . time traveller oh , Mrs. watchett ! ( as she respond ) I have invite Mr. filby and the other to dinner next Friday . ( and then ) happy New Year , Mrs. watchett . mrs . watchett happy New Year , sir . Mrs. watchett exit , close the door after she . once again the time Traveller be alone . he look at the old calendar that read : " December 3l. 1899 , " rip the final sheet from the pad , crumple it into a tight little ball and toss it into the hearth where it burn . with slow and deliberate movement he replace the old calendar with the new one . then , he hastily scribbles a note which he put into a envelope and place it prominently on the table . he rise and mount the step that lead to : int . corridor - moving shot 62 the time Traveller walk slowly toward a close door at the end of the passageway . here he pause momentarily , remove the key from he pocket , unlock the door , then slowly swing it open as the music start the theme of the picture . int . laboratory - full shot - ( night ) 63 the laboratory have the appearance of have once be a greenhouse . only a few pot plant remain . the glass wall be obscure from view from the garden by row of tall grow plant . only the glass skylight be clear . thick , dark , low-hanging cloud be pass - ing beneath the moon , dimming its light and leave the interior a maze of dark shadow . as the slow mov - ing cloud pass overhead , a shaft of moonlight seep through and we see workbench , numerous tool , sheet of drawing and scientific instrument situate around the perimeter . but the most conspicuous object in the room be the time Machine . it be a duplicate of the miniature model already see . however , its size give it a majestic quality . nickel , ivory and crystalline quartz gleam and sparkle . while the miniature possess a delicate , appeal note , the full size Machine have a ominous look . the waver moonlight seem to render it alive and give it the power of movement . close on time traveller - moving shot 64 stare at the Machine , hypnotize by he own craft - manship , he lock the door with accustom movement , then cross to a workbench and light a candle . here a crystalline lever be attach to a polish buffer . the time Traveller set it in motion , polish the crystal lever until its rough edge disappear and it sparkles like a fine cut diamond . as he work , he lip purse and he softly start to whistle the melancholy strain of " the land of the leal . " a clock near he on the workbench read : " 9:30 . " satisfied with the buffing , he remove the gleam handle and cross to the Machine . he settles into the saddle and affix the crystalline lever . there be no sign of urgency in he movement to betray that he settling himself into the saddle be any more than a routine position he have take before to work on the Machine . then he lean back in the saddle and gaze up at : insert : skylight - ( stop motion or animation ) 65 pass cloud . back to time traveller 66 he look upwards for several moment . then he hand slowly reach forth and he finger encircle the lever . - gently he urge it forward . a humming SOUND , similar to the one make by the model , but more resonant start and a soft glow well up from within the Machine . insert : the control panel 67 the luminous dial show : " 31 December 1899 . " the meter and indicator start to buzz and whirl . the glow increase . back to time traveller 68 his expression be taut as he look around , then down to the control panel . time traveller' voice I start ... and the laboratory grow faint around I ... insert of panel 69 the figure spin , the needle vibrate . then almost at once the time Traveller 's hand reach for the lever and jerk it over to halt the Machine . the humming lessen and fade . back to time traveller 70 as he start to look up and around , slowly . time traveller' voice ... I stop . what he sees - moving shot 71 start at the window with frost around the edge and icicle outside , we move around the room passing the workbench over to the door . during this we hear the : time traveller' voice no change ; everything exactly as it bad be before . - but no ! the camera swing back to the workbench , close , where the clock now show " 11:09 " and the candle have burn short . time traveller' voice ( excited ) the clock say 9:31 when I start and now it be 11 : o9 ... and the candle , short by inch . back to time traveller 72 he look amaze , then pull he old fashioned watch from he pocket by its gold chain . it flip open show almost " 9:32 . " time traveller' voice and yet by my watch which be in the machine with I , only a few second have pass . please , he put he watch away and reach for the lever , look off toward the : workbench - ( animation ) 73 the humming SOUND start again and , while the hand of the clock circle the dial , the flame of the candle flicker with the speed of a bee 's wing , melting the candle down . the camera move to the window where the frost have spread and the icicle continue to grow . Light come up behind so that the crystal glitter like gem and the sun start to rise . time traveller in the machine - mo . shot 74 the ray of the early Morning sun slide down the lab - oratory wall and sweep across the time Traveller and he Machine . a trace of a smile -- and then , he look up and squint . time traveller' voice it be disconcert to see the sun ... insert : skylight - mo . shot - ( stop motion or 75 animation ) as the sun arch majestically . time traveller' voice ...arc in less than a minute ... insert : pot of flowers - ( stock and / or stop motion ) 76 as they close . time traveller' voice .... to see flower close they eye for the night , change that normally take hour , occure in second , be beautiful . during this it have turn into night and a little snail rush across the ground beneath the plant , and then the flower start to open again . Light begin to flood the scene . in the b.g. Mrs. watchett leap into the garden , pause the briefest instant to sprinkle the flower , then with the speed of wind streak away . back to time traveller 77 a trace of a smile , then apprehension . time traveller' voice and as yet I be travel very slowly ! ( challenging ) what if I go faster ?! his hand shove the lever farther over toward the future position . the humming SOUND rise to higher pitch . the time Traveller lurch in he seat , cling to the control and look at the dial . insert : close on dial 78 they be spin . back to time traveller 79 as he look up . insert of skylight - ( stop motion or animation ) 80 the sun soar across the sky , night fall . pin point of star streak by and dawn come . the sun be chase by the star again and again . faster and faster . very close on time traveller 81 his eye gleam with a mad light , half pleasure , half pain . his face be illuminate by the alternate flash of light , each one indicate the passage of another day . he turn toward the : window - full shot - ( animation , stop motion & stock ) 82 without a trace of frost or icicle . the snow have disappear , replace by the lush green of spring . while the vine of a morning glory grow up and around the window like a snake and the flower open and close , we see the follow through repeat fast flash . the sun hop swiftly across the sky . ( a ) the night fall and the star circle ( b ) the North Star . the sun appear and disappear be - ( c ) hind the whirling cloud . at night the moon race through ( d ) tumultuous cloud . on the follow day the sky darken ( e ) with thunderhead . there be a cataract of lightning and thunder . back on time traveller 83 Quick flash of lightning on the time Traveller 's face follow by a series of short thunderclaps . time traveller' voice it become intoxicating . to see a entire storm in a few second . - so I push the lever on toward even great speed . he apply great pressure on the lever . the humming increase . the alternate flash of light become a flicker almost too fast for the eye to follow . he look o.s. and see : ext . tree in garden - full shot - ( animation ) 84 its shadow , cast by the sun and the moon , dance around the trunk , faster and faster -- the moon pass through its phase and the sun shifting its position with the season . branch - close shot - ( animation ) 85 leave grow quickly . Flowers appear and turn into small green apple . grow larger , they turn red and fall . the leave gradually become amber and disappear . suddenly the bare branch be cover with snow for a few second , then again burst into green leave and blossom . ext . distant hillside - full shot - ( animation ) 86 through the window we see the tree grow and change like puff of vapor -- now brown , now green ; they spread , shiver and pass away . snow flash across the country , vanish and be follow by the brief bright green of spring . time traveller' voice thirteen year have pass ... fourteen ... fifteen ... sixteen ... and then ... gradually soot , dirt and grime have build up on the window from the outside and darkness prevail . close on time traveller 87 his brow be bead with perspiration . alarm , he grab the handle of the time Machine . insert : the dial 88 the hand of the time Traveller quickly pull back the lever . time traveller' voice in the year nineteen hundred seventeen ... I stop . the flicker of pass day and night slow and the humming SOUND gradually diminish . the dial stop on " 13 September 1917 " . time traveller - mo . shot 89 the camera pull back as he step out of he Machine and glance with astonishment around the interior of the laboratory . the once clear window be now dirty and board up . the world outside be completely obscure from view . only faint light penetrate crack indicate that it be day out - door . he cross to the door . Dust fall as he open it and enter the corridor . int . library 90 the dim light and the protective sheet cover the furnishings previously see , lend the room a ghostly appearance . tilted painting reveal fade spot on the wall and the dust be inch thick here , as well as in the dining room see in the b.g. cobweb be everywhere . the floor squeak on every footfall as the time Traveller , come down the step from the corridor , enter the room and look about . the shelve - time traveller be p.o.v. 91 among he book still rest the clock , he once prize possession . there be no ticking now . the hand of the clock , each pair indicate a different time , seem to guard the past . close on time traveller - moving shot 92 curiosity take the time Traveller from the library , through the entrance hall , to the front door . it refuse to respond to he attempt to open it . even when he use he shoulder it do not budge . he step back and fling he full weight against it and with a wrenching SOUND it give slightly . under continue pressure the nail board outside give way and a flood of daylight illuminate the dusty interior . the time Traveller move into the open driveway that be now take over by weed . ext . cottage - long shot - day 93 the time Traveller take a deep breath and look curiously around . everything be overgrown with vine and flower . the house be board up . he start to wander around , think , investigate . ( note : the house be situate upon a site with distinctive landmark that will stay recognizable during he journey into the future , thereby give a clear conception that time - travel do not involve geographical movement . for instance , the sharp curve of the River Thames in the distance will remain even after the house itself have disappear . ) close on time traveller 94 suddenly the SOUND of a approaching engine catch he attention . he look puzzle toward : ext . road - long shot - ( day ) 95 come up the hill on a narrow dusty road be a car of 1916 vintage , with the horn honking . the camera pan with it , up to a SMALL store across the street . the sign above the entrance read : " filby 's Department store " . a mannequin , dress for the period , be in the window . the driver , in the uniform of a second Lieutenant of the first World War , step out of the car . the time Traveller walk over to see he old friend , san moustache . two shot 96 time traveller ( glibly ) go to a masquerade , David ? you look rather silly without you moustache , old man ! filby ( puzzle ) be you address I , sir ? time traveller ( positively ) filby ! I expect more of a enthusiastic greeting from ... filby ( smile as he interrupt ) I be afraid you have I confuse with my father , sir . there be a remarkable resemblance . - I be James filby . time traveller be ? jame filby be you a friend of father 's ? time traveller yes ...yes ... I have be away . jame filby he be kill in the war ... a year ago . time traveller ( aghast ) no !... it can not be ... ( then , as he realize its truth ) I be sorry to hear that . ( pause , then hesitantly point ) and the gentleman who use to live across the street ? jame filby oh , he . some inventor who disappear around the turn of the century . - if you be interested in that house , forget it . you can not buy it or even go inside . time traveller why be that ? jame filby my father be executor of the inventor 's estate and he refuse to liquidate it . ( add with a smile ) I often chide he on that account , but he feel positive that the owner would return some day . - some people hereabout think it 's haunt . ( stare at time Traveller curiously , study the strange cut of he clothes ) who be you , sir ? time traveller just a stranger who once know you father . jame filby I see . ( still curious at the time Traveller 's abstract attitude ) have you be at the front , sir ? time traveller Front ? what front ? jame filby why the war , of course . time traveller what war ? jame filby great heaven , man , do not you know we have be at war with Germany since nineteen fourteen ? I think perhaps you have see action in France ... or maybe ... ( notice confusion , add with a note of compassion ) perhaps a cup of tea would make you feel better . wo not you come in ? time traveller no ...no , thank you . jame filby you be sure you be alright , sir ? time traveller yes , I be quite alright . jame filby ( hesitantly ) then ... goodbye , sir . the time Traveller nod and James filby slowly turn and , glance back repeatedly , enter the Department store . close on time traveller 97 he speak almost to himself . time traveller Goodbye , Jaime . with the bitter taste of death for he old friend , David filby , he slowly walk across the street and return to the cottage . int . laboratory - full shot 98 the time Traveller approach the Machine , step up into the seat , throw he head back and grimly shove the lever forward . skylight - full seot - ( stock and animation ) 99 accent on music , then as the humming of the time machine take over , suddenly pane of glass break one after another , give a clear view of a sky full of swirliing turbulent cloud . dissolve to : close on time traveller 100 the flicker of day and night , as well as the humming , increase and decrease , in accordance with he manipulation of the control . over this : time traveller' voice as I go along , I gain experience in handle the Machine . I find that I could stop for a day , a hour , or even for a second to observe , then go ahead for a year or two . - thus I be able to see the change world in a series of glimpsis . something catch he interest . he pull back the lever to slow down . ext . STREET - full shot - ( night ) - ( stop motion ) 101 with the speed of wind , pedestrian streak across the pavement . the bright light of the night pop out one after another leave a sparingly illuminate street . the humming subside . the mannequin previously see in the show window now wear the clothing of the " Roaring twenties " . a distant clock strike eleven . back to time traveller 102 speak surprised . time traveller good heaven , that 's a dress ? mannequin - mo . shot 103 from she pretty face with the funny hat , the camera pan down to the hem line of she skirt , twelve inch from the floor . back to time traveller 104 a smile appear on he face . time traveller' voice this be intrigue . I wonder just how far woman would permit this to go . he push the lever ahead . flashes and humming increase and we : blur to : the mannequin - full shot - ( day & night ) - 105 ( animation ) as the year speed by interrupted by short blur , the dress of the mannequin change . the skirt get short and short , then drop inch by inch while the hair style vary . the bosom appear to swell with the sink neckline and flatten as the neckline rise . during this : time traveller' voice I begin to grow fond of that mannequin . maybe because , like I , she do not age . the time traveller - mo . shot 106 suddenly he hear the sound of airplane and explosion in a strangely accelerate manner . he look down at the instrument . insert of dial 107 show the passage of time . October , November , December of 1939 and January , February , March , April , May of the year 1940 be peel off . the instrument vibrate erratically . close on time traveller 108 he stare at the dial with much concern as he be pitched back and forth in he Machine . time traveller' voice suddenly , in nineteen forty I begin to be buffete from side to side . my first think be that the Machine have a mechanical defect or a part have wear out . the time Traveller hear the scream of diving plane . he stop the Machine and look up at : skylight - mo . shot - ( night ) - ( stock ) 109 through the pane of break glass we see a clear but limited glimpse of the night sky that be sweep by beam of search light . anti - aircraft battery be firing as a squadron of Nazi fighter plane be catch in the criss - cross beam of light . the sky be pierce with ack ack . then , follow the sound of approaching raf . fighter plane , a dog fight ensue . several of the plane be hit and plummet earthward , ball of streaking flame and fire . close on time traveller 110 gazing up at the grim spectacle . time traveller' voice the last time I have stop be in nineteen seventeen , twenty three year ago . and the war with Germany be still wage - now in the air with fly machine . it do not seem possible they could go on fight all this year and still have the mean of fight . then I realize the truth of the matter . this be a new war . there must have be a interval of peace in between this war . yet they have learn nothing but to prepare even more effective mean of destroy one another . I decide to push on into time and see the outcome . he look down at : insert of dial 111 denote the movement of the Machine through time . the dial spin from 1940 to 1959 where the humming noise subside and the dial again come to a stop . time traveller' voice the fight in the sky last only a few moment . by nineteen forty five it be over , but I continue on a few more year before pause for another glimpse of my silent , never aging friend . the mannequin - full shot - ( day ) 112 in bikini bathing suit . a car , a 1959 model , pass by . close on time traveller 113 smiling . time traveller' voice it vas reassure to find that she have not change . only she costume . provocative to say the least . I wonder what she would look like ten year hence . with a grin he throw the lever forward . insert of dial 114 humming increase and the year spin ; 1960 , 1961 and so on until it finally stop on 1966 . back at the mannequin 115 dress in the sleek dress of the future . first a distant , then a close AIR raid siren howl , menacingly . back on time traveller 116 his smile become a puzzle stare at what he see . ext . STREET in 1966 - long shot - ( day ) 117 people be racing along the sidewalk . the SOUND of more deep -throated siren from all direction come over . driver leave they car of the period in disorder . the run be purposive , however . all be enter particular building or , like that close to the time Traveller , be descend a stairway from the sidewalk down below street level . some glance sky - ward . a little girl pick up the doll she have drop as she father return from the shelter . he gather she up in he arm and rush back to safety . in a few second the street be desert . time machine at edge of park - full shot 118 the time Traveller get out and look around , confuse . time traveller' voice at first I wonder if my Machine and I be the cause of the panic . I be to soon find out we be not . he start off toward the sidewalk , the camera moving with he . at the descend subway stair - way he stop and peer downward , but see no one below . meanwhile , through a loudspeaker o.s. , a melodious symphony orchestra be hear softly , until a burst of chord attract the time Traveller 's attention . ext . store window - full shot 119 a television cabinet on display . the set be operate , show a huge symphony orchestra lead by one of the popular conductor of tomorrow . the camera swing to the modern entrance of filby be department store just as the time Traveller reach the two broad glass door . as he step forward he intercept the ray of electronic eye and the door fly wide open . he stop startle , look about to see who open they . see no one , he start slowly forward . int . department store - long shot 120 from the tv set blare music that gradually become the underscore for the scene . the time Traveller enter and turn he attention to other product of tomorrow -- refrigerator , vacuum cleaner , reduce belt , etc . as he keen mind grasp the significance of each , he smile with approval , proud of he fellow man . his delight increase until he be interrupt by approaching footstep . he look off . reverse shot 121 come from the office be the warden , dress in a plastic suit . he also wear a armband and a white crash helmet , both bear the insignia of " civilian Defense . " mumble be hear from beneath he mask as the camera pan he to the time Traveller . time traveller ( shake he head ) I can not understand you . the warden take off he helmet . he be David filby 's son , James , whom we see in 1917 as a young man . he be now in he mid-sixty . warden ( look at helmet ) confound radio in this thing . make more noise than it do sense . time traveller ( recognize he ) filby ! warden my name be mister filby . - do not you hear the air raid siren ? time traveller you mean that horrible screeching ? warden it be not construct for its aesthetic value , you know , but to warn silly young fool like yourself to get down into the shelter . now go on . time traveller but I be perfectly comfortable and I find you store magnificent . what splendid achievement , what gigantic stride mankind have take , what ... warden ( interrupt ) come on , young man . we would better be go before the mushroom start sprout . ( look at time Traveller with renew interest ) you do look familiar . have not we meet somewhere before ? time traveller indeed we have . right here . many year ago . warden I be sure of that , but the exact time escape I . time traveller it be two war ago , I believe . nineteen seventeen . warden ( awed ) why now I recall . the chap who inquire about my father -- and the house that use to be across the way . ( stop and stare at the time Traveller ) but no ... that 's impossible . you have not change . you be not a day older . and you clothes ... time traveller I be afraid it 's go to take I a little time to explain ... you see ... there be a insistent , ear piecing siren . it last for three second . warden the last alert ... hurry ! he grab the time Traveller by the arm and drag he out . on the STREET - full shot 122 they emerge from the store . the time Traveller pull himself free . time traveller listen to I ! it 's important . warden ( point to sky ) look ! a atomic satellite zeroing in ! that 's important !! the warden run , look back over shoulder , call . warden hurry ! hide ' till the all clear ! he descend into the air raid shelter . close on time traveller - moving shot 123 he look puzzle . time traveller all clear ? ( yell ) I have get to talk to you . the time Traveller look up as he hear the approaching siren of a ambulance . alarm , he run across the street directly in the path of the ambulance that thread its way between the car leave in disorder on the road . the driver spin the steering wheel and the ambulance tilt crazily in try to avoid the time Traveller . suddenly there be a blinding flash . he stop and look startle . view through the street - long shot - ( stock , 124 miniature , split ) a satellite travel over the city in the distance . the flash be follow by a explosion and a giant cobalt mushroom begin to rise over the horizon . back to scene 125 as the time Traveller try again to rush toward he Machine , the shockwave reach he and throw he to the ground . he look back , desperately . the CITY - long shot - ( miniature ) 126 through the thick cloud of smoke and dust we see the once proud city of the future in ruin . only a single , large structure in the f.g. remain stand - ing for a moment , then it also collapse in a instant . time traveller' voice the labor of century go in a instant . the ground shudder with a ominous sound and sudden a great rent appear in the wide street ahead , as though the earth be be tear apart . it zig - zag down the street and from the widen fissure cloud of smoke and steam rise . time traveller' voice but then mother Earth , arouse by man' violence , respond with volcanic violence or she own ! chasm in the ground - ( stock ) 127 the smoke and steam give way to a spluttering of red hot lava which swell slowly at first in a rise tide and then spilling over begin to explode into the air . back on time traveller 128 the time Machine be shake violently , but the time Traveller manage to crawl into it . the thame - long shot - ( stock ) 129 as the river spill over its bed and turn into another direction . the street - ( stock , miniature , split ) 130 with red hot lava swirl around the basis of the remain building . the lower part of the struct - ure in the f.g. dissolve into smoke and flame and the upper part come tumble down into the rise red flood . then the income rush of the river meet the flow tide of lava . the two opposite element , molten rock and cold green water , dwarf the ruin city as they leap toward each other , and meet with explosive fury . the air be rent with the singing hiss of water and the crackling of cool rock . steam whiten the sky . the time machine - long shot - ( stock ) - ( process ) 131 out of the tumult a flow of red hot lava turn aside and leap directly toward the time Machine . time traveller' voice then I see my own danger . I too be to be engulf ! close on time traveller 132 as he see he great peril . time traveller' voice but to go back be unthinkable . he jam the lever forward to its furthest position . the humming soar to a very high pitch . the encroaching lava - ( stock ) 133 it have be approach with the speed of a torrent , but now it literally leap forward in a blind red haze that engulf the entire scene . the time machine - mo . shot 134 the interior of the Machine be permeate with a dull red glow which seem to flow like mist all about the time Traveller . time traveller' voice only my speed through time save I from be roast alive and encase in stone forever . insert of dial 135 they be spin too fast to distinguish anything in the gradually fade red glow . extreme close on time traveller 136 his face be bath in sweat . his eye search the grow darkness . time traveller' voice the molten rock cool . ( he close he burn eye as the last of the light vanish ) I pray ... wonder how many century , how many eon must pass before the wind and rain could wear away the mountain that enclose I . in the pitch darkness there be only the sound of the humming time machine and the slow labored breathing of the time Traveller . then a match flicker . the camera scare back . the time Traveller hold up a burn matchstick , he face glisten with perspiration as he lean forward to look at the dial . time traveller' voice ( whisper ) darkness ... darkness for century . insert of dial 137 they roll very fast . we can distinguish only the pass of year -- 70000 ... 80,000...90,000 ... 100,000 . then the matchlight flicker and go out leave only the dial 's own faint glow . back on time traveller 138 once again there be darkness and the monotonous hum of the time Machine . he breathes heavily and try to calm himself . time traveller' voice I wonder if there be still war be wage on the ground above I ... if man would still exist on earth , when I see the sun again . as he speak , the time Machine go faster and faster . high pitched humming increase . time traveller' voice the century roll by . - I put my trust in time and wait for the rock to wear down around I . a white light from above begin to permeate the dark - ness . the time Traveller look up , he face show immense relief . what he sees - ( animation ) 139 rock deteriorate and a bright blue sky burst into view . accent on music . ext . time machine and ground nearby - long shot 140 ( split , animation ) everything be a blur except the time Machine with its passenger . the black rock on the surface slowly melt away and the flicker sunlight return . the Machine be now finally entirely above ground , the only distinct object in the whirling transparent landscape . ext . time traveller - close shot 141 as he smile gratefully up at the sky . time traveller' voice I be free again ! he look o.s. indistinct countryside - long shot - ( animation ) 142 there be a impression of several great building set wide apart by green landscape -- a landscape which no longer change color even though tree spring up like plume of green smoke . time traveller' voice thousands of century pass , but the earth stay green ! there be no winter ! no war ! - have man finally learn to control both the element and themselves ? - I have to stop and find out . time traveller - mo . shot 143 as he eagerly pull hard on the lever , the humming decrease and the dial freeze on : " 23 November 802,701 " . there be a crash like thunder and the time Machine suddenly go into a spin . the camera zoom back to a full high shot as the machine keel over . the friction cause by the intrusion create a pitiless hail , and we slowly dissolve to : ext . time traveller - close shot - ( day ) 144 thick mist eddyy about he face , undulate dreamily , revealing enough to see that he be unconscious . blood seep from a gash across he forehead . he dazedly open he eye to find that he be gaze across the dewey , green turf . then he look up . ext . the sphinx - full shot - low angle - ( matte ) 145 the vapor rise like a curtain to disclose a great bronze pedestal , green with verdigris , whereon claw foot support the white marble figure of a immense sphinx . the figure have the face of a woman , the body of a huge cat and the tail of a serpent . a weep birch tree barely touch its outspread wing . the time traveller - mo . shot 146 he shake the cobweb out of he head and , followed by the camera , rise with difficulty . still half - daze he press a handkerchief to he temple , as he loosen he collar , then reach into the Machine , pocket the lever and survey he surroundings . landscape - long shot - ( matte ) 147 it look like a garden untend for century . the tree and shrub be laden with strange blossom or exotic fruit . in the distance there be a building that might once have be a temple . vine mat the ancient wall , seemingly hold they together . back to time traveller 148 he smile . time traveller ( to himself ) at last I have find a paradise . he start off toward the building whistling he favorite tune , " the land of the leal " . the camera accompanies he as he look about with interest . what he sees - moving shot 149 strange , exotic fruit bend the branch of the tree , some purplish and gourd -shape , other suggest giant raspberry , mango , etc . time traveller' voice nature tame completely and more bountiful than ever before . variety of flowers - moving shot 150 the camera pan under bough laden with orchid and a multitude of other gorgeous blossom . time traveller' voice Flowers everywhere ... the whole landscape one vast garden with no sign of weed or briar . ext . entrance to great build - long shot - ( day ) 151 the time Traveller pause and look up at the building . across facade - pan down - ( miniature ? ) 152 vine creep up the crevice . the ornamental stone work , while rich in detail , be weathered and break with age . time traveller' voice ( surprised ) unrepaire for century ! maybe unlive in for as long . ( then ) it would be no paradise if it belong to I alone . int . entrance - mo . shot 153 shoot through the archway we see the time Traveller mount the step and enter the building . int . the great hall - full shot - ( matte ) - ( day ) 154 in the background across the hall , the time Traveller halt . he be dwarf by the height of the vault ceiling . although ancient in appearance , everything be ultra modern in design . sunlight stream through window where half the pane of stain glass be break . fade curtain droop in dusty fold along the wall , and at random about the floor be low table , some heavily fracture , load with bowl of fruit . his footstep echo through the great hall as the time Traveller cross to : a table - mo . shot 155 the time Traveller glance down at the spread of exotic fruit . everything look fresh and clean as though newly prepare . yet there be no indication of life or sound , either human or animal . the air hang in a deathlike stillness . slowly the time Traveller turn and look around the wall , he eye search , scrutinize for some clue to this strange place . there be none . then he pick up a empty marble plate and pound with it on the top of the table . time traveller ( shouting ) anyone here ? but a echo be he only answer . curiously he be - trace he step and leave the great hall . ext . landscape - full shot - ( day ) 156 pick up the time Traveller as he walk slowly along . every sense he possess be on the alert . his eye probe every bush and tree and object that could possibly conceal some person or thing . series of shot 157-161 as the time Traveller take this long , slow walk , intercut insert of the various innocent object he look at with closeup of time Traveller as he react to the bewilder silence and lack of life or movement . the continue stretch of emptiness build up a wave of apprehension in the time Traveller which grow as he move along . the apprehension mount into tension and gradually but inevitably approach the state of horror that a human be would experience in a strange place where he have just come from a innocent freshly set table of ripe fruit and step outside into a beautiful but weird vacuum . ext . wooded area - long shot 162 as the time Traveller reach the edge of the tree , he hesitates , then move into the forest . series of shot 163-166 the tree be thick and deep shadow cut patch of darkness through the bright sunlight which struggle to penetrate the maze . the time Traveller walk with continue wariness through the tree , glance from leave to right and occasionally stop dead still and quickly darting a glance behind he at what he imagine to be some sound of movement . but all this be imaginary on he part . there be nothing that move or make a sound in this forest . suddenly he stop as he distinctly hear a familar and quite human combination of noise . the SOUND splashing water and laughter . he hurry to some dense foliage where he stop to cautiously peer out . ext . the pool - long shot - ( day ) 167 the time Traveller 's view be partially obscure by the leave . at considerable distance upstream , the people of the future be swim in a natural pool and sun themselves on a beach of white sand . they be small , but delicately form . they grace and beauty fit perfectly into this splendid new world . the spot be also extremely lovely , surround by fern tree , and with the water plunging into it from a high waterfall . below the pool the stream emerge in a swift torrent . another , closer shot 168 a beautiful girl , dress in a silken robe of white and gold , start run . as she run , she loosen she robe which drift to the sand and she dive deep into the crystal water . close on time traveller 169 he smile philosophically and lean back against a tree trunk , watch the distant swimmer , reassure . time traveller ( musingly , to himself ) so this be man 's future ... group shot 170 the people , apparently without any care of the world , play , romp and swim . time traveller ( o.s . ) ...to bask in the sunlight , bathe in the clear stream and eat the fruit of earth with all knowledge of work and hardship forget . back to time traveller 171 he pause , think back on what he have just say . time traveller well , and why not ? suddenly a shrill scream come over from the pool . he turn . the pool - long shot 172 the girl have swum out too far and be catch by the swift torrent . she cry out piteously . the other people turn they head toward she , but make no move to help . close on girl 173 she have catch a ledge of rock and cling . two little man , they bare foot dangle in the water , sit nearby but ignore the girl 's plight . time traveller - moving shot 174 he jump out from the foliage , rush to the bank , point toward the girl and try to attract the attention of that near she on the bank . time traveller help she !... no one move . he run toward the ledge . back to the girl 175 her grasp on the ledge grow weaker . she be at the point of let go . time traveller - moving shot 176 reaching the ledge , he push past the people nearby and grasp the girl 's wrist just as she finger slip . quickly , he pull she out of the river 's turbulent current and lift she up in he arm . girl - extreme close up 177 look up at the time Traveller bewilder , she show neither fear nor gratitude . time traveller - extreme close up 178 gazing back at the girl thoroughly puzzle . he turn and glance down at the two little people on the ledge . close two shot 179 this two man will later be know as the young man and the man in white . they return the time Travel - ler 's look of scorn with pleasant smile as if they do not know the meaning of a mean look . time traveller & girl - extreme close , moving shot 180 try to avoid look at the drip , robeless girl - after all he be a victorian - he carry she to the safety of the bank and set she down on the sandy beach beneath the tree . the camera follows he as he straighten , then quickly take off he jacket and throw it around she . he look at she for the first time see the almost ultimate in feminine beauty . time traveller be you all right ? time traveller & girl - full shot 181 wearing he velvet jacket very appealingly , she calmly rise , turn and , without a word , walk away . the time Traveller stare after she in astonishment . the disconcern people , now all dress in multi- color robe , be leave the pool . they walk past the time Traveller as though he be a part of the scenery , merely add to he confusion . close on time traveller 182 perplex . dissolve to : ext . entrance to the great build - ( sunset ) 183 shoot toward the archway . the sun be sink as the last straggler of the little people enter the great hall . the time Traveller slowly follow they . he pause on the step to see if any will turn back to either welcome he or resent he intrusion , but they move on with lack of interest , completely . he sit down on the step , thoroughly perplex at this utter indifference . time traveller - mo . shot 184 seat on the step lean against a column . he sense another 's presence , look about , see no one , then turn to glance over he shoulder . the girl , now wear she robe and hold he jacket over she arm , appear from behind the column . he look at she and smile reassuringly , but make no move toward she . - she come closer , then sit on the step above he and return he jacket . while he slowly slip it on , she slide down a step to sit alongside he . the girl why do you ? time traveller why do I what ? the girl come after I . time traveller ( ironic ) I do it to save you life , young lady , which I be afraid do not hold much meaning for you or anyone else . the girl ( simply ) it do not . time traveller must have be fifty of you friend watch you drow . not one of they so much as lift a finger . - ( shake he head ) a curious attitude - in a curious world . ( a pause , then a smile ) be not you the least bit interested in what I be ... where I come from ? the girl ( innocently ) should I be ? time traveller ( smile ) perhaps you would better take I to someone a bit older I can talk to . the girl there be no one older . the time Traveller be suddenly strike by the truth of she word . all of the little people seem to be of the girl 's age or young . time traveller do not anyone age in this land of yours ? the girl make no reply . instead she gaze off at the sun which be low in the heaven . shadows have already fall over the distant hill . time traveller what 's you name ? the girl weena . time traveller how do you spell that ? weena spell ? time traveller write ! - can not you write ? look ! he bend over , pick up a stick and start to draw on the ground . insert : dust 185 as the stick write out : " W E E N a " back to scene 186 she show little interest . time traveller and what be you people call ? weena ( as if he ought to know ) eloi. insert of dust 187 the stick now write in the dust : " E L o I " back to scene 188 a shadow cross she face . suddenly she spring to she foot , concerned . weena come . we must go in . time traveller ( rise ) why ? what 's wrong ? weena ( anxiously ) it be get dark . she grab he hand and pull he toward : int . the great hall - long shot - ( matte ? ) - ( day ) 189 crowd now . the people of the future be sit on cushion around the table , have they evening meal . the glow orange light of the set sun pierce the break window , lend a curious at - mosphere to the place . no one pay attention to weena or to the time Traveller as they enter in the b.g. at the MAIN table - mo . shot 190 a score of attractive young man and young woman be enjoy they dinner . there be a general atmos - phere of bubbling good humor . they do not even look up as weena and the time Traveller sit down at the table . she hand he a orange-sized raspberry . he take it , look at the Young man and the man in White who sit across the table from he and try to engage they in conversation . time traveller ( direct to Young man , but mean for the entire group ) I do not mind tell you , I be quite hungry . I have come a long , long way . look around for some kind of a reaction . there be none . close on time traveller 191 he bite into the fruit . it 's good . while he be eat he search for another way to bring up the subject . time traveller in my time a berry this size would have make news in every civilized country . group shot 192 there be no reaction , so he address the Young man again . time traveller Sir , perhaps curiosity have die . perhaps even courtesy have die , but I have come a long way and there be thing I would like to know . young man ( consider a moment , then ) why ? time traveller because I shall return to my time and they will ask question such as what kind of government rule you world . man in white we have no government . time traveller ( speak as though to a child ) you must have a body of man who pass and enforce law . man in white there be no law . time traveller ( take aback , then ) how do you get you food and clothing ? the man in White look at the Young man beside he . they both shrug they shoulder . time traveller do not anyone work ? man in white no . time traveller ( pick up fruit ) then where do this come from ? man in white it grow . it always grow . time traveller but it must be plant , cultivate , nurture ... unless ... ( with mistaken insight as he observe no reaction to this last query ) unless you have a economy so well organize that you can devote all you time to study and experimentation . be I right ? man in white you ask many question . time traveller ( annoyed ) yes ! and I be not ashamed of it . that be how man have learn and bettere himself . I must learn about you and you civilization . you have book , do not you ? young man ( recognize a half - forget word ) book . - book ! yes , we have book . he rise and beckon . the time Traveller 's brow clear . time traveller book will tell I what I want to know . book will tell I all about you . he too get up and follow the Young man . at the wall - long shot 193 the Young man lead . he reach the wall and seize a ancient curtain which cover it . a cloud of dust rise as he tug it aside and the curtain fall , almost crumble . shelves and shelf of book be disclose . the book be old even though many of they have futuristic de - sign . the binding of once proud volume hang in brown tatter . the time Traveller step to the book . close on time traveller 194 the realization of the true state of affair show on he face . he be appal . carefully he pull a volume from the shelf . its bind break as he open it and , when he hand touch the page , they crumple like ash and drift to the floor . he drop the book . his voice be a shocked whisper . time traveller yes ... they do tell I all about you ! with sudden violence he slam he fist into a whole shelf of book . his hand plow through they and the dust swirl into the air . he turn back in anger . time traveller what have you do ? thousands of year of building and rebuild create and re-creating so that you can let it crumble to dust . with one hand he grab the Young man and shake he . time traveller a million yesterday of sensitive man die for they dream . for what ? so you can swim and dance and play . he release he and leave . the hall - moving shot 195 the time Traveller stomp among the eloi , hat they for they dissipation . without emotion they watch he walk toward the entrance . only weena jump to she foot . her former indifference be go . at the entrance 196 from the top step , the time Traveller look down at they . time traveller I be return to my time ! not to tell of the uselessness of the struggle - not to tell of the hopeless future - but only so that I can die among man ! he turn and stride toward the door . ext . entrance - mo . shot - ( dusk ) 197 the time Traveller burst out of the building . a moment later weena appear in the archway . she stand there , look after he . dissolve to : ext . forest - long shot - ( night ) 198 there be patch of mist and haze between the tree . with a blaze torch the time Traveller stride across . ext . time traveller on the path - ( night ) 199 come from the distance the camera pan he to the edge of lawn , where he stop short , jerk the pipe from he mouth , he eye wide with con - sternation . he raise the torch high to see : ext . the lawn - full shot - ( night ) 200 there be no time Machine . close on time traveller 201 in stunne shock . the path - full shot 202 holding he torch high , the time Traveller hurry toward the bush around the edge of the lawn look for he Machine , beat the branch with he free hand . after he pass one of the bush , a white indistinct creature dash out of it and disappear in the darkness . unaware of this , the time Traveller stop in the mindle of the lawn where the Machine be last see . ( note : the surround be suggestive of the spot where the time Traveller 's house once stand . ) he look about , slowly turn in a complete circle . meanwhile the camera move in close . then , sud - denly remember , he dig he free hand into the pocket of he trouser , draw out the lever he have remove and look at it with self - assurance . returning the lever to he pocket , he drop to he knee and by the light of he torch , scrutinize the grass . the ground - time traveller' p.o.v. 203 the turf have be rip in parallel groove as though some heavy object have be drag across . camera move slowly forward follow this groove and halt where small misshapen , half - human foot - print stand out clearly in the freshly turn earth . time traveller - moving shot 204 he straighten slowly , he eye narrow . nervously he look around , then step on follow - ing the groove . back to the footprint 205 the camera continue to follow the groove straight across the lawn to the flagstone around the white sphinx . there be dark scratch on the stone lead to the wide panel in the base of the pedestal . here the mark end . at the pedestal - mo . shot 206 the time Traveller pause , then give the panel a exploratory knock . it respond with a hollow SOUND . the time Traveller thrust he torch between the claw of the sphinx . with both hand now free , he try unsuccessfully to push the panel either to right or leave or up or down . take a penknife from he pocket , he run the blade around the panel 's edge hunt for a secret latch . no success . then he pause , search for a tool , and see a loosen flagstone . he pick it up . with this heavy weight he batter the panel . at each blow it resound loudly , not unlike a go . four time he strike , and then on the fifth blow the rock shatter in he hand . he stop in despair . close on time traveller 207 he sense he be under observation by a unseen presence . alarm , he whip around then look up to : the sphinx - low angle - ( miniature or matte ) 208 the marble face look baleful , almost smile in the torch light . back on time traveller 209 he turn and peer toward : the bushes 210 in the shadow , beyond reach of the light , be a wide semi-circle of luminous eye , reflect the flame of the torch . time traveller - full shot 211-213 he grab he torch from the pedestal and slowly pace toward the nearest bush . but as he ap - proaches , the glow eye vanish in the haze , follow by a ghostly impression of pale , flee creature . the time Traveller halt and turn in another direction . the same thing happen . then he have a idea . bend , he beat the torch against the moist soil and extinguish it . now in the darkness he straighten and wait , peer around until he hear a twig crack , then move into the deep shadow of a tall bush , look off . the path 214 through the mist in the foliage a pale figure approach slowly . it emerge onto the lawn . time traveller - mo . shot 215 the camera follows as he leap forward , grapples the other figure and bear it to earth . for a moment there be a struggle and then the other figure lie perfectly still . the time Traveller rear back to get a look at it . the figure on the ground - extreme close shot 216 it be weena . the move shadow of the time Traveller reveal she pale face , with close eye , wear a expression of helpless terror . she appear to be wait for the inevitable end , but when it do not come , she slowly open she eye . she see the time Traveller and she face record a wave of relief . the camera withdraws to two shot as the time Traveller , embarrassed , help she sit up . weena I hear you pound ... I come to tell you ... time traveller how do you open that panel ? weena no one open it . only the morlock . time traveller morlock ? - who be the morlock ? a look of fear come into she eye . she drift she gaze away from he , too frighten to answer . gently he take she by the shoulder and turn she to face he . time traveller why be you afraid of the morlock ? again weena drop she eye from he , but he cup he hand beneath she chin and tenderly turn she head back so that she eye meet he . time traveller tell I . weena when they call , we must go below . time traveller do the morlock live beneath the earth ? ( weena nod ) why must you obey they command ? weena they give we the food we eat , the clothes we wear . we must do as they command . time traveller what happen to you people when they go below ? weena ( repress a in - voluntary shudder ) no one know . no one have ever return . time traveller ( smile at she warmly , reassuringly ) it will not happen to you . weena look up at he , she fear dwindling , find - ing comfort in this strange be whom she cannot understand . then she glance high into the dark sky and the old fear return . weena it be night . time traveller only child be frighten by the dark . - but then you be a child , be not you ? ( weena glance around warily into the shadow , she anxiety mount ) I will build a fire . weena ( take he hand , rise ) let we go from here . time traveller ( get up ) I can not , child . ( walk toward the sphinx ) my Machine be inside there , I intend to wait here ' till morning , then find some way of get inside . weena ( catch up ) no , you must not . time traveller ( stop , then ) help I gather some wood . the lawn and the base - long shot 217 reluctantly she help he collect a few twig which she hand over to he . weena where be you from ? time traveller ( pick up dry branch ) as a matter of fact , I be from right here . ( gesture ) there 's where my house stand many thousand of year ago . here - to that monument , be my laboratory . about there be my library where I once sit talk with friend about my time Machine . meanwhile , weena have seat herself near the bush in the f.g. close on weena 218 she watch every move he make . time traveller' voice ( continue ) I hope to learn a great deal . I hope to take back the knowledge , the advancement , mankind make ... instead what do I find ? vegetable ! meanwhile a pair of pale , hairy hand rise slowly from behind she . time traveller - mo . shot 219 with he back turn , he be pile up the stick . time traveller ( continue ) the human race reduce to live vegetable ! back to weena 220 the hairy hand grab she shoulder . the fear paralyze she . she be unable to scream . back to time traveller 221 he be about to light a match , but find he need more wood . without turn he call back to weena . time traveller get I a few more twig . when there be no answer he turn and look . at the bushes 222 weena be go . the camera zip to left , then to right and finally stop on the limp leg of weena slowly disappear under the brush . time traveller - moving shot 223 we hear the rustling of branch and quick diminishing footstep as the camera rush with the time Traveller toward the bush . he help weena to she foot and draw she to the pile of dry branch . time traveller ( after calming she ) what be it ? weena ( low ) morlock . time traveller ( strike match and hold it to twig ) this seem to keep they away . close on weena 224 she gaze into the fire , with fascination . slowly she raise she hand and reach out to grasp the flame . two shot 225 the time Traveller grab she hand . it be almost too late . she look at she burn hand with more amazement than pain . time traveller ( while examine she hand ) what ever make you put you hand in the fire ? weena I never see it before . apparently no harm do , the time Traveller release she hand . he shake he head in amazement and sit down beside she . time traveller ( after a long silence ) do you know that the first thing which separate man from the rest of the mammal be he knowledge of fire ? ( he look at she ) no , I suppose you do not . ( poke at fire ) the next great stride come with the discovery of the wheel . ( turn to she ) do you know what that be ? ( she shake she head ) I be sorry I be angry with you people . I have no right to be . no more than if I have visit the Island of Bali in my own time . you be safe inside you great house , yet you come out into the night to warn I . the one characteristic which distinguished man from the animal kingdom be the spirit of self sacrifice . you have that quality , girl . I be sure all of you people have it . all it require be someone to reawaken it . I shall try if you will let I . will you ? weena I do not understand you , but I believe you . time traveller that 's a good start . - now try to tell I ... who or what be the morlock ? ( weena look at he blankly ) be they people or animal ? ( she expression remain unchange ) what do you know about yourself ? the past ? do not you people ever speak of the past ? weena there be no past . time traveller do not you ever wonder about the future ? weena there be no future . another angle 226 the time Traveller be stare into the fire stir the glow ember as he speak slowly and with compassion , hope to arouse some feel within she , even though she may not grasp the meaning of the word . time traveller man 's past be mainly a grim struggle for survival , but there have be moment when a few voice have speak up . this rare moment have make the history of man a glorious thing . I refuse to believe it be dead and go . we have have we dark age before and this be only another of they . all you need be for someone to show you the way out . - I be only a tinkering mechanic , but there must be this hide spark in one of you people . if I can only kindle that spark , my come here will have some meaning . during he speech weena have cuddle close to he , she cheek touch he knee . he look down at she and see he have make a friend . he place he hand gently on she hair . she look up , she eye no longer show fear . they face be illuminate by the dance flame . the FIRE - close shot 227 it crackle reassuringly . slow dissolve to : ext . well - full shot - ( day ) 228 the ring of flame from the previous scene be seemingly replace by a dark , circular shaft from which come the low throbbing of some giant machine , pound , beat monotonously . the camera move back to include the landscape where more well be visible in the distance , each surround by a low , porcelain wall . they roof be shine brass - like disk . across the field , from the direction of the sphinx , approach the time Traveller , carry he jacket over he shoulder , and a few step behind , weena . time traveller' voice my effort next morning to open the panel be fruitless . I have to find another way to retrieve my Machine . weena , concerned , stand back as the time Traveller walk up to the well in the f.g. and peer down into : the shaft - high angle 229 it descend into darkness , but near the top can be see handhold in a irregular pattern . the throbbing of machine be ominous . at the mouth of well - full shot 230 the time Traveller in the f.g. turn back to weena . time traveller listen ! ( pause ) do you hear ? weena ( fearfully ) yes . time traveller machine ! weena no ... morlock . time traveller ( straighten , amaze ) you mean that animal run machine ? weena they be morlock . time traveller ( as he walk to she ) I know , but have you see the machine ? close on weena 231 she shake she head . weena no , only hear of they . the camera ease back to include the time Traveller as he reach she . time traveller who tell you ? weena the talk ring . time traveller ( move closer to she ) what sort of ring ? weena ( with a shrug ) ring that talk . time traveller can you show I this ring ? weena nod and start off . he follow she . dissolve to : int . great hall - full shot - ( day ) 232 desert , until weena lead the time Traveller past the table toward the shelf of crumble book that the Young man have previously show he . she enter a archway and walk up a dark stone corridor . he follow . int . stone corridor - mo . shot 233 weena lead the time Traveller up the corridor where it veer sharply to the right . they disappear around the corner . int . GREEN museum - long shot - ( day ) - ( matte ) 234 the time Traveller and weena stop at the threshold of a huge museum - like room , all do in a greenish color porcelain - like substance . there be no window , but the vault ceiling have a transparent dome where the sun 's ray , change with the course of day , illuminate the entire museum . it be evidently a place that no one bother to visit . time traveller & weena - moving shot 235 they foot kick up small flurry of dust as they walk among exhibition of a long bygone era still existent behind plastic . some of the case be break and they content , expose to the atmos - phere , have decaye , crumble to dust . we recognize object and machine , some belong to the early part of the twentieth century and still other take on the form and shape that the audience of today will recognize as contemporary . then they pass cabinet that hold object of a time far beyond comprehension . weena finally lead the time Traveller to a break case which contain several box of golden ring a few inch in diameter and one inch wide , line with minutely space groove . he pick up the nearest box and examine its content . time traveller ( pick up a ring ) be this the talk ring ? weena yes . time traveller they speak ? weena yes . time traveller of what ? weena thing no one here understand . time traveller how do you get it to talk ? weena take the ring from the time Traveller and lay it on a smooth top porcelain block on its edge , like a coin , and spin it like a top . insert : whirling ring 236 a voice emerge from the spin ring as the current of air flow through its groove , much like a phono - graph needle evoke sound as it play through the surface of one of we record . voice from ring whomsoever chance upon this ring will probably hear the last record voice of civilized man . this be the year four thousand eight hundred and twenty -nine . two shot 237 the time Traveller be listen in fascination and weena in disinterested detachment . voice from ring ( cont would ) the war between the East and West , which be now in its three hundredth and twenty - sixth year have at last come to a end . there be nothing leave to fight with and few of we leave to fight . the atmosphere have become so pollute with deadly germ that it can no longer be breathe . there be no place on this planet that be immune . the last survive factory for the manufacture of oxygen have be destroy . stockpile be rapidly diminish and when they be go , we must die ... the last few word decrease in volume and fade away . the time Traveller eagerly reach into the case for the second ring and spin it . another voice from ring this be the last day . we , the last to survive , have have we final meeting . we have decide to split into two group . each man and woman have make he own decision . some have choose to take refuge in the great cavern and find a new way of life far down below the earth 's surface . the rest of we have decide to take we chance in the sunlight , small as that chance may be . the voice from the ring dwindle and be hear no more . the time Traveller quickly pick up the third and last ring and spin it . no word be hear -- only the SOUND of marching footstep over floor of stone -- then a deadly silence . close on time traveller 238 as he watch the last ring spin to a standstill . over this : time traveller' voice from the talk ring I learn how the human race divide itself and how the world of the eloi and morlock begin . he turn . GREEN museum - long shot 239 the time Traveller pace across the hall . weena hurry after he . time traveller' voice by some quirk of fate the morlock have become the master and the eloi they servant . the morlock main - tain they and breed they like cattle only to take they below when they reach maturity , which explain why there be no older people along they . they exit . great hall - full shot 240 the time Traveller , follow by weena , walk from the book shelf toward the entrance . time traveller' voice now I know I must go below . it be the only mean of find a way up into the sphinx to reach my Machine and to find out what happen to the little people when they go below . they leave the great Hall . ext . landscape - full shot - ( day ) 241 the time Traveller stride toward one of the well . weena sense he intention and catch up with he to grasp he arm . weena no ...do not go ... please . he shake she off . at mouth of well - mo . shot 242 the time Traveller place he jacket on the wall . then into the well he drop a dry leaf which , instead of flutter slowly down , be at once suck out of sight by the current from the shaft . then he look around and find a pebble , drop it down the well and listen . after a plop be hear he put he arm down the shaft as far as it go , feel its surface , then throw he leg over the porcelain wall and start to descend . weena rush to he side to stop he . weena you will not come back . time traveller I will be back . weena shake she head and , as though give he a farewell gift , thrust a large blossom into he pocket . the time Traveller smile as he dis - appear . from throat of well - low angle 243 lock from below , the top of the well appear like a small blue disk with weena peer down . the time Traveller grope he way . suddenly from the far distance come the SOUND of low but powerful siren . weena straighten . close on weena 244 a expression of fear come slowly over she face as the low siren be join by another of higher pitch . the two make a grate dissonance . slowly she turn in the direction of the sound . back with time traveller 245 he look up , concerned , pause in he descent . back to weena 246 as the third discordant blast join the other two , weena 's fear be go . in its place be a expre - sion of utter resignation . like someone in a trance she open she eye and stare straight ahead . then , as though she be summoning all she strength to go through some ordeal , she start walk away . the camera pan and we see the breeze ripple she silken robe about she as she move . ( note : during the above and throughout the follow - ing sequence the dirge - like whistle continue , echoing mournfully . ) reverse shot 247 weena be walk forward and disappear behind the tree as the time Traveller emerge from the well in the b.g. close on time traveller 248 look for weena . she be nowhere to be see . his face show exasperation , bewilderment . time traveller weena ! where be you , girl ? weena - full shot 249 she continue to walk toward the source of the siren . time traveller - moving shot 250 the dirge -like melody become louder , pulsate , as he pause to watch : ext . edge of forest - long shot - ( day ) 251 emerging from the forest be two eloi , a man and a woman . they be several pace apart and pay no attention to one another . both have exactly the same manner as weena . they walk along , eye straight ahead , face expressionless . close on time traveller 252 as he look ahead , then leave and right , search . various group of eloi - ( split ? ) 253-254 in the open country now , the forest behind they . in they colorful robe , the eloi march slowly across the green landscape . all be converge toward a single point somewhere ahead . weena among eloi 255 they walk close together , pay no attention to one another , follow the command of the melancholy strain of the siren . back on time traveller 256 his concern have turn to apprehension as he try to grasp the meaning of what he observe . ext . the siren on the sphinx - full shot - ( day ) 257 ( miniature ) it be the source of the sound . there be little burst of vapor from the top of the siren as they repeat they tone , like a fantastic pipe organ behind the sphinx . time traveller and eloi 258 all of they walk in the same direction . the time Traveller look this way and that , bewilder . but the eloi disregard he and march straight ahead , eye forward . the time Traveller break into a run . two shot 259 the time Traveller overtake the Young man , seize he arm and jerk he to a halt . around they pass the shadow of the march eloi. time traveller what 's happen ? tell I ! the Young man show no emotion as he struggle to free himself . his movement be almost mechanical . this unnerve the time Traveller . he stare at he , release he grip . the moment the Young man be free , he face about and continue he march . the time Traveller be - main motionless , watch he go . the echoing siren be now get on he nerve . ext . entrance to the great build - long shot - 260 ( day ) the eloi pour out of the great Hall , walk in a trance - like state . ext . landscape - extreme long shot - ( day ) - ( split ? ) 261 from all direction the eloi in they bright robe be move , singly and in long file . the impre - sion be one of vastness -- a feel that mankind be march to some unknown doom . time traveller - moving shot 262 he spot a girl , rush up , grab she from behind . but it be not weena . disappointed , he release she , then go on again , cover he ear with he palm , fight to retain command of he own reason . several shot of the siren - ( miniature ) 263-265 at various angle -- up , sideways , tilt . the wailing be deafening . close on time traveller 266 he still strive to control himself , move forward , then pause in amazement , look straight ahead . ext . the sphinx - full shot - ( day ) - ( matte ) 267 it be toward the white sphinx that the eloi have be march . but now the panel , upon which the time Traveller have pound so hard , be wide open , revealing a dark entrance into the pedestal . and despite they previous repugnance to the sphinx , all of the people be now march across the lawn resolutely to it . at the pedestal - long shot 268 the Young man be the first to reach it . he enter the wide open and start descend into sub - terranean darkness . other follow , weena among they . time traveller ( o.s. ) weena ! without hearing he she pass through the entrance . time traveller - moving shot 269 he desperately push forward , elbow he way past other in he haste to overtake weena . the crowd impede he progress and he shove the eloi impatiently aside as he fight on . time traveller ( shout in despair ) weena ! the panel 270 slowly close and the sound of the siren gradually die away . the time Traveller reach the panel as it shut tight before he can touch it . he spread he palm against it in despair , then turn to face that eloi who , like he , be lock outside . what he see astonish he . group of eloi 271 they no longer approach the sphinx . the cease of the siren seem to have release they from they hypnotic spell and now , awake again and frighten , they be retreate . back to time traveller 272 as he go after they to the edge of the flagstone and call out angrily . time traveller stop ! back to eloi 273 feature the man in White in the f.g . they halt and stare back . the time Traveller 's voice come over like a whip . time traveller ( o.s. ) what be you run from ? none of the eloi answer . toward the sphinx - full shot 274 Beyond several eloi the time Traveller stand in the shadow of the white sphinx . he step slowly forward onto the lawn , look around the big semi-circle of he audience . time traveller ( sharply , gesture back toward the panel ) where have they go ? ( no answer ) what happen to they ? ( no answer ) do not stand there like a fatte cattle graze contentedly in lush pasture . - answer I ! what 's wrong ? man in white ( calmly ) there be nothing wrong . it be all clear . time traveller what do you mean , all clear ? man in white ( repeat ) all clear ! time traveller ( think rapidly , talk to himself ) once .... in the middle nineteen hundred I hear a man ... ( it burst upon he ) the fall bomb ! ( to the man in white and the crowd ) that 's over . go . Dead for hundred of thousand of year . there be no more fly machine . no bomb . no war ! man in white yes , the ring have tell we that story . time traveller - mo shot 275 time traveller but you do not listen . you do not learn anything . all that be leave be fear ... a blind animal fear . Ages ago man be teach to hide in the ground when the siren blow ... teach to run from a raining death ... but that man be dead ! and so be the man who slaughter they . do not you understand ? ( look around pleadingly ) you be slave of a dead past ... you do not even own you soul . you be lead to slaughter like sheep ! man in white ( o.s . ) but there be nothing to fear now , it 's all clear . time traveller what about that who go below ? how be they to come back ? man in white 276 he look ominously at the time Traveller . man in white they never come back . nobody can bring they back . unimpress , the crowd begin to disperse , the man in White follow they . back to time traveller 277 Calling after they . time traveller you can try . wo not any of you even try ? he see that the situation be hopeless . time traveller ( almost to himself ) well , someone have to try ! he run off . series of shot 278 the time Traveller run through the forest . ( a ) he be labor up the open hillside . ( b ) the eloi in a semi-circle silently watch . a few ( c ) of they hesitantly start after the time Traveller . ext . the well - full shot - ( day ) 279 arrive , the time Traveller pause to catch he breath , pick up a piece of wood that could serve as a torch , then jump over the wall and start to descend . over this a faint throbbing of machine can be hear . shoot into shaft - high angle 280 the time Traveller climb down , grip the wall with he hand and foot . the depth beneath he be dizzying . throbbing louder . in the well - full shot 281 as the time Traveller descend , the camera follows he , step after step . the deeper he go , the darker it become and the throbbing of machine increase as well . suddenly a rock give beneath he weight . he barely save himself . not without fear he pause to rest , glance upward . from the throat of well - low angle 282 a couple of the curious eloi peer downward , watch the time Traveller 's progress . back to time traveller 283 a metal ladder affix to the wall bring he finally to the open of a transverse passageway . in almost complete darkness he step from the ladder into the tunnel and pause to take the piece of wood from he belt , but decide not to light it . he bend and peer ahead . int . great cavern - full shot 283x1 the time Traveller emerge onto the bridge in the b.g. , pause for a moment to survey the surroundings , then start slowly down the staircase carve along the wall . the gloom be relieved only by puffing smoke and waver - ing light , revealing occasionally vague shape and grotesque shadow . ( note : dripping water from the wall and throbbing of machine punctuate the desolation of this scene as well as the follow sequence . ) close on t.t. - moving shot 283x2 walk , he notice a open ahead and cautiously move toward : int . entrance to feasting room - full shot 283x3 at the threshold of this dark , silent cell the t.t. pause , then slowly enter . behind he , across the cavern , a indistinct figure watch , but quickly disappear as the t.t. strike a match . the sight that the t.t. behold fill he with revulsion and horror . the feasting room - t.t.'s p.o.v. 283X4 this be obviously a feast place of the morlock . in the flicker light we see stone table and scattered around the floor far below the unmistak - able remain of human bone after the flesh have be carnivorously pick away . t.t.'s voice so , this be the destiny of the eloi. close on t.t. 283x5 his feature twisted in horror in the flicker light of he match . t.t.'s voice ( continue ) they be be breed like cattle by the morlock who have degenerate into the lowest form of human life ... cannibalism . the match die between he finger . suppress a shudder , the t.t. turn and as he leave this chamber of horror , the rock behind he come to life . a pale , spectral morlock cross the screen in the f.g. descend . another in the b.g. do likewise . machine - full shot 283X6 morlock , they indistinct body obscene in they mockery of the human form , labor endlessly tend the need of they machinery . they look up toward the intruder as they hear he approaching footstep , then hide . stairway - moving shot 283x7 the t.t. slowly descend the slender stone stairway that hug the sheer wall . meanwhile at the base of the feast room under the stairway on which the t.t. be move a morlock move a curtain aside and reveal itself . it silently watch as another morlock appear at the top of the stair and follow . [ page 89a missing from hard copy ] group of eloi 283X15 pass near the t.t. 's hide place . weena and the Young man be side by side . at the machine 283X16 the morlock who follow the t.t. be close in . back to t.t. - moving shot 283X17 he be unaware of the morlock behind he . hugging the rock , he make he way to the close possible point where he can still remain unobserve by the herding morlock and get weena 's attention . he reach out . t.t. weena ! but she continue on with complete resignation to she fate . unmindful of he own safety , he leave he hide - ing place and grasp she by the shoulder . t.t. ( shaking she ) girl ! ( he turn and grasp the pass Young man ) come to you sense ! all of you ! as the t.t. pull weena toward the staircase , the Young man follow . foot of stairway 283x18 morlock block the escape . three shot 283X19 the camera move with the t.t. , weena and the Young man as they be force to retreat . at entrance of feasting room 283X20 where other morlock with cracking whip herd the eloi into the chamber of horror . one of the morlock spot the t.t. , weena and the Young man . he swing he whip . back to three shot 283x21 the camera move with they as vicious cracking whip drive they back to the entrance of the feast room . two shot 283x22 the t.t. try to protect weena . suddenly a long lash of a whip strike like a serpent and coil about the t.t. 's neck . he drop he unlit torch and whirl in pain . another whip scare weena into the chamber of horror , while several other whip land on the t.t. 's shoulder . finally he grab the whip from around he neck and jerk it , wrenching it free . at the entrance of feasting room 283X23 the t.t. , wield the whip fiercely , drive the morlock back several pace , then suddenly from above a pale body of a morlock land on he , knock he down , cause he to drop the whip . on the ground the cowardly morlock stumble away leave the t.t. a prey to the battery of cracking whip . he crawl in pain into the chamber of horror . groupshot inside feasting room 283x24 the t.t. come to he foot among the eloi . the whip have stop , then the silence be break by the growl of approach morlocks . through the curtain , dark shape swarm toward they . then suddenly the t.t. pull out he matchbox from he pocket . a match flare ! group of morlocks 283x25 in the glare of yellow light we see the leprous figure of blind morlock , drop they whip , shield they eye . through morlocks's eye - ( optical effect ) 283X26 the t.t. 's hand with the burn match rapidly zoom into the center of the picture in a blinding flash turn the screen momentarily white , then yellow and red . then the camera move back indicate the morlock ' retreat . slowly the normal color reappear . back to the group of morlocks 283x27 regain they sight in the darkness , they start to close in . through morlocks's eye - ( optical effect ) 283x28 follow by the eloi the t.t. exit the feast room and again light a match . a blinding flash start from the flame as a center engulf the screen , momentarily white again , then yellow , finally red . once more the camera retreat , then still see through the morlock ' eye the camera zoom close on the match BOX and the scaley hand of a morlock slap all the match except one to the floor . t.t. - mo . shot 283x29 he light he last match and move forward , look for he lose torch . groupshot 283x30 the t.t. lead the eloi toward the stairway , the light of the match he only weapon in keep the morlock away . finally he spot he torch and pick it up hurriedly . close on t.t. 283x31 his face stream with sweat and be taut with appre - hension while he apply the die match to the intend torch . time traveller ( mutter ) burn , will you ! he hold the match steady , but it burn lower and lower without start the wood . in despair he turn to weena . time traveller Quick , something to burn ! it 's my last match ! back to the morlocks 283x32 as they be close in . close on weena 283x33 with a fierce gesture she rip open the loose sleeve of she robe , tear off a piece of cloth and hold it out . back to t.t. 283x34 as match be about to die , he hold it beneath the cloth . it flame up and he seize it , drop the dead match . he hold the burn cloth beneath the wood and in this hotter flame it begin to burn . once it start he again attempt to make he way by blind - ing the morlock and lead the eloi to the stairway . groupshot 283x35 as the eloi slowly make they way toward the stairway , one morlock gain courage , and with he long whip strike the torch out of the t.t. 's hand . a corner 283x36 the torch roll in and begin to sputter . back to scene 283x37 the eloi huddle against the wall in terror as other morlock gain courage and move forward toward the t.t . as they face one another , the fight begin . [ page 90 missing from hard copy ] eloi below he . time traveller weena ! weena , get the torch ! close shot - weena and young man 351x5 huddle against rock - react to fight - weena look quickly toward the time Traveller , then turn search for the flicker torch . back to time traveller 351x6 as he turn to fight with morlock on ledge . morlock swing at he . he duck and almost fall off ledge . he grab morlock , and hang on until he can scramble up on ledge again . he clutches at morlock 's throat , bang he head against the rock wall , finally throw he off ledge . at the same time another mor - lock appear on ledge , while the morlock he have previously kick rise to menace he from the other side . the time Traveller jump across cavern to ramp and start down toward the floor , try to get back to he torch , he only weapon against the morlock . close shot - the time traveller 351x7 he pause momentarily against rock Wall . he see eloi , still huddle in a group , apparently too confuse to move . time traveller weena ! go on ! go on the step ! close shot - at rock - weena and young man 351x8 weena spot the still flicker torch and start toward it . insert of torch 351x9 lying on ground , still burn , weena bend down to pick up torch , when suddenly a morlock appear face she . she scream and jump back , watch in terror , as the morlock come toward she . mo . shot 351x10 the time Traveller come down ramp to meet several morlock converge on he . he try to fight he way past they . close shot - weena and young man 351x11 morlock rush in , grab weena and carry she over he shoulder start across toward feasting cave . mo . shot - time traveller 351x12 jump up on ramp , kick back at morlock - see morlock carry weena - jump through morlock and run toward she . full shot 351x13 the time Traveller run to weena , pull she away from morlock , knock he against rock . in the meantime another morlock run up on rock and jump at time Traveller , knock he down . the second morlock rebound from rock and leap on the time Traveller and start to choke he . close shot - time traveller 351x14 look up toward young man - silently appeal for help . close shot - young man 351x15 stance in front of group of eloi return the time Traveller 's silent plea for help . slowly raise he right hand , stare at it as he gradually clenches it into a fist . then , make up he mind , raise both hand and strike mor - lock hard on the back of he neck . mo . shot 351X16 as morlock relax he grip the time Traveller kick he back to rock , scramble up and run to get he torch . several morlock try to herd eloi back into feasting cave , but lead by the Young man and he newly discover strength , the eloi resist they . the time Traveller run back in with torch , and herd the eloi toward stair . full shot 351x17 the time Traveller urge the eloi up the stair push weena ahead of he . they climb up past cauldron . morlock come in after flee eloi , shield they eye from the light of the time Traveller 's torch . closer shot 351x18 the time Traveller look ahead to be sure the eloi be all on they way out . then turn back and drop he torch into the oil flow into the cauldron . full shot 351X19 the burn torch catch the cauldron on fire , which quickly spread across the floor of the Cavern , to the steaming Machine on the right , which explode . the time Traveller herd eloi out across Stone Bridge . mo . shot 351x20 pursue morlock run up step in back of burn cauldron hide he face from the flame . he bump into the pipe come down the wall , lose he balance and fall into the burn cauldron - flame shoot higher . pan shot 351x21 another morlock come from behind machine , as fire creep across floor , almost reach machine at same time as fire - and it explode . morlock catch fire and run across into feasting cave . passageway - long shot 352 smoke be thick as the time Traveller and weena run toward a circle of light on the floor far ahead . circle of light - high angle 353 weena and the time Traveller reach the light that come straight down from above , and look up the shaft . smoke belch from the passage - way as he help she start up the ladder and then he , himself , follow , clamber out of sight . in the well 354 the camera follows weena and the time Traveller climb up , coughing from smoke . the light become slowly brighter and he look up . from throat of well - low angle 355 gradually the top of the well become visible through the swirl smoke . the Young man be peer down . he reach to help weena and the time Traveller . shoot into shaft - high angle 356 weena and the time Traveller be both dark with soot , near exhaustion . Far below they red flame pierce through the smoke . they each in turn grasp the help hand of the Young man and climb up out of the well . ext . the well - mo . shot - ( sunset ) 357 as they eye meet , the time Traveller grip the Young man 's shoulder and give it a brief shake of approval . the time Traveller then grab up branch and twig , carry they to the mouth of the well , ignites the pile of kindling with he torch and drop the burn - ing wood down in to the well . shoot into shaft - high angle 358 the burn wood drop to the bottom where it ignites the oil with a burst of flame that shoot up the well . back to scene 359 the time Traveller pick up he jacket and point to the other well . the Young man first , then the rest of the eloi grasp the idea . they also light branch from the torch and dash for the various well to duplicate the time Traveller 's action . various shot of eloi 360-362 carry bundle of burn wood to the mouth of well and dump the fire below . two shot 363 with weena at he side , the time Traveller gaze on with approval at the eloi 's work . ext . landscape - full shot - ( sunset ) 364 it be dot with well , each of which have be turn into a fiery furnace shoot flame and smoke up from the burn oil below , prevent the morlock from any avenue of escape to the surface of the Earth . a well - ( miniature ) 365 it fall with a crash to the ground and begin to spew smoke and flame into the undergrowth of the forest nearby . ext . entrance to great build - long shot - 366 ( sunset ) smoke drift out of its window . the eloi hurry out , lead by the man in White . they stop and stare at the sight of the morlock world be destroy below . ext . the blazing forest - ( sunset ) - ( stock ) 367-368 the sun on the horizon be a dim red ball through the smoke . several tree fall over , blaze . low underground rumbling be hear . weena and the time traveller 369 they start down the hill after the eloi , seek safety together . suddenly a distant rumble of the earth make they pause and look o.s. ext . landscape - full shot - ( dusk ) - ( miniature ) 370 then come a series of tremblors , each more powerful than the one before . the earth shudder and the blaze forest begin to collapse . it do not explode into the air . Rather , the solid earth seem to give way so that the entire surface of the ground begin to fall into the subterranean chamber . another angle - ( miniature ) 371 a section of the earth sheer away and fall in a ever widen rift . a well - ( miniature ) 372 as it be swallow by the earth , follow by a belch of steam . back to landscape - ( miniature ) 373 levele off by the earthquake . there be no more flower , no more building , well , smokestack or obelisk . there be no movement -- only the flicker of low flame and the smoke drive by the gentle breeze . group of eloi 374 stare into the vast destruction . time traveller and weena 375 he hold she hand . the camera move in slowly and we begin to hear the time traveller' voice ( calmly ) the underworld of the morlock be go ... and so be the life of leisure for the eloi. he look o.s. group of eloi 376 the man in White , with other , approach the group head by the Young man . the two man look at each other , they gesture and expression show they joy at release from century of fear . time traveller' voice from now on they would have to work to survive . and look at they face , I somehow know that they could start over again . back to time traveller and weena 377 he look down to weena and we hear : time traveller' voice another night be come , but this night no eloi need to fear . the camera move close on time traveller who look up in concern . time traveller' voice but what of I ? - I be imprison in a world in which I do not belong . dissolve to : ext . the pool - long shot - ( night ) 378 this be the same pool where the time Traveller save weena 's life . the peaceful SOUND of the rushing stream be occasionally interrupt by a remote rumble of explosion from the earth below . there be no sign in the sky of old constellation , only the face of the full moon look familiar . the time Traveller , wear he velvet jacket , relax on the white sand , play with the blossom weena give he earlier that day , and whistling " the land of the leal " . weena sit on a large rock nearby at the edge of the pool , wash the soot from she face and hand . she glance over to the time Traveller . weena be you sorry ? he stop whistling , but the music continue . he turn . time traveller sorry ? - sorry for what ? weena that you have to stay . time traveller ( gaze into the night ) yes . - I be sorry because I could tell so much to the people of my own time ... I could tell they about the happiness and sorrow the future have in store for they . they could learn from it ... or would they ? weena you do not want to stay , do you ? time traveller it be not that , but I do not fit here anymore than you would in my time . weena ( a pause , and then ) I would like to see you time . time traveller no , girl , you would not be very happy there . weena do you have someone like I - there ? time traveller no . no one like you . but there be friend who will miss I . - as a matter of fact , I be probably late already . weena ( steal a glance , then quietly ) woman ? time traveller no , man . ( teasing ) there be a woman too , of course ! ( notice she disappointment , he relent ) she look after my house for I . she be sixty - two year old . - much older than you be . weena , relieved , start to comb she wet hair into a new arrangement . weena ( suddenly ) how do they wear they hair ? time traveller who ? weena the woman in you time . time traveller ( after a think ) up ! weena up ? - how ? time traveller ( with awkward gesture ) like this . weena show I . the time Traveller put the flower back into he pocket , get up and walk over to weena . weena - mo . shot 379 the time Traveller appear behind she . he first hesitates , then gently lift she hair into a fair imitation of the upswept edwardian style . she smile , then with a impulsive move turn she face toward he . weena ( innocently ) would I be pretty ? the gesture bring she eye and lip close to he . he still hold she upswung hair and , as he gaze into she young eye , he feel she warm breath on he cheek . time traveller ( slowly ) yes ... you would be . more than pretty . ( he voice sink to a whisper ) I wish we could go back together , weena , back to my own time ... or to time before that when the world be young . we could ... excite voice o.s. interrupt this interlude . they both look in the direction of the voice . ext . hill - long shot - ( night ) - ( matte ) 380 a group of eloi , lead by the Young man and the man in White , approach they , talk excitedly , point to the ruin of the white sphinx just reveal by the roll smoke . the face be break and the pedestal partly in shamble . the panel be open . time traveller & weena 381 joyfully he grab she hand and , pull she , break into a run . group of eloi 382 the Young man step forward , point o.s . the time Traveller and weena run through the haze , then the eloi follow they . ext . the white sphinx - long shot - ( night ) - 383 ( matte ) the face be break in half . it be leave with only a half a smile and thin smoke drift through the remain eye . the rest of the statue and the siren be on the ground beside the partial ruin of the pedestal . Beyond it the hill be go and gray haze cover the once green world . the time Traveller and weena come through the char bush onto the lawn . here they stop . the OPEN panel - there p.o.v. 384 the time Machine sit in the midst of the swirl smoke . the flame , lick at the inside wall , have not yet reach the Machine . time traveller & weena - mo . shot 385 he release she hand to reach into he jacket pocket and bring forth the lever without which the Machine will not function . time traveller ( without look at she ) come , girl ! he walk , toward the panel . weena follow , hesitantly , but the long habit compel she to halt before the threshold . unmindful of this , the time Traveller enter . int . pedestal - long shot 386 shoot from inside the pedestal , the time Traveller and he Machine be black silhouettes in the foreground , while beyond he weena stand on the lawn outside , the moonlight flooding she radiant feature . Inside , black smoke still rise and whirl around as the time Traveller examine he Machine and start to fit the lever into place . reverse angle 387 the time Traveller work eagerly . a shadow start slide across he figure , move more swiftly until darkness fall and the panel close with a clang . outside the panel 388 weena , see the panel close , run up to they and pound she fist vainly on the metal door . inside the sphinx - moving shot 389 the time Traveller leap to the panel and struggle to open they . from without he hear weena 's pounding and cry . suddenly he sense a live presence within the sphinx . for a moment there be silence . then from the right come a hack , weak cough . another from the leave . then some - thing stumble off , down the stairway . he whirl around , gasping and coughing , to see three of the enmadden morlock rise before he . avoid they , he stumble to he Machine and get into the saddle . the suffocating smoke blind he as he grope for the lever . morlock seize he leg and try to wrest he off the Machine . the fire and smoke become dense , half obliterate the struggle body . insert : the control pannel 390 the time Traveller 's hand grope for the lever and finally grasp it . omitted 391-403 insert of dial 404 spin backwards . suddenly , a gloomy shade fall over the instrument , follow by a burst of whirling smoke and the twinkle red light of fire . there be a flash of sunshine , then finally total darkness . time traveller - mo . shot 405 pass back in time through he captivity beneath the lava . he reel in the saddle , then come from darkness a red glow quickly engulf the scene . as the red hot lava leap away from he and the daylight return , we can see that he face be cover with perspiration . he look off to see : series of shot - ( animation , miniature , split ) 406 ( note : this shot see previously be now print backward . ) the red hot lava withdraw through the ( a , b , c ) street ruin and the great rent in the ground gulp it up quickly . out of the ruin building be mold and then atomic explosion in reverse flash across the screen . the SOUND of explosion , rumbling etc . in reverse and speed up join the humming of the time Machine . blur to : the sun and the moon chase each other ( d , e ) alternately across the sky , gradually slow . back to time traveller 407 intercut he reaction to the previous scene until he straighten and readjust the lever . the humming decrease , then wall rise about he . watch the dial , he carefully move the lever . the flicker of the day and night decelerate and , with a sudden pull , he halt the time Machine . the humming abruptly cease . insert : dial 408 it stop on : " 5 January 1900 " . int . laboratory - long shot - ( night ) 409 the time Machine have return , but it be rest in the far corner of the room instead of in the spot where we originally see it . in the gloom , the time Traveller clamber pain - fully from the Machine . then , followed by camera , he stagger to the workbench and sink onto it . his eye explore the room and finally come to rest on the clock . it be " 8:04 " . slow dissolve to : pendulum clock - close shot 410 now show " 9 :22 " . for a long while only its monotonous ticking be hear . - a welcome change from the cacophony of time travel . the camera move slowly to reveal the dine room where the five man , they meal finish , be sit silently around the table . Mrs. watchett be quietly serve the liqueur . the time Traveller be puffing on he pipe . kemp be chew on he cigar and hillyer 's face be red with indignation . dr . hillyer it be ridiculous ! simply preposterous ! filby be bent over he coffee play absorbedly with the spoon which clink loudly in the room 's silence . bridewell , of course , take a big gulp from he brandy . bridewell well , there 's one thing I will say for you , George . you always could tell a good story . best adventure yarn I have hear for year . ( loudly ) you be a truly fine inventor , George ! he alone start to laugh at he ' joke ' , but a hiccup quickly put a period to that . Mrs. watchett step to the time Traveller to pour he a bit of brandy . mrs . watchett I will turn down you bed for you ! as she exit kemp look up . kemp truthfully , where have you be for the past week ? bridewell examine the remain brandy in he glass . bridewell ( voice of experience ) now , we should not ask such question , walter . it 's not hard for a man to lose a week now and then . time traveller ( smile ) I understand you doubt . take it as a lie if you wish . now that I be back I scarcely believe it myself . ( a flash of memory ) except that ... ( grop in pocket ) ... here be the flower weena give I . he place the blossom on the table before filby . they be actually less than a day old and fairly fresh . filby and the blossom - close shot 411 as he pick they up to examine . time traveller ( o.s. ) a present for you , David . time traveller - mo . shot 412 time traveller ( to filby ) you be always interested in botany . - try to match they with any species know today . back to filby 413 as he look up , puzzle . filby I do not think I can . group shot 414 a still unimpress hillyer slam he hand on the table , stand up , look around and then down to kemp . dr . hillyer be you come , kemp . rising hesitantly , kemp turn to the time Traveller . kemp it 's get late and you look exhaust . you have better get some rest . everyone get up , bridewell with difficulty , and start to leave . cottage - long shot - ( night ) - ( matte ) 415 the snow fall softly , big flake wobble down from the sky . the front door open let out the four guest wear hat , cape and overcoat . they walk toward a wait carriage , kemp help the staggering bridewell . filby be the last to leave . he pause at the step of the carriage look back to the time Traveller who stand motionless in the doorway . filby goodnight , George . at the entrance 416 the time Traveller lift he hand and wave . time traveller thank you , David , for be such a good friend - always . with this he turn and go into the house , close the door slowly . at the carriage 417 that inside be wait for filby to get in , but he , deep in think , still stand gaze back . kemp thrust he head from the window . kemp what do you think , filby ? filby ( after a pause ) one thing be certain . that flower could not have possibly bloom in the winter- time . hillyer ( in the b.g. ) you do not really think that story be true ? filby reach a decision . filby look , you chap go on . it 's just a short walk home for I . hillyer ( o.s. ) go on , driver ! the whip crack . the driveway 418 as the carriage roll off leave filby stand in the fall snow . he wait until the carriage disappear , then retrace he step to the front door and rap on it . he pause a moment , then use the heavy knocker . there be still no answer . he step back and look off toward the : ext . laboratory wing - filby' p.o.v. 419 no light shine through its window . back to filby 420 he rap once more , and get no reply try the door . it be unlock . he step into the house . int . library - full shot 421 the coal still glow in the grate as filby enter the fully light room , look for he friend . suddenly a clock from the neighbor room chime once . filby turn , go toward it and stop at the doorway . dine room - filby' p.o.v. 422 the table be clear , candle extinguish . the pendulum clock be ticking lazily . the time be " 9:30 " . filby - panshot 423 he call into the darkness . filby George !... no answer . then a odd humming sound bring he to stiff attention . the SOUND increase in volume and pitch until the entire house seem to tremble . then a violent gust of wind blow open the door that lead to the laboratory . filby pivot and run up the step , through the corridor . at the door of laboratory - full shot 424 filby , dishevel and out of breath , arrive and try the door -- it be lock . the noise be almost deafening . he put he shoulder to the door and finally burst it open . at the very instant he do so , the SOUND cease abruptly . he stop short , gaze aghast . the laboratory - filby' p.o.v. 425 the time Traveller with he Machine fading , leave the present . then the camera move across the workbench to the corner where we last see the time Machine . it be not there ! the camera whip to the other corner . nor be it there ! a few sheet of paper whirl desolately in the center of the floor . close on filby 426 he look tense , ignore the approaching footstep behind he . Mrs. watchett hurry in . mrs . watchett ( nervous , breathless ) oh , Mr. filby ... what ... ( she eye widen ) filby ( with finality ) he 's go ! the camera follows Mrs. watchett as she slowly approach the center of the room . here , with squinting eye , she lean down to observe the floor . mrs . watchett ( to filby ) there 's something funny here , sir ! filby step aside she to investigate . what they see 427 the camera move along parallel groove resembling the one the time Machine leave in the lawn at the front of the sphinx . they be scratch deep in the floor lead from the spot where the Machine be last see to the other corner of the laboratory where it originally stand . here , not only its imprint , but also the color and finish of the floor be preserve . two shot 428 they straighten . Mrs. watchett look at filby , puzzle . filby I think I understand . - look ! laboratory - full shot 429 Mrs. watchett listen as filby move to the imprint in the floor where the Machine first stand and explain . filey ( point ) see the imprint ? this be where the time Machine originally stand . ( he pace across to the end of the groove ) but the morlock move it . they drag it across the lawn right into the sphinx ... right here . ( turn and point ) and weena be stand there when he last see she ... the same space - in a different time . - so he move back he heavy Machine from here , across the room , scratch this floor ... ( indicate the groove that lead to the imprint ) so that he can appear outside the sphinx again and help the eloi build a new world ... and build a new world of he own . mrs . watchett ( faintly , sentimentally ) where he leave she !.. filby do not answer . he look about the labora - tory for the last time , then take Mrs. watchett 's arm and lead she from the room . the music start the theme : " the land of the leal " . int . library - full shot 430 filby and Mrs. watchett come into the room . filby but it be not like George . - to return empty hand . to try to rebuild a civilization without a plan . ( to Mrs. watchett ) he must have take something with he . mrs . watchett nothing . she look around and discover three empty space on the tightly pack book shelf . she walk to they . mrs . watchett nothing except three book . filby which three book ? mrs . watchett I do not know . -- be it important ? filby ( smile ) no , I suppose not . - only ... what three book would you have take ? she look at he , ponder the question as they leave the library . int . entrance hall 431 they stop at the door and Mrs. watchett stand beside filby as he open it . outside the snow be fall softly . mrs . watchett Mr. filby , do you think he will ever return ? filby ( quietly ) one can not choose but wonder . - you see ... he have all the time in the world ! with this word , filby turn up he collar , pull the brim of he hat over he eye and walk into the night . Mrs. watchett look after he . she hear the SOUND of he diminishing footstep squeaking in the virgin snow . slowly she close the door . ext . cottage - long shot - ( night ) - ( matte ) 432 drifting like a curtain , the snow fall quietly as filby , a solitary figure in the night , pause a moment to look up at the sky , then select a path and start walk the long way home . slow fade out . the end