bb : slow west by John maclean 07 November 2013 see - saw film Ltd 74 rivington Street London ec2a 3 ay tel : +44 ( 0)203 301 6268 '' 2015 slow West Film Ltd dmc Film 25 Atlantic Avenue ballycastle , antrim bt54 6al tel : +44 ( 0) 207 336 7868 black screen 1 silas selleck ( v.o. ) once upon a time , 1870 to be exact , a sixteen year old kid travel from the cold shoulder of Scotland , to the baking heart of America to find he love . his name be jay - she name be Rose fade in : ext - colorado forest - night 2 we hero , jay cavendish lie on a blanket , a colt six - shooter gun in he hand , and look up to a sky full of star he begin he nightly recital , name each constellation jay pegasus , the great bear , the Dragon , andromeda jay be sixteen , skinny , dark hair and dark eye , handsome in a other - worldly way he be about to sleep fully clothed , and what fine clothes they be - a exquisitely tailore three piece suit and fine leather boot jay lift he gun up and point to the night sky and pretend to shoot he make a soft sound on each ' pretend shot 's and a star appear and form orion jay ( cont 'd ) orion 's belt jay lower he gun and smile as he remember the love of he life , rose ross CUT to : ext - scotland - dream flashback - windy beach - day 3 rose ross , beautiful , dress in peasant clothes , sit on top of jay , smile CUT to ext - colorado forest - night 4 jay stow away he gun , tuck he wallet into he inside pocket , roll onto he side , shut he eye and fall asleep CUT to : ext - colorado forest - dawn 5 next day , first light , dawn chorus , jay roll up he blanket and grab he duffle bag title - slow west jay sit on he horse . his horse be laden with many bag , case , blanket , box jay pull out a small wooden box and lift lid to reveal a compass jay ride off in the direction - west he ride awkwardly though the tree , hold the compass aloft ext - edge of forest / prairie - day 6 jay ride out of the forest into a open grass prairie the sun now beat down strange structure appear . dotte across the prairie , body wrap in cloth lie on stilt face the sky a Native burial ground , a happy hunt ground the stilt be adorn with feather and bead jay weave through the structure and past a group of native woman sit , prepare dead body of man wrap in cloth jay ride past . the woman ignore he ext - forest - day 7 into the forest a line of native woman and child pass jay the final native , carry a baby look at jay as he pass jay ride on , bring he compass out again and continue West jay have another flash memory of rose and they time together in Scotland CUT to : ext - scotland - hillside - dream flashback 8 a strong wind blow , a heathery landscape and beyond a rough sea Rose stand on top of a small rock formation and lift she arm cause she shawl to flap in the wind jay sit next to she rose turn and smile at jay , then leap from the small rock and run down the hill CUT to : ext - forest - day 9 jay ride into a cloud of dense smoke the forest air become ' foggy 's until jay be but a faint silhouette he and he pony begin to cough jay cover he mouth with cloth the air be thick with ash Black jag shape - burnt stump of tree emerge from the grey now only shade of grey silas selleck ( v.o. ) I be drift west when I pick up he trail - deep in Colorado territory - a jack -rabbit in a de of wolf , fortunate to be alive ( the voice over be a older man than jay , with a irish accent - later we will meet the man who own this voice ) jay , now walk he horse , have cover he mouth with a handkerchief jay be cover head to toe in gray ash , and so be he horse jay enter a clear remains of tee-pee frame and tree stump smoulder black and smoke this be a Native camp , freshly raze to the ground jay lead he horse through the remain no body . the dead remove another forest clear a distant gun shot startles jay and he horse jay stop another gun shot then another jay walk slowly from he horse more gunshot branch snap under foot from yonder , the sound of someone run towards jay a muscular young native man sprint from the brush and skid to a halt in front of jay bare chest , coat in blood stand proud and wait as if prepare to die by jay' hand jay ash -grey the young man blood -re for a moment they study each other 's strangeness another gunshot and the native man look around then bolt past jay more rustling and twig snap as three men dress as Union soldier emerge two boy in dirty old yankee uniform and a older man in a officer 's outfit gun be quickly raise to point at jay officer arm abroad boy ! jay raise he arm up young soldier 2 Red skinned or white ? the coat of ash cover jay the source of confusion jay sir. I be british .. Scottish the officer bark order to he two protegé officer catch the savage the two young soldier run off into the wood jay and the officer stare at each other for a beat two muffle gunshot then silence the officer smile , think the native have be kill jay I be jay cavendish , Son of Lady cavendish officer lower he rifle and walk towards jay officer we be all son of bitches seemingly from thin air , a figure appear behind the officer and cock he gun by the officer be ear , while take the officer 's gun in one smooth action this be silas selleck mid thirty , lean , fit silas be dirt ingrain , only he eye be clean silas look wild , yet .. his movement be skillful , economic , fast , he posture confident , capable and in control to the point of blasé succinct in word and action officer ( cont 'd ) a grave play , boy jay draw he gun and point it at silas jay sir. lower you pistol silas sigh , then slowly circle round continue to hold he gun to the officer 's head , and move towards jay jay ( cont 'd ) hey ! silas move up to jay , continue to point the gun at the officer , and snatch jay 's gun from he 6 . silas point jay' gun at the officer and pull the trigger , but the gun be empty and click the officer smile at this , but quick as a flash , silas raise he own gun up and shoot the officer between the eye Dead before he hit the ground without take he eye off the officer , silas throw jay' gun he silas clean it . oil it jay fumble the catch silas walk over to the officer and crouch down pull out a large knife and cut a pouch from the officer belt jay look on jay what do you want ? silas check the content of the pouch and stuff it into he belt jay ( cont 'd ) he be a Officer silas look through the man 's pocket and find a tin silas wearin 's a dress do not make she a lady silas pocket the tin silas ( cont ’d ) they be not soldier . least no more . indian slayer silas move round and remove the officer 's boot and address jay without look up silas ( cont 'd ) keep headin 's West solo you will be dead by dawn . how you make it this far be a miracle jay I take care of myself silas sure kid . you need chaperonin 's and I be a chaperone silas get up and walk towards jay jay take a step back , still hold he gun silas walk past jay and towards jay 's horse jay safer to travel with a killer ? silas that 's right silas check out jay 's laden horse . too many bag and case for a small pony to carry silas begin to cut the bag free silas ( cont 'd ) first let save you pony 's life silas cut a case free and it drop to the ground silas ( cont 'd ) I count a dozen of they bastard attack they Indians back there . minus three that leave .. too many jay 's turn and look into the wood in all direction silas , now down on he knee , rake through jay 's case . toss out a kettle , throw a useless box over he shoulder . toss boot and a shirt find a book , look at the cover and hold it up to jay jay read the title jay ' Ho for the West . a traveller and emigrant hand-book silas keep look at jay jay ( cont 'd ) to Canada and the North West States of America 's ... silas keep stare jay ( cont 'd ) ..- by Edward hepple Hall silas throw the book over he shoulder 10 silas well ho for the West silas cast the whole case aside , get up and walk towards jay silas ( cont 'd ) dollar . fifty now , fifty when we split jay turn he back to silas and fumble in he wallet turn back around and hand silas fifty dollar jay until we reach a forest call silverghost silas snatch the cash , count it , and walk off silas let drift jay run around and pick up he ' Ho for the West 's book , grab the rein of he pony and follow silas CUT to : ext - forest - day 10 jay ride behind silas through the forest , brush the remain ash from he hair and suit jay trot up level with silas jay what 's you name ? silas snap silas Drop back , single file jay drop back behind silas silas lead , jay follow , stay single file as instruct jay ( shout ) why you headin 's West ? silas do not respond jay ( cont 'd ) you care not why I be head West ? no response 11 jay ( cont 'd ) there be a accident - my girl and she father fle from Scotland , settle out West . it be all my fault silas ( to himself ) take a hint kid ? jay we love each other silas ( to himself ) sure you do , kid they ride on in silence Close up of jay , sound of wave break - another memory of Rose ext - scottish sand dune - flashback - day 11 moody grey sky large wave crash onto a sandy beach , the beach become sand dune jay stand at the top of a large dune rose , stand at the bottom , shout up to jay rose jay ! a thousand way to die , choose one jay strike a think pose jay bow and arrow she pull a pretend arrow from a pretend quiver and pretend fire it at jay jay pretend to be shot in the heart and fall dramatically he roll down the dune to rose 's foot and lay still , face up , eye shut , tongue out rose jump on top of jay and smile . ( this be the moment we see in jay 's first memory at the beginning of the film ) jay be eye be shut , rose place she hand on jay 's chest and lean in , she ear to he chest , continue the charade by check if jay be breathe jay place he hand on Rose 's hand 12 10 . rose smile , but pull away , break the moment , push jay ' 's head to the side rose silly boy rose jump up run up the dune , shouting rose ( cont 'd ) my turn jay look up to the sky ext - light forest - day 12 jay ride behind silas low light , long shadow distant echo of a pretty acapella song emanate from the tree ahead jay head slump , the music stir he from he daydream Three african men , clothed in dusty rag Union soldier suit , sit in a circle , one in a makeshift wooden wheel chair , one on crutch , wound from the Civil War they sing a beautiful congolese song . ( they be congolese ) silas ride straight past , jay stop to listen silas stop , grump , spit , and turn silas wolf whistle , jay ignore silas shake he head , turn and trot off the band smile , sing for the pleasure of sing . the song end and the man on crutch look up at jay singer ( in french ) do you enjoy we music ? jay answer in french jay ( in french ) yes . I enjoy the song very much singer ( in french ) it 's a song about love 13 14 11 . jay ( in french ) Love be universal , like death jay nod to the band , who start play again , and ride after silas ext - dry lake , dead tree , flowers - day 13 the Sun bake the land . jay and silas keep head west silas selleck ( v.o . ) the kid be a wonder . he see thing differently . to he we be ina land of hope and good will . the way I see it , kick over any rock and most likely a desperado would crawl out and knife you right in the heart if there be a dollar in it CUT to : ext - ridge overlooking dried river bed - day 14 a rag-tag posse of seven man and a woman , all on horseback , form a row and watch a distant silas and jay cross the river bed the posse be all distinct and characterful a chinese man , ' tatoo man 's , in traditional chinese garb , long black hair and beard a Dylan -esque musician ' the minstrel 's with a feather in he hat and a banjo strapped to he back a mexican woman , poncho and braid ' marimacho 's a wizen ol 's gold - digger type . large soft hat , silver beard - this be skelly a good look young kid , arrogant expression . this be ' the kid 's a crazy look goggle - eye man , age beyond he year by drug and liquor . this be peyote joe the gang leader - payne - massive fur coat , cigar payne watch silas and jay with add interest and a know half smile CUT to : 15 12 . ext - night - forest camp 15 silas and jay have set up camp jay sit on he blanket , silas up against a tree jay throw rabbit bone from he plate into the tree silas see this jay lie back and look at the star while silas be fill bullet shell with fresh gunpowder jay same star . same moon silas ignore he jay ( cont 'd ) one day we will be wander ' round that moon silas ignore jay ( cont 'd ) they will build a railroad silas keep ignore jay ( cont 'd ) but a railroad up and down the way . a railroad to the moon . and when we get there , first thing we will do be hunt the native down silas bite silas no Indians on the moon jay sit up jay no . the native of the moon . the moon people silas flash jay a incredulous look jay lie back down , point to star and begin he nightly recital jay ( cont 'd ) pegasus , the great bear , the Dragon a crackle of stick under foot in the darkness silas shh ! 16 17 13 . jay shut up silas get up , pick up rifle jay sit up silas soldier - like , cock rifle , move off into the wood jay about to follow silas ( cont 'd ) sit down jay obey , and now feel more alone than he do when he be alone .. jay bring he gun out and stay still for a beat silas emerge from the shadow silas pick up jay 's rabbit bone and throw they into the fire silas ( cont ’d ) this be the last time I be gonna clean up you shit silas sit back up against the tree , place he rifle on he lap and cover himself with a blanket silas 's way of say good night jay look around wolf howl jay lie back and stare up at the moon and star and slowly and quietly un - cock he gun ext - river cutting through prairie - day 16 horse clop on wood as silas and jay ride across a rickety bridge CUT to : ext - canyon - day 17 mid day sun beat down , the familiar red-taile hawk screech silas and jay walk they horse up through a yellowish rocky canyon the canyon narrow form a pass a couple of yard wide 18 14 . a buffalo have get trap in the narrow gap and die there it have be pick clean of meat down to its gleam white bone the skeleton block the route west jay and silas approach jay must have be winter when Rose pass through here they begin to pull the heavy bone from between the rock jay lift up the skull silas what 's she like ? jay perk up jay she 's a beauty . and .. she do not waste word . they tumble out , wit follow wisdom silas you have not bedd she , have you silas laugh jay shake he head silas gesture to the buffalo rib cage silas ( cont 'd ) grab that end jay you be a brute they lift the rib cage together and dump clear of the trail and walk the horse through the pass ext - along base of cliff - day 18 silas swig from a water bottle and toss it back to jay silas a trading post up ahead . we can dine at a table while sit on a chair CUT to : 19 15 . ext - outside trading post - day 19 silas and jay ride up to the trading post a small one room wooden shack , a veranda run along the front there be a horse tie up out front . it be jet black , shiny and muscular silas look at the horse as he dismount silas tie the horse round back jay lead the horse round the side of the building silas reach the veranda Left of the trading post door there be a makeshift notice board fix to the wall silas turn to make sure jay be out of sight , then check all the notice amongst a number of want poster of grim face outlaw , a want poster for rose ross and JOHN ross beneath a draw of JOHN and rose , a crude likeness , read — JOHN ross and he daughter rose ross - ' wanted for murder - reward $ 2000 dead or alive 's silas rip the poster from the board silas selleck ( v.o. ) everyone know about the bounty , except jay . he be lead I right to it . the trading post door swing open and a man exit . silas turn he head this be victor the hawk - he be wear a priest 's get - up , white dog collar , black suit , black hat , perfectly groom . everything about this man be long , sharp and clean victor carry a long black case , about the length of a large rifle and probably contain a large rifle for a brief moment he stop and look at silas . a beat of recognition between both man . silas look down at the case , victor know he know .. a bounty hunter can smell another bounty hunter victor tip he hat , walk off , mount horse , ride off 20 16 . silas selleck ( v.o. ) there be few of we leave , man beyond the law silas walk into the trading post silas selleck ( v.o. ) but the most dangerous be the last to fall jay saunter around the corner , see victor riding off CUT to : int - trading post - day 20 Inside the trading post be dark and dusty , shelf on all side be fill with necessity . Native blanket , fur , buffalo skin , pot , pan , coffee , ammunition , saddle bag , suit , boot , shovel , pan handle , horse shoe , bag of salt and corn , jar of honey and roll of string . ( see P. 168 Little house in the big wood ) a counter run along the back of the shop . in front of the counter and to the leave , two small wooden table , four chair . to the right , more shelf pile high , and a entrance to a small change room cover by a large Native rug a old man stand behind the counter silas walk up to the counter , strike a match on the side , light he cigar storekeeper May I ask you to place you iron on the counter while you browse ? silas oblige , then wander round the room check the stock jay enter , close the door behind he silas we will be dining jay wander over to some clothes on a rail jay May I try on a suit ? storekeeper sure , be my guest jay cross the room and enter the small change room , pull close the native blanket curtain 17 . silas sit down at a table in the opposite corner of the room changing room there be a filthy mirror on the wall jay wipe it clean with he sleeve look at he dishevel reflection shop floor the storekeeper pick up a couple of glass and a bottle of whisky and approach silas storekeeper ( cont 'd ) Whisky ? silas shake he head silas you get meat ? storekeeper I get condemn bacon . traded it for bullet . both 's 11 kill you pretty quick silas shake he head , pull out the want poster , unfold changing room there be a comb on a string next to the mirror jay pick it up but see it be full of old hair and drop it jay bring he gun out from he inside pocket and lay it on a stool shop floor silas study the want poster changing room jay try on the suit jacket , notice a hole right by he heart the hole be make by a bullet and around the hole , dry red crust of the blood of the previous owner jay stick he finger in the hole shop floor the door swing open a man and a woman enter 18 . they be swedish , a young couple , clothes dusty from travel they move nervously , jittery , eye show desperation . the man johan be skinny . ( ref : shame by bergman ) the woman maria , skinny but wear so many clothes and rag and shawl that she look larger johan notice silas and look at maria with concern silas keep he eye on the man as he nervously approach to the counter johan point to a blanket on a high shelf behind the storekeeper johan ( swedish accent ) blanket please storekeeper blanket , ha .. the storekeeper climb on a stool and reach up for a blanket while he back be turn , maria swipe some item and place they in she bundle of bosom storekeeper ( cont 'd ) ma’am , you have to purchase item before baggin’ ‘em . that 's how we do it here in America silas alert maria throw a sharp stare at johan maria johan ! silas smell trouble johan bring a colt pistol from he inside jacket pocket and point it at the head of the storekeeper the storekeeper raise he hand and take a step back johan s..s..sorry .. money .. pl.. please changing room jay stock still , listen 19 . shop floor storekeeper now looky here , you realise if I give you money , here 's the only place round where you can spend it maria johan ! johan cock the gun silas and jay both freeze in they respective place johan money ! ! maria goad johan maria ( in swedish ) johan ! what must be do ! johan follow he wive 's order and smack the storekeeper in the face with the butt of he pistol the storekeeper fall out of sight and rise with a shotgun and shoot johan point black in the chest johan be flung backwards against a post and fall down dead maria in shock , pull out a small pistol and fire it at the storekeeper , who fall down dead behind the store counter maria be now hysterical maria ( cont ’d ) johan !! she stop breathe , in shock , turn and point she gun at silas silas , unarm , stare at maria silas breathe changing room jay pick up he gun from the stool silas ( cont 'd ) breathe ... in .. and out maria ( pleadingly ) money ! 20 . changing room jay be listen to silas and breathe in and out in time . silas be actually talk to jay , to calm he and direct he , and its work shop floor maria ( more desperate ) ( cont 'd ) money ! ! silas breathe in .. and out changing room jay breather in and out maria ( 0.s. ) money ! shop floor silas breathe jay walk out of the change room , directly behind maria , and maria directly in front of silas maria ( raging ) money ! silas in .. and out and on '' out '' jay pull the trigger , shoot maria in the back , maria fall down dead jay freeze to the spot , stare at the dead body , drop he gun silas breathes a sigh of relief , then get up fast silas ( cont ’d ) grab some provision he turn to see jay still freeze to the spot , stare at the woman silas ( cont 'd ) jay ! silas collect useful item , tin of food , ammo , oil jay collect useless item , chocolate , honey etc 21 22 21. ext - outside trading post - day 21 jay exit the trading post into the bright daylight he stop abruptly two child stand , hold hand , wait for they parent a girl age ten , a little boy age six , blond , sweet silas exit and see the kid silas ( to himself ) shit .. silas shut the door before the kid can see the fate of they parent jay approach the kid silas go to fetch the horse jay lay all the stuff he 's gather from the shop at the foot of the kid then just stare at they kid ( swedish ) why be you sad ? silas reappear with the horse silas dry you eye kid - let 's drift jay begrudgingly turn , mount and they ride off , leave the kid to they fate ext - rocky landscape / edge of forest - day 22 jay and silas ride in silence silas begin to whistle a tune - yankee doodle .. jay snarl , think silas be happy cutting to silas , we see he be put on a brave face , hold back a tear silas look down at he hand his hand be shaking violently . silas clenches into a fist jay we could have take they in silas growl 23 24 22 . silas ( to himself ) in where ? CUT to : ext - campfire forest - night 23 jay lie awake and we enter he thought , he memory CUT to : int - scotland - cottage - dream flashback - day 24 single room crofter cottage , basic but homely . hard pack earth floor , small kitchen table , fireplace for heat and cooking . bunk bed down one wall , a tiny window the only light source jay and rose sit side by side on the bed jay look mournful , rose happy rose make a gun shape with she hand and pretend to shoot jay in the heart , and smile jay make a effort to smile back jay how do you feel .. about I rose turn serious rose you be the little brother I never have jay gut , almost resentful jay you do not mean that . that 's not what you mean jay look at rose , that same long look from the dune rose I be sorry my Romeo , but this violent delight .. rose grab jay and tickle he rose ( cont 'd ) have violent end .. jay stand up and turn to rose 23 . jay what choice do you have ? a farmer , a fisherman ! rose 's smile wipe rose best you leave now , jay rose hear a gate shut outside and spring into nervous action , look around for a place to hide jay he should not be in here JOHN ross ( 0.s. ) no violence , we need protection , crofter rights .. the voice of rose 's father , JOHN ross , and another man approach the door , rose panic rose under the bed jay shake he head jay no rose do not take no for a answer and pull jay under the bed jay crawl under , turn himself around to look out rose 's father JOHN ross be a big man he be with a smaller man name calum , a friend of the family rose daddy JOHN ross Rose calum hello Rose jay watch from under the bed CUT to : later - more man enter the room , jay still stick under the bed CUT to : 25 26 24 . ext - night - camp 25 jay stir silas be up and take a piss he scratch he ass with the barrel of he gun jay turn over and drift back into .. ext - scotland - cottage - evening 26 the room be now full of people and jay be still trap under the bed two women sit knitting in the corner of the room Three men play musical instrument JOHN ross hold court at the table , tell a wild tale rose stand by the bed , look down at jay and they exchange a quick smile another man enter the crowded room and lay a lobster creel down by the bed , right in front of jay Inside the creel be a cat another man recite a gaelic poem the atmosphere cut dead when .. another man enter , flanke by two burly men . this be rupert , jay 's uncle and the landowner this wipe the smile from rose the rest of the room look nervous jay shrink to the dark back wall of the bed JOHN ross Lord cavendish ! May I help you ? rupert I have come for my nephew rupert look under the bed and find jay rupert ( cont 'd ) you should not be in here . this people be peasant CUT to : 27 28 29 30 25 . ext - camp - night 27 silas finish pissing , return to he camp bed CUT to : ext - scotland - outside ross cottage - night 28 rupert drag jay by the scruff of the neck out the door of the Ross cottage , follow by JOHN ross , rose , and some of the other men jay break free of rupert and walk to rose 's side jay I be with Rose now this be news to rose , news to rose 's father , and news to rupert rupert slowly approach jay he lift a hand to slap jay , but instead slap rose this enrage JOHN ross , he grab rupert and throw he backwards to the ground a thud as rupert smack he head on a rock the rock drip with blood and rupert look all but dead jay run off into the dark of night ext - campfire - forest - dawn 29 jay turn to look at silas , fast asleep jay quietly and slowly rise up and roll up he blanket all the time watch silas silas appear not to waken jay glance round camp to check he 's not leave anything silas open he eye and look at jay , then shut he eye again jay creep out of camp ext - plain - morning 30 jay ride , morning have break jay be out of the forest and now on the vast flat plain of Southern Colorado 31 32 26 . ext - plain - day 31 noon sun , jay sleep as he ride west ext - plain - late afternoon 32 Sun low , shadow long jay stop in the distance a horse and wagon , a camp fire , one man a dog trot over from the camp towards jay , a little wolf - like scrubby mongrel pant happily , sit look at jay jay decide to approach the camp , slowly the man now stand , rifle in hand jay stop again - within earshot of the man the man place he gun down and wave this man be werner . he have a kind , intelligent face , middle age , stubbly beard , ( look and sound like Werner herzog ) werner ( german accent ) good evening ! jay smile at werner jay I come in peace werner smile back werner my ear hear you music ! werner beckon jay to join he werner ( cont 'd ) come , come jay dismount werner giddily run to the back of he wagon and pull out a second chair , place it next to he little fire werner ( cont 'd ) sit . I have coffee werner sit opposite , happy to have the company jay sit , look down at a journal next to werner 27 . jay you a writer ? werner perhaps werner hold up he journal . a long title fill the front cover he read the title slowly werner ( cont ’d ) I be '' record the decline of aboriginal tribe - they custom , culture and habit - in the hope of prevent they extinction or conversion to Christianity '' - the title of my account . too long ? jay perhaps werner lay the book down werner so now . East . what news ? jay look East jay violence and suffer , and West ? Werner look West werner dream and toil jay I pass though burnt remain of a indian camp werner sadden , pick up he journal werner this be dreadful news a race extinct , they culture banish , they place re-name , only then will they be view with selective nostalgia , mythologise and romanticise in the safe guise of art .. and literature Werner hold up the journal on ' literature 's werner ( cont 'd ) this be a new world for we , also for they 33 28. Sun set , light fade werner get up walk towards he wagon werner ( cont 'd ) you must be hungry he root around the back of the wagon . he have all sort in there , about four saddle , many bag , much junk he find some bread and bring it to jay jay ' til now my sole company 's be a brute werner sorry to hear this jay I escape werner hand jay bread , sit back down jay take a bite of bread jay ( cont 'd ) thank you CUT to : ext - werner camp - night 33 Camp surround by blackness jay and werner light by the fire , the back of werner 's wagon light by a lamp jay I kill a woman yesterday werner part and parcel werner warm he hand by the flame jay you care not to share you company with a murderer ? werner I would be a lonely man if I do werner shake he head werner ( cont ’d ) I be no judge nor Father 34 29 . werner now look devilish in the light of the flame werner ( cont 'd ) in a short time , this will be a long time ago distant wolf howl werner pick up he rifle and stand up werner ( cont 'd ) Camp here . blanket ? jay nod jay thank you werner return to the back of the wagon and pull out a blanket , bring it to jay werner I shall dream up some advice and in the morning dish it up with fresh egg jay what 's you name ? werner Werner jay I be jay . good night and thank you Werner werner nod , turn , climb into the back of he wagon and shut the door jay alone under the vast starry sky ext - plain - dawn 34 when jay wake up in the morning he be more than alone again . werner have go , and take jay 's horse , all jay 's possession , clothes , everything jay sit up in he all - in- one long johns and look around stands up look down , a chicken egg sit on a note pick up the egg , the note flap along the ground jay run after it , grab the note and read 35 36 30 . note - '' West '' and a arrow jay look at the arrow west and turn round with the paper in he hand before realise the joke of have a arrow west draw . . jay throw the note to the wind , angry and amused in equal measure drape the blanket over he shoulder tries to peal the shell from the egg pick up a small stone to chip the egg shell , and the egg break , but it be raw , not boil , and drip to the ground ext - plain - morning 35 jay wander across the vast windy plain CUT to : ext - plain - day 36 jay 's now staggering , hungry , tired he spot a few mushroom sprout from the dust he throw himself to the ground dramatically , like he have not eat for a week sniff the mushroom the wind blow hard , have prevent jay from hearing a horse approach from behind he the shadow of the man on the horse slide over jay jay turn round to see silas and he have jay' horse in tow , possession intact silas ( 0.s. ) you can eat that silas nod at the mushroom silas ( cont 'd ) eat enough of they , you can fly to Rose jay look at he horse and look at silas jay you kill Werner ? silas take time to shape he answer 37 38 31 . silas no . no reason jay go to he horse and bring out he wallet from he suit pull out the rest of he money and hold it out to silas jay this be all the money I have . get I there in one piece silas take the money silas sure kid silas hand jay a biscuit silas ( cont 'd ) have a biscuit jay munch it fast CUT to : ext - plain - day 37 silas and jay ride across the plain towards a forest CUT to : ext - forest - day 38 silas and jay have stop and be look at something in the wood jay that 's a shame silas be it ? we see what they be look at a tree have be chop down and fall on top of the feller , completely squishing he his arm stick out as if a cartoon , he flesh long go , he clothes disintegrate , he skeleton hand still grasp the axe jay no . no , it 's not both man smile at each other 39 40 32 . nothing like someone else 's misfortune to bond a friendship jay ( cont 'd ) Charles darwin talk of ‘evolution by natural selection 's silas for we sake let hope he 's wrong CUT to : ext - wood - day 39 the man ride on , silas be riding in front of jay jay be sing jay my lord be hunt he have go , hound and hawk with he be none , beyond silverghost lie he game , Rose Ross be she name silas put on he jacket for no reason other than to bring out the rose and JOHN ross want poster silas check that jay be not look ( jay be not ) silas look at the draw of rose , flip it over and look at the $ 2000 , flip it back to rose , then pocket it ext - camp by river in forest - day to evening 40 a pretty clear in the forest , dapple light through tree , a gentle trickle stream , a campfire crackle , log laid out for sit , a kettle boil jay sit on a log silas approach he while sharpen a large hunt knife silas walk behind jay hold the knife up silas the knife 's get to be as sharp as a razor jay 's face have be lather up with soap , the irony be jay be still too young for even the hint of stubble silas ( cont ’d ) you hold the knife flush , against the skin silas hold the knife flush against jay 's throat 33 . silas ( cont ’d ) and it 's a scraping motion against the grain , not a slice motion silas scrape the knife up the side of jay face and wipe the soap on a cloth over he shoulder silas ( cont 'd ) like so .. we gotta make you presentable for she jay smile at this jay I know why you need my help silas pause .. silas oh yeah ? jay yeah - you be lonely . you be a lonely man the truth throw silas for a beat silas sure kid jay sure kid . let drift . the silent , lonely drifter silas continue to shave jay jay ( cont 'd ) you be a lonely , lonely man silas no need to concern over I silas place the blade on jay jay flinch silas ( cont 'd ) hold still jay all I be say be .. there 's more to life than just survive silas yeah - there 's dyin’ . survival be not jus 's how to skin a jack - rabbit . ( more ) 34 . silas ( cont 'd ) it 's know when to bluster and when to hush . when to take a beatin’ and when to strike jay where 's you folk ? silas Father 's in the ground in Ireland , mother 's in the ground in Canada jay so what keep you from join they ? silas snap silas I dunno kid , quit askin’ I shit jay smile silas ( cont 'd ) I be fine ' till you show up jay I show up ? you show up silas yeah well maybe I be tired of showin’ up a distant noise like tinkling of glass .. silas stop shave jay , half finish , and look to the tree , bring out he gun and cock it silas ( cont 'd ) you be do silas slowly walk across camp towards the noise , gun point a man wander into view - payne - we remember he as the leader of the posse watch jay and silas ride day back we especially remember because payne wear a enormous fur coat payne be a generation older than silas and a generation wilder payne chomp on a cigar , ( bigger than silas 's cigar ) carry a couple of glass in one hand ( source of the clinking ) and a bottle of absinthe in the other payne pause for dramatic effect , unbother by silas and he gun 35 . payne hold he hand out wide as he do a balletic turn walk into the middle of the camp another dramatic pause , remove cigar payne May I enter ? silas it 's a free country payne try tell the native that payne playful , silas wary , jay entertained payne ( cont 'd ) I propose a trade . a mug of coffee for the finest import absinthe and a cigar of unrivale quality .. jay we drink tea payne ignore jay payne pull out a couple of cigar from he belt , hand one to silas and one to jay payne one for you , young man payne , silas , jay , all move to the log by the fie and sit in a triangle payne pour three glass of absinthe as he check silas out payne ( cont 'd ) still not a mark on you jay confuse jay you know he ? silas smile silas fuck yourself Payne payne smile payne I have try .. believe I I have try payne take a swig of the tea jay have pour he 36 . payne ( cont 'd ) oh .. that 's damn fine coffee jay it 's tea payne pass a absinthe to silas , and to jay , stand and toast payne to bad time in the green hour silas downs , jay sip payne ( cont 'd ) down it boy , it 's liquid joy payne casually to jay payne ( cont 'd ) so you head West ? silas interrupt quick before jay can answer silas North they be all lie to each other and they all know it payne yeah , I be head .. South ! the chill . I can not stand it - make my joint ache payne move he finger like he 's pull a invisible trigger and make a threaten squeaky sound , move in close to jay , and re-fill he glass payne ( cont 'd ) so why north kid ? someone special ? you be sweetheart maybe ? now silas move in close and give jay the ' do not answer 's stare payne break the tension payne ( cont 'd ) hey .. I be teasing , I be teasing . you must be bear on a Sunday , eh ? you bear on a Sunday ? jay just shake he head payne ( cont 'd ) you bear on a Sunday ? 4l 37 . jay I do not know silas now very alert to payne 's line of question payne so it 's fortunate that you be head North because West , it 's bad , big trouble , big storm come silas decide to cut this quick silas easy Payne . he 's just a kid payne no , he 's not . he 's a outlaw , just like we this sadden silas but please jay payne ( cont 'd ) any-hoo ! let 's drink . to friend , old .. and new they all down another absinthe , but silas and jay have drunk way more than payne payne make sure of that CUT to : ext - camp by river - night 41 a empty bottle of absinthe on its side - light by the moon payne sit on a log watch silas and jay silas be show jay how to draw and cock he gun quickly , and silas , half - cut , be still pretty handy silas show jay how to spin he gun round he finger silas spin it ! jay try to copy but drop the gun the nozzle land and stick in the dirt silas ( cont 'd ) that 's pretty good a sway jay lean down and pick up the gun , the nozzle now pack with mud 38 . silas ( cont 'd ) get that dirt out of it .. clean it jay try to clean it with he cuff then look directly down the barrel of the gun jay stumble over to a tree and tap the gun against the trunk the gun go of with a loud bang and jay drop it and fall over this amuse silas greatly and he celebrate by fire he own gun into the air payne be sit back against a tree , he face in shadow , watch jay and silas unravel payne shake he head the plan to get silas and jay drunk and talk be fail , now they be too drunk jay I need to piss silas flap he gun in the direction of the forest ( same path as payne come from top of scene ) silas away from camp ! jay wander into the dark payne wait a beat until jay have go stare at silas payne easy see how you two cross path . one 's a fall angel , the other 's a rise devil payne walk towards silas silas stagger towards payne silas I be no angel as silas try to step over a log , catch he foot and fall hard to the ground with a thump payne true payne help silas to he foot 42 39 . the man embrace silas use payne to balance , payne hold silas close payne ( cont 'd ) you think that 's a smart play - teaming up with he - quick than trackin’ he - simpler silas ai not no play about it payne yeah , I guess if you know where Rose and daddy be , you have be do babysittin’ silas stay quiet payne ( cont 'd ) never be a bean-spiller be ya ? not sober , nor liquore up , never be silas stay quiet , the man still hold each other close payne ( cont 'd ) what you gonna do with two thousand dollar ? payne place both hand on silas 's shoulder payne ( cont 'd ) come back to we silas lose patience , pull out he gun , cock it and push the nozzle into payne 's belly silas I be not like you Payne payne get 's it , take a step back , and another , and another and keep walk backwards into the darkness CUT to : ext - night - forest 42 jay be deep in the forest take a piss , light by the light of the moon turn and head through the tree , see the flame from a camp fire jay silas ! 43 40 . ext - forest - another camp - night 43 he trip and stumble into the camp then freeze and look about a group of ten folk sit round the fire . jay recognise none of they ( we recognise this posse . they be payne 's posse from the ridge ) they all look up at jay the kid , skelly , peyote joe , the minstrel , tattoo man marimacho with the two swedish kide from the trading post the kid stand up , knife in hand itching to leap on jay and cut he up jay what have ye do with silas and payne ? sitting next to the kid , skelly , oldest of the gang and 2nd in charge after payne nudge the kid skelly back down kid , Payne need he alive , you will get you chance the kid reluctantly obey and sit back down in a huff jay confuse , not realise he 's wander the wrong way and enter the wrong camp jay what have you do with the river ? peyote joe , bulg crazy eye from way too much peyote , answer jay with a ominous tone peyote joe they take it jay sit down in the circle of folk , between tattoo man and peyote joe the swedish girl watch he , recognise he from the trading post jay do not recognise she jay turn to peyote joe 44 41 . jay who take it ? peyote joe do not see they face marimacho see the swedish girl stare at jay marimacho kid ! the swedish girl break she stare and obey marimacho , crawl under a blanket with she brother marimacho tuck they in skelly , sit next to the kid on the opposite side of the fire to jay , continue a conversation skelly all I be sayin 's be in my day we try to keep out o’ the papers . you youngster tryin' to get in they make no sense the kid and all I be sayin’ , skell , be I want folk to respec’ I . what 's the point in dyin’ if nobody know you dead . same go for killin 's skelly spit a gob of chew tobacco into the fire and look around at he audience and clear he throat skelly I partner with a youngle once upon a time , by the name of Bill allson . dying to be famous , actually , kill to be famous . come to I one time and he say .. ext - wild west STREET - bright hot day 44 a stereotypical Wild West street , a young skelly ( tooth in and shave ) and another man ( bill allson ) bill allson be cut from the same cloth as the kid , new generation cowboy , good - look , cocky swagger , fame - seek the man walk and talk ( skelly be still tell the story but the character mouth the word ) 42 . bill allson ( skelly's v.o . ) '' I kill thirty man and countless savage , and I still be not get I no want poster '' skelly ( sarcastic ) where 's the justice in that ? I say its a one horse town and it look desert , dream - like the man approach a makeshift wooden shack , operate as the town saloon skelly ( v.o. ) so I be think , the only way to stop this kid croakin’ more innocent be to draw up a poster . let he find it a hand draw a want poster - bill allison , wanted ~ $ 500 dead or alive , its a crude poster , badly draw 45 ext - wild west STREET - day 45 skelly hammer up the want poster on the outside wall of the saloon skelly ( v.o. ) the next morning I put the poster outside the waterin’ hole he be drownin’ in . be not long afore he see the poster - '' bill allson , 500 dollar dead or alive '' he yell I over bill allson look at the poster bill allson skelly ! skelly ( v.o. ) and what he say chill I to the bone CUT to : 46 ext - night - posse camp 46 the kid what he say ? skelly be a thousand by tomorrow CUT to : 43. 47 ext - outside shack / bar - day 47 skelly cross the street towards the saloon skelly next morning I go get the poster , to pin in up the next town . the poster be not there skelly look at the bit of wall , four corner of the poster remain , the poster rip down skelly ( cont 'd ) I hear a gun shot and a body hit dirt . I spin around and see a mean son-of - a-bitch leanin’ over a blob CUT to : 48 ext - posse camp - night 48 all the posse captivate by skelly 's story skelly I presume this bastard see the poster , think it real an’ gun down Bill for the reward CUT to : 49 ext - wild west STREET - day 49 skelly walk to the middle of the street , pull out he six shooter without break he stride the man lean over the blob skelly fire , hit the man in the back skelly ( v.0 . ) so I walk and I shoot , and bang , he fall to he knee and die the man be on he knee CUT to : 50 ext - posse camp - night 50 jay lose in the story skelly on he knee like he 's prayin’ to be alive again 51 52 44 , skelly's tone now sad skelly ( cont 'd ) as I walk towards the dear depart ... CUT to : ext - outside SALOON - day 51 bill allson stagger out of the saloon skelly Bill allson step out the saloon across the street ! alive as you a 's I - bottle o’ whiskey in one hand , the want poster in the other skelly step up to the kneel dead man skelly ( cont 'd ) I step up to the prayin’ dead man and nudge he with my boot and he fall , revealin’ a dead lump of fur and meat skelly kick over the dead man , revealing a dead black bear CUT to : ext - posse camp - night 52 skelly it be a god-damn black bear smile and shake of head around the camp fire skelly ( cont 'd ) you know what Bill allson say to I ? tatoo man what he say ? skelly he say '' you jealous bastard , try to get you own poster '' peyote joe giggle the kid do not the kid bullshit marimacho smile 53 45 . marimacho that 's a good ‘un skelly most agree with mumble jay rouse out of the story and the silence sober he up he look around the camp , now alarmed jay there 's be a appall misunderstanding . I be at the wrong camp ! jay scramble to he foot jay ( cont 'd ) good night - good riddance jay run off into the darkness a gentle strum of a banjo and the minstrel begin to sing the kid , now stand again , drop he knife into the dirt in anger ( to the tune of one man go to mow ) the minstrel the good Lord bring the rain .. to wash away we trouble the devil add the lightning to show we he 's still near so the good Lord send some thunder to warn we of the devil but devil 's gonna blow we all away .. ext - camp in forest by river - night 53 jay return to he own camp payne have long go silas be sway , drunken , deep in think jay ( 0.s. ) silas ! there 's people in the wood silas turn to jay silas you love she ? jay who ? 46 . silas snap silas Rose ! jay yes beat . silas sway silas then go home , kid jay stare at silas , excitement become anger jay she 's mine silas she 's nobody 's a beat then jay lunge at silas jay Fighting talk jay try to hit silas but silas just smother jay 's action as he try to calm he silas shhh ! jay calm , sobbing silas lay he down on he blanket , like a baby jay cry jay you be always shushing I ! silas cos you be always run you mouth off a loud crack of thunder jay' gun on the ground ant be march into the barrel as the first drop of rain hit the ground massive thunder crack and a flash of lightning jay out cold , we enter he absinthe fuel dream 54 47 . int - pioneer house - evening 54 a basic wooden room , wall pain't white , a table and chair nothing else , look like a stage set the only light source be a candle on the table Rose sit on a chair at the table , read a book by the candle light two window on the wall behind rose , but instead of glass , paper , semi-transparent oile paper slowly and theatrically light fade up from outside , glow through paper window jay be slump against the opposite wall . Rose do not see he , jay be the sole audience to this strange ' play 's he smile as he see rose a distant crack of thunder and silas enter the room from a door on the right , smile at Rose jay stop smile , look confuse , then upset silas sit at the table with rose and start to read a newspaper rose get up and approach jay ( Pov camera ) , lean in and pick up .. a baby the baby be cry rose sit back down and rock the baby rose jay-bird , why so sad ? silas smile suddenly rain and thunder sound from somewhere ( reality , not dream ) we hear jay shouting jay silas !! the light dim on the dream scene CUT to : 55 56 48. ext - dawn - camp by river 55 silas wake up - ( note - the audience be lead to believe this be jay 's dream , it begin as jay' dream , as we cut back to reality with silas waking , we may presume this be also silas dream ) silas wake up jay shouting Dawn throw light on a unexpected and chaotic state of affair Thunder crash , lightning be flash , heavy rain fall in sheet the river have burst its bank and the camp have become the river the water be up to silas 's waist as he sit upright against a tree food , clothing , blanket , equipment , all float around they and down the river silas leap up jay look for he gun jay silas ! I can not find my gun silas look down at he now empty holster , then run to the side of the tree where he leave he rifle , now just a empty case silas Son of a bitch ! payne have steal all they weapon they splash around grab they gear each lighten flare reveal a fresh tableau of chaos jay be book ' Ho for the West 's slowly revolve as it float off down the river CUT to : ext - vast plain - morning 56 a vast plain 57 49 , in the distance a forest , beyond the forest a mountain range , on the mountain a storm , distant crack of thunder , faint flash of lightning this be the storm silas and jay be in , and it look about a day 's ride from the middle of the plain the plain , on the other hand , be back hot , clear blue sky a house sit in the middle of the plain , freshly build , bright yellow pine , oile paper , not glass , on the window JOHN ross stand on the porch of the house he have just build JOHN look at the distant storm and shake he head - he need the storm to be here , to water he crop he turn to watch a figure walk slowly towards he across the plain this be kotori , a young , handsome Native american , dress in ' settler 's shirt and trousers kotori carry two large jack rabbit , have a rifle over he shoulder , hold up the rabbit JOHN nod and smile JOHN ross come in kotori CUT to : int - pioneer home - day 57 the Ross house be simply construct , whitewash wood wall , paper window , we may recognise the room from jay 's dream during the flood now it be furnish - simple furniture mad from pine - a dresser , a table , chair , a bed the dresser have plate , apple , bottle of milk , glass there be also a milk churn , other object of use for daily life far from any store there be a rifle on two nail above the door , a single bed in the far corner ( John 's ) , a door lead to a tiny room where Rose sleep - and in the back a small larder full of food and utensil , and a back door rose be now dress in trousers and shirt , more practical , make she look more grow up , she platted hair make she more ' american 's 58 50 . rose ross pick up a butter mould and carry it across the room she pause mid stride as she hear kotori approach - she be very alert kotori enter , rose smile rose kotori she take the jackrabbit from he and hang they up on a nail in the back larder JOHN enter and sit down at the table with kotori rose pour she father a cup of coffee JOHN ross ( sarcastic ) turned out nice again rose turn kotori coffee ! rose turn back and pour kotori a coffee rose you always ask for coffee and you always spit it out rose slowly lift the top of the butter mould , but the butter have not set and sink out in a yellow splodge onto the table rose ( cont 'd ) for god sake JOHN ross Language Rose rose scrape up the butter JOHN ross ( cont ’d ) a improvement , stay on the table they exchange smile CUT to : ext - pretty meadow - day 58 meanwhile .. silas and jay be out of the wood and on a grass meadow they drench worldly goods be spread out on the grass 51 . silas sit on he saddle and pour water from he boot jay wring out he suit jacket silas try to spit , he dry mouth produce a dribble down he chin silas only thing dry 's my mouth silas place a soggy cigar in he mouth jay my head be kill I silas look at jay , a testing , intense look silas you remember nothing from last night ? jay I remember Payne .. then rain silas unravel a knotted rope jay look at all the wet gear , look at silas , look at the rope jay ( cont 'd ) give I that rope silas throw the rope to jay CUT to : silas and jay be riding across the meadow with a rope tie like a wash line , stretch between the two horse to keep the rope teach they ride about fifteen foot apart all they wet gear be tie to the rope , enable they to dry while they ride both man ride in they long - john it be both practical and ridiculous silas smile at jay silas not bad kid first compliment and jay act cool but smile to himself they ride into the sunset , but this be not the end .. CUT to : 59 52 . ext - ridge - day 59 payne and he gang appear on the lip of the ridge and stop , look down the hill they be about 500 yard behind jay and silas , who have dismounted and be at the bottom of the hill silas selleck ( v.o. ) I must have be jay 's age when I join Payne 's gang payne 's gang watch as silas and jay stop at the edge of a forest at the bottom of the hill silas selleck ( v.o. ) that be prosperous time in we trade . when I split , I be lucky to do so with my life this forest be silverghost , the forest jay pay silas to get he too , so they must be close to rose now in fact on the far side of the forest be a plain and on the plain sit a house and in that house rose , JOHN and kotori silas turn and look back up the hill , he fear confirm when he see payne and he posse at the top of the hill jay turn to see the posse jay what do they want ? silas they be bounty hunter . you know what that mean ? jay they hunt bounty ? silas rummages in he saddlebag and pull out the want poster silas they hunt Rose . daddy . blood . money silas pass jay the poster , now sodden from the flood and break apart jay take a long hard look at the draw of rose and at the word dead or alive jay want .. Dead or .. silas Dead or dead , kid 53 . jay take a beat to process jay and I be lead they to she jay pass the poster back to silas jay ( cont 'd ) we will lead they South silas shake he head silas there will be other jay other ? silas two thousand dollar entice a certain breed of undesirable jay take a good hard look at silas jay and just what breed be you ? silas think about strike jay but change he mind he mount he horse , look into the forest silverghost be a silver birch forest , white tree and green leave make it look invite silas local tribe call this forest ' the place of spirit tree 's , trapper call it ' silverghost 's - legend have it , folk go in , they do not come out jay climb on he pony silas ( cont 'd ) least we may shed the superstitious from payne be company payne and he company still stand in a row at the top of the hill silas and jay , they horse still tie together with the wash line , ride into the forest 60 61 54 . ext - top of the hill - day 60 the posse watch silas and jay ride into the forest skelly ah God damn you silas CUT to : int - pioneer home - day 61 rose be clear the table , JOHN polish a horseshoe , kotori drink he coffee a knock at the door JOHN signal rose and kotori to sit at the table JOHN get up reach for the rifle above the door JOHN who be it ? rose signal for kotori to move into rose 's little bedroom victor ( v.o. ) Victor self .. reverend Victor self Victor have a well speak English accent , clear and polite JOHN lay the gun down when he hear the word ' reverend 's victor ( v.o . ) sorry to bother you , look for a chap by the name of parker .. JOHN open the door to victor victor remove he hat , it be the very same man silas see outside the trading post . hawklike feature , black suit , white dog collar , black hat this be the sharp shoot bounty hunter , victor the hawk victor James parker JOHN take a second to think JOHN no parker here minister , will not you come in JOHN open the door wide , revealing to victor 's Pov , rose , stand point the rifle at he 55 . victor Sir I thank you , but decline victor nod behind JOHN JOHN turn to see rose point the gun at victor JOHN lunge at rose and grab the gun JOHN ross Rose ! JOHN ross place the gun back up on the nail above the door JOHN ross ( cont ’d ) I be sorry minister victor smile victor the good Lord have I on a errand - bless you and you lovely wife JOHN ross my daughter victor ah .. good day sir victor place he hat back on he head , turn and walk off JOHN ross walk onto the porch , rose follow , they both stand stare at victor as he ride off JOHN ross heavens above Rose , Scotland be far far away . nobody know where we be . nobody know who we be rose he know I be you daughter , I be call Rose .. and he know we be here JOHN ross he be send by providence . the Lord sense my waver faith . rain be come JOHN ross turn and walk into the house , leave rose on the porch to watch victor ride into the distance she know trouble be come rose turn into the house and shut the door CUT to : 62 63 56 . ext - silver birch forest - day 62 jay and silas wind through the silver birch tree of silverghost the forest be oddly quiet , lack of bird song or the chirp of cricket jay and silas be still in they long john and have forget about the wash line - they clothes now drag along the ground jay thou shall not be afraid of any terror of night , nor for the arrow that flyeth by day . for the pestilence that waketh in darkness , nor for the sickness that destroyeth in the noon day . ( psalm of David ) silas respond silas '' o'er all there hang the shadow of fear , a sense of mystery the spirit daunt , and say as plain as a whisper in the ear , this place be haunt " ( page 200 ambrose bearce ) jay be take aback by silas sudden poetic knowledge CUT to : ext - clearing in the silver birch forest - day 63 silas , now back in dry trousers , pick up he shirt from the wash line rope and shake the leave from it . we see the rope still tie the two horse together jay think he see something move in the tree he wander into the middle of the clear a superbly camouflage figure in between the tree pull back the string of a bow jay see the movement but not the figure jay silas .. the tree be move silas turn to look but see nothing 57 . silas it 's call a hangover kid . you will get use to it the figure , a native american , be paint to look like a silver birch tree his bow be draw and he arrow point at jay his tribe must be the reason why ' man come in to silverghost do not come out 's the arrow be release with a whizz jay instinctively raise he hand to cover he face the arrow shoot right through the palm of jay 's hand and stop a inch before he forehead jay hold up he hand with the arrow stick clean through it . first disbelief , then panic , then pain silas wander over behind silas and jay , two more native dart from the tree and leap on they horse , and gallop past silas and jay silas and jay can only watch the wash line rope be still tie between the horse and drag along the ground the native pass each side of a tree , the rope snap tight around the base of the trunk , bring the horse to a abrupt stop and trow the native into the air one land with a roll and run off in disbelief , the other smack into a tree and land with a thud and be knock out cold silas and jay can not quite believe what they have see , save by the rope .. the native who fire the arrow at jay cannot believe it either , not see the rope and think magic involved , he drop he bow and arrow and run off into the forest jay grab silas , the arrow in the hand still a slight issue silas smile silas ( cont 'd ) Nice catch silas snap the head off the arrow and pull the remain arrow out 64 58. jay yelp in pain silas pat jay on the back silas ( cont 'd ) we will fix you up on the way CUT to : ext - wheatfield in front of pioneer house - day 64 in front of the Ross house be a small golden wheatfield , about a hundred meter square in the middle stand a rag scarecrow at the back of the wheatfield , crouch low , face the house be victor the hawk he open the long case ( silas note at the trading post ) and in it a long rifle , snug in red velvet , and a neat row of bullet this rifle have a sight attach for distance shoot victor gently lift the rifle up and look across the field about fifty yard to the leave of the house JOHN ross be building a fence two post be up and JOHN ross be nail up a cross spar victor place a bullet in the chamber of the rifle JOHN ross lift the long piece of wood up and hammer in a nail , fix the spar a post the sun be beat down hard victor gage the distance between himself and JOHN ross while adjust the sight and aim JOHN ross , sweat , remove he hat and stare up at the sun victor be about to pull the trigger , until a sound of the house door open stop he rose and kotori appear and run about fifty yard to the right of the house ( JOHN ross be to the leave ) . there be a wash line with sheet flap in the breeze , and a pony tie to a post kotori help rose up onto the pony victor look at rose , look at JOHN ross , look at rose CUT to : 65 59 . ext - silver birch forest - day 65 silas and jay wind through the silver birch jay ' 's hand be now wrap in a dirty bloody rag they ride out of the forest and onto a plain and stop jay jump down from he pony and walk out onto the plain in the distance a house , a wash line , a wheatfield , too far to see people , but it be the Ross house , and rose be riding , and JOHN ross be mend the fence and victor be crouch at the back of the field , but from jay 's view it look peaceful and beautiful jay I have make it silas be behind jay , still on he horse silas be you sure that 's they jay ignore silas and let out a relieved sigh jay exactly what I imagine as jay look towards the house , silas dismount , unhook the rope from the saddle and walk towards jay silas have make a small loop in the end of the rope and he loop it over jay hand , pull the loop tight and grab jay by the scruff of he neck jay ( cont 'd ) hey silas drag jay backwards , jay struggle , fall to the ground , and be drag along the ground on he back jay ( cont 'd ) silas ! silas , silas , what be you do .. stop , no .. silas ! silas haul jay up against the nearest silver birch tree on the edge of the plain , move behind jay and pass the rope around the trunk , and tie he hand together jay be sit , he back up against the trunk , wriggle and spitting with rage silas , behind jay , pull out he large hunt knife jay see the knife , stop wriggle , place he head against the tree , shut he eye 60 . jay think silas be about to slit he throat jay ( cont 'd ) do it quick silas look at jay incredulously silas I be not go to kill you silas cut the long end of the rope beyond the knot silas ( cont ’d ) I be keep you alive . we do not have a gun between we silas walk around and sit in front of jay , rub the tree above jay' head and the white powder of the silver birch rub off onto silas 's hand silas grab the back of jay 's head silas ( cont 'd ) hold still silas rub the white powder over jay 's face jay what be this ! silas stop the sun burn you up jay rage jay I will protect Rose or die try silas turn and walk to he horse silas that 's what I be afraid of jay ( yell ) Lay a finger on she and I ’11l kill you silas ignore jay , grab the rein of jay be horse , climb onto he horse jay throw himself into a rage jay wriggle , dribble begins to rub the rope up and down the back of the tree 66 67 68 69 61 . silas gallop off with both horse across the plain in the direction of the Ross house CUT to : ext - back of wheatfield - day ( victor ) 66 rose and kotori walk slowly back to the house victor keep they in the sight of he rifle , he finger on the trigger .- but first he view be block by the wash line , then by the scarecrow , then rose and kotori enter the house and shut the door victor lower he rifle victor look back towards JOHN ross and lift he rifle and have JOHN ross in he sight again JOHN ross pick up a couple of nail from a little wooden box , place one nail between he tooth and begin to hammer the other one into the fence victor steady himself , hold he breath and he rifle still a nail be hammer into wood sweat drip from the rim of JOHN ross 's hat as the hammer strike the head of the nail , victor pull the trigger , a loud bang echoe across the plain JOHN ross 's hammer fall to the ground int - pioneer house - day - ( rose ) 67 Inside the house rose hear the bang she stop what she 's do and listen , the echo of the gunshot still audible ext - tree on edge of plain - day - ( jay ) 68 jay frantically rub , also hear the shot and freeze ext - edge of wheatfield - day - ( victor ) 69 victor lower he gun , and in the distance , JOHN ross fall to the ground 70 71 72 73 74 75 62. ext - middle of plain - day - ( silas ) 70 silas gallop fast towards the house , jay 's horse gallop by he side ext - fence outside house - day - ( JOHN ross ) 71 JOHN ross lie dead - blood in the grass , rose can be hear shouting ( from screen right ) inside the house rose ( 0.s. ) dadda !! Da !! CUT to : ext - tree edge of plain - day - ( jay ) 72 jay rub rope against tree , faster than ever and it be beginning to fray CUT to : ext - middle of plain - day - ( silas ) 73 silas gallop across the plain CUT to : ext - edge of wheat field - day - ( victor ) 74 victor , now stand , put he jacket on , brushes himself down , look towards the house CUT to : ext - tree edge of plain - day - ( jay ) 75 as jay rub the rope against the tree we hear voice from behind he in the forest a general mumble of storey be tell , joke exchange , horse trot , twig snap jay freeze and shut he eye he be well hide , low down , he shirt the colour of the silver birch , he face white with the dust from the bark payne be posse slowly ride past jay and out onto the plain , no one notice the boy tie to the tree chit-chatt away , the last to pass jay be the minstrel - he whistle and strum a sad lament on he banjo 76 77 78 63. the posse be head straight for the house jay be breathe quicken , matter go from bad to devastating once out of earshot , jay begin rub the rope with add ferocity CUT to : ext - wheatfield - day - ( victor ) 76 victor walk through the wheatfield , past the scarecrow , towards the ross house .- until he notice silas gallop into view from the right of the house victor duck down into the wheat silas ride to the back of the house CUT to : ext - tree edge of plain - day - ( jay ) 77 jay rub , about half of the rope fray payne and he posse be half way between jay and the ross house CUT to : ext - porch of ross house - day - ( silas ) 78 silas run around the building and onto the porch silas John Ross !! Rose Ross !! silas bang on the wall and the door silas ( cont 'd ) you need to leave this house .. there be man come here to kill you ! to the leave of the door , a paper window - oile and translucent finger rip a hole in the paper , and rose 's eye appear peeping at silas silas be strike by rose 's beauty - even just the small glimpse of a eye .. 64 . silas ( cont 'd ) Rose .. another burst in the paper window below the eye hole and a gun barrel seductively slide out silas hold he hand up and take a step back and another silas ( cont 'd ) easy .. I be a friend rose 's eye move , she be look at silas , now she gaze shift to something behind and to the leave of silas the barrel of the gun also shift round away from silas silas turn to see what rose now look and aim at it be victor in the field . and he be aim he rifle at silas victor shoot silas be hit on the shoulder and fall to the ground rose 's eye disappear from the hole on the paper window silas struggle to he foot and scramble round the leave hand side of the house and fall victor quickly reload silas slump against the wall of the house victor can still see silas 's leg stick out victor shoot silas in the leg silas gasp and shuffles along the wall so he be completely out of sight victor again reload the scarecrow , about twenty foot behind victor , be make of a cross of wood , with a rag coat and a large hat victor aim he rifle , wait for silas to reappear the scarecrow lift its head and lower its arm it be payne , now wear the hat of the scarecrow payne casually walk towards victor and shoot he in the back victor fall down dead payne take aim high 79 80 81 65 . he aim at the Native american weather vane that sit on top of the house payne shoot , the vane ping and spin settles west payne be happy about this and turn to shout a order to he posse payne kill that house ! the posse pop up from all around he , like whack - a- mole , shoot up the house CUT to : ext - tree edge of plain - day - ( jay ) 79 jay stop rub and listen to the distant gun shot , start to rub again faster than ever CUT to : int - pioneer house - day 80 rose be crouch below the paper window , hold she pistol gun shot explode from outside rose lift herself up and look out of the hole in the paper she make with the gun barrel through the hole we see the posse pop up and down as they fire at the house kotori run to rose and haul she down from the window , just as a bullet explode on the window frame inch from where rose be Dust and splinter rain down on rose and kotori the inside of the house be be pepper by bullet bullet pepper the back wall . a lamp be smashed off the wall ext - wheat field - day 81 payne stand still while he man pop up and down around he payne take he hat of he head and hold it against he chest in honor of the house near dead 82 83 84 85 86 87 66 . int - inside pioneer house - day 82 bullet whizz through the paper window plates be smashed from the dresser ext - side of house - day 83 silas inspect he shoulder wound then he leg wound bullet whizz by he , hit the wall by he head , but silas do not flinch in fact he smile int - pioneer house - day 84 more object smash a glass bottle of water a porcelain statue a jug of milk a book ( pilgrim progress ) a apple on a shelf ext - tree on edge of plain - day 85 a few strand leave then a snap as jay break the rope and frees himself he jump up and run towards the house ext - side of house - day 86 silas place a cigar in he mouth and dig into he pocket he pull out he last match which be use and dead this upset silas more than the whizzing bullet and bleed wound int - pioneer house - day 87 kotori move to the door and bring down JOHN ross 's rifle , then bolt the door rose sit under the window hold she pistol 88 89 67 . above rose a shadow of a large knife rest against the oile paper a eye appear at the hole - the eye of the chinese man - tattoo man the eye look around the room , rose out of sight below he tattoo man walk along the porch to the door and try the handle then pass along the porch to the other window rose move into the middle of the room she aim at tattoo man 's silhouette and fire tattoo 's bloody head burst through the paper , and slide down , leave a bloody snail trail rose run back to below the window and duck down ext - middle of plain - day 88 jay run fast towards the house ext - side of house - day 89 posse member - the kid - slink around the corner where silas slump , but do not see silas the kid load he gun bullet from the shooter in the field spray the wall around he the kid I ' 1l1 show they how to do the job right - yes sir no sir three bag full of .. shhh the kid finally notice silas , slump , unarm , unlit cigar hang out of he mouth the kid lift he gun silas resign to death a bullet whizze from the field , mean for the house but hit the kid in the back the kid slide down the wall and rest next to silas let out he last breath 90 91 92 93 68. int - pioneer house - day 90 the silhouette of peyote joe pass the far window on the opposite side of the house kotori spot he he 's head for the back door kotori move towards the back door the door open and kotori fire , blast peyote joe dead joe lie on the porch but immediate rigor mortis have freeze he hand to the handle of the door kotori can not shut the door with joe attach to the handle rose join kotori and the pull the door as the door close joe be drag along the back porch until he trousers snag on a nail rose and kotori heave the door shut and joe 's trousers be pull down rose and kotori run back to they position below the window at the front of the house ext - side of house - day 91 silas root through the pocket of the kid and find a box of match ext - middle of plain - day 92 jay run , slower due to exhaustion , gunfire get louder as he near the house int - pioneer house - day 93 the gunfire suddenly stop kotori look out of the window at the field the field look completely peaceful and empty ( the remain man be lie low ) it be a strange moment of quiet mid battle rose sob kotori look at rose , then move to she , prop he rifle next to she and walk towards the back door 94 95 96 97 69 . rose turn rose kotori ! rose think kotori be abandon she , and slump back down below the window silas be slump behind the wall to rose 's leave silas start to sing and rose hear through the wall silas ( sing ) I shall be carry to the sky , on flowery bed of ease rose listen , half scared , half relieved silas be still alive ext - side of house - day 94 silas strike a match and light he cigar silas while other fight to win the prize and sail the bloody seas " be I a soldier of the cross ? " : Isaac watt hymn int - pioneer house - day 95 the moment of calm end as the remainder of payne 's posse begin to shoot again rose take a second to compose herself , then empty the dead cartridge from she gun and reload fresh bullet ext - right side of the house - day 96 the reason the man have stare fire again be because they be fire at jay , who have reach the house jay run past the wash line , dodging the fly bullet , run round the back of the house , past dead peyote joe , and in the back door int - pioneer house - day 97 rose finish load she gun , see a figure ( jay ) run into the room , and instinctively fire , hit jay in the heart jay see that he love rose have just mistakenly shot he , reel back against the back wall and slump down 70 . rose do not recognise jay , the last person she would expect to run through the door , and jay ' 's face white with powder from the birch tree rose have presume he be another of payne 's man rose lift herself up to look out of the window and start fire the pistol towards the field , eye shut , know she be unlikely to hit any of the shooter anyway she fire the remain round but keep go and the empty chamber click click click behind she on the far wall slump jay , a bleed hole by he heart blood drip out of he mouth jay try to call out to rose but he cannot talk rose slump back down below the window but do not turn around jay look over to she kotori return to the room kotori , now shirtless , have bring arrow , strip of cloth paraffin . he sit next to rose and hand she the rifle rose place she hand on he rose until civilisation arrive kotori lean in and kiss rose on the cheek jay look gut there be a shelf above jay and on that shelf a jar - large letter - salt a bullet hit the jar , and salt pour down right into jay 's wound jay wince in pain kotori pick up he arrow and bow and walk out of the front door rose cock the rifle , look out of the window and aim 98 99 71 . ext - front of house - day 98 kotori have wrap cloth around the tip of the arrow . he dip they in paraffin and light they , aim and fire they in the air the flame arrow arc and land in the dry wheat the wheat quickly burn and the fire spread rapidly rose keep aim out the window , wait in second the whole field have light up and the remainder of payne be posse have no choice but to run out from the smoke and flame run the minstrel , gun in one hand , banjo in the other rose fire , shoot he dead marimacho appear , rose fire and shoot she dead skelly stand up , flame all around he , rose fire shoot he dead int - pioneer house - day 99 rose turn , throw the rifle down and pick up she pistol , move up and look out of the window , see kotori lie dead rose kotori rose slump back down below the window , this time face jay the smoke from the burn field clear give rose a clear view of jay she look directly at jay for the first time jay try to speak jay ( whisper ) Rose rose see jay rose jay jay shed a single tear rose , still with pistol in she hand , cross the room towards jay on she hand and knee jay smile at rose and place he hand on hers 100 72 . rose begin to softly cry rose ( cont 'd ) jay rose hold jay 's hand and try to smile through the grief rose ( cont 'd ) silly boy jay try to talk but cannot Light have be stream through the front door , but it turn to shadow , darken the whole room rose turn to look payne stand at the door rose realise that payne cannot see she gun from he line of sight rose slowly cock the gun as payne talk payne turn around Rose rose turn the gun around and place it in jay 's hand payne ( cont 'd ) it 's over rose lean in to kiss jay on the cheek , give jay a clear view of payne payne lift he gun to rose payne ( cont 'd ) do not hurt before payne can pull the trigger , jay fire and payne fall to he knee payne fall forward onto he hand and roll onto he back , dead jay shut he eye and let out he last gentle breath and die rose sob and lower she head ext - side of house - day 100 silas struggle to he foot 101 73. ext - pioneer house - day 101 rose sit in front of jay silas hobble in through the front door , and see jay lie dead silas jay silas slump down on he knee next to rose they both look at jay and not at each other silas remove he hat silas ( cont 'd ) he love you with all he heart rose his heart be in the wrong place silas his spirit be true jay dead , we hold he for a beat payne dead and we hold on he for a beat this be a quiet tableau vivant style montage of all the people that die on jay 's journey to rose skelly lie dead in the wheat field , blacken , burnt to a crisp marimacho lie dead on the grass the minstrel lie dead next to he banjo which now have a bullet hole in the skin kotori lie dead on the grass next to he bow and arrow the kid lie dead next to the house peyote joe lie dead at the back door , he hand still freeze to the door handle , he trousers pull down snag on the nail tattoo man lie dead below the front window , the snail train of dry blood on the wood victor the hawk lie dead in the wheat field next to he long case and long gun JOHN ross lie dead by the fence maria the swede lie dead in the trading post 102 74 . johan lie dead in a pool of blood in the trading post the storekeeper lie dead behind the counter in the trading post the indian slay old officer lie dead on the forest floor the two young indian slay soldier lie dead on the forest floor end of montage of the dead ext - plain with pioneer house sitting pretty in the SUN 102 slow track towards a double bed inside the pioneer house , where there be a single bed before slow track towards the kitchen table - rose bring the butter mold to the table , as the two swedish kide ( from the trading post , then Payne 's gang ) play by the table rose lift the lid of the butter , but it still have not set and flow onto the table slow track towards the horse shoe that JOHN ross nail above the door , that be then shot and fall upside down a man 's hand appear , turn the horseshoe and hammer a nail in to hold it ' lucky way up 's silas selleck ( v.o. ) there be more to life than survival . jay cavendish teach I that . I owe he my life we track back to see it be silas nail up the horse shoe silas selleck ( v.o. ) Ho for the West silas turn , exit frame , black screen the end