'' a ABC circle film the day after screenplay by Edward hume second draft revise : May 7 , 1982 2 " and when the Lamb open the seventh seal , there be silence in heaven for about half a hour . " ( revelation 8:1 ) Rev. 5/7/82 ll. fade in : , , close pan / overlap sequence of painting 1 for pr by Thomas hart benton , the great muralist of the Middle West . undulating prairy , reaper scything summer hay , a butterfly chaser -- all the dark , rich , roll energy of a fertile land . SOUND of wind stirring in the grass , song of a meadowlark , dis - tant thunder . 2 ext . midwest prairie land - sequence - start sunrise 2 wine - red through indian grass ; a distant man- on - horseback crossing a stream , a lark in the grass - fussing about its nest fat with egg ; wildflower , gentian and blaze - star . a hawk slowly circle over a rabbit as it scamper , pause , sniff , scamper , sense some unseen threat . the hawk dive . several child ( age 10 exite a school - bus on a farm road , rum after , make face at they friend behind the window ... 3 ext . farmland - low -flying aerial - day 3 from prairie to farmland . we see summer corn and wheat field , some thresher work . the varied geography of the heartland : giant green circle , the brown - green - gold square and rectangle of family farm . Hay , soybean , pasture , livestock praze . White farmhouse , barn , silo , wind - reak ... and intercut two or three mysterious '' parking lot " among the cornfield , contour plow - ing pattern . surrounded by drainage ditch , cy - clone fence , the dirt rectangle , perhaps 75x150 yard , feature a massive concrete block on a short track , a adjacent maintenance building . this be the lid of a minuteman missile silo . 4 ext . kansas & missouri river - aerial - day 4 fly low along the wide river , move from farmland to industry . we be approach Kansas City and the conjunction of two great river . we see railroad yard , huge barge , traffic zipping along the ex - pressway , giant grain elevator , stockyard , oil refinery , royat Stadium ... the building of downtown kc catch the sharp morning sun . smail bottom screen super : " kansas CITY " eo Rev. 5/7/82 2 . 5 ext . kansas CITY stockyard - steer - day 5 . surging through a load chute . distant tv reporter be eo voice anticipate next scene ... for reporter' voice since Soviet troops crush the East german worker 's strike last June , the West have be unanimous in condem the Soviet action and apply economic sanction ... 6 int . meat pacing plant - butcher - day 6 dress down side of beef , wheeling the hook halve from the ceiling , into cold storage . slow pan " lo - cate " small b.g. tv set on Foreman 's table ... reporter' voice . which have not stop they grow military presence along the West german frontier . NATO intelligence source report a massive buildup of infantry and armored division ... 7 int . board of trade - cut among floor broker 7 in shirtsleeve , three - piece suit , shouting bid on wheat from the trading pit , wave they arm , jotting frenzied note on slip of paper . a arena of energy ! behind the shouting , we continue to hear : reporter' voice . along the elbe River and extend all the way south to the Czech border ... which the United States fear could seriously jeopardize the current round of strategic arm reduction talk ... of favor two broker of half - watch a small tv set on they desk among the computer screen , market price , Wall Street journal , sandwich , coke and perrier . they do not take the news too seriously . on the tv screen , we now see a diplomat - type be interview as he exit a. limousine . ( continued ) i) my a of 73 through 15 16 17 Rev. 5/7/82 3/4. continued : oe 7a ' diplomat ( on tv ) the Soviet ambassador tell I the maneuver be the usual Warsaw pact training exercise . I tell he that explanation be unacceptable ... broker # 1 watch this . they will start talk trade embargos . broker # 2 do not count on it . we just sell the Russians four million metric ton of red winter wheat . closer favor tv - russian ambassador . 7b jolly , bespectacle , " joke " with a reporter . ambassador ( on tv ) " provocative ? 's you call we provocative when you Americans have two hundred and sixty thousand soldier and seven thousand nuclear weapon poise on the other side of the border ...? omitted 8 through 15 ext . hospital complex - start " fallout shelter " - day 16 sign , the small black and yellow emblem few notice anymore on the side of ... OPEN across hospital facade . SOUND of heartbeat , anticipate next scene ... int . hospital ( maternity ) - slow zoom - close - infant 17 writhe soundlessly in a incubator . SOUND of heart - beat louder ... anticipate next scene . ( continued ) * al 17 18 19 continued : 17 oake ' voice a lot of kid be bear with it . int , hospital X - ray room - dark - start X - ray scan 18 where we see the image of a human heart beat on a electron scan screen . SOUND of heartbeat recede , as ... oake ' voice but we can do something about it this day ... favor russell oake 19 doctor , 46 , boyish face , sharp clear eye patiently view the action of the heart . Dr. janet ives , 26 , intern , Dr. SAM hachiya , 29 . a teach session . White jacket . oake calmly indicate with a silver pen : of oake here 's the problem . the septa do not meet properly . the aorta 's rise from the right ventricle and the pulmonary from the leave . how about that , Dr. ive ? ives well , the oxygenate blood be go back into the lung , before it get to the heart . oake nod , pleased , then look at hachiya : oake Dr. hachiya ? what do we do ? Sam hachiya look very japanese , but speak with a american accent . ( intercut scanning screen . ) hachiya we go in and make a nice little hole here between the two side of the heart to let the blood leak across to carry enough oxygen to the rest of the body . 20 int . hospital ward - tracking oake , hachiya - day 20 os , and a nurse , as they approach joe , a old black white - : haire man in bed , apparently asleep . with oake can you schedule it Saturday , Sam ? hachiya no way . I be pull thirty - six hour straight up at hampton start tomorrow ... oake ( hearty ) hello , Joe . what 's for lunch ? oake open Joe 's shirt , exam scar , pacemaker , ap - ply stethoscope . without move , Joe 's eye open , luminous , " accuse . " joe I have turkey with yam , bean , cranberry sauce , two glass of milk and rice pudding which I hate . nurse say she 's get I some ice cream but she never come back ! oake what 's you favorite flavor ? joe vanilla . coffee , if they say they be not get no vanilla . oake ( to nurse ) you hear the man . joe ( to hachiya ) what you stare at , tojo ? hachtya you funny - look belly button , joe. 21 time CUT - ward - dr . landowska 21 70 , bald , energetic , caustic ... approach , shake ey hand with oake , effusive . trace of a accent . ( continued ) 21 22 23 continued : landowska 21 landowska Russell . be you go to Vienna for surgeon 's Conference ? oake oh , I do not know , iggy . it 's go to be awfully busy this fall . landowska just as well . the Germans and the Russians be get ready to blow each other up again , and the wienerwald with they , most likely -- ( cynical disgust ) ostpolitik ...! oake ( thoughtfully ) you do not really believe that , do you ? just grin , enigmatic , the pause indicate that he do in fact half - believe it -- clap oake heartily on the shoulder . landowska of course not ! just look for my own excuse not to go . oake how about scrubbing in with I Saturday morning on the Anderson child , say 7:30 ? favor ward corridor - tracking - oake and landowska 22 toward the door to oake ' office , as they approach a young woman ( marilyn ) wait there . landowska delighted . cive we time to discuss this streptokinase enzyme for dissolve clot . what 's you opinion , Russell ? have you read Marcus ' paper ...? closer - favor marilyn 23 20 , tall , Big frame spirite girl , candid glance , insolent mouth . glass , ribbon in she hair , afghan earring . ( continued ) - Rev. 5/7/82 8.-11 .* 23 continued : 23 a Student 's briefcase . she try catch she father 's ' attention , speak with a husky voice . : oake ' voice it could be a breakthrough technique , but we need to know much more about it , like why thirty percent of subject develop new clot within ... marilyn daddy ? 24 ~ quick to favor - oake 24 see Marilyn , surprised , embarrassed , check he watch ... 25 omitted : 25 through . through 30 . 30 31 ext . rockhill park ( k.s. ) - high on oake - day 31 and Marilyn , below , crossing toward the nelson-atkins Gallery , Kansas City skyline b.g. oake eat he sandwich , sip milk from a carton . Marilyn talk rapidly , animated , laugh through she anger , anxiety . marilyn wha -- do I have to make a appointment for open heart surgery or something to get a hour with you . 32 trackiig closer - oake and marilyn 32 oake what 's eat you , fruitcake ...? marilyn ( instant remorse ) I be sorry , I be just jumpy , real jumpy today . do not say I sound like Mom , please . ( continued ) for oy ee 32 33 12 , continued : 32 oake come on . what be it -- East Germany ? marilyn ( laugh ) be you kid ? so what do 1 know from East Germany ? ( take he arm ) come on . I be take you someplace you work right next to and I bet never be inside in fifteen year ... int . nelson gallery - smooth wide dolly - oake and 33 marilyn . as they walk slowly through the museum , cool and exo - tic , one of the world 's great collection of Oriental art . they pass a large golden amida buddha . inter - cui dolly : beneath a temple ceiling ... past rich porcelain , silk , scroll , a chou dynasty bronze warrior and horse . indicating a misty mountain land - scape painting : marilyn sometimes it 's hard to know how to experience a chinese landscape because the artist do not tell you where you be watch from -- like in a Turner or a corot or something . know why ? because he want you to be in the landscape , a part of it , not out here look at it . oake smile , savore she enthusiasm , just enjoy be in she company . oake you mean a God 's eye point of view . marilyn no. well . yes . if by God you mean everywhere - and - inside sort of thing , yeah . they exchange a glance , grin , she eye evasive . oake you have get that twitchy in - between look . marilyn I do ? in - between what ? oake in between know whether you should tell I something or not . ( continued ) 33 34 35 36 ge Rev. 5/7/82 13. continued : 33 she look angry , amused , smug , resign , afraid : '' marilyn okay . daddy , I be move to Boston . closer favor oake 34 the new angle revealing he hurt and surprise . he try to sound off-hand . oake oh ? how come ? closer favor marilyn 35 study she father 's reaction , defensive : marilyn see ? that 's why I did't tell you right away . because I have to deal with you hurt feeling and Mom 's , not just ... oake all I ask be why you choose Boston ... marilyn ( burst out ) mainly because it 's thirteen hundred and ninety - one mile away from here . oake be take aback . Marilyn see the hurt in he face , immediately remorseful , touch he arm . marilyn ( continue ) oh , God , that sound awful . I do not mean it to come out that way , like a lousy chorus of ' she 's leave Home 's , but it 's really time I do , daddy . two shot 36 against silk painting as they stop , face each other . oake you have not be live at home for two year . ( continued ) 14 . 36 continued : 36 cc marilyn : a apartment twenty - six block away be not exactly Independence , Missouri , you know . especially when I still bring my sheet home for Mom to wash thursdays . oake grin ( but still feel a sense of abandonment ) ... marilyn ( continue ) see ? I still call it home . that 's the problem . they resume walk , away from panning camera ... oake o£ course choose Boston have nothing to do with the fact that Gary kazakian 's start tuft Medical this fall . marilyn no. well . maybe a little . but it 's not like we be go to be live together or anything . at least not right away . actually , I just get accept by the Boston Museum School , half scholarship . oake come around in front of she , take she arm ... 37 close - marilyn and oake - intercut 37 as some passerby glance at they . oake Marilyn , that 's wonderful ! why do not you tell I that in the first place ? marilyn because that 's not the first place ! oake you mean it be Gary ... marilyn why can not you believe that I just have to get away from home . ( more ) ( continued ) nees '' 37 15 . continued : 37 marilyn ( cont 'd ) before it change . we be all change , daddy , do not you see ? you be always fly off to some conference somewhere . Alan 's brood about girl and pass pattern . Mom cry in the bathroom a lot . oake squint , shocked and confuse ... marilyn ( continue ) I do not know . grow up be -- grow apart . I guess it 's a Natural phenomenon , like the expand universe . she make a sad little palm - apart gesture , then turn a spontaneously give she father a hug . a passerby glance . oake have you tell you mother ? marilyn I think I would start with you and work my way up to she . oake oh. I be easy . marilyn easier . they both grin , resume walk . oake it 's not so easy , you know . marilyn what ? oake start to say something , hesitates , awkward , then : oake it 's hard say goodbye . Marilyn nod , big dip nod , change the subject -- marilyn so what 's happen in Germany ? ( continued ) Rev. 5/7/82 16 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) . 37 eo oake ge basically , I think East and West Germany want to get back together again , and that 's one thing the Russians will not stand for . marilyn so what ? so what 's that get to do with we ? oake we be part of NATO . already Marilyn 's attention have drift to ... 38 favor the " hell scroll " 38 a llth century japanese ( kamakura ) painting : red flame leaping skyward , demon chase the scream damme into the inferno . ( optional : some other _ " apocalyptic '' '' work of art . ) marilyn wow. ook at this . we be not the only one who believe in heaven and hell . eleventh century Japan . 39 favor oake . - 39 earefully study Marilyn 's profile . oare what 's this about Mom cry in the bathroom ? marilyn just that sometimes I hear she . not like she 's angry or frustrated or anything . she just sound lonely . you never hear she do that ? oake can not answer , ashamed that he have not hear . Marilyn smile , feel less a child now . marilyn ( continue ) you know what they say about cardiologist . they know everything about the heart , except the heart . ( more ) ( continued ) to a qo 39 40 41 Rev. 5/7/82 17 continued : 39 marilyn ( cont 'd ) ( hunch a little ) you be not angry I tell you . oake no. I be glad you do . we have never have a talk like this . she just look at he , the closeness a little too much . she pull a pear from she briefcase . offer it . he shake he head , fondly , watch she bite into the pear . int . helicopter - aerial on field - shadow - day 40 of we helicopter roaring over wheat , cornfield , farm - road , combine ... pass over another minuteman silo ( as in # 3 ) . super : " sweetsage , missouri . " favor airman 2nd CLASS leonard mccoy 41 24 , sit on the floor , heaving a huge 's wakeup yawn , soft cap , leather service jacket , toolbox . also , usaf a /3rd art cooper , tech sergeant vinnie conrad ( read the Kansas City Star , " President warn Soviets ... " ) . sitting up front with the helmete pilot , two young captain , boyle and starr , wind - breaker service cap . one smoke thoughtfully , the other also read a newspaper . all wear picture id tag . mccoy speak with a thick cajun accent : mccoy anyone hear talk about a alert come up ? cooper alert ? not this weekend , buddy . I be go fishing . conrad ( to Starr ) coop go fishin' , he generally come back engage . cooper when you fall in love you fall in love . ( continued ) ey 41 42 43 44 45 46 18 . continued : 41 conrad every weekend you fall in love . what 's the matter with you , coop ? have not you get no self - control ? close - cooper . 42 reconsider , to himself . cooper _ come to think of it , I could use a nice quiet weekend . close - mccoy and he Pov - intercut 43 as he look wistfully across the pass field . pass yet another missile silo . but mccoy 's thought be elsewhere . mccoy weekend , hell . I get thirty day pay . I and Janice be takin ' skip to n'yorlin . angle toward starr 44 in cockpit , as he glance back from he newspaper . starr I would not go make any big travel plan for awhile , lenny . conrad ( mock ) be that a order , sir ? starr nope . just a feel in I bone . ext . cornfield - low sharp tilt - helicopter - day 45 as it clatter overhead , whipping the tall stalk , heavy with ripening corn ... ext . launch CENTER - low on helicopter - day : 46 descend toward camera . tilt down as chopper set - tle to swirl dust ... ( continued ) 46 47 48 19 . continued : 46 radio voice sparrow four-five request entry tango Control ... tango control : have id 's ready , please . boyle , Starr ( with duffel ) , conrad , mccoy , Cooper emerge from the copter . the clear be 's surround by wheatfield as far as the eye can see . pan as the five pass toward green " ranchhouse " structure . int . launch CENTER ( upper ) - starr & boyle - day 47 enter past Guard # 1 , white helmet , carbine , toss sal - ute , speak to guard # 2 ( black ) through wire grid door . _ starr Captain Starr , Captain boyle request entry please . Guard # 2 open door . camera follows Starr and boyle into a small office . the usual formality : guard # 2 May I see you identification , please , sir ? Starr and boyle show they id 's . guard # 2 ( continue ) thank you , sir . Flight status normal today , no site check due except for maintenance team on tango five , first shift . starr very good . | boyle speak into small wall phone : boyle Captain boyle to authenticate : Roger , Alpha , foxtrot , Victor ... favor " rec " room area - mccoy 48 shoot pool near food vend machine with Guard # 1 , as conrad confer with Cooper over a electronics schematic diagram ... time CUT : 49 50 51 52 20 . handheld - favor starr & boyle 49 now in white jumpsuit , red hardhat , combat boot , '' strapping on sidearm holster , gather briefcase and a thick manila envelope , check watch , step into a load elevator , close accordion gate ... int . silo elevator - starr & boyle 50 slowly descend . they be stoic , unhurry , confident -- the nerve button of a vast C - cube circuitry ( com - mand - control - communication ) . they do not even look at each other . hold for a few second , indicate the long ride down . Elevator stop . handheld camera ( wide ) " walk " with starr & boyle 51 into small 10x10 cement room at bottom of shaft , fac - ing a massive steel door ... intercom voice stand clear ! the door slowly open . we see another missile combat ' Officer , same uniform , as they enter the control room capsule . change of the guard : cheerful , bland , professional ... voice Morning ... it 's morning ? how 's the weather topside ...? beaufiful day . int . launch control room - starr & boyle 52 enter room resembling the cockpit of a spaceship , two large track bucket chair before twin computer - like console , two red telephone . boyle be already strap - ping himself into the " easy " chair , as officer # 2 point out information on a checklist notebook . officer # 2 all flight plan normal , all facility clean and green . boyle beautiful . cor 53 54 55 56 57 58 21 . several close cut on equipment ° 53 toggle switch , storage cabinet , padlock metal box , code panel , a print - out map of " tango " Launch center and its ten satellite missile silo . voice send out for chinese when you get hungry . I leave the takeout number by the phone . ( some laughter ) write if you get work . favor starr 54 as the two other officer exit . Starr close the steel door , sealing they in . ext . launch CENTER - mccoy , conrad , cooper - day 55 carry toolbox to usaf maintenance truck ... as two ( relieved ) officer climb aboard helicopter , rotor spin . pan truck as it start through cyclone fence gate , down farm road ... quick close - white horse 56 graze nearby pasture , lift its head , alert . ext . hendry farm - tractor drive - dennis hendry - 57 day 30 , hardwork young farmer , drive a tractor ( com - bine ? ) , stetson , checker shirt , drink water out of a plastic bottle ... ext . same - long high crane shot - farmhouse complex 58 as Dennis ' tractor be see work a nearby field ( far edge of frame ) . this be the classic 160 - acre , multi - crop family farm . clapboard house , outbuilding . in the barnyard we see a woman and two child , a barking dog . pan to contiguous missile silo area , the fence - in " parking lot " ( see above , title ) , as mccoy 's truck come barrelass down the farm road , spew a dust - wake , pull a half - circle up to the giant concrete lid . routine maintenance check . '' 59 60 61 62 63 64 22 . ext . minuteman silo - same - mccoy , conrad , cooper 59 select tool , box , clipboard from the truck , approach a small hatch to the side of the silo lid . mccoy walk up into camera close , stare thoughtfully through the fence toward ... intercut - he Pov ~- hendry farm 60 where the farmer work in direct proximity to he home and family . mccoy look wistful , yearn ... close - ellen hendry 61 30 , short thick blonde hair , skyblue eye , housedress , have just hang out sheet on the line , a breeze gently roll the wet white . SOUND of 0.s. tractor , television commercial in the house . she pick up a mug of coffee from the back porch step . sarah , 7 , and kenny , 4 , fight over a cookie sheet . ellen see ... intercut - close - mccoy 62 watch she , see she clearly look back . he offer a hesitant little half - salute and wave . passenger on pass planet . back to ellen 63 study this soldier in the middle of nowhere , wave back at mccoy . sip . children' voice mommy can I make cookie ?... no I wanna make cookie ... you can not make cookie . you be only four ... you can show I ... oh Mom ... ellen sure , kid . go ahead . but clean up . int . silo hatch - handheld - mccoy , cooper , conrad - 64 day descend a steel ladder , hand down equipment ... pass through a tube tunnel toward main silo shaft . ( continued ) 64 65 66 Rev. 5/7/82 23. continued : : 64 mccoy if I go rebook that plane ticket I lose my supersaver . conrad do not know why you fly down to n'yorlin for anyway . y'ought to drive down ... int . minuteman missile silo - low tilt - three 65 emerge into main shaft . we see the massive weapon suspend like a giant white candle , black - tip , rivet mark , vent hole , a large stencill " load " on its side . the man go about they task , fussing with wire , check schematics , handle a little black metal box ... conrad . visit all that pretty nice old plantation down around natchez , take one of they steam boat ride . mccoy geez , can you just see I , change skipper 's diaper all the way down the Mississippi ... int . hendry farmhouse - live room - day 66 where stationary camera shoot toward hallway , into the kitchen . in middleground screen left , the family television console be on . ellen have be watch while irone , now move about the house , put laundry away in the linen closet , carry clothes _ upstairs . in the kitchen , Kenny and Sarah be fight over who clean the dirty bowl , when the cookie will be ready to come out of the oven . on the unwatch tv ( " good Morning , America ? ) a Daniel moynihan -type diplomat give he view on the current crisis in Europe . the hhasis be more on the dome - tic routine than on the tv . diplomat '' 2 ( on tv ) +. , we -very delicate position in NATO , since we insistence on positioning medium - range persh 2 's and cruise missile in Europe prompt great Britain to reconsider its own nuclear commitment , scrub it altogether if the Labour Party have its way . ( comrmmted ) + 1 ) 66 67 24 . continued : 66 tv host where do that leave the West Germans ? . diplomat well . they do not want they cowutry to be a battleground for the superpower anymore than the british do , but they be opting for nuclear independence like the french , rather than withdraw as the English be consider . that be why bonn have just give its three - month notice of withdrawal from the nuclear non- proliferation Treaty . they want they own weapon . tv host but the West Germans already have access to we weapon through NATO . ellen pass through live room with laumdry . diplomat conditionally , yes . . with the bless of the Supreme ally Commander in NATO who be , of course , a american . and that 's they great fear : that when the chip be down , and the red light be blink , the United States will not really be willing to sacrifice Chicago for Hamburg , as the say go ... in the kitchen , Kenny and Sarah be quarreling over the hot cookie sheet . it flip over , hurl hot cookie all over the floor . Kenny start cry loudly . ellen rush in to make peace , start pick - ing up the cookie . Sarah shoos the dog away ... diplomat ( continue ) so the Germans feel they have no alternative but to build they own , something the Soviets have dread since the end of the second World War ... ext . dahlberg farm - quick long establishing - day 67 farmyard of a well - keep dairy . farmhouse , barn and silo , white fencing . ( continued ) a 67 68 69 70 71 25 . continued : 67 two young people -- bruce gallatin , 21 , darkhaire , football jersey , jeans , and DENISE dahlberg , 19 , black jersey top , wrap -around skirt -- rush urgently out of the back screendoor , Bruce hopping , tug on he boot , denise frantically brush out she long straight hair . they hop on Bruce 's Honda , peel out ...! quick close barnyard animal 68 ' dog barking , geese honking , waddling away ... as the big bike skid a circle in the yard , roar o.s .... ext . motorcycle riding - close bruce and DENISE - day 69 as they hit two - lane blacktop between pastureland , gun up to 60 , 70 , past fence , silo , windmills , oil well . she hold tight , skirt flap in the wind , shout : DENISE my hair 's go to be a mess ! bruce put you helmet on ! DENISE we forget the helmet ! bruce waaaaahoooo000 .. . ! intercut - there Pov - ahead 70 as they shoot past a few car come the other way , accelerate around a truck ... bruce's voice waaaaahooo0000 ...! intercut - there Pov - ahead ( town ) 71 as " we " decelerate past sign : " entering bannock hill , mo . " ( not a hill in sight ) , the outskirt of a neat , well - groom Missouri farm town ... big clapboard house , green lawn ... Civil War monument ... a few irate older folk turn to watch we speed by ... down a commercial stretch , town hall ... joyride in and out of a drive - in restaurant where a few young people laugh and hoot , wave at " we " ... voice hey , bruceeee ...! of y 72 73 74 75 26 . motorcycle Pov - ahead - sharp time cut 72 as we growl in and out of a gas station , slow down pass a town police cruiser ... around a corner , into a giant grain and feed storage yard , familiar face , smile ... out across the high school athle - tic field , around the oval track , a coach bark , blow he whistle for we to stop ... past band practice . 7 quick close - bruce and DENISE 73 DENISE come on , Bruce , we be keep everybody wait ...! bruce it 's just a rehearsal . ext . town lutheran church - high ( crane ? ) - day 74 small cluster of people , car , pickup . we hear a child 's choir singing inside ... favor jim dahlberg 75 ( denise 's father ) 45 , husky , sunburn , wear he " town " clothes , corduroy jacket , chambray shirt , straw hat , well - shine boot . successful dairy farmer . he be do a slow burn . his wife eve , perm hair , pink dress , nervous smile , fussing over daughter , jolene , 12 , brace , and son danny , 11 , get fat , wear a suit which he hate . eight young man and woman , 18 - 20 , cluster to the side , quietly joke . rev . ray WALKER , 40 , short beard , turtleneck , approach from church . jim I be sorry , Ray . do not know what could have happen to they . eve if I know Bruce , he 's probably go to make a grand entrance . Rev. Walker check he watch , move 0.s. jim we should have tell she she be come with we . ( continued ) oom qe 75 76 77 78 79 27 . continued : 75 eve they probably just want a little privacy . close - favor jim 76 look at Eve , vulnerable ( and somehow threaten ) . squint : jim privacy ? jolene you know , dad : privacy . favor jolene ( & intercut ) 77 as she wrap she arm around herself , wriggle , purse she lip and smooches the air ! Danny roll he eye . danny uh , jolene , that 's disgusting ... SOUND of approaching motorcycle . Eve look o.s. eve what would I tell you . motorcycle Pov - same - approaching church 78 and wait crowd . Young people wave . Jim stare . bruce's voice do you father look tick or what ? favor motorcycle : 79 brake . denise climb off , apologetic . Eve start brush out she hair . jolene stare at Bruce , a big crush . eve where have you two be ? bruce sorry , Mrs. dahlberg , we ... jolene ( coy ) hi , Bruce . ( continued ) '' 79 80 81 28 . continued : 79 jim ( to Bruce ) let 's you and I take a walk . rev . WALKER ( merry irritation ) well . shall we all get start . handheld - jim , bruce , danny 80 run to catch up as they head toward the church . Bruce hand Danny the ringbox . bruce here you go , Danny . you keep this in you pocket till I ask you for it -- get that ? . jim ( confidential ) I know it 's only a rehearsal , and it 's probably none of my business , but where the hell do you get off keepin’ fifty , sixty people waitin ' on you . bruce I be go to tell you I bust ny watch , which be true , and I have to go back for the ringbox . but the truth be , sir , we be joyridin’ . Jim be nonpluss , look Bruce up and down . jim could not you at least have wear a clean shirt ? Bruce look at himself . he do not think he look so bad . bruce sorry , sir . Jim try to give Bruce a stern look , but can not conceal a grin . he like Bruce , he spirit , he humor ... jim pretty tacky judgment all around if you ask I ... ext . kansas CITY - downtown street - day 81 thick with late - day traffic , the 30 - story City Center Square ... SOUND of a jet plane taking off overhead ... al 82 83 84 85 29 . ext . the paseo - CITY playground - handheld cut 82 among twenty child , black and white , age 8 - 10 , play " Red Light , Green Light . " match SOUND of jet plane closer , louder . White boy stand with he back to the approach horde , spin and shout " Red Light ! " all freeze in place , except for two whom the Boy retire to the side . as he turn back , and the overhead jet build to a deafening roar , several child rush up behind he , grab hin , hoot ...! kansas CITY - swift montage - day 83 of several city landmark , typical neighborhood . jet roar fade . closeup 's on people go about they average day , wait for a bus , confide joke on a park bench , plead with a meter may ... ext . crown CENTER - the mall - same - telephoto - 84 marilyn and she mother , helen oake , 45 , short , full - figure , hair prematurely grey , deepset eye . they walk swiftly among shopper , bag and box . Marilyn , as usual , be do the talk , gesticulate theatric - ally with she hand and shoulder . now , helen stop short at something Marilyn tell she , listen keenly , as pedestrian pass ... int . lunch restaurant ( hyatt ? ) - helen and marilyn 85 - day as they be be serve bloody mary . as scene pro - gress , two men at adjoin 0.8. table begin argue " quietly , " they dialogue intrude periodically on ours , Marilyn catch the drift out of the corner of she ear , glance they way , uneasy . helen only hear Marilyn . helen when be you leave ? marilyn Tuesday ... helen next Tuesday . that 's only four ... marilyn registration 's next Thursday . joannie 's already line up a new roommate . ( continued ) 5/7/82 30 , 85 continued : 85 . helen man in ( look for restaurant # 1 obstacle ) it 's not like we be what about all you ... school child hide plant ? under desk , you know --- it 's not so quaint marilyn as that any more ... I be take they with I . man in restaurant # 2 helen -.. I be not say you be drive ? the plan would ever be put into effect . marilyn it 's part of a overall well , not alone . I be strategy of deterrence ... go with Gary . we will split gas and drive time and so forth ... 86 closer intercut - helen and marilyi 86 helen oh . I do not realize the two of you be ... Marilyn suppress a little grin , let she mother stew in she own innuendo . helen nibble celery , sip she drink . Marilyn glance 0.s . man in restaurant # 1 if it 's just theoretical , just a bluff , why have I helen hear so much about that little car of it in the last forty - yours will never eight hour ? make it . marilyn Boy , you do not seem real crazy about the idea . helen have you tell you father ? marilyn we sort of have lunch . ( continued ) to 86 of ad 87 ey aa ? 88 31 . continued : . 86 man in restaurant # 1 ( continue ) .. @ ' plan ' for evacuate city be utterly unrealistic . in the first place , how be we go to know two or three day helen in advance of the and he be wise and likelihood of a funny and loving and nuclear attack ... how supportive , be not do you move two he ? million people from a city to God know where ...? helen hide behind kleenex , blow she nose . Marilyn half listen to the dialogue behind she , then lean forward to comfort she mother . josh : marilyn he do not get weepy in public if that 's what you mean . helen man in oh , Marilyn ... restaurant # 1 ] ( continue ) you know people . they would turn into lemming and run for they life ! marilyn come on , Mom . you will survive . helen no I will not . I , .. of course I will . why -- you be old enough to vote , old enough to ... she start giggle . Marilyn grin at she . ext . dahlberg farm ~ long on four rider - late day 87 on horseback scamper around in a pasture , play tag . through the haze of the late sun , we see denise riding toward we , old straw hat , jeans , rag foot - ball jersey . she be a good horsewoman . her father , Jim , pursue on horseback . quick close - jim 88 riding up behind she ... 2 ) 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 32 . intercut he Pov - DENISE 89 from behind , she fine figure full and confident . Jim study she with a certain poignancy , then charge ... quick cut ~ DENISE 90 she smile radiant , as Jim snatch the red bandana from she rear pocket , riding by ... DENISE daddy ... 1 favor jolene 91 riding up to she father , bandana now in he pocket , but he playfully elude she ... and Danny , who reach out too far , go slide clean off he saddle , whin - ing like a cat , hit the mud . jolene help he up . longer on DENISE 92 riding hard after Jim , break into a straightaway gallop along a farm road ... close ( drive ? ) cut on DENISE 93 close the gap on f.g. Jim . without too much resis - tance , she swipe the bandana from he pocket , ride off wave the red flag , jolene and Danny circle ... close - jim 94 at ease , watch wistfully ... he Pov - DENISE 95 maneuver she mare in a circle , outflank jolene and Danny , hold out the bandana , just beyond they reach , seductive , entice ... back to very long on four horse 96 canter together along the top of the pasture . distant church bell ... oo 97 98 99 100 lol 33 , ext . suburban STREET ( westwood ? ) - long - evening 97 down tree -shroud street , where oake drive he volvo toward camera . pan as he turn into f.g. drive - way , up before brick house with portico . radio voice ( in car ) -.. three Soviet tank division poise along the fulda gap . ' the Soviet foreign minister , in Brussels ... int . volvo - same - oake 98 park , listen to the radio , face vulnerable , hand on the switch , look toward ... . radio voice ( continue ) ... for trade talk with the common market , tell ( ABC News ) that the United States have the cart before the horse , that it be the coordinate movement of persh - 2 tactical missile launcher that provoke ... intercut ~ closer - oake Pov toward house - helen 99 can be see through the kitchen window , work at the sink , unaware that " we " be watch she . oake abruptly switch off the radio , but ... intercut - closer - oake 100 continue to sit in the car a moment in silence , study - ing the house , observe helen with a expression of love and dread . hold as he exit car toward house with french bread and a daisy bouquet . int . oake kitchen - oake and helen - night 101 work together in a big , old - fashioned kitchen . he skewer beef . she be break lettuce , chopping mush - room . small 9 " tv set on the counter , soundless variety show . daisy in a glass . Black cat watch . oake where 's Alan ? ( continued ) Rev. 5/7/82 34 . 101 continued : 101 _ helen over at Jackson 's for supper . they have get a varsity scrimmage at seven . of ~ je oake he do not seem to spend much time around here , do he . helen who do ? they exchange a glance , she offer a little smile . helen ( continue ) - just I and Felix the cat . 102 quick ~ favor black cat 102 watch " we . " 103 back to slightly closer - two 103 oake look like I be here , helen yeah , that 's nice . I think you teach hematology at hampton tonight . oake Sam 's take the class for I . I be go out tomorrow afternoon . they exchange another glance , both smile , pleased . oake ( continue ) want to go to the movie ? we could park up at fern Hill drive - in and neck . helen hmm . what if we just stay in and cozie it ? oake suit I fine . we could light a few candle and put on some raunchy music . ( continued ) Rev. 5/7/82 . 35 , 103 continued : 103 oo she cock she head , regards he with a curious smile . helen what 's get into you ? oake what -- you do not like my idea ? helen oh , I think they be terrific , just -- have Marilyn be talk to you ? oake ( all innocence ) she tell I about the scholarship and Boston ... , helen ( depressed ) yes , I know about that . she say you take it very well . om 104 closer angle 104 ws as oake detect she anxiety on the subject . helen get clumsy with the vegetable . oake yeah , I think I handle it pretty well . ( beat ) it 's good to see she so excited about the move ... helen be that what matter -- how excited she be ? she would follow Gary in that old rattletrap to nome or New Mexico . she only apply to Boston because ... , oake so what ? helen " so what ? ' so what if it 's a big mistake . I think ... oake * ( interrupt ) helen , turn that up . 105 omitted 105 * Rev. 5/7/82 _ 36 . 106 favor SMALL tv set 106 : as cat dart across scene at they sudden approach . s. ( frame tv screen as only a portion of the picture , flanke by canister , sink , kitchen witch ... >) helen' voice oh please no , Russell , I have be hearing that creepy thing all day . we interrupt this program 's this and that , I really can not take ... reporter ( on tv ) ... the swift blockade of West Berlin . this action follow report earlier this evening of widespread rebellion among several division of the East german Army . to repeat : 107 helen and oake - low wide tv Pov _ 107 as they stare numbly into camera . she hug she arm . ( continued ) 107 108 109 110 Rev. 5/7/82 37 . continued : : 107 . reporter -.. East Germany tonight seal off the border to West Berlin , close the four principal West german access corridor at lauenburg , helmstadt , herleshausen and rudolphstein . stay tune to this channel throughout the evening for further report on the crisis in Germany . we return you now to we regularly schedule programming , quick - television 108 as three sing " grouchos " soft - shoe across the screen . favor helen and oake 109 instinctively move to touch each other . his eye still glue to the screen , he flip the channel selector ... helen I do not believe this be happen . oake do you want to watch this in the live room ? helen no . I want to go upstairs and get into bed with you , int . oake bedroom - helen and oake - night 110 under the cover , look toward another tv at the foot of the bed ( beyond camera ) . they eat food with they finger from the same plate . urgently : oake maybe there 's something on another channel . helen how bad can it be if a half a hour ... ( continued ) 38 . 110 continued : 110 oo oake {3 everything 's happen too fast , — there 's get to be some statement by now from the White House or the State Department . helen you be not go to miss it , Russell ... oake what do you think he 's go to do ? threaten to break the blockade by force ? helen I do not know ... camera slowly begins tightening on oake and helen . oake both side have tactical nuclear weapon which they both say they will not use first , but who 's go to back down ? helen '' I do not know . I do not know . all I know be I only feel scared like this once before . my God , nineteen sixty - two , the Cuban missile crisis . remember Kennedy on television look so grim and determine , tell nikita khruschev to turn he boat around ? oake I remember . ' full retaliatory response . 's he say it without blink a eye . helen and we be in bed like this in New York -- remember -- a hundre and eighteenth Street , meatball sandwich from sharkey 's , you last year in medical school . I swear we make Marilyn that night . oake then we get up and look out the window , half expect the sky to light up with bomb . ( continued ) of 110 111 112 39 . ( 2 ) 110 helen but it do not . ( beat ) and it 's not go to now . they embrace in the ghostly tv light , find womblike comfort in each other 's arm . oake look toward ... favor window : 111 where a tree be outline against the night sky . oake ' voice people be crazy . but not that crazy , helen do you want to hear crazy ? the donnelly leave today for guadalajara , back to oake and helen 112 as he lean on a elbow , look at she , amused . oake guadalajara ...? helen I swear . I speak to herb as they be pull out . he say they be dovetail they vacation with the 'rise international tension ' and want to get out before the stampede begin . oake . oh , cut it out , helen ... helen I be not kid you . they even take they vietnamese may and that nasty little bark dog with the push - in nose . oake and he little combination tractor - lawn mower - golf cart with the silver hubcap ? ( continued ) 112 - _ . 113 114 gy 115 be '' 40 . continued : 112 helen ( laugh ) probably ... int , brood - sow barn - start close on litter of pig 113 - night ~ pink and hairless , squealing , squirming for a teat on they prone 200 - pound mother . ( optional : act - ual birth of a pig . ) b.g. SOUND : Kansas City royal baseball game on a transistor radio some - where in the barn , over ... jim dahlberg , jolene , danny 114 minister to the piglet in a haystall . jolene lean close , study with intense interest the little one suckling they mother . Jim lift one piglet by a hind leg . Danny , hold a injection bottle , fill a syringe , hand it to he father . ( royal game b.g. radio . ) danny do not that hurt he , hold he like that ? jim no , not if you grip the whole leg like this ... he 's squealing ' cause now he 's get to work for a live . Jim inject the piglet , give Danny a stoic stare , until they both grin . lower piglet back to its mother . jim ( continue ) jolene , honey , let 's go . jolene tenderly lift the next piglet for its shot ... time CUT - tracking hog pens 115 where score of month - old pig crowd around the feed - ing trough . ( continued ) 115 continued : 115 ' pan ahead to Danny , activate a lever , which be - lease grain into box which supply the trough ... 116 '' quick CUT - jolene 116 still fondle a baby pig . 117 . ' ext . farmyard - slow pan - night 117 horizon , white fencing , b.g. barn -- where Jim , Danny , jolene be see exite ~- past nearby white frame farmhouse , light warm in the dark , through f£.g. pine tree windbreak . nearby voice speak quietly , earnestly : : denise' voice we should not even be see each other tonight . bruce's voice that 's the night before , denise -- tomorrow night wé be not suppose to see each other . and I get to go up to hampton in the morning anyway for registration , and audie 's get some stag party plan anyhow ... ( gently kissing ) so tonight 's the last night I will see you till Sunday ... denise' voice ma 's still fitting my gown ... bruce's voice - and no one 's home at Arthur 's right now , they be in town at the game , camera hold tight on ... co no 118 42 . bruce and DENISE 118 lean against a John deere by starlight . he wear a collegiate V-neck sweater and shirt . she wear short and T-shirt , blonde hair in big curler . he be kissing she face . DENISE . and it 's not like we have not ever make love , brucie ... bruce not without ... you get sick on the pill ... or roll off the havstack ... or worry whether my damn balloon 's gonna break ... . she start laugh , cover she mouth , look impishly toward she father , brother , sister . Bruce start snort laughter . she cover he mouth too . DENISE shhhh , they be right over there . he snake he arm around she from behind , tickl - ing . she pin he arm , but hold they around she . whisper : DENISE ( continue ) can not you wait two more day ? bruce no , she can not resist he big ador grin . tempted : DENISE you be crazy . you know that ? bruce and you just get it today . can I see it ? DENISE I do not exactly carry it around with I . ( continued ) 43 , 118 continued : 118 a bruce where be it ? DENISE upstair . in my room . in my dress table drawer . bruce a lot of good it 's do there . ( as they giggle ) go on . go and get it . her face ripple with amusement , excitement , as she study he big eye , decide to ... 119 int . dahlberg house - start on tv - night ' 119 royal baseball game ( continuity from radio , above ) . 120 quick to jim 120 just settling onto couch , daintily hold a full glass of beer , eye on tv in the dark room . Danny Plays he clarinet somewhere 0.s. Jim wince as Danny screech a note . we see denise peek in liv - ing room from b.g. hallway , then dart across , not want to be see . 121 quick - danny 121 practice clarinet , eye close , before a music stand , huffing and puffing ... " camptown race . " 122 quick - eve dahlberg 122 cut up apple in the kitchen to fill ten pastry - line pie tin , see denise pass hallway , head Ie upstairs , keep work . b.g. clarinet and ball - ey game ... x. 123 124 125 126 44 , int . denise' room ~ close handheld - DENISE - night '' 123 pull curler out of she hair , move to dress table , open drawer , take out blue plastic diaphragm box , snap it open -- empty ! quick - very close - DENISE 124 astound , quick refocus to jolene , poise mis - chievously in the doorway , gingerly hold something behind she . outrage : DENISE jolene ! give that to I ! jolene dart giggle 0.5 . denise , curler dangle , run out after she ... int . live room - intercut jim and tv - same time 125 baseball game . SOUND of denise chase , yell at jolene directly overhead ... add to the cacophony of Danny 's clarinet , barking dog , baseball crowd cheer a extra base hit . Jim be about to erupt to he foot when he hear : tv voice we interrupt this program to bring you a special report . East Germany tonight tightened its stranglehold on West Berlin by halting all air traffic in and out of tegel and tempelhof airport , sever the eity 's lifeline to the West ... int . upstair hallway - handheld " running " - same 126 with denise as she chase jolene in and out of she parent ' bedroom , down the hall ... DENISE you have no.right to touch my thing ... your a thie£ ! jolene run into the bathroom , slam and lock the door . denise beat on the door . DENISE ( continue ) you open this door this instant , jolene or I will never speak to you again ! ( continued ) 45 . 126 continued : 126 a ) denise spin back into camera close , ready to " tell " mommy or daddy , realize she can not , desperate ... 127 back to jim in live room - sequence of close moving - 127 cut as he stare numbly at the tv screen . tv voice ... condemn by NATO foreign minister as a blatant , unconscionable violation of international law , warning East Germany and the Warsaw pact command that failure to re-open the route to West Berlin by noon tomorrow Berlin time -- that 's six ayem Eastern Standard time -- would be regard as a act of war ... after a emergency meeting with he cabinet and congressional leader of both party , the President tonight declare all United States military personnel on worldwide stage - two > alert ... 128 int . upper hallway - eve - same time 128 now confront both denise and jolene ( hand behind back ) by the open bathroom door . Danny wander into scene hold he clarinet . eve would you girl be kind enough to tell I what the dicken be go on up here ? 129 back to slow dolly closer - jim 129 tv voice ... summon Soviet ambassador nikolai schidrin to the White House three quarter of a hour ago . Press Secretary David towne report that both side be engage in frank and earnest talk aim at find way to defuse the heighten Berlin crisis . 130 int . DENISE 's bedrocm - DENISE and jolene ~ moment 130 later opposite side of the room , as Eve speak from the door . ( continued ) 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 46 . continued : : 130 eve - do not have to tell I what it be . but I expect the two of you to settle it among yourselves -- or I will see that you father settles it for you . jolene , I could sure use some help with the casserole when you be through . as soon as Eve move 0.s. , jolene grin . scale the diaphragm across the room at denise , dart out . denise control herself , hurry into the bath - room , slam the door . SOUND of water running .... int . live room - danny - same 131 with clarinet , look into live room , see baseball game on television , no one there . perplex , wander out ... - ext . farmyard - slow close dolly - jim dahlberg - 132 night stand outside in the dark , deeply worried , kick at the dirt . he be not sure how to digest what 's go on , nor with whom to discuss it . he hear a meow , bend and pet a cat rub against he leg , look toward ... he Pov ~ kitchen window - eve and jolene 133 head bob into view , work together in the kit - chen . again , the ( awful ) SOUND of Danny 's clarinet , low register . jim 134 look overhead into the vast night sky , full of star . it be all so peaceful and wondrous . screen door creak . he look , see ... long toward DENISE 135 quietly sneaking out , tie a yellow scarf around she head . pan as she hurry past the windbreak . back to jim 136 as he walk up into camera close , angry , wonder whether to call out or not , face alive with emotion . 0 137 138 139 140 47 . he Pov slow pan dark farmyard 137 as SOUND of motorcycle gently start . Red reflector light slowly move out from behind windbreak , revs .. off down the road ... very close - jim 138 stony , finally realize that he oldest daughter now belong to another man . ext . whiteman AIR force base - favor sign - night 139 identify main entrance and the word " Strategic Air Command , " ete . SOUND of truck move in and out . int . mccoy house - handheld - mccoy - night 140 Air Force fatigue , pack a duffel on he bed , as wife , maureen , long hair , robe , watch , frantic . military housing , bright curtain , " God bless this mess " sampler . hillbilly moonshine jug lamp base , baby toy on the floor ... rapid dialogue : maureen you promise I nothing like this be ever go to happen ... mecoy it 's just one of this alert , Maureen ... run around check circuit twice instead of once ... maureen what be I go to tell my mother ? . she 's get the house all set , a room for skip ... mccoy maybe you ought to go on down ... ( see she skepticism ) no , I mean it , honey . you go ahead with skip and I will join you whenever this thing be over . maureen oh , that 's just great . he look up , forlorn . she feel ashamed , lean close ... maureen ceontinue ) oh lenny , I be sorry . ( more ) ( continued ) oy we 140 141 48 . continued : 140 maureen ( cont 'd ) - I know I be not makin ' it any easier for you . I love you -- know that ? mecoy ( solemnly ) I love you too . he take more thing from the closet -- boot , over - coat , equipment belt ... mccoy ( continue ) just five and a half month I will be outa the service , work forty hour a week , seventeen - fifty per . she be watch , appal , as he virtually clean out he side of the closet . maureen what be you do ?... you be take everything you get . mccoy dammit , Maureen , it 's a alert . four set of everything , strictly by the book . maureen ( fear separation ) oh , lenny ... I be scared be what . he hug she . mccoy do not worry , honey . I will be right on base the whole time , right next door . call each other every night . okay ? int . baby room - mccoy - night 141 silhouett against b.g. door , light from hall , as he bend into f.g. crib , kiss skipper . the baby shift , begin to cry : : ( continued ) 49 . 141 continued : 141 a ) maureen there , there , sugar pie . just daddy come in sayin ' bye-bye . mccoy retreat awkwardly toward the hall , pick up he duffel ... 142 ext . dahlberg house - long shot - night 142 few light in window . figure look out upper window . 143 int . jim & eve' bedroom - start close - jim - night 143 in pajamas , look out the window ; turn to ... ~ 144 close - favor clothes - dummy 144 drape with a wedding dress ... pan to Eve , sit on the far side of the bed , quarter - profile , robe , hair in a thick braid , sewing on denise 's wedding veil ... 145 intercut ~ close - jim 145 watch she from across the room ... 146 he Pov - close - eve 146 as she pause , put down the needle , thoughtfully study she hand , a older woman 's hand . she turn , expect she will find Jim watch she . eve worried about denise ? Jim hesitates , embarrassed , look back out the window . jim worried about the news . might be fight in Europe over this Berlin thing . Eve know better , rise , place the veil back on the dummy , judge it approvingly . eve well . that 's a long way away . and I could sure use some worry about I , D ( continued ) 146 147 148 149 150 151 50 . continued : 146 Jim look back , vulnerable ( can she read my mind ? ) , mellow , fondly : jim I do not need to worry about you , Eve . smiling to herself , she turn back to bedcover . ext . dahlberg house - same as above - night 147 as Jim lower the shade , turn out the light . int . hendry house hallway - night . 148 cricket outside . clock ticking . now , the silence be break as Kenny 's voice writhes in a nightmare , groans , then build to a sustained scream ! Light go on under door at end of hall . Foot shadow . door fly open . ellen and Dennis come run out ... int . dark bedroom - close - kenny - night 149 back against the wall in bed , scream . Light snap on . ellen buoy into scene , still startle , now soothing , hugging Kenny ... quick close - sarah 150 across the room , sit up straight in she bed , wide - eye , terrify by she brother 's scream . back to kenny 151 as ellen and Dennis comfort he , he eye darting about the room , still full of palpable fear . ellen and dennis what be it , Kenny ?... oh it be just a bad dream ... terrible dream ... poor thing . see ? we be all right now . want some chocolate milk ?... just a bad dream . bad dream , naughty dream . quick CUT to : 152 154 155 51 . int . helicopter - flying - sharp cut - night 152 . mccoy , Cooper , conrad , boyle , Starr , pilot . while it be the middle of the night , they be all keenly alert . yet no one talk . mccoy glance about , hope to catch someone 's eye , hope to break the silence . but he see they be all stoic , deep in they own thought . mccoy feel alone . engine roaring ...! screen pop to black . fade in : int . dahlberg dairy barn - high wide pan - jim - 153 dawn already at work , shoveling grain in front of empty cow stall . f.g. portable transister play country music . radio rooster crow ... radio voice good mornin ' , mizzou ! it 's five - thirty , clear sky and sixty - one degree in St. Clair County , a little rain move this way tonight a-a-and ... this be the wwiz farm report for September the sixteenth ...! crop yield , grain price , etc . Jim look up this way toward the radio , comfort by the sameness , go to open the door ... favor barn door 154 open . thirty holstein black - and -white cow come lumber in , Danny ( baseball cap , checker jacket ) bring up the rear with two ranch dog . cut on jim and danny 155 wash out stainless steel container , milk equip - ment ... wash cow 's udder , attach soft rubber cup . hum of the milking machine ... ( back to country music on the radio . ) 156 157 158 159 160 161 52 . favor cat 156 lolling on the rafter , look down . one hop down , as ... Jim splash fresh milk in a big pan . cat con - verge , delicately lap ... quick favor - jim 157 watch Danny work . glance , linger . when Danny look ... ' jim let 's you and I get some breakfast . ext . dahlberg farm - very long shot - sunrise 158 compose almost entirely of sky , as the first sun strike the silo , barn top . we see the tiny figure of Jim and Danny re-enter the house . now , Bruce 's motorcycle cruise quietly up behind the windbreak . denise climb off , wear Bruce 's checker jacket . they embrace , clutching , feel . Dog barking . she head for the side door . Bruce discreetly putt off . ( same radio morning -music over ... ) close - slow zoom - jim 159 look back through the scrim of the screen door , watch denise head for the side door . withdraws quickly 0.s. int . live room - low angle past jim - same time 160 stand , as denise pass across b.g. hallway ( as in se. # 154 ) . quietly : jim denise , she pause , startle , instinctively hold close the flap of the checker jacket . close intercut - jim & DENISE 161 reveal Jim 's effort to control he powerful and con - fuse emotion . jim where in hell have you be ? denise slowly cock she head , view she father as a stranger , summon enough outrage to walk on by . 162 on , 53 . handheld intercut 162 as Jim start after , confront she over the banister at the bottom of the stair . ( careful not to touch . ) jim do not you just walk on by when you hear I ask you a question . still , she manage to look offended ( but scared ! ) . jim ( continue ) what be you do sneaking in _ here ...? DENISE I be not sneaking . I never sneak . jim then why could not you come straight in the back door ? DENISE ( feebly ) I do not even know it be unlock , daddy . I have be out with Bruce riding around , jim and that 's all you have be do all night ? Riding around ? DENISE ( angry ) frankly , daddy , that 's none of you business . she do not flinch . they confront each other in heavy silence . we see Jim 's emotion swing from in - sult to mortification to ... grievous regret . jim as long as you live under ... DENISE oh no , please do not say that , daddy . because I be get marry tomorrow and ... and I can not believe you ... she suddenly look up 0.8 . DENISE ( continue ) jolene ! 163 rm C 164 165 54 , quick favor - jolene 163 peek around the corner from the kitchen . denise' voice you get back in there and stop eavesdropp ! jolene . _ I be not eavesdropp . I be just wait for you to finish up so I can get by to the bathroom . jim use the one off the porch . jolene the water 's freezing out there . favor jim and DENISE 164 as denise roll she eye , wave jolene by , irritate . DENISE well , hurry it , for pete sake ... jolene walk by , pointedly look back and forth be - tween she father and she sister . denise practically turn all the way around in a stare contest , exas - perate by jolene 's intentional footdragge , finally spring around as if to chase she . DENISE ( continue ) can not you see we be talk ? jolene's voice oh , the whole world 's just hold its breath to hear what you be talk about ! bathroom door slam ! upstairs ... tighter reverse - jim & DENISE 165 awkward silence , Jim study the floor like a hound dog . jim honey . let 's just forget what I say . you be no sneak . ( continued ) 55 . 165 continued : 165 oo sa relief and affection flood she face . she fess up : DENISE what IL say about think the door be lock -- well , I do not want to come waltzing in past the whole family eat ... : eve' voice ( from above ) what 's all the commotion out here ? they both look up , then exchange a glance . jim it 's nothin ' , evie . grateful , denise suddenly place she hand over she father 's hand on the banister . he be surprised and touch . 166 quick close - denise' hand 166 young , soft , a girl 's hand , lie across she father 's powerful and weathered paw , then quickly vanish as she dart 0.s . 167 ext . oake house - establishing - early morning 167 168 int . oake kitchen - quick - oake - day 168 up early , shirt and tie , sip coffee stand , stare down at newspaper on counter , upside down to camera ( headline : " berlin blockade ... NATO ultimatum ... president ... soviet ... " ) 169 int . oake bedroom - helen - dark 169 sleep . oake lean in , kiss she . she stir without waking , embrace a pillow ... 170 int . oake volvo - drive - oake - day 170 drive slowly through heavy traffic . no sound . he look around at surround car . 171 172 173 174 175 56 . he Pov - cut on other car 171 rack and roped with box , suitcase . pickup with mattress , duffel , bike . most car contain child , several people , whole family . press in glass , remote , haunt expression . back to oake 172 fearful , muster the nerve to turn on the car radio . radio voice ... that NATO armored unit have break through the helmstedt checkpoint into East Germany , and after heavy fight ... back to he Pov on surrounding car 173 as radio voice resound , overlap : radio voice ( continue ) . advance under p81 air support two mile along the e8 bundestrasse corridor past marienborn toward Berlin ... french News Agency have receive conflict report ... int . hospital operating room - close - landowska 174 behind green surgical mask , look across patient to : radio voice ( continue ) ... of East german resistance and heavy casualty ... but ground observer have confirm that ... intercut - oake 175 work carefully upon 0.8. patient . ive , nurse assist . Radio voice continue , but begin to fade replace by sound of heart monitoring machine . oake and landowska exchange a glance ... ( continued ) 57 . 175 continued : 175 radio voice ( continue ) .. two Soviet -built mig 18 's invade West german air space fire several surface - to-ground missile at a NATO munition storage facility , and also hit a school and a hospital outside of wurzburg ... 176 int . surgical washroom - oake and landowska 176 scrubbing up . landowska light a small cigar . landowska while we save a single blue baby , they be bombing hospital in wurzburg . oake I be afraid to turn on the radio . landowska then you have not hear the latest . '' there 's a rumor that the Russians be beginning to evacuate Moscow . qake pause , study he wet hand . landowska con - tinue with almost diabolical bemusement ; landowska ( continue ) there be even people leave Kansas City ! because of the missile field nearby . now I ask you : where do one go from Kansas City . -- Independence ? -- omaha ? -- the yukon ? oake raise and clenches he wet fist , emotional : oake what 's go on , iggy ? do you understand what 's go on in this world ? it 's too stupid for word ! landowska ah yes , but stupidity have a habit of get its way . ( continued ) 176 177 178 179 Rev. 5/7/82 58 . continued : 176 oake if that be true , we would not be mend heart , we would be back in cave eat they . landowska give oake wry prophetic look , chill . oake turn away , wiping he hand and face . oake ( continue ) if that be true , why bother do anything ? with passionate intensity , landowska come around to face oake . landowska because we be human ! because we be aware . because we will fight against the horror even if it be a lose battle ! because we be physician . we do what have to be do . we save the baby . int . ( kc ) hospital corridor - tracking oake - day 177 '' tweed jacket , briefcase , head down the corridor , hear three paging bell repeat , look up overhead ... he Pov - wall page BOX 178 where computerize code number " 137 " blink ... int . nurse ' station - same - pan 179 from three nurse , as one look up , rise , to hand oake a slip of paper . nurse # 1 Dr. oake . you wife would like you to call she at home . oake thank you . ke 180 °181 182 183 184 185 59 . favor wall coin phone ( timecut ) - oake 180 deposit a dime , punch up the number . camera very slowly tightens a little as we hear the phone ring three - four-five time . oake begin to look worried . he let the phone ring two more time before slowly hang up . check the slip of paper to make sure he be call the right number . perplex , ext , ( kc ) high school football stadium - sky - day 181 and sound of distant marching band , coach barking , pad crunching , a ball punted , .. the fall float into scene and tilt down as it be catch and briefly run back by the Red team . fierce sloppy tackle ... full - pan field 182 and empty stadium seat , as oake ' car drive across grass , park by some other . oake get out , walk up toward camera , look for he son , Alan , sideline & team benches 183 as oake walk into scene beside a few other man , father and local hang around practice . scan the bench and field , now spot he son Alan . he Pov - tight - alan oake 184 on the White team , number 17 , as they break from the huddle with a single loud clap ! spry with pre-season energy . Alan be lean , strong , quick , take he posi - tion at tight end , all concentration . quarterback bawl the call , take the snap ! Alan battle a de - fender into the secondary , feign ... but it 's only a run play straight into the line . close - favor - oake 185 watch keenly , though not try to attract Alan 's attention . holland , another father , 45 , trucker 's cap , jeans jacket , stand beside oake , study the field , holland coach seem to know what he 's do this year . I mean he 's teach this kid de -fense . ( continued ) ‘) 185 186 187 188 60 . continued : 185 oake they sure look good , holland I would not be surprised if they go 9 - 2 or even 10 - 1 ... intercut alan 186 as they run another play , Alan scramble a outside - in pattern , leap with the defender .. , but the ball be off - target . Alan scan the sideline . holland ++. not that they be go to exactly walk over Bishop hogan just like that or anything . you get a boy in there ? back to oake and holland 187 as oake think Alan see he , start to wave , do not . oake yes , I do . number 17 . Alan oake . holland ohhh I be watch he . good hand , good hand , good move to the outside , not afraid to take a hit . oake look pleased , proud , but can not exactly say thanks . oake do you have a son play ? back to oake ' Pov - alan in close 188 Blue eye laugh as he joke with player return to the huddle . holland voice Doug Holland . sixty-eight . he 's only a sophomore , but he 's a bear guard , you know ? stocky , lot of heart . I try not to miss a practice when I be not on the road but I do not like to embarrass he hang around the bench , you know ? by the way , I be Doug senior . ae 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 Rev. 5/7/82 " 61 . oake and holland 189 oake just look away from he watch , shake hand heartily . oake Russ oake . Nice talk to you , Doug . holland yeah , same here ... oakesgive a little high sign , start walk back to he car . hold on Holland , f.g , , watch the field in - tently , as qb scream the call . from the end of the end zone , oake turn back briefly , see ... close - long lens - alan - 190 burst into the open toward camera , down the sideline , two stride on he defender , pull away , eye over he shoulder . intercut closer - oake 191 watch with some desperate sadness , indelibly remem - bering ... back to alan - long lens 192 leaping , pluck the ball out of the air , run like a stallion toward camera ...! . ext . farmland - motorcycle riding - bruce - day 193 helmete , speed through farmland , .. intercut he Pov - passing farmland 194 timecut - motorcycle Pov entering college town - day 195 decelerate to normal speed . a few student see hitchhike the other way . pass sign : " University of Missouri / hampton campus . " cut on tall tree , storefront sign : ' welcome freshmen ! " ob oo 62. 196 Le hampton town GREEN - high OPEN establishing - 196 ay _ the center ( or quadrangle ) of this attractive midwestern college town . we see and hear Bruce pass screen botiom on he Honda . cluster of student , some with suit - case , duffel , backpack ... White band gazebo ... barbershop . 197 montage - landmark ( of lawrence , kansas ) 197 198 ext . university hospital - day 198 pan student , patient enter , depart . identify - ing sign : " University Hospital . " four-story modern brick or terra-cotta medical complex , teach facility . fallout shelter sign . - 199 int , hospital - MAIN corridor 199 panning doctor , nurse , student , hurried activity . no window daylight . 200 favor nancy bauer , r.n. 200 40 , chief floor nurse , intelligent generous face , momen - tarily harry at a ward nursing station , b.g. staff argue . she spot hachiya pass . bauer Sam -- where 's Dr. oake ? hachiya check he watch . hachiya probably stick in traffic on the I - 70 . do not you hear ? -- everyone 's go fishing . bauer we have get no chief . hachiya where 's miranda ? bauer ke. and Julian want staff inform of emergency procedure if a general metro evacuation be ... ( continued ) oo 200 201 202 63 . continued : . 200 hachtya ( hold up hand ) why be you tell I all this ? bauer he need a medical person who ... hachiya no he do not . he can do that himself . I be just a resident with a hundred and twenty freshmen body to examine , most of then , unfortunately , male . he exit . . bauer - ( to herself ) Nice try . int . hospital clinic - pan waiting room - day 201 where a dozen male student stand about in jockey short , hold medical folder . voice ... just like in the army ... where do you think you be go to be next week ?... somewhere in the upper atmosphere ... favor david klein 202 lean , dark -haire , studious - look 19 year old , seat before a desk in he underpant , as a intern take he blood pressure . Sam hachiya write a brief history . david David klein . k-l-e-i-n. hachiya Age ? david nineteen . hachiya ( look up ) sophomore ? ( continued ) ey 202 203 Rev. 5/7/82 continued : david that 's right . hachiya residence ? david joplin , Missouri ... hachiya I mean on campus . david oh , davidson four . hachiya what 's you major , David ? david pre-m . hachiya look up '' sourly , " abandon he professional politeness . hachiya be you kid I ? you think doctor make a lot of money or something ? want I to tell you about the lousy hour , the cranky patient , the lose weekend , the boring conference , the interesting medical history we have to take ? David look momentarily startle , then realize it be a big put -on , hachiya grin . David start laugh ... int . emergency entrance - dolly back - day with alison ransom , 25 , hugely pregnant , as two aide help she into a wheelchair . a small woman , round figure , red hair , freckle , merry face , big hoarse ° voice , grip the chair arm in pain , then relax . Nancy bauer take over , push she down the corridor -- a real flako on she hand , rapid , looney dialogue . get to know ( and like ) each other . alison Big deal . they come three minute apart then stop altogether . bauer I know . where 's you husband ? ( continued ) 64 . 202 203 65 . 203 continued : 203 om alison : shoot basket at the y . he know better . this be my second false alarm . Big attention - getter , he say . where 's yours ? for bauer my what ? alison you husband . bauer ( laugh ) who say I ...? yeah . well , he 's try to catch a plane out of New York right about now . so what 's he get to do with anything . I be not the one have the baby . alison what 's it like ? bauer what ? '' alison have a baby ? what 's it feel like ? bauer never have one . alison but you say , ' I know . 's 204 tracking alison and bauer into elevator 204 where door close , they ride up . bauer I know what ? alison back at emergency . I say the pain be come three minute apart and you say , ' I know . ' bauer I know about the pain because I be a nurse who 's see a lot like you . ( continued ) Rev. 5/7/82 66 . 204 continued : 204 alison ( mischievous ) * hey , want to know what it feel like ? it feel like I be gonna have a pumpkin . 205 int . college registration hall - day - late afternoon 205 * start on Bruce , in line before " geology " desk . this could be a gym , library or cafeteria . no more than sixty student in the whole room , before some ten departmental desk , most of they currently vacant . many student hold transistor radio to they head , a raucous muffle of radio sound and voice echoing around the cavernous room . Bruce look about , con - fuse , speak to joan and paul , two other student in line . bruce where be everybody ? today 's registration , be not it ? paul they be all out right now @ watch the news on tv . joan saw ticker and Judy Francis take off , thumb out , backpack and all . bruce so what be you do here ? paul holding my place in line . if I do not get into bowman 's metallurgy this semester , I do not graduate in January . 206 closer - bruce 206 look about , disturb by the unearthly noise in the room . speak 0.8. to : bruce hey , what 's go on ? ry 207 208 209 210 Rev. 5/7/82 67 . close - student # 1 207 hold a transistor to he ear , hold up a hand for quiet , concentrate hard , quickly utter : student # 1 the Russians ... just invade West Germany . int . college dormitory lounge - close pan - face - 208 day ( late afternoon ) of twenty student , male and female , transfix by 0.s. television set . some hold book , some ping - pong pad - dle , Coke can , book bag , basketball . we see jo huxley , 35 , assistant professor of physics , short salt - and pepper beard , rumning shoe ... David klein , cynthia , another student , bushy-haire ... tv voice ... three - pronge attack , spearhead by rapid Soviet tank and artillery advance into the fulda gap ... have already capture NATO advance position along the West german border , the loom question be : how far will Warsaw pact force go toward challenging the NATO advance on Berlin ? will the Russians drive straight for the rhine -- and defy NATO 's declare policy of defense by all mean , include the use of tactical nuclear weapon ? omitted 209 favor tv screen - timecut - tightening on tv 210 commentator past the point of good definition to a mouth define by magenta , chartreuse , aquamarine scan line ... tv voice . the Defense Department today report that ninety percent of the Soviet Union 's fleet of nuclear submarine have put to sea at petropavlovsk on the Pacific ... Rev. 5/7/82 '' 68 . 211 time CUT - handheld among student 211 oy milling about in the same room . ping - pong tattoo b.g - ~ oe student # 2 fantasyland . aldo you think they be make it all up , like War of the world or something ?? student # 2 look . do we save the czech or the hungarian or the afghan or the pole ? well , we be not go to nuke the Russians to save the Germans . I mean if you be talk oil in Saudi Arabia , then I would be real worried . . 212 favor david and cynthia . 212 cynthia what do you think ? david I think I be go to hitch home , see my folk , see how thing be Monday . cynthia where do you live ? david joplin . how about you ? ( continued : Rev. 5/7/82 69 . 212 continued : 212 , ie - cynthia minneapolis . 213 int . hampton barbershop - start bruce - late day 213 * sheeted , look at himself in the mirror , as older barber # 1 start cut he dark curly hair . as the scene progress , Bruce grow increasingly preoccupy with the discussion at the adjoin chair ... barber # 2's voice who know ? the President 's speak on television at six , so maybe he will tell we something new ... bruce make it pretty , Ollie , and not too short . it 's my last trim as a free man ... I be get marry tomorrow . huxley's voice they '11 tell we what they want we to hear ... keep the panic at the low - sweat stage ... mack voice I really do not think either side want to be the first to use a nuclear device ... barber # 1 s'at right ? well , congratulation , pal ! who 's the lucky lady ? camera slowly pan OPEN to reveal jo huxley ( # 187 , above ) , satyr beard , leather vest , lean against the mirror , thumbing through a sport magazine , while talk - ing to he friend mack , another young prof , 35 , tweed coat with patch , thinning hair , dude boot . bruce her name 's denise , from bannock Hill . prettiest thing you ever see ... we be take a apartment over on twain Court till I finish up in June . barber # 1 well , then this one 's on I -- my wedding present . bruce hey , thanks , Ollie -- thanks a lot ... huxley it 's not a question of who , but where it 's use , over whose real estate ... say we explode a neutron bomb over they troops on we side of the line , it better not drift over to they side ... mack he 's crazy ...! how do they expect it 's go to stop at just one bomb ...? ( continued ) Rev. 5/7/82 70 . 213 continued : , 213 C barber # 2 you want to know what crazy be ? crazy be not stay out of other people 's business ! we should not be over there in the first place ! barber # 1 nudge barber # 2 to shut up and cut hair . Bruce be look more and more upset ... huxley maybe they will contain it , after all ... ( joke ) after all , I have still get ticket for symphony tonight . - mack still broodin : thing ehSe *5 anne e be lnere I be the damme launch - on - warning . @ what 's that ? mack and huxley both look over at Bruce , suddenly feel make the subject public make it more real . +t bruce mack that 's when one side tell the other that it will launch its missile when it know the other guy 's missile be already on they way . it 's a deterrent device design to discourage a pre-emptive attack . huxley you know : use be or lose and . Bruce nod , look uncomforted , persist : ( continued ) * of i 213 214 215 216 217 218 Rev. 5/7/82 continued : ( 2 ) bruce what do you really think the chance be of something happen way the hell out here in the middle of nowhere ? huxley nowhere ? there 's no ' nowhere 's anymore . you be sit next to whiteman Air Force base right now . that 's a hundred and fifty minuteman missile silo spread halfway down the state of Missouri . that 's a awful lot of bull 's - eye . quick close - bruce ext . hampton - MAIN STREET - david klein - late day walk backwards along the curb , windbreaker , back - pack , duffel , hold out a shirtboard : " joplin . " local traffic move faster than usual . bike , motor - cycle , horn honking , general sense of urgency . David look up at the SOUND of a jet plane . now , a pickup truck full of barrel pull over . he climb in ... int . pickup truck - david - same see through windshield , nod thanks to driver , no - tice two shotgun rack across the rear window . ext . highway ( near hendry farm ) - long on dennis - late day drive he thresher ( combine ? ) up behind the barn , climb off , hold a hose over he hot head , look - ing up into the sky . int . hendry kitchen - favor ellen - same wear a loose scoop - neck housedress , put serv - ing dish biscuit . on the table : gravied chicken , carrot , ( continued ) 71 , 213 214 215 * 216 217 218 218 lem , 219 220 om Rev. 5/7/82 72. continued : : 218 | down the hall we see Sarah and Kenny lolling on the live room floor watch cartoon on television . Dennis come in the back door , mop he wet head with a towel . the instant the door slam : ellen Sarah ? Kenny ? wash up for supper ! pour you milk ...! dennis wish that cloud would hurry up and get here . could use one more good rain before the cuttin’ . sarah' voice ... Minute ... - he Pov - ellen 219 bent over the table , breast hang full against the loose cotton , a strand of hair fall across she tan shoulder , in a shaft of late - day sunshine . ellen let it rain tonight . that sun feel real - good to I . intercut - close - dennis 220 watch she , feel like a early roll in the hay . ellen do you kid hear I ...? Dennis step close , squeeze she upper arm , touch she lip for quiet , look right down she dress . dennis tell ‘em to wait a few minute ... ellen Brian , the biscuit will ... dennis ( seductive ) tell ‘em mommy and daddy get some wash up to do -- um ? upstair ? she kind of like the idea , put plate over the food . on on 221 222 223 224 225 226 73. int . live room - close - favor sarah & kenny - 221 same - watch 0.s. television , as ellen and Dennis be see head up b.g. stair , he arm behind she , fondle she flank . ellen . down in a few minute ... Sarah nod without turn she head . but the moment she parent be not look this way , she turn , lie down on the rug , to watch they go all the way up the stair . insert - upper hallway - bedroom door - same 222 close . Band of daylight under the door . back to live room - another angle - sarah 223 still look up the stair , turn mischievously to she little brother , whisper : : sarah hey . Kenny . she motion toward the stair . Kenny slowly rise , eye still glue to the tv cartoon , follow Sarah 0.s. int . stair / upper hallway - sarah and kenny - same 224 advance toward the crack of light under they parent ' door . SOUND of a boot hitting the floor , belt buckle , now the creak of a BOX spring . Sarah stretch she mouth to keep from giggle ... int , hendry' bedroom - close on ellen - day 225 wrap she arm over she head , push the pillow away , as Dennis 's damp head slide down across she . back to sarah 226 press she ear to the floor , try to see under the door . ( continued ) se 226 227 228 229 230 74 , continued : 226 but Kenny be bored with the whole thing , start to rise . Sarah hold a finger swiftly to she lip , sternly advise he to keep quiet . Kenny make a big mock deal of tiptoeing back to the stair ... favor kenny ( angle from tv Pov ) 227 re-enter live room , irritate to see ... intercut tv - reporter 228. unprofessionally distraught , read a bulletin : tv reporter . that three nuclear weapon in the low kiloton range be airburst this morning over advance Soviet troops in the fulda Valley ... Kenny 's hand enter scene , flip the channel switch . we see various tv News people flash by on all chan - nel . Kenny stop at another channel read '' special bulletin , " to hear : tv voice ... nuclear bomb of undertermine strength have explode at regional NATO military headquarters outside of Frankfurt ... back to kenny 229 now thoroughly disgust , flip the switch again , find only more of the same , wander 0.s. long through house - kenny 230 head away from camera toward kitchen , help he - self to some food from the table on the way ... tv voice .. State Department say that the president be presently in direct communication with Soviet Premier tikhonov -- ( more ) ( continued ) rve. 5/7/82 75 . 230 continued : 230 tv voice ( cont 'd ) -- and that both side be work together to bring about the earliest possible ceasefire . oy Kenny head out into the yard , screendoor slamm . 231 ext . i-70 southeast freeway - long toward K.C. - 231 early evening and the city skyline , light come on against sunset sky . car radio voice . close to announce a - ceasefire along the german border . there be still no eyewitness account of the immediate destruction of Wiesbaden and the outskirt of Frankfurt , although the mushroom cloud could be see from as far away as bonn and cologne . @ a high - pitched tone abruptly cuis off program . 232 int . oake car ~- three cut " jump " - closer to oake - 232 same drive away from Kansas City , startle , stare at the radio , reach to ... but he hand recoil as a pleasant but firm female voice , whurriedly tell we : woman' voice this be the emergency broadcast system . all person in transit in the Kansas City metropolitan area be advise to proceed immediately to the mmicipal shelter facility in the community or township close to you current location . while there be no immediate danger to the Kansas City area ... oake accelerate , turn sharply down ... 233 ext . freeway exit ramp - oake car ~- same 233 squeal around the ramp curve . - ( continued ) * 7 en ! 233 234 235 236 237 Rev. 5/7/82 6. continued : 233 woman' voice ... the Federal emergency management Agency urge that you learn the step to be take in the event of a probable attack . ext . gas station - oake car ( hand held ) - same pull up to camera . light on in station . follow as oake get out , run up to ... pan ahead to a crowd of ten or fifteen person already jockey for position before two public pay phone . voice hurry it up , for godsake -- I get family too ... I can not even get a connection on this thing ...! CUT in line ( hand held ) 235 as the man in front of oake turn around , face pale , smile disjoint , go into a panic . man my kid just leave on a camp trip . I do not know how I be go to ... what I be go to ... huh ... oake grab the man 's shoulder , to give he some support , but do not know what to say or do , he own fear the same . the man wrench away , eye wild , stagger to the front of the line , where other push he away . quick close ~ oake : 236 alarmed , turn , run back to he car ...! int . hampton supermarket - cut on shopper - day 237 thronging the aisle , clean the shelf of can goods ... gallon water bottle ... flashlight and battery . - Rev. 5/7/82 77 . 238 intercut bruce 238 watch the hoarder , they overload cart , appal . 239 favor checkout counter - pan 239 long line , overlade cart , people carping at each other for cut in line , not move fast enough ... to Bruce , near the end of the line , hold orange juice carton , cheese , bag of roll , turn nervously - to man with a transistor radio . bruce any more news ? man with radio - they just hit one of ovr. ship in the Persian Gulf . bruce who 's they ? man with radio the Russians , who do you think . but we hit they back , one of '' they ship , you know . dizzy with the horror of war game in the super - . market , Bruce forget he purchase , hurry out . 240 ext . supermarket - high on parking lot - early 240 evening where car and pickup pull in and out , honking . Street light come - on . 241 cut among shopper 241 push cart top-heavy with bag . hold on Bruce watch , as a bag full of can topple onto as - phalt , can roll under wheel . 242 back to bruce 242 climb on he motorcycle , revs off ! 243 ext . outskirt road - close on bruce - day 243 without helmet , pass hitchhike student -- teen - age refugee -- as he accelerate out of town at full speed ! ) 244 246 78. int . launch CENTER underground capsule - starr & 244 boyle in large track bucket chair before console . Starr on b.g. phone . overhead squawk BOX warble , utter : squawk BOX klaxon klaxon klaxon , message follow ... ° starr ( bark at boyle ) clear for message transmit , clear tango five ... boyle jack the console , lift he phone urgently . boyle Roger ... int , missile silo ( tango . five ) - tilt down missile - 245 day to mccoy and conrad in hard hat , riding a scaffold cab along the side of the missile , adjust rivet - valve . phone ring , reverberate . favor cooper 246 below they , pull on headphone , mouth mike . cooper tango five , this be coop . boyle's voice tango five . this be tango capsule command . have you complete site maintenance ? cooper no , sir , we have just ... boyle 's voice I be order you to clear tango five immediately ! cooper yes , sir ! Cooper pull off phone , turn and shout . om ye 247 248 249 250 251 252 Rev. 5/7/82 79 . favor mccoy : 247 react sharply as Cooper 's voice bellow up from below : cooper' voice Close it up ! we have get to get the hell outta here !! quick ( time CUT ) silo tunnel - mccoy , conrad , cooper 248 scamper from silo to ladder lead up hatch shaft ... ext . bannock hill - church - evening twilight - low 249 on pickup truck back up to camera . Danny dahlberg lower the tail - gate , shovel dirt from a pile on the truck bed down toward camera favor rev . WALKER 250 in work clothes , watch the dirt strike the basement window . he climb up onto the truck , shovel along - side Danny ... favor jim 251 dump a sandbag onto a pile of twenty . rev .: WALKER you get on home now , Jim . you must have plenty to do ... danny what good do dirt do ...? jim ( sharply ) back in the cab , Danny . int . dahlberg truck - jim and danny = day 252 drive fast , bounce in the cab , stare straight ahead . jim soon 's we get home , line up a dozen milk jug by the cellar door . take a hose and fill ‘em with water . ( continued ) f. 253 254 255 256 Rev. 5/7/82 80 . ext . kansas CITY - CITY STREET - marilyn oake - day 253 hurry along among pedestrian , near swope Park , _five mile from city center . some car and taxi '' @rive by very fast . Marilyn stop , look about , confuse . leon jame , black , and daughter diana ( 8 ) pass . marilyn do you know where we be suppose to go ? leon someone say there 's a shelter around the corner . ext . build - start fallout shelter sign 254 and tilt to Marilyn , Leon , diana and other , enter a building ( the nature of which to be determine by location neighborhood . ) int . build - crowd of people - day 255 enter . slightly irritate person direct they . voice this be a shelter ? man in hardhat the basement and the sub-basement boiler room . just down that stair ... hand held with marilyn , leon and diana 256 look around at the crowd nervously move in several direction . diana do we have to go down there ? leon well , I guess we could stay right up here for a while , sugar . marilyn ( to diana ) do you draw ? diana look at she father . he grin . ( continued ) 256 om ; 257 258 259 260 Rev. 5/7/82 81 . continued : : 256 marilyn ( continue ) you know -- pencil , paper , crayon . that sort of thing . I will draw you if you draw I . Marilyn sit down , open she portfoloio , take out two draw tablet , color pencil . diana be en- tice , move in beside she . Leon be pleased . quick favor marilyn' tablet ( time CUT ) 257 a few deat stroke sketch diana 's head , wary eye . quick favor diana' tablet ( time CUT ) 258 as she execute a bold smile lady . ext . farm country - livestock truck - day 259 approach f.g. county road junction , start to turn , stop at the corner . ( no animal in truck . ) closer start david 260 exite cab ... driver sorry I can not take you farther . david that 's okay . thanks a lot . ( continued ) 82. 260 continued : . 260 on he driver good luck . david yeah . you too . ... camera pivot OPEN and dolly back wide as truck lumber away down country road . Driver see wave . David wave back , walk toward camera , look once at the empty road behind he , surround flat landscape , a distant silo , windmill on a windless plain ... 261 intercut oil well rig 261 slowly pump , with a low pneumatic grunt , suck unseen element from the earth ... 262 david be Pov ( passing beneath ) - crow on a powerline 262 263 quick close tracking david 263 '' suddenly feel ominously alone , quicken he pace ... 264 int . dahlberg kitchen - eve - day 264 prepare a mammoth turkey , dress a rack of pork rib , the ten-apple pie all baked , cool , foil - cover casserole . Jim enter , lug food sack to inner cellar door . jim where be the girl , Eve ? eve jolene 's make bed . denise be take a shower ... jim get they downstairs , please . eve Jim , do not you see all I have get to do ...? 265 camera slowly tightens two 265 jim do not you know there 's pretty much a national emergency go on ...? ( continued ) 83 . 265 continued : 265 my eve well it 's just go to have to go on without I because you 's daughter 's get marry tomorrow and I have get sixty - seven mouth to ... Jim hold up he hand for peace , control himself . everybody 's go to have to control themselves . jim I hope so ... I hope so . but first _ we have get to get a few thing down - into the cellar . jolene drift in quietly , wide - eye , pale . eve ( mumble ) you would think there 's a tornado come ... jolene daddy , a man on the radio say there might be a war . he 's '' say how we should unplug all we radio and tv and stuff . ( scared ) there 's not go to be a war , be there ? 266 close - jim 266 embrace jolene , be about to speak , when denise burst in , robe , hair in a towel , hysterical . DENISE mama , I do not know where Bruce be and there 's not even a dial tone on the phone ...! 267 ext . dahlberg yard - quick - danny - day 267 fill milk jug with water , glance suspiciously at the sky . 268 ext . launch CENTER - usaf maintenance truck - day 268 enter compound . af security guard close gate . mccoy , conrad , Cooper hop out of truck , enter '' ranch house . " " 84 . 269 int . launch capsule ( underground ) - start boyle 269 ao '' wait in silence , peruse logbook , glance toward ... 270 close starr 270 now visibly tense , sense boyle 's glance , look , begin a little nervous smile , look quickly away so as not to reveal he apprehension . he would like to make a joke , ask a personal question . he feel he mouth be dry ... 271 closer boyle 271 eye rivete to logbook , take one measure ( audible ) breath , before ... 272 insert - " squawk BOX " speaker 272 warbling !! then a voice : squawk BOX voice standby ! message follow : Alpha ... B 273 high wide starr & boyle 273 swing into ( the relief of ) action , below , write down code , reach for they phone ... squawk BOX voice ... Whisky . Victor . one. one. eight. echo. acknowledge . starr ( into phone ) tango get it . boyle ( on he phone ) we have receive a valid execution message . foxtrot one , this be not a exercise . repeat : this be not a exercise . 274 quick intercutting boyle & starr - closer 274 as they exchange a fleeting glance ( Jesus God in Heaven , shit ! this be it !) ... a voice foxtrot one acknowledge ... Hotel one acknowledge ... standby . ( continued ) they , 274 275 276 277 278 279 Rev. 5/7/82 85 . continued : starr - step one : key insert . boyle and Starr open a red safe with key around they neck , remove two small envelope from which they each extract a code and another key . Starr return to nis console . each remove a protective plastic cover from 274 a set of console switch , set a numerical code on dial ( blmza6 ) . starr ( continue ) lock code insert . boyle lock code insert . boyle lift phone , check watch , hand on toggle switch . boyle ( continue ) this be tango . standby , staggered launch , one through four . quick very close - starr starr one through four . quick extreme close - boyle eyelid flinching , the eye clear . boyle and count . ten , nine , eight ... ext . hendry farm - quick close - dennis - day drive combine , dark goggle . int . hendry bedroom - very long - dennis - same see through bedroom window , distant field . favor ellen naked before dresser mirror ( bareback to camera ) , pin - ning up she long hair , then turn a little to admire she body . sudden jetlike roar ! house trembles ! dresser - top china bird shudder , clink . 275 276 277 278 279 280 281 282 283 284 285 286 287 86 . quick close - ellen 280 stare at ... intercut her Pov - brilliant flame 281 see in corner of mirror , slowly rise ...! she turn quickly to the window . ext . minuteman icbm ( stock ) 282 lift from its silo , rush into the air , its engine spew a tight bright flame , speed away on a narrow column of chalk - white smoke . quick intercutting dennis 283 pause on he combine , lift he face , watch the 0.s. roar ... 1 ! flame reflect on he goggle . quick favor white horse 284 rear in the pasture , whinnying at the unearthly roar , then gallop wildly nowhere ...! favor sarah and kenny 285 in the farmyard . Sarah look skyward , mouth open , frighten . Kenny jump up and down with glee -- a fourth of July delight . ellen burst from the back sereen door , hold one of she husband 's chambray shirt around she . ellen you kid get in here right ...! another 0.5 . jetlike roar ! camera dolly right up to Sarah and Kenny as ellen come up behind they , put she arm over they , watch . another ( more distant ) minuteman icbm ( stock ) 286 rise on its colum of white smoke . ext . country road - crane down to bruce - day 287 ride he motorcycle right up to camera close -- miss - ile roar just " behind camera -- look up , follow its trajectory , appal . eo 288 289 290 291 292 293 Rev. 5 / 7/82 87 . favor trailer truck 288 stop just across the road from Bruce , the driver also look out the window , craning , incredulous . intercut another icbm minuteman ( 4 mile away ) 289 lift off . bruce & trucker . 290 shift they attention to the newest firework , then look at each other across the road , too stunne to say anything . ° ext . hampton - four smoke column - day ( animation ) 291 suspend in the sky ~- see above the town green -~ the icbm engine thunder , boom , reverberate across the landscape . favor SAM hachiya & nancy bauer 292 stand in the hospital parking lot , among other staff , look up into the sky . favor jo huxley 293 stand outside the Science Building among a loose cluster of student , include cynthia , aldo and holly ( see below ) , listen to the thunder die away . huxley stare intensely , transfix with fear and silent spec - ulation . Cynthia approach . cynthia what 's go on ? he would rather not talk about it . quietly : huxley that be minuteman missile . cynthia like a test , sort of . a warning . he shake he head . ( continued ) 293 294 295 296 Rev. 5/7/82 88. continued : 293 huxley they're on they way to Russia . they take about thirty minute to reach they target . now , huxley look around , realize he be be watch by twenty silent face , wait for more . aldo so do theirs , right ? huxley turn and hurry back toward the building , notice the other follow , be careful not to run . ext . farmland - several long cut ( rapid ! ) - day 294 on the fertile land . silence . no one in sight . ext . launch CENTER - high ( aerial orbiting ) - day 295 the compound , single truck below . no one . silence . int . launch CENTER - mccoy , cooper , conrad - same 296 stand outside the guard room . two guard within . all in the same rigid listen stance . conrad be you in communication with the capsule down there ? guard # 1 shut down during a launch . even the radio go out . last thing I hear be two of we missile warning radar station get knock out . mccoy where ? guard # 1 beale Air Force base , California and somewhere in England , Cooper start a crazy little breathless laugh . cooper you believe it ? they really go and do it . they shack ‘em ! Rev. 5/7/82 89 . 297 closer cut 297 as Cooper shudder , come unglue , trigger they mutual anxiety . conrad study he watch . mccoy listen with maniacal attention . conrad you know what that mean , do not you ( beat ) that mean either we fire first and they be gonna try to hit what 's leave , or they fire first and we just go we missile out of the ground in time . either way , the odd be we be go to get hit . conrad check he watch . mccoy so what be we stand around here for ? guard # 2 mccoy ? where you want to go ? mccoy how about outa here for starter ? guard # 1 we be still on alert , lenny . no one leave this facility . mccoy watch Guard # 1 touch he sidearm . rapid-fire dialogue : mccoy be you kid I ?! the war 's over , man . we do we job . so what be you still guard -- a eotton-pickin’ hole in the ground ? all dress up with nowhere to go ...? cooper what about Starr and boyle ? guard # 2 what about them ...? cooper B what be they do ? ( continued ) 297 298 Rev. 5/7/82 continued : mccoy yeahhh , they be sixty foot down sippin ' cold beer and whistlin ' ' misty . ' cooper well , I be go down there ... guard # 2 you can not go down there . the elevator 's secure . mccoy you hear yourself talkin ' , bozo I hear you say we be under order to be sit duck ! cooper there 's a ladder down the side the shaft . guard # 1 so what ? they be still behind eight - ton steel door , food and water for two week . they be n go to let you in . - . cooper there 's still that little room outside the elevator ... . conrad artie , you know as well as I th a direct hit will take out the wh shaft and boyle and Starr , too . cooper well I would rather take my chance down there ' stead ! they all check each other 's expression . 90 . 297 's ? of a to at ole no detectable objection . conrad raise a inquire brow toward Guard # 2 , who concur with a small nod . toward the guard room . ext . bannock hill - lutheran church - day bell ringing as town siren issue a serie blast ! they ail turn 298 's of short 299 300 301 302 303 304 '' ol . ext . dahlberg farm - hand held cut - jim , danny - day 299 on horseback , round up the holstein , ranch dog chase . cow low and moan , disturb . bell and siren can be hear from town ... int . launch CENTER - guard room - shaft - conrad 300 climb down past camera . now , Guard # 2 ... back to sharp cut above - mccoy : 301 hesitates , the last one to go . Guard # 2 look up from the " manhole . " guard # 2 come on , lenny . this be you idea . mccoy unh-unh . not no hole in the ground be my idea . mccoy make a move back toward the door . Guard # 2 be - flexively go for he carbine . mccoy 's eye burn . mccoy ( continue ) sure , sure , make up you mind , pal . you gonna crawl down the hole or shoot I in the back ? what 's the book say , bozo ? Guard # 2 be tear , a unforeseen dilemma . mccoy be go quick as a wink , rumning for the door ...! ext . launch CENTER - mccoy - day 302 run like hell for the maintenance truck , leap in ... int . usaf truck - mccoy - same 303 start the engine , breathe hard ( fear , not exertion ) , pull a hard circle in the dirt , head straight for ... he Pov ahead - barreling toward gate 304 wire fence , smashes through ...! Rev. 5/7/82 92 . 305 low long pan - truck 305 '' rip gate open , roar past camera , cloud of dust ... 6 ) 306 int . usaf truck - very close - mccoy - same 306 hit 80 , 90 , hunch in panic over the wheel , glanc - ing in rearview mirror , grunt with a unique fear -- break rule compound by imminent death . 307 ext . bannock hill - low wide angle - MAIN STREET - day 307 * bell and siren reverberate through still scene . park car , not a person in sight . 308 ext . lower MAIN STREET - same - david 308 run toward camera . bell and siren indicate that he must be a half a mile from town ( above ) . pant , sweat ... 309 int . barn - favor jolene 309 be watch the piglet nurse . Jim loom up behind she . jim jolene , what you do ? . jolene I be help midge feed ... jim ( firmly ) get in the house . help momma get that can into the cellar . as she rush 0.s. , afraid , Jim walk right up to camera , look down at the pig , distraught . 310 ext . farmyard - " walking " Pov toward two hire hand - 310 changiug they shirt near a chevy . jim fellas , you be welcome to come inside with we . ( continued ) 310 cs ko 311 312 313 314 93 . continued : 310 hand # 1 thanks , Mr. dahlberg , but we better be get on home . Jim nod , control emotion , not want to make the moment anymore horribly significant than it be . jim suit yourself . int . dahlberg cellar - start cellar window - day 311 as shovele dirt hit the outside glass , mound rise , daylight vanish . pan Danny , lug the last milk jug down the cellar step , set it against the cinder - block wall . pan continue across shelf , where jolene be stack can ... toilet paper , coleman lantern , portable radio ... cellar door hear slamming . time CUT favor jim 312 check the breach of a shotgun , work the action , shove it behind a shelf , look out , call : jim Eve ...? en house - DENISE - moving upstair ( hand 313 ld descend toward camera , clutching she wedding dress and a stuff animal ( kangaroo ) , ophelia-like . bell and siren still hear b.g .... intercut jim 314 have not the heart to tell she to leave they behind . jim where 's you momma , honey ? DENISE upstair . now , he gently take the kangaroo and dress from she , quietly , firmly direct she downstairs . ( continued ) 314 315 316 317 318 94 . continued : 314 jim now I want you to take that tarp and canvas down to the cellar and stay there with jolene -- d' you ear ? DENISE yes , daddy . int . dahlberg bedroom - favor eve - same 315 change sheet on the bed , carefully tucking in the edge , deat hospital corner . Jim enter . beat . jim evie , do not bother with the bed just now . she act as if she have not hear , consume in a quiet hysteria of denial , flap open a sheet for the other bed . camera follows as Jim approach . jim ( continue ) you hear that siren ? that 's a attack warning system . evie , we have get to get down below . ( beat ) listen to I . that missile have all go off ... he reach for she arm . she violently flail out at he ! quick close - jim 316 astound , watch she continue to make bed . quickly ... close - favor eve ( hand held ) 317 as Jim waste no persuade time , bearhug Eve from behind lift she off the floor . she begin a low bone - chill wail , which rise slowly to a sustained scream . she beat he arm with she fist ...! staircase - jim 318 carry Eve kick and scream downstairs ... 319 320 321 322 323 324 324a 325b Rev. 5/7/82 95 . * ext . i-70 southeast freeway - eastbound traffic - 319 dusk : clogging the outbound lane , camper , rv honking . -.j reckless driver sprint down the breakdown lane ... pan to westbound lane , little traffic . hold on oake car ... int . oake car drive - oake - same 320 rigid at the wheel , drive fast ( home ! ) , glance at traffic move the other way , then ahead at ... he Pov - kansas CITY skyline ~ dusk 321 closer than in sc. # 231 , but still ten mile away . a sudden silent blinding light flash , then dim , then brightens white as a hundre sun , burning the screen white ! back to oake 322 avert he face , wince , white in the searing brightness , throw up he arm , look away , brake the car ...! Pov ahead - screen contract black around the fireball 323 still glowing brightly , now slowly contracting , a dwarf sun on the sky -- a nuclear airburst -- the image surrealistic in its change light ... quick low angle cut - oake 324 duck down into the car , the fierce light have stencilled a burn on the side of he face ... quick on surface of car 324a as the metal swiftly smoke , paint start bubbling ... quick favor trucker 325b in cab of he nearby truck as a thundrous SHOCK wave wallop scene , blow window glass into he face ...! — of a 324c 325 326 326a 327 _. Rev. 5/7/82 back to oake crouching under the dashboard as he feel the car punched by the shockwave , tremble , metal lurching , glass crack ...! back to fireball ( slow motion ) now resolve into the nuclear mushroom cloud , boil - ing slowly up into the sky -- see from perhaps forty mile away ( bannock Hill ) -- over the low unearthly rumble , which resound over ... ext . bannock hill vicinity - series of face turn in slow motion to glance in shock and amaze - ment at the ' mushroom cloud : a old farmer in straw hat , a young boy in a cat cap , David klein , look through the finger of he hand , two more farmer , one view the light through a welder 's goggle , a farmer 's wife look through a screendoor ... aerial view of kansas CITY - mushroom cloud slowly boil up . a commercial jet airliner pass into f£.g. scene , hit shock wave , immediately pitch out of control , fall ...! the mushroom cloud rise higher , rumbling ... ! pop out . end of part one 96 . 324c '' 325 326 326a 327 0 328 329 330 331 332 333 Rev. 5/7/82 97 , * part two fade in : recap of part one conclude by repeat # 319 - #321 , then proceed to -- direct CUT into : ext . K.C. STREET - evening sky - quick - on dozen 328 people ( reprising first explosion ) hurry toward camera , as a bursting SUN above sear scene , " freezing " run figure . they smoke , bal - loon - and " vaporize " in the blinding light , and rapidly envelop dust cloud . quick to five rapid cut - progressively closer - a 329 man look into the flash ... he face darken like a toast marshmallow ... eye char ... lift he hand , the skin already smoking , carbonize ... ext . " kansas CITY " - skyscraper ( miniature ) 330 collapse beneath blinding overhead light , as if stomp by a giant slow -motion foot . as the flash slowly clear , we see epicenter building flattened by the intolerable air pressure , rapidly rise dust and smoke cloud billow up behind the shock . quick intercut - collapsing wall ( demolition stock ) 331 brick window " crush , " gush pulverize mortar ... ( reverse color negative . ) insert - build window 332 suck in , implode ! shatter glass ... ext . stockyard - quick high full 333 on hundred of shifting steer , beneath light flash ( optical . ) 334 335 336 337 337a 338 through 340 341 341a Rev. 5/7/82 '' 98 . * ext . bridge ( choteau , paseo or broadway ) 334 as it " lurch " from trembling camera Pov , a over - exposed sumrise or sunset create the effect of be - flect nuclear fireball on the water of the mis - souri River ... now , a stupendous , hellish rumble ...! ext . another CITY STREET - cut of vehicle 335 ( miniature ) as the next SHOCK wave hurl car , bus onto they side ... shatter glass ... collapse power line ... SHOCK wave sequence - close cut - six people 336 hurl through the air , strike wall , car ... other . strike by fly brick , fall sign . build SOUND of wind roaring " outward " ... ext . oil refineries - sugar creek - tank ( stock or 337 miniature ) exploding , boil flame , black smoke ... int . build ( # 255 ) , - handheld cut favor marilyn 337a catch in a cross-current of scream people , the air fill rapidly with smoke ... as the first SHOCK wave hit , hurl people down , SOUND of glass splintering ! Marilyn rise , see people rush toward the basement stair ... omitted 338 . through 340 marilyn and leon 341 push against each other by the crowd , hold on so as not to be separate , try speak but cannot be hear through the din ... be wrench apart , Leon and diana push back toward the stair ... Marilyn stumble to - ward the entrance , see ... wall 341a as heavy foundation stone lurch in place , mortar ust ... rs 342 through 344 345 346 347 348 348a 348b 349 through 359 360 Rev. 5/7/82 99 . omitted 342 through 344 ext . STREET - darkening sky - handheld marilyn 345 rush out into the smoky street -- seventh Circle of Hell -- trip over , recoil from a char body , see a overturn car . other unscathed body lie still along opposite building . the sky darken , the wind rising to a howl , as she look up in horror at ... marilyn be Pov - wide tilting up 346 past building to the dark boil cloud ... mammoth ' tree trunk " column of smoke ... to the underside of the nuclear mushroom cloud , roll up and spread out like a malignant thunderhead , through the f.g. scrim of smoke and dust ... very close - marilyn 347 feel a power backdraft wind building , pull she off - balance , as she stare at ... her telephoto Pov - several figure 348 move zombie- like toward camera , one or two fall down , still . as they enter focus , we see they be probably naked , they burnt skin hang , arm hold out to they side , faceless face ... back to marilyn . 348a in the smoky air , as she hair and clothes spontaneously burst into flame , just as ... another flash of blinding light burn the screen white ...! favor man on apartment balcony 348b instantly vaporize in the first glow ... omitted 349 through v. 359 int . bullding ( # 255 ) boiler room - favor leon and . .. 360 lana as crowd jam the stairwell , many fall down , thick swirl smoke , as ... , e ) 361 362 363 364 365 through 366 367 368 369 370 Rev. 5/7/82 100 . favor another door its edge gush thick white smoke , now blow open ! Fire blow in ! cut on crowd now light by roaring flame ... box quickly ignite in the rise heat . Leon and diana , as they attempt to rush back up the stair , throw back by the inrush crowd ! favor ceiling swiftly blacken , flame howling across scene , as if feed by a giant bellow , the " shelter " now a blast fur - mace . the shockwave hit , " camera ' crushed ! ext . K.C. STREET - firestorm ! - same ( miniature ) flame rage across building front , a sense that the air itself be burn ! omitted quick taxi burn in the street , the paint bubbles , the figure of a driver and back seat passenger roaring torch . quick - FIRE station ( miniature ) Doors open , ablaze , engine burn in they berth . ext . bridge - long - same ( miniature , animation ) backlit by flame , as distant figure jump off the bridge into the river below ...! CUT to : int . oake car ( freeway EIGHT mile away ) - oake - dusk still beneath the dashboard , as second shockwave hit ! ( continued ) 361 362 363 364 365 through 366 367 368 369 370 370 vom see 371 372 373 374 375 376 Rev. 5/7/82 " 101 . continued : 370 the right side of oake 's face have be burn pink -- a strong " sunburn , " but in a distinct blotch ( define by the shadow of the mirror on he windshield ) , from hairline , across one eye , to he jaw , spare he mouth . ( this nuclear stigmata will darken during the next " two week . " ) he blink like a rabbit , cautiously rise , wince , to see : he Pov - quick on two nuclear mushroom cloud ( matte ) 371 rise where he last see Kansas City skyline ( scene 299 ) , one three mile high and rise , the other al - ready six mile high , its stem " bent " by wind ... oake 372 stare , he whole conception of reality and human ex - pectation undergo a rai id , traumatic change . utter emotional and intellectual disbelief , which be why he must keep stare . only now do a sense of grief enter he sense -- everything be go ! -- and oake swallow back the emotion in order not to lose himself , lose a awareness of a future , of what come next . he see ... he Pov - traffic opposite 373 strangely silent . a few people wander outside they stall car and van , hand cover they eye , or stare numbly at the sky , in a state of shock . Pov be suddenly jolted as ... oake 374 react to a car sideswiping Pov ! see careen by in rearview mirror . now , a panel truck tear by . traffic in we lane be turn around and drive back the '' wrong way . oake start he engine , pull a U -turn , look in ... rearview mirror 375 the mushroom cloud still rise , as oake accelerate ! ext . hendry farm - high long - day 376 across farmyard and nearby pasture , where two overlap - ping mushroom cloud be see on the horizon , perhaps 40 or 50 mile away . ( continued ) 376 377 378 379 380 381 Rev. 5/7/82 102 . continued : 376 . the figure of Dennis hendry be see run across a field toward the farmhouse . close - favor ellen hendry 377 stare at the horizon in horror , cradling Kenny 's head , as Dennis enter scene . more amaze than horrify : kenny look , mommy . there be two of they . ellen I know . kenny where be they ? a strange high -frequency whistle swiftly approach ... dennis Kansas City ... before he can say more , there be a brilliant flash of light behind they ...! quick to slightly longer angle - four figure ( model ) 378 Father , mother , daughter , son instantly carbonize in the blinding light ... thunderous SHOCK wave blow they ember apart ! Sky darken ... quick - hendry house ( stock or miniature ) 379 rapidly smoke , ignites , collapse ... boiling dust cloud ( miniature ) 380 as a tractor catapult through the air ... ext . farmroad - camera riding close on bruce - day 381 ( matte ) as a fireball glow behind he . terrify , he hoot and screech like a mad indian ! the shockwave throw he through the air ...! screen goe momentarily black and silent ( 2 SEC . ) -) 382 383 384 385 385 a 386 387 388 389 5/7/82 103. ext . prairie - grassfire ~- day fanned by unearthly howling wind , the flame racing sideways ... quick on cow ( model ) smoking , roasting on the hoof , fall , roll over , leg up ... sequence on white horse gallop ahead of the raging brushfire , trap on two side , try to outrace the fiery wind ... rearing , its tail and mane burst into flame ...! ( optical / slow motion ) cuT to : ext . bannock hill - lutheran church - steeple ( matte ) where the bell no longer ring . nuclear mushroom cloud churn up the horizon ( 20 mile away ? ) . now , 382 383 384 385 the shockwave shake the steeple , shatter a window ... ext . bannock hill MAIN STREET - dusk - david see run across the wide main street , mushroom cloud behind he . dash into a storefront ... int . store - same - david dive to the floor , cover héad with backpack , as another shockwave burst the front window ... ! omitted ext , dahlberg farm - jim and danny running from barn to farmhouse . Jim glance once at Danny , see he look back ... jim Danny , do not look ...! quick to favor close danny look back as another flash illuminate he face . ( continued ) 3854 386 387 388 389 ne '' 389 389a 390 through 391 392 393 394 through 398 399 399 a 399b Rev. 5/7/82 104 . * continued : 389 Danny yell , look away , cover the back of he neck against the heat ... start to fall ... quick on farm road powerline 389 a as the wire smoke , streetlight glow ... explode ! and the powerline snap , break ... omitted 390 through 391 . favor jim 392 catch Danny , try to lift he ( too heavy ) , hold he up , lope toward the house . b.g. dirt mound around outside of the house , cover cyclone cellar door . favor barnyard chicken 393 run around , feather on fire , smoking . dog bark . CUT to : omitted 394 through 398 ext . town of hampton - dark sky - start coed student 399 in U of m sweatshirt stand stuporous in the town square , hear a dissonant . chorus of voice wailing , groaning . she hold she hand over she ear , start run past ... handheld favor burning house 399a beside another house that be intact . a figure on fire come run from the house , but Pov pass ... favor two car 399b on they side , down power pole lie across the street ... o ) = ) Rev. 5/7/82 400 a old man , a young man wander disparate , the older man hugging he be clenching he tooth , the young man staggering '' bl into a park car . a power pole smoking , burstin into flame ... 401 back to girl student . 401 look up at the darken sky , a rising wind whipping she hair . she whimper in fear and shock , dash across to the town green , past a prone body , where several other stand around in shock , stare . she kneel on the ground and pull the hood over she head . 402 int . oake car drive - oake - same ~ 402 ( burn patch right side face ) drive into town , maneu - vering . a howling wind rising , buffet car ... 403 omitted 403 through through 404 404 405 he Pov ahead - woman on FIRE 405 wander out into the street , arm outstretch ... 406 favor oake ( handheld ) 406 jump out of he car , wtap he coat over the woman . she fall to the ground . he beat out the flame , lift she into he arm , stagger off , fight the wind ... . 407 ext . university hospital - shelter sign - dark sky 407 and OPEN to oake carry the burn victim toward the door . smoke billow from lower break window . a bush burn crisply beside the entrance . several people sit in a stupor on the grass , rock back and forth . oake step across break glass ... 408 int . hospital MAIN entrance hall - oake 408 enter with burn victim , see ... staff and patient wander about in the darken hallway . light eerily by emergency spotlight , cough in the smoke , some scream , moan , foot crunching break glass , some extinguish small fire . ( continued ) Rev. 5/7/82 106 . 408 continued : 408 cc patient sit humbly along the hall , '' shellshocked . " a - nurse bauer and sterling , a nurse 's aide , push a stretcher around the corner ... dialogue be clipped , overlap , unreal . bauer Dr. oake ... s'good you be here ... oake . plasma ... methyl morphone , no gauze , please ... bauer you be burn too ... oake on my way back from Kansas City . where 's Dr. miranda ? 409 favor hachiya 409 listen , approach , as bauer wheel cart away ... bauer @ he 's go . you be in charge . oake where 's Julian ? bauer' voice put out fire upstairs ... hachiya burn unit 's already fill up . oake get to move all the bed into the hall , away from window ... hachiya have you see the number of people in here ? this be suppose to double as a fallout shelter . they be stand around in shock or hysterical ... oake where 's Dr. wallenberg ? she 's get the radiological equipment in she department , do not she ...? 410 ae 411 . - Rev. 5/7/82 107 . closer hachiya and oake 410 as hachiya now study oake ' face intently . hachiya what do you see ? oake and we can not stay on emergency power . we be go to have to ... hachiya what do you see ? you say you be on you way back from Kansas City . what do you see ? oake see the urgency in Sam 's face . memory be a act of discipline . . oake I be on the freeway , Blue Springs , Independence , maybe ten mile away . I see the bomb go off , high in the air , directly over downtown . it be like the sim explode . two sun . it be like ... the end of the world . I do not know why I be even here ... oake be nonpluss to see hachiya 's eye welling up with tear . Sam take off he glass and sob si- lently . oake let he cry until he see Sam wrench he head from side to side against the wall . finally , oake seize hachiya 's arm , bark at the disobedient child . oake ( continue ) stop it , Sam ! stop it !! hachiya stop , blink , surprised . feel the powerful hand on he arm . oake bend , retrieve Sam 's glass , hand they back . Sam fit they on with great delicacy , watch oake hurry down the hall ... favor people 411 sit hunch along the hallway , some rigid and stare , some cry , one try to control quiet irrational laughter . pick up and follow up enter female student , aid by a man . she be hold hand over she eye , mutter fearfully : student # 5 I can not see anything ... where be I ? why can not I see ...? 412 413 414 415 Rev. 5/7/82 108 . close - hachiya 412 watch she , then hasten out to tend ... int . upper ward floor - long corridor - beds 413 be roll out of room by nurse , orderly , some patient in hospital gowns , slipper . emergency light now go off , only flashlight from open ward room door ... int . semi - private - julian french - SAM 414 Chief administrator -- 40 , sparkplug , harry , tweed jacket , tie -~- help a nurse , two orderly ( one of they sterling , soft -spoken jamaican ) roll two bed into the hall . cleo mackey be in one , 25 , black , hold she newborn child . alison , heavily pregnant , walk . camera dolly within the chaos ... as oake enter . cleo ( frighten of everything ) what 's happen now ...? julian we be take you into the hall ... oake cleo Julian ... safer ...? julian sterling we have only get about protect you from the a quarter of the staff . fallout . it come right through the oake window , through the see what you can do toward wall , even . diverting people who be not injure to shelter in alison campus building ... be it all over ? favor oake and alison 415 as he help she into the hall . oake I do not know . they seem to have stop . alison how many be there ? ( continued ) on 415 416 417 418 rev , 5/7/82 109 . continued : 415 oake I do not know . there be two ... Kansas City . then there be more to the east and south across the countryside , probably the missile field . alison be it just we it happen to , just Missouri ? -- or be it the whole country ? oake I do not know . nobody know anything yet . there 's no ... alison what about sedalia ? my husband be in sedalia ... a distant thud ! make the whold building tremble again . some people start moaning with fear ( of a renew at - tack . ) everyone work stop , listen . a low - level shockwave hit ... oake when be you due ? alison I be overdue . oake we be go to have to do everything we can to protect ourselves from the fallout . alison ( eynical ) what for ? quick to close - oake 416 ( face burnt ) do not answer . camera crane high down the corridor , now a confusion of bed , mattress , wander figure ... omitted : 417 int . hospital kitchen - pan patient . 418 on mattress ( 40 ) , among the sink , counter , stove . emergency spot . 419 420 421 422 through 423 424 Rev. 5/7/82 110 . «* favor hachiya 419 and young nurse , bend over a writhe man , blacken face , clutching at he eye . hachiya please take you hand down for just a moment ... man get I some water ... please , water ... the nurse offer he a sip from a plastic jug , as hachiya check the burnt eye , wrap a blin old around he head ... hachiya ( to the nurse ) make he keep he hand away from he face . int . hospital entrance - hand held follow - same 420 more student , patient ( 10 ) enter . some be burnt and flashblind , some merely panicked . one man have all the hair burnt off he head . Julian weed out the well , take they arm , try persuade they ... julian this be a hospital . we do not have many supplies . please go to one of the college building . one student , stuporous in shock , thrust out , send Julian reeling back against the wall ...! ext . hampton town GREEN - figure - dark sky 421 flitting to and for across the green , beneath tree , lose soul without destination , incipient psychotics . omitted 422 through 423 ext . science build roof - huxley - same 424 adjust radiological sensor . nearby wind guage , meteorological equipment , radio antennas be all bent out of shape , tear asunder by the wind . aldo assist . 425 com sos 426 427 @ 428 429 430 431 432 rev 5/7/82 lll . closer - equipment 425 dry-cell battery , as a rad-meter register early fallout , the needle bounce slightly , crackling ... back to huxley 426 look up into the sky , hold out he hand ... huxley here it come ... quickly , they rum the spool wire through a roof door ... camera tilt up to dark sky ... commence music sub -theme which subtly indicate '' yadiation , " some simple tonal dissonance , sustain , pinprick , voice the insidious unseen ionize ray ... ext . dahlberg farm - long pan - twilight 427 under ominously dark sky ( matte ) . nothing move . as the '' yadiation " music subvert the peaceful scene , we ear ... close - meadowlark 428 ( or any prairie bird ) sing ... cut on wheat ( or corn ) field 429 some burnt out , still smoking , some ready for harvest , gently bend in a breeze ... favor hawk 430 circle against the darken sky . close - ranch dog 431 whimper at the back screen door ... int . dahlberg kitchen - series of cuis - twilight 432 abandon turkey , pork rib , ten pie ... curtain lightly billow over the sink . SOUND of a dog 0.8 . ne 433 Rev. 5/7/82 '' 112 . int . dahlberg cyclone cellar - dark - start DENISE - 433 same sit against the wall in dim light , look out - rage , fearful , confuse , but for once assess thing for herself . OPEN across Eve , hair askew , hold - ing a wet compress across Danny 's face . she be no more accept than before , merely lose herself in mother 's task . Jim tinker with a transistor radio , get only a shower of static , turn it off , the silence revealing the dog whimpering outside ... to jolene , wide - eye , curious , watch the four other . jolene that 's rusty . ( beat ) dad , we leave rusty outside . jim we might be down here a long time . there will not be enough food and water for rusty ... jolene you mean she 's just go to die out there ? danny oh shut up , jolene ... Jim come over , squat beside she . jim honey , we be go to have to get use to thing be a lot different from now on . what matter be , we be alive , and we be together . and I be go to do everything I can to make sure thing stay that way . jolene ( unpersuaded ) how long will we have to stay down here ? jim I do not know . maybe two to four week . denise start cry . they look she way . she rock gently back and forth . now , jolene get up , go over and sit next to she sister , not touch , not say anything . oo , <) 433a 433b 433c 433d 433e 433f 434 435 Rev. 5/7/82 113. ext . bannock hill MAIN STREET - dark sky - david exit store , face sooty , eye wide white with shock and apprehension , look up at the dark smoky sky ... wide on STREET where nothing move , no light in building . ghost town . David run toward the gas station ... closer david turn on the water 's faucet . no water . he look 0.s. down the street , hearing hoofbeat . favor a dark horse rumning wild in the street . David run out to catch the horse . but the horse rear , run between build - ing , out across a field ... ext , dahlberg farm - moment later - dark sky - start back screendoor flap in the wind . brief pan to David hurry up the road into sight of door . some b.g. field still billow smoke . closer david see dirt pile around the house foundation , dirt on the cyclone cellar door , search for the handle ... david hello !... anybody down there ? no answer . he head for the back door . omitted int . dahlberg kitchen ~- same - david look across the odd abandon banquet , turkey and pie spray with break glass from the window . the dog start barking . David go immediately to the sink , take a saucepan , turn on the tap . no water ... he toss the dog a piece of turkey ... 433a 433b 433c 433d 433e 433f 434 435 Rev. 5/7/82 114.-115 .* 436 int . dahlberg cellar - same time - favoring DENISE 436 a as mother , father , brother , sister all look toward the gene SOUND of dog barking , footstep overhead . DENISE Bruce ? be that you ? Jim pull the shotgun from behind the shelf , head for the stair . Eve spring up behind he ... eve what be you go to do with that ? 437 438 439 Rev. 5/7/82 116 . hand held on stair - jim 437 round a corner , pull away a heavy canvas drape , head up cellar stair , pull bag of plaster from the bottom of the door . Eve be behind he all the way . eve it 's not a dog , Jim -- it 's a person up there ... int . kitchen - long on david - same 438 look sharply this way , face streak with soot . eerie , apocalyptic light through the window . intercut jim 439 burst through the cellar door with shotgun , Eve yight behind he . both startle by David 's spooky appearance . David see the gun , back against the counter , grab the first object at hand -- a iron skillet . the dog , rusty , rush for the cellar door . jim get out of here ! david please do not shoot , I will just ... eve Jim , stop it ... 1 jolene's voice rusty ...? jim you get back upstairs , Eve ... Jim be try to prevent rusty from sneaking downstairs by block the door with he foot . david . ( rapidly ) I be hitching home to joplin , when the bomb go off . I be look for water . you get another cellar out in the barn ? look , I will die out there . eve let he stay , Jim ... ( continued ) et qo 439 440 441 442 443 Rev. 5/7/82 117 . continued : 439 jim sure , and tonight there will be twenty more people bang on ... David advance quickly , persuade , plead ... ( see Jim kick at rusty , put a pie on the floor to lure the dog away . ) continue rapidly : david no there will not . I be the last one . T will help you keep the other out . I will help you any way you want . I be smart , believe I . look . I even bring my own food . ... pull can peach , peanut butter cracker from he backpack , drop thing on the floor , bend ... quick close - jim 440 furious , tear between Eve and David , rights he shot - gun . sharp , sour : jim get down there ! get this door closed} pivot fast as David enter ... quick close - dog 441 wolfing down the apple pie ... int . cellar - dark - cut on jolene , DENISE - same 442 they eye follow David down the stair into view . even Danny , eye close , listen keenly . intercut close - david , eve , jim 443 face catch flashlight beam . jim cut that flashlight , jolene . save it for when we need it . jolene just want to see who it be . ( continued ) oof m ) '' rev , 5/7/82 118. 443 continued : 443 david my name 's David . Eve hand David a cup of water . * david ( continue ) thank you , mar 'am . +e eve we be the dahlberg . I be eve. jim. denise . jolene . and * Danny . nod , grumt . jolene study David closely . whenever he look she way , she eye widen ( instinctively coy . ) Jim see David look closely at Danny . * jim he look at the bomb go off . david flashblind . * David read Jim 's scrutinize look ... david ( continue ) he burn he retinas . you know , the membrane at the back of the eye ... danny you mean I be never go to see again ? david do not know how bad it be . * jim what do you know about it ? * david not a whole lot . I be pre - Med at hampton . 444 favor DENISE 444 sit up , suddenly hopeful ... DENISE do you know Bruce gallatin ? a senior at hampton ? ( continued ) 444 445 446 447 447a 447b Rev. 5/7/82 119 . .* continued : faa david no ... DENISE but you be come from hampton ? so maybe Bruce be all right . favoring david 445 look back and forth between Eve and denise , not know the value of optimism in this family . ~ david I do not know what happen to hampton . the bomb out here do not hit until I be close to bannock Hill . there be five or six to the north , then a whole string of they to the south . there could have be a hundred . jim they must have hit every missile silo from sedalia to El dorado Springs . omitted 446 ext . hampton - horizon ( optical matte ) - night 447 aglow from the firestorm of Kansas City , 40 mile west , weird aurora borealis - like ripple across the night sky , silhouett some f.g. figure , refugee from distant suburb , staggering past camera . tilt down to two or three fall body along the road - side , a baby crying ... fade up " radiation music " theme ... favor hospital 447a where some thirty or forty people be crowded around the entrance ... quick cut on ( refugee ) face 447b some burn , some merely blacken , some wild - eye , some desperate to get in , but most be already mark by a sense of shock , lethargy , resignation . 0 448 through 453 454 455 456 Rev. 5/7/82 omitted int . hospital . - radiology department - start dr . wallenberg woman , 35 , tall , slender , white jacket , short gown pageboy . as she look up from a similar rad-meter , sharp clear eye look almost directly into camera we see she smooth skin tatter by break glass ... wallenberg I be not certain of the dosage outside , but we be get more radiation than I would like in here . wider - favor oake ( hand held already look very tired ( face burn turn dark red , ) look up at bauer , sterling , two other doctor . oake all right . we will need some form of decontamination and shower unit at the front and emergency entrance ... sterling Dr. oake , there 's no water pressure . oake ( beat ) then close off the front entrance , get rid of they clothes ... Julian french enter , urgently ... julian Russell , I can not stop they come in . there be just too many people ... oake start 0.s. int . dark hallway - hand held with oake , hachiya , wallenberg intercutting patient strewn along the wall . 120 . 448 through 453 454 455 456 ( continued ) ey ) 456 457 458 459 4594 Rev. 5/7/82 121 . continued : 456 oake ~ Dr. hichaya , Dr. wallenberg -- do not come down here . you be medical staff . stay with the patient . stay in the protect area . hachiya what about you , doctor ? quick close cut - oake and hachiya 457 as oake give Sam a impatient little smile ... int . entrance hallway - cut on crowd - night 458 thronging the hallway ( 40 ) . a loose " cordon " of order - lie , doctor ... Julian french ... oake climb on a chair . oake please , listen to I ... listen to I ! we need you help . this be a hospital ! so that of you who be not seriously ill or injure .. have get to work ... to work with we staff . cut among face 459 some blacken , some frighten , some numb . oake this work will be dangerous ... but we have get to do it in order to ... to survive . they expression be not move by talk of survival . int . surgical washroom - handheld cut 459a among oake , Julian , wallenberg , hachiya , dr . austin , and ten volunteer . impromptu conference . julian we try a auxiliary pump on the backup generator , but there 's just a trickle . ( continued ) on 459a 4598 460 through 464 465 " Rev. 5/7/82 122 . continued : 459 a austin we will have to locate the nearest hand pump and chain - gang the water in . voice no one 's go to expose themselves to ... hachiya we have to have water . oake in a couple of day . we will set up shift . what about fuel to boil water , heat food ...? julian there 's some butane . no more than three day worth ... austin what about bring in wood ? wallenberg you can not burn it if it 's be contaminate . just put radiation right back in the air . what about pottle gas ...? int . emergency entrance - naked man 459b backlit by flashlight , deposit clothes in a plastic bag , rinsing out of the garbage can fill with water ... Men and woman , young and old , child about half in hospital gowns , some lie rigid , wide - eye , some curl fetus-like , some hugging a patient in fear , one couple even appear to be make love , some be tuck tight in blanket like mummy , tremble ... omitted 460 through 464 upper corridor - sharp CUT in oake and hachiya 465 urgently examine a inert older man , as the woman on the adjoin mattress utter little pinch - off scream , cower . they check he eye , heart , quickly pull a blanket over the body , lift it 0.s. pan to alison , pregnant , calmly study oake ... 466 467 468 469 Rev. 5/7/82 123 . int . operating room - start cluster of flashlight 466 strapped together ; suspend from dark overhead surgi - cal spotlight , tilt to oake remove fragment from the face of a older woman , drop the splinter into a metal dish . favor nurse bauer 467 surgical mask , sterilizing instrument in a metal tray of boil water , heat by a sterno can . re-focus to the close of three burn victim . oxygen tent , iv and plasma tube . oake enter scene , examine the woman , she face raw red ( 2nd degree ) , exchange a glance with bauer , behind mask . int . surgical washroom - oake and bauer 468 remove mask ( revealing oake ' facial burn ) . they wash they hand by ladling water from a steel pot . even here there be some people " campe , " some nurse sleep -- one or two with they eye open . single emergency spot . eerie . bauer be assemble disinfec - tant , swab , dress , see oake notice the sleep nurse . bauer they be sleep two-hour shift in here . oake do not mistake the sleep for the dead . there be not enough . plasma ... bauer hold still . closer - CUT in 469 . as bauer turn immediately to oake , start treat he face burn . he wince , recoil . she steady hin . bauer I know -- ' no gauze , please . 's no sense make a martyr of yourself . there 's too much to do . he watch she , comfort . she resemble helen . oake you know what 's go to happen next around here , do not you ... ( continued ) * 469 470 470 a 470 B Rev. 5/7/82 124 , continued : 469 . bauer I have be try not to think about it . oake we may be the only hospital operate within a hundred mile . everyone half - alive or die will find they way here . burn , shock , radiation , infection . bauer too late to become a dentist , exactly . closer intercut - oake and bauer 470 as he grin , wince , surprised by she gallow humor , study she face as she check he burn , daub . now , she notice he eye keenly watch she , he expre - sion at once intimate and distant . there be thing to talk about , and thing not . quietly : oake I wonder who in the world be spare . I wonder if New York , Paris , Moscow be just like Kansas City . bauer I wonder what 's go to happen to we . screen pop to black . int , truck trailer - dark 470a start door open sideways , a slash of harsh . daylight enter . ( the trailer lie on its side . ) favor mccoy 470b face dirty , two - day growth of beard , cut on the side of he face , squint into the bright light , then turn away , let the door close . adjust to darkness where we see the trailer interior , carton on they side . mccoy scamper back into the appliance carton he have make he " hibernation , " lick parched lip , pull a canvas cover over he head for protection , go to open the door again ... 470c 470d 470e 470 F 4706 470h 470 - 1 Rev. 5/7/82 125 . ext . route # 2 ( near latour ) - trailer truck - day 470c lie on its side across highway in farm country , b.g . town . the light be fiercely white ( overexpose ) . we see mccoy peek out the " upper " door flap , scramble out , z shieldin imself , start toward tom . it be two day ater . : ext . latour - start civil war memorial - same 470d in_town square -- Union soldier , cannon -~- and pan across three body lie peacefully ( dead ) in the street , a burnt - out storefront still smolder . from somewhere in town we hear the unlikely sound of dvorak be " new world symphony , " third movement . mccoy enter scene , stare at the body , hurry by ... closer - favor several cat 470e lurking , meowing near the open door to ... int . grocery store - mccoy - same 470 F enter , examine the ravage shelf , . where all food - stuff be go . a few stray can roll on the floor , a break box of rice . near the cash register , mccoy see a display of cheap sunglass , put on a pair . close ~ BOX of " cocktail " cracker 4706 on the floor , a cat eat fastidiously . mccoy enter scene , begin stuff cracker into he mouth ... ext . latour - route # 2 ( east ) - favor alfred - same 470h 50 , unshaven , rumple , three - piece suit , wave he arm , " conduct " the music of dvorak issue from a tape recorder on the roof of a car . Hood up , tire melt , window splinter . Alfred 's hand and face be bett red , a severe sunburn . he have lose he mind . favor mccoy 470 - 1 cloak in canvas , wear sunglass , look like a displace bedouin , walk a wide swath around the craze Alfred ... '' 4705 470 k 470l Rev. 5/7/82 126 . time CUT - he " walking Pov passing sign 470i which point ahead to " chilhoee ... sedalia ... " we see a strange column of six refugees walk this way , not on the smooth road , but along the scorched grass on the route roadside . head and face cover , two hold up unsteady comrade . favor mccoy 470 k watch they approach , cracker crumb on he parched lip , expect a greeting . they walk by without a word . follow as mccoy turn , walk alongside the leader . ~ mccoy where you go ? refugee # 1 Holden . mccoy how come ? refugee # 1 people there . mccoy how you know that ? refugee # 1 man with a cb back in leeton . mccoy you from leeton ? how 's sedalia ? the man do not answer . mccoy ( continue ) I say , how 's sedalia ? refugee # 1 ( impassive ) ai not no sedalia . ai not no Green Ridge , no Windsor , no nothin’ . mccoy stop camera close , stupefy , as they pass . now , pan as he turn and run down the side of the road to ... favor creek - low angle - mccoy 470l start drink water from the creek with he hand , try to quench a impossible thirst , then pan as he rtush back up the roadside , fall in line behind the six refugees as they pass 0.s. 470 m 471 through 487 488 Rev. 5/7/82 '' 127 . * ext . hampton hospital emergency entrance - night 470m interview a teenage couple by candlelight , examine the dark splotches on the back of she hand . sense of many people jamme in the corridor . hachiya have you be in shelter the last three day ? ~ boy last night we sleep in a chicken coop in Lone Jack . hachiya you have ... be outside since then ? omitted 471 through 487 int . radiolody department - emergency SERVICES - start 488 on oake unshaven , haggard , but eye sharp and alert . slow OPEN angle across Julian , hachiya , wallenberg , Dr. Austin , bauer . all but oake be eat sandwich , sip from paper cup . oake we be see the first symptom of radiation sickness . loss of appetite , vomit , diarrhea , epilation , subcutaneous bleed , general hemorrhage due to reduce platelet count . the difficulty come in separate shock victim from that with severe radiation poisoning , because the symptom be in many case the same . try to determine if possible where the patient come from , how close they be to a blast , and how long they have be explose to fallout since Saturday . ( continued ) 488 489 Rev. 5/7/82 128. continued : wallenberg hand oake a clipboard ... ( aside ) . wallenberg I be pick up increase amount of iodine - 131 in the water supply . oake Julian -- see that potassium iodide tablet be distribute with all drink water ... doctor # 2 in view of the fact that we drug stock be dwindling , with no foreseeable resupply , not to mention food supply , do not you think , Dr. oake , that we should make a further distinction ? -- and separate the live from the die ? close - favor oake feel the first of several moral dilemma ... oake how can you tell the difference , Paul ... austin come with I , down the hall , and I will show you the difference . oake everybody react differently ... to different dose of radiation . austin there 's no per se cure for radiation poisoning , we know that . we be talk about side effect , infection , anemia ... and there be only so much medication to go around . everyone present feel the desperation and impatience bring about by fear and fatigue . julian that not distinction ' may have to be make on the basis of space alone . there be four hundred and seventeen people in this building right now , most of they lie in they own waste ... ( continued ) 488 489 they 489 489a 490 491 Rev. 5/7/82 129 . continued : " 489 hachtya what be you say , Julian -- that we should start throw they out the window ...? oake come on , Sam !... when the fallout diminish I would like to try make we own penicillin in the lab . and open ward in other building , Paul . two , three day and I think it will be easier to judge ' the live from the die . ' : austin of course . the die will be dead . then you will have another kind of problem . exasperate , Austin exit . ext . science build roof - rad / sensor - night 489a and " radiation " theme ... int . huxley's " underground " lab - start rad -meter 490 the needle register ... and OPEN across conder block " broom room " bastily convert into a impromptu lab and communication center , housing a cb , short wave xeceiver , radiological measure device , etc . holly , 23 , female lab assistant , write rad / meter figure in a log . map of Kansas and Missouri , Aldo . huxley speak over the cb mike . candle . huxley's voice ..- hold at just a hair under 50 rem a hour . I think it would diminish by now , so my guess be we be pick up a lot of fallout ... int . hospital - resident cubicle - oake 491 talk on police - call cb , four - day growth of beard . some people sleep on cot , several lie with they eye wide open , listlessly watch oake . huxley 's disembody voice : ( continued ) * a 491 492 493 Rev. 5/7/82 continued : huxley's voice ... £rom the titan missile basis in wichita and wherever else out west . that 's the way the wind blow -- right toward St. Louis ... oake when would it be safe to move people to other building ? huxley's voice I would wait until the count be below two rem 's a hour . but it will never be ' safe . ' time CUT - favor oake slump against the wall , head back , eye close . bauer' voice do not mistake the sleep for the dead . he barely open he eye , without move he head , see bauer sit beside he , peel he incant : oake as fall wichita , so fall wichita Falls . bauer that 's the first time you have close you eye in three day . oake I do it when you be not look . he watch she strong finger strip down the bauer you look terrible . oake you sound just like my wife . quick - very close - oake 130 . 491 492 tired a orange . orange . 493 his eye revealing sudden stun grief . he 's afraid he 's come unglue ... 494 Rev. 5/7/82 131 . intercut - very close - bauer 494 understand the emotion , casually hand he a hunk of orange , diversionary . bauer here . eat this . might be the last orange you see for a -- ( eat ) --. a week and a half . he eat , juice spilling down he chin , try to keep he voice steady . oake when you close you eye you start remember . he glance at she . she eat neatly . encourage he : bauer remember what ? quietly , control powerful emotion : oake my son . catch a pass . Saturday morning . he wrinkle he brow , look away . she be patient . oake ( continue ) I keep see the branch of a tree outside we bedroom window , seratch the pen in winter when it 's all frost with ice , and in summer the leave be like big open hand play catch with the sun all over the wallpaper . you see , helen never like to close the curtain . she ... ( close eye , remember ) - have deepset eye -- I use to call she lid garage door -- and always seem to have a expression ask , ' why be you leave so soon ? I want to tell you ail about ... ' oake stop , surprised at himself for become so per - sonal , see that bauer be listen intently . ( continued ) 494 495 496 through 500 501 502 503 Rev. 5/7/82 132. continued : - 494 oake ( continue ) I be sorry , rave on like this ... bauer oh no , do rave , please . I never imagine you ... sudden short pierce scream startle both of they ! favor little girl 495 directly behind they , have waken from a nightmare , stare wildly around , clutching at she startle father , scream ! scream ! scream !... relive the memory ... omitted 496 through 500 int . dahlberg cellar -- start radio dial ( dark ) 501 as Jim , grizzly beard , turn the knob , the needle sweeping the band . jag hiss and static . super : " september 21 . " close - danny 502 " blindfolded " as Eve try feed he tuna fish on cracker . he turn he face away . eve I want you to eat anyway . I be not hi ungry , Mom . she worry , then feed herself -- cracker arrange daintily like canape on a paper plate . favor david . 503 four- day beard , ladling water into cup , offer one to denise . she do not seem to notice it . jolene accept ( always try to catch David 's glance ) . ( continued ) Rev. 5/7/82 133 . * 503 continued : 503 oo jolene ke what be it -- day or night ? david Day . jolene what day ? eve Wednesday . jim Thursday . two-thirty . 504 quick to favor DENISE 504 listen , respond with a look of horror ... jolene's voice I wonder if it 's sunny out ... DENISE I can not remember . they all look toward denise ( who sound disorient ) . eve can not remember what , darlin' ? DENISE it 's only five day and I can not remember what he look like . eve we have all be through so much , sit here in the dark . DENISE what be we do down here anyway ? it 's all over , be not it ? 505 close intercut - david , jim , jolene 505 listen keenly , wonder about denise 's " fit . " eve now get hold of yourself . you know we have to wait till ... ( continued ) Rev. 5/7/82 '' 134 . * 505 continued : 505 a? DENISE why do I have to use that thing ? Eve be afraid to ask . jolene look sharply at David , embarrassed , but eager to see he reaction , ask aside : jolene | want to play parcheesi ...? DENISE ( rave ) we would be marry now anyway ... why do not I just get pregnant at least ...?! jim denise , you just pipe down ...! DENISE ... because now I can not even see he face !l... 506 quick handheld cut 506 '' as Jim rise , half - embrace denise to quiet she down . but she push herself away , knock can off the shelf , grab a spotlight , flash it across they face ... David burst up , grab the light ... DENISE ... can not see anything ! in the confusion of light and darkness , denise have bolt up the stair . eve' voice do not go up there ...! 507 cut 507 on denise 's foot run , kick sandbag ... the door force apen to a sliver of daylight ... David run up after she , Jim behind he ... david just one of we ... oo ne 508 509 510 s11 512 513 514 Rev. 5/7/82 135 . * int . dahlberg kitchen - denise' Pov - entering - day 508 where everything -- pie , desiccate turkey , crimson '' pork rib -- be see in a exaggerated sharp light , harsh contrast , afternoon sum angle . quiet reintro " radiation " music theme , over ... quick - DENISE 509 throw up she arm , squinting into the first daylight see in several day ... look down , recoil in horror and disgust from ... dog 510 lie dead near the door ... pig plate ... cut - david 511 rush from the cellar door , close it firmly , squint . denise run out the back door ... ext , farmhouse - very long shot - DENISE - day 512 stand in the bright farmyard . harsh contrast . White fence . cornfield . Silver feed silo . barn . " radiation " theme louder , a dissonant high - frequency " whisper " ... when David appear outside the back door , she start run away . he stop ( hope she will stop ) . she turn around in a circle , indicate the sky , as if she 's the victim of a cosmic trick . DENISE look . there 's nothing wrong out here . it 's a beautiful day . very close - favor david 513 turn , study a fine coat of dust lie across the petal of zinnia in a back railing flower box , tenta - tively touch the dust , blow it away , lock toward denise , shaking he head , " casually " approach ... david no . it only look that way . close - favor DENISE 514 fix he with a look of wither contempt : he 's just part of the trick . she turn and run ... mm , hoe 515 516 517 517a s17b 517¢ 517d 517e 517f Rev. 5/7/82 136 . handheld cut - david chasing DENISE 515 as she run out across the farmyard , toward cornfield ... intercut handheld passing 516 dead chicken in the barnyard ... another dead dog ... beyond the fence , a cow on its back , belly swollen , leg stick straight up ... backtrack DENISE 517 run between cornstalk , out across a burnt field , recoil , head for the barn ... david ° . 517a move to head she off . she be see run behind the barn . follow as David come around behind the barn , but denise be nowhere in sight . closer - david 517b pause frustrated , afraid of the air , listen , suddenly feel the intense ray of the sun on he skin , wince , hurry 0.8. int . barn - david' handheld Pov - same 517 '' move past cow stall , some animal mooing , see far door open , sharp light enter , denise run out ... favor david 517d run after she ... favor silo - DENISE 517e run around the far side ... come face - to- face with David come the other way . she freeze in fear up against the silo , a trap animal , eye wide , tight fist up against she shoulder ... intercut david : 517f gasp for breath , careful not to touch she . ( continued ) a ) Rev. 5/7/82 137 . 517f continued : 517f david you can not see it ... you can not feel it ... you can not taste it :.. but it 's here , all around we , right now ... go through you like a x-ray ... right into you cell ... ( beat ) what do you think kill that animal back there ...? she look wildly around , then dash back to the house . 517g angle from house - DENISE - same run by camera into house . hold until David arrive , then pan revealing that denise be not head for the cellar door at all , but for the stair ... 517h intercut david alarmed -- break glass underfoot -- pursue ... 517-i cut on stair as denise turn along the upper landing ... 5173 int . denise' room - david pass , look in , see ... 517k favor DENISE curl fetus-like around the wedding dress on she bed . David pause by the door . beat . david I be sorry I be not Bruce . 518 omitted 519 int . dahlberg cellar - start DENISE ( dark again ) sit hunch , hair stringy , blanket around she shoulder , sip soup , stare across at David with guard trust ( and attraction ) . radio static ( replac - ing " radiation " theme on above cut ) ... 5176 517h 517-1 5173 517k 518 519 520 521 522 Rev. 5/7/82 138. cuut 520. Eve slump asleep on she husband 's shoulder ; jolene lie down , she eye wide open toward ... David , write thoughtfully on a small pad ... Danny . danny you be the first person I ever get to know without know what you look like . David look up , delay reaction , smile . david what do you think I look like ? danny tall and skinny . you look someone right in the eye when you be talk to they . Big ear that stick out ... suddenly , all respond to the SOUND of a distant , garble voice among the radio static . radio voice . will be repeat at fifteen minute interval ... favor radio dial - jim 521 twist the dial to catch the voice clearly , spin the dial hope to pick up the same message elsewhere ... jolene use body English ... jolene no , dad . back to the leave , back to the leave ... jim okay , okay ... radio voice ... gency broadcast system ... sident of the United States . slow pan - david , eve , DENISE , danny 522 listen carefully to the President 's voice compete with the static . he sound like a solemn , " heartfelt " George Bush , he message noteworthy for what it do not say . ( continued ) 522 523 524 525 526 527 Rev. 5/7/82 139 . continued : 522 president's voice my fellow Americans ... while the extent of damage to we country ... int . dahlberg kitchen - favor pork rib ~- day 523 now resembling a rotting disembowelle carcass , fly - buz angrily ... president 's voice . be still uncertain , and shall probably remain so for sometime . ext . bannock hill - low angle - STREET - day 524 a abandon " ghost town , " break window , loose papers catch impish wind ... president's voice ++». preliminary report indicate that principal weapon impact point include military and industrial target in most sector of the United States . . int . tractor shed - cut on three farmer ' face 525 listen . a fourth lie on the floor , asleep or dead . ext . prairie - large crater ( natural meteorite ) - day 526 where a chunk of rag molten metal ( a metamorpho - size motorcycle ? ) gleam like a alien sculpture among rock . president's voice there be at the present time a ceasefire with the Soviet Union , which sustained damage equally catastrophic . many of you ... int . wooden shelter - close on a old indian man 527 weathered face , silver necklace ... ce ) 528 529 530 531 532 Rev. 5/7/82 140-143 . ext . route # 2 - favor alfred the mad - day 528 peacefully dead in the street beside the car with the rooftop tape player . a large black raven stalk nearby , peck at the asphalt . president's voice ... listen to I today have suffer personal injury , sudden separation from love one , and the tragic loss of you family ... int . hospital operating room - oake 529 mask , work frenziedly over another burn victim -- daub the raw flesh , try to summon some conscious - ness , - order a nurse to attach a i.v . president's voice I share you grief ... for I too have suffer personal loss . MAIN corridor - slow dolly shot - emergency spot 530 past patient and refugee , they face gaunt , numb , worried , perplex , some with eye close and mouth open , as the SOUND of the president's voice resound oddly from several small portable radios ... he tone more subdued as he rhetoric grow more inflate . president's voice .-. this hour of sorrow , I wish to assure you that America have survive this terrible tribulation ... there have be no surrender ... closer cut 531 favor alison , expressionless ; bauer tend to a sick — child ; a student , eye welling up with tear ... president's voice +». no retreat from the principle of liberty and democracy ... for which the free world look to we for leadership . int . hospital morgue - emergency spot ~ body 532 stack in bag along the wall . burn victim 's face see through transparent " window . " pan reveal two fresh corpse on table , still to be bag ... president's voice we remain undaunted before all but almighty God . o 533 534 535 536 144 : favor sterling & student 533 fussing over the lousy reception on a pocket transis - tor , hear only : " ... offer we prayer ...'' then static , then : president's voice ... government function under certain extraordinary emergency option . we be prepare to make every effort to coordinate ... int . kitchen - cut among some young child 534 age three - five , play with pot , pan , wire whisk ... among indifferent parent ... clutching parent ... president's voice ... relief and recovery program at the state and local level . during the next two week , my staff and cabinet will relocate to the National emergency re- construction headquarters ... int . surgical washroom - oake , hachiya , wallenberg 535 surgical cap and mask , exhaust , wash up , hachiya lighting a cigarette ... look at each other in silence . president's voice .. in Des Moines , Iowa . at the present time , and until radiation pattern report be make available over the emergency broadcast band or through you local authority , I urge you to remain in area offer maximum shelter protection from radioactive fallout ... int . emergency room - anteroom - six refugees ( dark ) 536 clothes blacken , face burn or mark by bleed beneath the skin ... crowd into shower area ... president's voice ... and to obey all local curfew . we be count on you , you see -- on you strength , you patience ... e ) Rev. 5/7/82 145 . 537 int . huxley's lab - huxley , aldo , holly ( dark ) 537 Cynthia ( from # 212 , above ) and at least ten other - from b.g. hall , cluster around short wave receiver . president's voice ... you will and you courage to help rebuild this great nation of ours . ( beat ) God bless you all . as the transmission be replace by a cascade of hush and static ... aldo that 's it ? that 's all he 's go to say ? student # 3 hey , maybe we be go to be okay . student # 4 ( to Aldo ) what do you want to hear ? aldo I want to hear what happen , who start it , who pre-empt , who fire first ! huxley you be never go to know that . holly what difference do it make now ? as everyone seem to start talk at once ... huxley turn to activate the cb , camera slowly isolate Cynthia , think she own thought ... aldo student # 1 he sure would have tell he say he do not we if they fire know how badly we first ... be hit , but he know they be hit at holly least as bad ... so what , Aldo ? so there 's a ceasefire now ... student # 4 he 's consolidate he aldo position . he do not you believe that ? you want anyone to think we believe everything lose the war ... they tell you ...? ( continued ) 537 538 538a 538b Rev. 5/7/82 " 146. continued : 537 cynthia ( quietly ) I wonder what happen to minneapolis ? ext . route 13 NORTH - long shot - cut on refugees - 538 sunrise walk along the roadside , dirty , unshaven , rag clothes , some carry shopping bag , some badly burn . a pickup truck drive toward camera , as one , two refugee run alongside . one be thrust away by a passenger 's arm , but the other succeed in cling to the window for a brief free ride ... more and more refu - gee , suburban survivor of the Kansas City holocaust , ~ move slowly but surely , no know destination , just away from the horror behind they . CUT in mccoy 538a the refugee cling to the pickup run board , speak through the window . mccoy do not bother . Hospital 's burn out in Holden . refugee # 3 where would you hear that ? mccoy I be there yesterday . get to get outta this fryin ' sun ... refugee open door , mccoy gratefully scramble in . int . pickup drive - driver , refugee # 3 , mccoy - same 538b mccoy watch refugee # 3 load the chamber of a revol - ver . Driver listen to a cb . huxley's voice . radiation level be still over fifteen rem a hour ... mccoy where 's he come from ? driver hampton . North of warrensburg . there 's a hospital there ... ( continued ) 538b 538c 538d 538e 538f 538g Rev. 5/7/82 147 . continued : 538b mccoy sure , sure , I hear that one before . if there be they sure as hell would not be advertising it . there Pov ahead 538c where a crowd of a dozen refugees cluster in a farmyard . refugee's voice pull over up ahead . farmyard - same - favor water pump 538d Old castiron hand pump beside a stone trough . refugees take turn drink from they cup hand , splash water over they face . one man -- cody -- keep push - ing in line , like a savage child . the other push he away . but he keep come right back ... favor mccoy 538e exite the truck , walk up to camera , watch ... favor cody 538f 25 , hair burnt off , overall , skin pink , parched lip , grunt , either feeble - minded or go crazy , the pariah . one man pelt he with a stone , pick up another to throw , until mccoy suddenly grab he arm , caution : mccoy do not do that . cody have take advantage of the moment to drop to he knee where the water drip . the crowd move back , in deference to the gun-tote refugee with mccoy . but this man return to the pickup anyway , drive off . mccoy pump water for cody , who drink like a fish . throw back in the ocean ... ext . road - tracking mccoy and cody - later 5386 walk together under the same tarp , mccoy have take he under he wing . ( continued ) 538g 539 through 545 546 547 548 549 550 Rev. 5/7/82 148 . continued : 5386 . mccoy you cost I my ride , you dumbie ! ( hand he half a candy bar ) here . cody wolf down the candy . pass two roadside body . mccoy ( continue ) : that 's you and I if we do not get to hampton . you hear I ? there 's a hospital in hampton . omitted , 539 through 545 er hampton hospital emergency entrance - refugees - 546 night ( 30 ) crowd around the door , agitate , as a volunteer wear a air-filter " riot " mask hold up he hand , indicate " slow down , " " no more . '' fallout shelter sign . some refugee push the volunteer aside ... int . emergency anteroom - handheld cut - same 547 on refugee push more volunteer , doctor aside , swarm through the shower area ... a fight break out ! int . MAIN corridor - handheld " walking " cut - same 548 through a throng of humanity ... stand , lie , sit - ting , die . the white of eye , the cry of child . Chaos . favor julian 549 push he way through the horde , desperate ... favor sterling and doctor # 2 550 in gauze mask , carry a sheet - cover body ... sterling move aside , please . please ...! Rev. 5/7/82 149 . 551 favor " admission " table - hachiya & wallenberg 551 oy i ) exhaust , stop enter refugee , jotting down name , make preliminary medical judgment . hachiya overhear adjoin refugee ( 30 , hair burn off ) giv - ing information to the next 0.8. doctor , turn sharply : refugee # 2 ... Blue Valley Park , Kansas City . hachtya '' I live near Blue Valley Park . how do you get out of there ? refugee # 2 I be not home when it happen . I be out in raytown , install a escalator . Dr. wallenberg watch the hope drain from hachiya 's face . but clearly the refugee have to unburden he - self ... refugee # 2 ( continue ) the whole building cave in and we be trap two level down . Heard the wind out there like a goddamn cyclone . we be down there a whole week and when we erawl out we look downtown and there be nothing leave except some building frame still smoking ... 552 follow hachiya 552 as he slowly turn away from the man into very close on wallenberg , camera tightening ... refugee be voice hachiya ( drift off ) my twin daughter be be walk three day ... start kindergarten . would not believe the they mother be buy thing we see ... thing they little plaid float down the river jumper at Blue Valley you would not know they mall . I tell she to be human or not ... dress they differently so they new school friend can tell they apart . you know ... ( more ) ( continued ) Rev. 5/7/82 150 . 552 continued : 552 hachiya ( cont 'd ) ( little smile ) -.. two little japanese girl . be not it absolutely incredible how identical twin form from two halve of a single egg ...? 553 . int . radiology - emergency spot - follow oake 553 - in surgical cap , urgently hurry past ... stop ~ by Julian , Austin , nurse # 2 . patient and refugee * be now crowded into this room as well . julian . Russell , seventeen people die in here this morning . I would say we be run a serious cholera risk ... austin * not to mention the body . the morgue 's fill . should we start use the garage ? oake be beginning to feel overwhelm by the mount - ing number , study they face intently , decide : oake move the terminal radiation patient back into the ward room , blind down . and make they as comfortable as possible . I will speak to jo huxley about ... nurse # 2 we be run very low on morphine . there 's be quite a lot of steal go on . julian they be steal food from the kitchen , too . a few minute ago Dr. strayhorn break he wrist try to break up a fight down in emergency ... 554 quick to close - oake 554 eye darting back and forth , impatient . finally .... oake Close the door ! C 555 556 557 Rev. 5/7/82 close - intercutting as they all look at each other . oake be somewhat shocked at he own hardheadedness . oake do not let anyone else in . put more guard on if you have to . how can we care for the patient we have if we have no control ? be not that what you have be try to tell I , Julian ? julian yes . but you be the doctor . Julian exit . oake feel weary , cynical . austin it 's the only thing you could do , Russ . people be go to die anyway . int . ambulance garage - four volunteer - night wear air filter " riot " mask lay sheet - cover body along the garage wall . watch . omitted pan to hachiya , 150a . 555 556 557 * '. ce '' 558 559 560 151 . int . another section of corridor - favor alison 558 as oake lean in , surgical cap , stethoscope she oake do br. miranda discuss caesarian section with you ? alison why ? L be wide enolgh . there 's nothing in the way . I be just wait here like everybody else . who know what for . oake maybe that 's why you be two week overdue . alison ( hand on belly ) if you be in utero and have any choice in the matter , would you be die to be bear into a world like this . oake and alison 559 as he study she . she resemble Marilyn , intelligent , passionate , disenchant . his face be paler , the burn darker , a film of dampness on he forehead . oake you think you baby 's decide whether or not to be bear ? alison you think I be hold back by force of will , Dr. oake ? bad toilet training ? oake I think you have get to be willing to let you baby come , whether you like it or not . you be hold back hope . alison hope , for what ? what do you think go to happen out there ....? tightening intercut - oake and alison 560 as she argument gradually batter he down , " bleed " he already fragile will . ( continued ) | 152 . 560 continued : 560 alison you think we will sweep up the dead , fill in the hole and rebuild a few supermarket ? you think everybody leave alive will say I be sorry ? be not my fault . kiss and make up ? we know what might happen . we know the score . we know all about oxide and isotope and insect and cancer ... oake I can not argue with you . om , oe ! alison lean forward , grip he hand , need comfort . alison argue with I . please . give I a reason . tell I about hope . tell I why you work so hard in here ... oake I do not know ... alison maybe it be not hope at all . maybe it 's just dumb blind faith . be that it ? do you believe in God ? oake be take aback , the question neither sardonic nor " religious . " he look down , then back . oake I do not know . I never be sure what that mean , believe in God . I do not believe there 's something up there responsible for all this or for the symmetry of nature , or ... plan my next move , if that 's what you mean . alison then why do you work so hard when it do no good ? oake I do not work to do good . I work to keep people from suffer . ( continued ) 560 561 562 563 Rev. 5/7/82 153. continued : ( 2 ) 560 alison even if they be go to die anyway ? oake be shake by the question . hesitates a moment . oake yes. int . hospital stairwell - dark - oake 561 make he way down toward camera , past people campe on the stair , oillamp . bauer appear on the landing above he , see oake falter , a wave of dizziness , grip the railing , then proceed by 0.8 .... int . huxley's lab - huxley 562 speak into a cb mike . huxley Clinton Baptist and pettis County hospital be completely overwhelm . the old wing at pettis collapse in the shockwave from sedalia . they be fight a fire at Clinton four day ago . I have no contact with they now . int . hospital radiology lab - intercut oake 563 speak to huxley on the cb . bauer enter b.g- oake can you building function as a hospital ward ? huxley's voice have you get the medical staff ? oake Limited , yes . I be think of two section : a hospice , and a ward for patient get better . we will also need lab space for make penicillin . huxley well , I do not know anything ab ... ( continued ) + be 563 564 565 Rev. 5/7/82 , 154 . continued : 563 oake ' voice . from synthetic compound , six-aminopenicillanic acid . Dr. wallenberg know all about it ... timecut oake 564 slump over the cb , start to rise , stagger with a wave of nausea , face to the wall . bauer take he arm . bauer be you all right ? surprise she be there , nod quickly , eye frighten : oake tire . beginning to see the humor in all this . ant in a ant hill , keep get step on . tighter cut favoring bauer 565 as she take out a small envelope ; tap out a few grey capsule , offer one . oake be perplex . : bauer go on . most of the staff 's take they . oake ( relic outrage ) who 's signing this out ...? beat ; quiet chuckle . bauer who else ? the chief of ant pharmacology . he watch she put they away , study bauer anew , she profile . 4 oake two week together in a room full of picture of people 's inside and I do not know anything about you ... ( continued ) 565 on uae 566 567 568 569 155 . continued : 565 bauer we lose a adopt child six year ago and never forgive each other ... oake be silence , humble . she avert she eye . bauer ( continue ) he sell software system , ride amateur rodeo and drink a lot of rye . so I do not have a lot of nice picture to remember like you . I suppose that should make it easier for I . ( beat ) but it do not . I wish like hell it be two week ago when I leave for my eleven - to - seven shift and never even say goodbye . she look up at he , give a vulnerable little shrug . oake and bauer feel a strong bond between they . we half - expect they to reach and touch each other , but before we know ... int . dahlberg cellar - ( dark ) - cut jim , eve , david 566 sleep . a cricket chirp . distant bizarre music indicate " sensory deprivation " dungeon unreality .. super : " september 30 " close - DENISE 567 reptile - alert , stuff - animal pillow , half suck she thumb , a mindless feral gaze . now , she draw to a crouch , slowly start edging across the dirt floor . -. favor close - david 568 asleep , two - week beard , as denise study he up close , dispassionate , then slowly lie down , press in against he . he stir ... she kiss he neck , the side of he head , reach down ... around he . close cut - DENISE & david 569 as he rouse , suddenly realize what 's happen , cock he head ( to see who it be ) ... make a move to disentangle himself . but denise hold he fast , insistent . not a single word . ( continued ) ) 569 570 571 572 573 574 575 Rev. 5/7/82 156. continued : 569 he start to whisper , she cover he mouth , run a finger between he lip , along he gum ... he look off into the darkness , intensely aware of she " sleep " parent , then submit , kiss she , first tenderly ... same - long toward DENISE & david 570 barely see in the light ... Pov of ... very close - jolene 571 watch they , eye round with anger and jealousy ... flashlight pop on 572 blind camera in the silence ... DENISE & david 573 -squint into the painfully bright light ... favor jim 574 bearded , hold the flashlight , stoic . after two week in a " mineshaft , " " it be hard to summon moral outrage . he look at they , then swing the light ... across jolene . erawl to the supply shelf , open a jar , help himself to some beef jerky ... ladle some water over the back of he neck , brushes he tooth ... favor jolene 575 look about to throw a tantrum over she father 's indifference . but no one say word , until ... jim corn will be a dead loss this year . should have harvest ten day ago . David do not know whether Jim be psychotic or merely matter - of - fact , glance at jolene for confirmation . she stare back with jealousy . jim ( continue ) cow can not graze . contaminate the milk , well as themselves . ( continued ) * 575 576 '' 577 578 579 580 Rev. 5/7/82 157 . continued : 575 eve we be lucky to be alive . jim we will see how lucky that be . david ~ I would like to stay on and help with what need to be do . cut - favor jim 576 as he give David a cynical look , indicate denise . everyone react sharply to SOUND of footstep overhead . _ Jim take the shotgun , heave it toward David . jim how about start now . david no one 's come down here . ( listen keenly ) squatter . the footstep lurch past overhead , then stop , scrape ... then a body thump to the floor , slamming against the door . silence again , except for ... quick close - cricket 577 chirping along the edge of the wall ... omitted 578 int . hospital - MAIN corridor ( dark ) - high 579 there be a stir ' among the people campe in the hall - way . some daylight intrude from hard room ... julian' voic ( loudspeaker ) : the radiation count be now point - four rems a hour , which the Health Department consider safe for limited exposure outdoors ... omitted 580 oo re 581 582 583 584 585 586 587 Rev. 5/7/82 158 . int . hospital - kitchen - cut among refugees 581 -stir in daylight , some confuse , blink , uncer - tain , some make they way out . some sit hunch , refuse to be budge by beckone hand ... julian' voice we urge all of you not suffer from physical injury to seek fresh shelter in campus building ... int . science build basement - huxley 582 step out into the hall , see a corridor of student milling about in the light , two week of trash , the floor aswim with trash and waste . someone start playing a harmonica . a couple start a little cabaret dance ... cut among face 583 gaunt , bearded , dirty , stringy hair , some cry ... close - huxley and holly 584 watch . a cut 's shaft of sunlight sting they eye as ... someone push open a doorway at the top of a flight of stair ... ext . hospital front entrance - crowd of face - day 585 move out into the sunlight , squinting . two volunteer guard remove they air-filter mask . fallout shelter sign . as the face recover from the harsh light , read - just , they expression mirror first relief ( tentative , incipient joy ! ) ... then unease , fear ... quick tilt up 586 through branch of a defoliate tree , backlit by in - tense sunshine ... slow tilt down to a army of refugees 587 campe on the step , in the street , under makeshift tent on the town green , wait to get into the hos - pital . the infirm lie like battle - wounded , several body lie ignore to the side ... burn face ... a few pace mad in serious conversation with themselves ... ft of ae 588 589 590 591 592 through 595 596 Rev. 5/7/82 . 159 . favor sterling and austin 588 * stare out , astound , as several shelteree , face pale as moonlight , move past into daylight . Doctor # 2 clearly can not cope with this spectacle -- a army of the doom -- pinch he lip , repulse , turn back inside ... int . corridor - camera sneaking close - oake - day 589 watch the shelteree move toward the block of bright daylight . oake do not look well , a expression of wisdom beyond despair , almost ascetic . Austin come up * to hin . austin * have you see what 's out there ? oake yes . austin * what be we go to do ? oake we be go to let they in , Paul -- as many as we can . Austin look at oake as if he 's a mad saint . he see * the sickness in he eye , choose not to debate he change of heart , walk on by ... int . college gymnasium - high shot slowly open over 590 dolly past cot - day cot in row , patient , nurse ... the student carry in more cot , metal bed frame . hachiya give a injection ... int . dorm lounge ( # 208 , above ) - pan refugees - day 591 family , crowd into the room . enter student , Aldo among they , give the newcomer hostile look ... omitted 592 * through 595 * int , hospital garage - volunteer - day 596 gauze mask , load sheet - cover body into a ambu - * fance , drive out ... more stack along the wall . 597 of 598 599 600 601 602 Rev. 5/7/82 160 . ext . graveyard - dolly along row of crude hole - day 597 be dig by volunteer in mask , each hole mark by a wooden numbered stake . the area be adjacent to a legitimate cemetery . volunteer lower a body into a hole , a tag tie to the stake . camera pass a score of sheet - cover body line up for burial . hold on a pickup truck back toward camera . another volunteer drop the tailgate , revealing another cargo of corpse ... ext . hampton MAIN STREET - t/p on line of refugees 598 thronging into town , some on bicycle . face move in - and - out of focus , as they appear to labor without pro - gress toward camera . pickup and hold focus on mccoy and cody . we do not immediately recognize they . they appear to be hold each other up . mccoy have lose most of he hair , grow a scraggly two - week beard , drag a gimpy right leg . tatter Air Force shirt . cody 's eye be gaunt , look to mccoy for guidance . ext . hampton town GREEN - handheld - mccoy and cody 599 just another couple of nuclear hobo , wander among refugee , tent , spot a man sell can from a burlap bag . mccoy press forward ... mccoy whatcha get ? the man show mccoy a can of cat food . mccoy show he a handful of pill . they deal . omitted 600 int . HOTEL ballroom - mccoy - later 601 in line with other refugees , nudging cody along , come eye- to-eye with a muscular volunteer , red armband , hold the line back ... time CUT - mccoy and cody 602 sit face a clerk across a table . clerk name ? mccoy mccoy , Leonard . airman second class . ( continued ) Rev. 5/7/82 161. 602 continued : 602 . CO clene Home ? mecoy whiteman Air Force base , sedalia , Missouri . this here 's cody ... clerk one at a time . mccoy look here -- my friend can not speak . ; __gluerk what 's you injury ? mccoy can not hold nuthin ' in ... ( pull hair , joke ) include my hair . I get this funny bruise , like . look at the skin on cody . I know we get radiation sickness . the thing be , can you get over it ? '' cuerk we will have a doctor speak to you . where be you during the attack on Saturday the fourteenth ? mccoy on-site duty near sweetsage . do not know where cody be . clerk refer to a map feature a number of code flower - like circular configuration ... clerk and do you seek shelter immediately ? mccoy well , I have to get the hell out of there first ... ( beat ) call I a deserter if you like . but they take a direct hit . just like sedalia . gaunt eye lower , brow furrow . now he look back up , '' proud , guilty and afraid . 603 through 605 606 606a 607 Rev. 5/7/82 162-163 . omitted 603 ~ through 605 int . hospital ward corridor - oake - day 606 walk along the corridor still pack with people . he reel briefly , dizzy , the light too bright . a radio voice rise b.g~ , " radiation " theme building ... official' voice ( radio ) ..- Boston , New York , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington ... intercut oake ' Pov ahead 606 the whole hallway slowly tilt off-horizon , daylight at the end of the hallway blind in its radiance , etch - ing the figure in the hall abstract chiaroscuro form . bauer directly approach camera , give we a funny ook ... bauer Dr. oake ...? intercut julian , volunteer , austin , bauer 607 they face " buoy " before we , voice overlap ... ( continued ) * fm , Los i 607 608 609 610 611 612 continued : official' voice . San Diego , Los Angeles , San Francisco , Portland , Seattle ... Travel into this city and they metropolitan area be strictly prohibit to all but military , medical , energy and supply personnel authorize by the National emergency reconstruction administration or you regional emergency operate Center ... 164 . 607 voice ... contend with the number of body , the time require for individual burial ... danger of infection ... only solution be to prepare public grave outside of town ... Paul here think it should be a town decision but no one seem to know who the so-called ' local authority 's be , while the body problem be most certainly ours ... oake 608 turn he head to the wall , begin to slump to the floor ... intercut bauer 609 run up , reach in slow motion to catch he ... as voice recede , replace by sublime , " narcotize ' music , lulling we into ... dissolve to : ext . dream state - SUN through branch 610 of overhead " dream " tree , as helen ( oake ' wife ) , oh so beautiful in a halo of soft white light , bend over camera , tenderly caress we brow . music over ... int . hospice ward - close oake - day 611 hospital gown , pale , bear , eye look up ( at " helen " ) full of long and delirium . we be in a improvise ward , a Science Building lecture hali . thirty bed and cot occupy by the '' cerminally " ill . oake try to reach up , past the minister arm of ... favor nurse bauer 612 tend oake , wiping he brow , look down with infinite care and devotion . as the music recede , we hear a newscaster's voice in the b.g. ( continued ) 612 om , ha ! 613 Rev. 5/7/82 continued : newscaster's voice . retaliatory blow to the Soviet Union , particularly the city of Moscow , leningrad , Kiev , kirishi , volgograd , omsk , archangel , gorki , rostov , sverdlovsk , tomsk and khabarovsk ... ( beat ) . ceasefire agreement also serve notice on any other nation attempt to exploit what they may erroneously conclude to be the current vulnerability of the United States and the Soviet Union , both of whom retain substantial number of nuclear weapon , more than enough to punish decisively the ambition of any would - be aggressor ... oake you be not helen . bauer . she nod . he surroundings , resign . oake ( continue ) 165 . 612 oake helen ... ? ( beat ) where 's Marilyn ? .. bauer Marilyn ? oake ( confuse ) she 's overdue . bauer oh , alison ransom . oake ( hopeful ) be she deliver ? bauer not yet . Sam hachiya 's keep a eye on she . his face seem to clear a little , recognize bauer . you be Nancy oake look around , now seem to be aware of this be a hospice , be not it . so Paul think I be die . maybe I be . maybe ... whole world 's die ... closer - favor oake 613 as he lapse into delirium again , mutter ... oake oh , why ... why be we kill ourselves ... why do man die out so sudden ... thirty thousand year ... paint himself into ... the paleolithic ... landscape ... 614 615 616 617 618 619 166 . favor jo huxley 614 now stand beside bauer , look down toward camera . huxley Dr. oake ? ( beat ) I be jo huxley . we have speak often . but we have never meet . oake just stare at huxley , confuse , a frighten animal . huxley squat down , study he closely , squeeze he hand , before move 0.5 . mccoy's voice where 's mar shirt ? nurse ? where 's mar ... ? favor mccoy 615 in adjoin bed , very thin , lose he hair , fishing around under he bed , among the sheet . bauer take he af shirt from a hook on the wall , hold it open for he to slip on . mccoy now notice ... intercut oake 616 lie down , watch mccoy button up he shirt , feel better already . mccoy twist he head a little to see oake better , give he a wink , a thumb - up high -sign . mccoy hang in there , doc. without expression , oake listlessly lift a thumb . ext . dahlberg farm - quick high establishing - day 617 as distant church bell ring ... int . dahlberg cellar stair - cut on jim , eve - same 618 as Jim try push open the door to the kitchen , en- counter resistance . through the erack in the door , we see a man 's body . Eve recoil in disgust , hold a hand over she mouth ... int . dahlberg kitchen - jim , david , jolene - day 619 emerge into the kitchen , aswarm with angry fly . ( continued ) 619 620 621 622 623 624 625 626 627 628 Rev. 5/7/82 . 167 . continued : 619 jolene rush for the back door and fresh air . cough , hold they mouth , Jim and David drag the corpse toward the door ... ( church bell over ... ) ext . dahlberg yard - david - day 620 heave open the cyclone cellar door , help Danny out into sumlight ( still blindfolded ) ... denise emerge , pale and unsteady ... close - jim 621 devastate , wince , look out across ... brief pan - pasture 622 where three cow graze among several dead one ... int . dairy barn - cut on dead cow - same 623 as one or two stagger , mooing ( bell over ... ) favor sow and piglet 624 dead . quick - jim and jolene 625 ext . barnyard - eve and DENISE - day 626 work the hand pump , Eve help denise to drink from the flow of water . but denise start cough , can not stop ... close - jim 627 husk a ear of corn , angrily hurl it 0.s.... SOUND of distant church bell ext . lutheran church - close on bell - day 628 ringing ... 1 cy 629 630 631 632 Rev. 5/7/82 168 . cut among pickup , chevy , tethered horse 629 on church lawn . some latecomer hold handkerchief to they mouth , wide hat over head , Missouri license plate : " show I state . " rev . walker' voice there be a great earthquake , and the sun become black as sackcloth , the full moon become like blood ... int . lutheran church - cut on several face - day 630 fifty people scattered among the pews , mostly farm family , pale , haunt , the man bearded , overall , un - kempt , some have make the token gesture toward dig - nity , a necktie , a brooch . fly buzz mercilessly . some folk be plainly ill , eye unfocus , skin blotched ... rev . walker' voice ... and the star of the sky fall to earth as the fig tree shed its winter fruit when shake by a gale ... everyone , slave and free ... favor rev . WALKER 631 in pulpit , black robe , hair and beard cropped scissor - short , recite revelation with accusatory zeal , the break window behind he . rev . WALKER ... hide in the cave and among the rock of the mountain , say , " fall on we and hide we from the face of he that sitteth on the throne , for the day of he wrath be come . 's he look up , survey the congregation . rev . WALKER ( continue ) for three week we have hide from nuclear fallout . have we be hide , too , from his judgment ? close pan - jolene , jim , DENISE , eve , danny , david 632 sit together in a middle pew . ( continued ) 632 ' ) 633 634 635 & 636 637 Rev. 5/7/82 ~ 169 . continued : 632 - denise be fast lose she strength , she eye swim . Danny glance protectively along the pew ... rev . walker' voice when the Lamb open the seventh seal , there be silence in Heaven for about half a hour . then the first angel blow he trumpet ... back to close - WALKER 633 eye fierce , splaying hand skyward ... rev . WALKER ... and there follow hail and fire mix with blood which fall upon the earth , and a third of the earth be burnt up , a third of the tree and all the green grass . time CUT favor jolene and jim 634 and panning slowly to denise , rigid , eye scared , as something terrible be happen inside she . David be alarmed to see ... . rev . WALKER then from the smoke come locust on the earth with the power of scorpion .. and they be tell not to harm ... omitted 635 & 636 close - bench pew 637 where denise 's skirt be soaking red-brown , a pool of blood on the floor at she foot ... rev . walker' voice ... the grass of the earth or any green tree but only they ... +e % 638 639 640 641 642 643 Rev. 5/7/82 170 . very close - WALKER 638 put he fist against he forehead . rev . WALKER .. who have not the seal of God upon they brow ! cut favor dahlbergs 639 as denise utter a weak " Mom ... ? " the other now see the hemorrhage . Eve catch she breath . Jim rise , try to lift denise . congregation become aware ... rev . walker' voice be we here today count among God 's servant ? we give thanks to thee , o Lord God almighty ... close - WALKER 640 eye close , oblivious to the commotion . rev . WALKER ... for reward thy servant and that who fear thy name , both great and small , and for destroy the destroyer of the earth . long favor dahlberg 641 as Jim carry denise down the side aisle , the rest of the family follow , David lead Danny ... rev . WALKER will you salvation bring peace and heal wisdom , or you damnation bring anarchy and the cancer of despair ? omitted 642 ext . lutheran church - handheld follow jim - day 643 as he lay denise , semi-conscious , across the front seat of a pickup . jolene be cry . Eve embrace denise , rock she ... jim pettis County 's close down . david there 's University Hospital in hampton . Jim start to climb into the pickup . ( continued ) 643 643a 644 645 646 Rev. 5/7/82 171. continued : 643 jim the road around Clinton be all blow out . david I know hampton . you stay here . I will ride she in on horseback . Eve and Jim exchange a apprehensive glance ... time CUT favor DENISE 6434 scarf , straw hat , as she be lift into the foresaddle by David , Jim . two canvas water bag . jim denise ? you hear I , chicken ...? Jim walk back to Danny , hat , glove , blindfold , astride another horse , lead by David . jim ( continue ) you take good care of you sister -- hear ? Jim hug Danny hard . very high long - steeple Pov - dahlbergs 644 below , follow briefly , as David , hold denise in front of he , ride out onto the road , lead Danny 's horse . when Jim hold Eve back , jolene run alongside the horse ... rev . walker' voice then the angel show I the river of the water of life , bright as a crystal , flow from the throne of god. through the middle of the street of the city . and on either side of the river , the tree of life . and the leave of the tree be the heal of the nation ... ext . farm highway - david - day 645 on horseback , denise lean back against he . he tilt she hat to protect she face from the sun . Danny riding quietly behind . there Pov ahead 646 farm landscape , but along the roadside , two body ... farther along , two men in Army fatigue , gauze mask , glove , lift a body into the back of a truck ... 647 648 648a 648b 648c 648d 648e 648f Rev. 5/7/82 172 . david 647 look ahead , sicken , glance at Danny , denise , glad they can not see ... time CUT Pov ahead - scorched field 648 blacken crop , some animal carcass , old barn frame , char telephone pole ... danny's voice what do you see ? david oh. cormnfield . telephone pole . the usual stuff . time CUT Pov ahead - another road 648a crack , break , where a young '' hobo " stand beside a ° overturn car . as we approach , four other rush out toward Pov hold stick , tire iron ... quick to david 648b surprise , grip denise , shout back ... david Danny ! hold on tight ! . and kick the horse out across a field ... longer - five refugees 648c chase the two horse ... ext . farm landscape - very long - moon - night 648d light a desolate landscape , burnt - out farm . David ride into scene , Danny behind he ... ext . hampton - david be " horseback " Pov - day 648e pass the " tent city , " refugees encampe in the square , the street ... loudspeaker voice all citizen of bannock Hill will be issue emergency identification card at ten o‘clock tomorrow morning in the high school gymnasium ... favor david 648f on horseback , denise now slump behind he , eye close , pale , breathe hard ... Rev. 5/7/82 173 . 648g ext . hampton square - handheld - david - moment later 648g : move on foot among the refugees .... toward the front of the hospital . a Police cruiser pass through scene , smythe 's voice issue from a loudspeaker ... this be David 's first direct encounter with victim of nuclear blast . several panhandle , reach out ... burn face , craze eye , one man with a distore mouth ... refugee # 3 smythe's voice you staff ?... staff ?... ... after register you get I in ...? for the refugee resettlement program ... david you mean you be all «+. you must present wait to get in there ? this card to be eligible for food ration ... he look over the crowd , realize they be all wait to get into the hospital , start run forward ... 648h favor entrance 648h where three volunteer , beefy , gauze mask , red armband , sidearm , guard the entrance . David maneuver for a open . one volunteer stop he . david I have just bring in two seriously ill patient from ... ' volunteer I be sorry . you be go to have to wait like ... david one of they 's go to die if you do not ... volunteer ( quietly ) they be die in here too ... David bolt by he , into the hospital . 648-l int . hospital - MAIN corridor - handheld cut - 648-1 david - night run along main corridor , a volunteer in pursuit . there be still a number of bed and cot in the hallway , but more orderly , ward door open ... Rev. 5/7/82 174 . * 648j david 648 I round a corner , as the volunteer catch up , grab he from behind , swing he around ... he spot hachiya . david doctor. remember I ? volunteer he break in line . david I be not here for myself , I be ... hachiya joplin . want to be a doctor . hachiya give volunteer the " okay - go - away " '' sign . 648k int . science build - dolly favor danny - night 648k walk blindfolded , a hand on denise 's hospital cart ( transfusion bottle ) . hachiya quietly confide to David ( although Danny understand what 's go on ... ) hachtiya she 's too sick to remain in a ... a remedial ward . this be a special ward . they arrive at a empty cot . nurse bauer help hachiya move denise from the cart . hachiya now see oake two bed down , inert . mccoy be curl foetus-like in the next bed , breathe hard . david what about Danny ? hachtya he will come back with I . Danny feel denise be move , grab she shoulder , : feel toward she hand , announce : danny I be stay here . hachiya ( firmly ) no you be not . 648l close - danny's hand 648l hold onto denise . now , she turn she hand over , give Danny 's a little pat . he let go ... ~~ wr , 649 through 655 656 657 658 659 660 Rev. 5/7/82 175 . omitted 649 through 655 ext . bannock hill - start town hall - dusk 656 ( establish early , scene 71 . ) clattier of approaching helicopter ... favor helicopter 657 settle toward camera ... parking lot . a party of five official exite , shaking hand with Rev. Walker , some local official ... int . town meeting hall - crane over " farmer " - dusk 658 most of the man in town . we see Jim dahlberg among they , third row , he neighbor , brand and jensen . agronomist's voice . burn out you current crop , start decontaminate the soil , and plan next spring 's plant . favor table - panel 659 at the front of the room . Rev. Walker , mayor , agronomist , two other local official ( smythe , kelton ) . all wear red armband . agronomist crop selection must consider plant least susceptible to ultraviolet radiation , and yield for human rather than anima 's consumption . favor jensen 660 beside Jim , raise he hand , then rise . jensen Excuse I , mel , but how do you go about decontaminate the soil ? ( continued ) 5/7/82 176 . 660 continued : , 660 . agronomist well , you chiefly wait for the fallout to decay to safe enough level to either plow under or scrape off the top layer ... for jensen how do we know what safe be ? agronomist we will have a nera task force advise each county agricultural cooperative ... brand whisper harshly to brand Task force ? where the hell 's he think they be come from ? Jim rise . jim when you talk about crop for B fuman consumption , what about my : livestock ? how do I feed my cow ? agronomist well , Jim , you number be pretty well deplete to begin with and ... kelton give the critically short supply of human food -- understand this be go to be a life - and - death '' race between supply and demand -- we be just go to have to channel animal feed to human need . agronomist except for dairy cow that pass muster . and certain poultry . brand be on he foot . brand can you explain what you mean by scraping off the top 'layer of my topsoil ? 661 omitted 661 for '' 662 663 664 - Rev. 5/7/82 177 . intercut closer - jim , smythe , brand . 662 smythe exactly that , Jim . you take off the top four or five inch ... jim yeah , and take it where ? you be talk ahundre - fifty , two hundred acre a man in here ... smythe no deny it 's go to be a big problem . jim Big 's one thing . be realistic 's another . suppose you find a hold ' big ' enough to toss all this dead dirt into , what kind of topsoil 's that go to leave you for grow anything ? smythe and the agronomist exchange glance , indicate that the real problem be Jim 's temper -- which only inflame Jim more ... jim ' ( continue ) where would you get all this valuable information , John -- out of one of this government pamphlet !? CUT on farmer ' face 663 as several neighbor try to calm Jim , succeed in pull he back to he seat . voice sit down , Jim . someone 's get to be in charge . favor kelton 664 another local official , red armband , rise . kelton fellas , we be talk catastrophe here , not life as usual . the National emergency reconstruction adminstration 's first priority be _ to establish order and aid you in salvage you resource for the country at large . ( continued ) . 664 665 666 through 672 673 Rev. 5/7/82 17 continued : he pause a moment , look over the face , to see that they catch he drift . kelton ( continue ) the task force will be issue its commodity and livestock recruitment quotas for St. Clair county ... favor jim , brand , jensen as Jim , do a slow burn , whisper harshly to brand : jim now what 's he talk about ? brand b.g. voice how many cow and how can you eat the meat much grain they be of a animal with gonna come and cart radiation sickness ? 8 . 664 665 ce off . kelton be voi - jim meat 's all right if my cow ? rou cook it enough to ill any bacterial jensen infection . the animal oh , they will pay you for probably ingest they . geuine promissory fallout while graze note . redeemable at so the strontium - 90' you local bank . in the milk or the bone , not the muscle brand tissue itself . which be close until further notice . jim ( a , gry ) oh yeah ? and what if I do not let they take my cow ? omitted ext . dahlberg farmyard - truck light - night turn into yard , drive up to camera , stop . pan to Jim get out , head toward house , look .0.5. , stop . 666 through 672 673 [ c noe 674 675 676 677 678 679 Rev. 5/7/82 179 . he Pov ~ long toward pasture 674 where a small bonfire burn in the distance , some shadowy figure move nearby ... '' back to close on jim . 675 squinting , furious , reach back into truck cab , pull shotgun from rear window rack , head past camera , check - ing the breech ... he handheld Pov - approaching 676 firelight , move figure ... jim hey ! who be you out there ...? favor five young refugees 677 by firelight , three men , one woman , a child . dirt face , scraggly hair ( one with no hair at all ) . hey be cooking the flank of a cow on a crude spit , two of they already eat meat from the bone , hand and face shiny with grease . Stone ager . they look up in alarm at Jim 's voice . one go for the axe ( use to slaughter the animal ) , another for the double - barrel sling over he shoulder ... the other already retreat - ing into the darkness ... quick favor farmhouse - long on eve and jolene 678 step out the back door , wonder at the noise ... back to handheld - favor jim 679 approach group near fire , astound , now further distract by ... on we 1 680 681 682 683 684 685 686 Rev. 5/7/82 180 . antercut he Pov - another group ( rustlers ) 680 silhouettes run in the dark , lead a cow on a rope ... back to jim : 681 enraged , run , lift he shotgun ... jim stop where you be or I will shoot ! . angle the barrel 30° into the air -- blast ! favor bonfire group 682 as the woman grab up the child in terror , back off , the man with the shotgun protect they ... there Pov - jim 683 emerge into the light . ( note : not run directly toward camera , but rather diagonally across scene , pursue the rustler . ) we see another flash -blast ! from Jim 's shotgun ( but can not tell the direction of he fire ) . quick back to bonfire refugee 684 with shotgun , terrify , leveling he weapon , eye wide , and fire ! a split-second later ... low angle - favor jim dahlberg ( slow motion ) 685 catch the blast in he side , body swim up against the sky , shotgun arcing gracefully away ... the blast reverberating like thunder across the plain ... as Jim now sink ' 0.s. leave only star in the night sky . fade out . fade in : / int . hospital ward - danny's Pov ( day ) 686 start screen black as unfocus light dapple through ... hachiya's voice tell I what you see . 686 687 Rev. 5/7/82 181. 's continued : 686 danny's voice I see light , all blurry ... hachiya's voice good . beat 's see nothing . the light grow too bright ( layer be remove ) ... danny's voice no . no , that 's too much ... favor SAM hachiya 687 pause , wind the bandage back over the eyepad . Danny be just lowering he hand ... danny it hurt the inside of my eye . hachiya no sweat . we will wait . raise the shade a little at a time . danny be you really a doctor ? you sure do not talk like one . hachiya actually , I be the pizza-man . but business be lousy this day . Danny half -grins . Sam talk a good game , straight . danny what 's you name ? hachiya Sam . danny I know that part . I mean you whole name . hachiya Sam hachiya . ( pron : ha-chee - ya. ) danny what kind of name be that ? ( continued ) 687 688 689 690 691 692 Rev. 5/7/82 182. continued : 687 hachiya what 's it sound like ? danny I do not know . italian ? hachiya there you go . whadda ya know . Sam hachiya pizzeria . danny when can I see my sister ? hachiya when you can see . int . hospice ward - extreme close - oake ' eye - day 688 open , alert . slowly OPEN from the shimmer iris , the eye clear , curious , look about . oake have lose most of he hair , but look healthier . he see ... he Pov - a nurse 689 nearly upside down to camera , adjust a iv , move around to right - side - up , see we look . she be not Nancy bauer . favor oake 690 raise himself a bit , look around , notice the empty adjoin bed -- where mccoy be . favor DENISE 691 two bed down , sit up , almost all she hair be go , just a soft fuzz remain . she look back at oake across the empty bed . ext . burial site - start priest & bulldozer - day 692 the Priest pronouce a benediction over glimpsis of white sheet in the bottom of a trench , which the bulldozer be fill with a pile of dirt ... pan to a backhoe , scoop dirt , make a fresh trench ... 693 694 695 696 697 698 699 700 701 through 705 : Rev. 5/7/82 183 . favor david 693 in the freshly - dig trench , gauze mask , bandana , red _ armband , sweat in the sun , look up , reach with glove hand to help lower a sheet - cover form into the the new trench . he work chain - gang fashion with other volunteer . one check name on a clipboard , which he offer to another for a signature ... favor sheet -covered form 694 as a wind gust blow a sheet partially away , revealing a Air Force shirt . David look , then tuck the sheet back in place , hear from above ... mack garyly ) best job in emergency . extra beer ration . and no one die on this detail . omitted 695 ex hampton - near square - dolly past soldier - 696 ( 30 ) jump down from the back of a Army truck , fall - ing into formation before a bark sergeant . they ' wear helmet - liner , mask -pack , m16' ... david 697 walk past the Soldiers . he wear a little woolen cap , red armband . Witness to the new regime . ext . supermarket parking lot - trailer truck - dusk 698 park in a supermarket lot , 100 people line up before two table , filing past the truck ... David watch . ext . refugee campground - handheld ~- david - night 699 at the head of a food line , show he id , accept a cupful of something resembling cream corn , look in not know what it be , eat without complaint , plastic spoon , notice the other passive face in line . cleo mackey 700 eat she cream corn , sit against a tree , while she baby nurse ... omitted 701 through 705 706 707 708 709 Rev. 5/7/82 184. ext . trailer truck - parking lot - ration table - day 706 where a soldier accept Aldo 's ration coupon , stamp they , issue a chit , point towards .... closer - truck - soldier 707 accept chit , hand out bag of sugar , flour , powder milk , packet of lard . finally , one hold up he hand : no more . favor woman # 2 708 hold out she chit . - woman what do you mean : no more ? I get three chit for powder milk and two kid have not eat since day before yesterday ... cut among soldier and citizen 709 soldier # 2 I be sorry , lady , what do you want I to do ... want to come in here and look around at all the stuff we be hide ...? voice yeah , I will come in and take a look ... half empty when you open the damn door . there will be another truck in town tomorrow ... sure , sure , that 's what you be say all week ... some citizen start climb up into the truck , the Soldiers half - hearedly push they back off . some stone and bottle be hurl against the side of the truck . a scuffle begin .... several citizen converge on a man carry several bag of foodstuff . - voice ( continue ) look what they give Henry here ... this be a week 's coupon for two family -- sid Holderness 's wife get sick and he 's ... yeah , you know what that leave I ... ? they start grab at he " purchase " ... e 710 711 712. 713 714 715 & 716 717 718 Rev. 5/7/82 185 . ouick - bag of flour 710 hit the asphalt , explode white powder ...! back to scene _ 711 as angy without stalk the with , start grab they food . more bag break . a riot break out , spontaneous combustion ... David jostle in the crowd , push and shove , people fall down ... favor . telephoto soldier 712 push into the crowd , riot mask , tear gas cannister exploding ... some in the crowd hurl back the smoking bomb , bag of flour ... shot be fire skyward ... favor woman # 2 713 run among other , duck behind a car . a bearded man loom up , startling she , thrust a packet of food into she arm without a word , run off ... favor close david 714 watch . running feet drive David 0.5 .... omitted 715 . & 716 int . hospital corridor - tracking oake 717 along corridor , still crowded with bed , people sit along the wall . he wear a robe , hospital gown , much thin , most of he hair go , scruffy beard , deepset eye . daylight from outer room . turn down side corridor . approaching windowed door - hachiya 718 in surgery , come into view , medical team ... 719 720 721 Rev. 5/7/82 186 . int . surgical washroom - favor oake 719 dry -shave , watch f.g. hachiya " serub out , " from pail of water hinge on a shelf . oake where 's Nancy bauer ? favor hachtya 720 as he keep scrubbing a moment , then stop , turn and give oake a long , expressionless sideways look . intercut oake 721 read the glance . numb . Voice croak a little : oake well tell I , Sam . what be it ? hachiya ( sharply ) meningitis . I do not know . we can not afford the luxury of autopsy around here . oake watch Sam go back to wash . oake turn , * regards he stricken face in the mirror , pull on he shirt , start buttone the cuff . now , hachiya turn to he , remorseful . spontaneously , the man grip each other 's forearm , silent understanding . oake return to dress , he clothes baggy on he thin frame . hachiya light a cigarette . hachiya you should not go back to work right away . oake Doctor 's order ? hachiya rights . oake all right . I ' 11 take some time off , see the sight . hachiya sure . take a little trip for yourself . Nice time of the year , fall . where be you think of go . oake Kansas City . 722 723 724 Rev. 5/7/82 187 . quick to very close shot - favor hachiya 722 _look sharply , do not think that 's very fumny . but he see that oake be dead serious . oake see he in - tense reaction . oake be not you curious ? do not you wonder about it , Sam ? why do not you come with I ? : hachiya ( threaten ) I be not go back there . ( glance ; . beat ) they probably will not let you in anyway - oake watch hachiya fight a battle with he own memory . int . hospice ward - long shot toward david - day 723 stand at the door , hair mess up , a bruise ... favor DENISE 724 sit up in bed , a pink ribbon around she neck . she be flanke by two empty bed , only inert human form in the other bed . twist to include David enter , quietly overjoy to see she . she quickly " smooth " she cheek , straighten she hospital gown . they just look at each other a moment . DENISE you look like you fall off you bike . she instantly realize who she be talk about , look haunt , then worried , then manage to smile again . David look at he dirty clothes . david it 's all push - and - shove out there . DENISE what have they get you do ? david emergency detail . hauling food , pitching tent , a little bit of everything . ( continued ) on nee . ce 724 725 726 Rev. 5/7/82 188 . continued : 724 DENISE how 's Danny ? danny okay . patch be come off today . Doctor say I can take you home in a day or two . DENISE phone work yet ? david no. DENISE they ... give I this ribbon . but I have not get any damn hair to tie it to . david you look great . int . hospital ward - start close - alison - day ( same ) 725 lean against a wall , hand on belly , look out the window . Long red hair , pale skin , no makeup . she look suddenly this way , rivet we ( conceal she surprise ) . alison well , God life . intercut oake 726 stand there in he baggy clothes , pleased to see she , ignore she cynicism . she be half - regretful : alison well . not god. lazarus , maybe . oake Dr. hachiya tell I there 's a strong heartbeat , even 2a healthy burp or two ... unamuse , '' hore , " she look back intently into the sky . alison all that nitrogen oxide be turn the ozone layer into molecular oxygen . ( more ) _( continued ) nec 726 727 728 rev ... 5/7/82 189-192 . continued : 726 alison ( cont '' D ) ( turn ) you know what that mean ? oake he also tell I you may be a month off in you math . which would bring you to term any day now ... alison it mean the sun 's ultraviolet ray would filter right back through the stratosphere and ... very close intercut - alison and oake 727 as she stop , regret she attack on this kind and bat - tere man . she lower she head in shame , admit : alison I be glad to see you . int . danny's hospital ward - start close on danny - 728 day as the blindfold be slowly remove ... eyepad ... hachiya's voice any light will hurt at first ... so I have get some dark glass for you to wear , just like a movie star . danny be the sun real bright in here ? hachiya pal , you tell I . the pad come off . reflexively , Danny 's hand buoy up to he face , protective , then hesitate in the dark room . * 729 730 731 732 193 , he Pov - wide angle - harsh contrast of hachiya 729 ° and David near b.g. wall . camera '' squint " and " blink " twice , clear we vision , but there 's still a foggy " blind spot " in the center . close - danny 730 squinting . danny yeah . yeah , but there 's a smudgy spot right in the middle , like when I look right at ... favor hachiya 731 signal David to raise the shade a little more , il - luminate hachiya 's face more clearly . hachiya we will have to wait for the nerve to grow back . if you want to see something , look at it a little off - center -- know what I mean ...? he place a pair of high - factor polarize glass on Danny , '' black '' lense . now , David walk up close . david hi , Danny . favoring danny 732 danny hey , you be David . Danny look back and forth at David and hachiya , fix on hachiya , squint . danny ( continue ) hey -- you be not italian . hachiya oh yeah ? what make you say that ? danny ( cock he head ) because ... be you from Japan ? 733 734 735 736 737 through 739 740 741 742 Rev. 5/7/82 194 , tightening on SAM hachiya 733 offer a little self - reflective smile , then answer gently , proudly : hachiya no. I be from Kansas City . ext . highway - bicycle Pov - highway sign ahead - day 734 indicate " kansas CITY " ( 1-707 ) . the scene be " wash " ( optically ? ) in a hazy white mist ... intercut oake 735 riding a bicycle , gaunt face , fearful eye , wide straw hat . he Pov - cut 736 as scene grow hazier , object pass , emerge through bright scrim of light . Army truck along the toad ... two collapse , burnt - out house ( disaster stock , tornado ? ) _. , roadblock ahead , two soldier wave we own ... omitted 737 through 739 ext . roadblock - oake - same 740 hand papers to a stern , beige - uniform official , wear a leather bandolier , red armband , side arm . official you be enter a National emergency restrict area , Doctor . no civilian allow beyond this ... oake feign anger , lie : oake that 's why I be here , sir ! I 'ma doctor ! quick close - official 741 not use to be shout at . ext . " devastation area - cut on earth mover 742 lumber like unearthly behemoth through the " '' pow - dery " mist , roaring , rumbling ... move pile of debris , leveling building frame , crush obstacle ... wo we 743 744 through 747 748 749 750 751 752 Rev. 5/7/82 195-196 . tracking oake 743 now walk through the mist , hold a kerchief across he mouth , watch the heavy equipment -- pulldozer , back -hoe , steamroller -- collapse , raze , smooth the -remnant of the blast ... omitted 744 through 747 he Pov - pile of corpse 748 as another body be carefully arrange in place , spray with chemical foam . omitted 749 ext . oake house - start high - day 750 through radiant mist , leafless branch of a tall tree . brief tilt down to a portion of a demolish house , no roof , some stand wall , the burnt - out shell of a car . there be a air of afterlife serenity about this scene , surreal in its mist , light , silhouette , that dis - locate some of the horror . favor oake 751 a silhouette in the mist , stand in a yard inch - deep in white ash , beside the burnt tree . he walk into camera close , and we see the suppress emotion begin - ning to rise to the surface ... close - oake' feet 752 step through the snow - like field of white ash ... * will nese 753 754 755 756 757 758 7539 760 197 . he Pov - moving through front door frame 753 look up at a section of stand wall , now move through the hall of the house , canyon below the sky , a burnt - out refrigerator on its side . favor flight of stair . 754 to nowhere ... dolly around stand brick chimney 755 to the hearth , the outer wall fall away into the back yard , Furniture frame , fragment of mirror , inciner - ated bookcase . SOUND of a small crackling FIRE . - favor - close - oake 756 walk into view of live room , stop , see : he Pov - wide angle ( slightly off - horizon ) - four 757 squatter campe ' around a small fire in the middle of the floor . Sun shaft through the mist . Jude , a powerfully - build but gentle man , devoid of hair ; Jean , long , flow blond hair frame a face albino-pink ; a boy and a girl ( the structure of oake ' own family ) , dress in rag . closer - squatter 758 toast thing on stick , Jean muse a wordless song , a pile of onion in she lap . they do not seem to notice oake ... closer - jean' hand 759 she finger deftly peel the dry outer skin from the onion , careful not to dislodge or waste the moist outer layer . very close ~ oake 760 eye grow fierce with indignation , step forward . oake get out of my house ! 761 762 763 764 765 766 198 , back to very wide - long on squatter 761 look insignificant ( as of about to slide off the edge of the floor , b.g - wall fall to open space ) , as they turn toward oake with expression of hurt inno - cence . intercut oake 762 oake do not you hear I ? I be tell you to get out of this house ! he now hear the madness in he own voice . favor squatter 763 whose silence only render oake ' outburst all the more pathetic and absurd . Jude rise slowly , walk toward oake . they stand look at each other . his eye have strange milky center , as if burnt out , unable to see . oake frown , squint , look into the strange eye , wonder at he silence . now , Jude raise he hand , offer oake ... quick close on onion ' 764 in the man 's palm , a miniature world . favor oake 765 now look back at Jude , emotion of grief , remorse and gratitude push closer to the surface . Jude just gaze patiently upon he . oake struggle for calmer , conciliatory word : oake I come back ... look ... I come back look for my wife . Jude just look at he . Jean rise in the b.g. , face the yard . Jude turn , start walk toward the yard . oake be confuse . when Jude stop and turn back , oake understand that he be to follow . ext . oake ' yard - low angle advancing before jude - 766 same through burnt grass and ash . oake follow , Jean far behind he . Sun shaft through the mist obscure b.g. house wall . Jude stop before a small mound of dirt . 767 768 769 770 771 772 773 Rev. 5/7/82 199 . oake 767 stare down at the mound , a shovel , footprint in ash . three quiet cut ~ progressively closer - oake 768 as the emotion of grief , love and loss finally spill over . look down on helen 's grave , tear well up in he eye . he choke back sob , lift he hand to hide he face , and cry like a child . camera slowly encircles oake 769 as Jude step forward without shame and put he arm around oake . oake lower he head against the stran - ger 's shoulder . ext . farm road to bannock hill - start - danny - day 770 wear " black " glass . OPEN to denise , scarf and straw hat , and David , a shotgun bandolier over he back . they be walk along a farm road . thick storm cloud gather . they pass a animal carcass , now just bone and hide . Danny look up at the distant ripple of thunder . , ext . road to hampton - tilt from earth mover - day 771 roaring ! clear break building ( bronx stock ? ) ... to oake , walk toward camera among some refugee . he move now like a man deliver , destine , go home . ( note : Design against previous sequence , oake now clearly go back the other way . ) the sky here too grow dark with storm cloud . ext , road to bannock hill - following david , ET al - 772 day as a trailer truck come toward we , light on against the darken sky . thunder come closer . now -- perhaps one hundred yard away -- six mask hijacker leap from the roadside with automatic weapon , order the truck to stop . AIR brake . intercut david , DENISE , danny 773 watch , appal . David quickly hustle Danny and denise down a embankment into tall grass , push they down flat near the edge of a brook ( drainage ditch ? ) . cy 774 775 776 777 778 779 780 781 782 through 784 Rev. 5/7/82 200 . quick long back toward trailer truck - hijacker 774 yank two driver from the cab , send one run off across a field . quick - back to david , DENISE , danny 775 watch in horror as we hear a burst of automatic FIRE ! David push . they face down in the grass . ext . road to hampton - handheld close - oake - day 776 look up at 0.s. truck slow down , a arm reach out toward he . int . rear of army truck - oake - same 777 sit near the tailgate among soldier . he look right back into camera . he Pov passing - long toward firing squad 778 where a blindfolded man stand before a chunk of wall six soldier aim . quick to rolling cloud . overhead 779 hang like cannonballs , ready to burst , see from moving truck's Pov , pass telephone pole . quick back to oake 780 stare intently out the back of the move truck . ext , dahlberg farm - high silo Pov -- dark sky 781 toward David , Danny , denise come up the road , tiny figure far below . Sky darken past f.g. weather - vane . the farm look desert , no light , nothing move , only the back screen door clap in the rise no . omitted . 782 through 784 ry 785 786 787 788 789 790 791 792 793 Rev. 5/7/82 201 . favor windmill 785 . spin wildly in the wind . SOUND of wood lurching , splintering ...! ( # 765 ) int . hampton hospital - start on ward window - day 786 darkness outside . sound of woman " choke , " moan . refocus to close alison , deep in labor . close = oake . 787 stand there , watch dispassionately . closer - alison 788 look back , afraid . match CUT to : int . surgery - oake - moment later 789 surgeon 's gown , pull surgical mask over he face . favor alison 790 panting , push , forehead slick with perspiration , eye unflinchingly on ... favor oake 791 bend forward , coax ... favor baby 792 emerge from womb , slick with blood and afterbirth . cut - favor oake 793 as the baby be lift , mouth open and clean . the child utter a tiny ( soundless ) cry of life . oake regards the infant with neither joy nor hope , but with a strange new emotion full of love and dread . why ... why this terrible legacy ? : 794 Rev. 5/7/82 202 . slow zoom to alison 794 as the child be lower to she arm . she blink , feel - ~ing the urge to nurse , the instinct to love . but she , too , be frighten of this brave new world . screen pop to black . music over credit : the gentle , plaintive american folk song , '' the Water be Wide ' ' ... voice sing . voice the water be wide , I can not cross o'er and neither have I wing to fly give I a boat that can carry two and I shall row my child and I ... cetc . ) ~ the end