the ring original screenplay by takahashi hiroshi base upon the novel by suzuki kouji this manuscript be intend for informational purpose only , and be a fair usage of copyright material . Ring ( c ) 1995 suzuki kouji Ring feature film ( c ) 1998 Ring / rasen Committee distribute by pony canyon adapted / translated by J Lopez http : //www.somrux.com/ringworld/ caption -- '' September 5 th. Sunday . '' int . ouishi household - tomoko 's room - night closeup on a television set . there 's a baseball game on , but the sound be turn completely down . camera pan to show two cute high school girl , masami and tomoko . masami be seat on the floor at a low coffee table , textbook in front of she . tomoko be at she desk . there be snack all over the room , and it 's obvious there have not be much study go on . masami be currently in mid-story , speak excitedly . masami they say that some elementary school kid spend the night with he parent at a bed and breakfast in izu . the kid want to go out and play with everybody right , but he do not want to miss the program he always use to watch back in Tokyo , so he record it on the vcr in they room . but of course the station in izu be different from the one in Tokyo . in izu , it be just a empty channel , so he should have record nothing but static . but when the kid get back to he house and watch the tape , all of a sudden this woman come on the screen and say -- masami point so suddenly and dramatically at she friend that tomoko actually jump in she seat . masami ( cont have ) '' one week from now , you will die . '' short silence as masami pause , relishing the moment . masami ( cont have ) of course the kid 's completely freak , and he stop the video . just then the phone ring , and when he pick it up a voice say -- her voice drop voice almost to a whisper . masami ( cont have ) '' you watch it , do not you ? '' that same time , exactly one week later ... he 's dead ! masami laugh loudly , thoroughly enjoy she own performance . tomoko , however , be completely silent . she begin look more and more distress , until finally masami notice . masami what be it , tomoko ? tomoko come out of she chair and drop onto the floor next to she friend . her word be quick , earnest . tomoko who do you hear that story from ? masami who ? it 's just a rumor . everybody know it . tomoko youko tell you ? masami no , it be not youko ... tomoko look away , worried . masami slap she on the knee , laugh . masami what 's up with you ? tomoko speak slowly , still look away . tomoko the other day , I ... I watch this strange video . masami where ? tomoko with youko and they . masami ( excited ) so that 's what I have be hearing about you do some double - date / sleepover thing ! so , you and that guy iwata , huh ? tomoko no , it 's not like that . nothing happen ! they eye meet and tomoko half - blushes , look away again . her expression become serious as she resume she conversation . tomoko iwata ... he find this weird video . everyone be like , '' what 's that ? '' so he put it on and we all watch it . masami ( quietly ) and ? what kind of video be it ? tomoko just ... weird , I can not really explain it . anyway , right after we finish watch it , the phone ring . whoever it be do not say anything , but still ... silence . masami curl up on herself , thoroughly spook . masami Jesus . tomoko it 's cuz , you know , we would all hear the rumor . tomoko look seriously over at she friend . tomoko ( cont would ) that be one week ago today . there be a long , heavy silence as neither of they say anything . masami waaait a minute . be you fake I out ? tomoko 's face suddenly break into a smile . tomoko busted , huh ? they both crack up laugh . masami oh , my ... I can not believe you ! masami reach out , slap she friend on the knee . masami ( cont have ) you be terrible ! tomoko gotcha ! masami ( think ) but hang on ... you really stay the night with youko and iwata , right ? tomoko nod , uh-huh . masami dive forward , pinching she friend 's cheek and grin wildly . masami so , how far do you and he get ? tomoko oh ... I can not remember . masami you can not remember , huh ? masami laugh , then slap tomoko on the knee again as she remember the trick she friend play on she . masami man , you have I freak I out . I -- just at that moment , the phone ring . they be both suddenly , instantly serious . tomoko 's eye go off in one direction and she begin shaking she head , - no - . masami look over she shoulder , follow she friend 's gaze . tomoko be look at the clock , which currently read 9:40 . the phone continue to ring . tomoko be now clutching tightly onto she friend , look panicked . masami ( softly ) be it true ? tomoko nod she head , still hold on tightly . masami have to forcibly disengage herself in order to stand . the phone be downstairs , so masami open the bedroom door and race down the stair . tomoko call out to she from behind . tomoko masami ! int . ouishi household - staircase - night tomoko and masami run down the staircase , through the hallway towards the kitchen . tomoko cry out again just before they reach the kitchen . tomoko masami ! int . ouishi household - kitchen - night masami have come to a halt before a phone mount on the wall . she pause , look slowly at she friend , then back to the phone . she take it tentatively from its cradle , answer it wordlessly . the tension continue to mount as nothing be say . masami suddenly break into a huge grin . masami I 'il put she on . still grin , she hand the phone to tomoko . tomoko snatch it quickly . tomoko ( softly ) yes ? she be silent for a moment , then smile widely . tomoko oh , man ! she be so relieved that all the strength seep out of she and she sink to the kitchen floor . masami , equally relieved , slide down the wall and sit down next to she . tomoko ( on the phone ) yeah , I have get a friend over now . yeah . yeah , ok . bye . tomoko stand to place the phone back in its wall cradle , and then squat back down onto the kitchen floor . tomoko the game 's go into overtime , so they be gonna be a little late . they burst out laugh with relief again , and be soon both clutching they stomach . tomoko jeeezus , my parent ... masami oh man , I be tellin’ everybody about this tomorrow ! tomoko shake she head , - do not you dare - . masami I be gonna use you bathroom . do not go anywhere . tomoko ' k . masami walk out of the kitchen . alone now , tomoko stand and walk toward the sink , where she take a glass from the dish rack . she then go to the fridge and stick she face in , look for something to drink . suddenly there be the SOUND of people clap and cheer . tomoko , startle , peer she head over the refrigerator door to check for the source of the sound . she begin walk slowly , follow the sound to the dine room adjacent the kitchen . int . ouishi household - dine room - night the light be off , and there be no one in the room . tomoko pause a moment , bath in the garish light from the tv , which have be switch on . play be the same baseball game they have on the tv upstairs ; the same game that tomoko 's parent be currently at . the volume be up quite high . a puzzle look on she face , tomoko take the remote from the coffee table and flick the tv off . she walk back to the kitchen . int . ouishi household - kitchen - night a bottle of soda that tomoko have earlier take from the fridge be on the kitchen table . she pick the bottle up , pour herself a drink . before she can take a sip , however , the air around she become suddenly charge , heavy . her body begin to shiver as somewhere out of sight come a pop , crackle SOUND underscore by a kind of groaning . tremble now , tomoko spin around to see what she have already feel lurking behind she . she draw in she breath to scream . the screen go white , and fade into : camera Pov the screen be fill with the visage of a nervous- look young girl . she be be interview by asakawa , a female reporter seat offscreen . asakawa ( 0.s. ) there seem to be a popular rumor go around about a '' curse '' videotape . young girl uh-huh . asakawa ( 0.s. ) have you hear what kind of video it might be ? young girl uh-huh . the girl look directly at the camera , she mouth drop into a von as she 's suddenly overcome by a kind of stage fright . she continue stare , silently , at the camera . int . coffee shop - day komiya , the cameraman , have lower he camera . we can now see that the young girl be interview be seat at a table between two friend , a short -haired girl ( girl # 2 ) and a long -haired girl # 3 ) . they be all dress in the uniform of junior high school student . opposite they sit komiya and asakawa , a pretty woman in she mid - twenty . a boom mike guy stand to the leave . komiya uh , do not look right at the camera , ok ? young girl sorry . asakawa let 's do it again . asakawa glance over she shoulder , make sure that komiya be ready . asakawa have you hear what kind of video it might be ? young girl what I hear be , all of a sudden this scaaarry lady come on the screen and say , '' in one week , you will die . '' girl # 2 I hear that if you be watch tv late at night it 'il come on , and then you phone will ring . asakawa watch tv late at night ... do you know what station ? girl # 2 mmmm ... I hear some local station , around izu . asakawa izu ? girl # 2 mmm-hmm . asakawa and , do you know if anyone 's really die from watch it ? the girl flash a look at she two friend . young girl well , no one that we know , right ? girl # 2 nod she head . girl # 3 nod slowly , open and close she mouth as if decide whether to say something or not . the reporter notice . asakawa what be it ? girl # 3 I hear this from a friend of mine in high school . she say that there be this one girl who watch the video , and then die a week later . she be out on a drive with she boyfriend . asakawa they be in a wreck ? girl # 3 no , they car be park , but they be both dead inside . her boyfriend die because he have watch the video , too . that 's what my friend say . girl # 3 grow suddenly defensive . girl # 3 ( cont have ) it 's true ! it be in the paper two or three day ago . asakawa do you know the name of the high school this girl go to ? girl # 3 no ... I hear this from my friend , and it do not happen at she school . she hear it from a friend at a different school , she say . int . news station —- day asakawa be seat at she desk . the station be fill with people , scrabbling to meet deadline . komiya walk up to asakawa 's desk and hold out a manila folder . komiya Mrs. asakawa ? asakawa hm ? komiya here you be . asakawa ( take the folder ) thanks . komiya have a seat . komiya this same kind of thing happen about ten year ago too , do not it ? some popular young singer commit suicide , and then suddenly there be all this talk about she ghost show up on some music show . asakawa but I wonder what this rumor 's all about . everyone you ask always mention '' izu . '' komiya maybe that 's where it all start . hey , where be that kuchi-sake onna * story from again ? >* literally '' ripped -mouth Lady , '' a kind of ghastly spectre from > japanese folk storey who wear a veil to hide she mouth , >has be rip or cut open from ear to ear . she wander the >countryside at night ask man '' do you think I be beautiful ? '' then >lowering she veil to reveal she true feature . asakawa gifu , but there be some big accident out there , and that end up be what start the rumor . komiya a big accident ? asakawa mmm-hmm . something terrible like that be go to stay in people 's mind . sometimes the story of what happen get twisted around , and end up come back as a rumor like this one . that 's what they say , at least . komiya d' you think something like that happen out at izu ? asakawa maybe . well , anyway , I be off . see you tomorrow . komiya see you . asakawa get up from she desk and begin walk towards the exit . she take only a few step before notice a rack of recent DAILY edition . she take one from the rack , set it on a nearby table . she begin flipping the page , and suddenly spy this story : strange automobile death of young couple in yokohama the body of a young man and woman be discover in they passenger car at around 10 a.m. September 6th . the location be a vacant lot parallel to yokohama prefectural Road . local authority identify the decease as a 19 - year old preparatory school student of Tokyo , and a 16 - year old yokohama resident , a student of a private all - girl 's high school . because there be no external injury , police be investigate the possibility of drug-induced suicide ... just then two man walk by , a guy in a business suit and a youngish intern name okazaki . okazaki be carry a armload of videotape . guy in suit ok , okazaki , I be count on you . okazaki yessir . the guy in the suit pat okazaki on the shoulder and walk off . okazaki turn to walk away , spot asakawa bent over the small table and peer intently at the newspaper article . okazaki miss asakawa ? I think you be go home early today . asakawa turn around and begin speak excitedly . asakawa okazaki , can I ask you a favor ? okazaki sure . asakawa point to the newspaper . asakawa could you check out this article for I ? get I some more info .? okazaki I guess ... asakawa good . call I as soon as you know more , ok ? okazaki ma’ be . asakawa walk off . okazaki , still carry the videotape , lean forward to take a look at the article . ext . apartment parking lot - day asakawa drive she car into the lot and park quickly . she get out , run up the staircase to the third floor . she stop in front of a door , stick she key in the lock , and open it . int . asakawa 's apartment - live room - day a boy of about 7 be sit in a armchair face the veranda . we can see only the back of he head . asakawa ( 0.s. ) yoichi ! hear he name , the boy put down the book he be read and stand up , face the door . he be wear a white dress shirt with a brown sweater - type vest over it . he see asakawa , he mother , run in the door . she be panting lightly . asakawa sorry I be late . oh , you have already change . yoichi yup . he point over to he mother 's right . yoichi ( cont have ) I get you clothes out for you . asakawa turn to see a dark suit hang from one of the live room shelf . she reach out , take it . asakawa aargh , we have gotta hurry ! she run into the next room to change . int . bedroom - day asakawa have change into all - black funeral attire . her hair be up , and she be fasten the clasp to a pearl necklace . yoichi be still in the live room . asakawa do grandpa call ? yoichi ( 0.s. ) nope . yoichi walk into the room and face he mother . yoichi why do tomo-chan die ? * >* '' '' - chan '' be a suffix in japanese that denote closeness or affection . > it be most often use for young girl , though it can also be use for yboy . asakawa well ... it look like she be really , really sick . she take a seat on the bed . asakawa will you do I up ? yoichi fasten the rear button of he mother 's dress and zip she up . yoichi you can die even if you be young ? asakawa if it 's something serious ... well , yes . asakawa turn to face she son , put a arm around he . asakawa as hard as it be for we , what you auntie and uncle be go through right now be even harder , so let 's not talk about this over there , ok ? yoichi nod . asakawa ( remember ) you and she use to play a lot together , do not you ? yoichi say nothing . ext . ouishi household - night red paper lantern mark this place as the site of a wake . several girl in high school uniform be stand together and talk in group . asakawa and yoichi , walk hand in hand , enter the house . int . ouishi household - night there be many people milling about , speak softly . a man seat at a counter be take monetary donation from guest and enter they information into a ledger . asakawa and yoichi continue walk , down a hallway . int . ouishi household - night mother and son halt before the open door to the main wake room , where guest may show they respects to the depart . the room be laid in traditional japanese - style tatami , a kind of woven straw mat that serve as a carpet . two guest , they shoe off , be kneel upon zabuton cushion . kneel opposite the guest be kouichi , asakawa 's father . the two guest be bow deeply , and kouichi bow in response . asakawa dad. kouichi turn to see she . kouichi ah ! asakawa how be sis hold up ? kouichi she 's rest inside right now . she 's shake up pretty badly , you know . it 's best she just take thing easy for a while . asakawa nod . asakawa i’1l go check on auntie and they , then . kouichi ok . ah , yoichi . why do not you sit here for a little while ? he grab the young boy and seat he on a cushion next to the two guest . as the guest resume they conversation with asakawa 's father , yoichi 's eye wander to the altar at the front of the room set up to honor the decease . it be make of wood , and surround by candle , flower , and small paper lantern . at the center be a picture of the decease , a teenage girl . a small wooden plaque read she name : tomoko ouishi . it be the same tomoko from the first scene . yoichi continue to stare at tomoko 's picture . he make a peculiar gesture as he do so , rub he index finger in small circle just between he eye . int . hallway - night asakawa walk down the hallway , look for she aunt . she walk until find the open doorway to the kitchen . there be a few people in there , prepare busily . asakawa see she aunt , who rush into the hallway to meet she , hold she fast by the arm . the aunt speak in a fierce , quick whisper . aunt have you hear anything more about tomo-chan 's death ? asakawa no , I ... aunt but the police have already finish they autopsy ! asakawa well , they say there be no sign of foul play . aunt ( shaking she head ) that be no normal death . they have not once open the casket to let we see the body . do not you think that 's strange ? asakawa look away , think . int . hallway - night yoichi have wander off by himself . he stop at the foot of the step , look up -- and catch a glimpse of a pair of bare feet run up to the second floor . a guard expression on he face , yoichi walk slowly up the stair . int . ouishi household - tomoko 's bedroom - night yoichi have wander into tomoko 's bedroom . the light be all off and there be a eerie feel to it . yoichi 's eye wander about the room , finally come to rest on the television set . suddenly , he hear he mother 's voice from behind he . asakwawa ( 0.s. ) yoichi ? yoichi turn to face she as she approach , put a arm around he . asakawa what be you do up here ? you should not just walk into other people 's room . without replying , yoichi 's gaze slowly return to the television set . asakawa hold he by the shoulder , turn he to meet she . asakawa you go on downstairs , ok ? yoichi ok . he turn to leave , and asakawa follow . int . oushi household - top of the stair - night just as yoichi and asakawa be about to descend the step , asakawa 's cell phone ring . she open the clasp to she purse . asakawa ( to yoichi ) you go on ahead . yoichi ' k . he walk down the step . asakawa bring out she cell phone , answer it . asakawa hello ? okazaki uh ... this be okazaki . I have get some more info on that article for you . the girl be a student of the uh , seikei School for woman in yokahama City . asakawa blink at this , look disturb . asakawa ( softly ) thanks . she hang up the phone . ext . ouishi household - night asakawa stand now at the entrance of the house . dazedly , she walk toward a large , hand - paint placard . the placard read that the wake be be hold for a student of the seikei School for woman . asakawa stare at that placard , make the mental connection . she turn abruptly , walk towards a nearby trio of high school girl . asakawa Excuse I . this be , um , kind of a strange question , but by any chance be you friend of that young girl that die in the car as well ? the three girl turn they face to the ground . asakawa please . if you know anything ... girl right they all die the same day . youko . tomoko . even iwata , he be ina motorcycle accident . girl left because they watch the video . asakawa video ? girl left that 's what youko say . they all watch some weird video , and after that they phone ring . asakawa tomoko- chan watch it , too ? where ? girl Left shake she head . girl left she just say they all stay somewhere . girl right there be a girl with tomoko when she die . she 's have to be hospitalize for shock . girl middle they say she will not go anywhere near a television . int . news station - viewing booth - day asakawa and yoshino , another news reporter , be watch scene from the yokohama car death . in the footage there be lot of policemen milling about , one of they try to pick the door to the passenger side . yoshino be give asakawa the blow - by-blow . yoshino the body of that find be tsuji youko , age 17 , a student of the seikei School for woman , and nomi takehiko , age 19 , preparatory school student . both they door be securely lock . onscreen , the policeman have finally pick the lock . the door open , and a girl 's body half - fall out , head face upwards . yoshino flick a button on the control panel , scan the footage frame by frame . he stop when he get a good close - up of the victim . her face be twisted into a insane rictus of fear , mouth open , eye wide and glassy . yoshino and asakawa lean back in they seat . yoshino this be the first time I have - ever - see something like this . asakawa Cause of death ? yoshino could not say , aside from sudden heart failure . asakawa drug ? yoshino the autopsy come up negative . yoshino take the video off pause . onscreen , a policeman have catch the young girl 's body from completely fall out , and be push it back into the car . as the body move into a upright position , we can see that the girl 's pantie be mid-way around she leave thigh . yoshino this two , about to go at it , suddenly up and die for no apparent reason . he sigh . yoshino ( cont have ) do - you - get it ? ext . ouishi household - day asakawa 's car be already halt before a modest -size , two -story house with a small cover parkway for a garage . she get out of she car , close the door . she stare at the house , unmove . int . ouishi household - kitchen - day asakawa stand before she sister ryomi , who be seat at the kitchen table . ryomi be stare blankly away , make no sign of acknowledge she sister . the silence continue unabate , and asakawa , pensive , wander idly into the adjoin dining room . she take a long look at the television , the same television that have puzzle tomoko by suddenly switch itself on , sit darkly in one corner . her reflection in the screen look stretch , distort . ryomi ( 0.s. ) they tell I that yoichi come to the funeral , too . asakawa step back into the kitchen . she address she sister , who continue to stare out at nothing . asakawa mmm-hmm . ryomi they use to play a lot together , do not they ? upstair . asakawa yeah ... ryomi lapse back into a silence . asakawa wait for she to say more , but when it be clear that nothing else be forthcoming , she quietly give up and exit the kitchen . int . ouishi household - staircase - day asakawa climb the step to the second floor . she make she way down the hall . int . ouishi household - tomoko 's room - day as if intrude , asakawa walk slowly , cautiously into tomoko 's room . the window to the room be open , and a single piece of fold white paper on tomoko 's desk flutter in the breeze . asakawa walk towards it , pick it up . it be a receipt from a photo shop . the develop photo have yet to be claim . asakawa sense something , spin to look over she shoulder . her sister have creep quietly up the stair and down the hall , and stand now in the doorway to tomoko 's room . she appear not to notice what asakawa have in she hand , as she gaze have already shift to the slide closet door . she regards it almost druggedly . ryomi ( haltingly ) this ... this be where tomoko die . flashback ryomi ( 0.s. ) tomoko ! ryomi 's hand fling aside the closet door . within , she find the pale blue carcass of she daughter , curl up into a unnatural fetal position . tomoko 's mouth yawn gape , she eye glassy and roll up into the back of she head . her hand be catch in she hair , as if try to pull it out by the root . it be a horrific scene , one that say tomoko die as if from some unspeakable fear . present ryomi sink to she knee , hit the wooden floor hard . she put she face into she hand and begin sobbing loudly . asakawa say nothing . ext . camera shop - day asakawa leave the camera shop clutching tomoko 's unclaim photo . she walk out onto the sidewalk and begin flipping through they . we see tomoko stand arm -in- arm with iwata , she secret boyfriend . tomoko and she friend eat lunch . the camera have its date - and -time function enable , and the photo be mark 97 8 29 . the next shot be of tomoko , iwata , and another young couple pose in front of a sign for a bed and breakfast . the sign read : izu pacific land asakawa izu ... asakawa continue look through the photo , various shot of the four friend clowning around in they room . suddenly she come to a shot take the next day , at check out . the friend be line up , arm link -- and all four of they face be blurred , distort as if someone have take a eraser to they and try to rub they out of existence . int . asakawa 's apartment - kitchen - day asakawa wear a apron , and be fry something up on the stove . yoichi stand watch . asakawa look , I be probably go to be late come home tonight , so just stick you dinner in the microwave when you be ready to eat , ok ? yoichi ' k ... Mom ? asakawa hmm ? yoichi tomo-chan watch some curse video ! asakawa leave the food on the stove , run over to yoichi and grab he by the shoulder . she shake he roughly . asakawa what do you say ? you be not to speak of this at school , do you hear I ? yoichi ( utterly unfaze ) I will not . I be go to school now . yoichi walk off . asakawa go back to the stove , but stop after only a few stir , stare off and think . caption -- '' September 13th . Monday . '' ext . road - day asakawa drive she car speedily along a narrow country road , leave blow up in she wake . int . asakawa 's car - day asakawa mutter to herself , deep in think . asakawa there 's no way ... ext . country road - day asakawa 's car drive past a sign read : izu pacific land ext . izu pacific land - driveway - day asakawa have leave she car and be walk around the driveway of what be less a bed and breakfast and more like a series of cabin-style rental cottage . she wander about for a while , try to get she bearing . she pause now in front of a particular cottage and reach into she purse . she withdraw the picture from the photomat , the one that show tomoko and she friend with they face all blurred . the four be pose in front of they cottage , mark in the photograph as '' b4 . '' asakawa lower the photo to regard the cottage before she . b4 she walk to the door , turn the handle experimentally . it 's open . asakawa walk in . int . pacific land - cottage b4 - day asakawa let she eye wander around the cottage . it look very modern , all wood panele and spacious comfort . her eye rest on the tv / vcr setup at the front of the room . crouch before the vcr now , she press the eject button . nothing happen . she finger the inside of the deck , find it empty , then reach behind to the rear of the vcr , search . again , there be nothing . asakawa press the power button on the television , pick up the remote , and take a seat on the sofa . she run through a few channel but they be all talk show , no clue whatsoever . she flick the tv off and lean back in the sofa , sighing . just then , she spy a ledger on the coffee table . this thing be sometimes leave in hotel in Japan , so that guest can write a few comment about they stay for other to read . asakawa pick the ledger up , begin thumbing through it . she stop at a strange picture obviously draw by a child , that show three rotund , almost entirely round personage . she read the handwritten message . asakawa " my dad be fat . my mom be fat . that 's why I be fat , too . " she smile in spite of herself . asakawa flip through the rest of the ledger , but there 's nothing else of any import . she toss it back onto the coffee table and , sighing again , lean into the sofa and close she eye . ext . outdoor cafe - dusk asakawa eat silently , alone . int . pacific land - front reception - night asakawa have return to the bed and breakfast . as she walk in the door , the counter clerk rise out of he chair to greet she . clerk room for one ? asakawa um , actually I be here on business . she pass the clerk a picture of tomoko and she three other friend . he stare at it for a moment . asakawa they would have stay here on August 29th , all four of they . if there 's any information you might have ... clerk uh , hang on just a minute . the clerk turn he back to she , begin leaf through a guest log . clerk ( to himself ) August 29th ... while she wait , asakawa 's eye start to wander around the room . behind the desk be a sign read '' rental video , '' and a large wooden bookshelf fill with videotape . they be all in they original box , and she let she eye glance over the title . raider of the lose ark , 48 hour - - -- and then , suddenly , she spy a videotape in a plain , unmark sleeve , tuck away in the back of the very bottom shelf . she feel the hair on the back of she neck rise . asakawa that ... the clerk look up . clerk hmm ? asakawa stab a finger excitedly towards the shelf . asakawa that ! what tape be that ? the clerk reach out for it , grab it . clerk this ? hmm ... the clerk pull the tape out of its sleeve and check for a label . it 's unmark . clerk maybe one of the guest leave it behind ... int . pacific land - cottage b4 - night asakawa flip on the tv . it 's on channel 2 , and there be nothing but static . she kneel down to slide the tape into the deck and pause a moment , frame in the vaguely spectral light from the television screen . steeling she nerve , she put the tape into the machine , pick up the remote , and press play . note : this next scene be entirely visual . if you be read this translation before watch the movie , do yourself a favor ; stop read this now and watch the scene for itself . afterwards , you can come back here to check the meaning of the japanese character display . the videotape at first it look like nothing have happen -- then asakawa realize that she be now view record static instead of broadcast static . she watch , wait , but the static continue unbroken . asakawa look down at the remote , be about to press fast forward , when suddenly the picture on the screen clear and for a moment she think she 's look at the moon . it 's not the moon at all , she realize . the shape be round like a full moon , but it seem to be make up of thin ribbons of cloud streaking against a night sky . and there 's a face , she see , a face hide in shadow , look down from above . what be this ? the scene change now , and asakawa note that the tape have that kind of grainy quality one see in 3rd or 4th generation copy . the scene be of a woman brush she long hair before a oval - shape mirror . the nerve - wrack grate as if of some giant metallic insect sound in the background , but the lady do not seem to notice . the mirror the lady be use to brush she hair suddenly change position from the leave part of the wall before which she stand , to the right . almost instantly the mirror return to its original position , but in that one moment in its change location we see a small figure in a white gown . the woman turn towards where that figure stand , and smile . the screen next become a twitching , undulate impenetrable sea of the kanji character use in the japanese language . asakawa can pick out only two thing recognizable : local volcanic eruption now the screen be awash in people -- crawl , scrabbling , shambling mass , some of they move in reverse . a sound like moan accompany they . a figure stand upon a shore , its face shroud . it point accusingly , not towards the screen , but at something unseen off to one side . the insect - like screeching sound louder . Close up on inhuman , alien-look eye . Inside that eye a single character be reflect in reverse : sada , meaning " chastity . " the eye blink once , twice . the symbol remain . a long shot of a outdoor , uncover well . sudden loud , blind static as the tape end . asakawa turn the tv off , look physically drain . she sigh shakily and slump forward , rest on she knee . just then , she glance at the television screen . she see , reflect , a small figure in a white gown stand at the rear of the room . shock , asakawa draw in breath , spin around . the room be empty . asakawa run to the sofa to collect she jacket -- -- and the ringing of the telephone stop she dead in she track . Zombie - like , she walk towards the telephone , pick it up wordlessly . from the other end come the same metallic , insectoid squeaking hear on the video . asakawa slam the phone down and glance up at the clock . it 's about seven minute after 7 p.m. asakawa ( to herself ) one week ... asakawa grab she coat , pop the tape out of the deck , and run out the door . ext . STREET - day it be dark and raining heavily . yoichi , asakawa 's son , be walk to school , umbrella firmly in hand . the sidewalk be quite narrow , and yoichi come to a halt when a second person come from the opposite direction , block he way . yoichi slowly raise he umbrella , peer up to look at this other pedestrian . it be a man , a bag sling over one shoulder . he have a beard ; unusual for Japan where clean-shaven be the norm . the two continue look directly at each other , neither move nor speak . yoichi then walk around the person 's leave and continue on he way . the man resume walk as well . caption -- '' September 14th . Tuesday . '' ext . outside a apartment door - day the bearded man , whose name be ryuji , reach out to press the doorbell , but the door have already open from within . asakawa lean out hold the door open for he . neither of they speak . wordlessly , ryuji enter the apartment . int . asakawa 's apartment - day ryuji put he bag down , look around the apartment . the interior be dark , ominous somehow . he take he jacket off and wander into the live room . asakawa be in the kitchen behind he , prepare tea . ryuji spy the collection of framed photograph in live room . ryuji yoichi 's in elementary school already , be he ? asakawa his first year . what about you , ryuji ? how have you be recently ? ryuji same as always . she take a seat next to he , serve the tea . on the coffee table before they be a videotape in a plain , unmark case . asakawa and money be ...? ryuji I be teach at university . ryuji pick up he cup of tea but stop , grimace , before it be to he lip . he rub he forehead as if experience a sudden headache . ryuji shake it off and quickly regains he composure . ryuji anyway . you say that the phone ring ? asakawa that 's right . ryuji so if I watch it too , that phone over there -- he gesture with he mug ryuji ( cont have ) -- should ring . asakawa ryuji , four people have already die . on the same day ! ryuji ( flippant ) well , why do not you try call a exorcist ? he take a sip of he tea . asakawa reach quickly , grab something from the bookshelf behind she -- a polaroid camera . she shove it into ryuji 's hand , then turn to look down at the floor . asakawa take my picture . ryuji raise the camera to he eye . ryuji turn this way . asakawa ( unmove ) hurry up and take it . ryuji snap off a shot . it come out the other end and he take it wait impatiently for a image to appear . when it do , all he can do be pass it wordlessly over to asakawa . her face be twisted , misshapen . just like the picture of tomoko and she friend . asakawa stare at it , horrify . by the time she finally look up , ryuji have already rise from he seat and sly the videotape into the vcr . again , the screen be fill with static , only to be replace with what look like the moon . asakawa slam the Polaroid on the coffee table and go outside onto the veranda . ext . veranda - day asakawa stare out at a view of the house shade in cloud and rain . there be a knock on the glass door behind she . a moment later , ryuji slide the door open . ryuji it 's over . asakawa re-enter she apartment . int . asakawa 's apartment - live room - day ryuji well , it look like you phone 's not ringing . ryuji pop the tape from the deck , hand it to asakawa . ryuji make I a copy of this , will you ? I would like to do a little research of my own . there 's no reason to write we off as dead just yet . he dramatically take a seat . ryuji ( cont have ) if there 's a video , that mean that somebody have to make it . asakawa there 's the guest list from the cottage to look into ... and the possibility of someone hack into the local station 's broadcast signal . asakawa pull a notepad from she purse and begin busily scribbling away . int . news station - day okazaki putter around . caption - — '' September 15th . Tuesday . '' int . news station - viewing booth - day asakawa sit by herself , review the videotape . she be replaying the very last scene , a outdoor shot of a well . she stare at it carefully , and notice ... the tape end , fill the screen with static . a split-second afterwards , there be a knock on the door and okazaki enter , hold a file . asakawa momentarily forget about the video . okazaki ( hand she the file ) here 's that guest list you want . asakawa oh , thanks . okazaki what be you gonna do with this ? asakawa uh ... sorry , I be work on something personal . ext . in front of a train station - day some quick shot of a fountain gush water , pigeon flap away look agitate . CUT to ryuji sit on a bench . he 's deep in think , write in a notepad . there be multitude of people about he , and we can hear the sound of they come and go . a pair of legs attach to a woman in white dress , hose , and pump appear head directly for ryuji . her pace be slow , rhythmical , and as that pace progress all other sound fade into the background , so that all we can hear be the clomp , clomp as that leg walk to stand just before ryuji . the pump be scuff , dirtied with grime . a gust of wind rip by . ryuji fight the urge to look up as in he ear ring the same hollow , multi-voice babbling hear on the videotape . the sound grow stronger . ryuji ( vo ) so , it be you . you do it . the babbling fade , disappear as slowly the world 's normal background sound return . ryuji look up , but the woman in white be nowhere to be see . ext . outside ryuji 's apartment — afternoon ryuji ride up on a bicycle . he turn the corner towards he apartment and find asakawa seat on the step , wait for he . ryuji hey . asakawa note in he face that something be wrong . asakawa what happen to you ? ryuji ( gruffly ) nothing . he enter the building , carry he bicycle . asakawa follow . int . hallway - afternoon the two walk down the hallway towards the front door to ryuji 's apartment . he unlock the door and they enter . int . ryuji 's apartment - afternoon ryuji and asakawa enter the live room . ryuji so , what have you come up with ? asakawa I do not think any of the guest on the list bring the tape with they . I could not confirm it face - to- face of course , but even over the phone I get the feel they be all be upfront with I . ryuji how about the other angle ? pirate signal or ... asakawa shake she head . asakawa there be no trace of any illegal television signal be broadcast around izu . she reach into she purse , pull out a large white envelope . asakawa here 's that copy of the videotape you want . ryuji tear the package open . he squat down on the tatami in frontof he tv and slide the tape in . asakawa sit on the tatami as well , but position herself away from the tv and keep she eye avert . ryuji glare over he shoulder at she . ryuji ( sternly ) asakawa . she reluctantly scoot closer , look up at the screen . ryuji fast - forward the tape a bit , stop at the scene where the woman be brush she long hair before a oval mirror . he put the video on frame - by-frame . ryuji have you ever see this woman ? asakawa regards the screen intently . asakawa no the tape advance to the scene where the mirror suddenly change position . when it do , we can again see the small figure in the white gown , a figure with long black hair . when ryuji see this he body stiffen , become tense . asakawa notice but say nothing . she also notice something else . asakawa ( excitedly ) there 's something strange about this shot . she take the remote from ryuji , rewind it a way . onscreen , the woman begin come she long hair again . asakawa from this angle , the mirror should be reflect whoever 's filming . ryuji so , what do that mean ? asakawa let out a short sigh . asakawa well , if the person who make this be a pro , there have be a way around that , I guess , but still ... the screen change , show the mass of squiggling kanji character again . ryuji ( read ) volcanic eruption ... eruption where ? he pause the screen , try to make sense of what be write . asakawa this be gonna be impossible to figure out on just a regular tv screen , do not you think ? they be both still stare at the screen when from behind they come the SOUND of someone open the front door . ryuji turn off the tv , eject the tape from the deck . ryuji come on in . asakawa flash a look at ryuji and then turn she head back towards the front door to see who have enter . a cute , nervous-look young girl with short hair approach slowly . she be carry a plastic bag fill with grocery . ryuji asakawa , meet my student , takano mai . he turn , address mai. ryuji ( cont have ) this be asakawa , my ex-wife . ryuji get up and walk conveniently away . mai Nice to meet you . I be takano . asakawa asakawa . * > * as you may already be aware , japanese name order be the >opposite of English 's , and even close friend may continue to >address one another by they last name . incidentally , asakawa 's > first name be '' reiko . '' in this scene , mai deferentially refer >to ryuji as sensei , meaning '' teacher . '' mai set the bag of grocery down and chase after ryuji . he be put on he jacket and get ready to leave . mai sensei , the people from the publishing company call about the deadline on you thesis again . ryuji ( brusquely ) what be they talkin’ to you about it for ? mai because they can never get a hold of you . ryuji pick up he key , video firmly in hand . ryuji ask they to wait another week . mai sensei , ask they yourself , please . ryuji be already head for the door . his back be to she as he respond . ryuji ok , ok . asakawa walk after he . they leave . mai pout unhappily a bit , and then break into a smile as a idea cross she mind . she walk across the room to where ryuji have set up a large blackboard fill with mathematical equation . grinning , mai rub out part of one equation with she sleeve and write ina new value . int . news station —- hallway - night asakawa and ryuji stride purposefully . they stop before a door to the right , which asakawa unlock . they both walk in . int . news station - viewing booth - night asakawa and ryuji sit in a completely darken room , they eye glue to the television monitor . they be again watch the scene with the fragment kanji character , but despite they effort have be able to identify only one additional word , bring the total to three : volcanic eruption local resident ryuji this be impossible . ryuji fast forward , stop at the scene with the kanji reflect inside a alien-look eye . he read the kanji aloud . ryuji sada ... ryuji move to make a note of this , notice the time . ryuji be yoichi gonna be all right ? asakawa ( sadly ) he 's use to it ... short silence . ryuji break it by gesture towards the screen . ryuji whoever make this have to have leave some kind of clue behind . they be probably wait for we to find it . asakawa turn a dial to bring up the volume , which up until now have be on mute . the room be fill with a eerie , metallic grating , and asakawa spin the dial again , shutting it off . just as she do , ryuji 's eye widen . ryuji wait a minute . he turn the dial again , punch a few button as if search for something . he listen carefully , and when he hear that strange something again he stop , look at the screen . it be pause at the scene with the figure , point , a cloth drape over its head . the figure now look oddly like a messenger . ryuji and asakawa exchange glance . this could be it . ryuji flip some more switch , set the sound for super - slow mo . what follow be a strange , labor sort of speech -— a hide message -- frame in the skitter distortion of the tape in slow motion . tape shoooomonnn bakkkkkarrri toou ... boooouuuukonn ga kuuru zouuu ... ryuji ( repeat ) shoumon bakkari , boukon ga kuru zo . do you hear that , too ? asakawa nod . ryuji be already write it down excitedly . asakawa what do that mean ? ryuji tear the sheet of paper off the notepad , fold it , and tuck it into he shirt pocket . ryuji I be gonna check it out . ext . asakawa 's apartment complex - morning yoichi be walk to school . he look back over he shoulder , just once , then resume walk . int . asakawa 's apartment - morning all the light be turn off , and she be sit on the live room couch watch the footage of she café interview with the junior high school girl . caption -- '' September 16th . Thursday . '' just when the girl in the interview mention that whomever watch the video be suppose to afterwards receive a phone call , asakawa 's own phone ring , startling she . she run to answer it . asakawa hello ? ryuji ( 0.s . ) I have get it . it 's a dialect , just like I think . shoumon mean '' play in the water '' and boukon mean '' monster . '' * >* translated from standard japanese , the phrase from the videotape > would initially have sound like , " if only shoumon then the > boukon will come . " this two capitalize word , later identify to >be dialectical , be at the time completely incomprehensible to ryuji >and asakawa . dialect can vary dramatically from region to region in > Japan , to the point of speaker of different dialect be unable to >understand one another . > the phrase on the tape can now be render , " if you keep play in > the water , the monster will come for you . " asakawa but , dialect from where ? ryuji oshima . and the site of we '' eruption '' be mt. mihara . int . library - night ryuji and asakawa be seat at cubicle , look through bound archive of old newspaper article . asakawa sneak a look at ryuji , stand up and walk off a little way . she have already pull out she cell phone . asakawa ( whisper , on phone ) yoichi ? I be gonna be a little late tonight , honey . ryuji look over he shoulder at she , scowl . asakawa you can do it yourself , right ? ok . sorry . bye . she hang up , return to she seat at the cubicle . she resume she scan of the newspaper article , and ryuji shoot she another scowl . asakawa turn a page and then stop , frown . she have spy a article that look like ... nervously , asakawa put the thumb and forefinger of each hand together , form the shape of a rectangle . or a screen . she place the rectangle over the article she have just discover , its headline read : mount mihara erupt local resident urge to take precaution ryuji notice she , lean forward excitedly . asakawa I have get it ! this old article ... the two scan the remainder of the page , and find a smaller , related article . do local girl predict eruption ? a young lady from sashikiji prefecture ... the two read over both article , absorb the detail . ryuji stand suddenly , gather he thing . asakawa what be you do ? ryuji have you newspaper get someone out there at oshima ? asakawa I think so . there should be a correspondent out there . ryuji I need you to find out , and let I know how to get hold of he . tonight . he begin walk briskly away . asakawa chase after he . asakawa what do you think you 's be --? ryuji ( angrily ) you have only get four day leave , asakawa ! you newspaper contact and I can handle this from here on out . you just stay with yoichi . ryuji stride off . asakawa stand motionless . ext . country road - day a car speed along . CUT to a gravel driveway lead up to a wooden , traditional - style house . kouichi , asakawa 's father , be stand before the entrance and putter around in he garden . the car from the previous shot drive up , come to a halt . the passenger door open and yoichi hop out , run towards the old man . asakawa walk leisurely after she son . yoichi grandpa ! kouichi whoa , there ! so , you make it , huh ? caption -- '' September 17th . Friday . '' asakawa yoichi say he 's look forward to do some fishing with you . kouichi be that so ? yoichi begin tug excitedly at he grandfather 's arm . yoichi C ’mon grandpa , let 's go ! kouichi ok , ok . we will get we thing together and then we can go . ext . river — day asakawa stand on a riverbank while she father and yoichi , gumboot on , be ankle - deep in a shallow river . yoichi hold a small net , and asakawa 's dad be point and chatter excitedly . kouichi there he be ! c’mon , there he be do not let he go ! yoichi try to scoop up the fish he grandfather be point out . kouichi oh , oh ! ah ... guess he get away huh ? yoichi that be you fault , grandpa . asakawa 's father laugh . kouichi well , whaddya say we try again ? he begin sloshing noisily out to the center of the stream , yoichi in tow . kouichi we will get ' im this time . asakawa look away , pensive . int . kouichi 's house - live room - night yoichi be pass out asleep on the tatami mat . a television loom inone corner of the live room , but it be switch off . the sliding door to the adjacent guest room be open and we can see futon set out , ready for bed . asakawa enter the live room and , see yoichi , scoops he up in she arm and carry he over to the guest room . yoichi ( sleepily ) how be work , mommy ? asakawa tuck he into the futon and walk silently off . int . kouichi 's house - staircase — night asakawa stand at the foot of the staircase , telephone receiver in hand . the phone rest on a small stand by the staircase . asakawa hello ? ryuji ( 0.s. ) yeah . you oshima contact come through . it look like the woman who predict the mihara eruption be the same woman from the video . int . ryuji 's apartment — night ryuji be crouch in front of the tv , remote in hand . the screen be pause on the scene of the woman brush she long hair . ryuji her name be yamamura shizuko . she commit suicide forty year ago by throw herself into mt. mihara . int . kouji 's house - staircase - night asakawa have you get anything else ? ryuji ( 0.s. ) I be gonna have to check it for myself . i’1l be leave for oshima tomorrow morning . asakawa oshima ? I have only get three day leave ! ryuji ( 0.s. ) I know . and I have get four . short silence . ryuji ( 0.s. ) I 'il be in touch . ryuji hang up . asakawa , deep in think , slowly place the phone back in its cradle . she turn around to walk back down the hallway only to find she father stand there , face full of concern . kouji what 's happen ? asakawa shake she head . asakawa nothing . I just have some thing leave over from work . she walk past she father , who glance worriedly after she over he shoulder . int . kouji 's house - guest room — night the light be all off and asakawa be asleep in she futon . her eye suddenly fly open as a voice sounding eerily like she decease niece tomoko call out to she . tomoko ( 0.s. ) auntie ? asakawa look around the room , get she bearing . her eye fall on the futon next to hers . asakawa yoichi ? there be a body in that futon , but it be full - grow , dress all in black . it be curl into a fetal position and have its head turn away . suddenly , the image from the video of the figure with its face shroud spring to asakawa 's mind . just a instant , its point visage materialize , and then disappear . it reappear a moment later , point more insistently now , and disappear again . asakawa blink she eye and realize that the futon next to hers be empty . yoichi be nowhere to be see . just then , she hear that high -pitch , metallic squeaking from the video . eye wide with horror , she fling the slide door apart -- -- and there , seat before the television , be yoichi . he be watch the video . it be already at the very last scene , the shot of the outdoor well . closeup on the screen now , and for just a instant we can see that something be try to claw its way out of the well . the video cut off , and the screen fill with static . shriek , asakawa race over to yoichi , cover he eye though it be already too late . she scoot over to the vcr , eject the tape and stare at it uncomprehendingly . she be then at yoichi 's side again , shaking he roughly . asakawa yoichi ! you bring this with you , do not you ? why ?!? yoichi tomo-chan ... asakawa freeze , she eye wide . yoichi tomo-chan tell I to watch it . ext . ocean — day wave be be kick up by a large passenger ship as it speed on its way . CUT to asakawa and ryuji stand on deck over the wave . ryuji I should have be more careful . when I be at you place that day , I could feel something there . I think it be just because of the video ... asakawa you mean that tomoko — ryuji that 's not tomoko . not anymore . asakawa yoichi ... he can see they too , can not he ? ryuji nod he head , lower it sadly . asakawa it 's all my fault . first tomoko die , then that three other . it should have stop there , but it do not . because of I . ryuji I wonder ... asakawa turn to ryuji suddenly . asakawa how do the rumor about the video even start in the first place ? ryuji this kind of thing ... it do not look out start by one person tell a story . it 's more like everyone 's fear just take on a life of its own . asakawa fear ... ryuji or maybe it 's not fear at all . maybe it 's what we be secretly hope for all along . ext . port — day the ship have dock , its gangplank extend . ryuji and asakawa walk the length of the gangplank towards the shore . a man name mr . hayatsu be already wait for they . he hold up a white signboard in both hand . asakawa Mr. Hayatsu ? hayatsu aah , welcome ! you must be tired after you long trip . please , this way . Mr. Hayatsu lead asakawa and ryuji to a await minivan . caption -- '' September 18th . Saturday . '' int . hayatsuns minivan - day ryuji and asakawa sit in the back . Mr. Hayatsu be behind the wheel chatter away . hayatsu back in the old day , the yamamuras use to head fishing boat out in sashikiji , though they do not much anymore . you know , one of shizuko 's cousin be still alive . he 's just a old man now . his son and he daughter - in- law run a old - fashioned inn . I go ahead and book reservation for y’all , hope that 's alright ... asakawa give the briefest of nod in reply , after which the minivan lapse into silence . asakawa look dreamily out at the mountain - studd landscape , then suddenly snap to . asakawa ( to ryuji ) why do yamamura shizuko commit suicide ? ryuji she be take a real beat in the press , be call a fraud and all sort of name . after a while she just lose it . CUT to a scene of the minivan speed along a country road . int . hayatsuns minivan — day ryuji nod . ryuji shizuko be get a lot of attention around the island after predict the eruption of mt. mihara . seem that for some time she have have a rather unique ability : precognition . it be around then that she attract the attention of a certain scholar whom you may have hear of ; ikuma heihachiro . asakawa he be drive out of the university , be not he ? ryuji this Professor ikuma convince shizuko to go to Tokyo with he , where he use she in a series of demonstration mean to prove the existence of esp . at first she 's the darling of the press , but the next thing you know they be knock she down , call she a fraud . hmph . forty year later the media still have not change that much . asakawa continue , ignore ryuji 's barb . asakawa I have hear this story . but ... I be sure I remember hearing that somebody die at one of that demonstration . a strange look cross ryuji 's face . he look away , ignore she for a moment . ryuji after get kick out of university , ikuma just vanish , and no one 's be able to get hold of he since . he 's probably not even alive anymore . asakawa but , why even try look for he ? ryuji because he 's suppose to have have a child with shizuko . a daughter . asakawa freeze . in she mind , she see a small figure dress in white , its face hide by long , black hair . it be the figure from the video . ext . outside yamamura villa - day Mr. Hayatsu lead asakawa and ryuji to the entrance . hayatsu hello ? the inkeeper , a middle - age lady name kazue wear a traditional kimono , come shuffle up . she address Mr. Hayatsu . kazue thank you . she turn to asakawa and ryuji . kazue ( cont have ) welcome . hayatsu well , I ’11l be off then . he give a little bow and be off . kazue , meanwhile , have produce two pair of slipper , which she offer to ryuji and asakawa . kazue please . ryuji and asakawa begin remove they shoe . int . yamamura villa - staircase - day kazue lead ryuji and asakawa up a shadow , wooden staircase . kazue and for you room , how shall we ...? ryuji Separate , please . kazue ' Sir . int . yamamura villa - 2 nd floor - day kazue give a little bow . kazue this way . kazue turn to the right . almost immediately after reach the top of the step , however , a strange look cross ryuji 's face . he head down the opposite end of the corridor , asakawa close behind . kazue ( alarmed ) Sir ! ryuji fling open the sliding door to one of the older room . there , hang from one of the wall , be the oval - shape mirror from the video , the one use by the mysterious lady to brush she long hair . ryuji stare at the mirror , almost wince . he turn around as if to look at asakawa , but continue turn , look past she . asakawa follow he gaze , as do kazue . stand at the end of the corridor be a old man , mr . yamamura . yamamura regards they silently , balefully . break the silence , kazue gesture for asakawa and ryuji to follow . kazue ( softly ) please , this way . asakawa race past the innkeeper towards the old man . he keep he back turn towards she . asakawa please ! if you could just answer a few question , about shizuko ... yamamura I get nuthin’ to say . asakawa it 's about shizuko 's daughter . the old man say nothing . asakawa she do have a daughter , do not she ? yamamura regards she for a moment , then turn to walk away . yamamura you be waste you time . int . yamamura villa - dine room - night the table be laid out with a elaborate - look dinner . asakawa sit alone , knee curl up to she chin , eye wide and frighten . she be whimper softly to herself . just then , the door slide open and ryuji walk in . he sit at the table and pick up a pair of chopstick . ryuji be not you gonna eat ? asakawa umm ... ryuji hm ? asakawa you will stay with I will not you ? when it 's time for I to die . ryuji oh , stop it . asakawa scoot across the tatami mat towards the table , grab ryuji fiercely by the arm . asakawa you 'il stay , will not you ? if you stay , maybe you have learn something that could help yoichi -- ryuji I say stop it ! have you forget there be a girl with tomoko when she die ? that girl 's now ina mental institution . who know what could happen . asakawa but you could stay with I , ryuji . you have be ok . ryuji ( angrily ) why , because I be already not right in the head ? asakawa release she hold on ryuji 's arm , lower she head . ryuji slam he chopstick down angrily . ryuji if that 's the case , why not just let thing run its course , get rid of father - and - son ? yoichi be a mistake , anyway . asakawa stop it ! short silence . when ryuji speak up again , he voice be soft , reassure . ryuji we still have two day leave ... just then the voice of the innkeeper call tentatively out from the other side of the slide door . kazue ( 0.s. ) Excuse I ? ryuji come in . kazue slide the door open . she stand hesitantly in the doorway , something tuck under one arm . kazue it 's about miss shizuko . ryuji shoot a glance at asakawa and stand up from the table , walk towards the innkeeper . kazue this be all that there be ... kazue produce a old black and white photograph . the photo show a woman , seat , dress in a kimono . a man in a western -style suit stand beside she . ryuji be this Professor ikuma ? hear this asakawa leap up , walk over to examine the picture for herself . kazue ..y . this picture be from before I have enter the household . she pause a moment . kazue ( cont have ) I should go now . the innkeeper scuttle off , leave asakawa and ryuji alone with the photograph . unbidden , the voice from the video enter they thought . voice shoumon bakkari ... boukon ga kuru zo ... ext . izu seashore - day asakawa watch ryuji stride down the shore . caption -- '' September 19th . Monday . '' ryuji stroll up to find old man yamamura sit alone , stare out at the sea . yamamura glance up to see ryuji approach . ryuji take a seat next to the old man , but it 's yamamura who speak first . the deep basso of he voice emphasize the drawl of he accent . yamamura y’all have do best to be off soon . Sea 's probably gonna be rough tonight . ryuji what kind of a child be shizuko ? yamamura shizuko be ... different . she have come out here by herself ever ’day an’ just stare out at the ocean . the fisherman all take a dislikin’ to she . Ocean 's a unlucky place for we , y’see : every year it swallow up more of we own . you keep starin’ out at something 's ike that ... ryuji shoumon bakkari shite ’ru to , boukon ga kuru zo . '' if you keep play in the water , the monster will come for you . '' yamamura look at ryuji , surprised . ryuji shizuko could see '' inside '' people , could not she ? down to the place they have most like to keep hide . it must have be difficult for she ... yamamura rise unsteadily to he foot , feature twisted angrily . yamamura please leave ! now ! ryuji stand , take hold of yamamura 's arm . ryuji I have get a little of that ability myself . it be you who spread the word about shizuko , be not it ? and you who first contact Professor ikuma ? yamamura what be you --? ryuji you think you have be able to make some money off she . you even get some , from one of the newspaper . yamamura leave I the hell alone ! Mr. yamamura stride angrily off . both ryuji and asakawa take pursuit , ryuji call out from behind yamamura 's back . ryuji tell we about shizuko 's daughter . who be she ? yamamura I do not know ! ryuji she be there , with shizuko . she have to be . yamamura 's pace , which have become increasingly erratic , finally cause he to stumble and fall . ryuji come up behind he , grasp he firmly . at they touch ryuji 's power awaken , and as he peer into the old man 's mind there be a sudden blind flash the set be a large meeting hall . a number of people be seat in fold chair before a stage , on which be a four men in business suit and a woman in a kimono . a banner hang above the stage , which read public demonstration on the existence of clairvoyance . flash ryuji eye widen as he realize he be see shizuko 's demonstration before the press . he also realize -- ryuji ( to yamamura ) you be there ! flash yamamura shizuko , the woman in the kimono , be sit at a table onstage . her face be calm and expressionless . stand off to one side and peer from behind the curtain be a young Mr. yamamura . ryuji ( 0.s. ) you stand there and watch the demonstration . CUT back to the beach . asakawa come run up toward ryuji and the prone Mr. yamamura . suddenly there be another flash asakawa , she eye wide , find herself inside the scene , relive it as if she have actually be there . she watch as shizuko receive a seal clay pot in both hand . shizuko regards the pot a moment and then place it gently on the table before she . she take a calligraphy stylus from the table , begin write on a thin , rectangular sheet of rice paper . the member of the press talk excitedly , craning they neck for a better look . onstage , a judge hold up the phrase write by shizuko and the fold sheet of paper take from the seal pot . the phrase on both sheet be identical . judge Match . cameras begin flashing excitedly . shizuko 's feature melt into a soft smile . the experiment be perform again , and again the phrase write by shizuko correspond to the seal sheet of paper . judge Match . again and again , shizuko unerringly demonstrate she power to '' see '' the unseen . finally , a bearded reporter explode from he chair begin stride angrily towards the stage . reporter faker ! this be nothing but trickery , and the lowest form of trickery at that . the reporter stop at the foot of the stage , point he finger accusingly at shizuko . reporter what be you try to pull , woman ? a second reporter sit in the front row also rise to he foot . reporter # 2 that 's right ! Professor ikuma , you be be fool ! by now most of the press have rise from they chair , point and shouting angrily . onstage , shizuko back away , eye wide and frighten . she cover both ear , try to block out the increase din . Professor ikuma hold she protectively by the shoulder . the first reporter be still shouting angrily , he voice rise above the other . suddenly , a pain look cross he face and he collapse to the floor . the crowd , and asakawa as well , see that the reporter 's face be contort into a grotesque mask of fear . reporter # 3 what 's happen ? reporter # 4 he 's dead ! reporter # 5 ( to shizuko ) witch ! Professor ikuma begin lead shizuko offstage . they stop as someone unseen step up , block they passage . shizuko 's eye widen , she head shaking in disbelief . shizuko sadako ? be it you ? CUT to ryuji on the beach . he look up excitedly . ryuji sadako ?! he recall the image from the video , the alien eye with the single character sada reflect in reverse . * >* the majority of girl ' name in japanese end in either - mis ( " beauty " ) >or - ko ( " child " ) . thus , sadako mean " chaste child . " sadako be , of >course , the mysterious daughter of shizuko and Professor ikuma . ryuji sadako kill he ? she can kill just with a think ? yamamura she 's ... a devil spawn . CUT back to the demonstration hall . sadako , she face completely hide by she long hair , run offstage ... and head directly for asakawa . asakawa instinctively raise she arm , and sadako grasp it fiercely . all the nail on sadako 's hand be stripped away ; she finger be raw , bloody stump . CUT back to the beach . asakawa , still catch in the throes of the vision , have begin to swoon . finally she leg give out and she crumple to the beach . ryuji grab hold of she supportively . he glance down at she wrist , see a ugly , purple bruise already beginning to form . the bruise be in the shape of five long , spindly finger . Mr. yamamura slowly rise to a sit position , and together the three watch the approach of ominous , dark STORM cloud . int . mr. hayatsuns house - dusk asakawa be on the phone , she voice almost frantic . asakawa that 's right . after yamamura shizuko commit suicide , Professor ikuma take the daughter and run . no , no one know where they go . that 's why I need - you - to find out where they be . even if the professor 's dead , sadako should still be in she forty . I x11 explain it all later , but right now just hurry ! asakawa slam the phone down . pan to show ryuji slump in one corner of the room , he back to the wall . ryuji sadako 's probably already dead . she could kill people with just a think , remember ? her mother be not even close to that . asakawa ( flustered ) well , what about that video ? if sadako 's dead then who make it ? ryuji nobody make it . it be not make at all . that video ... be the pure , physical manifestation of sadako 's hatred . ryuji turn to regard asakawa , he eye blank . ryuji we have be curse . there be a moment of silence before Mr. Hayatsu slide the door open , almost fall into the room . he be out of breath , and speak rapidly . hayatsu it 's no good . with the typhoon come in , all ship be temporarily stay dock . ryuji what about the fishing boat ? tell they captain I 'il pay . hayatsu fishing boat ? Sir , without know whether this typhoon be go to hit we or not , I think it have be better to wait and see how thing turn -- ryuji interrupt he , slamm both palm on the table . glass rattle wildly . ryuji Fine ! I ’1l1 try search myself ! ryuji stand and race past Mr. Hayatsu out into the rain . Hayatsu take pursuit , call after he . hayatsu Mr. takayama !? Mr. takayama ... asakawa , leave alone , stare down at the tatami mat . ext . ocean - night White - cap wave roll angrily in a black sea . int . mr. hayatsuns house - night asakawa sit at a table , alone , she hand clasped as if in prayer . her eye be wide and glassy . the phone ring suddenly and asakawa dive for it , wrenching it from the cradle before it can ring a second time . asakawa hello ? okazaki ( 0.s. ) Mrs. asakawa ? I be sorry . I try , but I could not come up with any lead at all . a look of abject fear cross asakawa 's face . she begin retreate into herself . okazaki ( 0.s. ) hello ? asakawa ( softly ) thank you ... asakawa slowly place the phone back in its cradle . almost immediately , she face begin to crumple . she fall to she knee , sobbing into the floor . asakawa yoichi ... she cry a while longer but suddenly stop . her face , eye streak with tear , shoot suddenly up , stare directly at the telephone . asakawa ( softly ) izu ... ext . izu wharf - night asakawa stand look down on the wharf , scan . several fishing boat be dock . the wind whip she hair crazily around . she continue scan , and suddenly she spy --— asakawa ( call ) ryuji ! asakawa run down onto the wharf , head towards ryuji . he be in mid-conversation with Mr. Hayatsu . asakawa ryuji ! the phone in my apartment never ring ! it only ever ring at the rental cottage ! Professor ikuma must have ... ryuji and we have get no way of go back . hayatsu it 's too dangerous ! the think of anybody go out in this weather ... the three fall into silence as they realize the powerlessness of they situation . suddenly , a deep voice boom from behind they . yamamura ( 0.s. ) I 'il take you out . the three spin around to see Mr. yamamura , he robe flap in the gusty night air . he begin walk towards they . yamamura sadako be callin’ y’all , reckon . mayhap to drag you down under the water . short silence . ryuji shoot a short question glance at asakawa , turn back to face Mr. yamamura . ryuji please . take we out . ext . ocean - night a tiny fishing boat be toss about on the wave . Mr. yamamura stand at the wheel , he face expressionless . int . mr. yamamura 's fishing boat - night ryuji and asakawa be crouch close together in the cabin . asakawa 's expression be dreamy , faraway . asakawa it 's funny . I be not afraid at all . ryuji lean over , rub she hand comfortingly . suddenly he switch back into analytical mode . ryuji sadako probably die back out there at izu , before the rental cottage be ever build . asakawa so , sadako be Professor ikuma 's daughter ? ryuji ( nodd ) ikuma smuggle she out in secret . his relationship with shizuko be already a scandal , and one of the reason he get drumm out of the university ... we have gotta find sadako 's body . asakawa ( excitedly ) be that go to break the curse ? will yoichi be all right ? ryuji it 's all we have get leave to try . asakawa just one more day ... ryuji put he arm around asakawa . ext . mr. yamamura 's fishing boat - dawn ryuji stand on deck , look out over the water . he head down below toward the captain 's area . Mr. yamamura be at the wheel . ryuji we make it . maybe sadako do not have it out for we after all . Long pause as Mr. yamamura say nothing . yamamura shizuko ... she use to - speak - to the ocean , just ramble away . one time I hide , listenin’ to one of she conversation . Mr. yamamura pause again . yamamura ( cont would ) and it be not in no human language . ext . mr. yamamura 's fishing boat - dawn asakawa have climb out on deck and be look up towards the sunrise . caption -- '' September 20th . Monday . '' ext . hardware store — day ryuji race out of the store , load down with supplies . he hold a pair of bucket in one hand and a crowbar and shovel in the other . length of rope be coiled over he leave shoulder . he run towards a rental car , pass by asakawa who stand at a payphone , receiver in hand . yoichi ( 0.s. ) hello ? asakawa yoichi ? it 's mommy . I just call to say I ’1ll be come home tomorrow . ryuji shoot a look at she over he shoulder . yoichi ( 0.s. ) I be tired of it here , mom ! I wanna go back to school . asakawa ( smile ) yoichi , it 's rude to you grandpa to talk like that . yoichi ( 0.s. ) he 's laugh . you wanna talk to he ? asakawa no , that 's ... asakawa pause , she voice hitching . she seem about to lose she composure . asakawa I be sorry , yoichi . i’1ll ... i’1l see you tomorrow . yoichi ( 0.s. ) what 's wrong ? asakawa 's face scrunches up in a effort to hold back tear . asakawa mommy 's get something she have to do . say hello to grandpa for I , ok ? ryuji stand by the car , scowling over at asakawa . he shut the door , just short of a slam . CUT to asakawa hang up the phone . she half - run towards the rental car and enter the passenger side , stare blankly into space . ryuji slide into the driver 's seat , buckle he seatbelt . ryuji what time be it when you first watch the video ? asakawa glance at she watch . asakawa Seven or eight minute past seven . pm . no more than ten minute past . ryuji if the rumor be true , that time be gonna be we deadline . asakawa buckle up as ryuji step on the gas . int . rental car - day asakawa sit in the passenger side . her face be almost angelic , with the faintest hint of a smile . ryuji shoot a question look at she . ext . country road - day the white rental car tear past the sign read izu Pacific land . the car continue into the lot , screeching around corner before come to a abrupt halt . asakawa , she face still oddly expressionless , get out of the passenger side . ryuji exit as well , the hint of a shudder run through he as he regards the series of rental cabin . ryuji - here - . CUT to asakawa and ryuji walk up the gravel path towards the rental cabin . ryuji look back over he shoulder as both he and asakawa stop before cabin b4 . the cabin be on stilt , its underbelly fence off by wooden laticework . ryuji drop most of he supplies to the ground , but keep hold of the pick . he raise the pick over one shoulder and begin smash away at the latticework . when he have clear enough space for passage , he begin pick up supplies and toss they hastily within . when finish , he hold a hand out for asakawa . the two enter the earthen basement . under cottage b4 - day ryuji pull a flashlight out , flick it on . the beam arc outward illuminate what look more like a old mine shaft than a modern rental cottage . the beam halt when it suddenly encounter a old stone well . the well be badly chip on one side , and seal off with a solid-look stone lid . ryuji rush quickly towards it . ryuji I know it ! the well . he squat down beside the well , set the flashlight on the lid . asakawa sink slowly down beside he . asakawa the well ... ryuji reach out and take asakawa 's hand . he set they enclasp hand onto the lid , and together they begin lightly trace the surface of the lid with they free hand . asakawa close she eye in concentration ... and suddenly , as with the incident on the beach , asakawa find herself draw into ryuji 's psychometric vision . flash the picture be black and white , grainy like old film . a young girl in a white gown walk slowly towards a open well . she place she hand on the lip of the well , peer curiously down . flash asakawa look up , she eye wide open . flash there be now a second person in the vision , a elderly man in a old - fashioned tweed suit stand behind the young girl . he suddenly produce some blade object , and strike the girl savagely across the back of the head . the girl fall forward . the man drop to the ground , grab the girl behind the knee and hoist she limp body over the lip and into the well . the body fall into its depth . pant heavily , the man lean forward and grasp the lip of the well with both hand , look down . he flash a guilty look in either direction , check that he crime have go unnotice , and as he do so asakawa realize that she know this face . the image from the videotape , like a face in the moon : it have be sadako inside the well , look up to see this man stare back down at she . this man whose name be Professor ikuma heihachiro . flash asakawa her own father ! the energy seem to drain out of asakawa in a rush , and she body crumble . ryuji catch hold of she . ryuji it be ikuma who put this lid on . and sadako 's still inside . ryuji stand quickly , take hold of the crowbar . he insert it under the lid and begin try to pry it off , face scrunch with effort . asakawa dig she finger in and lend she own strength as well . slowly , the lid begin to move . ryuji toss the crowbar aside and the two lean the combine weight of they body into it . the lid slide off , drop to the earth with a dull thud . ryuji sit to one side , wind with effort , as asakawa take hold of the flashlight . she shine it down into the well , but it only seem to intensify the gloom . what water she can see look fetid and brackish . ryuji see she expression and begin remove he jacket . ryuji I ’l1l go . he walk off , leave asakawa alone . CUT to a overhead shot of the well . a rope be fastened to one side , and ryuji have already begin lowering himself down . his eye wander overthe grime - smear wall , and with a shudder he begin to pick out human fingernails . torn loose and spatter with blood , countless fingernails line the side of the well . ryuji sadako be alive ! she have try to climb she way out . ryuji 's face twist into a grimace as if momentarily experience sadako ’sterrible agony . he wait a moment longer before edging he way down the rope again , finally splashing to rest at the bottom of the well . he hold he flashlight above the brackish water , call up to asakawa . ryuji lower the bucket ! asakawa nod and lower two plastic bucket fastened to a rope . ryuji grab one and scoops up a bucketful of water , tug on the rope when finish . ryuji take it up ! asakawa hoist the bucket up to the rim of the well . she walk a small distance and toss the content out onto the ground . she happen to glance through the wooden lattice to the outside , and with a start realize that the sun have already start to set . a nervous glance at she watch later and she be back at the well , lowering the empty bucket to find another full one already await she . ryuji take it up ! in the well , ryuji glance at he watch . he look at it for a long moment , the expression on he face say we be not go to make it . time pass as asakawa pull up bucketload after bucketload , she strength beginning to fade . she half -stumble , glance up ... and be shocked to realize that night have fall . CUT to asakawa slowly pull up yet another bucket , she strength almost go . she look at she watch and see that it be now past 6:00 . she call frantically down to ryuji . asakawa it 's already six ! ryuji ( explosively ) I know ! hurry up and take it up !! the bucket slowly jerk into motion . asakawa pull it up to the rim of the well , hold it unsteadily . she take one falter step and fall , spilling the bucket 's content onto the ground . CUT to ryuji in the well , stand ready with another bucketful . ryuji take it up ! nothing happen . ryuji asakawa ! the bucket begin move , even slower than before . CUT to asakawa , she body tremble with effort . by now it 's all she can do to simply keep she body move . she glance behind she , see through the wooden lattice that it be now pitch black . a look of resignation cross she face and she release she hold on the bucket , she body crumpling and fall in on itself . CUT to the bucket splash back into the well , narrowly miss ryuji . ryuji ( fume ) what the hell be you do ? try to get I kill ? CUT back to asakawa , she face dead . ryuji call out from the well . ryuji ( 0.s. ) hey ! asakawa fall backward onto the ground , arm splay . CUT to the rim of the well . ryuji pull himself up over the rim , catch sight of asakawa . ryuji asakawa ! she lift she head up but say nothing as ryuji walk over to she . ryuji we will change . you be in no condition to keep this up . asakawa suddenly spring into life . her voice be frantic , fearful . asakawa : no! ryuji who do you expect to pull up this bucket , then ? asakawa but , we do not even know if it 's do any good ... ryuji stride forward and slap asakawa painfully across the cheek . he begin shaking she roughly for good measure . ryuji and what about yoichi , huh ? be he mother not come to pick he up after all ? he release he hold on she . the two stare at each other a long time , say nothing . CUT to a overhead shot of asakawa be lower into the well . CUT now to asakawa inside the well , she face and clothes cover with grime , body simultaneously limp with exhaustion and tense with fright . unable to resist the impulse , asakawa slowly look over she shoulder and down into the well . the dankness , the claustrophobia seep in and she draw in she breath in the first sign of panic . ryuji do not look down ! she return she gaze , crane she neck upward . CUT to ryuji lean over the rim of the well , peer down at she . for a instant , everything become monochrome . it 's not ryuji look down at she at all ; it 's Professor ikuma , check to see if she 's still alive or if the blow to the back of she head have finish she off . CUT to asakawa , she eye wide with fright . asakawa come to rest at the bottom of the well . a flashlight hang from another rope , but its beam have almost no effect on the darkness . asakawa crouch forward , hand move searchingly through the water . she call out pleadingly . asakawa where be you ? please , come out . asakawa straighten , unty herself from the rope . a full bucket already await . she tug on the rope and ryuji pull it up . she scoops up a second bucket , but something stop she from send it up . instead , she begin run she arm through the water again , she voice close to tear . asakawa please . where be you ? asakawa continue she blind fumble , which send up little splashes of stagnant water . with a start , she realize that she finger have catch something . seaweed ? asakawa draw she hand close for a better look ... and see that be hair . a thick clump of long , black hair . suddenly a pale , thin arm shoot out from beneath the water , catch asakawa just below the wrist . asakawa 's ear be fill with a SOUND like moan as something slowly rise from its watery slumber . it be a girl , she face completely hide by long , black hair . CUT toa shot of asakawa 's face . Far from be frighten , she feature be oddly placid . she regards the fearsome thing before she with a almost tender look . asakawa reach out , lightly stroke that long hair . asakawa it 's you ... she stroke the hair again , and abruptly it peel right off the head with a loud squelch . revealed be not a face at all but a skull . its socket be at first menacingly empty , but then begin to ooze the green sludge it have pull up from the bottom of the well . like a mother comforting a frighten child , asakawa pull the skeletal remain to she breast , stroke the bony head comfortingly . her eye begin to glaze . CUT to ryuji racing up to the rim of the well , lean down intently . ryuji hey ! asakawa ! it 's already 10 minute past seven ! we do it ! down in the well , asakawa continue stare blankly ahead . her body suddenly fall forward , limp . ext . outside cottage b4 — night Three police car be park outside the rental cottage , crimson headlight flash . a few cop walk by , two of they carry something off in white plastic bag . CUT to ryuji and asakawa sit on the curb . asakawa be stare off at something , a blanket drape over she shoulder . asakawa why would ikuma have kill she ? his own daughter ... ryuji maybe she be not he daughter at all . asakawa what ? ryuji maybe she father ... be not even human . the two exchange glance . ryuji 's gaze fall to asakawa 's wrist , which he suddenly take and hold close to he face . the ugly bruise where sadako have grab she have disappear . ryuji it 's go ... he shake he head , clear he analytical mind of they ordeal . ryuji enough , already . it 's over . C ’mon . i’1l take you home . ryuji stand , pull asakawa to she foot . ext . outside askawa 's apartment - night ryuji 's white car pull up into the parking lot . he and asakawa get out , regard each other from opposite side of the car . there be a long moment where neither of they say anything . ryuji get some rest . he flash she the slight of grin . ryuji ( cont have ) I still have a thesis to finish . CUT to a shot of ryuji and asakawa , the car create a almost metaphoric distance between they . asakawa .». thank you . ryuji nod silently by way of reply . he get into he car and drive off . asakawa watch he go , and then walk towards the entrance of she apartment . int . asakawa 's apartment - bedroom - morning asakawa walk into she room , sit on the edge of she bed . it be now morning , and she sit dazedly watch the sun come up . int . ryuji 's apartment - morning ryuji sit busily scribbling into a notebook . he stop write a moment to regard he note while take a sip of coffee . he glance over at he blackboard for confirmation when a small scowl cross he brow . it 's go a moment later as he chuckle wryly to himself . ryuji that girl ... ryuji stand , walk over to the blackboard . he fix mai 's little prank with a single chalk stroke . ext . asakawa 's apartment - veranda - morning asakawa emerge , take in the dawn . at first she face be calm and tranquil ... but she feature change as the sun almost noticeably darken and a wind begin to kick up she hair . she now look very anxious . caption -- '' September 21st. Tuesday . '' note : this next scene be entirely visual . if you be read this translation before watch the movie , do yourself a favor ; stop read this now and watch the scene for itself . int . ryuji 's apartment - morning ryuji be busy scribbling away at he note again . his hand suddenly cease , eye dance worriedly as he hear a faint ... no . breath rattling fearfully in he throat , ryuji spin around to face the television set . he get out of he seat for a better look , fall to he knee on the tatami . the image that fill the screen be the last scene from the videotape ; the shot of the well . the SOUND from before come louder now , more insistent , a metallic screeching that both repulse and beckon he closer . ryuji crawl on all four towards the screen , stare at its unchange image with terrible forebode . there be a flash of motion as something shoot out of the well . a hand . first one , and then another , as sadako , still in she grimy white dress , face hide beneath long , oily strand of hair , begin slowly pull herself out . the television screen jump unsteadily , fill with static as if barely able to contain she image . CUT back and forth between ryuji , who be beginning to visibly panic , and the television , which show sadako lurching ever closer . ryuji ( almost frantic ) why ?! the telephone ring , and ryuji spin round towards it , breath catch in he throat . he look at the phone , over he shoulder at the television , back to the phone . ryuji that 's it ! asakawa ... ryuji scramble wildly towards the phone . he take the receiver but be unable to do more than clutch it fearfully as he gaze be draw inexorably back to the television . sadako 's shroud face have fill the entire screen ... and then , television pop and crackle , she jerk forward and emerge from the television onto the floor of ryuji 's apartment . ryuji back away , scream in terror . ryuji aaargh ! sadako lie prone , collapse , hair splay out like a drown corpse . only she finger be active , crawl , feel . the tip of she finger be little more than bloody stump , not a single fingernail on they . she use the strength in that finger to pull herself forward , come jerkily to she foot . the joint of she body twist unnaturally , more insect - like than human . ryuji fling the phone aside and begin scramble about the apartment as if look for cover . the strength have already begin to fade from he body , however , and he movement be clumsy , exaggerated . he fall to the floor , panting heavily . sadako turn to regard he , and for just a instant we can see beneath she impenetrable shroud of hair ; a single eye burn with manic , unbridle hatred . its gaze meet ryuji 's , and he face twist into a grimace as he scream loudly . flash ext . kouji 's house - front yard - day yoichi sit on the lawn , doodling into a large sketchpad . he suddenly stop , eye register that he have somehow feel he father 's death . int . asakawa 's apartment -— day asakawa clutches the receiver to she ear . she can still hear the sound of metallic screeching come from the video , though they be now become softer . ext . outside ryuji 's apartment build - day asakawa come run down a side street , turn the corner and make for the entrance to ryuji 's apartment building . there be a single guard post at the entrance . he reach out , catch asakawa lightly by the arm . guard be you a resident here , mar ’am ? asakawa I be takayama ryuji 's wife ! the guard drop he hand , and asakawa make for the entrance . guard I be sorry mar ’am , but they have already take the body away . asakawa 's spin around , eye wide . body ? int . hallway outside ryuji 's apartment - day mai be there , slump against one wall . asakawa come run up , drop to she knee and grasp mai by the shoulder . asakawa what happen ? mai shake she head dreamily . mai when I get here he be just lie there ... asakawa do he say anything to you ? about a videotape ? mai shake she head again , shake it harder until the breath catch in she throat . mai his face ... mai fall into silence , curl up on herself . asakawa leave she and cross toward the door to ryuji 's apartment . int . ryuji 's apartment - day the front door open wildly , noisily forward . asakawa come rush in , eye darting about the apartment . she think frantically to herself . asakawa ( vo ) ryuji ... why ? do this mean that yoichi will die , too ? be the curse not break yet ? her gaze fall to the television set . she dive forward , press the eject button on the vcr . sure enough , the tape be still in the deck . she take the tape and leave . int . asakawa 's apartment - live room - night asakawa walk slowly , dreamily forward . she drop the videotape loudly onto the coffee table and slouches into a chair . her eye fall to the frame photograph of yoichi on one of the shelf . this snap asakawa out of she daze and she begin whisper intently to herself , think . asakawa I be the only one to break sadako 's curse . ryuji ... why ...? something I do that you do not ... something I do that you do not ... asakawa give up , lower she face into she hand . when she look up again , she happen to glance at the television screen - - and its glare reveal that there be someone else in the room with she . it be the figure from the videotape , the silent accuser with the cloth drape over its face . with a start , asakawa realize that the figure be wear ryuji 's clothes . asakawa ryuji ?! she spin around , but the room be empty . asakawa 's mind race . the figure have be point towards she bag . she stand , rummages in she bag to produce she copy of the curse videotape . she take ryuji 's copy in she other hand , she eye darting between the two tape . asakawa something I do that you do not ... it suddenly click home as asakawa look full - on at ryuji 's version of the tape , plainly mark copy . asakawa what break the curse be that I copy the tape and show it to someone else ! CUT to asakawa slowly pull she vcr from the television stand . a look of almost frightening resolve etch she face . ext . highway — day arial shot of asakawa 's car . we hear she voice on the cell phone . asakawa ( 0.s. ) dad ? it 's I . I be on my way over . look , dad , I have get something to ask . it 's for yoichi ... int . asakawa 's car - day closeup on the vcr in the passenger side . CUT to asakawa at the wheel as time spiral forward , the decision of the present already become rumor of the future . girl a ( vo ) they say there 's a way you can stay alive after you watch the video . you have gotta make a copy of it , and show it to somebody else inside a week . girl B ( vo ) but what about the person you show it to ? girl a ( vo ) well , then they make a copy and show it to somebody else . again , inside a week . girl C ( vo ) ( laugh ) then there 's no end to it . girl a ( vo ) that 's just it . there - be - no end . but if it mean not die ... you have do it would not you ? asakawa 's eye begin to well . her car speed along the highway , to the direction of menace - look STORM cloud . caption -- '' September 22nd . Wednesday . '' fade to black as the caption turn blood red .