the crazies current revision by ray wright from a script by scott kosar base on the film by GEORGE romero draft 02/20/07 ext . old prairie road - night it 's dusk . the din of night insect be all around . we be trudging along a rutte dirt road toward a glow on the horizon ... ext . ball field , ogden marsh high school , kansas - night a baseball game be play under the light behind the local high school . student , faculty , townspeople fill the wooden bleacher . it 's the regional playoff . everybody be here . the mayor , the pastor , the FIRE chief , all the vip a small town have to offer . even the town sheriff have turn up for the end of the game . he park he cruiser in the overflow lot and come down the hill to the diamond , key jangling on he belt beside a holster gun he never use . david dutton . easy -go . second-generation sheriff . pillar of the community . Trading a dozen hellos , clap some old timer on the shoulder , give the coach a thumb - up about the score , he come around the backstop to the little concession trailer . set he hat on the counter . handsome . grinning with hometown pride . david they be playin ' well , kev , they be playin ' awful damn well . win this one they could have a shot . ( to vendor 's wife in b.g . ) hey Linda . she nod hi . the vendor pour he a cup of coffee , on the house . vendor fryeburg 's tough . they would be next . david ( smile fade ) fryeburg , yeah . shit . well , one at a time , one at a time ... David head off , coffee in hand . david thanks , kev. David lean on the sideline fence , sip he coffee , watch the game . the star pitcher blow a fastball past the batter . David let out a howl . david scotty mcleod ! you throw like you drive , son , too damn fast ! he put down he coffee so he can applaud the strikeout with both hand then pick it up again and take another sip . david look alive , fella ! deano , watch the squeeze ! no one have yet notice the dark figure walk out of the shadowy wood beyond the outfield . weaving like a drunkard , he walk right onto the play field , oblivious to the game . aman of fifty . local pig farmer . his name be rory hamill . he be carry a shotgun . head turn , mouth fall open in the bleacher and dugout , everybody stare in collective disbelief . it 's surreal , a guy with a gun just walk past petey Jenkins in leave field . david rory , what in God -- ? David drop he coffee and jump the fence , go out across the diamond to intercept he , holler , wave he hand . david rory , whoa , rory , rory , whoa , whoa , whoa ! rory hamill get as far as the infield before David , cut in front of he now , keep ten foot of distance , finally get he attention . david stop I say !! rory stop , glassy - eye , head lolling sickly to one side . David keep he gun holster , try to reason with he . the player freeze at they position on the field . david the hell you do , rore ? hunh ? get a ball game go on here . we be play ball , you come out here with a gun ? the goddamn hell you do ? rory cast a glance around the field . a dizzying number of face out there . all eye on he . he wobble a little , catch himself . david Lay it down , rory , you be drunk . his gaze float back to David and it 's different than it be a moment ago . harder . deadly . David be not a man easily spook , but that look send a chill right through he . david Lay it down ! rory take a waver step forward . David draw he weapon . rory respond in kind , leveling he . people gasp . David retreat a step . might be the first time in he life he 's have a gun point at he by someone ready to use it . david do not do it , rory ! do not you do it ! rory bring he eye to the sight , draw back on the trigger and - bang ! - David shoot first . a single shot , but a deadly one . rory hamill collapse midfield . scream from the bleacher and sob in the aftersilence as the whole town register the strange human tragedy that just play out under the light behind the high school . a body facedown in the grass behind the pitcher 's mound , sheriff David dutton stand over it , astonished , hold in he hand the gun he never use . fade to black . ext . field / house - before sunrise the stillness of prairie grass in the blue hush before dawn . Beyond it , a traditional white clapboard house with a old barn that need painting . int . bedroom , same house - continuous a young woman awaken to find she husband 's side of the bed empty . run a hand over the sheet , check for body warmth . it 's cold . strange . she put on a robe . int . stair - continuous come downstairs in the darken house . woman Babe ...? no reply . worried , she come down the hall into the - int . kitchen - continuous no sign of he . she startles at a movement behind she . the screen door , creak back and forth in a draft . she come over to close it and see , through the screen , she husband sit alone outside in the shadowy dawn . ext . back yard - continuous it 's David out here , second - guess himself . his wife judy sit down quietly beside he , come to lend a sympathetic ear . if he be one pillar of the community , she be the other , a local standout who come back from mo school to be the town doctor . david he do not give I a choice . Judy shake she head in reassurance of that fact . take he hand for moral support . look to the distance , reflect . judy you ask I once when we first get together if I think less of you for stay here after high school and follow in you dad 's footstep . I want you to know something . people like you , the one that stay , be the reason why people like I come back . David meet she gaze , hearten by that , and then place he hand gently , tellingly , on she midsection . david you should be sleep . ext . highway 50 - day David 's cruiser travel through the lonesome countryside . ext . hamill house - day turn in the drive of a rundown farmhouse on the outskirt of town . poorest family in Ogden marsh . parking , get out , David meet eye with two boy feed pig behind the barn . jake and curt hamill . rory 's teenage son . tough kid , but they have both be cry . before David can say anything they turn coldly away . he go up the front step to the house . take off he hat , knock . the door open to reveal rory 's widow . peggy hamill . awkward be a understatement . David be the last person she expect to see on she doorstep this morning . david Peggy , I ... ( sudden loss for word ) I know what I be gonna say before I get here ... ( then ) I be real sorry , peg . I like rory , I like he a lot . whatever resentment she might have harbore be defuse by David 's simple decency . look he in the face , she just crumble . it 's heartbreaking . peggy hamill ( in heaving sob ) what be he doin ' ? what be he doin ' ? David hold she , the only thing keep she upright . and we see they from a distance , together in they anguish , the town sheriff and the wife he make a widow . ext . town CENTER , ogden marsh , kansas - day a lone street light flash yellow on Main Street . it will do that all day . a a & p , a post office , a bank . no frill . no artifice . like the people that live here . David 's cruiser pull up outside c. R. Finley funeral Home which double as the town morgue . int . finley funeral home - day mortician charle finley and the town pastor be discuss funeral arrangement in the dimly - light foyer . David enter and they go silent , unintentionally . david pastor , Charlie ... town pastor ( to Finley in parting ) I will talk to the family , see if that schedule suit they . the pastor pat David 's arm as he exit , a gesture of solidarity . David come over to Finley . a odd man whose bony feature reflect the grim solitude of he trade . david Medical examiner still here ? finley be a minute ago . david Charlie , whatever the cost be for the funeral , bill come to I , all right ? Finley nod okay . David head for the back . int . back room , town morgue - day tip of a pen write : " aorta rupture - fatal wound : gunshot ... " the medical examiner , bald , bespectacle , finish he autopsy note . David walk over . a body sheeted in plastic on the autopsy table . tag on the toe : hamill , rory C . david just want to get he blood - alcohol , put in my report . medical examiner Zero-point-zero . david come again ? medical examiner Zero-point — - david I hear what you say . stacy , that 's not right , he be drunk . the examiner shake he head . collect he thing to go . medical examiner checked it twice . rory be a drinker , but not last night . he exit . David , baffle , peel back the sheet and study the corpse like it might offer clue . but there be only the grim reality of death . the tell - tale y-shape incision suture shut across the torso . and the small black hole he bullet make . int . sheriff station - day small , functional . David 's lone deputy be field phone call in the common area . deputy russell . young. capable . built like a linebacker . he would be sheriff if David be not around but he loyalty be absolute . russell ( into phone ) I can not answer that - look , like I say , you will have to talk to sheriff dutton , try back later . David enter as he hang up . russell hey . david Russ . David go into he office . sort through the mail on he desk . Russell follow , only as far as the doorway , stand there for a moment gaug the climate . russell some fuckin ' ball game , huh . David sit down , nod . david yeah . ext . ogden marsh high school - day humble brick building with a sign out front . Home of the wildcat . david ( v.o. ) so you all see something last night I sure wish you have not ... int . school gymnasium - day David , before a microphone , address the student in general assembly . school official look on . david ..- hard to make sense of it , even for I . talk to you teacher , talk to I if you want ... the sea of young face , some visibly upset , some visibly not . david ..-- we do not have all the answer , but we be here to help . int . corridor outside gym , high school - later Post assembly , David walk down the hall with the principal . student swarm past back to class . flirt . talk on cell phone . life return to normal . principal be not so long ago you be roam this hall . that hellraiser turn into a sheriff somehow . and a fine one . ( then ) you mom and dad still like Florida okay ? david yeah . dad swore he would not last a month down there . then he see the golf course . they come past a teacher who can not unlock he classroom door . mid-forties . shirt and tie . Native kansan . bill farnum . principal Bill ...? bill farnum I give up . they rekey the lock this weekend ? maybe it 's jamme ... farnum tug on the door , mystify . but no one be more mystify than David and the principal . principal Bill , you do not - you retire , five year ago . farnum look at they in utter confusion . rub he nose and he finger come back with a bloody smudge on it . the principal offer a handkerchief as he walk farnum away , gesture to David ' I get it 's . principal hit you head or something ? come on , why do not you sit down in my office . David watch they go , the tide of student flow past he . ext . ball field - day David stand at the fence stare at the empty field , dismay . two plane fly past high overhead . side by side a half mile apart . David glance up , barely take notice . see the coffee cup he drop be still lie there in the grass . toss it in the trash can before head up the hill to he cruiser . ext . kansas prairie - sundown ( aerial view ) we be fly over the prairie at ten thousand foot . beautiful view . Farms . open field . a sudden burst of high - speed photograph rip the entire county into a grid of freeze frame . ext . town CENTER —- sundown small town life . families in the local pizza joint . guy wash he truck . woman walk she dog on a empty road . ext . ogden marsh medical clinic - sundown a single-story brick - and - mortar building with two car in the lot . int . exam room , medical clinic - sundown Judy , in a traditional white doctor 's coat , give a tetanus shot to a boy with a bandage foot . she have a gentle touch . judy ( finish ) be not too bad , be it ? the boy shake he head . he and he mother stand to go . judy ( muss boy 's hair ) adventure on , young man , but keep a eye out for ...? boy rusty nail . judy rusty nail . ( to mother ) take care , dana . let I know if there 's any swell . 10 . int . reception area , medical clinic - dusk typical slow night . Judy be update record with she part - time office helper becca darling . seventeen . pretty . local honor student . nurse violet , town gossip , also the clinic receptionist , wander over , bored , buffing she nail . nurse violet start talk about name yet ? judy not yet . nurse violet if it 's a girl , I like beatrice . if it 's a boy , Morton . knew a Morton once , ' course we all call he morty , maybe you should just go with morty . judy ( endear , not poke fun ) thanks , violet , I will put that on the list . becca 's cell phone chirp . she check the message , key in a quick reply and resume work , the entire exchange last ten second . becca darling okay if I leave a little early tonight ? Judy , play , scan the empty wait room . judy hmmm , how 's we staff to patient ratio ? I think you be good . everything all right ? becca darling yeah . casey strout 's have some people over . judy algebra ? becca darling yep . math party . judy my husband excell at math in high school . 11 . becca smile . then : becca darling oh , by the way , he be really cool at assembly today . judy thanks . becca darling it 's so scary to think what would have happen if he have not be there the other night . Judy nod she agreement . judy sometimes you just get lucky like that . ext . corral , farnum house - dusk giant wet tongue lick something , lick each other in the process . a disturbing image , but only in close - up ... dairy cow at a salt lick . Bill farnum stand in the corral watch , ankle deep in mud , briefcase in hand , blank expression . his wife deardra call to he from the house porch in the b.g. , twelve - year- old son nicholas under she arm . deardra William ! if he hear she , he give no visible indication . Nicholas jog down to the fence . nicholas Supper 's ready . farnum stand motionless , mesmerize . Nicholas start to climb the fence and suddenly he father speak , without look , as though he be listen all along : bill farnum be in in a sec . Nicholas head back to the house . Bill farnum pick he way across the muddy pen to the salt lick . surrounded by moo cow , he stare at it -- brick -shape , pinkish white , drip with bovine saliva -- then bend and give it a long disgusting lick . 12 . ext . dutton house - night Crescent moon . David eyeing it from the back porch as he drink a beer in he unbuttone sheriff 's shirt . Judy enter the kitchen behind he . weary from the day . see he through the door . he hold she gaze for a moment then put he hand under he shirt and give it a little flutter , meaning he heart still beat for she . make she smile . int . kitchen - night they kiss by the old gas stove . he brushes a lock of stray hair from she face . married he dream . david hungry ? ( she nod ) what do you want ? judy ( be not sure ) omelet ? david sit. time CUT to : Judy at the table eat she omelet . David sit opposite , polish she wedding band on he shirt . a ritual of he . david could drive you up to see you parent this weekend , if you want . judy ( smile ) penance for you sin ? he smile a little , slip the ring back on she finger , restore to its original luster . then , still troubled by the day 's event : david think maybe the moon be full , I do not know , definitely some weirdness go around . Medical examiner say he find nothing in rory 's system . 13 . judy meaning - ? david meaning , accord to the state , the man I shot be sober . judy what do Peggy say ? david saw he at lunch and he seem fine . a mystery . David leave with only he instinct . and the memory : david look he right in the eye . he be under the influence of something . if it be not alcohol it be something else . ext . farnum house - night cow moo behind the barn . it 's after midnight . int . farnum house - night we drift through the dark hundred - year- old house , past the stair , down the hall into the kitchen , past a old pot - belly woodstove to the sink where we find deardra in a nightgown look out the window . worried . Nicholas enter in pajamas . nicholas pa come in yet ? deardra shake she head no . her eye never leave the window . Nicholas come over , see what she 's stare at . nicholas what 's he doin’ ? off in the distance , a combine be go around in circle in a field , its spotlight sweeping the prairie like a lighthouse beacon . deardra take a flashlight from the top of the fridge . deardra wait here . 14 . ext . field - night House in the b.g. , deardra cross the field , spotlight whipping across she face . lit up like a nebula against the night sky , the billow dust cloud give the combine a otherworldly aura . a kill machine circle for prey , the thresher a gape mouth of giant spin tooth . ext . combine - continuous up close , the noise be deafen . deardra stride into range . cup she hand to she mouth and call up to the darken cab . deardra William ...?! int . combine - continuous through the windshield we can see she out there call to we , disappear from view as the combine go around again . ext . combine - continuous deardra call once more then jog over and climb the metal rung to the cab . open the door . deardra William blaine farnum , what in heaven 's -- empty seat . a haunt pause then deardra slide in behind the wheel . power down the engine . turn off the light . ext . combine / field - continuous the big machine grind to a halt and there 's a hush . deardra climb down . scan the dark , windswept field . deardra William ...? her voice carry without answer . she turn on the flashlight and walk out into the field . deardra the sway wheat . the pulse of cicadas . and then , from back at the house , a blood - curdling scream . her son . 15 . deardra oh God ... deardra take off run for the house . frantic . elbow fly . deardra nicholas ? ! another scream . deardra , in full flight , scream back . deardra nicholas ? ! she cross the field at a dead sprint . and hear something worse than a scream as she reach the house . silence . ext . farnum house - continuous she run up the step . in the front door . int . farnum house - continuous she slow as she come down the dark hallway . no sign of she son . no sign of she husband . deardra Nicholas ...? silence . at the top of the stair - a hanging bulb swing like a pendulum , casting eerie shifting shadow . deardra look up the stair at it . no sane person would go up there , except a mother for a child . she climb the stair . slowly , one step at a time . the old board creaking underfoot . the bulb 's shadow rock back and forth across she face . int . upstair hallway - continuous topping the stair , she come down the hall . eye wide with fear . shadows dance . the light be on in the bathroom . door close . deardra reach out a hand , push the door slowly open -- creeeeeak -- and see ... empty bathroom she look down the hall . darkness at the other end . Voice tremble , she call into it . deardra Nicholas ...? 16. as she take she next step someone grab her from behind , throw a hand over she mouth and pull she into the -- int . closet - continuous Nicholas . terrify . he gesture for silence , take he hand from deardra 's mouth . they pale face light by the light come through the crack . deardra what happen ? what do he do ? Nicholas , answer I . nicholas he have a knife . a chill run through deardra . deardra ( be : closet ) we can not stay here . she crack the door , peer out . just then , a terrible sound . footstep come heavily up the stair . and now they have no choice but the closet . Nicholas shut the door and grip the handle with both hand , praying he 's strong enough to keep he father out . int . stair / hallway - continuous Bill farnum climb the stair into view . he be hold a knife . int . closet - continuous deardra help Nicholas hold the door as Bill 's footstep come pound down the hallway to the closet where they stop abruptly . five second that feel like forever as deardra and Nicholas listen to Bill 's hollow breaths on the other side of the door . both clutching the door handle , expect it to get rip open any second . instead we hear a key go into the lock and turn - click . the footstep head back downstairs . Nicholas try the handle a couple of time before turn gravely to he mother . nicholas he lock we in . 17 . ext . farnum house - moment later sling gasoline everywhere , farnum walk out the front door . empty what 's leave in the five - gallon can onto the porch and light it with a match . he sit down in the yard and watch it burn . devoid of emotion . the house he grandfather build . his wife and son scream from within as blue flame scurry up the inside wall . int . dutton bedroom - night a ringing phone wake up David and Judy . they both reach for it . his hand get there first . david dutton ... he sit bolt upright , register the news . david I be come . jump out of bed . Judy do the same before she even know why . david farnums 's , the whole place be go up . ext . farnum house - night engulf . volunteer firemen hose down the tree , too late to save the house or anyone inside . David 's cruiser pull up . he and Judy push through the crowd of onlooker to the FIRE chief . judy norman , do they get out ?! the Fire Chief shake he head . Judy , horrify , eye the inferno that use to be a farmhouse . FIRE chief Bill do . beg the question , do not it ? David take he meaning . cross to where Bill farnum sit on the back bumper of a firetruck , expressionless , hand tie with baling twine . david what happen , Bill ? 18 . farnum do not respond . David squat in front of he , get in he eyeline . david Bill , what happen here tonight ? farnum meet he gaze , glassy - eye , remorseless . bill farnum a reckoning . madness . David stare it in the face . ext . farnum house - night ( aerial view ) the burn house from ten thousand foot . tiny , almost beautiful . Fire engine flash around it like a child 's toy . a burst of freeze -frame . the camera zoom in tight . another burst . int . sheriff station - day next morning , Russell be outside try to placate some local reporter as David talk on the phone . david be hope to transfer he , we be not really equip for this sort of thing . okay , two o'clock . hang up . a haunt pause . the last forty - eight hour betray everything he know . he turn he gaze to Bill farnum who sit in a stupor in a hold cell at the back of the station . Russell enter . russell they tell I they do not want the deputy , they want the sheriff . David get up from he desk . still watch farnum . david look at I last night like he coulda slit my throat and barely know the difference . ( turn to Russell ) same look rory give I . same goddamn look . walk out to talk to the press . 19 . ext . farnum house - day plume of smoke rise from the ash . a scorched brick chimney stand like a monument to the dead . David pick up a char photo . the farnum family . he drop it , survey the scene with dismay . a faint droning hum draw he gaze skyward . that same two plane fly over . side by side a half mile apart . but lower this time . David 's eye narrow with suspicion . david what be you lookin ' for ? and as the search plane dip below the far treeline ... ext . ogden marsh - day a freshwater marsh on the outskirt , the town 's namesake . a old timer in hipwader be dump crayfish from wire trap into a bucket . he hear something . straighten for a look . twenty yard away , something white be billow like a untrimm mainsail . he come over for a look . touches the material . ripstop nylon . billow again , it 's clear what it be ... a parachute . he follow the twisted cord over a rise in the marsh to where they settle in deeper water beyond . give the line a tug and then stagger backwards in horror as - a human body float to the surface . hideously discolor . bloat from decomposition . old timer Lord God ... a military pilot . oxygen mask on he face . int . morgue , finley funeral home - day a bodybag zipper open to reveal the pilot 's rotting corpse . David catch a glimpse and turn away , he 's see enough . Russell gag at the stench . even Finley , mortician of twenty year , look a little gross out . finley I will see if there 's any identification . david ( exit ; need air ) yeah , do that . 20 . ext . finley funeral home - day David and Russell cough the stench from they lung as they cross the parking lot . then : david get we a pilot , where 's the plane ? Russell , as they reach the cruiser , recollect : russell Travis King - you know Travis ? david I know he 's a lyin ' bastard . russell Said he hear something out by hopman bog last week . I think he be tellin ' storey again . David slow , meet Russell 's gaze over the roof of the cruiser . ext . hopman bog - day David , Russell and travis king , a human rodent , motor across the bog in a flat- bottome aluminum boat . russell sounded like a plane you say , huh , trav ? travis king yep . I gettin ' pay for this ? russell Big plane , little plane ? travis king I dunno , a plane , I be on the shitter . so how much I gettin ' ? david Travis . travis king yeah . david say that again you will be the second person I shot this week . 21 . Travis take he at he word . David notice something up ahead . turn the boat toward it for a better look . russell whaddaya see , chief ? David indicate a spot in the wood where the top of tree have be shear off . david something come real close to take a bath . David kill the outboard and they drift in closer . a strange toxic sheen to the water in this area . Russell reach two finger down for a sample . David yank Russell 's hand back . david know what that be ? russell no . david then do not touch it . David bend for a closer look . the spill have that chemical rainbow quality of gasoline . jettison fuel perhaps . he scoops some into a mason jar . pause as he screw on the lid . david it be a big plane . russell why 's that ? David straighten , oddly quiet , stare at the water . david ' Cause we be right on top of it . off Russell 's look , we rise up above they , to the height of the treetop , and see what David see - the murky contour of a military transport plane submerge in the water where it crash , the boat float directly above . ext . equipment depot - day David talk on a cell phone while he and Russell unhook the boat trailer outside the corrugate - steel equipment shed . 22 . david ( into phone ) say , you folk miss a plane ? ( brow furrow ) no ? well somebody oughta tell that to the pilot in we morgue . military , yes , mar 'am . dutton . d-u - t-t-o -n . yep , I will be here . he pocket the phone . stew . david plane that size go down and there 's nothing in the paper , nothing on the news ? make any sense to you ? Russell shrug , unlock the shed . russell depend what the payload be . it 's a off-hand remark , mean more to David than Russell . he look at the mason jar of taint water on the hood of the truck then turn a brood stare to the north , a pattern of think take shape . david hopman bog , what 's that drain into ? russell dwyer Creek . david which drain into ...? russell Black Pond . hey , you remember that monster catfish I -- david ( turn ) Black Pond ? be that right ? russell yeah ... Russell be not follow yet . david Russ , where the hell you think we get we water from ? 23 . int . town planner' office - day topographical map of the county on the wall . the Ogden marsh watersh shade in blue . David barge in , ask he question on the fly . the town planner be eat lunch . david which way 's the water flow through town ? town planner Nice to see you , too , Dave . waste water or drink ? david drink . town planner unfold a chart . a schematic diagram of the town' water system , he finger trace the main pipeline . town planner come in from the north , break east west ... david whose house do it get to first ? town planner most outly . let 's see , uh ... run he finger along a certain outly route to a certain outly farm . look up at David . town planner rory hamill . hold on David 's face . int . medical clinic - day with discreet alarm David show Judy the water system schematic at the reception desk . point to the second most outly farm . david next house be Bill farnum 's . I mean , be I talk nonsense here or be it possible they react to something they drank , something in the water ? 24 . judy if it 's contaminate , if the concentration 's high enough - but , David , we be drink that same water . everybody be . if there 's something in it , we be all go to get it . David back away , crisis on he hand . david farnum 's be a mile out , might not have make it this far yet . tell everybody do not drink it . he run out . Judy - the schematic in closeup - run she finger from ' farnum dairy ' across town to the pipeline 's end , five mile from Black Pond , a plot label ' dutton farm ' . she contemplate that distance , they safety buffer , then raise she gaze to the waiting room . it 's half full . there be a woman sit head slump forward in the corner chair . Judy walk over , look of concern . lift the woman 's chin . the widow , Peggy hamill , unconscious . judy Peggy ? can you hear I ? peg ...? Peggy 's eye flutter open partway . pupil dilate . barely conscious . judy you need to lay down ? Peggy attack without warning . knock Judy off she foot , tear she blouse . it take three guy to pull she off and subdue she as nurse violet help a badly shake Judy to she foot . nurse violet what 's get into she ? Peggy hamill , hold down , writhe and shriek on the floor . ext . pool , mayor 's house - day a flabby white - bread bureaucrat saunter up the step of he in - ground pool , toweling off after a morning swim . mayor hobb . mayor hobb that water 's contaminate I be Hilary goddamn Clinton . 25 . David put the jar of toxic water in he hand . david I be shutting it down , Tom . mayor hobb ( eyeing jar then pool ) shit . int . pipe access hole - day a municipal worker muscle the wheelcrank on a high - pressure pipe valve , shutting off the town 's water . done , he look up at David from the hole he 's in . municipal worker off . int . sheriff cruiser - day David , drive back into town , lose in think , radio playing . radio wklc Kansas City . News on the hour every hour . Fire crew in Southern California continue to battle wildfire this morning -- the signal go to static . David give the radio a glance . tries a different station - static . flip through all the station - static . weird . and then something weirder . out of the corner of he eye , barely see in the blur of a pass field . whoosh - a figure in a white biohazard suit so incongruous it take a moment to register . what the hell ? he slam on the brake . back up , craning he neck to see what he see . can not see it from here . stop the car . ext . sheriff cruiser / road near field - day get out and come around the cruiser . survey the field . nothing there . nothing but prairie . David stare across it , haunt , the radio in the cruiser hissing static . int . sheriff station - day David enter , daze . 26 . david either I be losin ' it completely or I just see a guy in a spacesuit out by hadley Road . Russell gesture over to he shoulder to the hold cell . russell that make two guy losin ' it . Bill farnum be go berserk back there . smash he head against the wall . tearing the cell apart . uncontrollable rage . David , awed , step to the window partition and watch . farnum turn . his face be hideous . one side paralyzed like a stroke victim , the other in violent spasm . he hurl himself at the glass - wham ! - almost shatter it . David step back as he go berserk again . david do we or do we not request a transfer to wichita this morning ? rhetorical question . he pick up the phone . start to dial . toggles the receiver . line 's dead . david yup . Russell toss he a cell phone . David hit the first two digit then see the viewscreen - " searching for signal ... " - toss it back . david even better . Russell frown and step outside , try to get a connection . David try the tv. white noise . turn it off . click the computer mouse . cannot find server . tries the police scanner . static . switch it off , smile at the improbability . ext . sheriff station - day Russell meantime can not get a signal . David step out beside he , survey the town from the top of the step . his face black with forebode . david you know what ... russell what ? 27 . david we be in trouble . ext . town CENTER - day screech . David 's cruiser brake to a halt at town center . he get out . scan Main Street . a ominous calm . the squeaking of a bicycle chain turn he head . a middle - aged woman pedale toward he on a girl 's pink - tassele banana - seat bike , sing in eerie falsetto , a old hymnal . woman on bike .-- all thing bright and beautiful , all creature great and small , all thing wise and wonderful , the Lord God make they all ... she ride past David , lose in she own world , she haunt song fill the silence . alternate Pov ( through slr camera ) - from a block away , a burst of photograph capture the woman on the bicycle , then , pan to David , a second burst capture he as he cross Main Street , still watch the woman . as the photo continue snap , he slowly turn , sense he 's be watch , and look straight into camera ... back to scene tight on David 's face as he stand in the center of Main Street , stare at : a black chevy suburban with tinted window idling at the corner by the bank . not a car that belong to Ogden marsh . David approach , hand drift instinctively toward he gun . it tear off down the road . fantastic acceleration . David stare for a moment , baffle . as he dash back to he cruiser to give pursuit , a panicked woman jog across the street from the pizza shop . woman sheriff , we hear something from the funeral home little while ago . david what would you hear ? woman screamin ' . 28 . a freeze moment . David turn he gaze to the funeral home up the street . grab he cb handset from the cruiser . bring it to he mouth and click the button . Dead . david lizzie , run down the station , tell Russell what you just tell I , tell he I need he asap . she take off run as David head up the street to the funeral home , unholster he weapon for the second time in three day . ext . finley funeral home - day close for business . David try the front door . lock . he go around the back . int . rear entrance , funeral home - day where the body be bring in . David enter , nervous , gun draw . he stop and face - a white tile corridor sterile . eerily silent . a few gurney and unopen box of odorless body bag and cotton shroud in the hall . david Charlie ? no reply . David come slowly along , white - knuckle grip on he gun . the hall be line on both side with close door . David come to a door , turn the knob , open it to reveal - the embalming room Stainless steel embalm table . sink . sluice . rinse hose dangle from the ceiling . no body . no Finley . David continue down the hall . come through a door into the front of the shop . the funeral home . pink-hued wall . liver - color carpet . David push open another door . a room of casket darkly polished . on display . David step in , scan the room . all the casket be open except that one . he cross to it . with a silent two - count throw open the lid and take aim at 29 . a silky white pillow empty casket . David close it . to he immediate leave - a curtained alcove run the length of the wall . come past it to the door , David suddenly step back and level he gun . someone be hiding behind that curtain . the tip of he shoe poke out underneath . david Charlie ? no reply . but there 's definitely a man in black shoe stand there . David step closer . take hold of the curtain . whisk it open to reveal - a row of mannequin in funeral suit and shoe David almost put a bullet in one . curse under he breath . suddenly hear something . very faint . come from behind he . down the white - tile hall he just exite ... be someone weeping ? David cock the hammer of he gun . follow that faint muffled weeping down the hall to a close door . open it . the morgue no sign of Finley . just sheet - cover corpse on autopsy table . the weep have stop . David enter . autopsy scale hang beside the body . closet and refrigerate shelf along the wall . David yank open a closet door , gun train , expect to find Finley . nothing but medical supplies . a faint whimper turn he head . he stare at the five cover body . david Charlie , if that 's you , say something ! no reply . gun in hand , he step closer to the body . peel back the cover one by one : 30 . rory hamill' chalk white corpse . the decomposing pilot . deardra farnum' charree corpse . her son be . David stare at the last cover body . we can see the outline of a face . the sheet expands and contract at the nostril . slightly . as if from breath . david Charlie ? no answer . gun levell , David take the edge of the sheet , whisk it back to find - the town pastor weeping through suture eyelid . the suture on one eye have loosen , a ghastly eye peer out through the slit . his nostril and lip be sewn shut , arm and leg bound to the table with gauze . david Jim - ?! the pastor go into violent convulsion . David grab a pair of surgical scissors from a tray and , pin the writhe body with one hand , cut the suture sealing the mouth . the pastor 's lip come apart like a deep fleshy wound , he convulsion subside only because death be imminent . in he last torture breath : town pastor behind ... you ... what ? David turn . whirrrr !! - the blade of a bone saw come right at he face . Finley swinging it at arm 's length with psychotic calm . David go down and Finley pounce , drive the blade at he throat . David catch Finley 's wrist , barely keep the see at bay , force the spin blade against the leg of the autopsy table . SPARKS fly as it cut into the steel . Finley counter . find he knee , he bring the see above he head for a final plunge . but David catch he with a thrust kick to the gut . send Finley crash into the storage cabinet . 31 . as he jump up for more - bang ! - David shoot he . Finley fall in a heap . but in death he have launch perhaps he most lethal attack , drop the saw . lock in the ' on ' position , it come skip - bouncing across the floor at david , propel by the spin blade . David scramble backwards on he haunch , but can not outrun it . just as it 's about to hit he in the face - a boot stomp on the see 's cord , leash it like a wild dog . the deadly instrument hop and skip around at the end of its tether , inch from David 's face . until - Russell , owner of the boot , yank the plug from the wall . he come over , help David to he foot . and only then see the pastor 's sad fate . russell Christ almighty . a dead eye stare back at they through the suture slit . int . town hall - night emergency town meeting . worried townsfolk abound . David and Judy try to manage everyone 's fear and anger . concerned mother what be we suppose to drink while the water 's turn off ? david the a & p have plenty of bottled . Bruce 's agree to sell it at cost till we work out another source . thanks again , Bruce . the a & p manager nod . banker and it just so happen while all this be go on none of the phone be work ? david I know , Nathan . Russell 's on he way to wichita right now , see if we can get some answer . farmer where the hell 's Mayor hobb ? 32 . high school kid hightailin ' it to kentucky . david ( shock and disgust ) what - ? high school kid saw he on the way out of town . fat bastard practically run I over . the kid 's mom swat he for talk like that . David and Judy exchange a look about hobb . De facto town leader . another farmer so whoever drank it 's gonna go the way of rory and Bill ? I drank it . my wife drank it . my kid . judy we do not know that it 's go to affect everybody the same , everybody 's body react a little diff -- eerie laughter cut she off . a woman in the back . horn - rimmed glass . ten-dollar wig . go red in the face she 's laugh so hard . it 's creepy , she can not stop . everybody just stare as this dement old lady laugh and laugh . ext . highway 50 - night a sheriff department pickup speed down the fog-cloaked highway toward wichita . int . sheriff dept . pickup - continuous Russell hum along at eighty mile a hour . check he radio . static . turn it off . suddenly , four deafening pop as -- ext . sheriff dept . pickup / highway 50 - continuous -- all four tire blow out ! a spike strip lie across the road . the truck fishtail out of control , wobble violently on its rim , threaten to roll ... int . sheriff dept . pickup - continuous Russell struggle , tooth - clench , not to let it . 33 . russell shit ! rupture tread fly off . the pickup careen off the shoulder and slam to a stop in a irrigation ditch . int . / ext . sheriff dept . pickup / ditch - continuous Russell have barely righted himself when he 's pull from the truck by a dozen soldier in biohazard suit . thrown against the hood , m -16 in he face , Russell 's astonishment be almost comical . russell whoa . int . dutton house - night meanwhile David and Judy . tense word in the kitchen . david maybe you should go stay with you parent for a while . judy maybe you should go stay with my parent . david look , this be not -- judy no , David , you be not the only one with responsibility here , half this people be my -- see something out the kitchen window . it scare she . david what ? what be it ? judy ( be not sure ) shadow . David grab he gun and go out . ext . dutton house - night David stand at the edge of the property , eyeing the back field . it 's eerily still . david somebody there ?! 34 . silence . turn , he see the light be on inside the garden shed he walk over , push open the door with the gun muzzle . as he peek warily inside -- lawn tool clatter noisily to the floor . scare the hell of out he . David switch off the light and then hear glass shatter inside the house . judy ( 0.s. ) who be you ?! who be you ?! david !! he cross the yard at a sprint , kick open the screen door - int . dutton house - night and see three soldier in biohazard suit forcibly escort Judy to the front door . David lunge into the fray , gun outstretch . david what the fu--?! get off she !! his heroic be short - live . grab , spun , put ina chokehold , he be disarm and drag out the door by the suite intruder . it 's over in two second flat - chill , the ease with which he be subdued . ext . dutton house / bus - night they wrestle Judy aboard a idling school bus . David behind she , still resisting , choke blue in the face . judy where be you take we ?! int . bus - night ( moving ) hurtling along under armed guard , David and Judy see shocking image out the window . family be pulled from every house in sight . the entire town be corral onto bus like pig off to slaughter . ext . ball field , ogden marsh high school - night all the townspeople stand in line under the light . stun . no one see this come . raise ten foot and top with razor wire , the fence be patrol by armed guard in hazmat suit . a record message play over the field 's tinny p.a. system : 35 . recorded female voice ... please remain calm and do not interfere with the work of the examiner . information will be provide to you as it become available . thank you for you cooperation ... repeating ad infinitum as biosuited examiner come down the line with digital ear thermometers check temperature . a single beep mean you be okay . a quick triple beep - beep - beep mean you be not and prompt a swift response , which we see play out across the field : burly medtech load the unlucky person into one of the many golf cart on the scene - pull wife away from husband , husband away from wife , child from parent , parent from child - a coldly scientific process that end with the golf cart speed the outtake up the hill to the high school while love one scream in vain for they return . here be David and Judy , as stunne and disorient as everyone else . David confront a pass examiner , he outrage reflect back at he in the mirrore faceshield . david what do we get expose to ?! what be it ?! the examiner walk past without reply . Judy meanwhile appraise the medical team , the work be do . judy elevated temperature usually mean infection , but a toxin can do the same thing ... I do not know , the way Peggy be act make I think it 's chemical . david so they round we up with assault rifle , what 's that ? judy Medical response team train with case study , they know the symptomology , pharmacological outcome --— david in plainspeak . 36 . judy ( look at he ) they be as scared as we be . Judy step away to help a asthmatic elderly woman who be lean against the fence . Soldiers escort mayor hobb and he wife onto the field . mayor hobb Governor hatfield 's a personal friend of mine ! nobody care . they get dumped in a line near David . hobb draw hostile stare . Word of he hasty exodus have apparently get around . david hey Tom , how 's kentucky ? mayor hobb bastard spike we tire , pull we out at gunpoint . david wow , sound like you civil rights might have be violate , you should look into that . hobb frown at the sarcasm , take in the angry stare . mayor hobb ( be : kentucky ) be that what everybody 's so tick off at I for ? david you run . town need a leader . mayor hobb you be the leader . david it 's not we town anymore . David step to the fence , watch the guard prowling the perimeter . otherworldly riflemen with biohazard hood and leash dog . his gaze find the old scoreboard behind the backstop . linger on it . something poignant about it there behind the barb wire . home of the wildcats but what he see past it be chill . two figure stand in the tungsten glow of a flood light , stare at he ... 37 . jake and curt hamill rory 's son . delirious with rage and vengeance . there face be paralyzed on one side , riddle with spasm on the other . teeth and gum expose by some obscene tightening of the jaw muscle . a loud dulcet tone on the PA system make David jump . he look back and the hamill boy be go . haunted , he scan the dark wood . and suddenly - a hand grab he shoulder . he spin , ready for a fight . it 's he deputy . russell funny thing happen on the way to wichita . Gallows humor . follow by a deadly serious : russell who be this fucker ? david same one who do not know anything about a dead pilot and be not miss a plane . David survey the crowd , sense beneath the fear and bewilderment a grow rage . it 's palpable , a chemical shift in they psychology . russell this do not end well . David shake he head - nope . a examiner come down the line check temperature . David engage . david I need to talk to somebody right now ! hey , do you hear I ?! the examiner jam a thermometer in David 's ear . pushes the button . beep . move on to Judy , who be preoccupy with patient care . judy this woman be asthmatic , she need she medica -- beep-beep-beep !!}!11!!1 !! time stand still . Judy in disbelief . David spin to fend off the onrush medtech . 38 . david get away from she ! she 's not sick , she 's pregnant ! they grab she . David fight , but be hopelessly outnumber . Russell try to help and be quickly subdued . they drag Judy away scream . judy david ! don't let they take I ! david leave her alone !! you have never see a man fight like David dutton fight for he wife . Zapped with a tazer gun , kick , knock to the ground by a rifle butt , kick once more . again and again he try to rise , again and again he be beat down , until he body no longer answer to he will . lying in the grass , he lift he gaze just enough to see Judy be take up the hill to the high school . by sheer stubbornness , he climb to he foot once more . take a couple of wobbly step . a gun butt crack he in the back of the head . he go down and stay there this time . facedown in the dirt by second base . expell one last breath of resistance , she name along with it : david Judy ... and then , mercifully , he black out . int . odgen marsh high school - night Pov of ceiling light whipping by above as a mask examiner wheel we down the corridor . it 's Judy 's Pov , strapped to a gurney . the pass classroom offer flash of nightmare imagery : people on gurney go berzerk . a teenager racked by wild , teeth-clattering convulsion . other people sitting in stupor , drooling . suddenly , right in front of we - a scream face shatter the window of a classroom door , spraying the corridor with shard that crunch as we roll over they . a biosuite guard beat the scream man back with a baton . turn the corner , we see 39 . the gymnasium span by row of sterile - white cot that have not be touch . unopene box of supplies on pallet . equipment wrap in plastic . a medical contingency plan abandon in its early stage . as Judy be push into a maintenance elevator , a examiner lean over she with a anesthesia mask . she try to resist but she arm be strapped and the mask fitte so quickly to she face that she scream of protest fog the plastic . int . livestock truck - night ( moving ) David awaken in darkness . lift he head , disorient . he 's lie in what appear to be a livestock trailer . Judy . the think send he scramble to the back door . he ram it with he shoulder . pound it with he fist . kick it with he boot . his fist again . and as he continue this futile effort to force it open - a dark figure emerge from the shadow behind he . creep closer . aman . sinister face catch the light . David , still hammer the door , do not see he come . the figure stop right behind David and we see the grim visage be a trick of the shadow . it 's he friend , the concession vendor from the ball game . kevin miller . kevin miller David ... David spin , wild - eye , catch in a moment of madness . david Kevin ! I gotta get outta here ! continue he furious pound . kevin miller david !! david ( spin again ) what ?! ?! kevin miller you be scare we . David see they now . face in shadow at the far end , terrify by he erratic behavior . Men , woman , child . face we recognize from the ball game , the high school , the town meeting . David calm himself , explain : 40 . david they take Judy . kevin miller ( commiserate ) they take Linda . ( indicate other unmatch spouse ) and they take George and francine and whit and Simon and a whole mess of other people . break you hand on that door 's still a dumb idea . David take he point . follow Miller back to the group . the townspeople sit huddle together like third World refugee . a mechanic in a John deere ball cap ( edward ) engage David . frazzle nerve fuel the exchange . edward can not you do something ? I mean , Christ - david what do you want I to do , Ed ? edward something ! you be the sheriff for God 's sake ! kevin miller ( as peacemaker ; overlap ) Edward -- edward you be suppose to protect we -- ! kevin miller ( to Edward ; overlap ) hey ! hey !! this be not help , Eddie . we be all in the same boat here . Edward simmer down . feel no real rancor toward David . just can not handle the situation . david anybody hear what it be yet ? what they spill ? nobody have . 41 . town planner whatever it be , they be keep we here till it 's clean up . Whole town 's seal off . roadblock , everything . Tim Mitchell try to run one of ‘em , they shot he dead . it 's the guy who give David the pipeline schematic , here with he ten-year - old son . other child be in tear . some of the parent as well . a distraught mom break down at the sight of David . distraught mom Amy 's out there ... my Amy ... he embrace she , not know what to say . a tall open - face guy name sheldon step forward , local choir director cling to he faith . sheldon I know thing look bad right now , I know they do , but like they say in every tragedy there 's a bless -- female teacher ( angry ) what 's we bless , sheldon ? I be die to hear this one . sheldon we be not sick yet . which mean we still get a chance . a bless indeed . suddenly , the squeal of brake . the truck slow . lot of noise outside . a look of panic sweep the group . David rip a metal brace from the wall . a weapon . the truck stop . Parents shield they kid as the door be unlock . it swing open . shadowy figure rush through . David come at they , ready to attack when he see they be - rescue worker ( in less severe biosuit , face visible ) offer bottle of spring water and powerbar . rescue worker quickly , people . we be get you out of here . ext . quik phil' truckstop - night David and the other step warily from the truck , take in they surroundings . a truckstop be use as a operation staging area . military truck refueling . 42 . Transport helicopter come and go from the adjoin field . supplies and troops be shuttle to and for . in the fence - in parking lot where the livestock truck be , a few hundre survivor await evacuation , get treatment in first aid tent . a site coordinator stand on a military flatbe megaphon instruction to a line of survivor be process for transport : site coordinator as you board the bus you will each be give a dispensation card , it look like this , do not lose it , you will not be allow into the safe zone without you dispensation card ... GREEN plastic barcoded bracelet be snap on wrist and hurriedly scan into handheld computer . temperature take one last time . visible relief on people 's face as they look toward the evacuation buse idling nearby . as David and the other take they place in line , a small miracle . the distraught mom spot she little girl . burst into tear - distraught mom amy !! hug she , frantically relieved . the reunion only heighten David 's loss . as he survey the truckstop , plotting he escape : kevin miller do not . david what ? kevin miller whatever you be think . there 's one way out of here and it 's on that bus . you get a seat on one . a seat a lot of people wish they have . david let ‘em have it . kevin miller David . this might you last chance . do not lose it run off on some fool 's errand . 43 . david Judy 's a fool 's errand ? kevin miller you know what I be say . david tell you what , kev . you do not ask I why I can not leave without my wife and I will not ask you why you can . a bit harsh but right on the money . Kevin Miller be leave to nurse he guilty conscience as David take off . we run with he down the narrow passage between two big rig . Quick stop . two armed guard on patrol . David duck under the trailer , hide until they be go . move on . squeeze through some temporary fencing , he jump in the back of a supply truck head back into town . int . classsroom , odgen marsh high school - night sedate townspeople strapped to gurney in a social study classroom . among they we find judy , semi-conscious , shove in here amid the overturn desk . a examiner work from a field kit , not provide medical care , take tissue and blood sample . gunfire erupt outside . the examiner stop he work and stare out the window . he do not move . something terrible be happen out there . craning she neck , Judy can see the ballfield down the hill where pandemonium have break out . craze townspeople attack examiner , murdering medtech . they overwhelm the guard , shoot they with they own weapon , pull down the fence at center field , cause a stampede . all the prisoner run into the wood like lunatics fleeing a asylum . the perimeter soldier converge and open fire , but they can not stop the escape . see through the haze of sedation , the horror be dreamlike . Judy 's eye flutter close . helpless on she gurney . yesterday 's homework assignment chalk on the blackboard above she . 44 , int . supply truck - night sitting among stack of box , David watch the moonlit prairie go by . like a practical joke , a old road sign go past : " welcome to marsh County . friendliest place on Earth . " David look at the box , curious what 's inside . he open one . wish he have not . body bag . int . sheriff station - night ticking clock . pot of coffee on the coffeemaker . the door creak open . David , crouch like a thief , hurry to he desk , grab he spare revolver , some bullet . a shotgun from the gun rack . shell . load up , he catch sight of something horrific . drop a box of shell . on the floor of the hold cell - bill farnum hideously contorted in death . his back arched high off the floor . neck tendon , obscenely tight , practically tear the jaw from he face . David step back , right onto the barrel of a shotgun aim at he head . man' voice easy . David raise he arm , turn . russell Chief ?! david stop surprising I like that . manly embrace . David go to look at farnum again . Russell obstruct . russell do not look at that . david they let you guy out ? russell let we ? people go nut . tore the place apart . it be like a human slaughterhouse . I just run . 45 . sound of a speed car interrupt they . they duck the flare of its headlight . it 's that same black suburban tearing past the police station at ninety mile a hour . russell Judy , man , I try to stop ‘em . David nod , gather shell from the floor . stands , man on a mission . david I be go to get she . Russell doublepump the shotgun , the stress of the situation bring out he redneck root . russell hoo-fuckin' - yah , chief , let 's go to the high school . int . ogden marsh high school - night hysterical shriek and scream fill the school . violent chaos spilling from the classroom . a examiner run down a second - floor corridor past a half - dress lunatic roam the hall in a head bandage . examiner ( to staff ) let 's go ! forget it , we be leave ! we be leave ! examiner scramble for the exit . int . classroom - continuous the examiner draw blood sample hear the evacuation order . grab he thing and run out , accidentally leave a needle embed in the last victim 's arm . blood drip onto the floor . plip . plip . plip . we move up the arm to the face ... it 's judy . she stare at the drip blood . hand strapped , she can not do anything to stop it . 46 . ext . ogden marsh high school - night examiner and medtech jump in helicopter . soldier into truck . it 's obvious what 's happen . the military be pull out , concede town center to the lunatic . ext . backyard - night David and Russell , avoid the main street , cut through a series of backyard in a dark residential neighborhood . the night reverberate with distant pop of gunfire . they hop a fence and David grab Russell , pull he sharply back . a psychotic housewife sit at a picnic table in a bathrobe gut a turkey . creepy uncomprehend stare . her husband noose from a tree behind she . psychotic housewife do Peter call ? madness . they move on , hop the other fence . the housewife scream in the b.g. - psychotic housewife did peter call ?!? as they distance themselves , a look of dread come to Russell 's face . russell that 's gonna be I . david you do not know that . russell right out of my goddamn tree like my uncle willard who swear on the Bible he eat a tadpole and shat out a bullfrog , and that 's without the screwy water so -- david Russ , we get enough problem without you invent ‘em . russell easy for you to say , you be at the end of the pipeline . I be half a mile from the farnums . 47 . david who 's the sheriff ? russell what ? david who 's the sheriff of marsh County ? russell you . david I be . who 's the deputy ? russell me. david you be . deputy do what the sheriff tell he , that 's the balance of power . now I be tell you you be not get sick , understand ? Russell nod , appreciate the sentiment . russell hope you be right , chief . I be no world beater but I have plan . cross a street , they see military helicopter , perhaps a mile away , lift off into the night sky . David , alarmed , quicken he stride . david that 's the school ! they be bail ! come on ! int . classroom - continuous plip . plip . plip . Judy watch herself bleed . she could die like this . one drip at a time . gritting she tooth , pronate she forearm , she manage to painfully scrape the needle from she arm on the side of the gurney . in the aftermath of the military exodus there be a eerie calm fill with shriek and groans , the insane ranting of the abandon inmate . with that horrible sound in she ear Judy scan the classroom . her fellow townspeople . vary degree of madness on display : a middle - age woman snickering to herself . a teenage boy babbling incoherently . 48 . a catatonic man with the same half dead , half twitching face Bill farnum have . other be unconscious , comatose , drool . Judy lock eye , unexpectedly , with a high school girl strapped down on the other side of the room . terrify , tremble , but otherwise asymptomatic . becca darling . her office helper . judy becca ?! becca , honey , be you hurt ...?! becca , deep in shock , tremble in terror : becca darling be this ... really happen ...? Judy put on a brave face , doctorly instinct take over . judy do not worry , it will be okay . all right ? becca darling you do not really believe that , do you ? becca call she bluff and suddenly it 's Judy battle emotion . near tear , she shake she head no . judy where 's you mom and dad ? becca darling we be hide ... we try to get away ... the sentence end in sob . her parent be dead . Judy tug at she restraint , want to get over there to help but can not . and now they have bigger problem . a terrible sound draw they gaze to the door . a ominous metallic scraping noise coming down the dark hallway . somebody 's come . you can hear they shuffling step . Judy shoot becca a look . be very quiet . becca stifles she sob as the creepy scraping noise come closer , closer ... and now it stop . the classroom door swing open with a creak . a figure silhouett in the doorway . image from a nightmare : 49 . a pot-belly lunatic drench in blood . bruce webber . the a & p manager . he be drag a pitchfork . Judy and becca watch in mute terror , praying he ’1ll leave . instead he enter . drag the pitchfork to the nearest gurney and look down at the insane snicker woman . he mumble something nonsensical then raise the pitchfork and spear her in the chest . becca scream . Bruce extract the pitchfork from he first victim and shuffles to he second . the babbling boy . spear he and continue he murderous ritual , head straight for becca who be thrashing wildly but will never escape . Judy fight to free she hand , to save becca . she can not . stab everyone in he path , Bruce arrive at becca who close she eye as the lunatic raise he pitchfork . just then , Judy from the other side of the room : judy ( 0.s. ) noooo !!!!! the kind of scream even a lunatic can not ignore . Bruce stop , turn . see Judy over there , strapped down by the blackboard , helpless . nudging desk aside , he come for she instead . hand pin at she side , Judy stretch she fingertip just far enough to reach the blackboard chalk tray and , use it as a rail , get the gurney roll . roll herself right out the classroom door , grip whatever 's within reach . Bruce follow she out , drag the pitchfork . int . corridor - continuous Judy roll down the row of locker , grab the padlock with that strapped hand , pull herself along . the SOUND of the pitchfork right behind she . blind panic set in . her diversion play quickly shaping up as suicide . craning she neck she can see Bruce come . quicken she pace , finger grab frantically at the padlock . and then tragedy strike . her hand miss the next lock , the last one in this row , and as a result she miss the turn . and drift helplessly into the center of the corridor ... 50 . the wheel of she gurney creak to a stop . her eye wide with terror . her finger still clutching at the air . stranded by a trophy case of old basketball . the steel prong of the pitchfork drag closer . and now - bruce shuffles into view . stands above she , leer . the row of padlock swinging behind he like a hundred little pendulum . as he raise the pitchfork - a shotgun blast catch he in the arm , spin he fully around as a second blast rip a six - inch hole in he chest . Bruce Webber fall in a heap , never comprehend he death . David and Russell run to Judy , Russell stand guard as David unstrap she . david you okay ? judy not really . unstrap , she take off down the hall . david where be you go ?! int . classroom - night Judy unstrap becca . becca cry in she arm . Judy hold she as she might she own child . ext . town CENTER - night predatory lunatics wander the street , maim , bleed , face half dead . they attack each other at random , some unleash the same murderous fury on inanimate object . non - predatory type stagger through the night babbling . craze child run around like orphan of the apocalypse . David , Judy , Russell and becca jog along Main Street , past shattered shopfront and park car that have be booted to prevent drive . russell nobody 's drive outta here . a apache gunship fly by overhead . shockingly fast . shockingly loud . David and the other duck around the corner by the bank . look of terror on they face , know they be the target . 51 . they run on . up ahead , a young mother sit breast - feed she baby on the curb . she 's sobbing , rock on she heel . Judy slow . David keep she move . judy it 's Molly hutchin . david you can not help she . and we see the baby in the young mother 's arm be not a baby . a plastic doll . ext . field - night they cross a wide field pulsing with cicadas . a mile from town center it 's almost peaceful . the occasional burst of gunfire in the distance . david that truckstop where fifty hit the county line , they be take people out of there , put they on bus . russell where to ? david wichita maybe , wherever , some safe zone . russell Hell of a walk , county line . david my cruiser 's back at the house . russell we will be sit duck on the highway . david I be think the power line road . it 's crap , but we can drive it . russell leave we about a mile on foot . david exactly . 52. Judy fall behind , stop in the middle of the field . the other look back at she , then to David - what 's go on ? he walk back to she . she stand , arm fold , try to hide she fear . judy what if they be right ? what if I be sick ? ( include becca ) what if we both be ? david you be not sick . judy say it do not make it true . david if you be sick , I be sick -- we drank from the same tap -- and I be not sick . not yet anyway . so let 's keep walk . they head back to the other , Judy with linger reluctance , the issue not entirely settle in she mind . ext . stony creek - night Wide , flat , glimmer with the same toxic sheen as the bog . David and the other step carefully from stone to stone . russell ( to David ) see that folk in town ? man oh man , make you wonder , do not it ? ' Bout human nature ? david it 's not human nature 's do this , it 's a chemical . russell actin 's on a instinct that 's already there or they have be group - huggin’ instead of tear each other apart . becca slip on a mossy rock and plunge into the stream . david shit ! get she out of there ! 53. they pull she out and tend to she on the opposite bank . becca sit sobbing in the aftermath , scared to death , soak from head to toe . judy it 's okay , we will get you some dry clothes at the house . Judy share a private look of concern with David , both notice the creek 's toxic sheen . becca see it , too , and draw she own conclusion . becca darling ( shudder sob ) I be ... gonna ... die ... Russell take off he deputy coat and put it over becca for warmth . squat in front of she , sheriff - in- the-make . russell you be get out of here . I just make that my duty . ext . old farmhouse - twilight the foursome move in wary tandem , skirt the perimeter of a old farm . a barn . Three silo . Judy walk beside becca , who be cold , shiver , and generally miserable , but manage to strike a lighter note : becca darling guess this mean no prom , huh ? Judy half smile , nod yeah . David 's hand fly up , halting the group . he gesture ' stay ' then walk on alone a bit farther . listen . come rush back . david down down down ! they all hit the ground . heart pound . listen . David and Russell draw they gun . David indicate the hillcrest . and now the enemy come into view , moonshadow and lethal - a platoon of biosuited soldier wading through the tall grass in infrared goggle . one of they be carry a flamethrower . russell oh man . david in there . three silo behind they . they crawl through the grass . 54 . int . silo - continuous Close the hatch and watch through rust hole as the soldier storm the farmhouse . we hear a shriek inside the house and moment later the soldier emerge , drag a crying woman off the porch into the front yard . they stand she up . somebody jam a digital thermometer in she ear . beep-beep-beep . bang ! they shoot she . Point blank . a battlefield execution . the guy with the flamethrower step up and torch the body . David 's anger overwhelm he judgement . he reach for the hatch . Russell grab he arm - no , chief . flushed with rage , David try to pull away , but Russell hold strong . and David 's good sense return . he back down . but they be doom anyway . a soldier be head over to check the silo . he check the first then the second , work he way toward the last one , the one they be hide in . panic sweep the group . David search for some miracle escape . up. down. left. right . there be nothing . the only exit be that hatch through the rust hole we see the soldier creep toward it with he assault rifle . Russell readying he weapon . David he . Judy in disbelief . becca whimper with fright . david ( softly ) shut she up ! Judy clamp she hand over becca 's mouth as the hatch door creak OPEN . the muzzle of a m - 16 enter first . then the soldier 's gasmasked face . to the right he see nothing , to the leave - russell who smack he in the head with he rifle butt , knock he down . David and Russell drag the semi-conscious soldier into the silo and close the hatch . david pray they do not do a headcount . 55 . they wait on pin and needle to see if the miss soldier will be notice . the platoon regroup in front of the house and move on without he . gasp of relief . Judy uncover becca 's mouth . becca double over cry . Russell yank off the soldier 's helmet , ready to crush he skull with the rifle butt . but the face behind the mask be not the face of a enemy ... a eighteen -year-old boy . scare as hell . Far from home . david aw Jesus ... time CUT to : the young private sit against the silo wall , well on he forehead where Russell smack he . Blue - collar kid froma blue-collar state . well - mannered . West Virginia drawl . pvt . billy babcock . he 's scared . they be the enemy . david what 's you name ? pvt . billy babcock billy babcock ... David gesture to the yard outside , to the execution they just witness -- a silent seethe ' why ’? pvt . billy babcock order , sir . david from who ?! pvt . billy babcock ( shrug ) whoever give ‘em , I dunno . ( then ) be y'all gonna shoot I ? Judy answer for David and Russell . judy no . pvt . billy babcock then can you have he stop pointin ' that thing ? 56 . Russell 's shotgun aim at he head . David give Russell a look and Russell lower it . david billy , I want you to tell I what exactly the fuck be go on down here . pvt . billy babcock I dunno . all 's they say be there would be some accident . my whole unit get fly in . we do not even know what state we be in till we see the license plate . judy there be not anything on the news ? before you leave ? pvt . billy babcock no , mar ’am . from what I hear they be do one of they media blackout . David and Judy exchange a look . pvt . billy babcock be I gonna die breathe without my mask ? judy be that what they say ? pvt . billy babcock they just say keep it on . Troubled pause . Judy toss he he gasmask . he strap it on over he face , breathes and talk through it the rest of the scene . david nobody 's say anything about what it be they spill ? pvt . billy babcock no , sir , but -- I be probably not suppose to talk about this , but my sergeant , he see this computer program they run over at central , some kinda ' casualty projection ' I think he call it , you know , to see how thing be gonna turn out down here . gulp . 57 . david how would it go ? pvt . billy babcock nobody live past the third day . judy nobody ? pvt . billy babcock crazy kill most of ‘em , sickness get the rest . today 's the second day , I have get out of here tonight if I be you . david how ? the truckstop ? pvt . billy babcock dunno , sir . perimeter 's pretty hardcore . even for healthies , they be give ‘em one warning shot then it 's a kill order . ( then ) look , um , I know I do not deserve no favor from you people , but if you let I go I swear to God I will not come back , they can courtmartial I , I do not care , I do not sign up to shoot unarm civilian . i’11l just leave . okay ...? test the water , he start to stand up . Russell level he gun . David nod russell sit down . david cool it , Russ . russell he will give away we location . david we be not stay here . ' go ahead ' to the boy . he stand up . pvt . billy babcock reckon you be keep that , huh ? 58 . his m - 16 and ammo clip . david yeah , we be gonna hold onto that , billy . billy nod okay . step to the hatch . pause there . pvt . billy babcock sorry ' bout you folk 's town . then exit , run off into the night , opposite direction of he platoon . David grab the m - 16 and ammo clip . ext . silo - continuous as they come out the hatch : russell why be not they tell anybody what 's go on down here ? David pause , Russell 's question hang . david ( indicate ) that 's why . the burning corpse . they just stare , the firelight play across they haunt face . david let 's get to the house . they set off and we see the farmhouse from a distance . alone on the prairie . a plume of smoke rise up ghostly pale in the moonlight . ext . field behind dutton house - daybreak they come up through the back acre . David with the m - 16 on he shoulder . Judy offer a grave assessment . judy this be not a chemical spill . ( off they look ) they be burn the body . it must be bacteriological , viral . something that spread by human contact . or the air . becca darling the air ? -- it be in the water . 59 . Judy give a grim nod . judy it be . it must have more than one mode of transmission . or mutate or something , who know . russell ( to Judy ) how come I be not crazy yet ? david I tell you why . russell ( to Judy ) besides the fact that you husband officially forbade it . judy expose a group of people to something , there 's always a handful who be not affect . I do not know , Russell , maybe you be naturally immune . russell Nah , I be not that lucky . they walk on . Judy 's face darken as there house come into view at the top of the field . curtain sway in shattered window . the cruiser , gut by fire , smolder in the driveway . caught up in she emotion , she dash toward the house with David , Russell and becca play catch up . david Judy , wait ! CUT to : alternate Pov ( static ) - through a lace - curtain upstairs window , we see they run across the field to the house ... int . dutton house - continuous Judy run in the front door and slow , shocked - the house be destroyed . hole smashed through the wall . sofas and chair slashed open . the upright piano decimate . David enter and survey the destruction with Judy as Russell check the other room to make sure there 's nobody here . 60 . Judy turn and walk out , past becca who have stop at the front door out of simple respect . David linger a moment then follow . ext . dutton house - continuous Judy at the clothesline take down the laundry . David walk over . david what be you do ? ( no reply ) stop . he catch she hand . Judy break down , drop clothes . David hold she beside the flutter white sheet . david ( be : house ) none of this matter . you know that . judy ( cry ) I do not care about the house ... it 's everything . everybody . everybody we know ... I do not see how we recover from this ... I do not see how this town ever come back ... neither do David . he hold she close . CUT to : alternate Pov - through a downstairs window , we see David and Judy outside by the clothesline . low raspy breaths . someone , inside the house , be watch . ext . dutton house - continuous Judy walk away from the house to clear she head . becca follow , hope to console . David come up the step past Russell who sit at the top , wiping sweat from he brow with a handkerchief . Russell nod at the smolder cruiser . russell sheriff -mobile 's see better day . david ( nod ) we will have to take we chance on the highway . power line will take too long . 61 . toss Russell the m-16 . david stay with they , I will be right back . Russell nod and go off across the lawn to catch the girl . int . kitchen , dutton house - continuous overturn appliance . food spill on the floor . David grab some bottle water and toss it in a dufflebag . int . hallway / stair - continuous with a bowl motion he slide the dufflebag the length of the hall to the front door as he head upstairs . int . upstair hallway - continuous cresting the stair , David come down the hall to the - int . bedroom - continuous he stop in the doorway , shocked . it 's a bloodbath . a blood - soaked sheet cover two corpse on the bed . who 's under there ? David step closer , draw back the sheet - two slaughtered pig they severe head on the pillow suggest a husband and wife . David place he hand on a carcass , check for warmth . his face darken . Fresh kill . he tense at a sudden scary think . be there someone under the bed ? he back slowly away , angle he gaze underneath . bare floor . a moment of relief and then with renew dread he slowly turn to face the doorway , realize the killer be more likely behind he , hide in the house , perhaps somewhere down this dark upstairs hallway . int . hallway - continuous David step into the hall . tense breath and then he start down it . very slowly . try not to make a sound . sensitive to the slight creak of the floorboard . 62 . halfway to the stair he stop abruptly , think he hear something . listen . nothing . the house be eerily still . Silent except for the curtain billow in the break window . he continue on . heel to toe . heart pound . each close door a potential hide place . ten foot in front of he on the leave , that door look particularly suspicious . the closet open a crack . David 's eye be rivete to it as he approach , convinced it will fly open any second . but the attack come from a open door to he right , from the half - paint nursery . as he pass - a garbage bag be yanked over he head and he be hit - wham ! - flat across the chest with a pipe . the blow send he fly backwards . bag on he head , David be kick in the gut and drag into the master bedroom by he foot , the plastic suck back into he mouth as he gasp for air . int . bedroom - continuous he be throw across the room into the bureau . crash ! ext . down the road —- continuous Judy , walk away , look back at the house . the windblown grass drown out b.g. noise . judy do you hear that ? becca shake she head . Russell too . they walk on . int . bedroom - continuous stagger to he foot , David claw at the plastic bag cover he face , rip it away to finally see he attacker . jake and curt hamill face half paralyze , half in spasm , wrench into hideous lopsided sneer . Jake grab the knife he use to slaughter the pig and make a lung stab . David 's hand fly up in a reflexive block . 63 . the knife point come out the back of david 's hand ! in and out , a flash of steel . David recoil clutching he hand , blood pour down . curt swing a pipe at he head . barely miss . David stumble backwards onto the bed , sandwich between the slaughter pig . Jake jump astride he , drive the knife two -hande at David 's chest . David catch he by the wrist , send he tumble off the side of the bed , and roll off the other side as curt bring the pipe down like a sledgehammer at he face . the pipe hit the pillow instead . feather explode everywhere . David climb to he foot , fumble for something to fight with . grab the phone book . a poor choice . the hamill boy back he into the corner . feather swirl . curt unleash another swing of the pipe . wham ! David partly block it with the yellow page , but the force send he fly backwards out the window . ext . dutton house - continuous crash ! - David fly through and tumble off the porch roof onto the lawn below . ext . down the road - continuous Judy , becca and Russell whip around . judy david !! they run for the house , but they be too far away to help . ext . dutton house - continuous David try to crawl away , but there 's no escape . the hamill boy emerge from the house , close in for the kill . ext . down the road - continuous Russell , Judy and becca run as fast as they can . judy david !! they can not reach he before the hamill boy do . know this , Russell drop to one knee with he revolver and fire two quick shot from the neighbor 's yard - pop ! pop ! 64 . dead-center a round in each of the hamill boy ' chest . it slow they but do not stop they completely . instantly up and run again , Russell put another two round in each brother on the move - pop - pop ! pop - pop ! - drop they in they track five foot from David . ext . dutton house - continuous Judy run to David 's side , near hysterics . badly shake himself , he put he arm around she . blood course down she cheek from he hand . judy David oh my God let I see ! let I see ! he hold out he hand . blood pool in the upturn palm . judy oh Jesus , David ... she flip it over , see the exit wound . judy ... it go through ?! he nod yeah , rattle to the core . becca run to the clothesline , grab a T-shirt . tear off a strip . tye the first loop around David wrist as a tourniquet and wrap the rest around he palm as a bandage . becca darling too tight ? David shake he head , it 's fine . Quick think by becca . Judy clasp she hand - thanks . this whole time Russell stand over the dead brother in the b.g. stare down at they . and then thing get weird : he reload and put three more bullet in the head of each brother , slowly , deliberately , savore each shot . with dawn horror David and Judy watch as he reload a second time and continue - bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! Judy can not watch anymore . judy stop !! Russell fire one last resounding shot and then , after a pause , walk over and pull David to he foot , the loyal deputy again . 65 . russell ( see David 's injury ) still with we ? david yeah . how ' bout you ? Russell catch David 's look and he meaning . cast a glance at the body . russell just make sure . David nod okay . Judy and becca stare in silence at the two bullet - riddled teenager on the front lawn . ext . road away from dutton house - day House in the b.g. , the group head down the road . David and Judy share a private word about Russell who walk just ahead , the m - 16 on he shoulder . judy he 's infect . david you do not know that . judy you see what he do . david he save my life , that 's what I see . end of discussion . David lengthen he stride to catch up with Russell . ext . highway 50 - day Arrow -straight to its vanish point . David , Judy , becca and Russell come into view . it 's hot and get hotter . one of that midsummer day where you feel the heat by 10 be . David stop abruptly . david goddammit . he turn and look back the way they come , cursing under he breath . david I leave the water at the house . 66 . judy how far to the truckstop ? david Fifteen mile . judy what do we do ? Russell grin at the hot SUN . russell we fry . ext . highway 50 - later through shimmering heat wave we see the highway . the foursome in the distance like a mirage . then in closeup . damp shirt . face bead with sweat . Russell take off he shirt and walk on bare chest . strong. sinewy . humming some 70 's rock song to himself . David watch he , try to gauge he sanity . deflect Judy 's look of concern with : david I have worry about she . indicate becca , who have fall behind . Judy go back , check on she . judy you all right ? becca darling I feel sick . judy what kind of sick ? becca darling dizzy . Judy take becca by the elbow , help she along . just then - a gunshot split the silence . David spin , where do that come from ? and before the group can orient themselves - another gunshot , closer than the first . they dive in the ditch as - a pickup truck come four- wheeling across the field . 67 . three redneck psychos in blood - soak hunter vest howling out the window , fire rifle . tied down across the hood be the body of pvt . billy babcock nake . gut like a deer . David and the other stare numbly at this latest horror . the pickup tear through a old barb wire fence as it race off across the field . ext . highway 50 - later more walk . more sweat . Judy , help becca as before , spot a bingo hall set back from the highway on a dirt road . a old coupe do ville park in the lot . judy David . he nod , already spot it . Russell do not seem to realize they have stop and continue walk . judy what about he ? david hey Russ . Russell do not hear he , keep walk . david Russell ! Russell never turn , never slow . David watch , worried . judy where he 's go ? david ( have no idea ) let 's get the car . ext . bingo hall - day a white peak - roof bingo hall sit alone on the prairie like a church without a steeple . David , Judy and becca cross the parking lot . a haunt voice echoe inside the building , stop they dead in they track . man' voice b- 14 ... 68. David and Judy trade look . he cock he handgun and they continue toward the building . int . lobby , bingo hall - day they enter a carpete lobby . frame picture of happy winner on the wall . and here , a water fountain . becca , thirst -craze , go straight for it . step on the pedal . it hiss and sputter . no water . david can not drink it anyway . becca release the pedal . and now that haunt voice come over the PA system : man' voice I - 21 ... they all look to the set of double door . int . MAIN room , bingo hall - continuous the door see from the other side as they open . David , Judy and becca step through , warily , to scan the dark hall . man' voice on p.a. g-47 ... stand in the shadow at the far end , under the big illuminate bingo flashboard , a old man in a shriner 's hat be read the number off ping pong ball as they fly up the chute into he hand from a electric blower-tumbler . david ( call to he ) that you car out front ? no reply , no acknowledgement whatsoever from the old shriner . he read another ball . old bingo shriner ( over PA system ) n-32 ... they walk up the aisle toward he . david hey , be that you car out there ? old bingo shriner ( over PA system ) 0-67 ... 69 . david can we borrow the key ? they stop ten foot away . the old shriner hold out he hand , palm downturned , as if to offer David something . a beat then - fsshhtunk - a ping pong ball fly up into it . old bingo shriner ( over PA system ) I - 29 ... Judy spot someone in the shadow . there , sit among the empty table on the other side of the room - a morbidly obese man in suspender leaned intently over he bingo card . she walk over to he , David and becca close behind . judy Excuse I , be that you -- she recoil in horror . the fat man be two day dead . Throat slit . jaw gape at he blood - cake bingo card . they all stand there for a moment processing the image . a five-hundred pound corpse with a bingo card . roll of decompose fat overhange the chair he 's sit in . owner of the coupe De ville ? Judy step closer . holding she breath at the stench , remind herself she 's a doctor , she slip she hand into the dead man 's shirt pocket . empty . right pant pocket . empty . Left side . empty . she can not reach the back one . he 's sit on they . judy help I lift he . startle look of ' who we ? 's from David and becca . a look in reply from Judy , ' yes , you two 's . they come over and take hold . judy on three . one ... two ... Three ! as they wrestle with the man 's decompose bulk , the dead weight shift unexpectedly , slip - david shit , get back ! the massive corpse go crashing to the floor , the belly splitting OPEN on one side unleash a torrent of blood and innard and liquefy fat . Judy stand in that mess , repulse . hold up she hand . 70 . car keys . ext . bingo hall - day they exit to find russell sit on the bumper of the coupe De ville . piss off , pour sweat , m - 16 across he lap . russell guy try to ditch I ? david Russ , I call to ya , you keep walk . we be gonna pick you up down the road . Russell say nothing , dubious . David put the key in the ignition . say a little prayer and give it a try . the engine turn over twice and start . ext . highway 50 - day empty highway . the coupe De ville come into view at a cautious thirty mile a hour . int . coupe do ville - day David drive , scan the horizon for danger . Judy do the same from the passenger seat . Russell sit bare - chest in the back seat with becca . whisper to she , paranoid : russell he call to I back there ? becca darling twice . russell loud enough to hear ? becca nod yeah . russell then why do not I hear he ? Judy shush everybody . judy listen ! they all go silent . and now we hear it , the sound of a oncoming apache 71 . oh shit . they be sit duck out here . David punch the gas , spin the tire - screeeech !! a burst of acceleration follow by a sudden stop as he pull the car off the road - ext . car wash - continuous - into the wash bay of a automated car wash . int . coupe do ville - continuous David kill the engine , everybody pitching they ear to the fast - approach roar overhear -— vrooom ! - the Apache come scream down the highway . follow the road to its vanish point . go . but the threat remain . judy we can not stay on the highway . david ( force patience ) what would you recommend , dear ? judy you say something about the powerline road . david we be five mile the other way now . becca , in the back , look out the window and gasp . a hideous half -dead face watch they from the car wash lobby . becca darling there 's somebody in there . david what ? where ? becca darling ( point ) I see someone . they all stare at the lobby . there 's nobody there . judy let 's go . David reach for the ignition , but before he hand get there - the car wash roar to life ! 72 . the track engage the front tire , yanking the car forward into the machine . russell Holy fuck ! becca darling what 's happen ?! david somebody turn it on ! a overhead spray nozzle spray its residual water and then , sputter dry , puke pink liquid soap all over the windshield , blind they . judy david , get US out of here !! he start the engine , punch the gas , but the tire , cover in pink slime , just spin in the track . they 's 1l have to ride it out . david goddammit ! a hideous twitching face Judy catch a glimpse of it through the swirl machinery . judy over there !! David and Russell spin to look , but they view be obstruct as - big spinning brush swing into frame , whipping at the window and body panel , fling the pink soap off in gooey tendril . and now becca see out the back - another sinister face she lose it . David whip he head around to see , but the brush come spin down off the roof and across the back window , blind he . heighten terror . all the window cover in soap . the deafening hum of the machinery . becca , hysterical , crouching on the floor - becca darling I do not wanna die like this ! 73 . a dark shape zip past Russell 's window . he freak . roll it down and goe fully automatic with the m - 16 , spraying bullet everywhere . David and the other cover they ear , the deafening gunfire only add to the terror . david russell !!! craze , Russell keep fire , empty the clip . toss the spend weapon out the window . roll it up again . turn to tell David : russell I see movement ! david everything 's fucking moving !! a momentary calm as the brush retract . and then - wham ! - the swaying chamois dryer hit the windshield , make everybody jump . David fire a reflexive shot through the windshield , then steady himself . the long tentacles of fabric engulf the car , shimmy across the window like live creature . it 's creepy . God know what they conceal . David try the gas again - whirrrrrrrr . we hear the tire spin . David keep they go , inching the car forward by that small coefficient of friction . david come on , come on , come on ... suddenly , as they clear the tentacles - crash ! the driver 's side window explode behind David 's head , spraying the interior with glass fragment . almost simultaneously the rear window explode , a cinder block landing in the back seat . a lunatic face fly in at David through he shattered window , tooth bare like a rabid dog . David deflect the bite to the steering wheel where it take a chunk out of the rubber , expose the steel below . David counter with a vicious elbow that crush the lunatic 's nose and send he reeling backwards against the wall . another lunatic walk up onto the hood of the car , hold a cinder block above he head that be destine for the windshield . Judy scream , shield she face . 74 . judy david !! crash ! the windshield shatter . the car roof cave in as a third lunatic jump on top and trampoline . and now the first lunatic be back at the window , a human pit bull , David barely hold he off by the throat as he start the engine with he other hand . the first lunatic lash out , loop a rinse hose around David 's neck . a noose . the lunatic on the roof yank it taut use the overhead swing arm as a winch to pry David out of the car . choke , head jamme against the ceiling , David throw the car into the reverse , create slack in the hose . Judy frantically unwind it from he neck . freed , David go full throttle . the whirrrrrrr of the spin tire become a pierce screeeeeeech as they catch the asphalt at the end of the track . but at the last second , one of the lunatic loop the hose around becca 's neck as the car peel out , the hose snap taut and yank her backward out the rear window ! Judy whip around scream , jam she foot on the brake . ext . car wash - continuous jump out and run to becca who be dangle from the swing arm . David and Russell jump out right behind she , drop the attacker at close range . bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! Judy grab becca around the torso , support she weight as she try to get the hose from around she neck . a desperate effort and a futile one . the hose be too tight and becca be dead . neck snap . noose by the high - pressure hose . David come over , turn Judy away . she fight it and then reality hit . she hammer she fist on he chest in anger and then collapse against he in grief , sobbing . meanwhile , in the b.g. , the coupe De ville , leave idling in neutral , roll across the lot and come to a stop in the road . it sit there idling as Judy return to becca now , need to get she down . 75 . judy help I ! David pull he knife and cut the hose . becca slump into Judy 's arm . Judy cradle she down into a seat position , weep over the girl 's body . the scene would end on that image , but it 's here that the apache revisit they . scream across the prairie to open fire on the expose coupe De ville . bullet strafe the car lengthwise . it catch fire and burn . they watch in silence . Russell nodd to himself like a man reveling in God 's authority . David and Judy 's expression edging toward doom . the smoke , blow across they face , paint Judy 's tear black . ext . highway 50 - later they walk on . Judy look ready to give up . judy they 'il never let we in without testing we . I already fail that test once . david and you know why . judy oh Jesus , David . even if you be right , how be we gonna prove it ? david I be feel persuasive . up ahead be a family station wagon stop by a spike strip . David check the ignition as they walk up . keys . he reach in , try to start the engine . judy the tire be flat . david it will drive on the rim . the engine turn over , will not start . he pop the hood . all the spark plug cable have be CUT . david bastard . 76 . slam the hood down . moment of despair . David look wearily down the highway . hear something behind they . a car approaching . there in the distance , come fast . david move ! they all take cover behind the station wagon . here it come , racing down the highway ... the black chevy suburban judy maybe they will help . david do you just block out the last seventy - two hour of you life ? they be not even gonna stop . russell sure , they be . with a derange smile Russell kick the spike strip - bury in the dirt behind the stop wagon - across the road . the suburban hit it at a hundre mile a hour , skid sideways and goe into a barrel roll . piece fly off as it tumble . a bumper . a door . it come to rest on its side in the cornfield . Russell go jogging off toward it , rifle in hand . David and Judy in utter shock . judy if they be alive he will kill ‘em . David take off after Russell , holler he name . ext . black suburban wreckage / field - day a nondescript man of fifty crawl from the wreckage . buzzcut . shatter gasmask hang from he face . a military intelligence officer . he 's on he hand and knee , bleed from the mouth , from a gash in he hairline . Russell put a gun to he head . russell welcome to marsh County . friendliest place on Earth . David run up . Judy behind . david Russ ! Russ ! let I talk to he ! 77 . Russell mull it over , gun on the guy 's head . back off . david ( to Intelligence Officer ) what do you people spill ? the Intelligence Officer spit blood , look up at David , daze , angry . military intelligence officer who the fuck be you ? david the guy stand between you and a bullet . the Intelligence Officer spit more blood then shift painfully into a seat position . pull off the shattered gasmask . toss it aside . david what be we expose to ? after a moment , with a sigh of resignation : military intelligence officer Zoonotic agent , rhabdoviridea prototype . judy rhabdoviridea ... you mean , raby ? military intelligence officer with a few alteration and enhancement . david what 's he talk about ? judy ( shocked ; sicken ) a weapon . a biological weapon . david whoa , whoa , whoa , wait a minute , you guy engineered this crap ?! you get any idea what it do to people ?! military intelligence officer it do what it be design to do . destabilize a population . in this case , the wrong one . ( off they stunne look ) ( more ) 78 . military intelligence officer ( cont would ) we lose a plane , fella , what do you want I to say ? david how about ' sorry for destroy you whole goddamn town ’?! military intelligence officer take it up with the pilot , I come down here to help ! David have no answer for that . the Intelligence Officer , like billy babcock , defy the ' enemy 's label , just another guy on a different side of the issue do he job . judy what 's the incubation period ? military intelligence officer forty -eight hour . after that , you be either dead or you do not have it . but they be afraid it could go airborne . it 's rare but it happen and they be not take any chance . judy how rare ? military intelligence officer one-in-a-million . david you guy be gonna let we die here for one - in-a-million odd ? military intelligence officer when the risk be global pandemic ? you be goddamn right . one carrier be all it take . nobody leave . grim silence . the Intelligence Officer struggle to he foot , lean wobbly - legge against the wreckage , somebody 's husband , somebody 's father , the beat hero of he own story . military intelligence officer ( apologetic ) for what it 's worth , I -- bang ! - he head jerk back as a bullet rip through he forehead . Russell just shot he from behind David . david nooo !!! 79 . Judy be scream . Falls down as she stagger backwards . have never see someone shot at close range . David grab Russell two -fisted by the shirt and walk he backwards into the field , yell in he face . david what' the matter with you ?! where' you head at ?! I say I wanted to talk to he !! Russell hold David 's stare , coldly indifferent . russell you talk . Russell shoulder he rifle and walk off , pick up a portable military radio from the debris along the way . David watch he then help Judy to she foot . a dead intelligence officer in a kansas cornfield . blood , spray across the suburban 's undercarriage , sizzling on the hot exhaust pipe . ext . highway 50 - later David and Judy walk the sun-scorch highway , eye train on Russell who walk fifty pace in front , a man to fear . david I all get the gun from he . judy what if he try to stop you ? Russell , out of earshot , glance back at they as if know they private thought . turn forward again . and we get David 's reply : david he 's a good kid , but I will kill he if I have to . Russell start to jog . David and Judy match he stride , maintain that fifty - pace separation . ext . gas station - later abandon fill station . Russell cross the lot and go inside . David and Judy arrive moment later and follow he . tense . moment of truth . 80 . int . gas station - day David and Judy enter . on the far wall be a cooler fill with bottle water . Russell toss they both a bottle . david thanks . Russell exit without a word . step outside and pour a entire bottle over he head . open a second bottle and sit down drink it on the concrete median by the pump . David and Judy guzzle , the excess water run down they neck . both watch Russell through the window as he scan the channel on the military radio . static . he put the radio down and head for the man 's room . David see Russell 's mistake . the radio , and he gun , sit by the pump . int . men' room , gas station - day Russell , at the urinal , flush , zip , step to the sink where he blow he nose into he handkerchief . the white cloth turn dark red , filling with blood . he tuck it away , seemingly unaware . stare at himself in the crack mirror . Dead -ey . sweat rivering down he cheek . madness . ext . gas station - day Russell exit . see he gun be go . flush with rage , he cross to David , who have they . russell I be gonna need that back . david I will carry them for a while . you have be carry them the whole time . russell yeah , thanks anyway . Russell reach for they . David shake he head , stony . david I get ‘em . 81. russell you sure about that ? david yeah . Russell nod , nod again , then draw from behind he back a spare handgun . David be hopelessly outdrawn . Judy white with terror . judy Russell , we be on you side ... russell my side ? I do not even know there be side . judy there 's not , I do not -- russell tell she to shut up . David gesture . Judy stop talk . Russell press the gun to David 's chest . judy russell , no ! russell tell her to shut her mouth or i'll kill her too ! david ( to Judy while look at Russell ) stop talk . let he think about what he 's do . Russell stare David in the face . finger on the trigger . tap he bluntly on the chest with the barrel . russell one .. ( tap he again ) two ... ( tap he again ) Three ! you be wait for the gunshot but Russell just shake he head in reproach . 82 . russell that 's how many time I save you life . ext . gas station / highway 50 - moment later Russell , who now have all the gun , gesture down the road with he revolver . russell ( e.g. ' walk 's ) out in front where I can see you . David and Judy start down the road , Russell behind they . they talk under they breath . judy let 's just run . david no. give he a target he will hit it . let I think a minute . they walk on , weigh they option . and David realize . they have none . david ( turn ) fuck it , I be gonna confront he . judy David , no - david we do not get to that truck stop we be dead anyway . he walk back toward Russell . Russell raise the m - 16 . russell back off . david I want to talk to you . russell back off ! Russell take aim at David 's face . david just wanna talk . 83 . judy david , stop ! david put the gun down . Russell tighten on the trigger . russell you better listen to I . judy david ! david put it down . russell final warning , chief ! david I just want to talk to you . David walk right up to he . the m - 16 point at he throat . Russell stare down the barrel . david can we talk ? man to man ? a long tense moment then Russell lower he weapon . david okay . here 's the deal -- David punch he square in the face , lay he out flat . Russell , daze , offer no resistance as David quietly disarm he , just stare at the sky like he 's daydream : russell ( hazy ) remember that monster catfish I catch last summer ? david ( disarming he ) yeah . russell ( hazy ) what would he weigh , you reckon ? david ( disarming he ) ten fifteen pound . 84. faint smile from Russell . russell ( hazy ) Big son of a bitch . Judy arrive , she shadow fall across Russell who sit up now , semi-lucid , the suckerpunch help clear he head . russell I be not right , be I ? David shake he head no . Russell nod in confirmation . unexpectedly , he voice crack with emotion . russell can I keep walk with you guy ? Little while longer ? David trade look with Judy . ext . highway 50 - later they be jogging again . Russell struggle to keep up . Judy drink from a water bottle , pass it to David . he finish it , toss it . and before the bottle hit the ground - he grab she and pull she into the tall grass . they peer through it . both crouching . two military truck butte together form a checkpoint two hundred yard down the road . six heavily armed soldier in biosuit . no way past . Russell arrive beside they , huffing . size up the checkpoint . indicate a route through the adjoin field . russell cut through there , you can pick up the highway on the other side . david they will see we . russell they will be focusin ' on I . David look at Russell . he 's offer to sacrifice himself . russell deputy do what the sheriff tell he . you be the sheriff . permission . David can not give it . Russell hold out he hand for a gun . 85 . russell I be do , chief , let I go out big . moment of deliberation then David put the revolver in Russell 's hand , make sure it 's fully load . a beat and then he give he the shotgun as well , pump he last shell into the chamber . gun in each hand , Russell eye the checkpoint . steeling himself . look at David one last time . russell hoo-fuckin' -yah . and take off through the field toward the checkpoint . we run with he , immerse in the sound - the swishing grass , he pounding step , and the rock anthem he 's sing under he breath to psych himself up ( " walk this Way " ) : russell met a cheerleader be a real young bleeder oh the time I could reminisce , ' Cause the best thing of lovin ' with she sister and she cousin only start with a little kiss , like this ... he open FIRE , veer out of the field in a dead sprint at the checkpoint . take out four of the six soldier before they gun he down . the remain soldier gather around Russell 's body . David and Judy run to safety through the opposite field . ext . highway 50 - sundown a road sign . quik phil 's truckstop 1/2 mile . David and Judy lengthen they stride . david come on . we be there . ext . quik phil' truckstop / staging area - sundown David and Judy slow as they reach the parking lot , anticipation turn to dread . the truckstop be abandoned . a ghost town . they kick aside the temporary fencing and walk across the empty parking lot . it 's strewn with litter like a state fairground at the end of the season . david it be Grand Central last night . 86 . judy they must have get everybody out . david in what ...? the evacuation buse be park in the same spot as before . and boot , like the car in town , to prevent drive . it 's eerily quiet . which make the one sound they do hear all the more ominous . a steady hum from the far side of the parking lot where three refrigerated big rig trailer be line up . David and Judy exchange a grim look . ext . refrigerated trailer - sundown seventy -footer . back door padlock . refrigeration unit humming . David break open a padlock use the shotgun as a pry arm . swing open the door ... lifeless arm flop into frame . GREEN barcoded bracelet on there wrist . David and Judy stare in disbelief . we never see inside the trailer itself . they face tell the story . judy they be not even sick ... David pick something up off the ground . a handful of m-16 shell casing . david nobody leave . he fling they across the parking lot in disgust . we hear the shell clinking and pinging over a image of the dangle dead arm . int . entrance , quik phil' truckstop - sundown a trash can shatter the glass door . David and Judy step through and survey the desert truckstop . slot machine glimmer multi-color in the darkness . int . restaurant , quik phil' truckstop - dusk David and Judy lean over a kansas map in the empty restaurant . the soft hiss of static on the military radio . 87 . david we do not get outta here nobody 's ever gonna know what happen . judy they wipe out a entire town . what be they go to say ? david whatever they want . ( indicate map ) all this road be gonna be block . int . gift shop , quik phil' truckstop - night they grab supplies . bottle water . chocolate bar . hat and sunglass from a display rack as they exit . int . corridor , quick phil 's truckstop - continuous come down the hall toward the main entrance . david thirty mile to wichita . on foot , avoid main road , we will average maybe three four mile a hour . that get we there by daybreak . a noise stop they . come from just around the corner . there be it again . the sound of a coin tumbling through a pay phone , be take from the return slot and reinserted at the top where it tumble down again and again and again . David motion for Judy to remain silent and perfectly still . tiptoes to the corner . peer around it . sitting in one of that private pay phone stall with he back to we be a beast of a man , a giant Oklahoma truck driver in a blood-stain tanktop . the blood be he own , seeping from a gunshot he take in the chest and do not die from . David duck back around the corner . Holy shit . he turn back to Judy , motion for she to head back the opposite direction . but just then we hear - the coin , tumbling through the pay phone again , fall from the return slot and hit the floor , followed by the ominous SOUND of it rolling ever nearer ... it roll into view and go into one of that lazy spin in front of David and Judy . 88. a stunne pause then they start back away . quickly and quietly as possible . the coin spin faster and faster . the truck driver 's footstep approach . he come around the corner , look up from the coin at David and Judy . his face be grotesque : dead on one side , the other half in violent spasm , mouth jerking back to expose the teeth and gum . as he stand there stare at they - bang ! - he take a bullet in the side of the head . Gore spray from the exit wound . he fall and we hear delirious howl down the hall . in one of that corner - mount security mirror , David and Judy see who fire the shot - the redneck hunter trudge down the hall in they blood - soak orange vest . David gesture for Judy to back up fast . she do and he follow she , the two of they retreate into the int . restaurant , quik phil 's - night immediately they be force to hit the floor as - the pickup truck drive by the third hunter , pull up right outside the window , the back of it heape with body . David and Judy , flat on they stomach , draw quick terrify breath . judy do he see we ? david I do not know . we gotta move . they crawl across the carpet toward the far side of the restaurant . the two hunter drag the dead truckdriver out by he ankle and heave he body up onto the pile . the third hunter lay on the horn in celebration of the kill . David and Judy crawl behind the counter , through a swinging door into the - int . kitchen , quik phil 's restaurant - night they pause just inside , breathless with fear . David , steadying the swinging door with he fingertip , try to think what to do next . 89 . judy maybe they 's 1l leave . David give she a doubtful look , steal a peek through the window in the door . david truck 's still there . the driver 's seat be empty . no sign of the hunter anywhere . until - all three of they enter the restaurant ! guffaw , gun levele , look for prey . david fuck . David duck down . scan the kitchen . no visible exit . they be trap . judy where be they ? David gesture ' right there , shhhhh . 's he peer through the crack in the door , watch as : the hunter search the restaurant , look under table , work they way through the seating area toward the kitchen . one of they slip out of view as they approach . david they be come . David and Judy retreat toward the back of the kitchen . David grab a couple of knife as they pass the cook 's station , hand one to Judy . they hide around a corner , flatten themselves against the wall , David with a finger to he lip tell Judy not to make a sound . and now - the kitchen door swing open . the two hunter enter . we hear they heavy bootstep . the tread leave bloody footprint on the tile . they make they way past the cook 's station and the sink to the very corner where david and judy be hiding here they pause , as if sense they prey , and then , together , whip around the corner , gun up . david and judy be gone 90 . but where ? we find they around the next corner , they final fallback position . they listen , clutching the knife , to the advancing footstep of the hunter . in the final second David see - a door ten foot away . Fire exit . can they make it ? he motion to Judy . they go for it . slip through . int . back hallway - continuous stop dead in they track on the other side . stand right in front of they be the third hunter ! with a excited grunt he put the gun in David 's face and pull the trigger . click ! idiot forget to reload . David drive the knife into he neck and leave it there as he and Judy take off down the hall . the hunter drop to he knee , puke up handfuls of blood . the other two hunter explode through the door and open fire . David and Judy run for they life . the hunter in hot pursuit , gallop along in they bloody boot . int . arcade - continuous David and Judy cut through a arcade . pinball machine and slot machine fly past in a blur . boom ! - a shotgun blast vaporize a pacman machine . int . hallway - continuous they exit the arcade into a hallway with one flicker fluorescent light . David grab door handle as they run , look for a exit . this one open . a mop closet shit . they run on . desperate . gunshot chase they around the corner . the hunter close in . nowhere to run . except this -— last door David yank it open . he and Judy race through , down a corridor gl . line with vend machine and chair that widen into a lobby of some sort . another door fly open . David and Judy , charge through , find themselves in - int . garage , quik phil' truckstop - continuous the cavernous work area where they service the rig . David lock the door behind they . a temporary respite because a plate glass window look in from the lobby . as soon as they see it , the two hunter be there . David spin , see : a big - rig cab elevate six feet off the ground on a hydraulic lift . on the wall nearby be a dozen sets of keys . David lunge , grab they . david climb ! scale tool chest and oil drum , David and Judy climb up to the elevate truck cab as - the hunter shatter the window and climb inside the garage . David and Judy dive inside the cab as shotgun blast pulverize the door . the hunter keep shoot , empty they gun at the elevate rig . when they stop to reload - int . truck cab - continuous David and Judy , crouch on the floor , seize the moment . david lock ‘em ! they both lock they door and crouch back down , brace themselves for another assault . but there be no more gunshot . not yet . what they hear instead be tool spilling to the floor . judy oh my God , they be climb up ! David jump into the driver 's seat as the first hunter climb into view . he meet David 's gaze with a murderous grin . aim he shotgun at the glass . 92 . David kick he door open , send the hunter fly off to the floor below where he skull hit with a sickening crack . undeterred , he start climb back up . the second hunter scale the tool chest ahead of he . but David see something far more terrifying than this two : the third hunter climb in through the lobby window . knife still embed in he neck , blood rivering from the wound , he glare up at David in the truck then start look around for something . see it over there on the wall . the hydraulic release button David read he intention , toss Judy the key . no time to waste . david see if any of that work ! Judy start try they in the ignition , one after another , toss the useless set aside . the third Hunter could just press the release button , but decide to shoot it instead . blow the entire switch assembly off the wall . the rig doesn ’t move . so the third Hunter walk over under the truck and start fire randomly into the sub-floor mechanic of the lift itself . he finally hit some vital part , not anticipate the outcome -— with a hydraulic whoosh the big rig drop straight down . Judy scream in freefall . wham ! - the rig land , crushing the third hunter underneath . the other two hunter find this mishap hilarious , laugh uproariously . a strange interlude . Judy desperately fishing around on the floor . david what be you do ?! judy I drop the key ! David bend to help . something hit the windshield like a sledgehammer . 93 . the first hunter stand on the front bumper , beat on the windshield with a ten pound steel wrench . devastate blow . each impact whiten the glass , send pebble fragment fly back at David 's and Judy 's face . Judy try whatever key she can find . judy none of they work ! wham ! more pebble fragment fly back at they . Judy , ducking it , fish around on the floor for more key . find another set . tries they . no good . david hurry ! judy I can not find they ! fish around under the seat . find another set . jam they in the ignition and the dash light illuminate as the diesel engine roar to life . David let out a howl . david yeeeah ! throw the rig into gear and with the airhorn blaring - ext . quik phil' truckstop - night come crashing out through the garage door . the rig tear off across the parking lot with the redneck hunter staggering after it on foot . int . truck cab - moment later speed down the highway . pulse pound . Judy unfold a map from the glovebox . judy the smallest straightest road to wichita . david perfect. 94 . ext . country lane - night the truck race down a country lane , a big moonlit dust cloud rise in its wake . int . truck cab - continuous Judy fiddle with the military radio , pick up a staticky signal . judy what be that ? she fiddle some more . snippet of military communications become audible through the static : military com ... fifty-nine ... ( static ) ...fifty-five ...fifty-four ... ( static ) ...fifty-one...fifty ... Judy and David turn slowly to look at one another . haunted by the same question . judy what happen at zero ? David floor the gas pedal . military com ...forty-five ...forty-four ... ( static ) ...forty -two ... ext . country lane - continuous the truck barrel toward we down the quiet country road . military com ( v.o. ) ...- thirty-six ... thirty -five ... int . truck cab - continuous David and Judy race on , rigid with fear . the dark countryside shoot past the window . military com ..- thirty ...twenty-nine ...twenty - eight ... Judy scramble into the sleeper compartment , watch out the back window . 95 . military com ...twenty ...nineteen ... eighteen ... seventeen ... sixteen ... judy' Pov - the road recede toward the black horizon . judy faster ! david ( pedal to floor ) that 's everything ! ext . country lane - continuous the wild white eye of frighten horse jump back from a roadside fence as the truck fly past . military com ( v.o. ) ... twelve ... eleven ... int . truck cab - continuous David 's white - knuckle grip on the wheel . Judy 's face press against the back window . that ominous static - lace voice on the radio : military com ...ten ...nine ... eight ... the road fly toward we out of darkness . military com ... five ... David 's face . military com ..- four ... Judy 's face . military com ... three ... Judy reach over , grip David 's shoulder . military com «+.two ... David grip she hand . military com ...one ... 96 . Zero . Judy stare out . David craning he neck . david anything ? Judy silent , wait , stare . david anything ?! judy no ... david nothing ? just the black horizon . Judy , baffle , meet eye with David in the rear view mirror . judy nothing . and then it hit . the blinding white detonation of a nuclear warhead rip a hole in the night sky . sear white light fill the cab . Judy watch the blast through she finger . judy oh my God ... david what the hell be that ?! David , bone -chill , look out he side window , see — a luminous shockwave racing across the prairie behind they , sweeping over eerily backlit barn and house . david get down ! ext . truck - continuous the shockwave wallop the truck like a punch from God , pitching it forward on the front axle . int . truck cab - continuous through the windshield we see the shockwave go shoot past we down the highway , Mach one , its vacuum suck out the rig 's side window - boosh ! 97 . ext . truck - continuous the truck fall back onto its rear wheel , snapping the rear axle . int . truck cab - continuous David wrestle the rig under control , steer it onto the shoulder , the axle grinding on pavement . the initial blind burst dim to a eerie crimson halflight and we see the aftermath , a netherworld of fire and smoke and swirl ash : a mile - wide cornfield engulf in flame . the post of a wooden fence like a row of torch . a hellish black - orange mushroom cloud rise up from the prairie beyond . David and Judy stare in speechless horror . static crackle on the military radio like the countdown never happen . ext . kansas field - daybreak David and Judy trudge through waist-high grass . Sun pinken the sky in the east . wichita on the near horizon . look of hope . ext . wichita , kansas - day people . traffic . life as normal . David and Judy walk up a commercial street in the trucker hat and sunglass they take from quik phil 's . ext . diner - day greasy spoon . full of patron . David sit at the counter in he trucker hat and sunglass . quiet . inconspicuous . Judy be on the pay phone in the back . she hang up , come over and sit on the stool beside David . judy my parent be come to get we . David hold he reply as the waitress step up , pen poise to take they order . waitress what '1ll it be ? david couple water . waitress that it ? 98 . he nod , catch she hand as she turn . david bottle . she nod okay . on a tv above the counter , regular programming be interrupt by a special news update . patron look up from they meal with the concern one feel for a neighbor community . news update casualty continue to mount follow a devastating explosion at a chemical plant in rural Kansas . Ogden marsh , a farming community of some four hundred family , be believe to have be levele in the blast . authority continue to search for survivor , but hold out little hope . more as this tragic story unfold ... the official version of event . David watch in disgust . Judy in disbelief , state the obvious : judy that 's not what happen . the waitress bring the water and the check . as David reach for the bottle , he pause , notice something . there , on the check , by the waitress 's smiley - face signature ... a black spot strange . like ink from a break pen . he lift he sunglass and the spot turn it 's natural color : red disbelief . he touch he finger to he nose . they come back drip . Judy see the blood . her look of horror be we final image . judy no ... fade out .