last house on the left by Mark haslett base on the film by wes craven revision by Adam alleca current revision by Carl ellsworth Midnight entertainment 11846 ventura Blvd. , ste. 208 Studio City , CA 91604 818/752-0197 ext . anycity , U.S.A . - the dead of night peer down from above onto this sleep berg ... dj ( v.0 . ) it 's three o'clock in the morning , lady and germ , that 's oh-three hundred in the a.m , so stay frosty , keep you eye on the road and that dial lock and load . I be Ray Richards and I 'il be you captain this evening on Red - Eye radio 93.7 the rage ... heavy metal blare over open title as we take note of the few lonely vehicle on the main thoroughfare . we be interested in that two over there : a dark grey prison transfer van ( dept of correction stencile on the side ) and a police cruiser follow closely behind . morton ( v.o. ) so the guy 's horny as hell , right ? but he 's only get ten buck . int . van —- night - continuous - moving gile , 25 , a clean - cut uniform cop , drive while detective morton , 40 's , suit and loosen tie , sit in the passenger seat . a dark silhouett hulk of a figure lurk in the b.g. handcuffed to the wall of he wire cage . morton so he go to this whorehouse -- ( be : radio music ) -- what be this crap ? he turn it off . dark figure that be '' fist . '' they debut concert , April 14 , 1987 . they single - handedly ushere in a new heavy metal sound by apply traditional jazz undertone , the appreciation of which be ... sorely lack . morton that 's because it 's crap . dark figure it 's genius . morton ( resume the joke ) so the guy go to this whorehouse and tell the Madame : '' Lady , I need to get laid right now . '' gile titter in amusement , keep he eye on the road . morton ( cont ’d ) she take he measly ten buck , say it be not much , but she can still help he out . so she tell he to go in the first door he find . gile nod , take a sip of coffee . morton ( cont ’d ) so he go in the first door and find a chicken sit on the bed . gile a chicken ? morton that 's what he say . but he 's horny as hell , so after a little soul search he give in and fuck the chicken . gile chuckle . dark figure ( 0.s. ) naturally . morton ( do he best to ignore ) ride the poor thing half to death . feather fly everywhere , right ? so the next week , he 's even hornier -- dark figure ( krug ; o.s. ) please , spare we the '' next week , '' detective Morton . morton ( irritate now ) spare you , krug ? krug yes. spare I . morton and why would I ever do you the courtesy , you piece of shit ? krug ( nodd 0.s. ) because we be about to miss we exit . Morton look back . krug 's right . morton gile , this be it -- gile swerve the van down the exit ramp ... gile sorry . krug you be welcome . morton you in a hurry or something , krug ? the figure lean forward , emerge from the shadow to expose krug ( early 30 ) , a handsome , muscular man with cold , hard feature . krug yeah , I be in a hurry to eat . morton what , you think we be move you to a friggin five-diamond Hilton ? they nre still gonna feed you the same maggot- infest shit . krug hmm . well , that be disconcert . sure you can not drop I at that Hilton ? morton pretty sure . krug holiday Inn Express ? morton in you dream , my friend . in you dream . this as the van approach a red light at a quiet inner CITY intersection gile look out , wait for a couple of approach car to pass -- a station wagon and a heavy duty pick -up . the station wagon innocently go by -- but the pick - up suddenly swerve and ram the van ! fwam ! the truck smashes into the front half of the van , spin it ninety degree in a explosion of fly metal debris ! the cop in the cruiser behind the van throw open they door , jump out and open FIRE on the truck . pop pop pop ! the truck 's windshield explode ! the cop cease fire only to hear the voice of a woman 0o.s . woman ( 0.s. ) ' scuse I ? the cop whirl around to see a mask woman stand behind the open driver 's side door of the station wagon that pass the van just second earlier ! the gunfire must have mask she approach . she level a silence nine- millimeter pistol at the cop and fire two quick , efficient shot . bam bam ! the cop drop . the woman step forward , call out to the smashed pick - up : woman ( cont ’d ) you alright in there ?! a quick , silent beat . then -- masked man ( 0.s. ) never better ! the pick - up 's door push open , revealing another mask man we will soon know as francis , early 30' . he hop out , dust off shard of glass from the windshield , make a beeline for the van 's passenger side door . open it to reveal morton groan weakly in the passenger seat , blood leak from a severe gash on he head . gile be slump over the wheel , motionless and bloody . Francis reach inside , take Morton 's glock and a pair of key , toss they to the woman who quickly unlock the van 's 's back - door and look inside , she wide eye nervous and uncertain . masked woman krug ? you okay ? a beat . then -- krug sit up from the darkness -- shake but uninjured . krug neck hurt a little . masked woman ( unlock he ) well do not sue I , I be uninsured . as soon as the cuff drop away , krug rip the woman 's mask off to reveal a 20ish harden beauty . call she sadie . krug cup she face , give she a intensely quick kiss . sadie ( be : the smashed van ) whaddaya think ? perfect timing , huh ? I do good ? tell I I do good . krug you mostly do good . sadie ( playfully shove he ) mostly ? krug I tell you , my neck hurt , sadie . sadie well , something 's gonna hurt a lot worse if you keep critique my handiwork . krug ooh . sadie ( then ; with urgency ) c'mon , let 's get you outta here . with francis - he yank Morton out of the van . Morton hit the concrete with a weak cry of pain , crippled by break bone . Francis look over , see krug and sadie come around . krug Francis , where 's my kid ? francis do not call I Francis . he 's fine . sadie but still sad about he mom . krug then he 's the only one . this as krug grab the Glock from Francis , stand over Morton , take aim -- morton be you gonna kill I ? a tense beat as krug 's finger start to depress the trigger . then -- krug Nah , I do not have the energy . I be starve , remember ? krug hand the gun back to Francis . krug ( cont 'd ) ( nonchalant ) pull that trigger , will you ? Francis re-focus on Morton -- and fire -- the deafen gunshot be match by a deafening alarm clock as we smash to : int . mari ’‘s bedroom —- early morning a hand slam down on the clock : 5:25 am . Pan to reveal mari collingwood , 17 and wide awake . Natural beauty . deep , determine breath , then -- she throw the cover off -- jump to : quick shot -- - mari , slip into swim suit ... - throw on short , tank top ... - do a set of quick curl with small , handheld weight ... - grab swim cap and red-tint goggle , toss they in a duffel bag ... kersplash ! mari dive into a pool . we be ... ext . olympic size pool - early morning Magic hour . Sun just peek over the horizon ... nota soul in sight . just mari . she surface from the dive , go into a full bore butterfly , swim all out . this girl 's clearly intense and clearly have talent . cU - mari - in the pool - near the wall ... increase she speed ... almost there ... she near the wall , reach out of the pool , grab up a stopwatch . anxiously click it . peel off she goggle , eye the result . shake she head . disappointed . a beat . then -- emma ( 0.s. ) you 'il do it . mari startles slightly , spin around to see she mom , emma , 41 , confident , fit , earthy good look . mart I do not believe you . emma well , if it be somebody else 's record you be try to beat , you might have cause . mari one more try . emma nope . we be leave . mari right now ? but I have not even -- emma I already pack for you . mari but I still need to -- Emma cut she off revealing the Starbucks tray and two coffee she be hide behind she back . off Emma -- she can not help but crack a smile -- smash to : int . hospital - er trauma room - morning on dr . JOHN collingwood , 45 , exhaust from a double shift with the stubble to prove it ( but it also make he more handsome than he already be ) . he 's focus on a 50‘ish convulse male patient , hadley . nurse surround the table , assist . palpable tension . JOHN goddammit , where 's that o -neg ? a nurse race in with the blood . John grab it . hook up the transfusion . JOHN ( cont ’d ) have the or prep four more unit , tell they to stand by . the nurse leave . JOHN ( cont ’d ) you be gonna be okay , Mr. hadley . try to breathe normally . ( to nurse ) five milligram dopamine -- the nurse administer the shot . the patient calm . JOHN ( cont ’d ) there you go , Mr. hadley , you be do great . ( to nurse ) alright , let 's get we VIP guest Mr. hadley here up to the penthouse suite pronto . John look down at Mr. hadley who reach out , try to mouth a thank you -- John nod with a reassure smile as the nurse wheel hadley into the hall . on JOHN - stand there as the trauma room fall silent . he exhales in relief . scoops off he mask , run a hand through he hair . look up to see emma peek through the window in the door . she slowly push it open . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Emma , I can not -- emma sorry , you be off duty , Doctor collingwood . JOHN but I have not even -- emma I already pack for you -- ext . forest road - day the collingwood 's suv negotiate the wind curve ... int . suv - day - moving - continuous mari drive . Emma in the passenger seat , anxiously flipping through a newspaper , on cell phone : emma ( into cell as need ) no , I do not see it -- hang on -- I be in the wrong section -- Emma throw aside a mess of newspaper . mari smile , roll she eye -- Emma mouth '' I know '' as she bring up another section -- emma ( cont 'd ) here , find it -- mari ( quietly ) thank god -- Emma playfully squint at mari . as mari glance at Emma we notice a sidebar column on the front page of the paper Emma 's read : krug 's mugshot with the headline : inmate escape . two more suspect at large . emma ( be : ad in newspaper ) yeah , I see it now . you be right , the price be wrong . no problem , I will have ‘em correct it and tell they to forget charge we . bye . Emma flip the phone shut , stuff the newspaper in she bag next to a stash of magazine . Emma sigh . mari you on vacation now ? 10. emma I be on vacation now . we suddenly hear snoring 0.s. mari turn to see John , curl up in the back seat , still wear scrub ( fresh one ) and sleep like a baby . mari roll she eye at Emma . emma ( cont 'd ) I know . another snore . Emma nudge John -- mari dad -- JOHN ( act groggy ) whaa ... purple elephant ... emma Jesus ... JOHN be we there yet ? mari make the turn now . just as mari slow to make the turn down a narrower side road , she notice a old rickety sign post across from the narrower road 's entrance : the lake end in the road - 1 MI . mari ( cont 'd ) jeez , you have think somebody would change that sign . emma I like it . tell I the turn 's come up . mari Fine , but it make no sense . emma of course it do . you keep go straight , you eventually hit the water . mari the road end in the lake . a lake do not end in a road . 11 . JOHN ( still lie in back seat , arm over he face ) mari , stop stress , you be on vacation ... mari ... with the dread parent . exactly . stress be foregone . JOHN I have get some good drug for that . emma John -- JOHN it 's the last house on the leave , in case you forget . mari it 's the only house for mile , dad . JOHN I be be ironical for god 's sake . I be go back to sleep . emma good , maybe you can dream up some new material . there Pov - through the suv 's windshield - mari turn into a gravel driveway just ahead of a forest - border dead end . ext . collingwood house - driveway - day - continuous we follow the suv as it make its way up the long driveway until a two -story home come into view behind the tree . decent size . could use a fresh coat of paint , but otherwise ... mari the place look pretty good . the suv roll to a stop in the back of the house . mari and Emma hop out . take in the silence . mari look around , eye the guest house just off the driveway on the opposite side . mari ( cont ’d ) you guy fix up the guest house ? 12 . emma ( nodd ) about three month ago , when you be training ... I come up and do a few thing before uncle Dan get here ... mari oh , that 's right ... how long do he stay ? emma about a week . him and another couple ... John get out . JOHN ( be : guesthouse ) Water pressure still suck , though . mart I do not care , can I have it ? surprise beat . then -- emma ( try not to show disappointment ) you want to sleep in the guesthouse ? JOHN of course she do , it 's the perfect getaway from the getaway with the " dread parent . '' mari hey , I be look out for all involved party . emma -- it 's all yours . mari thanks , you guy . JOHN thank you mom , she do the work . emma thanks . 13. mart okay , enough with the '' thanks '' already . emma ( back to mari ) happy early birthday . mart -- thanks . int . guest house - bedroom - short time later mari enter , lug a suitcase and she duffel bag . she roll the suitcase aside , drop the duffel to the floor with a thud . she fall back to the bed . eye the ceiling fan . deep breath . try to let herself relax ... to be still fora -- nope , not gonna happen . she jump up , head to the suitcase , start unpack ... jump CUT : - mari hang a couple of dress in the closet ... - take out a jewelry box , pick out a few select piece , put they on the bedside table ... a couple of bracelet , watch , and a gold - chain necklace . a small medallion -- resembling a miniature gold medal -- hang from it . mari read the inscription on the back : never stop go for gold . - BEN ( you big brother , remember ? ) mari rub a finger tip across it ... then set it on the table ... int . collingwood house - day John and Emma carry they luggage through the kitchen , into the live room through to the foyer and up the stair , give we a sense of the home 's layout . at the top of the stair on the second floor landing John hang a right , head down the hall -- emma hey you -- John turn back , see Emma still stand at the stair -- emma ( cont 'd ) how ' bout you try bunk with I for a change ? 14 . JOHN em , you know I do not sleep , I just ... toss and turn . emma wait , wait , you misunderstand . you can sleep anywhere you want . John smile , head back she way . Emma stop he with a gentle but firm hand on the arm . emma ( cont ’d ) I be glad we be here . JOHN ( mostly sincere ) I , too. ( try to reassure ) we all get there ... emma ( gently ) we be get there . one day at a time . JOHN yeah . Emma smile , then lean in for a kiss . John return the gesture . then he drop he bag and pull she in for a tight , playful squeeze -- Emma giggle , pretend to choke as John lift she off the floor ... then wince in pain -- JOHN ( cont 'd ) ooh -- back -- Emma smack he on the shoulder , think he 's make a statement about she weight , but -- JOHN ( cont ’d ) em , I be not kid -- ext . collingwood house - day - short time later mari head down a narrow path through the wood . it lead to they boat house and private dock on the sparkling lake beyond . ext . lake - boat house / dock - day - continuous mari head on to the dock , poke she head in the boat house . 15 . a small ski boat cover with a dusty tarp dock inside , quietly bob on the water in this enclose , float garage - like room . mari step back out , head to the end of the dock , take in the gorgeous scenery , the massive lake ... surround by dense forest , the entirety of its surface curving out of view through the woodland . a few very distant house dot its circumference with large patch of wilderness between they . a ski boat and skier suddenly race past pay little heed to that '' no wake '' buoy anchore about a hundred yard out . mari eye the buoy . she can not resist . smash to : ext . lake - day - second later mari butterfly full on for the buoy . reaches out , slam she hand down on it . turn she wrist over , eye she watch , click the '' stop '' button . this time , mari smile . int . guest house - bathroom shower — day mari attempt to cleanse she naked young body with the crappy water pressure . but she do not seem to mind . jump CUT : mari turn the water off , yank the shower curtain aside . one end of the shower rod suddenly pop loose and fall . mari shit -- mari fumble to put it back into place -- but the fitting on the tile wall be come loose , little bit of plaster fall into the tub . mari finally succeed in get the rod back in place -- but barely ... she step out of the tub , and very , very gently pull the curtain close -- int . guest house - bedroom - day - moment later mari slip into bra and underwear . bermuda short , a fresh lime green tank top . pull hair back , a little make -up . 16 . eye the jewelry on the bedside table , opt for the necklace she brother give she ... int . collingwood house - kitchen - short time later mari enter to find Emma put supplies and grocery away . we note a small household FIRE extinguisher among the item on the counter . we pan to reveal John try to pull the microwave from its dock above the stove . mart this do not look like relaxation to I . JOHN i’1l be relaxed once I get this friggin piece of pre-historic junk out of my sight . mari ( a playful dig ) be it plugge in ? John choose not to hear that . grab a screwdriver , intent on do surgery on the microwave 's innard . emma he do not hear you . JOHN I be ignore she . mari do you need the car ? I be gonna head into town and see paige . emma oh yeah ? you talk to she ? mari she finally texted I back . I guess she work at she dad 's ice cream store . emma huh . well , good . oh hey , you mind pick up a few thing while you be at it ? I forget some breakfast stuff . mari sure. 17 . emma here 's the list -- mart by the way , I be pretty sure I just break my hundred meter record out in the lake . emma oh , that 's great , sweetie . do you hear that , John ? he 's still focus on the microwave -- peer in at the circuitry . he flip a switch inside the case somewhere . the microwave suddenly hum to life - with the door still open . emma ( cont ’d ) John -- it 's not suppose to -- John slam the microwave door . eye they innocently . JOHN fix . emma ( be : microwave ) goodwill . mari key please . JOHN ( take out he wallet ) I assume you need cash ? mari you assume correctly . John hand she a couple of twenty . mari ( cont ’d ) what about my tip ? JOHN I think you have the order mix up -- Emma grab John 's wallet , take out the rest of he cash , hand it to mari . emma have fun . 18 . mari smile , peck John on the cheek , head out . ext . town square - day a statue sit in the middle of the square , surround by the modest church , a rundown mini-mart , a old firehouse ... a smatter of local citizen mill about in the little shop as mari drive the suv up to the curb just outside the mini-mart . she hop out , click on the car alarm , step to the curb . approach the window of a clothing shop , eyeing the summer dress ... mari ( to herself ) that be so cute ... paige ( 0.s. ) mari collingwood ! mari spin around to see paige , 17 , a stun beauty , even when wear the require uniform of the ice cream shop she 's lean out of : neon pink apron , black slack , polo shirt . mari hey ! oh my god -- mari cross the street , hug paige . mari ( cont 'd ) how be you ? it 's be awhile , huh ? paige I know , right ? like two year ? mari Close to that , yeah . and you look fantastic -- paige like the hair ? mari oh , yeah , I really -- paige tell I inside , c’mon -- mari you sure it 's a good time ? I do not want to keep you -- 19 . paige turn around to the very empty ice cream shop . paige oh . well , yeah you be right , I do have to draw up a report on the quarterly '' crazy cone '' sale and get it to New York in time for the annual stock holder meeting . mari I can totally come back later -- paige mari ? mari yes ? paige get in the damn store . int . ice cream shop - day - short time later mari and paige sit at the table by the window . mari take a final lick of she mint- chocolate chip that sit atop a squiggly - shape waffle cone a.k.a. the crazy cone . mari consider it . mari wow . this cone 's ... paige ..- pretty crazy , right ? it better be . so far , I have calculate I have spend 184 and a half day of my life make that thing . so you ’‘re here for the ... mari Whole summer . paige how be you folk do ? mari as good as they can be , I guess . how 's you dad ? paige God , he just have eye surgery , everything 's detach , so he 's get the bandage , the black patch ... he 's a mess , but you gotta love he . 20 . mari smile . a beat . then -- paige ( cont 'd ) ( delicately ) listen , mari , I be so -- I could not believe it when I hear about you brother -- mart yeah , I neither . paige I be so sorry for not get in touch . I be so bad about that stuff , I just -- mari paige , do not even worry about it . we nre deal , you know ? that 's why we decide -- well , actually it 's my mom who decide to come back up here this summer ... to try to get back to ... I do not know , some kind of normalcy . you ask I , this be exactly the place not to come , no offense . paige hey , I do not have a special place in my heart for this hole . I be outta here , first chance I get . mari I be just a advocate for move on to new thing ... make new memory ... do that make sense ? paige it do if you can do it . so you should come over tonight . my dad 's at my aunt 's till tomorrow . ( with a mischievous smirk ) get the whole place to mine own self , oh yeahhh ... mari 's cell phone ring . mari ( into phone ) hey , mom . -- yeah , I be with paige . yeah -- yeah , she look great , we be catch up -- say that again -- you be break up . -- there you be -- 21 . over the above , paige 's attention drift ... she 's now curiously eyeing something outside , over mari 's shoulder : paige 's Pov - a lanky kid - walk on the sidewalk , wear a grey sweatshirt , hood over he head ... mari ( cont ’d ) so , Mom , I be gonna hang out with paige for awhile , probably go to she house , so it could be kinda late . ( then ; for paige 's benefit ) yes , mom , if the storm 's too intense I 'il just spend the night . yeah , and I will pick up the stuff in the morning on the way home -- okay , I will . -- Love you , too . ( hang up ; to paige ) what be you look at ? paige there be this semi-mysterious pretty good look unabomber wannabe dude walk on the sidewalk over there . mari turn -- see the guy meander along -- mari do you know he ? paige ( shaking a '' no '' ; faux western accent ) he be not from this here part . mari neither be I . paige true , but you also do not cover the same fifty - foot stretch of concrete twelve time in five minute . we be definitely be surveille or -- be that the right word , '' surveille ? '' mari ( still peer out window ) it 's '' survey , '' I think -- 22 . mari turn back -- paige be go . now stand outside the ice cream shop 's door , wave a crazy cone , yell over at the unabomber dude . paige Excuse I , sir ? the guy look over . paige ( cont ’d ) yes , you , sir . would you like to try a crazy cone ? mari watch the guy . he pause . paige ( cont ’d ) on the house . you do not like it , I will give you you money back . the guy break a smile . mari eye he closely as he cross the street . time CUT to : int . ice cream shop - day - short time later we unabomber guy have now join paige and mari at the table . call he justin . his hood pull back now ... 15 , messy hair , spotty teenage stubble ... he jam the rest of the crazy cone in he mouth . paige so Justin ? ( off he nod ) where do you hail from ? justin ( still chew ) okwahoma -- paige you be a long way from home , cowboy . ( amused , to mari ) I always want to say that -- ( back to Justin ) you just move here or something ? justin we be just pass through . paige and who 's we ? 23 . justin my dad , he girlfriend , and he brother . paige what 's up with that ? you parent divorced or something ? Justin shake he head , stare at the ground . justin they be never marry . I be with my mom ... paige glance at mari , amused at the boy 's shyness . paige so they get turn with you ? I do that with my parent for awhile . it suck monkey nut . what do you mom -- Justin look up , meeting paige 's eye for the first time . justin she die . paige and mari be immediately give pause by this , look guilty . awkward beat . then : paige alright , this be gonna sound tacky and awful , but ... I have have enough death for one day ... ( to mari ) no offense . mari none take , believe I . ( then , to Justin ) we be very sorry . justin that 's cool . paige so let 's start over . I be paige and this be mari with a '' i '' not the more traditional “y . '' mari hi ... justin hi mari with a '' i . '' 24 . paige so where be you stay on you pass through town , Justin ? Justin gesture up the road . justin the uh ... the meadow something -- paige meadowlark . justin yeah , that 's it . paige do bridgette cut you a deal ? justin I do not know -- paige well , I 'o 11 call she and kick she ass till she do . justin okay ... thanks ... paige so have you smoke any good shit lately , Justin ? mari paige , Jesus ... paige what ? I be sorry , do that offend you , Justin ? justin no , not at all . mari but why would you ask he that -- paige well , mari , I know it 's not PC this day , but in all candor , he just fit the profile . mari can not believe it , put she hand to she forehead . Justin , on the other hand , break a amused smile and a little chuckle . 25 . paige ( cont ’d ) now he 's laugh . even better . why be you laugh , Justin ? justin because you be ... you say what you nre think ... you just ... let it fly ... paige damn right I do , and look what that gung - ho shit 's get I . five eighty - five a hour , three black polo and a pink apron . two more month I get bump up to green . now mari 's laugh . justin ( nearly inaudible ) well , that 's not all it could get you . paige say again , sweetie ? justin that 's not all it could get you . paige yeah ? what else could it get I ? justin what you be look for . I get some back at we room . paige and mari exchange glance . mari 's clearly get less and less interested . paige be very interested . paige that a fact . what about the rest of you posse ? would they approve ? justin probably not , but they be out for awhile . it 's my dad 's . he 's get a lot -- paige well , we do not really need a lot . justin then he really will not miss it -- 26 . paige smile . she 's in to this kid . turn to mari . paige ( get up ) then I guess it 's close time . saddle up , mari , you be drive . mari ( uneasy ) listen , paige ... this ... this be not what I do anymore ... paige then just give we a quick lift there . it 's two minute . Justin and I ’1ll race in , get the stuff and get out . you can keep the car run . off mari -- not like this a bit -- but relenting ... ext . meadowlark motor lodge - day - short time later mari 's suv be the only car park in the circular drive of this run-down lodge . paige and Justin hop out amidst stronger gust of wind and a distant roll of thunder . paige ( to mari through window ) two minute . mari one would be better ! paige smile as she grab Justin 's hand and lead he toward the room . paige which one ? justin 14 . over here . with mari - her Pov - paige and Justin disappear inside the room , partially close the door behind they ... mari watch intently . then nervously shuffles through radio station . all static . check she cell phone . no signal . another beat . no movement from the room . mari shake she head . eye fall on the grocery list . pick it up , study it : milk , Orange juice , egg ... 27 . mari look back toward the room . still nothing . she exhales , more frustrated . turn to get out of the suv just as -- a hand suddenly rap on the window ! whack whack whack ! scare the shit out of we . but it 's just the old lady maid . maid sorry ! so sorry , mar ‘am . mari that 's okay -- that 's -- a shake mari realize she 's still in the car talk through the window . the may can not hear she . mari open the door , step out into the windstorm . the maid hold up a room key . maid I find . this belong you ? mari no , no . sorry . maid be okay . sorry I scare . mari you be fine . the may smile , pocket the key , push she cart away across the lot , disappear behind the motel office . mari turn back , head down the walkway . as she approach , we note the local newspaper lie outside the door : krug ‘s mug shot be plaster on the front page with the headline : '' fugitive on the loose . '' we tilt up as mari knock on the door and push she way into ... int . motel room - day - continuous ...- where we reveal Justin and paige sit on the bed , smoking a j.- mari what the hell you two ? they look over . not too bother at the intrusion . paige mari , Justin be not bullshit . this be some premium shit . 28 . mart I be happy for you . I be leave . paige no , mari -- mari turn back . mart paige , I tell you . I be not in to this anymore . it 's fine , you two hang out , I ’1ll catch up with you later . I be here three month -- paige no , screw that , we be go . we be go -- where 's my purse -- mari how could you have lose you purse already -- as mari help paige root for she purse , Justin look up to see krug , sadie , and francis step into the doorway , carry bag of grocery . Justin 's eye go wide -- justin ( to himself ) shit -- mari ( find the purse ) here . paige ( to mari , still not see krug et al ) you ' 1ll give I a ride home still , right ? krug ( 0.s. ) sure she can . it 's no problem . mari and paige whirl around . krug , francis , and sadie be still stand in the doorway , they eye scan the face of the people they do not expect to be here . Justin ... paige ... mari ... 29 . note : krug have the newspaper from outside tuck under he arm . francis what the hell be this ? ( to Justin ; be : mari and paige ) what the fuck do you do ? over this , a strong gust of wind blow through the room . krug Francis ? francis what ? krug there 's a draft . Francis slam the door shut . krug turn back , glare dagger at Justin . krug ( cont 'd ) clearly you get you brain from you mother -- justin dad , I just bring they back here for some weed . you be not suppose to be here -- krug ( deadpan ) surprise . mari we be sorry . we be just leave . krug whatever for ? stay , please . who be this lovely lady , Justin ? justin paige . paige and -- and -- krug he forget you name , sweetheart . mari mari . krug mari . I be krug , this be Francis , but call he Frank ... and my girlfriend , sadie . sadie that 's a nice ride you get out there . your ? mari nod . sadie ( cont ’d ) Nice . how have you afford it ? mart I do not -- I do not buy it . francis so it 's mommy and daddy 's ? mari eye they a beat . clearly sense the trouble brewing . mari yes . sadie eye mari in amused disgust . sadie I like that necklace , too . you parent just give you everything you little heart desire I bet , do not they ? krug sadie , manners . do not rush to judge . it 's rude . ( back to mari ; be : sadie ) she 's be stress a little this morning . sadie I think we have good reason -- francis we sure as hell do . krug ( see mari and paige 's question look ) I be sorry mari and paige . ( more ) 30 . 31 . krug ( cont 'd ) what they be refer to be the fact my son here have unknowingly or unwittingly or just very stupidly back we all into somewhat of a ... corner ... here . paige we only smoke half of one -- we can pay you . mari we have money . krug I do not doubt that , mari , but it 's not quite that simple ... krug nonchalantly hold up the newspaper , point to he photo : krug ( cont 'd ) good look guy , do not you think ? paige and mari 's eye widen . Justin look at he father in disbelief . justin what -- what be that ? what do you do now ? krug well , oh son of mine , you old man get himself in a few more spot of trouble in he absence . paige Jesus Christ ... krug +.- we Lord and savior be not gonna help I this time , paige , so I have to resort to other mean of redemption which sadie and Francis here be kind enough to facilitate . mari listen , Mr. krug -- krug , Francis and sadie chuckle at that -- krug krug 's my first name , sweetheart . but I still appreciate you be polite . it will getcha place . 32 . mart this be clearly none of we business . we will not -- krug wo not what ? mari this be not we business -- krug so you be say it 's a private matter . mart absolutely . krug so even though my mug 's now plaster all over the front page of every newspaper on every street corner of this shithole little berg , what you be really say be ... mari 's freeze -- krug press : krug ( cont 'd ) be ? mari I be say ... we will not tell anyone . krug ah , you will not rat we out . I do not know , Frank , you believe she ? francis yeah , I think maybe I do . sadie I do not . paige well , you should . we do not care . we do not give a shit , really -- krug calm down , paige . paige but I swear we will not -- 33 . krug paige , shush . sadie what do you wanna do , krug ? a beat . krug stare at mari in intense , unreadable silence for a moment . mari swallow nervously as paige look ill and Justin look worried . krug I want mari to give I she key . sadie cool , that 's 1ll solve we car issue . krug ( explain to mari ) we blow a head gasket on the way back . mari instantly reach in she pocket , hand they over . mari it 's yours . krug I accept . paige so we can leave now ? you can just take the car and we be not gonna say anything -- krug sorry , paige . we can not take that chance . paige what -- mari paige , just stay calm . but paige be way beyond it now . tremble . eye darting to -- the bathroom . beckone . be there light come from a window inside ? a tense beat -- and then -- paige bolt ! francis goddammit ! 34 . Francis be close . he barrel after paige who slam and lock the bathroom door in he face . int . bathroom - day - continuous paige head for the small window next to the shower . hand shaking as she try to lift it . but this thing have not be open in year . paige help ! help US somebody ! ! she fumble for she cell phone as -- outside the bathroom - francis tries to bust down the door . no go . he turn to krug who toss he sadie 's silence pistol . Francis fire it into the lock -- with paige cell phone press to she ear , use she other hand to force the dry-rotted window open a couple of inch , still scream as francis suddenly slam through the door -- paige ( cont ’d ) no! no !! Francis grab a fistful of paige 's hair , yank she back and slam she forehead into the edge of the sink . she drop to the floor . out cold . Francis stand there , tremble from the adrenaline rush . on krug - turn to sadie who 's still peek out the window . krug anything ? sadie not that I can see . krug turn back , lock eye with the silent mari who 's try she best to keep calm , the tear in check . krug thanks for be cool about this , mari. 35 . krug shift he gaze back to Francis as he step out from the bathroom . krug ( cont 'd ) what 's go on in there ? francis knocked she silly , but she 's come around . krug toss the car key to Francis . krug back mari 's suv up to the door , close as you can . sadie ( be : mari & paige ) should not we ask they if somebody will be look for they ? krug like worried mommy and daddy , ex-boyfriend ... sadie yeah , like that . krug ( shaking a '' no '' ) I think that 's a give , sade . the only thing it change be we average speed the hell out of here . Francis head out the door . sadie start throw they stuff into grocery bag as krug turn back to mari who 's now glaring at Justin . Justin feel she stare but refuse to make eye contact . krug observe this : krug ( cont 'd ) no , you look at she Justin . no movement . krug get up , grab Justin 's chin -- hard -- get in he son 's face : krug ( cont 'd ) you know , there 's a lot of different kind of day that come out of nowhere that force you to grow up . you might think it 's the day you mom meet she maker , but let I assure you , my son , that pale in comparison to this day . ( more ) 36 . krug ( cont ’d ) I 'il let that pre-pubescent brain of yours try to figure out why . but in the meantime , I will give you a clue . look at her . krug viciously yank Justin 's head toward mari. krug ( cont ’d ) look at -- justin okay , okay -- Justin eye mari . a tear stream down he face as he eye shift back to he father . justin ( cont ’d ) just let they -- krug ahhp -- what do I say ? off this , krug nearly squeezing the life out of Justin through he jaw bone -- as we hear another distant roll of thunder ... CUT to : ext . forest road - moment later the suv drive down a wind forest road . int . suv - moving - continuous krug drive with Justin in the passenger seat . in the back , mari and a still groggy paige -- a gash on she forehead -- sit crunch between sadie and Francis , random possession pile messily behind they . silence . krug look over at Justin . krug put you seat - belt on . Justin obey . krug 's Pov - see in the rearview mirror , another suv , pass they . mari yearningly watch it go by out the side- window . a mother and father ( 30 ) be in the front . as the suv start to get ahead of they , a cute little girl look out the back window . 37 . mari and the Little girl lock eye . the girl smile . mari instinctively manage a weak smile in return . the other suv speed away , take mari 's view of the Little girl with it . she stare after it wistfully , she smile fade . her gaze shift back to the car and she notice the backseat 's cigarette lighter by the cup-holder in front of she . stare at it . ext / int . forest road / suv - moment later the suv approach a fork in the road ... krug Left , right ? francis right. krug ( irritate ) right meaning '' correct '' or right meaning '' go right ? '' francis no , the way to the park entrance be leave . right take you to the lake . krug you nre sure ? francis pretty much . krug glare , not satisfied . sadie I coulda swore it be right , krug . on mari - she 's be take this all in -- she mind racing -- she finally opt to speak up -- mari ( to krug ) no , leave be correct . ( off they glare ) I have be come here for year . the way to the national park ... the National Forest Park ? -- if that 's what you mean -- 38 . over the above , mari inch her foot up and press the cigarette lighter in . krug it be what I mean . mari then you need to go leave . krug study mari 's face in the rearview . she look sincere enough -- if not , it 's a damn good bluff . a beat . then -- krug turn leave . cu - mari - she face betray the slight hint of '' holy shit , he buy it . '' her eye flick back to that cigarette lighter as a impenetrable wall of tree stream by on either side of the vehicle . she swallow anxiously and look out the window , see something o.s. that we don ’t see . mari ( cont 'd ) ( mouth to herself ) shit -- ( mouth to the cigarette lighter ) come -- on -- plink . the cigarette lighter pop out -- ready -- mari instantly snatch it before sadie can react and jam the burn hot end into she face ! sadie scream in pain and recoil against the seat as mari fumble to climb over she , open the door -- francis ( panic ) fuck ! Francis hurl himself across paige and sadie to grab mari as she frantically reach for the back door handle -- krug what the fu -- smack ! paige kick krug in the face -- 39 . ext . forest road - day - continuous the suv swerve as mari and paige scream -- mari 's now try to push the back door OPEN ! int . suv - day - continuous - moving justin dad , look out ! krug look ahead , see they have cross the center line , head for a sharp turn -- krug shit !! krug slam on the brake , yank the wheel hard leave , but over correct -- ext . forest road - continuous the suv screech across the pavement and tumble off the road into the wood -- inside the suv - blood-curdling scream as it roll end over end , down the incline -- mari fall back inside the suv as -- wham ! it smashes into a tree , miraculously upright . silence . no movement . a long beat as steam hiss from the bust engine . quiet . border on peaceful even -- until finally -- one of the back door open and paige fall out onto the ground . she look up , blink and daze , but unhurt . she rise unsteadily to she foot - bam ! krug knock her down - she look up in fear as he tower over she angrily -- in the suv 's passenger seat - a foggy - look Justin rub he head , he deflate airbag deploy . a back - door open and Francis groggily emerge , moan . his nose have be break and it 's a bloody mess . krug see it , cringe -- 40 . krug you all right ? Francis groan and raise a hand to he nose . he bend to examine he reflection in the suv 's side - mirror . anger bubbles across he face as he eye he ruin visage . francis motherf -- he turn to see mari stumble from the rear leave passenger door of the suv , daze and unsteady . francis ( cont ’d ) you little bitch ... Francis stride to mari and slap she across the face , knock she to the ground next to paige . bam ! he kick mari in the stomach and she cry out , the wind knock out of she , coughing . paige ( horrify ) no ! sadie emerge from the suv , a hand hold to the small , red burn -mark on she face . krug you okay ? sadie do I look o-fuck - kay ?! sadie 's about to pounce on mari , but pause as she see she possession scattered across the ground . sadie ( cont 'd ) ( anger ) oh , no no no ! she hurry forward to grab some clothing from the dirt ... sadie ( cont ’d ) look at all my shit ! this be everything I own . sadie uncover the silence pistol in the debris . pick it up , charge for mari -- 41 . sadie ( cont 'd ) you think you can just fuck everything up for we and get away with it ? sadie wrench mari 's head back by the hair , press the pistol to she head . sadie ( cont ’d ) do you ?! sadie get right in close to the terrify girl . sadie ( cont 'd ) this be what you get . sadie suddenly smile , then let go of mari and turn to Francis . sadie ( cont 'd ) she 's all yours . Francis nod hungrily . francis I be afraid you be gonna make I flip for it . Francis approach mari , lean down to grab she up when -- bam ! paige snatch up a nearby heavy , rotted branch and hit Francis in he bust nose -- Francis scream in agony as paige leap to she foot and take off like a shot into the forest -- Francis charge after paige like a mad bull . sadie turn to krug who just stare at she , clearly irritate at they incompetence -- krug bring -- she -- back -- here . sadie frantically hurry to follow Francis and the flee paige . on krug - he watch they go . royally piss . look down at mari , stare straight through she . in the forest - paige dash as fast as she can . howling like a wild animal , Francis be fifty foot behind - francis you're dead , bitch ! dead !! 42 . paige glance over she shoulder in terror , see Francis gain on she and sadie not far behind he -- she whimper in fear and push herself even harder -- paige disappear from he vision as the terrain dip and she head down a hill . she stumble down the steep incline , leaping over log , obstacle ... suddenly trip on a rock , cry out as she sprain she ankle , falling forward , now tumbling and rolling down the hill toward a slight cliff paige shriek as she fall off the edge and drop five foot to flat ground . quickly recover , she scurries back into a shallow hollow in the side of the cliff , hide herself from view . cu - paige - breathe hard , try to stay calm as -- paige 's Pov - bam ! - francis land on the ground five foot in front of she , charge forward to run off through the wood , clueless that he just pass she - thud ! paige flinch as sadie do the same , follow Francis in they blind pursuit of no one -- paige watch with wide , panicked eye as she pursuer disappear from view . she quickly emerge from she hide place , gritting she tooth as she hobble as fast as she can on she sprain ankle as -- further into the wood - francis and sadie - slowed to a jog now , look around as they see no sign of paige . francis ( cont ’d ) shit ! you go that way ! sadie head in a different direction . with paige - hobbling through the forest , she see a road just up ahead through the tree , a couple of car pass ... bam ! sadie suddenly tackle she from behind , take she down . paige scream , struggle as sadie hold she down -- paige ( scream ) help ! help I ! 43 . sadie ( out of breath ) take it easy ! take it easy ! I can help you . I can get you out of this . paige 's hand grope at she side , frantically search for a weapon . it close on a large rock . paige fuck you ! smack ! paige slam the rock against the side of sadie 's head , knock she away . paige quickly stumble to she foot , whirl around only to come face to face with Francis -- francis back atcha , paige . he cold cock she , knocking she senseless . paige hit the ground . Francis grab the gun out of sadie 's waist band , aim at paige -- sadie no -- francis no ?! sadie krug want we to bring she back . time CUT to : ext . forest - crash site - day - short time later paige , she wrist tie with piece of she now shred shirt , be throw to the ground next to mari . krug be still glaring , just as we leave he , intense uncertainty raging in he eye . sadie and Francis stare at he expectantly . Justin stand in the b.g. too terrify to move as paige and mari sit on the ground at they foot , passive in they traumatize state . francis what now ? 44 , krug do not respond . krug 's Pov - he look from Francis to sadie to the girl and he wander gaze come to rest on Justin , who 's stare at the ground . sense this , Justin look up at krug , look uneasy at be the focus of he father 's attention . krug ( to Justin ) you wanna finally be a man ? unnerve at this question , Justin glance at Francis and sadie , find no help . krug gesture to mari. krug ( cont 'd ) there 's you chance . she 's all yours . Justin and mari freeze , they eye widen in panic . Justin look down at mari in fear . she look back , equally afraid . krug ( cont 'd ) what be you , gay ? krug quickly walk forward and grab Justin by the arm , shaking the terrify kid -- paige ( 0.s. ) you ’‘re pathetic . krug turn to look down at paige in surprise . she stare back at he with cold eye , she tear go now , a strange confidence on she face . she do not care anymore . krug what do you say to I ? mari paige -- but paige be not listen . she rise unsteadily to confront krug , unafraid . paige I say you be pathetic . krug step forward , get in she face , stare at she in silence as paige smile , she anger building . paige ( cont ’d ) what ? you gonna hit I ? go ahead . hit I , you piece of shit . 45 . krug glare another tense beat . then ... a smile creep across he face . he chuckle . krug why do everybody eventually come around to call I that ? ( back to paige ) no , honey . I be not gonna hit you . I be not quite that predictable . paige suddenly gasp , flinching -- Justin , mari , sadie , and Francis all flinch as well , they eye wide . paige blink in stunne surprise , instantly daze . paige 's Pov - she slowly look down from krug 's face : he 's drive a switchblade deep into she stomach , only its handle visible in he hand as blood leak out around it . paige look back up at krug in dumb silence , the pure shock on she face slowly give way to pain as she eye moisten , she mouth gape open in a soundless scream . krug wrench the switchblade out and paige grunt in pain . still in shock , she stumble backward unsteadily , she hand clutch to she bloody wound . she collide with sadie for support . sadie shove paige back down next to mari -- mari paige -- paige -- breathe -- try to breathe -- krug look over at Justin and see that he 's crying softly , tear run down he face . rage suddenly flood krug 's face as he watch he son 's weakness . krug turn back to mari and paige . paige be cough , spitting up blood now , she life slip away ... krug ( to mari ) what be wrong with you , mari ? can n xot you see that paige be very worried -- and rightfully so -- that today be the last day of she life ? so comfort she . mari still keep hold paige but do not respond to krug. 46 . krug ( cont ’d ) mari , tell paige that everything be gonna be all right . paige no -- mari -- do not -- krug say it . mari eye paige and the defiance that still remain in she die eye . paige -- do not -- do not say it , mari -- mari force the tear back -- mari okay . okay -- krug say it ! mari turn and glare up at krug -- mari no . she look back down to paige who manage the slight hint of a thankful smile . then -- she breathe fade and she become perfectly limp and motionless in mari 's arm , she slump face hide beneath she hair . mari look back up to see a enraged krug suddenly tower over she , he eye wide with craze FURY as he throw paige aside and grab mari -- mari ( cont 'd ) no -- you -- please no -- with a tidal wave of utter contempt and sadistic rage , krug suddenly shove mari to the ground and start viciously tearing at her clothes . krug ( hard in mari 's face ; as he rip at she clothes ) you think -- you can keep fuck I whenever you please -- 47 . mart no ! I do not -- I do not -- krug continue to tear at she clothes , shredd she tank top , rip she bra off -- krug you do not ? you do not think that ? mari no -- no -- please -- krug mari do not think that , you two . on sadie you ’‘d think she might protest , but instead , she seem oddly captivate , border on turn on by what krug be do to mari . sadie then she 's a liar . look around . look what she do . she do think that . so you gotta make it clear . -- it go both way . krug you hear that , mari ? sadie say it go both way . mari scream as krug shove she head in the damp earth , muffle the sound . mari try to crawl away , but krug put he full weight on the small of she back as he start yanking at she short . mari 's hand claw at the earth as krug pull she short and underwear down . on mari she lift she head up , lock eye with a freeze Justin -- mari Justin -- please -- help I -- francis you stay right there , Justin . 48 . Justin back away , tear stream . he press up against a tree , then slink to the ground -- and turn away . cU - mari - her eye stream with tear as krug -- o.s . -- thrust at she from behind , savagely ... sadie watch . Wide -ey . psychotically mesmerize . Francis 's eye be more uncertain . yet he remain still . mart please ... no ... on mari - her eye suddenly grow cold , almost lifeless ... as if she 's give in , she body go limp in surrender ... until -- her gold chain fall into frame -- cling to she muddy cheek -- the gold medallion -- in soft focus -- slide its way forward from 0.8 . mari 's eye shift to it for a beat -- she hand start to grab at it -- krug see this . krug what , you want that ? well you can not have it . he rip it off she neck . mari no! no ... no ... krug yes . yes . yes . krug toss the necklace to Justin who let it land in the dirt beside he . sadie ( to Justin ; be : necklace ) hey , you do not want that , I ’11l take it . Justin stare at she . then grab the necklace , gently put it in he jeans pocket as -- cU - mari - she turn she head forward , peer ahead of she into the wood as the pain become overwhelming , force 49 . her outstretched arm and hand to claw at the earth in agony , cling to it ... she fingertip disappear a inch down where they suddenly come into contact with something solid . on mari - she eye react to the sensation , the slight tinge of hope and determination re-emerge if only for a instant as -- her mud -caked fingertip start scraping away ... faster and faster to expose -- only to we -- a good-size rock whose purpose have come . on krug - he finish -- catch he breath for a beat -- then pull himself off mari . he step aside , start pull he pants up as he lock eye with Justin . krug you could have stop I . I would have let you . mari suddenly get to she knee , convulse -- double over , cough . she look over , lock eye with Justin who look away . krug head over , kneel down to mari . krug ( cont 'd ) still think you can fuck I any time ? mari do not answer . blankly stare off toward the lake - - she spirit all but break : mari ( soft ; to herself ) I swim ... love to swim ... krug I be happy for you . mari ( practically mumble this ) I can do it ... can do it ... one more try mom ... krug and sadie trade a slightly weird - out look as mari 's fist clench that rock - tight . sadie what can you do for mommy , sweetie ? one more try at what ? mari turn , lock eye with sadie : 50 . mart ( be : krug next to she ) Fucking he . whack ! mari spin and slam the rock across krug 's temple . bull -eye . mari pull herself up and run full on for the lake . sadie goddammit ! ! sadie raise the gun and fire . the bullet splinter tree trunk as mari run past they . with krug he stagger to he foot , rip the gun from sadie 's hand and bolt after mari . on mari look back , see krug racing after she , sadie and Francis not far behind ... she summon whatever strength she have leave , increase her speed ... just 50 yard from the shoreline ... on krug - he fire again . miss . stop he pursuit . take a steadier aim and fire again . smash to : int . collingwood house - live room - continuous John look up from a magazine , hearing the distant pop of gunfire . he get up , slide the glass door open , step out onto the screen - in back porch cU - JOHN - listen intently . silence . intercut with : the forest -- cu - mari 's face - terror -stricken , but determine to make it to the water ... to salvation ... 51 . back to JOHN - step quietly outside , stare off into the wood ... almost as if sense he daughter 's plight as -- pop ! krug - run full on - fire again . with mari - she 's 20 foot from the water ... 10 ... 5 ... ... far enough ... wider - mari dive for her life . disappear under the water . krug reach the shore , halt he pursuit . wait for mari to surface . he take aim ... ready ... silence . +.- where the hell be she ... then -- mari surface , do the fastest , most full - on butterfly we have ever see , the water splash around she , make it difficult for krug to get a clear view of she body . he fire two shot . the bullet skip off the water next to mari . krug fuck ! he stop . watch she swim away . disbelief . sadie run up . sadie you nre not go after she ? krug glare . krug sadie , my face be all over the newspaper , not a fuck wheatie 's box . ( off sadie 's look ; be : mari swim away ) you think I can keep up with that shit ? fuck this . fuck she . almost as if give up , krug spin back toward the lake and mari , and fire at she again -- if there 's ever a shot that should miss , it 's this one , because krug only half - ass it . but -- 52 . pop ! on mari - in the shittiest timing in the history of cinema -- on the upstroke to get she breath -- the bullet find its mark . the back of mari 's right shoulder suddenly -- and very shockingly -- explode in a spray of blood . back on sadie - she see the spray of crimson in the splashes around mari . francis Holy shit . krug what ? sadie you get she . krug you be shittin’ I . a surprised krug turn back around , focus on mari . there Pov - far out in the lake - mari -- now flip on she back -- unmove -- float away on the current . back to scene - krug - keep he eye on mari . aerial Pov - looking down on mari - as she float away -- she wide open , unblink eye stare up at the gathering STORM cloud as a pool of dark red blood expands out around she in the water . back to krug , sadie and francis as the first drop of rain start to fall -- the first flash of lightning in the distant foothills ... krug tuck the gun in he waistband , turn , head back toward the forest and crash site as sadie follow ... time CUT to : 53 . ext . forest - crash site - moment later krug , Francis , and sadie make they way back up to the crash suv . Justin 's still sit against the tree stare at paige 's body . sadie so ... anybody know where the hell we be ? krug well ... krug look over , see hint of a freshly '' paved '' trail lead back up presumably toward the unseen road , its brush and small tree topple and flatten by the suv as it tumble to its final rest place . krug ( cont 'd ) look like we be just off the road a tad . sadie trust I , it 's more than a tad . francis should not we bury she ? krug along with the car ? sure , you go ahead and do that . I and sadie be gonna find we way the hell out of here . more lightning and thunder . the storm 's close in , the rain grow steadier as krug eye Justin . krug ( cont ’d ) Justin , let 's go . the boy still just stare at paige 's body in a daze as if nothing 's change , oblivious to the rain . krug ( cont ’d ) Justin , be you come or you just gonna sit there and process ? no response . krug charge over to Justin and grab he arm , roughly pull the limp boy to he foot and drag he through the rain . Francis and sadie follow ... 54 . ext . forest road - evening - short time later krug , Francis , Justin , sadie , walk on the shoulder . we pull back to reveal the '' lake end in the road '' sign come into frame as they approach . krug eye it . francis ( sarcastic ) oh , that 's helpful . krug ( eyeing the wording ) do that make any sense to you ? francis yeah , why ? sadie ( nodd 0.s. ) that a house through there ? krug turn , focus he gaze through the tree lining the narrow side road whose entrance they be stand across from . they see the shimmer of light on the front porch and in the upstairs window .. francis you nre right . krug well , I 's all be . the god continue to smile and light we way on this ... ( be : pour rain ) ..- lovely , lovely day . off this ... int . collingwood house - kitchen - evening on the hissing static of a small tv . it disappear as the tv 's click off . John , at the kitchen table , toss the remote aside , he half - eat dinner in front of he , eat alone . the sound of mute pounding rain be constant . John get up , head to the sink , peer out the window as Emma enter . JOHN man , I can not remember the last time we have one this bad . 55 . emma I 'il get some candle out just in case . ding dong . both John and Emma freeze for a moment and then look at each other in surprise . then -- bang , bang , bang on the door . it 's urgent . JOHN what the hell ? int . foyer - evening - moment later the front door be open to expose a soaking - wet krug stand outside , he hand on the shoulder of a daze Justin stand in front of he . Francis and sadie stand behind they in the downpour , Francis with a bloody piece of clothing hold to he nose . emma oh my god -- krug hello , hi ... um ... I think we just roll we car off the road -- CUT to black . darkness . a beat . then : JOHN ( 0.8 . ) this be gonna hurt . int . kitchen - evening - later cU - Francis 's bloody busted nose . finger suddenly appear and grab it , twist the cartilage back into place with a sicken SNAP as fresh blood ooze out . francis Jesus -- fuck ! wider - John sit next to Francis , press a towel to he newly reset nose . Emma 's in the b.g. make coffee . francis ( cont 'd ) shit -- shit. 56 . JOHN calm down . deep breath . worst part 's over . francis deep breath deep breath -- stand against the counter drape in towel , krug and sadie wince . krug I be just say to sadie here a little while ago that despite everything , we be still have a pretty lucky day ... first see you house , then you be a doctor ... John chuckle . JOHN that I be , but you still need to get to a hospital . all of you do . krug Doc , we do not really have the best health coverage right now . emma do not matter . insurance or not , they still have to treat you . krug oh . well in that case ... do you think you could give we a lift ? JOHN of course . only one problem -- emma we daughter have the car . she 's spend the night at a friend 's . Emma hand krug a steaming cup of coffee -- krug thank you , Mrs. collingwood . emma Emma . she hand another mug to sadie . sadie thank you , Emma . 57 . sadie look around at the kitchen in awe . sadie ( cont 'd ) this be a really beautiful kitchen . everything 's so white and squeaky clean . Emma 's a little weird out by sadie 's childlike leer . emma ( awkwardly ) oh. thanks . ( to Justin ) Justin , do you want some hot chocolate ? Justin sit across the room in a chair by the corner , stare ahead blankly with a towel wrap around he . krug ( smile ) if he do not , it will be a first . ( to Justin ) what do you say , Justin ? Justin slowly look up at krug . keeping he voice pleasant , krug make firm '' answer I '' eye at he . Justin robotically look to Emma . justin ( quietly ) yes , please . Francis flinch a little as John root through he medical bag on the table , dig out some stitches and needle , start sewing the gash on he nose . JOHN try not to move . Emma stir some cocoa powder into a bright red mug . emma ( to krug ) what be you do out in the storm anyway ? krug we be just you typical clueless city slicker . we come out here for a day at the lake . we know it might rain , but we do not know it would be a damn hurricane . 58 . JOHN neither do the airhead weather babe . ( off Emma 's glare ) okay , she be not a airhead . krug chuckle at John 's joke . then : krug anyway , two wrong turn and one slippery ass road later , we car 's wrap around a tree . sadie that 's put it mildly . Emma finish stir the hot chocolate . emma yeesh . I be so sorry . she walk to Justin and offer it to he , smile warmly . Justin slowly look up Emma in silent misery . after a moment , he reach out and take the mug from she . justin ( quietly ) thank you . unnerve at he gaze , Emma nod . emma sure . you be okay , Justin . I can not imagine what you just go through , but you be okay . okay ? she smile , walk back to the counter as Francis flinch again . francis owfuck . JOHN almost there . see Emma 's concern for Justin , krug quickly gesture to a '' happy birthday '' banner hang on the wall in the dining room . krug so who 's birthday be it ? your , Emma ? let I guess ... krug narrow he eye at Emma , mock-think . he point at she decisively . 59 . krug ( cont ’d ) twenty -eight . Emma laugh as John smile . JOHN I do not think flattery will get you too far . emma how would you know ? John snort , half in amusement , half in irritation . emma ( cont 'd ) ( to krug ) we daughter turn eighteen tomorrow . krug oh , that 's a fun age . she 's legal , dad . JOHN do not remind I . John finish stitching Francis 's nose . JOHN ( cont 'd ) done . just let I clean it off . John sloshes some disinfectant on a small fold cloth . JOHN ( cont 'd ) this 'o 1l sting . John touch the cloth to Francis 's nose and he grit he tooth in pain . krug mind if I use you land line ? JOHN sure , it 's right there . krug ) ( head to phone ) we can not get through on we crappy cell -- emma the service be so bad up here ... 60 . krug ( head to the phone ) I will see if I can not just get we a tow truck ... or a cab to take we in to town ... sadie you sure that 's a good idea , krug ? krug pause . glare at sadie , piss at she question he -- sadie ( cont 'd ) ( cover ) I mean , do they even have taxi here ? emma they might have one or two . JOHN ( be : storm ) good luck get anyone out here . krug grab the phone off the wall just as outside - a very close , very loud bolt of lightning rip through the branch of a tree . spark fly as the branch fall into the phone and power line , sever they connection to the house . back in the kitchen - the light go out . krug ( be : dead phone ) I think that luck might be wane ... krug hang up the dead phone . emma do not worry , we be prepare . Emma fish around , dig out the match and candle , start lighting as John secure a butterfly bandage to Francis 's nose . JOHN look like we be prisoner in we own home . krug well , I can think of worse place ... 61 . John slap Francis on the shoulder . JOHN ( to Francis ) you be fix for now , my friend . Francis rise . francis thanks , I think . Emma hand Francis a mug of coffee and he eye the attractive woman with interest . francis ( cont ’d ) and thank you . Emma notice Francis 's hungry eye -- JOHN ( to Emma ; be : mari ) em , will you see if we cell , by some miracle , have maybe just half a bar ? emma sure . Emma gladly step out . Francis watch she all the way . JOHN I will get a fire go . krug can we pick the right house to roll a car in front of or what ? curt to : ext . lake - night - short time later the storm rage . gusting wind make white cap on the lake 's surface . we slowly pan across and tilt down to find that '' no wake '' buoy thrashing about . a flash of lightning ignites a figure - float in the water a few yard from the buoy . the flash be so brief , we nre not even sure what we see be real . but then -- another flash as -- cu - a wet hand grab on to the buoy . 62 . a dark form bob in the water next to it . lightning flash , revealing mari . alive . barely . her eye glassy and weak , she stare through the thick rain pound down on she . mari ‘s Pov - the dark house . wait just up the narrow path . int . collingwood house - live room - night - continuous Emma enter to find John start the fire . krug , Francis , sadie , Justin look on . emma no luck with the cell . francis ( again eyeing Emma ) look like we be still stick here . krug now , Francis , we do not want to impose -- they have do more than enough -- JOHN I do not think you have much choice . it 's okay , we have a couple of spare bedroom -- krug well , that 's mighty kind of you -- emma ( a bit too quickly ) or the guest house ... might work best . JOHN ( meaning mari ) you think she will be okay with that ? emma sure , she 's not come back tonight . it have be more private . krug whatever you think 's best . francis ( again to Emma ) we be easy . 63 . on justin - he 's be sit on the sofa , sip he hot chocolate . he finish . justin ( be : empty mug ) where should I put this ? emma just put it in the kitchen sink . Justin get up , head into ... int . kitchen - night - continuous Justin place the mug in the sink , then turn back , but stop in he track , spot something 0.s. cU - a SMALL photo of mari_and she parent be encase _ in a_glass magnet on the side of the refrigerator . cU - justin - stare at the picture in dumb shock . ext . lake - shoreline near dock - night - continuous mari pull herself through the water , crawl up onto the muddy shore , weakly force herself to keep move in the darkness . int . kitchen - night - continuous on justin - still stare at the photo in a horrify daze . he turn to come face to face with emma carry empty coffee mug -- emma ( be : photo ) oh -- that 's we daughter , mari , the car thief . Emma go to the sink , start rinsing out the mug as Justin suddenly double - over and throws up a little . emma ( cont 'd ) oh , honey ... justin I ' 1l be -- I be okay ... where 's the ... 64 . emma ...- down the hall . Justin bolt . int . bathroom - night - moment later Justin enter and shut the door behind he , lock it . he quickly sit on the floor between the toilet and the wall , shove himself into the corner , terrify . a beat . then -- the doorknob rattles , make he flinch . int . hallway - night - continuous krug try the lock door . krug hey , just ... Doctor collingwood want to know if you be all right in there . so do i. justin Fine . I be fine . krug lower he voice to a agitate whisper to talk through the door to Justin . krug what 's wrong with you ? int . bathroom - night - continuous cower in the corner , Justin look as if he want to recede into the wall and disappear . justin nothing . nothing -- will you just give I two second ? krug ( 0.s. ) say anything and you be dead . you hear I ? hurry up . Justin tremble as he listen to krug leave . he then dig into he jeans pocket , pull out mari 's necklace . stare at it a long beat . then squeeze it tight in he hand , shut he eye -- time CUT to : 65 . int . hallway - night - moment later the mute sound of people talking be hear from the live room as the bathroom door unlocks and slowly open a little for Justin to stick he head out . see that the coast be clear , he walk into the hall and approach the live room . justin 's Pov - through the live room doorway , krug come into view as he talk to Emma and John . krug you sure we be not in you way ? JOHN no , do not worry about it . it 's no big deal , really . once thing clear up in the morning , we will get you outta here one way or another . krug well , thank you . thank you so much . concern flood Justin 's face . he look down , open he hand , eye the necklace in he palm , he mind racing . he then duck into the kitchen - night - continuous where he look around frantically , then eye the deep kitchen sink . keeping a eye on the live room doorway , Justin quickly head to the sink , eye he red mug sit in the bottom . he quickly take out the necklace and place it conspicuously around the bottom of the mug . krug ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ready ? Justin whirl around , see krug in the doorway . krug ( cont 'd ) we be be show to we room . Justin force a nod and a half smile , join krug in the doorway . 66 . ext . collingwood house - night - short time later everyone dress in ponchos , Emma , carry the flashlight and a bundle of candle and match , rush through the downpour , lead krug , sadie , Francis , and Justin to the guesthouse . int . guesthouse - live room - night - continuous darkness . the door unlocks as the group enter . emma voila . she strike a match , start lighting candle ... krug wow , you have get you own personal five - diamond Hilton right on you front lawn . emma I do not know about that , but it sleep four pretty comfortably . the couch fold out . sheet should already be on it . another bedroom 's in there , let I just check something -- Emma quickly head off to the bedroom - continuous where she see mari 's duffel bag on the floor . she quickly shove it under the bed with she foot . spot mari 's remain jewelry on the bedside table . quickly scoops they into she hand , pocket they just as krug and francis enter in the darkness . emma ( cont 'd ) so the bathroom 's in there ... can not say much for the water pressure though . there might be some stuff in the medicine cabinet if Justin feel sick again . krug and Francis cross the room to approach Emma as she duck into the bathroom . 67 . emma ( cont 'd ) we be pretty well stock , I think ... Emma turn back for the bedroom and flinch slightly as she find krug and Francis stand right in front of she , a little too close . emma ( cont ’d ) anything you need before we turn in for the night ? krug smile mechanically . krug no , you have do more than enough already . we be perfect , thanks . emma well , if you need anything , just -- well , I guess you can not call we so just -- come on back over and give we a shout . krug will do . but we will not shout unless the storm 's still go . emma well ... goodnight . krug francis goodnight . goodnight . Emma laugh politely as she pass between krug and Francis , make she way out ... ext . collingwood house - night - continuous as Emma dart back across to the main house we pull back to reveal mari continue she agonizing crawl through the pound rain ... she see she mom ... mari ( barely audible ) mmm -- mom ... she 's too weaken to scream , but she still refuse to give up . mari keep press forward as lightning flash . 68 . int . guesthouse - bedroom - night - continuous krug ‘s Pov - see through the window , Emma head to the main house . krug watch she all the way , he eye predatory and unblink as Francis gaze at she over he shoulder . francis I have sure like to clear the cobweb from she cunt . Francis hungrily watch Emma disappear into the house . int . collingwood house - kitchen - night - continuous Emma be hear close the front door as John sit at the table put away he medical instrument . a mute banging be suddenly hear from somewhere in the house , as if something be be blow back and forth in the wind . JOHN ( call to Emma 0.8 . ) they all set out there ? int . hallway / kitchen - night - continuous Emma put she poncho in the closet , a little shake . emma yeah ... they be fine . JOHN strange group . Emma enter , head to the kitchen counter , start clean up . but do not yet notice the necklace in the sink . emma that 's the understatement of the year . John pause to listen to the banging . JOHN do you hear that ? Emma turn around , step away from the kitchen sink -- 69 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do you leave the porch door open ? emma I do not think I do -- bang . bang . bang . muffled under the thunder . John and Emma turn toward the sound , they blood run cold . what the hell be that ? John head to the cabinet , take out the flashlight . int . live room - night - moment later the banging be louder as John and Emma cautiously enter . a healthy FIRE blaze in the fireplace , create ghoulish dance shadow as they approach the slide glass door . int . back porch - night - continuous the banging be even louder now as John and Emma appear on the other side of the glass door . John unlock the door and slide it open . he aim the flashlight beam around the room ... JOHN 's Pov - scan across the porch as rain pound down on the screen - in room . the flashlight 's beam come to the porch 's screen -door as it bang in the wind . John head to the door , latch it shut . he then look down , the beam fall on a trail of SMALL puddle . John aim the beam along the trail that stop on a pair of wet sneaker poke out from behind the hot tub . John 's eye widen in horror . he bolt around to the back of the hot tub where mari come into view , slouched on she side against it , she blood and water - soak body limp , she eye roll to the back of she head . JOHN mari ! jesus ! John stumble to mari 's side , shaking she as Emma rush over -- 70 . emma oh God ! mari! JOHN mari ? mari , stay with I . he touch he index finger to she neck , feel for a pulse . emma oh god -- oh my god -- another flash of lightning and roar of thunder -- John pull up mari 's eyelid -- JOHN ( panic ) I can not tell what 's -- John fumble for the flashlight , frantically use it to examine mari 's bloody wound . he pull back she shred tank top near she shoulder where the darkest blood stain be -- JOHN ( cont 'd ) she 's be shot -- emma do something , John , do something ! John shakily lift mari into he arm -- JOHN not you , mari -- not you , too -- you hear I ? over this , John gently lay mari on top of the cover hot-tub . he look down to the tub 's digital temperature readout , frantically punch a button , raise the water temp to the max . John check mari 's 's pulse again , then quickly start cpr , push on she chest ... blow into she pale mouth ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) c'mon , mari -- one , two , three -- he breathes into she mouth again -- then press he hand to she chest -- JOHN ( cont 'd ) one , two -- mari suddenly cough up water -- John 's eye widen -- 71 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) that 's it , sweetie -- he gently roll she on she side , let the excess water drain from she mouth -- JOHN ( cont ’d ) mari , you be with mom and dad , you ’‘re gonna be okay -- we have gotta stop the bleed -- Emma , go get -- go get blanket , towel ... emma what about -- JOHN ( talk over she ) -- any alcohol you bring , and my bag -- John pause , see the raging fire through the glass door in the live room -- a idea : JOHN ( cont 'd ) -- put the poker in the fire -- we nre gonna have to do it the old fashioned way -- emma but what about the bullet , John ? JOHN goddammit , right now stop the bleed 's more important than fishing for the fuck bullet -- Emma bolt into the live room , jam the poker in the center of the fire -- hard CUT to : int . guesthouse - bedroom / bathroom - night sadie 's take a nice , soothing shower by candlelight , the shower rod and curtain hang diagonally , dangle from just the one end , the other end have collapse into the tub -- evidently , sadie have the same issue with it that mari have earlier . cu - sadie - eye close as the water flow down she scar face ... 72 . with krug - in the bedroom . he set the silence gun on the night stand , pull he shirt off . collapse to the bed , he leg and foot hang off the side , just above mari nos duffel bag stuff underneath . krug look over through the bedroom doorway into the live room , see Justin 's silhouett form lie on the pull - out bed . krug you awake in there ? no answer . but as we push in on Justin , we reveal he eye be in fact wide OPEN as he stare back into the bedroom , he gaze fix on that silenced gun on the bedside table ... what else be this kid think ? int . collingwood house - back porch - night - continuous warm steam seep from under the hot tub 's cover as Emma enter , hand John the now red hot poker . set he medical bag and a stack of towel on the hot - tub cover next to Emma . JOHN still need alcohol -- emma ( head out ) get it now -- JOHN and try you cell phone again !! Emma bolt away once again as John eye the poker . then gently level it to the entry wound on the back of mari 's shoulder . JOHN ( cont 'd ) okay , mari , hold on -- this be not gonna feel very good , sweetie , but it 's gotta happen -- a beat -- then John gently wrap he leave arm around mari 's upper chest , brace she as he right hand touch the poker to she shoulder , cauterize the wound . as we hear mari 's skin singeing 0.s. -- int . kitchen - night - continuous Emma race into the kitchen . frantically pick up she cell : no signal . 73 . she open the cabinet above the counter , grab a bottle of Jack Daniels . she then turn and see the sparkling necklace in the sink ! Emma shriek , jump back , scared shitless . she then peer back into the sink , wide - eye as she take in the sight of mari 's necklace -- neatly encircle the red mug . unbelieve , Emma pick it up . she turn the medallion over , see the inscription . Emma recoil in horror , eye wide , thought racing -- int . collingwood house - back porch - night - continuous John continue to '' operate '' on mari . now notice dry blood near she knee just below she short . he take he medical scissors , start cut away at she short but suddenly stop -- notice a stream of dry blood on she thigh lead up to she underwear . cU - JOHN 's face - as he continue , he eye widen in horror at what he 's see 0.s . it 's clear now that John know he daughter be rape . JOHN no -- god -- John choke back emotion , raise a shaking hand to he mouth -- JOHN ( cont ’d ) you fuck -- fff -- fucker -- suddenly -- mari start faintly wheeze . JOHN ( cont 'd ) mari ? he lean down as she eye open halfway -- mari daddy -- can not breathe -- can not -- JOHN okay -- we can fix that -- that 's easy for I , okay ? John reach in he bag , pull out some medical tape . anxiously look around the room , spot Emma 's bag full of magazine and a larger pair of house scissors . 74 . he grab the bag , dump out the magazine . he swipe up a magazine , revealing the newspaper Emma be read and krug 's face on the front page -- John eye it , wide - eye -- freeze in disbelief -- the fury boil -- another beat , then he re-focus on mari , tear a small section of the magazine 's cover off -- JOHN ( cont 'd ) Emma !! where the hell be -- John whirl around , see Emma stand there in the darkness . John startles slightly , grab the bottle of Jack , twist it open , start pour it over the scissors . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( quietly to Emma ; be : mari ) her lung 's collapse -- can you hold she down ? Emma nod , still daze from she discovery as she lean down to mari -- JOHN ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong -- Emma bring up the necklace . emma it be in the sink -- the kid -- Justin -- I think he put it there -- John hesitates only for a beat , totally overload with that one -- emma ( cont 'd ) ( be : krug , sadie , Francis ) John , they be -- JOHN ( nod over to the newspaper ) i_know . Emma see it -- then -- mari Da -- dad -- John turn back to mari -- 75 . JOHN I be here , sweetie . okay , this be gonna hurt a little , but I promise , you be gonna breathe a lot better -- Emma move in , grasp mari ' 's hand -- tight -- John open the house scissors , pour a little more Jack Daniels over the blade , then proceed to slice into mari 's upper chest above she heart . mari wince in pain . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I know , sweetie -- almost there -- just let out some trap air ... emma John -- John grab a towel , dab at the blood , then rip a piece of medical tape off , affix it to the section of magazine cover . he then tape the magazine cover over the small hole he 's just cut into mari 's chest . as mari breathes , we see the piece of magazine raise up and down from the escape air as mari 's breathe become less labor . JOHN how 's that ? mari Bet -- better -- JOHN good . just be still . do not try to talk . mari manage a slight smile now . John smile then eye Emma . they step away from mari , John speak in a hushed whisper : JOHN ( cont ’d ) she 's stable for now , but we have get to get she to a hospital -- ( be : necklace ) so what about -- 76 . emma I find it in the sink . it be intentionally place there , wrap around the mug I give Justin -- JOHN he 's try to warn we -- John start tremble in disbelief , the anger seethe -- JOHN ( cont 'd ) Emma , mari -- she -- emma what be it ? JOHN ( with extreme difficulty ) she -- she be rape -- there be blood -- Emma clasp she hand to she mouth , get sick -- JOHN ( cont 'd ) Emma , listen to I . be you listen ? Emma manage a nod -- JOHN ( cont 'd ) okay , clearly he 's tell we something -- he know who we be -- emma ( realize ) he see she picture -- on the fridge -- he see it and he look like a goddamn ghost -- oh my god -- I should have see it ... I should have -- John eye Emma a beat , he mind racing . he then eye mari for a beat . then head quickly into the live room where he peer out the window to the guesthouse . see the flicker candlelight inside . no movement . JOHN they nre still in there -- ( beat ; then ) ( more ) 77 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I do not think the kid 's tell they ... emma how do you know ? JOHN because we have be dead by now . ( then ) we nve get to get she out of here , the nearest house ... emma be six mile from here -- JOHN by land -- ( think a beat ; then ) where be the boat key ? int . kitchen - night - moment later John and Emma rifle through drawer , look for the miss key -- JOHN I do not fuck believe this -- how could they not fuck be here ?! TI have not use the boat in two year . emma my brother do . when he stay here -- JOHN you mean when he stay in the goddamn _questhouse ? emma they could be there or still in the boat -- JOHN God -- shit ! emma John -- JOHN ( tremble uncontrollably ) alright -- Emma -- mari 's run out of time , so we have -- we have -- ( more ) 78 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( point toward guesthouse ) we have get to be ready for anything . anything . and we have get to be ready to do anything -- to kill that fucker if we have to -- whatever it take . do you hear I , Emma ? off Emma , she eye never leave John 's ... int . guesthouse - live room - night Justin lie in bed . still wide awake -- he turn over , peer out the window -- justin 's Pov - the MAIN house - he catch glimpsis of Emma and John 's silhouettes move around inside , candle be blow out ... cU - justin - clearly wonder -- have not they find the necklace yet ? do they know ? sure do not look like it as the house go dark ... int . boat house - night - continuous John frantically rip the tarp off the boat , hop inside , aim the flashlight around to the boat 's ignition -- no key . int . collingwood house - back porch - night - continuous Emma gently finish wrapping mari in a thick blanket . emma there you go , sweetie . Emma sit on the hot tub cover next to mari whose eye flutter open . Emma smile down at she daughter , smooth she hair . emma ( cont 'd ) everything 's gonna be okay . we be leave very soon . Emma kiss mari on the forehead . turn to see John stand in the doorway . he shake he head slightly : '' no key . '' Emma nod back . she know what that mean -- 79 . int . guest house - live room - night cU - justin - still lie on the pull - out bed , face the bedroom doorway . he suddenly see krug Roll out of bed , head into the bathroom . Justin look over to Francis who 's nodd off in the lazy boy . beat . then -- Justin slide out of bed , tip -toe into the bedroom doorway -- justin 's Pov - sadie 's in bed . lightly snore . Justin sneak into the bedroom , he foot creaking over the floor as he approach the gun on the bedside table . back on francis - a lightning flash and roll of thunder wake he up . he rub he eye , groggy . he glance to the pull - out bed . see that Justin be not there . his brow furrow in suspicion , but then -- he hear the toilet flush 0.s . back in the bedroom - justin -- the gun now in hand -- whip he head toward the bathroom door -- hear the lock unlatch . Justin 's eye widen . there 's no way he can make it back to the live room in time . with krug - he exit the bathroom back into the bedroom . as he round the bed , we drop down to reveal justin hiding underneath the bed , he head right next to mari 's duffel bag ! krug groggily make he way around to he side of the bed where he foot suddenly jam against something solid in mari 's duffel bag , stubbing he toe . krug Son of a -- sadie what ? krug look down , see the duffel bag protrude from under the bed . 80 . krug ‘s hand reaches down , grab it . Justin nearly hyperventilate as the bag be suddenly swipe away . krug lift up the heavy bag , unzip it , reach inside and pull out one of mari 's jogging weight . then one more , then a wrist band -- krug what the fuck -- he stuff everything back in the bag , toss it aside . Falls back to the bed , blow out the candle next to the gun Justin put back on the table . Close call . int . collingwood house - garage - night John enter , aim the flashlight around . head to the workbench where he pick up a large wrench . he heft the simple weapon , testing its weight , look down at it in nervous apprehension . he put it back on he tool table with a tremble hand and pick up a big hammer , testing it . int . kitchen - night - moment later cU - emma 's hand pull a butcher 's knife from its place in the knife-holder . she stare down at the enormous weapon , a mirror of John 's nervous apprehension . francis ( 0.s. ) hey there . Emma yelp in surprise and spin around to see Francis stand just ten foot from she . francis ( cont ’d ) sorry , sorry , I think you hear I come in . I see the fire still go . figure you be both night owl . Emma smile weakly . emma uh , just I . John 's asleep . Emma breathes hard , stare at Francis in freeze terror . sl . francis that last lightning bolt wake I up . think maybe a cold beer might help put I back to sleep . Francis turn for the fridge . Emma 's eye widen . Francis be about to see the family photo ! emma wait -- Francis turn back . emma ( cont 'd ) I do not think a cold beer 's gonna cut it . not on a night like this . francis well , what be gonna cut it , Mrs. collingwood ? emma I think a warmer adult beverage -- francis adult beverage , huh ? we fall into that category ? Francis move closer , eyeing Emma 's cleavage beneath she button down blouse . emma I think we do . francis then I guess you be my bartender . maybe a little Jack Daniels -- emma ( a icy glare ) we just run out of that . you a wine drinker ? Francis smile . francis guess I be tonight . emma then you be in luck . Emma walk to the knife on the counter . she eye it in tremble uncertainty as she reach up to the wine shelf , grab a bottle -- 82 . emma ( cont 'd ) that rain let up any ? francis ah , it 's not that bad out there anymore . Emma turn and freeze in surprise as she see that Francis have come closer to stand right in front of she . Emma flinch a little as Francis reach past she . he leisurely pick up the knife from the counter . francis ( cont ’d ) I think the storm 's finally on its way out . Francis slide the knife back into its empty place in the knife- holder and smile at Emma innocently . a beat . francis ( cont ’d ) do I get a glass or do you want I to chug it straight from the bottle ? emma glass . right. sorry . Emma go to the fridge and smoothly slide the photo off the door and slip it in she jeans pocket just as Francis turn and approach . Emma go up on she tiptoe , open the cabinet above the fridge , pull out two wine glass . emma ( cont 'd ) here we go . Francis eye she ass hungrily , but quickly raise he eye to meet hers again as she turn back around . francis ( smile ) thanks . Francis suddenly pause -- francis ( cont ’d ) now all we need 's -- Francis suddenly stop short -- see something 0.8. francis 's Pov - peer through the live room and slide glass door to mari lie on the hot tub on the back porch . 83 . francis ( cont 'd ) -- Holy fuck -- he turn back . Emma be stand right behind he . she smashes the wine bottle across he face !! emma you fuck animal . Francis stumble back toward the live room , look up only to come face to face with JOHN - step into the doorway , the hammer raise . smack ! John bash Francis 's jaw in . Francis stumble to the side in stunne shock , hit the counter , shatter some dinnerware -- John swing at he again but miss , the hammer smashing through a cabinet next to Francis 's head -- terrify , Francis turn to escape , but run right into the business end of that shiny butcher knife . Francis freeze in shock . look down to see the knife protrude from he chest . he look up , he die eye meeting that of emma stare at he as he slink to the floor . emma ( cont 'd ) what do you do to my daughter ? huh ? be you the one that shot she ? raped she ?! Francis 's eye widen in shock , the full knowledge of what 's happen overtake he -- Francis cry out in gurgling wretchedness , choke on he own blood as JOHN stride over , bring up the hammer once again , flip it around so that the claw face out . thunk ! he smashes the claw down into the top of Francis 's head , bloodily drive they into he skull . Francis instantly go limp , he eye wide and glassy , he mouth freeze open in a gape silent scream . 84 . a strange quiet fill the room as John and Emma stand over Francis 's motionless body . they both slowly look out the window to the guesthouse . no visible movement inside as Emma pull the knife from Francis 's motionless body . JOHN we nve gotta do this quick . CUT to : int . guesthouse - live room - night the door slowly open . John cautiously slip inside with he hammer in hand . Emma follow with she knife . both eye the empty pull - out bed : Justin 's not there . John eye the dark , partially - open doorway lead to the bedroom and look at Emma . wnod to the chest of drawer . Emma tip toe over to the chest , slide the drawer open anxiously look for the boat key . she turn to John , shake she head -- they be not here . John swallow and quietly move to the door . carefully reach out and ease it open -- int . guesthouse - bedroom - night - continuous the door creak . John wince as a lightning flash ignites the dark bedroom . he see krug and sadie sleep in the bed . krug wear only pants , while sadie 's in she underwear . John warily glance across the room and freeze , he eye widen in shock as he see justin sit huddle in the far corner of the room . awake and look just as surprised and terrify as he be . Emma appear over John 's shoulder , also freeze at the sight of Justin . the three stare at each other in uncertainty . and then -- Justin raise krug 's gun and aim it at JOHN and emma ! 85 . John and Emma instinctively back away -- raise they hand . take it easy , kid -- easy -- cU - justin - he hand tremble -- tear stream down he face -- he snivel -- then -- he suddenly turn the gun around and extend he arm further toward John and Emma . and they realize -- he want they to take the gun . John nod to Justin . then carefully step forward across the creak hardwood floor that 's only partially mute by the thunder and downpour . John keep walk , warily keep he eye on Justin . creak . he step on another loose floorboard . John freeze as krug groans and shift in bed . Emma tense from the doorway ... krug stay asleep . relieved , John keep go , close in on the gun as Justin quietly stay in he place . John reach out -- and gently take it out of Justin 's outstretch hand . a beat of eye on terrify eye . Justin then look away as John turn to the bed and raise the gun , aim it point blank at sadie just as a bolt of lightning strike just outside . the crash of thunder wake sadie and krug up . sadie bolt upright in bed , see John 's silhouette stand over she ! sadie no ! sadie roll away as John shoot . bam ! the bullet strike she in the side of she neck . sadie scream in agony as krug dive out of the bed , grab one of mari 's jogging weight he find in she duffel and hurl it back at John , smacking he in the shoulder just as he fire . Emma charge for krug who grab another weight and throw it at she , force she to dive back into the live room . John whirl back only to be tackle by a scream and flailing sadie . 86 . sadie ( cont ’d ) you fuck cocksucker , what the fuck be you do ?! she 's beat she arm on John who drop the gun , force to fight she off . JOHN get the fuck off I -- John gain the upper hand , grab sadie and toss she aside , send she slide into the bathroom . with that , John grab the gun , raise up and fire at krug who have grab and be now heaving the mattress up and over toward John ! John dive and roll from underneath it , take aim and fire at krug , just miss he as krug dive through the window in a hail of shattered glass . John stumble out awkwardly from under the mattress , get to he foot and charge to the window . look out to see krug run away through the downpour , head for the main house . John raise the gun and fire . miss . on JOHN - piss . behind he -- sadie emerge from the bathroom , grab a lamp off the bedside table . Emma see she . emma John ! John whirl around . sadie fling the lamp at John who bat it away -- fire back blindly -- miss -- JOHN you fuck bitch !! that be my daughter ! ! 87 . sadie ( not miss a beat ) well , you daughter be a little cunt fuck ! this as sadie grab Justin and drag he back into the bathroom . Emma pursue , but she 's not in time . sadie slam the door in she face . JOHN shit ! John head over , kick the door . bam ! in the bathroom - sadie frantically grab the shower rod in a hail of plaster as out in the bedroom - JOHN slam he body against the bathroom door . bam ! it smashes open —- whack ! sadie smack John in the jaw with the shower rod , send he to the floor . the gun drop from he hand and skip out the door -- sadie raise the shower rod to strike John again , but -- justin no ! Justin charge sadie and jump on she back , claw at she face ! sadie godammn you little shit ! sadie throw Justin away . he tumble into the bathtub . he get up only to face the wrath of sadie . she clock he with the shower rod . Justin hit the edge of the tub , fall limp -- out cold . sadie turn back to face John . sadie ( cont ’d ) stay the fuck away ! John take a step forward , look for a open -- crash ! smash ! sadie wildly knock the content of the bathroom to the floor , bashing hole in the plaster wall , the mirror as she go absolutely berserk , thrashing like a cornere animal go insane -- 88 . sadie ( cont ’d ) I x11 fuck kill you !! sadie charge for John just as emma appear in the doorway and level the gun at sadie . emma John , get down ! John drop as -- bam ! Emma fire . shoot sadie center forehead , spattering she blood against the tile wall as she body slide to the floor . Emma coldly lower the gun . stands freeze for a beat . then hand the gun back to John who wordlessly accept it . he step toward the tub , reach down to Justin . turn he over . he 's still out . John feel for a pulse . turn to Emma , he mind racing -- JOHN ( be : house ) I be gonna go look again , there 's a couple of place -- emma ( be : krug ) John , he could be -- JOHN goddammit , Emma , keep look here . five minute , that 's it , otherwise ... ( beat ; know this option be all but hopeless , but ) .-- we will go on foot . they step back into the bedroom . John raise the gun , ready for anything as Emma start search the bedside table drawer ... as John cautiously make he way out , keep the gun aim ahead at all time -- int . collingwood house - hallway - night - continuous krug enter , stumble around in the darkness , feel he way along the wall toward the live room ... 89 . int . guest house - bedroom - night - continuous Emma 's tear the room apart look for the key -- emma goddammit ! ! she empty another drawer -- nothing . she spin around , stop cold at the sight of Justin -- stare at she from the bathroom door . a tense beat . then -- justin ( groggily ) what can I do ? int . collingwood house - live room - night - continuous krug head to the window , spot John make he way toward the house . krug who be this crazy fuck ? krug shake he head , duck through the glass slide door onto the back porch - night - continuous where we think he 's go to see mari lie on the hot tub -- but mari 's go . int . boat house - night - continuous Emma enter with the flashlight . she shine it over to the boat to reveal mari wrap warmly in a robe and towel , lie in the boat 's back seat ! Emma lean over she . mari 's eye open , shift up to she mother . emma hang on , sweetie . we be still -- we might -- we might have to do this another way ... evidently , the key have not turn up yet . off this -- 90 . int . collingwood house - back porch - night - continuous krug study the remain of John 's operation on mari : bloody towel , piece of she rip clothing ... krug pick up the shred piece of mari 's tank top . krug Son of a bitch -- krug eye John 's medical bag -- sift through it , find a pocket planner , box of surgical glove , and John 's wallet -- flip through it . pocket the cash . krug suddenly hear a creak 0.s. he look over , spot the poker . grab it . int . collingwood house - live room —- moment later the front door be shove open and John aim the gun into the dark room . empty and silent . John cautiously enter , head to a small chest against the wall next to the fireplace . he slide the drawer open , see a few key . frantically pick through they , not find what he need . he suddenly stop , catch sight of something 0.s : he wallet lying in the middle of the coffee table , conspicuously flip open to a family photo of John , Emma , and mari . John nod , scoff to himself , realize : krug _ know . a creak from somewhere within the house . then another -- from the ceiling . John swallow , determination fill he eye . he raise the gun . JOHN ( call out ) come on out , you piece of shit ! intercut : int . second floor hallway - night —- continuous krug roll he eye at the sound of that three word . he stand against the wall , call back out to John -- gl . krug now why would I do that , John ? you have a gun . John move into the foyer - continuous he peer up to the second floor landing krug ( cont 'd ) what be the odd , huh ? you ever see that old movie , how 's it go -- '' of all the gin joint on the planet , I end up here . '' of course , look back , you daughter have a lot to do with that . brandish the gun , John slowly ascend the stair ... there 's a sudden lull in the storm . only the quiet patter of a light rain on the roof . krug shift he head , suddenly hearing a few loud creak from the stair . krug ( cont 'd ) I can hear you , Doc ... with krug - he back down the hallway , duck into the guest bedroom - continuous krug ( cont 'd ) you nve get a pretty determine kid , I ’1ll give you that . she 's cause I a helluva lot of heartache today . why do not you tell I where you and mom stashed she so I can thank she personally one more time . krug raise the poker , back away behind a bookshelf near the window and wait -- on the second floor landing - JOHN reach the top of the stair and look around at the empty hall and doorway of the upper floor . John harden himself and press forward , slowly approach the guest bedroom door . 92 . with krug - he hear the creak , raise the poker . but something 0.s. catch he eye . he peer out the window , see the streak of a flashlight beam dance around down by the lake . a lightning flash illuminate the distant boat house ! krug ( cont ’d ) well , well ... a dare escape by water , huh John ?! krug slide the window up as lightning flash and thunder roll -- cu - JOHN - hearing that , race down to the bedroom -- JOHN no ! you son of a -- John barge into the guest bedroom , see the open window , curtain blow in the wind -- John race to the window , look out -- he Pov - krug - outside , head briskly down the path toward the boat house ! JOHN ( cont 'd ) no ! Emma ! shit -- John 's about to jump out the window when -- reverse angle - over JOHN 's shoulder - a hulk figure approach he from behind -- poker raise -- no , this be krug . a flash of lightning cast krug 's shadow over John . John whirl around , raise the gun -- whack ! krug belt he across the arm , send the gun fly out the window . John turn back , dive to the floor just as krug swing and miss , smashing the poker into the wall as outside on the path the figure we really see -- justin -- near the boathouse . int . boat house - night - continuous the side door open and Justin step in . Emma whirl around , aim the flashlight . Justin hold up a _set of keys_on a _bobber key chain . 93 . justin this they ? emma thank god ... yes ... she grab they , anxiously poke she head out the door , look up to the main house , deeply concerned . int . collingwood house - 2 nd floor landing - continuous smack ! krug hit John in the back with the poker . krug 's just play now . enjoy this . John hit the floor , stagger to the landing 's railing , grab it , try to pull himself up . krug lemme help you there , doc . krug raise he foot and kick John hard , send he through the railing . at the last second , John grab one of the railing 's support as it pop free of the foundation . John dangle over the floor . krug smack he hand with the poker . John let go and plummet to the floor . but it 's not nearly as long a fall as it would have be . in the foyer John hit the floor with a tremendous thud as piece of railing fall around he . John moan and stir , start to come around as krug stalk down the stair , flip the poker around -- krug ( cont 'd ) you little girl and she friend put up quite a fight , doc . John react to the mention of mari 's '' friend '' as krug stroke the tip of the poker -- krug ( cont ’d ) you wanna know what I do to mari ? I think you do . I think you wanna know what it feel like -- krug lean down over a still groggy John and ready the poker , grip it as if he 's about to shove it up between John 's leg . 94 . krug start the horrific motion to do just that when -- the familiar SOUND of a cocking gun 0.s. stop he cold . he slowly turn , come face to face with -- justin - stand right behind he aim the silence gun point blank , he moist eye wide and terrify . krug ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be you do ? justin stop you . forever . krug quickly soften , take a step forward . krug take it easy , Justin . do not do anything stup -- Justin pull the trigger -- click . the gun 's empty . krug flinch in surprise , stare at the barrel point at he as he realize he son just try to shoot he . equally surprised , Justin stare at the useless weapon . krug swing the poker , knock Justin to the floor . krug ( cont 'd ) you sure pick a funny moment to grow some ball . Justin try to crawl away , but krug quickly yank he up off the floor , get in he face : krug ( cont ’d ) but it 's too late . because I -- do not like you anymore . krug hold Justin in place as he push the poker hard into Justin 's abdomen -- Justin look at krug , eye wide in fear as krug press harder , the poker break the skin now , blood seeping through Justin 's sweatshirt -- justin ( gasp ) better -- look -- krug what -- justin better look out you fuck -- 95 . krug realize that Justin be refer to the figure behind he -- krug whirl around to see Emma brandish the FIRE extinguisher . she sprays a explosive barrage of pressurize foam into krug 's face -- krug cry out , drop the poker , stumble back with he hand to he blind eye as John get to he foot , angrily grab the fire extinguisher from Emma and advance toward krug . slam ! he hit krug in the head with the extinguisher . krug stumble back . slam ! John hit he again . krug stumble back against a table . Emma come up behind the wind John who hand she back the fire extinguisher . her turn . she swing . wham ! krug drop to the floor . very bloody , half dead or worse as John and Emma stand over he . off this -- int . ski boat - night - moment later cu - mari - she open she eye , look up at she mom sit next to she . Emma smile , move she hand down to mari 's waist , revealing the butcher knife firmly clasped in mari 's hand . Emma gently take it . kiss mari on the forehead as John start the motor , back the boat out into the open water ... Justin sit silently in the front passenger seat . ext . lake - pre - dawn - continuous as the ski-boat roar away across the lake , we pull back to reveal the scattered home and the town on the horizon as the electricity return ... light flicker back to life ... CUT to black . a silent beat . then , suddenly -- we have flash of quick shot -- - a scalpel shine in a eerie light ... - a pair of hand don surgical glove ... - the scalpel pierce deep into bare skin ... 96 . - wider - the hand work the scalpel , push it deeper into the middle of a man 's back . CUT to black . fade in : int . collingwood house - garage - time unknown cU - krug - he eye pop open . he Pov - peer up at the eerie fluorescent work light above he as JOHN lean into frame . JOHN hi . reveal krug , lie across John 's work bench . krug what be this ? JOHN you nre feel the effect of general anesthesia . krug I can not move . JOHN ( raise the bloody scalpel ) because I have paralyze you from the neck down . krug 's eye shift as John wheel over a tall tool box the microwave oven sit on top . krug what be you do ? John do not answer as he wheel the mocrowave to behind krug 's head , then nod to someone o.s. krug ( cont 'd ) who 's there ? who 's -- another man we have never see before enter frame . he 's 50ish , weathered ... a black patch over he right eye , both sadness and rage in he leave . JOHN this be James griffen . 97 . krug I do not know you . I do not know he . JOHN that 's okay , he know you . you murder he daughter . krug oh fuck -- no -- James lean down to krug -- jame griffen her name be paige . krug 's eye widen as James quietly roll the open microwave over krug 's head . krug no -- do not -- what the fuck -- James 's finger move to the microwave 's keypad , punch in a 20 - second count . James look to John who then move he finger to the microwave -- and press start . the microwave hum to life as John and James quickly head from the room -- cU - krug - wide - eye as the microwave start to fry and melt he face -- krug scream -- just as he head pop -- smash to black .