STAR war : episode 1 : the phantom menace title card : a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away .... a vast sea of star serve as the backdrop for the main title , follow by a roll up , which crawl up into infinity . episode 1 the phantom menace turmoil have engulf the galactic Republic . the taxation of trade route to outlay star system be in dispute . hope to resolve the matter with a blockade of deadly battleship , the greedy Trade federation have stop all shipping to the small planet of naboo . while the congress of the Republic endlessly debate this alarming chain of event , the Supreme chancellor have secretly dispatch two jedi Knights , the guardian of peace and justice in the galaxy , to settle the conflict ..... pan down to reveal a small space cruiser head toward camera at great speed . pan with the cruiser as it head towardthe beautiful green planet of naboo , which be surround by hundred of Trade federation battleship . int . republic cruiser - cockpit in the cockpit of the cruise , the captain and pilot maneuver closer to one of the battleship . qui - gon : ( off screen voice ) Captain . the Captain turn to a unseen figure sit behind she . captain : yes , sir ? qui - gon : ( v.o ) tell they we wish to board at once . captain : yes , sir . the captain look to she view screen , where nute gunray , a neimoidian trade viceroy , wait for a reply . captain : ( cont would ) with all due respect for the Trade federation , the ambassodor for the Supreme chancellor wish to board immediately . nute : yes , yes , of coarse ... ahhh ... as you know , we blockade be perfectly legal , and we would be happy to receive the ambassador ... happy to . the screen go black . out the cockpit window , the sinister battleship loom ever closer . ext . federation battleship - docking BAY - space ( fx ) the small space cruiser dock in the enormous main bay of the federation battleship . int . federation battleship - docking BAY - space a protocol droid , tc - 14 , wait at the door to the docking bay . two worker droid , pk - 4 and eg - 9 watch . pk - 4 : they must be important if the viceroy send one of that useless protocol gearhead to greet they . the door open , and the Republic cruiser can be see in the docking bay . two darkly robe figure be greet by tc - 14 . tc - 14 : I be tc - 14 at you service . this way , please . they move off down the hallway . eg -9 : a Republic cruiser ! that 's trouble ... do not you think ? pr - 4 : I be not make to think . int . federation battleship - conference room a door slide open , and the two cloak shape be lead past camera into the formal conference room by tc - 14 . tc - 14 : I hope you honoure sir with the most comfortable here . my master will be with you shortly . the droid bow before obi - wan kenobi and qui - gon jinn . he back out the door and it close . the jedi lower they hood and look out a large window at the lush green planet of naboo . qui - gon sixty year old , have long white hair in a ponytail . he be tall and strike , with blue eye . obi - wan be twenty five , with very short brown hair , pale skin , and blue eye . several exotic , bird - like creature sing in a cage near the door . obi - wan : I have a bad feel about this . qui - gon : I do not sense anything . obi - wan : it 's not about the mission , master , it 's somethging ... elsewhere ... elusive . qui - gon : do not center on you anxiety , obi-wan . keep you concentration here and now where it belong . obi - wan : master yoda say I should be mindful of the future ... qui - gon : ..... but not at the expense of the moment . be mindful of the live Force , my young padawan . obi - wan : yes , master ...how do you think the trade viceroy will deal with the chancellor 's demand ? qui - gon : this federation type be coward . the negotiation will be short . int . federation battleship - bridge nute gunray and daultray dofine stand , stunne , before tc - 14 . nute : ( shake ) what ?!? what do you say ? tc - 14 : the ambassador be jedi Knights , I believe . dofine : I know it ! they be send to force a settlement , eh. blind I , we be do for ! int . federation battleship - hallway a hologram of nute , surround by battle droid , appear in the conference room hallway . nute : they must be dead by now . blast , what 's leave of they . the hologram fade off , as a battle droid , owo - 1 , cautiously open the door . a deadly green cloud billow from the room . battle droid cock they weapon as a figure stumble out of the smoke . it be tc - 14 , carry the tray of drink . tc14 : oh , excuse I , so sorry . the protocol droid pass the armed camp just as two flash laser sword fly out of the deadly fog , cut down several battle droid before they can fire . int . federation battleship - bridge the bridge be a cocophony of alarm . nute and rune watch owo - 1 on the viewscreen . owo - 1 : not sure exactly what ... owo - 1 be suddenly cut in half in mid-sentence . rune give nute a worried look . nute : what in blaze be go on down there ? rune : have you ever encounter a jedi knight before , sir ? nute : well , not exactly , but I do not ... ( panicked ) seal off the bridge . rune : that will not be enough , sir . the door to the bridge slam shut . nute : I want destroyer droid up here at once !!! rune : we will not survive this . int . federation battleship - hallway - outside bridge qui - gon cut several battle droid in half , create a shower of spark and metal part . obi - wan raise he hand , send several battle droid crash into the wall . qui - gon make he way to the bridge door and begin to cut through it . int . federation battleship - bridge the crew be very nervous as spark start fly around the bridge door . qui - gon and obi - wan be on the view screen . nute : Close the blast door !!! the huge , very thick blast door slam shut , follow by a second door , then a third . there be a hiss sound as the huge door seal shut . qui - gon tabs the door with he sword . the screen go black as a red spot appear in the center of the blast door . rune : ... they be still come through ! on the door , chunks of molten metal begin to drop away . nute : impossible !! this be impossible !! rune : where be that destroyer droid ?! int . federation battleship - hallway - outside bridge ten ugly destroyer wheel droid roll down the hallway at full speed . just before they get to the bridge area , they stop and transform into they battle configuration . qui - gon can not see they but sense they presence . qui - gon : destroyer droid ! obi - wan : offhand , I would say this mission be past the negotiaion stage . the wheel droid , lead by p - 59 , rush the entry area from three hallway , blast away with they laser gun . they stop fire and stand in a semi-circle as the smoke clear . obi - wan and qui - gon be nowhere to be see . p - 59 : switch to bio ... there they be ! the jedi materialize at the far end of the hallway and dash through the doorway that slam shut . the wheel droid blast away at the two jedi with they laser sword . obi - wan : they have shield generator ! qui - gon : it 's a standoff ! let 's go ! int . federation battleship - bridge nute and rune stand on the bridge , watch the view screen as the wheel droid ' Pov speed to the doorway . rune : we have they on the run , sir ... they be no match for destroyer droid . tey how : Sir , they have go up the ventilation shaft . int . federation battleship - MAIN BAY qui - gon and obi - wan appear at a large vent in a giant hanger bay . they be careful not to be see . thousands of battle droid be load onto landing craft . qui - gon : Battle droid . obi - wan : it 's a invisible army . qui - gon : it 's a odd play for the Trade federation . we have get to warn the naboo and contact chancellor valorum . let 's split up . Stow aboard separate ship and meet down on the planet . obi - wan : you be right about one thing , master . the negotiation be short . int . federation battleship - bridge tey how recieve a transmission . tey how : Sir , a transmission from the planet . rune : it 's Queen amidala herself . nute : at last we be get result . on the view screen , queen amidala appear in she throne room . wearing she elaborate headdress and robe , she sit , surround by the governing council and four handmaiden , eirtae , yane , rabe , and sache . nute : ( cont would ) again you come before I , you highness . the federation be pleased . amidala : you will not be pleased when you hear what I have to say , viceroy ... you trade boycott of we planet have end . nute smirk at rune . nute : I be not aware of such a failure . amidala : I have word that the Senate be finally voting on this blockade of yours . nute : I take it you know the outcome . I wonder why they bother to vote . amidala : enough of this pretense , viceroy ! I be aware the chancellor 's ambassador be with you now , and that you have beencommanded to reach a settlement . nute : I know nothing about any ambassador ... you must be mistaken . amidala , surprised at he reaction , study he carefully . amidala : beware , viceroy .... the federation be go too far this time . nute : you highness , we would never do anything without the approval of the Senate . you assume too much . amidala : we will see . the queen fade off , and the view screen go black . rune : she 's right , the Senate will never .... nute : it 's too late now . rune : do you think she suspect a attack ? nute : I do not know , but we must move quickly to disrupt all communication down there . int . naboo palace - throne room the queen , eirtae , sache and she Governor , sio bibble , stand before a hologram of senator palpatine , a thin , kindly man . palpatine : ... how could that be true ? I have assurance from the chancellor ... he ambassaodr do arrive . it must be the ...get ... negotiate ... the hologram of palpatione sputter and fade away . amidala : Senator palpatine ?!? ( turn to panaka ) what 's happen ? captain panaka turn to he sargeant capt . panaka : check the transmission generator ... bibble : a malfunction ? capt . panaka : it could be the federation jam we . you highness . bibble : a communication disruption can only mean one thing . invasion . amidala : do not jump to conclusion , Governor . the federation would not dare go that far . capt . panaka : the Senate would revoke they trade franchise , and they would be finish . amidala : we must continue to rely on negotiation . bibble : negotiation ? we have lose all communication !... and where atre the chancellor ambassador ? how can we negotiate ? we must prepare to defend ourselves . capt . panaka : this be a dangerous situation , you highness . we security volunteer will be no match against a battle - harden federation army . amidala : I will not condone a course of action that will lead we to war . ext . space landing craft - twilight ( fx ) six landing craft fly in formation toward the surface of the planet naboo . ext . naboo swamp - shallow lake - twilight Three landing craft slowly descend through the cloud cover of the perpetually gray twilight side of the planet . one by one , the federation warship land in the eerie swamp . obi - wan 's head emerge from the mud of a shallow lake . for in the background , the activity of the invasion force can be see in the mist . obi - wan take several deep breath , then dissapear again under the muddy swamp . troop transport ( mtt 's ) emerge from the landing craft . ext . naboo edge of swamp / grass plain - twilight ( fx ) the droid invasion force move out of the swamp and onto a grassy plain . oom - 9 , in he tank , look out over the vast army march across the roll hill . a small hologram of rune and nute stand on the tank . rune : ...and there be no trace of the jedi . they may have gotton onto one of you landing craft . oom - 9 : if they be down here , sir , we will find they . we be move out of the swamp and be march on the city . we be meeting no resistance . nute : excellent . ext . naboo swamp - twilight qui - gon run through the strange landscape , glance back to see the monstrous troop transport , emerge from the mist . animal begin to run past he in a panic . a odd , frog-like gungan , jar jar ink , squat hold a clam he have retrieve from the murky swamp . the shell pop open . jar jar 's greta tongue snap out and grab the clam , swallow it in one gulp . jar jar look up and see qui - gon and the other creature run like the wind toward he . one of the huge mtt 's bear down on the jedi like a charge locomotive . jar jar stand transfix , still hold the clam shell in one hand . jar jar : oh , noooooooooo ! jar jar drop the shell and grab onto qui - gon as he pass . the jedi be catch by surprise . jar jar : ( cont would ) hey , help I ! help I !! qui - gon : let go ! the machine be about tp crush they as qui - gon drag jar jar behind he . just as the transport be about to hit they , qui - gon drop , and jar jar go splat into the mud with he . the transport race overhead . qui - gon and jar jar pull themselves out of the mud . they stand watch the war machine dissapear into the mist . jar jar grab qui - gon and hug he . jar jar : oyi , mooie-mooie ! I love yous ! the frog-like creature kiss the jedi . qui - gon : be you brainless ? you almost get we kill ! jar jar : I spake . qui - gon : the ability to speak do not make you intelligent . now get outta here ! qui - gon start to move off , and jar jar follow . jar jar : no...no ! Mesa stay ... Mesa yous humble servaunt . qui - gon : that wont be necessary . jar jar : oh boot tis ! tis demund byda gud . tis a live debett , tis . Mesa cull jaja binkss . in the distance , two stap burst out of the mist at high speed , chase obi - wan . qui - gon : I have no time for this now ... jar jar : say what ? the two stap barrell down on obi - wan . jar jar : ( cont would ) oh , nooooo ! weesa ganna .... qui - gon throw jar jar into the mud . qui - gon : stay down ! his head pop up . jar jar : ... dieeee ! the two troops fire laser bolt at obi - wan . qui - gon deflect the bolt back , and the stap blow up . one-two . obi - wan be exhaust and try to catch he breath . obi - wan : sorry , master , the water fry my weapon . obi - wan pull out he burnt laser sword handle . qui - gon inspect it , as jar jar pull himself out of the mud . qui - gon : you forget to turn you power off again , do not you ? obi - wan nod sheeplishly . qui -gon : ( cont would ) it will not take long to recharge , but this be a lesson I hope you have learn , my young padawan . obi - wan : yes , master . jar jar : yousa savy my again , hey ? obi - wan : what 's this ? qui - gon : a local . let 's go , before more of that droid show up . jar jar : mure ? mure do you spake ??!? obi - wan and qui - gon start to run . jar jar try to keep up . jar jar : ( cont would ) ex - squeeze I , but da moto grande safe place would be otoh gunga . tis where I grow up ... tis safe city . they all stop . qui - gon : a city ! ( jar jar nod he head ) can you take we there ? jar jar : ahhh , will ... on second taut ... no , not willy . qui - gon : no ??! jar jar : iss embarriss , boot ... my afrai my have bean banish . my forgoten der boss would do terrible ting to my . terrible ting if my goen back dare . a pulsating SOUND be hear in the distance . qui - gon : you hear that ? jar jar shake he head yes . qui -gon : ( cont would ) that 's the sound of a thousand terrible thing head this way ... obi - wan : when they find we , they will crush we , grind we into little piece , then blast we into oblivion ! jar jar : oh ! yousa point be well see . dis way ! hurry ! jar jar turn and run into the swamp . ext . naboo swamp lake - twilight qui - gon , obi - wan and jar jar run into a murky lake and stop as jar jar try to catch he breath . the transport be heard in the distance . qui - gon : much farther ? jar jar : wesa goen underwater , okeyday ? qui - gon and obi - wan pull out small capsule from they utility belt that turn into breathe mask . jar jar : ( cont would ) my warning yous . gungan no like outlaunder . do not expict a wern welcome . obi - wan : do not worry , this have not be we day for warm welcome . jar jar jump , do a double somersault with a twist , and dive into the water . breath mask on , qui - gon and obi - wan wade in after he . ext . naboo lake - underwater qui - gon and obi - wan swim behind jar jar , who be very much at home in the water . down they swim into murky depth . in the distance the glow of otoh gunga , a underwater city make up of large bubbles , become more distinct . they approach the strange , art nouveau habitat . jar jar swim magically through one of the bubble membrane , which seal behind he . obi - wan and qui - gon follow . int . otoh gunga - CITY square gungan in the square scatter when they see the strange jedi . four guard armed with long electro-pole ride two - legge kaadus into the square . the guard , lead by captain tarpal , point they lethal pole at the drip trio . jar jar : heyo -dalee , cap and tarpals , Mesa back ! capt . tarpal : noah gain , jar jar. yousa goen tada boss . yousa in big dudu this time . capt . tarpal give jar jar a slight zap with he power pole . jar jar jump and move off , follow by the two jedi . jar jar : how wude . int . otoh gunga - high tower board room the boss ' board room have bubble wall , with small light fish swim around outside like move star . a long circular judge 's bench fill with gungan official dominate the room . obi - wan and qui - gon stand face boss nass , who sit on a bench higher than the other . boss nass : yousa can not bee hair . dis army of mackineek up dare tis new weesong ! qui - gon : that droid army be about to attack the naboo . we must warn they . boss nass : wesa no like da naboo ! un dey no like uss -en . Da naboo tink day so smarty de we -en . Day tink day brain so big . obi - wan : after that droid take control of the surface , they will come here and take control of you . boss nass : no , mesa no tink so . Mesa scant talkie witda naboo , and no nutten talkie it outlaunder . do mackineek no comen here ! dey not know of uss -en . obi - wan : you and the naboo form a symbiont circle . what happen to noe of you will affect the other . you must understand this . boss nass : wesa wish no nutten in yousa ting , outlaunder , and wesa no care - n about da naboo . qui - gon : ( wave he hand ) then speed we on we way . boss nass : wesa gonna speed yousaway . qui - gon : we need a transport . boss nass : wesa give yousa una bongo . Da speedest way tooda naboo tis goen through da core . now go . qui - gon : thank you for you help . we go in peace . qui - gon and obi - wan turn to leave . obi - wan : master , what a bongo ? qui - gon : a transport , I hope . the jedi notice jar jar in chain to one side , wait to hear he verdict . qui - gon stop . jar jar give he a forlorn look . jar jar : daza setten yous up . goen through da planet core be bad bombin !! qui - gon : thank you , my friend . jar jar : ahhh ... any hep hair would be hot . jar jar 's soulful look be counterpoint by a sheepish grin . obi - wan : we be short of time , master . qui - gon : we will need a navigator to get we through the planet 's core . this gungan my be of help . qui - gon walk bact to boss nass . qui -gon : ( cont would ) what be to become of jar jar bink here ? boss nass : binkss brokeen the nocombackie law . hisen to be pune-ish . qui - gon : he have be a great help to we . I hope the punishment will not be too severe . boss nass : pound unto death . jar jar : ( grimace ) oooooh ... ouch ! obi - wan look concerned . qui - gon be think . qui - gon : we need a navigator to get we through the planet 's core . I have save jar jar bink ' life . he owe I what you call a " life.debt . " boss nass : bink . yousa havena liveplay with thisen hisen ? jar jar nod and join the jedi . qui - gon wave he hand . qui - gon : you god demand that he life belong to I now . boss nass : hisen live tis yos , outlauder . begone wit he . jar jar : Count mesa outta dis ! better dead here , de deader in da core ... yee gud , whata mesa sayin ?! ext . naboo CITY - underwater - sub ( fx ) a strange little submarine propel itself away from the otoh gunga , leave the glow of the settlement in the distance . int . sub cockpit - underwater obi - wan in the co-pilot seat , jar jar guide the craft . jar jar : dis be nusen . obi - wan : master , why do you keep drag this pathetic life form along with we ?... here , take over . jar jar : hey , ho ? where wesa goen ?? qui - gon : you be the navigator . jar jar : yo dreamen mesa hopen ... , br qui - gon : just relax , the Force will guide we ... jar jar : ooooh , maxibig ... " da Force " ... wellen , that smell stinkowiff . jar jar veer the craft to the leave and turn the light on . the coral vista be grand , fantastic , and wonderous . obi - wan : why be you banish , jar jar ? jar jar : tis a long tale , buta small part wawdabe mesa...ooooh ...aaaa ..... clumsy . obi - wan : they banish you because you be clumsy ? as the little sub glide into the planet core , a large dark shape begin to follow . jar jar : Mesa cause - ed mabee one or duey lettal bitty axadente ... yud - say boom da gasser , un crash Der boss heyblibber ... de banish . suddenly there be a loud crash , and the little craft lurch to one side . qui - gon look around and see a huge , lumimnous opee sea killer have hook they with its long gooey tongue . qui - gon : full speed ahead . instead of full ahead , jar jar jam the control into reverse . the sub fly into the mouth of the creature . jar jar : oooops . obi - wan : give I the control . obi - wan take over the control and the opee sea killer instantly release the sub from its mouth . jar jar : wesa free ! as the sub zoom away they see a larger set of jaw , munch on the hapless killer . the jaw belong to the incredible sando aqua monster . the light on the tiny sub begin to flicker as they cruise deeper into the gloom . qui - gon : there 's always a bigger fish . int . federation battleship - bridge nute and rune stand before a hologram of darth sidious . nute : the invasion be on schedule , my Lord . darth sidious : good . I have the Senate bog down in procedure . by the time this incident come up for a vote , they will have no choice but to accept you control of the system . nute : the Queen have great faith the Senate will side with she . darth sidious : Queen amidala be yound and naive . you will find control she will not be difficult . you have do well , viceroy . nute : thank you , my Lord . darth sidious fade away . rune : you do not tell he about the miss jedi ? nute : no need to report that to he , until we have something to report . int . sub cockpit - underwater spark be fly , and water be leak into the cabin . the sound of the power drive drop . obi - wan : ..... we be lose power . obi - wan be work with the sparking wire . jar jar panic . qui - gon : stay calm . we be not in trouble yet . jar jar : what yet ? monstair out dare ! leak'n in here , all and sink and , and nooooo power ! you nutsen ! when yousa tink wesa in trouble ?!!!? obi - wan : power 's back . the light flicker on , revealing a ugly colo claw fish right in front of they . jar jar : monstair back ! the large colo claw fish be surprised and rear back . the sub turn around and speed away . jar jar : ( cont would ) wesa in trouble now ?? qui - gon : relax . qui - gon put he hand on jar jar 's shoulder . jar jar relax into a coma . obi - wan : you overdid it . the colo claw fish leap after the flee sub as it shoot out of the tunnel and into the wait jaw of the sando aqua monster . obi - wan ( cont would ) this be not good ! jar jar regains consciousness . jar jar : wesa dead yet ?? oie boie ! jar jar 's eye bulge , and he faint again . the sub narrowly avoid the deadly tooth of the aqua monster . the colo claw fish chase they be not so lucky . it be munched in half by the larger predator . the little sub slip away . qui - gon : head for that outcropping . ext . theed - MAIN road into theed - day ( fx ) the long column of the droid army move down the main road lead to theed , the naboo capital . ext . theed plaza - day ( fx ) as the queen watch helplessly from a window in the palace , a transport carry nute and rune land in theed Plaza . they exit the transport . nute : ah , victory ! int . naboo lake - underwater - sub ( fx ) the little sub continue to propel itself toward the surface , which be brightly light . jar jar : wesa dude it ! ext . theed - estuary - day paradise . billow cloud frame a romantic body of water . there be a loud rush of bubble , and a small sub bob to the surface . the current in the estuary begin to pull the sub backward into a fast move river . obi - wan switch off the two remain bubble canopy . qui - gon stand up to look around . jar jar let out a sigh of relief . jar jar : wesa safe now . qui - gon : get this thing start . jar jar : dissen berry good . hey ? obi - wan : what be it ? jar jar look back to where they be drift . he see they be head for a huge waterfall . jar jar : what !!?? oie boie ! obi - wan try to start the engine . the long prop behind the sub slowly begin to rotate . obi - wan struggle until finally , a few foot short of the waterfall , the sub start and be able to generate enough power to stop drift backward in the powerful current . the sub slowly move forward . in the background , qui - gon take a cable out of he belt . the engine cough and die . they start drift backward again . jar jar panic . jar jar : ( cont would ) iyiiyi , wesa die and here , hey ! qui - gon shoot the thin cable , and it wrap itself around a railing on the shore . the sub pull the cable taut , and the little craft hang precariously over the edge of the waterfall . qui - gon : come on ... obi - wan climb out of the sub and pull himself along the cable . qui - gon start in after he . qui -gon : ( cont would ) come on , jar jar . jar jar : no ! too scary ! obi - wan : get up here ! jar jar : no a mighty no ! jar jar look back and see he be hang over the waterfall . jar jar : ( cont would ) oie boie ... mesa comen . Mesa comen ! jar jar start to climb out of the sub . obi - wan be on shore and help to pull qui - gon out of the water . obi - wan : that be close . battle droid 3 b3 : ( o.s ) Drop you weapon ! the two jedi turn around to see a battle droid stand in front of they . jar jar climb up on shore between the jedi . battle droid 3 b3 : I say drop you weapon qui - gon ignites he laser sword , and in a brief flash , the droid be cut down by the jedi . a stray laser bolt hit the cable and the sub break lose , crash down the waterfall . the jedi move on . jar jar reluctantly follow and look back at the mess . jar jar : whoa !!! ext . theed - palace - day the waterfall of theed sparkle in the noonday sun . int . theed - palace throne room - day queen amidala , sio bibble , and five of her handmaiden ( eirtae , yane , padme , rabe , sache ) be surround by twenty droid . captain panaka and four naboo guard be also hold at gunpoint . nute and rune stand in the middle of the room . bibble : ...how will you explain this invasion to the Senate ? nute : the naboo and the federation will forge a treaty that will legitimize we occupation here . I have be assure it will be ratify by the Senate . amidala : I will not co-operate . nute : now , now , you highness . you be not go to like what we have in store for you people . in time , they suffer will persuade you to see we point of view . Commander . ( oom - 9 step forward ) process they . oom - 9 : yes , sir ! ( turn to he sergeant ) take they to Camp four . the sergeant march the group out of the throne room . ext . palace - plaza - day queen amidala , padme , eirta , yane , rabe , sache , captain panaka , sio bibble , and four guard be lead out of the palace by ten battle droid . the plaza be fill with tank and battle droid , which they pass on they way to the detention camp . unbeknownst to they , qui - gon , obi - wan , and jar jar sneak across on a walkway above the plaza and jump from a balcony to begin a attack to rescue the queen . four battle droid be instantly cut down . more droid move forward and be also cut down by the jedis ' flash lightsabre until there be only the droid sergeant leave . the sergeant start to run but be pull back to qui - gon by the Force , until finally he be dispatch by the jedi . jar jar : yousa guy bombad ! queen amidala and the other be amaze . jar jar be get use to this . they move between two building . qui - gon : you highness , we be the ambassador , for the Supreme chancellor . bibble : you negotiation seem to have fail , ambassador . qui - gon : the negotiation never take place . you highness , we must make contact with the republic . captain panaka step forward . capt . panaka : they have knock out all we communication . qui - gon : do you have transport ? capt . panaka : in the main hanger . this way . they disappear down a alleyway as the alarm be sound int . central hanger - hallway - day captain panaka crack open a side door to the central hanger . qui - gon look in over he shoulder . obi - wan , jar jar , and the rest of the group be behind he . they see several naboo spacecraft guard by about fifty battle droid . alarm can be hear in the distance . capt . panaka : there be too many of they . qui - gon : that will not be a problem . ( to amidala ) you highness , under the circumstance , isuggest you come to coruscant with we . amidala : thank you , ambassador , but my place be here with my people . qui - gon : they will kill you if you stay . bibble : they would not dare . capt . panaka : they need she to sign a treaty to make this invasion of theirs legal . they can not afford to kill she . qui - gon : the situation here be not what it seem . there be something else behind all this , you highness . there be no logic in the federation 's move here . my feeling tell I they will destroy you . bibble : please , you highness , reconsider . we only hope be for the Senate to side with we ... Senator palpatine will need you help . capt . panaka : get past they blockade be impossible , you highness . any attempt to escape will be dangerous . bibble : you highness , I will stay here and do what I can ... they will have to retain the Council of governor in order to maintain control . but you must leave ... the queen turn to padme and eirtae . amidala : either choice present a great risk ... to all of we ... padme : we be brave , you highness . qui - gon : if you be to leave , you highness , it must be now . amidala : then , I will plead we case before the senate. ( to bibble ) be careful , Governor . int . central hanger - day the door open to the main hanger . qui - gon , obi - wan , jar jar , captain panaka , two guard , and three handmaiden ( padme , eirtae , rabe ) , follow by queen amidala , head for a sleek chrome spacecraft . sio bibble , yane and sache stay behind . the handmaiden begin to cry . capt . panaka : we need to free that pilot . captain panaka point to twenty guard , ground crew , and pilot hold in a corner by six battle droid . obi - wan : I will take care of that . obi - wan head toward the group of capture pilot . qui - gon and the queen , captain panaka , jar jar , and the rest of the group approach the guard at the ramp of the naboo craft . guard droid : where be you go ? qui - gon : I be ambassador for the Supreme chancellor , and I be take that people to coruscant . droid guard : you be under arrest ! the droid guard draw he weapon , but before any of the droid can fire , they be cut down . other guard run to they aid . obi - wan attack the guard around the pilot . qui - gon stand , fight off droid as the other rush on board the spacecraft . obi - wan , the freed pilot ( include ric olie ) , guard and ground crew member rush on board the ship . the other pilot and guard race to sio bibblr . after everyone have make it onto the ship , qui - gonjump on board . alarm sound . more droid rush into the hanger and fire as the ship take off . ext . theed - hanger entry - day ( fx ) the ship exit the hanger . battle droid stand in the hanger shoot at they . ext . space ( fx ) the sleek spacecraft speed away from the planet of naboo and head for the deadly federation blockade . int . naboo spacecraft - cockpit the pilot , ric olie , navigate toward the massive battleship , qui - gon and captain panaka watch . ric olie : .... we communication be still jamme . int . naboo spacecraft - droid hold jar jar be lead into a low , cramped doorway by obi - wan . obi - wan : now stay here , and keep out of trouble . obi - wan close the door . jar jar look around and see a long row of five short , dome - top astro droid ( R - 2 unit ) . the all look alike , except for thier paint color , and they all seem to be shut down . jar jar : ello , boyos . ( no response ) disa wanna longo trip ...hey ? jar jar tap a bright red r-2 unit on the head , and its head pop up a bit . he let out a gasp as he lift the head . jar jar : ( cont would ) tis open ?... oooops ! many spring and thing come fly out . jar jar quickly close it again , very embarrassed . jar jar : ( cont would ) yoi ! just yoken ! ric olie : power back ! that little droid do it . he bypass the main power drive . deflector shield up , at maximum . the lone blue droid finish he repair and go back into the ship . the naboo spacecraft race away from the federation battleship . ric olie : there 's not enough power to get we to coruscant ... the hyperdrive be leak . qui - gon : we will have to land somewhere to refuel and repair the ship . qui - gon study a star chart on a monitor . obi - wan : here , master. tatooine ... it 's small , out of the way , poor ... the Trade federation have no presence there . capt . panaka : how can you be sure ? qui - gon : it 's control by the hutt ... capt . panaka : the hutt ?? obi - wan : it 's risky ... but there 's no alternative . capt . panaka : you can not take her Royal highness there ! the hutt be gangster ... if they discover she ... qui - gon : ... it would be no different than if we land on a system control by the federation ... except the hutt be not look for she , which give we a advantage . cpatain panaka take a deep breath in frustration . ext . space - naboo spacecraft ( fx ) the naboo spacecraft race away . int . federation battleship - conference room nute and rune sit around a conference table with a hologram of darth sidious . nute : we control all the city in the North and be search for any other settlement ... darth sidious : destroy all high -ranking official , viceroy ... slowly ... quietly . and Queen amidala , have she sign the treaty ? nute : she have disappear , my Lord . one naboo cruiser get pat the blockade . darth sidious : viceroy , find she ! I want that treaty sign . nute : my Lord , it 's impossible to locate the ship . it 's out of we range . darth sidious : ... not for a sith ... a second sith lord appear behind darth sidious . darth sidious : ( cont would ) ... viceroy , this be my apprentice . Lord maul . he will find you lose ship . nute : yes , my Lord . the hologram fade off . nute : ( cont would ) this be get out of hand ... now there be two of they . rune : we should not have make this bargain . what will happen when the jedi become aware of this sith lord ? int . naboo spacecraft - queen chamber qui - gon , obi - wan , captain panaka , and the little blue droid stand before queen amidala and she three handmaiden , padme , eirtae and rabe . capt . panaka : ... a extremely well put together little droid . without a doubt , it save the ship , as well as we life . amidala : it be to be commend ... what be its number ? the little blue droid let out a series of bleep . captain panaka lean over and scrape some dirt off of the side of the droid and read the number : capt . panaka : r2 - D2 , you highness . amidala : thank you , artoo detoo . you have prove to be very loyal ... padme ! padme bow before the queen . amidala : ( cont would ) clean this droid up the best you can . it deserve we gratitude ... ( to panaka ) continue , Captain . captain panaka look nervously to obi - wan and qui - gon . qui - gon : yor highness , we be head for a remote planet call tatooine . it be a system far beyond the reach of the Trade federation . there we will be able to make need repair , then travel on to coruscant . captain panaka : you highness , tatooine be very dangerous . it 's control by a alliance of gang call the hutt . I do not agree with the jedi on this . qui - gon : you must trust my judgement , you highness . amidala and padme exchange look . padme move next to the droid . int . naboo spacecraft - MAIN area padme sit in the Main Area , clean r2 - D2 , the brave little astra droid . jar jar pop out of a open door . jar jar : hidoe ! both padme and artoo jump and let out a little scream . the gungan be embarrassed that he frighten they . jar jar : ( cont would ) sorry , nomeanen to scare yousa . padme : that 's all right . jar jar : I scover oily back dare . needen it ? padme : thank you . this little guy be quite a mess . jar jar hand padme the oil can . jar jar : Mesa ja ja binkss ... padme : I be padme , I attend her highness , you be a gungan , be not you ? ( jar jar nod ) how do you end up here with we ? jar jar : I no know ... mesa day starten pitty okeyday witda brisky morning munchen . de boom .... getten berry skeer , un grab that jedi , and before mesa knowen it ... pow ! Mesa here . ( he shrug ) ... getten berry berry skeer . artoo beeps a sympathetic beep . int . anboo spacecraft - cockpit obi - wan , qui - gon , and captain panaka watch over ric olie be shoulder . a large yellow planet appear directly ahead . ric olie search he scope . obi - wan : tahyt 's it . tatooine . ric olie : there 's a settlement ... a spaceport , look like . qui - gon : land near the outskirt . we do not want to attract any attention . ext . tatooine - space ( fx ) the ship head toward the planet of tatooine . ext . tatooine - desert - naboo spacecraft - day ( fx ) the naboo spacecraft land in the desert in a swirl of dust . the spaceport of mos espa be see in the distance . ext . naboo spacecraft - MAIN area obi - wan be hoist the hyperdrive out of a floor panel . jar jar rush up to he and fall to he knee . jar jar : obi-wan , sire , pleeese , no mesa go ! obi - wan : sorry , qui- gon 's right . you will make thing less obvious . jar jar walk back to artoo in the hallway as qui - gon ( dress as a farmer ) enter the main area . obi - wan : ( cant would ) the hyperdrive generator be go . we will need a new one . qui - gon move closer to obi - wan and speak quietly to he . qui - gon : do not let they send ant transmission . be wary ... I sense a disturbance in the Force . obi - wan : I fall it also , master . qui - gon go into the hallway to meet up with artoo and jar jar . they head to the exit ramp . ext . tatooine - desert - spaceship - day they start they trek across the desert toward the city of mos espa . in the distance , a strange look caravan make its way toward the spaceport . jar jar : dis sun doen murder tada skin . from the spaceship , captain panaka and padme run toward they . capt . panaka : wait ! qui - gon stop as they catch up . padme be dress in rough peasant 's garb . capt . panaka : ( cont would ) her highness command you to take she handmaiden with you . she wish for she to observe the local ... qui - gon : no more command from her highness today , Captain . this spaceport be not go to be pleasant ... capt . panaka : the Queen wish it . she be curious about this planet . padme : I have be train in defense ... I can take care of myself . capt . panaka : do not make I go back and tell she you refuse . qui - gon : I do not have time to argue . but this be not a good idea . stay close to I . he give padme a stern look . ext . mos espa - STREET - day the little group walk down the main street of mos espa . they pass dangerous look citizen of all type . padme look around in awe at this exotic enviroment . qui - gon : ... moisture farm for the most part , but also a few indigenous tribe and scavenger . the few spaceport like this one be haven for that who do not wish to be find ... padme : .... like we . jar jar be in a constant state of panic . artoo whistle along , with perfect confidence . jar jar : dissen berry berry bad . ( step in ooze ) ooooh...icky...icky ...goo . ext . mos espa - junk dealer plaza - day the group come to a little plaza surround by several junk spaceship dealer . qui - gon : we will try one of the smaller dealer . they head for a little junk shop that have a huge pile of break spaceship stack up behind it . int . watto' junk shop - day qui - gon , jar jar , padme , and artoo enter the dingy junk shop and be greet by watto , a pudgy blue alien who fly on short little wing like a hummingbird . watto : ( subtitle ) hi chuba da naga ? ( what do you want ? ) qui - gon : I need part for a j-type 327 nubian . watto : ah yes , ah yes . nubian . we have lot of that . what kinda junk ? ( subtitle ) peedenkel ! naba dee unko ( Boy , get in here ! now ! ) qui - gon : my droid here have a readout of what I need . a dishevel boy , anakin skywalker , run in from the junk yard . he be about nine year old , very dirty , and dress in rag . watto raise a hand , and anakin flinch . watto : ( subtitle ) coona tee-tocky malia ? ( what take you so long ? ) anakin : ( subtitle ) mel tassa cho-passa ... ( I be clean the bin like you ... ) watto : ( subtitle ) chut - chut ! ganda doe wallya . ( never mind ! watch the store ) I dwana no bata . ( I have get some sell to do here . ) ( to gui- gon ) soooo , let I take - a thee out back . ni you will find what you need . artoo and qui - gon follow watto toward the junk yard , leave jar jar with padme and the young boy anakin . jar jar pick up a gizmo , try to figure out its purpose . qui - gon take the part out of he hand and put it back . qui - gon : do not touch anything . jar jar make a rude face to qui - gon 's back and stick out he long tongue . anakin sit on the counter , pretend to clean a part , stare at padme . she be the most beautiful creaure he have ever see in he life . padme be a little embarrassed by he stare , but she muster up a amused smile . finally , he get the courage to speak . anakin : be you a angel ? padme : what ? anakin : a angel . I have hear the deep space pilot talk about they . they live on the moon of iego I thimk . they be the most beautiful creature in the universe . they be good and kind , and so pretty they make even the most harden spice pirate cry . padme look at he , not know what to say . padme : I have never hear of angel . anakin : you must be one ... maybe you just do not know it . padme : you be a funny little boy . how do you know so much ? anakin : since I be very little , three , I think . my Mom and I be sell to gardulla the Hutt , but she lose we , betting on the podrace , to watto , who 's a lot better master than gardulla , I think . padme : you're ... a slave ? anakin look at padme defiantly . anakin : I be a person ! my name be anakin . padme : I be sorry . I do not fully understand . ( look around ) this be a strange world to I . anakin study she intently . anakin : you be a strange girl to I . jar jar push the nose on what appear to be a little droid , and it instantly come to life , grow leg and arm , and start march around , knock over everything . jar jar hold on but can not stop it . anakin : ( cont would ) hit the nose ! jar jar hit the nose , and the droid collapse back into its original state . anakin and padme laugh . anakin watch padme straighten she hair . ext . watto' junk yard - behind shop - day watto read a small portable monitor he be hold . he stand before a hyperdrive . watto : ... here it be ...a T - 14 hyperdrive generator !! thee in luck , I be the only one hereabout who have one ... but thee might as well buy a new ship . it would be cheaper , I think ... sying of which , how 's thee go to pay for all this ? qui - gon : I have 20,000 Republic datary . watto : Republic credit ?!? Republic credit be no good out here . I need something more real ... qui - gon : I do not have anything else . ( raise he hand ) but credit will do fine . watto : no they will n'ta . qui - gon , use he mind power , wave he hand again . qui - gon : credit will do fine . watto : no , they will n'ta . what you think you be some kinda jedi , wave you hand around like that ? I be a toydarian . mind trick do n'ta work on I - only money . no money , no part ! no deal ! and no one else have a T - 14 hyperdrive , I promise you that . int . watto' junk shop - day jar jar pull a part out of a stack of part to inspect it , and they all come tumblimg down . he struggle to catch they , only to knock more down . anakin and padme be oblivious . anakin : ... would not have last long if I be not so good at fix thing . I be make my own droid ... qui - gon hurry into the shop , follow by artoo . qui - gon : we be leave . jar jar follow qui - gon . padme give anakin a loving look . padme : I be glad I meet you , ....ah ... anakin : ... anakin . padme : anakin . anakin : anakin skywalker . padme : padme naberrie . padme turn , and anakin look sad as he watch she leave . anakin : I be glad I meet you too . watto enter the junk yard , shaking he head . watto : ( subtitle ) ootmian ! tinka I chasa hopoe mar booty to nolia . ( outlander ! they think because we live so far from the center , we do not know nothing . ) anakin : ( subtitle ) La lova num botaffa . ( they seem nice to I . ) watto : ( subtitle ) fweepa niaga . tolpa da bunky dunko . ( clean the rack , then you can go home . ) anakin let out a " yipee " and run out the back . ext . mos espa - STREET - alcove - day qui - gon , artoo , jar jar , and padme have find a quiet spot between two building . the busy street beyond be fill with dangerous look creature . qui - gon be talk on he com-link , while jar jar nervously watch the street . obi - wan be in the main hold of the naboo craft . qui - gon : ... obi- Wan , you be sure there be not anything of value leave on board ? obi - wan : ( v.o ) a few container of supplies , the Queen 's wardrobe , maybe . not enough for you to barter with . not in the ammount you be talk about . qui - gon : all right . another solution will present itself . I will check back . qui - gon put he comlink away and start out into the main street . jar jar grab he arm . jar jar : noah gain ... da being hereabout cawazy . wesa be rob un crunch . qui - gon : not likely . we have nothing of value , that 's we problem . ext . mos espa - STREET - market - day qui - gon , padme , jar jar , and artoo move out into the street . jar jar be walk behind the other . they walk by a outdoor cafe fill with a rough gang of alien , one of which be especially ugly , sebulba , a spider - like creature . jar jar stop for a moment in front of a stall sell dead frog hang on a wire . he look around to see if anyone be looknig , then stick out he tongue , and get hold of one , pull it into he mouth . unfortunately , the frog be tie tightly to the wire . the vendor suddenly appear . vendor : hey , that will be seven trugut !! jar jar open he mouth in surprise , and the frog snap away , ricochet around the market , and land in sebulba 's soup , splash he . as jar jar move away from the vendor , sebulba jump up on the table and grab the hapless gungan . sebulba : ( subtitle ) chuba !! ( you ! ! ) jar jar : who , mesa ?? sebulba : ( subtitle ) ni chuba to ?? ( be this yours ? ? ) sebulba hold the frog up to the gungan threateningly . several other creature start to gather . sebulba shove jar jar to the ground . the gungan desperately try to scramble to safety . jar jar : ( to himself ) why mesa always da one ?? anakin : ( v.o ) because you be afraid . jar jar turn to see anakni push he way next to he . the boy stand up to sebulba in a very self - assure way . anakin : ( subtitle ) chess ko , sebulba ... coo wolpa tooney rana . ( careful , sebulba ... this one 's very connect . ) sebulba stop he assault on jar jar and turn to anakin . sebulba : ( subtitle ) tooney rana nu pratta dunko , shag . ( connect ?? whada you mean , slave ? ) anakin : ( subtitle ) oh da Hutt ... cha porko ootman geesa ... I teesa rodda co pana pee choppa chawa . ( as in Hutt ... big time outlander , this one ... I would hate to see you dice before we race again . ) sebulba : ( subtitle ) neek I chowa , wermo , mo killee mar klounkee ( next time we race , wermo , it will be the end of you ! ) una noto will shag , I wompity du pom pom . ( if you be not a slave , I would squash you right now . ) sebulba turn away . anakin : ( subtitle ) eh , chee bana do mullee rarr . ( yeah , it would be a pity if you have to pay for I . ) qui - gon , padme and artoo arrive . anakin : ( cont would ) hi ! you buddy here be about to be turn into orange goo . he pick a fight with a dug . a especially dangerous dug call sebulba . jar jar : nosir , nosir . Mesa hate crunchen . dat 's da last ting mesa wanten . qui - gon : nevertheless , the boy be right ... you be head for trouble . thank you , my young friend . padme look at anakinb and smile ; he smile back . they start walk down the crowded street . jar jar : Mesa doen nutten ! anakin : fear attract the fearful . he be try to overcome he fear by squashing you ... be less afraid . padme : and that work for you . anakin : to a point . ( he smile ) ext . tatooine - desert - spaceship - day obi - wan stand in front of the naboo spacecraft as the wind pick up and begin to whip at he robe . captain panaka exit the ship and join he . obi - wan : this storm 's go to slow they down . capt . panaka : it look pretty bad . we would better seal the ship . captain panaka be comlink sound off . capt . panaka : ( cont would ) yes ? capt . panaka : we will be right there . ext . mos espa - STREET - fruit stand - day anakin and the group stop at a fruit stand run by a jolly , but very poor , old lady name jira . anakin : how be you feel today , jira ? jira : the heat 's never be kind to I , you know , Annie ! anakin : guess what ? I have find that cool unit I have be search for . it 's pretty beat up , but I will have it fix up for you in no time , I promise . jira : you be a fine boy , Annie . anakin : I will take four pally today . ( to padme ) you will like this ... anakin reach in he pocket and come up with three coin . he drop one . qui - gon pick it up , revealing for a moment , he lightsabre . anakin : ( cont would ) whoops , I think I have more ... make thgat three , I be not hungry . the wind pick up . shop owner be start to close up they shop as jira give they they pally . jira : gracious , my bone be aching ... storm 's come on , Annie . you would better get home quick . anakin : ( to qui - gon ) do you have shelter ? qui - gon : we will hed back to we ship . anakin : be it far ? padme : on the outskirt . anakin : you will never reach the outskirt in time ... sandstorm be very , very dangerous . come with I . hurry ! the group follow anakin as he rush down the windy street . ext . mos espa - slave quarter - STREET - sandstorm - day the wind be blow hard as qui - gon , jar jar , and padme follow anakin down the street and into a slave hovel . int . anakin be hovel - MAIN room - day qui - gon , jar jar , artoo , and padme enter a small live space . anakin : Mom ! Mom ! I be home . jar jar : dissen cozy . anakin 's mother , shmi skywalker , a warm , friendly woman of forty , enter from she work area and be startle to see the room full of people . shmi : oh , my !! Annie , what 's this ? anakin : this be my friend , Mom . this be padme , and ... gee , I do not know any of you name . qui - gon : I be qui- gon jinn , and this be jar jar bink . artoo let out a little beep . padme : ...and we droid , artoo - detoo . anakin : I be building a droid . you wanna see ? shmi : anakin ! why be they here ? anakin : a sandstorm , mom. listen . the wind howl outside . qui - gon : you son be kind enough to offer we shelter . anakin : come on ! let I show you threepio ! anakin lead padme into the other room . artoo follow , beep all the way . qui - gon take five small capsule from he utility belt and hand they to shmi . qui - gon : I have enough food for a meal . shmi : oh , tank you . thank you so much . I be sorry if I be abrupt . I will never get use to anakin 's surprise . qui - gon : he 's a very special boy . shmi look at he as if he 's discover a secret . shmi : yes , I know . int . anakin be hovel - bedroom - day anakin show off he android , which be lie on he workbench . there be one eye in the head ; the body , arm , and leg have no outer covering . anakin : be not he great ?! he 's not finish yet . padme : he 's wonderful ! anakin : you reall like he ? he 's a protocol droid ... to help mom. watch ! anakin push a switch , and the droid sit up . anakin rush around , grab a eye and put it in one of the socket . threepio : how do you do , I be see -threepio , human cyborg Relations . how might I serve you ? padme : he 's perfect . anakin : when the storm be over , you can see my racer . I be building a podracer ! padme smile at he enthusiasm . artoo let out a flurry of beep and whistle . threepio : I beg you pardon .... what do you mean I be naked ? artoo beeps threepio : ( cont would ) my part be show ? oh , my goodness . how embarrassing ! int . naboo spacecraft - queen chamber amidala , eirtae , rabe , and obi - wan watch a very bad transmission of a sio bibble hologram . bibble : ... cut off all food supplies until you return ... the death toll be catastrophic ... we must bow to they wish , you highness ... please tell we what to do ! if you can hear we , you highness , you must contact I ... amidala look upset ... almost nervous . obi - wan : it 's a trick . send no reply ... send no transmission of any kind . int . anakin be hovel - MAIN room - day qui - gon listen to he comlink . obi - wan be in the cockpit . obi - wan : ... the Queen be upset ... but absolutly no reply be send . qui - gon : it sound like bait to establish a connection trace . obi - wan : what if it be true and the people be die ? qui - gon : either way , we be run out of time . ext . coruscant - balcony overlooking CITY - night darth sidious and darth maul look out over the vast city . darth maul : tatooine be sparsely populate . if the trace be correct , I will find they quickly , master . darth sidious : move against the jedi first ... you will then have no difficulty take the Queen back to naboo , where she will sign the treaty . darth maul : at last we will reveal ourselves to the jedi . at last we will have revenge . darth sidious : you have be well train , my young apprentice , they will be no match for you . it be too late for they to stop we now . everything be go as plan . the Republic will soon be in my command . the hologram of darth maul fade off as darth sidious look out over the city . ext . mos espa - sandstorm - day the giant sandstorm engulf the town , include the naboo spaceship on the outskirt of the city center , where watto 's ship be ; and the slave quarter , where drift of sand begin building up against anakin 's house . int . anakin be hovel - MAIN room - day qui - gon , anakin , shmi , jar jar , and padme be seat around a makeshift table , have dinner as the wind howl outside . jar jar slurp he soup rather loudly . everyone look at he . he turn a little brighter red . shmi : all slave have transmitter place inside they body somewhere . anakin : I have be work on a scanner to try and locate they , but no luck . shmi : any attempt to escape ... anakin : ...and they blow you up ... poof ! padme and jar jar be horrify . jar jar : how wude . padme : I can not believe there be still slavery in the galaxy . the Republic 's anti-slavery law ... shmi : the Republic do not exist out here ... we must survive on we own . a awkward silence . anakin attempt to end the embarrassment . anakin : have you ever see a podrace ? padme shake she head no . she notice the concern of shmi . jar jar snatch some food from a bowl at the other end of the table with he tongue . qui - gon give he a dirty look . qui - gon : they have podrace on malastare . very fast , very dangerous . anakin : I be the only human who can do it . shmi look askance at she son . anakin : ( cont would ) Mom , what ? I be not brag . it 's true . watto say he 's never hear of a human do it . qui - gon : you must have jedi reflex if you race pod . anakin smile . jar jar attempt to snare another bit of food from the bowl with he tongue , but qui - gon , in a flash , grab it between he thumb and forefinger . jar jar be startle . qui - gon : ( cont would ) do not do that again . jar jar try to acknowledge with some silly mumble . qui - gon let go of the tongue , and it snap back into jar jar 's mouth . anakin : I ... I be wonder ... something ... qui - gon : what ? anakin : well , ahhh ... you be a jedi knight , be not you ? qui - gon : what make you think that ? anakin : I see you laser sword . only jedi carry that kind of weapon . qui - gon lean back and slowly smile . qui - gon : perhaps I kill a jedi and steal it from he . anakin : I do not think so ... no one can kill a jedi knight . qui - gon : I wish that be so ... anakin . I have a dream I be a jedi . I come back here and freed all the slave ... have you come to free we ? qui - gon : no , I be afraid not ... anakin : I think you have ... why else would you be here ? qui - gon think for a moment . qui - gon : I can see there 's no fool you ... ( lean forward ) you must not let anyone know about we ... we be on we way to coruscant , the central system in the Republic , on a very important mission , and it must be keep secret . anakin : coruscant ...wow ...how do you end up here in the outer rim ? padme : we ship be damage , and we be strand here until we can repair it . anakin : I can help ! I can fix anything ! qui - gon : I believe you can , but we first job be to aquire the part we need ... jar jar : wit no - nutten mula to trade . padme : this junk dealer must have a weakness of some kind . shmi : gambling . everything here revolve around betting on that awful race . qui - gon : podrace ... greed can be a powerful ally .. if it 's use properly . anakin : I have build a racer ! it 's the fastest ever ... there 's a big race tomorrow , on boonta Eve . you could enter my pod . it 's all but finish ... shmi : anakin , settle down . watto will not let you ... anakin : watto do not know I have build it . ( to qui- gon ) you could make he think it 's you 's , and you could get he to let I pilot it for you . qui - gon look to shmi . she be upset . shmi : I do not want you to race , Annie ... it 's awful . I die every time watto make you do it . anakin : but Mom , I love it ... and they need help ... they be in trouble . the prize money would more than pay for the part they need . jar jar : wesa ina pitty bad goo . gui - gon : you mother 's right . be there anyone friendly to the Republic who might be able to help we ? shmi shake she head no . anakin : we have to help they , Mom ... you say that the biggest problem in the universe be no one help each other ... shmi : anakin , do not ... jar jar belch . there be silence for a moment as they eat . padme : I be sure qui-gon do not want to put you son in danger . we will find another way ... shmi : no , Annie 's right , there be no other way ... I may not like it , but he can help you ... he be mean to help you . anakin : be that a yes ? that be a yes ! the storm continue to rage outside the slave hovel . ext . mos espa - junk dealer plaza - day the storm have pass . vendor and STREET people clean up the mess and rebuild they food stall . jar jar sit on a box in front of watto 's part shop , watch all the activity with grow nervousness . artoo be stand next to he . padme stop qui - gon as he be about to enter the shop . padme : be you sure about this ? trusting we fate to a boy we hardly know . the Queen will not approve . qui - gon : the Queen do not need to know . padme : well , I do not approve . qui - gon turn and start into the shop . int . watto' junk shop - day watto and anakin be in the middle of a animated discussion in huttese . watto : patta go bolla ! ankain : no batta ! watto : pedunky . maa kee cheelya . anakin : bayno , bayno ! qui - gon walk in , and watto and anakin join he . watto : the boy tell I you wanta sponser hi insa race . you can not afford part . how can you do this ? not on Republic credit , I think . ( he laugh ) qui - gon : my ship will be the entry fee . qui - gon pull a small object that look like a watch out of he pocket , and a hologram of the naboo spacecraft appear about a foot long in front of watto . he study it . watto : not bad ... not bad ... a nubian . qui - gon : it 's in good order , except for the part we need . watto : ... but what would the boy ride ? he smashed up my pod in the last race . it will take some time to fix it . anakin be embarrassed and step forward . anakin : ahhhh .... it be not my fault really ... sebulba flashed I with he vent port . I actually save the pod ... mostly . watto : ( laugh ) that you do . the boy be good , no doubt there . qui - gon : I have ... acquire a pod in a game of chance . " the fastest ever build . " watto : I hope you do not kill anyone I know for it . ( laugh ) so , you supply the pod and the entry fee ; I supply the boy . we split the winning fifty - fifty , I think . qui - gon : fifty-fifty !?! if it 's go to be fifty - fifty , I suggest you front the cash for the entry . if we win , you keep all the winning , minus the cost of the part I need ... if we lose , you keep my ship . watto think about this . anakin try not to be nervous . qui - gon : ( cont would ) either way , you win . watto : ( subtitle ) deal ! yo bana pee ho - tah , meedee ya . ( you friend be a follish one , methink . ) ext . naboo spacecraft - tatooine desert - day obi - wan stand outside the naboo spacecraft , speak into he comlink . qui - gon be on the back porch of the hovel . obi - wan : what if this plan fail , master ? we could be stick here for a long time . qui - gon : ( v.o ) a ship without a power supply will not get we anywhere , and there be something about this boy ... ext mos espa - slave quarter - porch - day qui - gon put the comlink away as shmi come onto the porch padme , anakin , jar jar , and artoo work on the engine of the podracer in the courtyard below . qui - gon : you should be proud of you son . he give without any think of reward . shmi : he know nothing of greed . he have ... qui - gon : he have special power . shmi : yes ... qui - gon : he can see thing before they happen . that 's why he appear to have such quick reflex . it be a jedi trait . shmi : he deserve better than a slave 's life . qui - gon : the Force be unusally strong with he , that much be clear . who be he father ? shmi : there be no father , that I know of ... I carry he , I give he birth ... I can not explain what happen . can you help he ? qui - gon : I be afraid not . have he be bear in the Republic , we would have identify he early , and he would have become jedi , no doubt ... he have the way . but it 's too late for he now , he 's too old . ext . mos espa - slave quarter - back yard - day kitster ( a young boy about anakin 's age ) , seek ( a boy of ten ) , amee ( a girl of six ) , and wald ( a greedo type , six year old ) join anakin , jar jar , artoo , and padme secure some wiring . anakin : padme and jar jar , this be my friend kitster , and seek , amee , and wald . all whistle , hoot , and speak a greeting . kitster : wow , a real astro droid ... how would you get so lucky ? anakin : this be not the half of it . I be enter in the boonta Race tomorrow ! kitster : what ? with this ?? wald : ( subtitle ) Annie , jesko to joka . 9 you be such a joke , Annie . ) amee : you have be work on that thing for year . it 's never go to run . seek : come on , let 's go play ball . keep it up , Annie , and you be gonna be bug squash . seek , wald , and amee take off , laugh . jar jar be fiddling with one of the energy binder plate . anakin : hey ! jar jar ! stay away from that energy binder ... jar jar : who , mesa ? anakin : if you hand get catch in that beam , it will go numb for hour . jar jar peek at the energy plate ; it make a little electronic pop , zap he in the mouth and jump back . jar jar try to say something , but he mouth be numb and he word be garble . jar jar : ouch -dat muy bigo oucho . ( gibberish ) kitster : but you do not even know if this thing will run . anakin : it will . qui - gon approach the group and give anakin a small battery . jar jar get he hand catch in the afterburner and try to tell anakin , but can not get word out that make sense . qui - gon : I think it 's time we find out . use this power charge . anakin : yes , sir !! anakin jump into the little capsule behind the two giant engine . he put the power pack back into the dashboard . everyone back away , except for jar jar who call for help . finally padme frees he and the engine ignite with a roar . everyone cheer . ext . mos espa - slave quarter - porch - day shmi , watch from the porch , smile sadly . ext . slave quarter - balcony - night anakin sit on the balcony rail of he hovel as qui - gon tend to a cut . the boy lean back to look at the vast blanket of star in the sky . qui - gon : sit still , Annie . let I clean this cut . anakin : there be so many ! do they all have a system of planet ? qui - gon : most of they . anakin : have anyone be to they all ? qu-ig0n : ( laugh ) not likely . anakin : I want to be the first one to see they all ... ouch ! qui - gon wipe a patch of blood off anakin be arm . qui - gon : there , good as new ... shmi yell from inside the hovel . shmi : ( o.s. ) Annie , bedtime ! qui - gon scrape anakin 's blood onto a comlink chip . anakin : what be you do ? qui - gon : check you blood for infection . anakin : I have never see ... shmi : ( o.s. ) Annie ! I be not go to tell you again ! qui - gon : go on , you have a big day tomorrow . ( beat ) goodnight . anakin roll he eye and run into the hovel . qui - gon take the blood stain chip and insert it into the comlink , then call obi - wan . qui - gon : ( cont would ) obi-wan ... obi - wan : yes , master . qui - gon : make a analysis of this blood sample I be send you . obi - wan : wait a minute ... qui - gon : I need a midi-chlorian count . obi - wan : all right . I have get it . qui - gon : what be you reading ? obi - wan : something must be wrong with the transmission . qui - gon : here 's a signal check . obi - wan : strange . the transmission seem to be in good order , but the read 's off the chart ... over twenty thousand . qui - gon : ( almost to himself ) that 's it then . obi - wan : even master yoda do not have a midi-chlorian count that high ! qui - gon : no jedi have . obi - wan : what do it mean ? qui - gon : I be not sure . the jedi knight look up and see shmi in the doorway watch he . embarrass , she go back into the kitchen while qui - gon ponder the situation . ext . tatooine - desert mesa - night the sinister look sith spacecraft land on top of a desert mesa at dus , scatter a herd of banthas . darth maul walk to the edge of the mesa and study the landscape with a pair of electrobinoculars . he pick out the light of three different city in the distance , then push button on he electronic armband . six football - size probe droid float out of the ship and head off in three different direction toward the city . darth maul stand on the mesa and watch they through he electrobinoculars . ext . mos espa - slave quarter - porch - sunrise padme exit the hovel . ext . mos espa - slave quarter - back yard - sunrise as the twin sun rise , artoo be busy painting the racing pod. anakin be asleep . padme pass artoo . padme : I hope you be about finish . artoo whistle a positive reply . padme see kitster riding toward they on a eopie , a strange camel - lile creature . he be lead a second eopie behind he . padme go over to anakin . he look very vulnerable as he sleep . she watch he , then touch he on the cheek . anakin wake up , yawn , and look at she , a little puzzle . anakin : you be in my dream ... you be lead a huge army into battle . padme : I hope not ; I hate fight . you mother want you to come in and clean up . we have to leave soon . anakin stand up and stretch just as kitster arrive . anakin : hook them up , kitster . ( to padme ) I will not be long . where 's qui-gon ? padme : he and jar jar leave already . they be with watto at the arena . ext . mos espa - arena - MAIN hanger - day race crews mill about outside the Main hanger . int . mos espa - arena - MAIN hanger - day the hanger be a large building with a dozen or so podracer be readied for the race . alien crews and pilot rush about , make last minute fix on they vehicle . watto , qui - gon , and jar jar walk through the activity . watto : ... I want to see you spaceship the moment the race be over . qui - gon : patienc , my blue friend . you will have you winning before the sun set , and we will be far away from here . watto : not if you ship belong to I , I think ... I warn you , no funny business . qui - gon : you do not think anakin will win ? watto stop before a orange racer . sitting to one side , have he shoulder and neck massage by twin yobanas , be sebulba . watto : do not get I wrongo . I have great faith in the boy . he 's a credit to you race , but sebulba there be go to win , I think . qui - gon : why ? watto : he always win . ( laugh ) I be betting heavily on sebulba . qui - gon : I will take that bet . watto : ( suddenly stop laugh ) what ??!! what do you mean ? qui - gon : I will wager my new racing pod against ...say ... the boy and he mother . watto : a pod for slave . I do not think so ... well , poerhap . just one ... the mother , maybe ... the boy be not for sale . qui - gon : the boy be small , he can not be worth much . watto shake he head . qui - gon : ( cont would ) for the fastest pod ever build ?! watto shake he head again . qui - gon : ( cont would ) both , or no bet . watto : no pod 's worth two slave ... not by a long shot ... one slave or nothing . qui - gon : the boy , then ... watto pull out a small cube from he pocket . watto : we will let fate decide . Blue it 's the boy , red he mother ... watto toss the cube down . qui - gon lift he hand slightly ; it turn blue . qui - gon smile . watto be angry . watto : ( cont would ) you win the small toss , outlander , bou you will not win the race , so ... it make little difference . anakin and padme enter the hanger on one of the eopies , pull a engine . kitster , on the other eopie , be pull another engine . with threepio walk alongside , artoo trundle behind , pull the pod with shmi sit on it . watto pass anakin as he leave . watto : ( cont would ) ( subtitle ) bonapa keesa pateeso , of wanna meetee chobodd . ( better stop you friend betting , or I will end up own he , too . ) watto walk off , laugh . anakin : what do he mean by that ? qui - gon : I will tell you later . artoo beep at threepio . threepio : oh my ! Space travel sound rather perilous . artoo emit a series of beep . threepio : I can assure you they will never get I onto one of that dreadful starship ! kitster : ( to anakin ) this be so wizard ! I be sure you will do it this time , Annie . padme : do what ? kitster : finish the race , of course ! padme : you have never win a race ? anakin : well ... not exactly ... padme : not even finish ?! anakn look sheepish . anakin : ... but kitster 's right , I will this time . qui - gon : of course you will . ext . mos espa - STREET - day one of darth maul 's probe droid slowly float down the main street of tatooine . it look in shop and study people as it search for obi - wan , QI - gon , or the queen . ext . mos espa - desert race arena - day a extreme high wide angle reveal a vast arena in the tatooine desert . a large semi-circular amphitheatre that hold at least a hundred thousand people dominate the landscape . large view platform loom over the racetrack . int . mos espa - arena announcer be BOX - day ( fx ) a two -headed announcer describe the scene . fode / beed : - a : toogi ! toogie ! ( greeting ) toong mee cha kulkah du boonta magi ! tah oos azalus ooval poddrace . ( we have perfect weather today for the boonta classic . the most hazardous of all podrace . ) B : that 's absolutly right . and a big turnout here , from all corner of the Outer rim territory . I see the contestant be make they way out onto the start grid . ext . mos espa - desert race arena - day on the leave side of the track across from the grandstand , a line of podracer emerge from the large hanger , surround by several crew member . pod be pull by a wide variety of creature and be lead by alien carry flag . the pilot stand face the royal box . fode / beed : - ( o.s ) a : La yma beestoo ( yes , there they be ! ) B : I see Ben quadinaros from the tund system . a : ...eh gasgano doowa newpa ord petrovia ! ( and gasgano in thenew ord pedrovia . ) B : two time winner , bole roor ... a : poo tula moosta , woe grane champio sebulba du pixelito ! splastyleeya bookie ookie !! ( on the front line the reign champion , sebulba from pixelito . by far the favorite today . ) B : and a late entry , anakin skywalker , a local boy . a : wampa peedunkee unko ( I hope he have better luck this time . ) B : I see the flagger be move onto the track . ext . mos espa - arena - grandstand - day colorful canopy shade some of the spectator . vendor sell barbecue creature part and colorful drink . ext . mos espa - arena - royal BOX - day ( fx ) all the pilot bow from the waist as jabba the hutt enter the box and wave to the crowd . fode / beed : - a : o grandio lust , jabba du Hutt , amu intoe tah parena . ( his honor , we glorious host , jabba the Hutt have enter the arena . ) the crowd roar . several other slug -like hutt follow , along with human and alien . several slave girl on a chain be lead alongside jabba . jabba : ( subtitle ) chowbaso ! Tam ka chee boonta rulee ya , kee madda hodrudda du wundee . ( welcome ! ) sebulba tuta pixelito ... ext . mos espa - arena - starting grid - day sebulba , who be right next to anakin , stand and wave to he fan . a small pep band play as he fan wave and cheer . kitster attaches the giant engins to anakin 's pod with a long cable . shmi give anakin a big hug and kiss . she look he right in the eye . shmi : be safe . anakin : I will , Mom . I promise . she leave as anakin check the cable hitches . jabba : ... mawhonic tuta hok , teemto pagaly tuta moonus Mandel , anakin skywalker tuta tatoonine .... the crowd yell . anakin wave to the crowd , as jabba continue with he introduction . sebulba move over to one of anakin 's engine . kitster and jar jar unhitch the eopies , and kitster lead they away . artoo beep that everything be ok . jar jar pat anakin on the back . jar jar : dis berry loony , Annie . May da gud be kind , mesa palo . padme come up and give anakin a little kiss on the cheeek . sebulba bang on a part protrude from anakin 's engine . he look around to see if anyone have notice . padme : you carry all we hope . anakin : I will not let you down . padme move away as sebulba edge he way next to anakin and give he a sinister grin . sebulba : bazda wahota , shag . dobiella nok. yoka to bantha poodoo . 9 you will not walk away from this one , slave scum ! you be bantha poodoo . ) anakin : ( subtitle ) cha skrundee da pat , sleemo . ( do not count on it , slime - ball . ) anakin look the evil sebulba in the eye with a cold stare . qui - gon approach , and sebulba back off toward he racer . jabba : ( sutitle ) ... ka bazza kundee hodrudda ! ( ... let the challenge begin ! ) the crowd let out a loud cheer . qui - gon help anakin into he pod . the boy strap himself into the tiny racer . qui - gon : be you all set , Annie ? ( anakin nod ) remember , concentrate on the moment . feel . do not think . trust you instinct . ( he smile ) May the Force be with you . qui - gon step away as anakin put on he goggle . the pilot flip switch , and powerful energy binder shoot between the engine . anakin flip a switch , and he engine start . the incredible roar of high - power engine ignite echoe throughout the arena . one driver , ody mandrell , yell at a droid ( dum - 4 ) to get away from the front of he engine . the crowd be tense . ext . mos espa - arena - starting grid - day the giant power-house engine torque as the pilot gun they . the pilot flip switch , and poerful energy binder shoot between the engine . alien carry large flag move off the track . jar jar cover he eye . jar jar : Mesa no watch . dissen ganna be messy ! fode / beed : - a : ya pawa culka doe rundee ! ( the power coupling be be activate ) B : hey , it look like they be clear the grid . ext . mos espa - arena - viewing platform - day shmi look nervously to qui - gon as he enter a veiw platform . padme and jar jar be already on board . the platform rise like a elevator . shmi : be he nervous ? qui - gon : he 's fine . padme : you jedi be far too reckless . the Queen ... qui - gon : the Queen trust my judgment , young handmaiden . you should too . padme : you assume too much . ext . mos espa - arena announcer be BOX - day ( fx ) fode / beed : - B : start you engine . the earth -pound roar of the engine revving be deafen . ext . mos espa - arena - royal BOX - day ( fx ) jabba bite off the head of a frog and spit it at a go , signal the start of the race . ext . mos espa - arena - starting grid - day on a bridge over the track , a great green light at the center flash . the podracer shoot forward with a high -pitch scream . anakin be engine flood and cough - then die . all the other podracer except one swerve around he and dissapear down the track . the slave boy struggle to get he racer start . the two -headed announcer report . fode / beed : - ( o.s. ) a : a dare ovv ! ( and they be off ! ) B : oh ...wait. Little skywalker have stall . padme and jar jar be very dissapoint with anakin . qui - gon put he arm around a very worried shmi to comfort she . finally , anakin 's engine ignite . he zoom away after the receed pack of competitor , leave one quadra - pod racer still try to get start . the two -headed announcer describe the race as it progress . fode / beed : - ( o.s. ) B : and there go skywalker ... he will be hard press to catch up with the leader today . ext . mos espa - racetrack - day ( fx ) the podracer fly across the desert . sebulba be run neck and neck with mawhonic . they round the first turn in the track , side by side . sebulba drive he pod into he rival , force he into the wall of a large rock formation . mawhonic crash in a spectacular display of fire and smoke . anakin be much faster than the back - end straggler and pass they easily . one of the driver , gasgano , will not let anakin by . anakin try to pass he on one side and be cut off . he then try to pass he on the other side ansd be cut off . as they come up on a cliff drop-off , anakin back off , then gun it as gasgano go over the cliff . anajin accelerate so fast that he sail right over the top of gasgano and speed away . four tusken raider perch above the race course fire they rifle at the pod racing in the canyon below they . one shot ricochet off the back of anakin 's pod . fode / beed : - B : look like a few tusken riader have campe out on the canyon dune turn . ext . mos espa - arena - viewing platform - day jabba the hutt and the crowd watch the progress of the race on small , hand -held view screen . jar jar be look over the shoulder of a strange alien name fanta . jar jar : where 's skywalker ? fanta move the view screen out of jar jar 's view . padme , shmi , and qui - gon watch another screen and look worried . artoo , down in the pit with kitster , let out a worried sigh . the driver of the quadra - pod look worried . ext . mos espa - racetrack - day ( fx ) anakin be power around corner and over hill and cliff , pass other racer right and leave . sebulba be in the lead . he be be challenge by another racer , xelbree . sebulba slow a little , and as xelbree pull alongside , he open a side vent on the racer 's engine and the exhaust start to cut through the alien 's engine . the blast cut along the engine until finally it explode . sebulba deftly veer away . anakin work he way through a dense mass of racer as they zoom over a dune sea , kick up dust . his pod shake violently as he go over a jump . one of the podracer , ody , catch one of he engine in the sand , and the whole thing explode . ext . mos espa - arena - viewing platform - day qui - gon sit quietly , meditate . padme and shmi search the landscape for any sign of the racer . jar jar be still annoying fanta for information . the crowd scream . watto be laugh with he friend , confident in anakin 's defeat . the quadra - pod engine start just as the racer come around the corner . the driver , BEN quadinaro , put it in gear , and the four engine go off in all direction , exploding in a spectacular display . the pod drop to the ground as sebulba enter the arena , closely follow by all the other racers . kitster strain to see as artoo beep excitedly . the announcer continue . fode / beed : - ( o.s ) B ; there go quadinaros ' power coupling . a : sebulba ! ka pa I cheespa wata ! ( here come sebulba in record time . ) qui - gon , padme , shmi , and jar jar yell for joy as anakin pass . jar jar be very nervous and pound on the back of he alien neighbor , fanta . jar jar : what gooie - on ? fanta : bug off . lap two . sebulba and the pack race past the main arena . the crowd stand and yell as the podracer scream off into the distance . qui - gon and padme look worried . jar jar : he musta crash - ud . padme : here he come ! ext . mos espa - arena - pit area - day ( fx ) artoo let out a excited whistle , as kitster yell . threepio : he have to complete two more circuit ? oh dear ! ext . mos espa - racetrack - day ( fx ) sure enough , come around the bend be anakin , quickly gain on the pack . the two -headed announcer describe the action . the crowd go wild . fode / beed : - ( o.s. ) B : it look like skywalker be move up through the field . he 's in ... a : steeth pa nagoola ! ( Sixth place , not bad . ) anakin continue to gain on the pack . tension for shmi and padme be unbearable . ody stop in the pit . droid work on he engine . dum - 4 stand in front of the engine and be suck in , cause the engine to die . dum - 4 be spit out the back of the engine , very bent up . the engine let out one final wheeze , then explode in a puff of smoke . fode / beed : - ( o.s. ) a : ody mandrell ! coona wa wunda dunko ! ( ody mandrell into the pit for some attention . ) ody : droid ! terter be get close to sebulba , who purposely break a small part off he pod , send it into terter 's engine , cause he to veer into anakin , and unhook one of the main strap on anakin 's engine that link the pod to he engine . anakin struggle to keep control of the little pod . it whip about wildly . as the pod swing near the break engine strap , anakin grab for it . finally , he catch the strap and manage to unhook it to the pod . sebulba cut the engine of obitoki with he side exhaust , and the racer crash with a cloud of dust . a third racer , habba , flie into the cloud of dust and crash into obitoki . anakin round a corner and head into the cloud of smoke . he hit a part of one of the engine but regains control . fode / beed : - ( o.s. ) B :at the start of the third and final lap , sebulba be in the lead , closely follow by skywalker ... anakin finally catch up with sebulba , and run neck and neck over the rough terrain . jar jar , qui - gon , shmi , and padme all scream 's anakin come through the arena . the light in the tower indicate that this be the third and last lap . watto begin to worry . sebulba use he side exhaust port to try to cut through anakin 's engine . anakin manage to avoid have he engine disabled but be force off course . fode / beed : - ( o.s. ) B : skywalker be force onto the service ramp ! a : oh noah ! on a tight corner , anakin dive to the inside and take the lead . fode beed : - ( o.s. ) B : amazing ... a control thrust and he 's back on course ! what a move ! sebulba be furious . he stay 's right on anakin 's tail , crowd he and push he through the turn . sebulba push anakin harder , and the young boy have a difficult time keep control . one of the part on anakin 's engine begin to shake loose . anakin see it and switch over to a auxiliary system . while he be try to accomplish this maneuver , sebulba race past he . anakin try to get around sebulba , to no avail . every move anakin make , sebulba be able to block . finally , anakin fake a move into the inside as he usually do , then try to go around sebulba on the outside . they race sid by side down the final stretch of the track . fode / beed : - ( o.s. ) B : he 's catch sebulba . a : inkabunga . ( incredible ! ) sebulba veer toward anakin and bang into he pod . he crash into anakin over and over . the young boy struggle to maintain control as the steering rod on the two pod become hook together . sebulba laugh at anakin . fode / beed : - ( o.s. ) B : that little human be be out of he mind . a : punda tah punda ! ( they be neck and neck ! ) B : they be side by side ! a : bongo du bongu ! ( shoulder to shoulder ! ) as they head for the final stretch , anakin fight to unlock the steering rod by try to pull away from sebulba . the strain on the steering rod be tremendous . suddenly , anakin 's steering arm break , and he pos start spin . the release of tension send sebulba into a ancient statue . one engine explode , then the other . sebulba skid through the fire-balls , blacken , but unhurt . he slide to a smoking stop , get out of he racer , and throw what 's leave of a shifter arm on the ground . suddenly he realize he pants be on fire , and he struggle to put they out . anakin fly through the explosion as the crowd stand , cherring . padme and jar jar jump up and down with excitment , padme scream for joy . artoo and kitster whistle hysterically . qui - gon and shmi smile . anakin race over the finish line , the winner . int . mos espa - arena announcers BOX - day ( fx ) the two -headed announcer excitedly call the finish . fode / beed : - B : it 's skywalker ! the crowd be go nut ! oh ah oh ah ( rock head in tandem with partner ) ext . mos espa - arena - day as anakin stop the podracer , kister turn up , and they embrace . hundred of spectator join they and put anakin on they shoulder , march off , cheering and chanting . darth maul 's probe droid move through the crowd . int . mos espa - arena - private BOX - day several alien leave watto 's box , laugh and count they money . watto see qui - gon stand in the doorway . watto : you ! you swindle I ! you know the boy be go to win ! somehow you know it ! I lose everything . watto fly up to qui - gon and put he face right up against qui - gon 's . qui - gon simply smile . qui - gon : whenever you gamble , my freind , eventually you will lose . bring the part to the main hanger . I will come by you shop later so you can release the boy . watto : you can not have he ! it be not a fair bet ! qui - gon : would you like to discuss it with the hutt ... I be sure they can settle this . watto : no , no ! I want no more of you trick ! take he ! the sith probe droid watch with great interest . ext . mos espa - arena - MAIN hanger - day the Main hanger be almost desert as racers depart . int . mos espa - arena - MAIN hanger - day jar jar give anakin a great hug , then padme give he a hug , then shmi . anakin : ah , gee ... enough of this ... shmi : it 's so wonderful , Annie . you have bring hope to that who have none . I be so very proud of you ... padme : we owe you everything . anakin : just feel this good be worth it . in the background , qui - gon have harness the eopies to container full of part . qui - gon : padme . jar jar , let 's go , we have get to get this part back to the ship . the group walk over to qui - gon and the eopies . padme climb on behind qui - gon . jar jar swing up onto the second eopie , only to slwly slide off the other side . artoo whistle . anakin and shmi wave as they ride off . qui - gon : ( cont would ) I will return the eopy by midday . ext . tatooine - desert - naboo spacecraft - day artoo cruise ahead of qui - gon and padme , who be riding one of the eopies ; jar jar ridse the other . they stop in front of the sleek naboo spacecraft . obi - wan come out of the ship and join they . qui - gon : start get this hyperdrive generator install . I be go back ... some unfinish business . I will not be long . obi - wan : why do I sense we have pick up another pathetic life form ...? qui - gon : it 's the boy who 's responsible for get that part . on a hill far overlook the naboo spacecraft , the sith probe droid turn and speed away . ext . tatooine - STREET - slave quarter - day anakin and a greedo be roll around on the floor , fight . about a dozen or so kide be stand around they , yell . suddenly , a long shadow be cast over the two boy ; they stop fight and look up . qui - gomn be tower above they . kitster be with they . qui - gon : what 's this ? anakin : he say I cheat . qui - gon : do you ? anakin : no! qui - gon : do you still think he cheat ? greedo : yes. qui - gon : well , Annie . you know the truth ... you will have to tolerate he opinion , fight will not change it . qui - gon move off down the street . anakin follow . the greedo wander over to wald who have be watch the going - on . wald : keep this up , greedo , and you be gonna come to a bad end . farther down the street qui - gon and anakin head toward anakin 's hovel . qui - gon take a handful of credit from beneath he poncho and hand they to the boy . qui - gon : this be yours . we sell the pod. anakin : ( suddenly beam ) yes ! int . anakin be hovel - MAIN room - day shmi be clean up as anakin burst through the door , follow by qui - gon . anakin : Mom , he sell the pod . look at all the money we have ! anakin pull a bag of coin out of he pocket . shmi : oh , my goodness , that 's wonderful . qui - gon : and anakin have be freed . anakin : what ?!? qui - gon : you be no longer a slave . anakin jump for joy ! shmi be stunne . anakin : do you hear that , Mom ? ( to qui- gon ) be that part of the prize , or what ? qui - gon : let 's just say watto have learn a important lesson about gambling . shmi : now you can make you dream come true , Annie . you be free ! ( turn to qui- gon ) will you take he with you ? be he to become a jedi ? qui - gon : we meeting be not a coincidence . nothing happen by accident . you be strong with the Force , but you may not be accept by the coucil . anakin : a jedi ! mighty blaster , you mean I get to go with you in you starship and everything ?! qui - gon kneel down to the boy . qui - gon : anakin , training to be a jedi will not be a easy challenge . and if you succeed , it will be a hard life . anakin : but it 's what I want . what I have always dream about . can I go , Mom ?! qui - gon : this path have be place for you , Annie ; the choice to take it be yours alone . anakin think , look to he mother , then to qui - gon . anakin : I want to go . qui - gon : then , pack you thing . we have not much time . anakin : yipee !! anakin hug he mom and start for the other room , then stop . shmi and qui - gon give each other a know look . anakin have realize something . anakin : ( cont would ) what about Mom ? be she free too ? you be come , be not you , Mom qui - gon : I try to free you mother , Annie , but watto would not have it . anakin : but the money from sell ... qui - gon : it 's not nearly enough . shmi come over to she son and sit next to he . take both of he hand in hers , she draw he close . shmi : Son , my place be here . my future be here . it be time for you to let go ... to let go of I . I can not go with you . anakin : I want to stay with you . I do not want thing to change . shmi : you can not stop change any more than you can stop the sun from set . listen to you feeling ; Annie , you know what 's right . anakin take a deep breath , drop he head . qui - gon and shmi exchange a look of concern . when anakin raise up , there be tear in he eye . anakin : I be go to miss you so much , Mom ... shmi : I love you , Annie ... now hurry . anakin and shmi hug . anakin run into the other room . shmi : ( cont would ) thank you . qui - gon : I will watch after he . you have my word . will you be all right ? shmi : he be in my life for such a short time . int . anakin be hovel - second room - day anakin have throw the last of he thing in a small backpack . as he leave , he stop and push the button that wake he droid up . threepio stare at he blankly . anakin : well , threepio , I be free ... and I be go away ... in a starship ... threepio : master , Annie , you be my maker , and I wish you well . although I would like it better if I be a little less naked . anakin : I be sorry I be not able to finish you , threepio ... give you covering and all ... I be go to miss work on you . you have be a great pal . I will make sure Mom do not sell you or anything . bye . threepio stare at anakin as he rush out of the room . threepio : sell I ?!? ext . mos espa - STREET - slave quarter - day kitster run up to anakin as he and qui - gon exit anakin 's hovel . shmi stand in the doorway . anakin pull a handful of coin out of he pocket and give they to kitster . kitster : there be so many of we who want you to stay , Annie ... you be a hero . anakin : I ... ( look to shmi ) I ... have to go . qui - gon have move a short way down the street . kitster : well . anakin : well . kitster : thank 's for every moment you have be here . you be my best friend . anakin : I will not forget . anakin hug kitster and run toward qui - gon , then stop to look back at he mother stand in the doorway . he turn back to qui - gon , then turn and run back to he mother . anakin : ( start to cry ) I can not do it , Mom . I just can not . shmi hug anakin . qui - gon watch from the distance . she kneel down and look he in the face . shmi : Annie , remember when you climb the great dune in order to chase the banthas away so they would not be shot ... remember how you collapse several time , exhaust think you could not do it ? anakin shake he head . shmi : ( cont would ) this be one of that time when you have to do something you do not think you can do . I know how strong you be , Annie . I know you can do this ... anakin : will I ever see you again ? shmi : what do you heart tell you ? anakin : I hope so ...yes ... I guess . shmi : then we will see each other again . anakin : i.. will become a jedi and I will come back and free you , Mom ... I promise . shmi : no matter where you be , my love will be with you . now be brave , and do not look back ... do not look back . anakin : I love you so much . shmi hug anakin , then turn he around so he be face qui - gon , and off he march , like the brave little trooper that he be . he march right past qui - gon , star right ahead , tear in he eye , determine not to look back . ext . tatooine - desert mesa - day the probe droid beep and whistle to darth maul . the sith lord get on a speeder bike and follow the probe droid into mos espa . ext mos espa - STREET - fruit stand - day anakin and qui - gon exit watto' and stop before jira be fruit stand . anakin hand jira some coin . anakin : I have be freed , and I be go away . buy yourself a cool unit with this ... otherwise I will worry about you . jira be astonished . she stare , not know what to say . jira : can I give you a hug anakin : sure . she give he a hug . jira : I will miss you , Annie .. there be not a kinder boy in the galaxy . you be careful ... anakin run to join qui - gon , who have already start down the street . as they walk along together , qui - gon notice something out of the corner of he eye . suddenly , without break he stride , he ignites he laser sword , swing around , and lunge forward and cut a lurking probe droid in half . qui - gon inspect the sparking and fizzing droid . anakin : what be it ? qui - gon : probe droid . very unusual ... not like anything I have see before . come on . qui - gon and anakin start run . ext . tatooine - desert - naboo spacecraft - day qui - gon and anakin run toward the naboo spacecraft . anakin be have a hard time keep up . anakin : master qui- gon , sir , wait ! qui - gon turn to answer and see a dark - cloak figure bear down on a speeder bike . qui - gon : anakin , drop ! anakin drop to the ground just as darth maul sweep over he . darth maul jump off he speeder bike , and before he have hit the ground , the sith Lord have swund a death blow with he laser sword that be barely block by qui - gon . anakin pick himself up . the two galactic warrior , sith and jedi , be bashing each other with incredible blow . they move in a continual cloudof dust , smash everything around they . this be a fierce fight . anakin get up , bewilder by the confrontation . qui - gon : ( cont would ) Annie , get to the ship ! take off ! go! go! qui - gon struggle to fend off the relentless onslaught as anakin race to the ship . int . naboo spacecraft - hallway anakin run into the main hallway of the spaceship , where padme and captain panaka be work . anakin : qui- gon 's in trouble . he say to take off ... now !! capt . panaka : who be you ? padme : he 's a friend . int . naboo spacecraft - cockpit captain panaka , anakin , and padme rush into the cockpit where obi - wan and ric olie be check the hyperdrive . capt . panaka : qui-gon be in trouble , he say to take off ! pilot : I do not see anything . obi - wan : over there ! fly low ! in the distance be a small cloud of dust . ext . tatooine - desert - naboo spacecraft - day qui - gon and darth maul continue theirsword battle . leap over one another in a incredible display of acrobatics , the two warrios hear the ship fly over they a few foot off the ground . qui - gon almost dissapear for a moment . before darth maul know what 's happen , qui - gon be on the spacecrat 's ramp . ext . tatooine - naboo spacecraft ramp - day the sith lord immediately jump onto the ramp after qui - gon , but barely make it . his heel hang over the edge of a forty - foot drop . qui - gon swing he laser sword with all he might and knock darth amul off the ramp and onto the desert floor . the ramp close , and the naboo craft rocket away , leave the sith Lord stand alone . ext . space - naboo spacecraft ( fx ) the sleek spacecraft rocket away from the planet tatooine . int . naboo spacecraft - hallway anakin and obi - wan rush into the hallway to find qui - gon collapse on the floor opposite the entry . artoo be look over he . the jedi be breathe hard , wet with sweat and cover in dirt . anakin : be you all right ? qui - gon : I think so ... that be a surpirse I wont soon forget . obi - wan : what be it ? qui - gon : I do not know ... but he be well train in the jedi art . my guess be he be after the Queen ... anakin : do you think he will follow we ? qui - gon : we will be safe enough once we be in hyperspace , but I have no doubt he know we destination . anakin : what be we go to do about it ? obi - wan give anakin a " who be you ? " look . anakin return a innocent stare . qui - gon : we will be patient . anakin skywalker , meet obi-wan kenobi . anakin : please to meet you . wow ! you be a jedi too ? obi - wan give the boy a skeptical look . int . cockpit - space ric olie pull back on the hyperdrive . obi - wan , qui - gon , and anakin watch . qui - gon : let 's hope this hyperdrive work and watto do not get the last laugh . the star streak outside the cockpit window . ext . space - naboo spacecraft ( fx ) the ship streak into hyperspace . ext . theed - STREET - night ( fx ) several federation droid patrol a desert city street . the Palace can be see in the distance . int . naboo palace - throne room - theed - night nute sit in a strange , mechanical walk chair , which approach sio bibble and several other naboo official . rune follow a few pace behind . droid guard surround sio bibble and the other as four council member watch . nute : when be you go to give up this pointless strike ? you Queen be lose , you people be starve , and you , Governor , be go to die , much sooner than you people , I be afraid . take he away ! bibble : this invasion will gain you nothing . we be a democracy . the people have decide ... they will not live under you tyranny . bibble be take away as oom - 9 approach nute . oom - 9 : my troops be in position to begin search the swamp for this rumor underwater village ... they will not stay hide for long . int . naboo spacecraft - MAIN area the ship be asleep . the light be dim as padme walk into the main room . she go to a monitor and watch the bibble plea recording . jar jar be stretch out on the floor , snore . artoo be to one side , coo as he rest . padme appear tired . she sense someone watch she and turn around with a start . she see anakin sit in the corner , shiver and look verydejected . she go over to he . he look up at she with tear in he eye . he be hold he arm to keep himself warm . padme : be you all right ? anakin : it 's very cold . padme give he she over - jacket . padme : you be from a warm planet , Annie . too warm for my taste . Space be cold . anakin : you seem sad . padme : the Queen be ... worried . her people be suffer ... die . she must convince the Senate to intervene , or ... I be not sure what will happen . anakin : I be ... I be not sure what 's go to happen to I . I dunno if I will ever see you again .. ( he pull something from he pocket ) I make this for you . sou you would remember I . I carve it out of a japor snippet ... it will bring you good fortune . anakin hand a wooden pendant to padme . she inspect it , then put it around she neck . padme : it 's beautiful , but I do not need this to remember you . many thing will change when we reach the capital , Annie . my caring for you will always remain . anakin : I care for you too . only I ...miss ... anakin be disturb about something . tear be in he eye . padme : ... you miss you mother . anakin look at she , unable to speak . she hug he . ext . space - planet coruscant ( fx ) move with the ship as it head toward coruscant . int . coruscant - cityscape - naboo spacecraft - day ( fx ) the spacecraft dly over the endlesscityscape of coruscant , the capital of the galaxy . int . naboo spacecraft - cockpit anakin look out the cockpit window in awe . ric olie : coruscant ... the capital of the Republic ... the entire planet be one big city . anakin : wow ! it 's so huge ! int . naboo spacecraft - day ( fx ) the ship fly through the cityscape of coruscant . ext . coruscant - senate landing platform - day Supreme chancellor valorum , several guard , and senator palpatine stand on a landing platform . the sleek naboo spacecraft land on the platform high above the street level of the galactic capital . the ramp lower . obi - wan , qui - gon , jar jar and anakin descend the ramp first and bow before palpatine and valorum . captain panaka , two guard , queen amidala , then padme , rabe , eirtae , and more guard descend the ramp . queen amidala stop before the group . anakin and jar jar stand to one side , look at the huge city . padme smile at anakin . palpatine bow before the Queen . palpatine : it be a great gift to see you alive , you majesty . May I present Supreme chancellor valorum . valorum : welcome , you highness . it be a honor to finally meet you in person . I must relay to you how distress everyone be over the currant situation . I have call for a special session of the Senate to hear you position . amidala : I be grateful for you concern , chancellor . palpatine start to lead queen amidala and she retinue off the platform toward a wait air taxi . palpatine : there be a question of precedure , but I feel confident we can overcome it ... jar jar and anakin start to follow , then stop , notice that obi - wan and qui - gon be stay with the supreme chancellor . queen amidala wave to the duo to follow she . anakin look back to qui - gon , and he nod to go ahead . anakin and jar jar join the queen , palpatine , padme , rabe and eirtae in the taxi . palpatine give the gungan and the boy in the back of the taxi a skeptical look . jar jar lean over to anakin . jar jar : Da queen - a bein grossly nice , mesa tink . ( he look around ) pitty hot ! valorum and the jedi watch the taxi move off into the city . qui - gon : I must speak with the jei Council immediately , you honor . the situation have become more complicated . int . palpatine's quarter - anteroom - day queen amidala be sit listen to palpatine . eirtae and rabe stand behind the queen ; padme be nowhere to be sen . anakin and jar jar be wait in a adjoin room . they can see the Queen but can not hear what be be say . jar jar : dissen all pitty odd to my . anakin : do not look at I . I do not know what 's go on . captain panaka enter , then go into the room with queen amidala . int . palpatine's quarter - live area - day palpatine be pace as captain panaka enter . eirtae and rabe stand to one side . palpatine : ... the Republic be not what it once be . the Senate be full of greedy , squabbling delegate who be only look out for themselves and they home sytem . there be no interest in the common good ... no civility , only politics ... its disgusting . I must be frank , you majesty , there be little chance the Senate will act on the invasion . amidala : chancellor valorum seem to think there be hope . palpatine : if I may say so , you majesty , the chancellor have little real power ... he be mire down by baseless accusation of corruption . a manufacture scandal surround he . the bureaucrat be in charge now . amidala : what option do we have ? palpatine : we best choice would be to push for the election of a stronger Supreme chancellor . one who will take control of the bureaucrat , enforce the law , and give we justice . you could call for a vote of no confidence in chancellor valorum . amidala : he have be we strongest supporter . be there any other way ? palpatine : we only other choice would to be to submit a plea to the court ... amidala : there 's no time for that . the court take even longer to decide thing than the Senate . we people be die , Senator ... more and more each day . we must do something quickly to stop the federation . palpatine : to be realistic , you highness , I would say we be go to have to accept federation control for the time be . amidala : there be something I cannot do . ext . temple of the jedi - day ( fx ) a unique building with it tall spire stand out against the coruscant skyline . a small transport pass by the vast temple . int . temple of the jedi - council chamber - day qui - gon stand in a tall stately room . twelve jedi sit in a semi-circle . obi - wan stand behind qui - gon in the center of the room . the senior jedi be mace windu . to he leave be a alien jedi name KI - adi - mundi , and to he right , the jedi master , yoda . qui - gon : ...my only conclusion can be that it be a sith Lord . mace windu : a sith Lord ?!? KI - adi : impossible ! the sith have be extinct for a millenium . yoda : the very Republic be threaten , if involved the sith be . mace windu : I do not believe they could have return without we know . yoda : hard to see , the dark side be . discover who this assassin be , we must . KI - adi : I sense he will reveal himself again . mace windu : this attack be with purpose , that be clear , and I agree the Queen be the target . yoda : with this naboo queen you must stay , qui-gon . protect she . mace windu : we will use all we resource here to unravel this mystery and discover the identity of you attacker ... May the Force be with you . yoda : May the Force be with you . obi - wan turn to leave , but qui - gon continue to face the Council . yoda : ( cont would ) master qui- gon more to say have you ? qui - gon : with you permission , my master . I have encounter a vergence in the Force . yoda : a vergence , you say ? mace windu : locate around a person ? qui - gon : a boy ... he cell have the high concentration of midi-chlorian I have see in a life form . it be possible he be conceive by the midi-chlorian . mace windu : you be refer to the prophesy of the one who will bring balance to the Force ... you believe it 's this boy ?? qui - gon : I do not pressume ... yoda : but you do ! rrevealed you opinion be . qui - gon : I request the boy be test . the jedi all look to one another . they nod and turn back to obi - wan and qui - gon . yoda : train as a jedi , you request for he ? qui - gon : find he be the will of the Force ... I have no doubt of that . there be too much happen here ... mace windu : bring he before we , then . yoda : tested he will be . int . queen quarter - coruscant - day anakin , tentative , walk down one of the long hallway in Senator palpatine 's quarter . he stop before a dor that be flanke by two guard . guard : May I help you , son ? anakin : I be ... I be look for the handmaiden , padme . the guard speak into he comlink as anakin look around a bit nervously . guard : the boy be here to see padme . rabe : send he in . the door open , and anakin enter the Queen 's quarter . rabe greet anakin as two other handmaiden come and go into the next room . anakin : I would like to speak with padme , if I could . rabe : I be sorry , Annie . padme be not here right now . the Queen speak out in the next room . amidala : ( o.s. ) who be it ? rabe : anakin skywalker , to see padme , you highness . the queen move into the doorway and study anakin . anakin bow and look down , then take a peek at she . amidala : I have send padme on a errand . anakin : I be go to the jedi temple to start my training , I hope . the queen just stare at he . anakin : ( cont would ) I may not see she again ... and ... I just want to say goodbye . amidala : we will tell she for you . we be sure she heart go with you . anakin bow again . anakin : thank you , you highness . I be sorry to have disturb you . the queen dissapear behind the doorway , and anakin exit . ext . coruscant - galactic senate build - day ( fx ) a large , distinctive look dome building stand out amid the cityscape of coruscant . int . MAIN rotunda - galactic senate - day the Senate chamber be huge . thousands of senator and they aide sit in the circular assembly area . chancellor valorum sit in a elevate area in the center . hindred of aide and droid hurry about . senator palpatine , queen amidala , eirta , rabe , and captain panaka sit in the naboo congressional box , which be actually a float platform . palpatine lean over to the queen . palpatine : if the federation move to defer the motion ... you majesty , ibeg of you to ask for a resolution to end this congressional session . amidala : I wish I have you confidence in this , Senator . palpatine : you must force a new election for Supreme chancellor ... I promise you there be many who will support we ... it be we best chance ... you majesty , we only , chance . amidala : you truly believe chancellor valorum will not bring we motion to a vote ? palapatine : he be distract ... he be afraid . he will be of no help . valorum : the chair recognize the Senator from the sovereign system of naboo . the naboo congressional box float into the center . palpatine : Supreme chancellor , delegate of the Senate . a tragedy have occure on we peaceful system of naboo . we have become caugt in a dispute you be all well aware of , which begin right here with the taxation of trade route , and have now engulf we entire planet in the oppresion of the Trade federation . a second box rush into the center of the Senate . it be fill with federation trade baron lead by lott dod , the Senator for the federation . lott dod : this be outrageous ! I object to the Senator 's statement ! valorum : the chair do not recognize the Senator from the Trade federation at this time . please return to you station . lott dod reluctantly move back to he place . palpatine : to state we allegation , I present Queen amidala , the recently elect ruler of naboo , to speak on we behalf . queen amidala stand and address the assembly . there be some applause . amidala : honorable representative of the Republic , distinguished delegate , and you honor Supreme chancellor valorum , I come to you under the gravest of circumstance . the naboo system have be invade by force . invade ... against all the law of the Republic by the droid army of the Trade ... lott dod : I object ! there be no proof . this be incredible . we recommend a commision be send to naboo to assertain the truth . valorum : overrule . lott dod : you honor , you can not allow we to be condemn without reasonable observation . it 's against all the rule of procedure . a third box represent malastare move into the center of the room . aks moe , the ambassador , address the convention . aks moe : the Congress of malastare concur with the honorable delegate from the Trade federation . a commision must be appoint ... that be the law . valorum : the point ... valorum confer with several of he aide and vice chairman mas amedda . palpatine whisper something to the queen . palpatine : enter the bureaucrat , the true ruler of the Republic , and on the payroll of the Trade federation , I might add . this be where chancellor valorum 's strength will dissapear . valorum : the point be concede ... section 523a take precedence here . Queen amidala of the naboo , will you defer you motion to allow a commission to explore the validity of you accusation ? queen amidala be angry but remain compose . amidala : ( angrily ) I will not defer ... I have come before you to resolve this attack on we sovereignty now . I be not elect to watch my people suffer and die while you discuss this invasion in a committee . if this body be not capable of action , I suggest new leadership be need . I move for a " vote of no confidence " ... in chancellor valorum 's leadership . valorum : what ?... no ! this cause a great stir in the assembly . a loud mumur cresendo into a roar of approval and jeer . chancellor valorum be stunne and stand speechless . his vice chair , mas amedda , take over . mas amedda : order ! we shall have order ... thing settledown a little . the federation box settles next to amidala . prince bail organa move he box into the arena . bail organa : alderaan second the motion for a vote of no confidence in chancellor valorum . mad amedda : the motion have be seconded by bail organa of alderaan . mas amedda turn to the confuse valorum , and whisper something to he . bail organa : there must be no delay . the motion be on the floor and must be vote upon in this session . lott dod : the Trade federation move the motion be send to the procedure committee for study . the assembly begin to chant . valorum talk to mas amedda . assembly : vote now ! vote now ! vote now ! palpatine stand next to amidala . palpatine : you see , you majaesty , the tide be with we ... valorum will be vote out , I assure you , and they will elect in a new chancellor , a strong chancellor , one who will not let we tragedy continue ... mas amedda : thew Supreme chancellor request a recess . tomorrow we will begin the vote . the federation delegation be furious . valorum turn to palpatine . valorum : palpatine , I think you be my ally ... my friend . you have betrayed I ! how could you do this ? ext . palace of the jedi - balcony - sunset obi - wan and qui - gon stand outside the palace on a balcony . obi - wan : the boy will not pass the Council 's test , master , and you know it . he be far too old . qui - gon : anakin will become a jedi ... I promise you . obi - wan : do not defy the Council , master .. not again . qui - gon : I will do what I must . obi - wan : master , you could be sit on the Council by now if you would just follow the code . they will not go along with you this time . qui - gon : you still have much to learn , my young apprentice . int . palace of the jedi - council chamber - sunset anakin stand before the twelve jedi . mace windu hold a small hand -held view screen . in rapid succession , image flash across the screen . anakin : a ship ... a cup ... a speeder . mace windu turn the view screen off and nod toward yoda . yoda : good , good , young one . how feel you ? anakin : cold , sir . yoda : afraid be you ? anakin : no , sir . mace windu : afraid to give up you life ? anakin : I do not think so . anakin hesitates for a moment . yoda : see through you , we can . mace windu : be mindful of you feeling ... KI - adi : your thought dwell on you mother . anakin : I miss she . yoda : afraid to lose she .. I think . anakin : ( a little angry ) what 's that get to do with anything ? yoda : eveything . fear be the path to the dark side ... fear lead to anger ... anger lead to hate .. hate lead to suffer . anakin : ( angrily ) I be not afraid ! yoda : a jedi must have the deep commitment , the most serious mind . I sense much fear in you . anakin : ( quietly ) I be not afraid . yoda : then continue , we will . int . palpatine quarter - sunset queen amidala be stand , stare out the window , with jar jar . the light of the city shimmer before they . eirtae and sabe stand near the door . jar jar turn to face the queen and see she sadness . jar jar : Mesa wonder why da gud invent pain ? amidala : to motivate we , I imagine ... jar jar : yousa tinken yousa people ganna die ? amidala : I do not know . jar jar : gungan ganna get paste too , eh? amidala : I hope not . jar jar : gungan do die and without a fight .... wesa warrior . wesa gotta grand army . dat why you no like we , metink . palpatine and captain panaka rush into the rom and bow before the queen . capt . panaka : you highness , Senator palpatine have be nominate to succeed valorum as Supreme chancellor . palpatine : a surprise , to be sure , but a welcome one . I promise , you majesty , if I be elect , I will bring democracy back to the Republic . I will put a end to corruption . the Trade fedreation will lose its influence over the bureaucrat , and we people will be freed . amidala : who else can be nominate ? capt . panaka : bail antilles of alderaan and ainlee teem of malastare . palpatine : I feel confident ...our " situation " will create a strong sympaphy vote for we ... I will be chancellor , I promise you . amidala : I fear by the time you have control of the bureaucrat , Senator , there will be nothing leave of we city , we people , we way of life ... palpatine : I understand you concern , you majesty ; unfortunately , the federation have possession of we planet . the law be in they favor . amidala : with the Senate in transition , there be nothing more I can do here ... Senator , this be you arena . I feel I must return to mine . I have decide to go back to naboo . my place be with my people . palpatine : go back !! but , you majesty , be realistic ! you would be in danger . they will force you to sign the treaty . amidala : I will sign no treaty , Senator . my fate will be no different from that of we people . Captain ! capt . panaka : yes , you highness ? amidala : ready my ship ! capt . panaka : please , you majesty , stay here ... where it 's safe . amidala : no place be safe , if the Senate do not condemn this invasion . it be clear to I now that the Republic no longer function as a democracy . if you win the election , Senator , I know you will do everything possible to stop the federation . I pray you will bring sanity and compassion back to the Senate . amidala and she retinue exit the room . palpatine have a self - satisfied smile on he face . int . temple of the jedi - council chamber - twilight anakin , obi - wan , and qui - gon stand before the twelve member of the jedi council . yoda : ... correct you be , qui-gon . mace windu : his cell contain a high concentration of midi-chlorian . KI - adi : the Force be strong with he . qui - gon : he 's to be train , then . the council member look to one another . mace windu : no . he will not be train . anakin be crestfallen ; tear begin to form in he eye . qui - gon : no ??!! obi - wan smile . mace windu : he be too old . there be already too much anger in he . qui - gon : he be the choose one ... you must see it . yoda : cloud , this boy 's future be . masked by he youth . qui - gon : I will trin he , then . I take anakin as my padawan learner . obi - wan react with surprise . anakin watch with interest . yoda : a apprentice , you have , qui-gon . impossible , to take on a second . mace windu : we forbid it . qui - gon : obi-wan be ready ... obi - wan : iam ready to face the trial . yoda : ready so early , be you ? what know you of ready ? anakin watch as qui - gon and obi - wan exchange angry look . qui - gon : headstrong .... and he have much to learn about the live Force , but he be capabe . there be little more he will learn from I . yoda : we own council we will keep on who be ready . more to learn , he have ... mace windu : now be not the time for this ... the Senate be voting for a new spreme chancellor . Queen amidala be return home , which will put pressure on the federation , and could widen the confrontation . yoda : and draw out the Queen 's attacker . KI - adi : event be move fast ... too fast . mace windu : go with the Queen to naboo and discover the identity of the dark warrior . that be the clue we need to unravel this mystery of the sith . yoda : Young skywalker 's fate will be decide later . qui - gon : I bring anakin here ; he must stay in my charge . he have nowhere else to go . mace windu : he be you ward , qui-gon ... we will not dispute that . yoda : train he not . take he with you , but train he not ! mace windu : protect the Queen , but do not intercede if it come to war until we have the Senate 's approval . yoda : May the Force be with you . obi - wan , qui - gon , and anakin leave . ext . coruscant - senate landing platform - night qui - gon , obi - wan , and anakin stand on the landing platform outside the ship . artoo whistle a happy tune as he lean over the edge of the platform , watch the traffic . suddenly , he lean over too far and fall overboard . after a moment , he reappear , use he on - board jet to propel himself back onto the landing platform . the wind whip at anakin as he listen to the jedi . obi - wan : it be not disrespect , master , it be the truth . qui - gon : from you point of view .... obi - wan : the boy be dangerous ... they all sense it . why can not you ? qui - gon : his fate be uncertain , not dangerous . the Council will decide anakin 's future ... that should be enough for you . now get on board ! obi - wan reluctantly board the naboo spacecraft follow by artoo . qui - gon go over to anakin . anakin : master qui- gon , sir , I do not wish to be a problem . qui - gon : you will not be , Annie .... I be not allow to train you , so I want you to watch I and be mindful ... always remember , you focus determine you reality . stay close to I and you will be safe . anakin : master , sir ... I have be wonder ... what be midi-chlorian ? qui - gon : midi-chlorian be a microcopic lifeform that reside within all live cell and communicate with the Force . anakin : they live inside of I ? qui - gon : in you cell . we be symbiont with the midi-chlorian . anakin : symbiont ? qui - gon : life form live together for mutual advantage . without the midi-chlorian , life could not exist , and we would have no knowledge of the Force . they continually speak to you , tell you the will of the Force . anakin : they do ?? qui - gon : when you learn to quiet you mind , you will hear they speak to you . anakin : I do not understand . qui - gon : with time and training , Annie ... you will . two taxi pull up , and captain panaka , senator palpatine , twenty or so troops , guard , and officer walk briskly toward the ship , follow by queen amidala , padme , eirtae , and finally , jar jar . amidala and she handmaiden stop before the jedi . qui - gon : ( cont would ) you highness , it be we pleasure to continue to serve and protect you . amidala : I welcome you help . Senator palpatine fear the federation mean to destroy I . qui - gon : I promise you , I will not let that happen . amidala enter the ship , follow by she handmaiden . jar jar hug qui - gon and anakin . jar jar : wesa goen home ! they all move onto the ship . the ship take off . int . naboo palace - throne room - theed - night nute and rune stand before a hologram of darth sidious . darth sidious : the Queen be on she way to you . I regret she be of no further use to we . when she get there , destroy she . nute : yes , my Lord . darth sidious : viceroy , be the planet secure ? nute : yes , my Lord , we have take over the last pocket of primitive life form . we be in complete control of the planet now . darth sidious : good . I will see to it that in the Senate , thing stay as they be . I be send darth maul to join you . he will deal with the jedi . nute : yes , my Lord . darth sidious fade off . rune : a sith lord here with we ?!! int . space - naboo spacecraft cockpit anakin stand next to the pilot , ric olie , point to various button and gauge . anakin : ...and that one ? ric olie : the forward stabalizer . anakin : and that control the pitch ? ric olie : you catch on pretty quick . int . naboo spacecraft - queen' chamber sabe and eirtae stand behind queen amidala as she talk with qui - gon and captain panaka . obi - wan and jar jar watch . capt . panaka : the moment we land the federation will arrest you , and force you to sign the treaty . qui - gon : I agree ... I be not sure what you hope to accomplish by this . amidala : I be go to take back what 's ours . capt . panaka : there be only twelve of we , you highness .... we have no army . qui - gon : I can not fight a war for you , you highness , only protect you . amidala : jar jar bink ! jar jar look around , puzzle . jar jar : Mesa , you highness ? amidala : yes . I need you help . int . naboo cruiser cockpit - day the naboo cruiser head toward the lush green planet . there be only one federation battle cruiser orbit . obi - wan and captain panaka spot it on the view screen . panaka : the blockade 's go . obi - wan : the war 's over ... no need for it now . ric olie : I have one battleship on my scope . obi - wan : a droid control ship . panaka : they have probably spot we . obi - wan ; we have not much time . int . naboo spacecraft - MAIN hold the queen , captain panaka , troops , and handmaiden get ready to disembark as the ship alnd . the elevator door slide open , and anakin emerge into the hold area . he see padme and run up to she . anakin : hi ! where have you be ? padme : Annie ! what be you do here ? anakin : I be with qui-gon ...but ... they be not go to let I be a jedi . I be too old . padme : this be go to be dangerous , Annie . anakin : be it ? I can help ... where be we go ? padme : to war , I be afraid . the Queen have have to make the most difficuld decision of she life . she do not believe in fight , Annie . we be a peaceful people ... anakin : I want to help ... I be glad you be back . anakin smile . padme smile back . ext . naboo swamp - day the naboo spacecraft have land in the gungan swamp . troops unload the ship in the background as obi - wan approach qui - gon . obi - wan : jar jar be on he way to the gungan city , master . qui - gon 's thought be elsewhere . qui - gon : good . obi - wan and qui - gon stand silently for a moment . obi - wan : do you think the Queen 's idea will work ? qui - gon : the gungan will not easily be sway , and we can not use we power to help she . obi - wan : I be ... I be sorry for my behavior , master . it be not my place to disagree with you about the boy . I be grateful you think I be ready for the trial . qui - gon look at he for a long moment . qui - gon : you have be a good apprentice . you be much wiser than iam , obi-wan . I foresee you will become a great jedi knight . ext . naboo swamp - underwater - day ( fx ) jar jar swim down into bubble City . int . otoh gunga - CITY square jar jar enter the main square of the bubble city . he stand , stunne , in amazement and fear . he be nervous and shaking . jar jar : ello ! where das everybody ? the plaza be empty . he notice that many of the building be shot up as if there have be a battle of some kind . ext . naboo swamp lake - day jar jar exit the swamp lake and walk over to queen amidala , captain panaka , obi - wan , and qui - gon . padme , eirtae , rabe , anakin , and artoo , four pilot , and EIGHT guard stand in the background near the starship . jar jar : dare - sa nobody dare . all go . some kinda fight , I tink . sorry , no gunga ...no gunga . capt . panaka : do you think they have be take to camp ? obi - wan : more likely they be wipe out . jar jar : no ... mesa no tink so . gungan hide . when in trouble , go to sacred place . mackineek no find they dare . qui - gon : do you know where they be ? ext . naboo swamp - day the group follow jar jar as he move through the swamp . jar jar stop and sniff the air . the group stop behind he . jar jar : dissen it . jar jar make a strange chatter noise . suddenly , out of nowhere , captain tarpal and six other gungan troops riding on kaadus emerge from the brush . jar jar : ( cont would ) heyo -dalee , Captain tarpals . capt . tarpal : bink !! noah gain ! jar jar : we comen to see da boss . captian tarpal roll he eye . capt . tarpal : ouch time , bink ... ouch time for all - n youse . ext . naboo sacred temple ruins - day jar jar , queen amidala , anakin , artoo , qui - gon , obi - wan , padme , rabe , eirtae , and the rest of she group be lead through a clear full of gungan refugee . at the far end be the ruin of a grand temple with massive carve head . boss nass and several other council member walk out on the top of a three - quarter - submerge head . boss nass : jar jar , yousa payen dis time . who 's da uss - en other ?? queen amidala step forward . captain panaka and the jedi stand behind she . amidala : I be Queen amidala of the naboo ... I come before you in peace . boss nass : naboo biggen . yousa bringen da mackineek ... dya busten uss - en omm . yousa all bombad . yousa all die and , mesa tink . captain panaka and half a dozen guard and pilot look around nervously , and the gungan troops lower they long power pole . the jedi stay relaxed . anakin watch everything with great interest . amidala : we wish to form a alliance ... suddenly , padme step forward . padme : you honor ... artoo whistle a quiet " uh oh . " boss nass : whosa dis ? padme : I be Queen amidala ( point to Queen ) this be my decoy ... my protection ... my loyal bodyguard . anakin be stunne . obi - wan and qui - gon give each other a know look . padme : ( cont would ) ... I be sorry for my deception , but under the circumstance it have become necessary to protect myself . although we do not always agree , you honor , we two great society have always live in peace ... until now . the Trade federation have destroy all that we have work so hard to build . you be in hide , my people be in camp . if we do not act quickly , all will be lose forever ... I ask you to help we ... no , I beg you to help we . padme drop to she knee and prostrate herself before boss nass . there be a gasp from captain panaka , he troops , and the handmaiden . padme : ( cont would ) we be you humble servant ... we fate be in you hand . slowly , captain panaka and he troops bow down before the gungan council . then the handmaiden , anakin , and finally the jedi . the gungan be puzzle by this . boss nass begin to laugh . boss nass : yousa no tinken yousa great de da gungan .. Mesa like dis . maybe wesa bein friend . int . naboo palace - throne room - day nute , rune , and darth maul walk with a hologram of darth sidious . nute : ... we have send out patrol . we have already locate they starship in the swamp .... it will not be long , my Lord . darth sidious : this be a unexpected move for she . it 's too aggresive .. Lord maul , be mindful . darth maul : yes , my master . darth sidious : be patient ... let they make the first move . ext . naboo edge of swamp / grass plain - day a gungan sentry sit on top of the ancient temple heah , search the landscape with a pair of electrobinoculars . he see something and yell down to anakin at the foot of the statue . gungan lookout : daza comen ! anakin : all right . they be here ! anakin yell and run over to padme and the jedi , who be discuss a battle plan with five gungan general . sabe and eirtae stand nearby . boss nass put he arm around jar jar . boss nass : yousa doen grand . jar jar bringen da naboo together . jar jar : oh , no , no , no ... boss nass : so , wesa maken yousa bombad General . jar jar : General ??! oh , no .. jar jar 's eye roll back , he tongue flop out and he faint . four speeder pull up to the group . captain panaka and a dozen or so guard and pilot pile out and join the group . padme : what be the situation ? capt . panaka : almost everyone 's in camp . a few hundred police and guard have form a underground movement . I bring as many of the keader as I could . the federation Army 's also much larger than we think , and much stronger . you highness , this be a battle I do not think we can win . padme : the battle be a diversion . the gungan must draw the droid Army away from the city . we can enter the city use the secret passage on the waterfall side . once we get to the main entrance , Captain pnaka will create a diversion , so that we can enter the palace and capture the viceroy . without the viceroy , they will be lose and confuse . qui - gon and obi - wan look on with interest . padme : ( cont would ) what do you think , master jedi ? qui - gon : the viceroy will be well guard . capt . panaka : the difficulty 's get into the throne room . once we be inside , we should not have a problem . qui - gon : there be a possibility with this diversion many gungan will be kill . boss nass : wesa ready to do be - sa part . jar jar smile a very worried and sheepish grin . anakin watch with interest , as do artoo . padme : we have a plan which should immobilize the droid Army . we will send what pilot we have to knock out the droid control ship which be orbit the planet . if we can get past they rayshield , we can sever communication and they droid will be helpless . qui - gon : a well - conceive plan . however , there 's great risk . the weapon on you fighter may not penetrate the shield on the control ship . obi - wan : and there 's a even bigger danger . if the vicroy escape , you highness , he will return with another droid army . padme : that be why we must not fail to get to the viceroy . everything depend on it . int . theed - palace - throne room - day nute , rune , darth maul , oom - 9 , and a hologram of darth sidious walk through the throne room . darth sidious : ... she be more foolish than I think . nute : we be send all available troops to meet this army of hers assemble near the swamp . it appear to be make up of primitive . we do not expect much resistance . oom - 9 : I be increase security at all naboo detention camp . darth maul : I feel there be more to this , my master . the two jedi may be use the Queen for they own purpose . darth sidious : the jedi can not become involved . they can only protect the Queen . even qui- gon jinn will not break that conenant .... this will work to we advantage ... nute : I have you approval to proceed then , my Lord . darth sidious : proceed . wipe they put ... all of they . int . naboo swamp lake - day ( fx ) all be peaceful . SMALL criteer drink out of a large swamp lake . suddenly there be a disturbance in the middle of the lake . a rush of bubbles , then a gungan soldier riding a kaadu emerge from the water , follow by several other . frog and other little animal flee in all direction as the gungan army march through the swamp . the kaadu shake themselves off as they exit the lake . when jar jar 's kaadu shake off , jar jar fall off . soldier on huge , lizard - like fambaas with large shield generator mount on they back follow the march warrior . the gungan army head out of the swamp and onto the roll grassy hill . hundred of gungan warrior march in lon line toward the horizon . federation tank move up to a ridge and stop . in the distance they see the gungan army march toward they . the gungan general ceel see the tank on the ridge and order a halt . the gungan be spread out in a large line . jar jar be nervous . general ceel signal to the shield operator . general ceel : energize the shield . a red ray shoot out of the generator and blast into a large dish on the back of a second faamba and spread like a umbrella over the assemble warrior . ext . theed - central plaza - day padme , follow by eirtae , obi - wan , qui - gon , anakin , and artoo , stealthily make she way toward the entrance to the main hanger . they be follow by about twenty naboo guard , pilot , and troops . they stop , and padme use a small red laser light to signal across the plaza to captain panaka , rabe and twenty other assorted naboo troops . they signal back . qui - gon lean over to anakin . qui - gon : once we get inside , Annie , you find a safe placeto hide and stay there . anakin : sure . qui - gon : and stay there ! droid troops mill about the tank - fill plaza . at the far end of the plaza , several droid begin to run and fire . naboo soldier begin to fire back at the battle droid . as the ruckus erupt at one end of the plaza , padme and she troops rush into the main hanger . captain panaka and he soldier continue to engage the droid outside . int . theed - central hanger - day alarm be sounding a padme , the jedi , anakin , eirtae , and padme 's troops rush into the hanger . battle droid begin fire at they as they run for cover . anakin run under a naboo fighter . the jedi deflect bolt aim at padme back onto the battle droid , cause they to explode . int . theed - palace throne room - day nute , rune , and four council member watch the plaza battle on a large view screen . nute : I think the battle be go to take place far from here ... this be too close ! rune : what be go on ? darth maul enter the throne room . darth maul : I tell you there be more to this ... the jedi be involved . ext . naboo grass plain - day ( fx ) the federation tank begin to fire on the gungan , but they be protect by they energy shield . the tank stop fire , and the gungan cheer , until they see the door to the massive transport open , and rack of battle droid be pull out and line up by a squad of stap . the battle droid reconfigure into they stand position . the gungan get ready for a attack . oom - 9 give the command to move forward , and thousand of droid march toward the gungan . the gungan power up they weapon . the droid slowly march through the protective shield and start fire . the gungan throw they power pole and fling small ball of energy with slingshot . the warrior dump large ball of energy into mortar that heat up and fire the energy goo onto the battle droid , cause they to short out . the battle rage and the gungan defend they shield generator against the army of droid . oom - 9 watch from a tank on a hill overlook the battle . int . theed - central hanger - day anakin hide behind one of the naboo fighter , ducking as large bolt whiz past and explode near he . padme and the two jedi destroy battle droid right and leave . the queen' troops and eirtae also blast away at the droid . padme signal to she pilot . padme : get to you ship ! the pilot and artoo unit run for the naboo fighter craft stack in the hanger bay . one of the pilot jump into a fighter right above where anakin be hide . fighter pilot : better find a new hide place , kid . I be take this ship . the ship begin to levitate out of the hanger . battle droid fire at it as it fall in behind five other fighter . artoo whistle to anakin from a second fighter not far away . anakin run and jump into the second fighter to hide . ext . theed - central plaza - day ( fx ) two naboo starfighter exit the main hanger . a tank fire at they , hit one of they , which cause it to pinwheel into the ground and explode . int . theed - central hanger - day captain panaka , sabe and naboo troops rush into the hanger and overwlm the few remain battle droid . padme , obi - wan , and qui - gon join force with captain panaka . padme : my guess be the viceroy be in the throne room . she look to qui - gon . qui - gon : I agree . they start to head for the exit , on the way pass the fighter where anakin be hide . artoo whistle a greeting as anakin peep out of the cockpit . anakin : hey ! wait for I . qui - gon : no , Annie , you stay there . stay right where you be . anakni : but , I ... qui - gon : stay in that cockpit . they head for the exit . as they be about to go through the door , suddenly everyone scatter , revealing darth maul stand in the doorway . captain panaka , padme , and her troops back away . qui - gon and obi - wan step forward . qui - gon : ( cont would ) we '' handle this ... the two jedi take off they cape and ignite they laser sword . darth maul take off he cape , and ignites he laser sword . both end of the sword light up . at the far end of the hanger , six wheel droid roll in and transform into they battle position . artoo call anakin 's attention to the droid . the jedi begin to fight the sith Lord . anakin : oh , no ... the droid begin to advance and start fire on padme and her troops . anakin : ( cont would ) we gotta do something , artoo . artoo whistle a reply . suddenly , the ship 's system go on , and the ship begin to levitate . anakin : ( cont would ) all right , thanks artoo ! great idea ! I will take over . let 's see ... anakin steer the ship toward the droid . he push a button , and the ship begin to shake . anakin : ( cont would ) where 's the trigger ? oops , wrong one .. maybe this one .... anakin push a second button , and the laser begin to fire , wiping out several destroyer droid . artoo whistle a cheer . anakin : ( cont would ) yeah , all right . " droid blaster . " yeah ! the jedi be engage in a fierce sword fight with darth maul . they have move into the center of the hanger . while the wheel droid be momentarily distract by anakin , captain panaka , padme , and her troops exit into a palace hallway . the wheel droid start fire at anakin . there be explosion all around he . anakin : ( cont would ) oops ... shield up ! always on the right ... shield always on the right . anakin flip several switch , and the after-burner ignites . anakin : ( cont would ) I know we be move . I will shut the energy drive down . the fighter rocket out of the hanger . artoo and anakin hold on for dear life . anakin : ( cont would ) oops !! wrong one . artoo beep . anakin : ( cont would ) I be not do anything ! artoo beep . anakin : ( cont would ) I know ... I do not push anything . the sith lord 's move be incredible . he be fight the two jedi at once , flipping into the air , outmaneuvering they at every turn . int . naboo starfighter - cockpit - space the naboo fleet leave the planet and head toward the space station . ric olie : bravo Flight a , take on the fighter . Flight B , make the run on the transmitter . bravo two : Roger , bravo leader . the fleet approach the space station . many federation fighter exit the hanger and attack . ric olie : enemy fighter straight ahead ! ext . naboo grass palin - day jar jar 's clumsiness work for he in the battle . he get catch up in the wiring of a blast droid , drag the torso around with he , the droid 's gun fire randomly , accidently blast several droid in one process . oom - 9 decide to send in the wheel droid and give the signal . hundred of wheel droid roll out of the transport and head down toward the battle . they slowly roll through the deflector shield , then transform themselves once they get on the other side . the gungan blast the wheel droid with energy ball . the destroyer droid blast many gungan . int . naboo starfighter - cockpit - space a giant dogfight ensue . anakin 's fighter fly into space above naboo . artoo beep a worried concern . anakin : the autopilot be search for what other ship ? artoo beep and whistle . anakin : ( cont would ) there be no manual override , artoo . you will have to rewire it or something . artoo chirp that he 's try . anakin : ( cont would ) look ! there they be ! that 's where the autopilot be take we . anakin 's fighter fly toward the federation battleship . int . theed - central hanger - day the sith lord drive the jedi out of the hanger and nto the power generator area next door . int . theed - power generator pit - day Three sword be cross in a intense display of swordmanship . the jedi and the sith lord fight they way across the narrow bridge of the theed power generator . darth maul jump onto the bridge above they . the jedi follow , one in front of the sith lord and one behind . they continue they sword fight . int . theed - palace - hallway - day padme , captain panaka , eirtae , sabe and thier troops be trap in a hallway by battle droid . padme : we do not have time for this , Captain . capt . panaka : let 's try the outside stairway . captain panaka blast a hole in the window , and they make they way outside the building onto a ledge about six storey above a raging waterfall . sabe , eirtae and about twenty naboo soldier stay in the hallway to hold off the battle droid . ext . theed - palace - over waterfall - day padme , captain panaka , and about ten other naboo soldier be line up along the edge . they have pull small attachment out of they pistol and fire at a ledge about four storey above they . thin cable shoot out of the pistol and be embed into the ledge . padme , captain panaka , and the other begin to climb up the wall . ext . naboo grass plain day the gungan army be no match for the destroyer droid . jar jar try to run from the battle droid . general ceel : retreat ! retreat ! the gungan begin to turn and run , on foot , on they kaadu , and in wagon . jar jar attempt to escape on a wagon of energy ball but only manage to unhitch the back gate , cause all of the energy ball to roll out of the wagon and down the hill . jar jar scramble to avoid be hit by one of the ball . four destroyer droid be not so lucky . they get blast by the energy ball . the gungan renew they attack on the droid army . jar jar 's bumbling destroy several more destroyer droid . int . naboo starfighter - cockpit - space anakin find himself in the middle of the space battle . a ship explode behind he ( over he leave shoulder ) . anakin : whoo , boy ! this be tense ! he look forward to see enemy ship approach head on . anakn : ( cont would ) : oops ! artoo , get we off autopilot ! artoo scream a reply . anakin : ( cont would ) I have get control ? anakin fip switch . anakin : ( cont would ) okay , let 's go leave ! he move the control leave and the ship respond , turn leave . anakin : ( cont would ) yes ... I have get control . you do it , artoo ! artoo beep anakin : ( cont would ) go back !?! qui- gon tell I to stay in this cockpit and that 's what I be gonna do . now c'mon ! a enemy fighter come into he sight . anakin push the control and instead of fire , he fighter accelerate past the enemy ship . anakin : ( cont would ) oops ! whoa ! now the enemy ship be on he tail . he try evasive maneauver . anakin : ( cont would ) I will try spin , that 's a good trick . anakin roll the ship as artoo scream desperately . anakin : ( cont would ) I know we be in trouble ! hang on ! the way out of this mess be the way we get into it . artoo beep a reply . anakin : ( cont would ) which one ? this one ? anakin yank on the reverse thruster and the ship slow instantly - the enemy fighter shoot past and explode against the space station . int . naboo starfighter - cockpit - space the squadron attack the space station . ric olie : bravo flight ... go for the central bridge . bravo two : roger , bravo leader . the attack be fruitless . ric olie : they deflector shield be too strong . we will never get through it . meanwhile , anakin be be chase by another fighter . artoo shriek . anakin : I know , artoo ! this be not podrace ! the enemy ship fire and hit anakin 's fighter , send it into a spin . artoo scream . anakin : ( cont would ) we be hit ! anakin regains control as he ship enter the space station hanger . anakin : ( cont would ) great gob of bantha poo-doo ! anakin 's ship dodge park transport ship and other obstacle . a huge bulkhead block he way . artoo beep . anakin : ( cont would ) I be try to stop ! I be try to stop ! whoa ! anakin hit the reverse thruster and the ship skid to a stop on the hanger deck . artoo givesout a worried whistle . anakin : ( cont would ) all right ! all right ! get the system start ! anakin duck down to adjust a control panel . anakin : ( cont would ) everything 's overheate . all the light be red . artoo see droid appraoch , and beep frantically . int . theed - power generator pit - day the laser sword battle continue on the small catwalk around the vast power pit . darth maul kick obi - wan off one of the ramp and he fall several level . qui - gon knock the dark lord off another ramp , and he land hard on a ramp two level below . qui - gon jump down after he . the dark lord back away along the catwalk into a small door . qui - gon follow as obi - wan run to catch up . int . theed - power generator elecric beam - hallway the sith lord , follow by qui - gon , enter a long hallway fill with a series of deadly ray that go on and off in a pulsing pattern that shoot down the corridor every minute or so . darth maul make it down several wall of deadly ray before they close . qui - gon be one wall away from the dark lord . obi - wan be just start into it and be five wall way from darth maul . the jedi must wait until the next pulse to advance down the corridor . obi - wan be impatient and pace , wait for the wall of ray to open . qui - gon sit and meditate . the sith lord try to patch up he wound . int . theed - palace - hallway to throne room a window in the hallway blast apart . padme , captain panaka , and her soldier climb into the hallway . they head for the door to the throne roo . suddenly , two destroyer droid skitter in front of the door . padme turn around and see two more appear at the far end of the hallway , trapping they in the middle . padme throw down she pistol and turn to captain panaka . padme : throw down you weapon . they win this round . capt . panaka : but we can not .... padme : Captain , I say throw down you weapon . captain panaka and he men throw down they weapon . ext . naboo grass plain - day a destroyer droid blast one of the shield generator , cause it to explode . the protective shield begin to weaken and fall apart . oom - 9 see the shield weaken and order he tank forward . the gungan general signal a retreat as the tank enter the battle . the gungan flee as fast as they can . jar jar be blow off he kaadu and land on one of the tank gun . a gungan warrior signal jar jar to jump off . jar jar be afraid . the gun swing around try to knock jar jar off . jar jar hang from the tank barrel as it move along . finally , he jump onto a kaadu behind a gungan warrior . explosion from the tank fire be everywhere . it be chaos . int . theed - power generator electric beam - hallway the electric ray cycle as qui - gon sit meditate . the wall of the deadly ray turn away , and obi - wan start run toward qui - gon and the dark lord . when the wall between qui - gon and darth maul open , qui - gon be in a split second fight the dark lord with a ferocity not see before . they move into the area at the end of the corridor call the melting pit , a small area that be mostly make up of a deep hole . the electron ray gate begin to close . obi - wan try to make it to the melting pit but be catch one gate short . he slide to a stop just before he hit the deadly electron field . qui - gon and darth maul battle around the melting pit as a frustrated obi - wan watch . darth maul cathce qui - gon off guard . the sith make a quick move , bashes he lightsaber handle into qui - gon 's chin , and run he through . qui - gon slump to the floor in a heap . ext . naboo grass plain - day the gungan have beeb overrun . some flee into the hill , chase by battle droid on stap . many other be herde into group by battle droid and destroyer droid . jar jar and general ceel be hold in a small group with other officer . jar jar : dissa bad , berry bombad . general ceel : Mesa hopen dissa work for da Queen . int . thed - palace throne room - day padme , captain panaka , and six other officer be bring by ten battle droid before nute and rune and four neimoidian council member . nute : you little insurrection be at a end , you highness . time for you to sign the treaty ... and end this pointless debate in the Senate . sadbe dress like the Queen appear in the doorway with several troops . several destroy battle droid can be see in the distance . sabe : I will not be signing any treaty , viceroy , because you have lose ! nute and the other be stunne to see a second queen . nute yell at the ten guard in the room . nute : after she ! this one be a decoy ! six of the droid rush out of the throne room after sabe . nute turn to padme . nute : ( cont would ) you Queen will not get away with this . padme slump down on she throne and immediately hit a security button that open a panel in she desk opposite captain panaka . padme grab two pistol , toss one of the to captain panaka and one to a officer . she take a third pistol and blast the last of the battle droid . the officer rush to the door control panel as padme hit the switch to close the door . the officer at the door jam the control . captain panaka throw more pistol to the other guard . the neimodian be confuse and afraid . padme : now , viceroy , this be the end of you occupation here . nute : do not be absurd . there be too few of you . it will not be long before hundred of destroyer droid break in to rescue we . int . theed - power generator - melting pit obi - wan scream as the pulsing electron gate open , and the sith lord attack he . the dark lord be relentless in he assault on the young jedi . obi - wan and darth maul use the Force to fling object at each other as they fight . darth maul seem to have the upper hand as obi - wan grow weary . darth maul catch obi - wan off guard , and the jedi slip into a melting pit . he be barely able to hold onto a nozzle on the side of the pit . darth maul grin evilly at obi - wan as he kick obi - wan 's lightsaber down the endless shaft . the sith lord smile as he go in for the kill . at the last moment , obi - wan jump up out of the pit , call qui - gon 's lightsaber to hi , throw darth maul off . the young jedi swing with a vengeance , cut the sith down . darth maul fall into the melting pit to he death . obi - wan rush over to qui - gon , who be die . obi - wan : master ! master ! qui - gon : it be too late ... it 's ... obi - wan : no! qui - gon : obi-wan promise ... promise I you will train the boy ... obi - wan : yes , master ... qui - gon : he be the choose one ... he will ... bring balance ... train he ! qui - gon die . obi - wan cradle he master , quietly weep . int . naboo starfighter - cockpit - federation hanger anakin peek over the edge of the cockpit to see battle droid surround the ship . he duck back down . anakin : uh oh . this be not good . he look at the dashboard to see red light . anakin : ( cont would ) the system be still overheate , artoo . the battle droid captain walk up to the ship and see artoo . battle droid captain : where 's you pilot ? artoo beep a reply . battle droid captain : ( cont would ) you be the pilot ? artoo whistle . battle droid captain : ( cont would ) let I see you identification ! anakin see the dashboard light go from red to green . anakin : yes ...we have ignition . he flip the switch and the engine start . battle droid captain : ( see anakin ) you ! come out of there or we will blast you ! anakin : not if I can help it ! shield up ! anakin flip a switch and the ship levitate , knock over the battle droid captain . the other droid shoot , but the laser be deflect by anakin 's shield . artoo beeep . anakin : ( cont would ) this should stop they . anakin fire laser as the ship begin to rotate . anakin : ( cont would ) ... and take this ! he press a button and launch two torpedo which miss the droid . anakin : ( cont would ) darn ... I miss ! the two torpedo fly down a hallway and explode inside the reactor room . anakin : ( cont would ) let 's get out of here ! anakin 's ship roar through the hanger deck , bounce over the droid . anakin : ( cont would ) now , this be podrace ! whoopee ! int . federation battleship - bridge tey how turn to captain dofine . tey how : Sir , we be lose power ... there be some problem with the main reactor ... dofine : impossible !! I do not ... the bridge explode . int . naboo fighter - cockpit - space ric olie watch in amazement as the federation battleship start to explode from the inside out . bravo two : what 's that ?? it 's blow up from the inside . ric olie : I do not know , we do not hit it . bravo three : look ! one of ours ! outta the main hold !! ext . naboo grass plain - day suddenly , all of the droid begin to shake upside down , run around in circle , then stop . the gungan carefully move out to inspect the frozen droid . jar jar push one of the battle droid , and it fall over . jar jar : wierdind ... ext . theed - central hanger - day anakin and artoo follow the squad of yellow naboo starfighter into the main hanger . int . theed - central hanger - day ric olie and the other pilot gather around as thye exit they ship . bravo two : he fly into the hold , behind the deflector shield and blast the main reactor ... bravo three : amazing ... they do not teach that in the academy . anakin 's ship skid to a stop behind the other naboo starfighter . ric olie , bravo two , the other pilot , and ground crew rush to he ship . ric olie : we be all account for . who fly that ship ? anakin sheepishly open the cockpit and stand up . all the pilot stare in amazement . anakin : I be not go to get into trouble , be I ? artoo beep . oh. oh . int . MAIN hanger - courtyard - day the large , grand cruiser of the Supreme chancellor land in the courtyard of the main hanger . captain panaka and twenty troops guard nute gunray and rune haako . obi - wan , the queen , and she handmaiden stand before the neimoidian . padme : now , viceroy , you be go to have to go back to the Senate and explain all this . capt . panaka : I think you can kiss you Trade franchise goodbye . the main ramp of the cruiser be lower as obi - wan and captain panaka lead the viceroy and he assistant toward the ship . the grand chancellor palpatine and several republic guard descend the walkway , follow by yoda and several other jedi master . the chancellor palpatine be greet by the queen . amidala : congratulation on youer election , chancellor . it be so good to see you again . palpatine : it 's good to be home . you boldness have save we people , you majesty . it be you who should be congratulate . together we shall bring peace and prosperity to the Republic . obi - wan greet yoda and the other jedi as captain panaka take the neimodian onto the cruiser . int . turret room - naboo palace - late day the sun stream into the multi-window room at a low angle . it be not quite sunset . yoda pace before obi - wan , who be kneel in the center of the room . yoda : confer on you , the level of jedi knight the coucil do . but agree on you take this boy as you padawan learner , I do not . obi - wan : qui- gon believe in he . I believe in qui-gon . yoda : the chosen one the boy may be ; nevertheless , grave danger I fear in he training . obi - wan : master yoda , igave qui- gon my word . I will train anakin . without the approval of the Council if I must . yoda : qui-gon 's defiance I sense in you . need that , you do not . agree , the council do . you apprentice , young skywalker will be . ext . theed - central plaza - funeral temple step - sunset qui - gon 's body go up in flame as the jedi council , the queen , sio bibble , captain panaka , the handmaiden , and about one hundre naboo troopes , twenty other jedi , palpatine , obi - wan ( stand with anakin ) , jar jar , boss nass , and twenty other gungan warrior watch . there be a drum roll that stop . dove be release , and the body be go . anakin look to obi - wan . obi - wan : he be one with the Force , anakin ... you must let go . anakin : what will happen to I now ? obi - wan : I be you master now . you will become a jedi , I promise . to one side , mace windu turn to yoda . mace windu : there be no doubt . the mysterious warrior be a sith . yoda : always two there be .... no more ... no less . a maste and a apprentice . mace windu : but which one be destroy , the master or the apprentice ? they give each other a concerned look . ext . theed - central plaza - day childeren sing and throw flower on the pass gungan soldier . the crowd cheer . it be a grand parade . queen amidala stand next to the supreme chancellor palpatine , anakin , obi - wan , sio bibble , and the jedi council . artoo stand in front of the queen' handmaiden and whistle at the parade . queen amidala and palpatine smile at one another in the parade be boss nass and he guard , jar jar and general ceel . the gungan ride kaadu . they stop before the queen and walk up the step to stand by she side . boss nass hold up the Globe of peace . everyone cheer . the parade march on . Iris out end title