the thing my father never taught I written by burleigh Smith django reinhardt's " tea for two " . fade in : int . live room - night . albert , a middle - age man , feed melvin , a two - year-old . adult melvin ( v.o . ) I love my father and he teach I many useful thing . but he do not teach I anything at all about woman . there be a time when I resent that . and then , one day , it occur to I that perhaps he do not know all that much about the fairer sex . on the other side of the room , corinne , a vulgar , morbidly obese woman , sit on the couch and devour a large packet of potato chip . adult melvin ( v.o . ) one look at my mother and I have conclusive proof . she burp loudly and give a smile of satisfaction . ext . east perth street - present day . melvin , now thirty - two , walk along with mike , three . both be bespectacle . melvin here 's what I be go to do , son . I will give it to you straight . I be not go to fill you head with storey about fictitious character like Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny or God . there 's only one thing you need to worry about in this life and that 's woman . and I be go to teach you everything I know about the art of meeting , court and seduce them . do not worry about anything else , there 's nothing more important . reading , write , toilet training you can learn later in life . 2 . int . department store - day . Mike , wear cute denim overall with a teddy bear embroider on the front , stand on a footstool in front of melvin and a tailor . melvin clothes maketh or unmaketh the man . what be you think when you put that on this morning ? that you be go to spend the day in the sandpit ? Mike respond with a look of innocence and confusion . melvin ( to tailor ) we will take the best you have get . ( to Mike ) the finer the thread , the more inclined the lady will be to tear they off . I know , do not try to make sense of they logic . they have none . ext . cafe - day . melvin at a table with Mike , who be now dress in smart casual attire and look more like he father . melvin of course , it 's not all about clothes . it 's the way you carry yourself too . you have gotta make a conscious effort to be relaxed but in control in all situation . and a little playful . go for a expression where you be suppress mild amusement . but do not overdo it . you want to look dignify at all time . melvin glance over to Mike , who be pick he nose . melvin damnit , son ! be you not listen to a word I say ? Mike freeze , unsure what to do , he finger still plant in he nostril . melvin yank it out . 3 . ext . preschool - day . melvin and Mike approach the entrance . melvin now meeting the right person be really all about spend enough time in the right place . so we be go to a new preschool today . one in a higher socioeconomic suburb . ext . playground - day . melvin and Mike sit on a bench and watch child at play . melvin well ? Mike look around then point . melvin you like the girl over there ? Mike nod . she 's molly , three . a shy , bespectacle girl , she sit on she own and read a book . melvin uh ... yeah . I think there 's enough geek gene in we family . it 's time to diversify . elsewhere , brittany , four , be taunting another child . melvin and avoid that bitchy girl . she may be pretty but believe I , it 's not worth the trouble . you definitely do not want to get involved with someone like you mother . melvin keep look . he point out amelie , three , well - dress and eat a baguette . melvin stay away from the french girl too . french woman have no moral . 4 . melvin it might be great for a bit of slap and tickle after midnight when the only meat you buddy be get be at a kebab shop . but there 's no word in french for " fidelity " and what we be look for be a serious relationship . I mean , what you be look for . ( awkwardly unconvincing ) I be fine . sarah , three , blonde and dress in pink , sit at a table nearby . she talk excitedly with a group of girl . melvin she 's popular , good-look . she seem friendly enough . I think barbie there might be worth a try . Mike do not look so sure . melvin go and talk to she . intimidate , Mike shake he head , he eye plead . melvin c'mon ! it 's better to get shot down than wonder " what if ? " melvin give he a push in Sarah 's direction . melvin just show a interest in the thing that interest she and you will have plenty to talk about . Mike , look completely out of place in he flashy clothes , apprehensively approach the girl . they stop talk and watch he . he pick up Sarah 's handbag and admire it , put it over he shoulder . then he try on she sun hat and slip into she discard pink shoe . the girl laugh at he and run away . melvin cover he face in disbelief . 5 . a moment later . back on the bench , melvin scold Mike . melvin would you like to go to the toyshop later on ? you can pick out a nice fairy costume . what be you do to I , boy ?! Mike shrug defensively . melvin we need to toughen up you image now . most girl be attract to bad boy . see if you can start some sort of altercation with she . understand ? Mike think , then nod he head . a moment later . Mike grab a handful of sand from the sandpit , march up to Sarah and throw it forcefully into she face . Sarah start to cry , draw the attention of everyone in the playground . Mike smile and look to he father for approval . melvin be horrify . int . florist - day . Mike struggle with a large arrangement of flower . melvin pay the florist . melvin well that be over the top but at least you get she attention . and it 's better to be know as a jerk rather than a fruitcake . the good news be you now have the opportunity to apologise . if you can feign sincerity and a desperation for forgiveness , you should be able to endear yourself to she . ( to florist ) leave the price tag on . we want she to know how much we pay . 6 . ext . playground - day . melvin watch from the other side of the high fence . Mike carry the flower across the playground . he see Sarah be comfort by she friend . then he see Molly , who be still read she book . melvin gesture for Mike to give the flower to Sarah . Mike think , then give they to Molly instead . melvin groan and throw he hand up in frustration . ext . carpark - day . melvin point he finger in Mike 's face . melvin I be try to do the right thing by you and you mess everything up ! you be as incompetent as ... the government film funding body ! mary , early thirty and attractive , approach with Molly , who carry the flower . mary Molly love she flower . thank you . melvin 's attitude change immediately . melvin oh. no problem . they be my idea . mary well it be a very nice gesture . she continue walk , then stop . mary we be go to lunch at the cafe on the corner . would you and Mike like to join we ? melvin absolutely . we will see you there . Mary and Molly leave . melvin turn back to Mike . 7. melvin great work my friend ! look like we be in for a double date . he clap a high five with he son . melvin and the perfect chance for you to learn from a master at work . int . cafe on the corner - day . melvin , Mike , Mary and Molly sit around a table . before eat , Mary and Molly bow they head in prayer . Mike watch they and do the same . unseen by the other , melvin decide to give thanks too . and not for the food in front of he . ext . park - day . melvin and Mary sit and watch they child laugh as they chase each other about . mary they seem to like each other . melvin they certainly do . mary Molly have a birthday party come up . would you like to come ? melvin absolutely . mary I be think about a sleepover ? or be it too soon ? she smile at he . melvin raise a eyebrow seductively . melvin a " sleepover " would be great . no such thing as " too soon " when you be with the right person . 8. he move closer to Mary . he put one hand on she leg and use the other to play with she hair . she pull away violently and stand . mary what be you do ?! melvin get to know you . before the " sleepover " . mary I mean Mike come over to spend the night . not he dad . melvin oh . unimpress , she walk over to Molly , lift she into she arm and they leave . Mike stare coldly at he father , he hand on he hip . ext . bus stop - day . Mike pick flower from a nearby garden . melvin sit alone , deject . Mike approach and whisper in he ear . melvin it 's better to get shot down than wonder " what if ? " ? Mike whisper more . melvin I now have the opportunity to apologise and endear myself to she ? Mike present he father with a small arrangement of hand - pick flower . melvin think . melvin yeah ! yeah , you be right . I have teach you well ! he take the flower , lean over and kiss he boy fondly on the head . fade out .