for you consideration adapted screenplay david hare base upon the novel by michael cunningham fade in : ext . monk' house ( rodmell , england ) - day a river flow , not far from a small house in the sussex countryside . superimpose : sussex , england . 1941 . it be the 28th of March , a desolate , gray morning , as a woman of 59 , very thin , in a huge overcoat with a fur collar , come out of the house and hurry across the lawn . the edge of the lawn turn into a grassy , open field as she carry on she way , move quickly , determinedly towards she destination . ext . river ouse - day the woman reach a embankment and have to clamber down to a brackish , mud-brown River Ouse . her elegant , unsuitable shoe stick in the mud . the woman be see more closely -- she face pale , fine , gaunt . as soon as she get to the river 's edge she look round for a suitable stone . she see one lie on the ground , the size and shape of a pig 's skull . she pick it up and cram it a little clumsily into the pocket of she coat . then virginia woolf turn and without take off she shoe begin to wade out into the river . ext . / int . monk' house - day leonard woolf be come in from the garden on the other side of the house . at this point , he be 61 . he have muddy corduroy and a pullover , the very picture of the aging intellectual -- austere , ascetic with a fine forehead and glass . he come distractedly into a small hallway at the back of the house and start take off he Wellington boot , unaware of anything wrong . int . monk' house - sitting room - day two blue envelope be propped up on the mantelpiece . in handwrite , the single word " Leonard " be on one ; the single word " vanessa " be on the other . leonard be hand reach to lift he envelope , leave the other where it be . he stand , fearful . the sit room of the house be bohemian , casual , artistic , attractive . a young maid come into the room , unaware of the drama that be about to unfold . maid be you ready for lunch , sir ? ( continued ) continued : leonard not quite . not just at the moment . the maid go out . leonard , still in he gardening clothes , be tense as he open the envelope . he unfold two blue page . virginia woolf be voice be hard as she read the letter . virginia ( v.o. ) dearest , I feel certain that I be go mad again . I feel we can not go through another of this terrible time . and I sha not recover this time . I begin to hear voice and can not concentrate . so I be do what seem the best thing to do . leonard look up , alarmed , beginning to panic . virginia ( v.o. ) you have give I the great possible happiness . you have be in every way all that anyone could be . I know that I be spoil you life , that without I you could work . and you will , I know . ext . monk' house ( rodmell ) - day leonard run back down to pull on he Wellington boot , then run out of the back room . he come out of the house and move rapidly down the lawn . terrify , he begin to run as the river come in sight . meanwhile : virginia ( v.o. ) you see , I can not write this properly . I want to say be that I owe all the happiness of my life to you . you have be entirely patient with I and incredibly good . everything have go from I but the certainty of you goodness . I can not go on spoil you life any longer . I do not think two people could have be happier than we have be . leonard have reach the edge of the river . he see a woman 's footprint in the mud . he look out across its empty , flow surface . virginia ( v.0o . ) Virginia . ext . river - day at once the image of virginia woolf be body , face down , swirl fantastically like a Catherine wheel , back on the surface of the water and carry along by the current . her hair be unloose , she coat have billow out . her body swirl , move fast downstream , wildly festoon like ophelia , then come to rest against a underwater pillar and curl up like a baby as the water catch the corpse against the stone . it be catch against the stanchion of a bridge . over the bridge , in convoy , a line of Army truck be pass , load with soldier in transit . the convoy pass over , ignorant of the corpse beneath the bridge . ext . / int . the browns ' house ( los angele ) - dawn credit sequence . now a delivery truck move down a suburban street . superimpose : los angele . 1951 . the credit begin . it be only just past dawn as the truck pass a car come from the opposite direction . the car approach a one - level , small detach house , which sit , secure , confident , a family image of post - war America . the car draw up in the drive , and from it get out dan brown , a sturdy , handsome american , just turn 30 . he wear suit trousers and a white open-neck shirt , and he be carry a bunch of white rose . he let himself in through the front door , and move , rose in hand , along past the sit room with its pastel shade and low , sparse furniture into the kitchen . as he reach for a vase , he look towards the door of a nearly - darken bedroom which be open at the back of the house . a few ray of light from the window help to pick out shape . in the bedroom LAURA brown , a few year older than dan , be lie asleep in the bed . she be small , angular and fragile . she turn a moment in she sleep . ext . hogarth house ( richmond ) - dawn ( 1923 ) superimpose : richmond , england . 1923 . a young leonard woolf , only 43 , be walk past the church , carry a newspaper and a pile of envelope and package he have collect . this suburban quarter , a half a hour away from London , be rich with flower , lawn , tree . in the other direction come the morning commuter , dark - coat man , on they way to the station to work . beside the church be a big gray-stone house , its great face unmove in the dawn . 10 int . hogarth house - hall and gallery - dawn 9 leonard woolf open the door of the house and go into the hall , which be line with painting . he put down the package and paper and look up in time to see a man in he 60 , obviously a doctor -- he carry a doctor 's bag and be in a dark coat -- come down the stair , head to have a word with he . leonard ah , Doctor . good morning . doctor Mr. woolf . no worse , I think . the main thing be to keep she where she be , keep she calm . leonard mmm. Friday then ? doctor Friday . they conversation be leave behind . upstair , on the first floor , beyond the banister of a open gallery , be the room the doctor have come out of . Inside the bedroom , a woman be alone . she be lie chastely , blind down at the window . she be the young virginia woolf , now only 41 . she be stare up at the ceiling . ext./ int . clarissa' apartment ( new york ) - dawn ( 2001 ) 10 superimpose : new york CITY , 2001 . a subway train rattle violently past and a lone woman be leave stand on the platform . at street level , the sun be just about to rise down West 10th , one of the leafiest and most pleasant street in the Village . the woman , sally lester , be walk quickly down the dawn street , return home . she be tall , dark , dynamic , in she late 30 , wear a leather jacket and jeans . she approach a high red-brick terrace house , go up the step and let herself in through its white - paint front door . sally go up to the first - floor apartment , which she also unlock . sally walk straight through the live room of quiet , bloomsbury - bourgeois homeliness -- terracotta and pine , clay post , ceramics , plant and massive number of book . she go down a corridor into a warm - color bedroom , light beginning to beat now against large blind . sally shed clothes as she go , take off she leather jacket and jeans , stripping down to a T-shirt and knicker . she get into the bed , do nothing to wake the apparently sleep figure beside she . clarissa vaughan be short of 50 , tall , splendid beside the smaller sally . clarissa do not react visibly , but a moment after sally close she eye , clarissa open hers . 11 12 int . montage - all of the above - all dawn 11 2001 , 1951 and 1923 . in montage , dan brown stand in the bedroom in front of the mirror , tie he tie . clarissa throw back the sheet from the bed and get up . she come into the small bathroom in she white night gown , tie she hair back behind she head . LAURA , awake now , reach for a book which be lie at the side of she bed . as she hand reach for it , the title be clearly see : Mrs. dalloway . virginia sit alone in she bedroom in she dress - gown , look at herself in the mirror , then lift she finger to adjust she hair . Water pour onto clarissa be face in the shower as she reach she naked arm out in front of she to grope for the tap , invisible in steam . dan set out the breakfast thing at the kitchen table for three people , 's then go and spoon nescafe for himself into a mug . he pour on hot water . clarissa , in a robe , go to fill she percolator from a kitchen sink which be full of live crab , in water . virginia complete dress , check herself neatly in the mirror , walk down the corridor and stand for a moment at the top of the stair , readying herself . clarissa come into she live room , stand in the middle with she remote control and adjust the lighting , then turn on a classical radio station . LAURA arrange the pillow to enjoy a luxurious few moment of read . she turn to listen for the sound of she husband in the kitchen . in succession , the three woman , suspend : virginia , pause , clarissa look around satisfied with the environment she have create , LAURA listen . then one thing disturb clarissa : a bunch of sorry - look dead flower in the corner of the room . she shake she head in irritation . dan bring he rose from the sink and put the vase on the kitchen table . as he do so , another vase be put down by a maid be hand , this time with a bunch of blue cornflower . as it go down , echoing the identical motion from 28 year later , the credit end . int . hogarth house - hall and gallery - day ( 1923 ) 12 the vase of cornflower be see to be on a table in the open hall of hogarth House . leonard woolf be sit eat toast , drink coffee , and already proof-reading a manuscript . he look up at the sound of virginia appear from upstairs . virginia good morning , Leonard . leonard good morning , Virginia . how be you sleep ? ( continued ) 12 continued : 12 virginia uneventful . leonard the headache ? virginia no . no headache . leonard the doctor seem pleased . virginia help herself to tea from the table and nod at the mail . virginia that 's all from this morning ? leonard yes . this young man have submit he manuscript . I have find three error of fact and two spelling mistake and I be not yet on page four . leonard be watch she all the time and see that she be not plan to sit down . leonard have you have breakfast ? virginia yes . leonard liar . leonard be tone be casual . he have the quiet , tactful manner of a good nurse . leonard Virginia , it be not my insistence . it 's the wish of you doctor . virginia just look at he , not answer . leonard I be go to send nelly up with a bun and some fruit . again , virginia look at leonard , disobediently . ( continued ) 12 13 14 15 continued : ( 2 ) 12 leonard very well , then . lunch . a proper lunch . husband and wife sit down to soup , pudding and all . by force , if necessary . virginia Leonard , I believe I may have a first sentence . leonard look she in the eye , know how stubborn she be . leonard work , then . but then you must eat . int . hogarth house - study - day 13 virginia go into she plain , serene study and sit down , pick up a board on which she write . there be a inkwell , a fountain pen . she light a cigarette . then , charge with quiet excitement , she open a clean notebook . the blank page . then a feel of pleasure appear on she face in the hushed room . before write she try she sentence out loud . virginia Mrs. dalloway say she would buy the flower herself . int . browns ' house - los angele ( 1951 ) 14 LAURA be lie in the bed , luxuriate in a moment of be alone . she reach for the copy of Mrs. dalloway beside she bed and she open it . she smile in anticipate pleasure . she speak out loud . LAURA ' Mrs. dalloway say she would buy the flower herself . ' int . clarissa' apartment - new york ( 2001 ) 15 clarissa be stand in the middle of the live room , frown , as if wonder what she should do . then she call out to sally , unseen in the other room . clarissa Sally ! I think I will buy the flower myself . 16 17 int . clarissa' apartment - bedroom - day 16 sally , still lie in bed , blearily react to what she have hear . sally what ? what flower ? and then she remember what day it be . sally start to get out of bed . sally oh shit , I would forget ... sally fall back on the bed . int . browns ' house - day ( 1951 ) 17 a 5 - year-old boy be watch as cereal be pour into a bowl . LAURA and dan be son , richie , be sit at the table as dan prepare he breakfast . richie be in pajamas , a sensitive little boy , he face unable to censor he shifting feeling . dan be in shirt and tie , he jacket neatly hang on the back of a chair . dan there you be , son . you be never go to be a big boy if you do not eat you breakfast . you be go to be 's the big brother . it 's a very important job . richie be mommy get up this morning ? dan of course she be . of course mommy 's get up . she just need she rest . look . here she be . and indeed , LAURA have now appear in the doorway , the bulge of a early to mid-term pregnancy visible . LAURA shake she head at the sight of the white rose on the table . there 's something odd , distant in she manner . LAURA happy birthday . dan Morning , honey . LAURA oh , dan. rose . on you own birthday . you be too much , really . ( continued ) 17 continued : 17 ~ dan he will eat it now that you be here . dan gesture at richie . LAURA it 's you birthday . you should not be out buy I flower . dan well , you be still sleep . LAURA so ? dan well , we decide it would be better if we let you sleep ina little . do not we ? dan smile conspiratorially at he son . LAURA reach down and kiss richie . LAURA good morning , bug . co dan you need to rest , Laura . you be only four month away . LAURA honestly ! I be fine . I be just tired . dan touch she stomach tenderly . LAURA smile , but then slip away . she pour herself coffee . dan be put he jacket on over he dazzle white shirt , readying himself for work . dan I have be tell he he 's get to eat he breakfast . LAURA that 's true . dan so it 's a beautiful day . what be you two go to be do with it ? LAURA co oh , we have get we plan , have not : we ? ( continued ) 17 10 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 dan what plan ? : LAURA well , it would not be much of a party , would it , if I tell you every detail in advance ? dan then I would better stop ask question then , huh ? dan grin at richie , the whole performance for he benefit . dan hey , be that the time ? I would better get go . dan be look at he watch . it 's a morning ritual -- the same every day . he gather he briefcase and head for the door in haste . LAURA have a good day . dan you too . LAURA and , Dan ... dan stop at the door . LAURA happy birthday . dan thank you . dan be go . without he , the room feel silent . richie look at he mother . it 's as if she 's nervous at be leave alone with richie . LAURA wave good - bye to dan outside in the drive , then turn back to richie . LAURA you need to finish you breakfast . richie that 's what I be do . LAURA come and sit at the table . richie watch she , expectant . ( continued ) co 17 18 11 . continued : ( 3 ) 17 LAURA so. I be go to make a cake . that 's what I be go to do . I be go to make the cake for daddy 's birthday . richie mommie , can I help ? LAURA well ... richie can I help make the cake ? LAURA frown a second , as if regret she son 's eagerness . LAURA of course you can , sweet pea . I be not go to do anything without you . int . clarissa' apartment - day 18 sally appear from the bedroom and look down to the live room where she see clarissa can be hear on the phone . sally be pull on she jeans . the whole apartment be submerge in book -- bound proofs , hardback and manuscript . clarissa no , of course you must come . I mean it . I always want you to come . and everyone involved in the actual ceremony . clarissa acknowledge sally with a wave of the hand . sally turn and go into the kitchen while clarissa go back to the phone . clarissa I do not know . around sixty . well it will , it will mean so much . the whole occasion . and so the least I can do be have you all to dinner . just to say thank you . I mean it . of course . sally be go into the kitchen to pour hot coffee . she look into the sink at the wriggle crab . ( continued ) 18 19 20 12 . continued : 18 sally my God , what if nobody come ? I suppose we can live for a month off crustacean . sally come back into the room with she coffee and watch clarissa , who be still work she charm on the phone . sally mimic she , wordlessly . clarissa oh , I take that as a yes . oh , that 's great . I be thrilled . 0h , good . sally smile affectionately at how characteristic of clarissa this whole conversation have be . ext . west 10 th STREET ( new york ) _- day ( 2001 ) 19 the sun be shine as clarissa appear at the top of the little run of step from she apartment and head cheerfully out onto 10th Street . it 's a dazzle day . ext . WASHINGTON square - day 20 clarissa head down fifth Avenue in good spirit . rapper go by , skate- border . a few passer - by greet she as she move through the district , a familiar figure , at ease in she favorite quarter . she be on a mobile phone , still make she arrangement for the party . clarissa this be clarissa vaughan . yes , I be just confirm that you be send the car to pick I up first . yeah , and then we be go ... neighbor hi , clarissa ! clarissa hi , hi , can not talk . clarissa wave and return to she mobile . clarissa and then we be go over to six seventy - five Hudson . that 's right . between fourteenth and ninth . then uptown . and there I will need you to wait . and it will be over at seven . 21 22 13 . ext . spring STREET - day 21 now clarissa be pause for traffic and walk across spring Street towards a exquisite flower shop , which be deck in bucket of summer bloom . clarissa head cheerfully towards the glass door and go in . int . flower shop - day 22 clarissa go into the chic little flower shop and raise she arm a little to greet the owner . her name be barbara -- in she fifty , pale , with dark hair . clarissa Flowers ! what a beautiful morning ! barbara kiss clarissa and put a arm round she , the two of they at ease . barbara clarissa , hi ! how be you ? clarissa I be have a party ! my friend Richard 's win the carrouther . barbara well , that 's just terrific . if I know what it be . clarissa it 's a poetry prize . for a life 's work . it 's the most prestigious . for a poet it 's the best you can do . barbara oh. very good . clarissa be proud on Richard 's behalf but barbara be already point along the row of flower . barbara so what would you like ? we have get load of lily ... clarissa no. too morbid . hydrangeas , I think . and let 's just have bucket of rose . whatever . to hell with it . spare no expense . clarissa pick out one bunch of flower . ( continued ) 14 . 22 continued : 22 clarissa I be go to take this with I . barbara get out armful of yellow rose and take they to the desk , while a assistant take the one clarissa have pick out to take back herself . clarissa wander up the other end . now barbara be cut the stalk and wrapping they . barbara I actually try to read Richard 's novel . clarissa oh , do you ? I know it 's not easy . barbara smile , not unkindly , at the understatement . clarissa I know . it do take he ten year to write . barbara yeah , well , I figure . maybe it just take another ten to read . clarissa just smile , come to the counter to collect she flower . barbara it 's you , be not it ? clarissa what be ? barbara in the novel ? be not it mean to be you ? clarissa oh , I see . yeah . clarissa shrug , half - pleased , half - embarrassed . clarissa I mean , in a way . sort of . Richard 's a writer . that 's what he be . he use thing which actually happen . barbara yes . ( continued ) 22 23 24 25 26 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 clarissa and year ago , he and I be student , it 's true . but then he change thing . barbara sure . clarissa I do not mean in a bad way . barbara look at she a moment . clarissa frown . clarissa more like , he make they he own . int . hogarth house - study - day 23 virginia woolf sit in she study , pen poise . she speak to herself . virginia a woman 's whole life ... ext . spring STREET - day 24 clarissa come out of the flower shop , carry a bunch of flower and set off down the street . virginia continue speak underneath . virginia ( v.o. ) ... in a single day . int . browns ' house - kitchen - day ( 1951 ) 25 LAURA sit think at the kitchen table , turn the page of a cookery book . virginia ( v.0 . ) just one day ... and in that day , she whole life . richie have run across the kitchen and now climb he mother 's lap . ext . triangle build - day ( 2001 ) 26 now clarissa be walk through the meat market , carry she distinctive bunch of flower . ( continued ) 26 27 28 29 16 . continued : 26 she cross the road among the meat truck . and then she approach the huge , red-paint triangular building which loom up at she from the crossroad . int . richard's apartment - day 27 at a upstairs window a man in a dress gown part he curtain to look down at clarissa approach . int . / ext . triangle build - day 28 clarissa , confident , cheerful , approach a doorway cramme between the metal criss -crossing of fire escape . she open the door with a key and go into a tiny , squalid , airless lobby . a fluorescent panel splutter on the ceiling . clarissa head for the cheerless graffiti-strewn freight elevator , close the gate and ride upward . int . richard's apartment and corridor - day 29 clarissa ring the bell of richard be apartment , then press she face close to the door to listen . richard ( 0.s. ) ( inside ) Mrs. dalloway , it 's you . clarissa yes , it 's I . richard ( 0.s. ) ( inside ) come in . clarissa turn the lock with she own key and go in to a desolate loft space . the first space be in near darkness , a gloomy kitchen - bathroom area . clarissa pick she way carefully through to the second , larger space -- the live area -- where the man at the window be sit , pale , stick -limb , in a rotting armchair which be cover in towel . richard be in he late 40s , gaunt from aids , a noble skull merely , he boxer 's nose and high forehead light by a streak of light from between the blind . he be wear a blue robe with child - like drawing of rocket and astronaut on it . the whole place be bleach , chaotic , more or less bare of ornament . this be a man who have pare he life down to very little . ( continued ) 17 . 29 continued : 29 clarissa put down the flower and go to the blind . clarissa Richard , it 's a beautiful morning . how about I let in a little light ? richard be it still morning ? clarissa it be . clarissa raise one of the shade . richard barely move to greet the light . richard have I die ? be I alive ? clarissa bend over and kiss he forehead . richard good morning , my dear . clarissa any visitor ? richard yes . clarissa be they still here ? richard no . they have go . clarissa how do they look ? richard today ? sort of like black fire . I mean , sort of light and dark at the same time . there be one a bit like a electrify jellyfish . clarissa look at he a moment , then pick up the flower . richard they be sing . it may have be Greek . clarissa you do not sleep at all , do you ? ( continued ) 18 . 29 continued : ( 2 ) 29 of richard . oh , sleep . clarissa have go into the kitchen and call back through to he . clarissa I see three bluebird on the way over . do you think it 's a good omen ? richard do you believe in omen ? omens would mean someone be look after we , someone be watch . do you believe anyone 's watch ? do they send sign ? richard make a sort of grin , amused at the idea . richard I mean , I would love to believe it . clarissa the ceremony 's at five . do you co remember ? richard do I ? do I remember ? clarissa then the party 's after . clarissa have arrange the flower and now she reappear in the doorway of Richard 's room . clarissa look at he tolerantly , the long -suffer look of nurse to patient . his complex cocktail of pill be laid out neatly ona table nearby . clarissa they do bring you breakfast , do not they ? richard what a question . of course . clarissa you do eat it , Richard ? richard well can you see it ? be there any of breakfast lie around ? ( continued ) cc 29 continued : 19 . ( 3 ) 29 clarissa I can not see it . richard well , then , I must have eat it , must not I ? clarissa I suppose . richard do it matter ? clarissa of course it matter . you know what the doctor say . have you be skip pill ? clarissa be frown mistrustfully at the way the cocktail be laid out on the table but richard be suddenly impatient , ignore the question . richard clarissa , I can not take this . clarissa take what ? richard have to be proud and brave in front of everybody . clarissa honey , it 's not a performance . richard of course it be . I get the prize for my performance . clarissa well , that be nonsense . richard I get the prize for have aids and go nut and be brave about it . I actually get the prize for have come through . clarissa it 's not true . ( continued ) 29 20 . continued : ( 4 ) 29 richard for survive . that 's what I get the prize for . you think they would give it to I if I be healthy ? clarissa well , yes , as a matter of fact I do . richard look at she with a ironic gleam of doubt . richard be it here somewhere ? clarissa what ? richard the prize . I would like to look at it . clarissa you have not get it yet . it 's tonight . richard be you sure ? I remember the ceremony perfectly . I seem to have fall out of time . clarissa wait a moment , try to be patient . clarissa Richard , it 's a party . it 's only a party . populate entirely by people who respect and admire you . richard ah , small party , be it ? Select party , be it ? clarissa you friend . richard I think I lose all my friend . I drive my friend crazy . richard reach out and touch the flower . richard ' oh Mrs. dalloway , always give party to cover the silence ... ' ( continued ) 21 . 29 continued : ( 5 ) 29 clarissa be stunne a moment by he unkindness , and then rally , keep she anger at bay . : clarissa Richard , you will not need to do anything . all you have to do be appear , sit on the sofa . and I will be there . this be a group of people who want to tell you you work 's go to live . richard be it ? be my work go to live ? richard look at she without pity . richard I can not go through with it , clarissa . clarissa why do you say that ? richard I can not . clarissa why ? richard because I want to be a writer , that 's all . clarissa so ? richard get up , heaving himself across the room on a crutch . richard I want to write about it all . everything that 's happen in a moment . the way that flower look when you carry they in you arm -- this towel , how it smell , how it feel -- this thread -- all we feeling , yours and mine . the history of who we once be . everything that 's in the world . everything mix up . like it 's all mix up now . richard be eye fill with tear . ( continued ) 22 . 29 continued : ( 6 ) 29 richard and I fail . whatever you start with , it end up so much less . sheer fuck pride and stupidity . richard slump down again . clarissa watch , part impatient , part helpless . richard we want everything , do not we ? clarissa yes . I suppose we do . richard you kiss I on a beach ... clarissa yes . richard you remember ? clarissa of course . richard how many year ago ? clarissa shake she head , too overwhelm to answer . richard what do you want then ? again , clarissa say nothing . she be as upset as he be . richard come here , come closer , would you please ? clarissa I be right here . richard take my hand . clarissa take he painfully - thin hand , a handful of twig . richard would you be angry ? ( continued ) of 29 continued : 23 . ( 7 ) 29 clarissa would I be angry if you do not show up at the party ? richard no. would you be angry if I die ? clarissa if you die ? would I be angry if you die ? richard who 's this party for ? clarissa what do you mean ? who 's it for ? what be you ask ? what be you try to say ? richard I be not try to say anything ! I be say ! clarissa be panic now . richard I think I be only stay alive to satisfy you . clarissa be look at he , aghast . clarissa so? well ? that 's what we do . that 's what people do . they stay alive for each other . the doctor tell you : you do not need to die . the doctor tell you that . you can live like this for year . richard well exactly . richard smile , clarissa bitterly shake she head , firm now . clarissa I do not accept this . I do not accept what you be say . richard oh , what ? and it 's you to decide be it ? ( continued ) of 29 24 . continued : ( 8 ) 29 clarissa no . . richard how long have you be do this ? clarissa do what ? richard how many year , come to the apartment ? what about you own life ? what about Sally ? just wait till I die . then you will have to think of yourself . clarissa do not answer . richard smile , sure of he point . richard how be you go to like that ? clarissa let go of he hand , disturb . richard just look at she . clarissa get up and stand a moment , shake . then speak quietly . clarissa Richard , it would be great if you do come . if you feel well enough to come . just to let you know : I be make the crab thing . not that I imagine it make any difference . richard of course it make a difference . I love the crab thing . clarissa be about to leave but richard call across to she . richard clarissa ? clarissa yes ? richard raise he head slightly for she to kiss he . clarissa put she lip next to he , with great tenderness , not to hurt he . then she squeeze he shoulder . ( continued ) 29 30 31 25 . continued : ( 9 ) 29 clarissa I will come back at three - thirty to help you get dress . richard wonderful . clarissa go out . the sound of the apartment door be re-opened and then close . richard be alone . richard wonderful . int . apartment block - elevator - day 30 clarissa , in she dark glass , get back into the freight elevator , distraught from she encounter . she throw she head back in despair at the side of the elevator . the elevator go down . int . hogarth house - virginia's study - day ( 1923 ) 31 virginia woolf be still at she desk , just as before . but now the first page of she notebook be fill with handwrite . she speak again to herself . virginia it 's on this day , this day of all day , she fate become clear to she ... at once there be a loud knock at the door , interrupt virginia be thought . without wait for a answer , nelly boxall appear . she be large , red -face , regal , in cook 's apron . nelly Excuse I , Mrs. woolf , Mr. woolf say I be to come and speak to you . virginia I can not imagine why he say that . nelly , unyield , ignore virginia be tone . virginia I be nearly finish , nelly . please attend I in the kitchen and I will be down very soon . 32 26 . int . hogarth house - corridor and kitchen - day 32 virginia be come downstairs . she stop , stand with she back against the wall in the corridor outside the kitchen , prepare herself for the encounter ahead . from inside she can hear nelly chatter freely with lottie . nelly what happen be , she say she want something then it turn out she do not ... lottie well she never do , do she ? never want anything . nelly especially when she 's ask for it . that 's a sure sign . lottie I wish I would be there . nelly yeah , I wish you have , too . the two woman laugh cheerfully . virginia summon up she courage . lottie do you give she that look ? that sort of look you do ? nelly I say , ' madam ' ... but before nelly can finish , virginia have step into the open door and cut she off . nelly be roll out pastry and cut huge chunks of raw lamb . beside she , lottie be work . she be in she teens , dress identically to nelly , and collusive , not miss a trick . virginia yes , nelly , tell I , how can I help ? virginia move towards the table , try to take charge of she formidable servant . nelly it 's about lunch . virginia ah , yes . ( continued ) 27 . 32 continued : 32 nelly I just have to go ahead on my own . virginia I understand . virginia recoil slightly at the sight and smell of raw meat . virginia you choose a pie ? nelly I choose a lamb pie . virginia that seem suitable . nelly you be so busy with you write . virginia do not respond . lottie work on , impassive . nelly I have no instruction . and I think some of they yellow pear for pudding , unless you would like something fancier . virginia pear will be fine . nelly lift up pastry and fold it into the pan , a figure of righteous hard work . virginia you do remember that my sister be come at four with the family ? nelly yes , mar 'am , I have not forget . virginia China tea , I think . and ginger . nelly hesitates in she action . lottie register the moment also . nelly Ginger , madam ? ( continued ) 32 33 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 virginia I would like to give the child a treat . nelly we would have to go to London for ginger , mar 'am I have not finish this and there 's the rest of the lunch to get ready . virginia steel herself , not rise to the bait . virginia the twelve-thirty train , nelly , will get you to London just after one . if you return on the two - thirty , you will be back in Richmond soon after three . do I miscalculate ? nelly no . virginia well then . it 's a trial of strength . nelly do not move . virginia well then ? be something detain you , nelly ? virginia be tense . but she know she 's win . nelly put down the roll pin . virginia I can not think of anything more exhilate than a trip to London . int . hogarth house - printing room - day 33 virginia descend the stair to the print room . the room be overflow with manuscript . in the middle of the untidiness , leonard sit with a scowl , scrutinize proofs . beside he , a handsome young man , ralph partridge , be work at the inky hand - operate printing press . virginia good morning . ( continued ) 29 . 33 continued : 33 ralph good morning , Mrs. woolf . ralph look up , relieved to see she . the atmosphere be extremely tense . leonard we shall publish no more new author . I have to tell you I have discover ten error in the first proof . virginia lucky to have find they , then , Leonard . leonard ' paschendale be a charnel - house from which no minute return . ' do you think it be possible that bad write actually attract a higher incidence of error ? virginia be smile . virginia if it 's all right , I think I might take a short walk . leonard not far ? virginia no. just for air . leonard now give imperceptible consent -- just with he eye . leonard go then . if I could walk mid - morning , I would be a very happy man . virginia pause a moment at the barb , then go . ralph watch . 34 ext . paradise road - day 34 there be a school next to hogarth House and child in the playground . virginia come along the pavement in front of the railing , lose in a world of she own . she walk a little , then stop , without realize , and talk to herself . ( continued ) 30 . 34 continued : 34 virginia she will die . she 's go to die . that 's what 's go to happen . a couple of people pass , notice that this vague , genteel woman be talk to herself . now virginia stare at a couple of little schoolgirls in the playground , one earnestly whisper to the other , both intent . virginia that 's it . she will kill herself . she will kill herself over something which do not seem to matter . 35 int . browns ' house - kitchen - day ( 1951 ) 35 LAURA be still in she dress gown , but now with a apron tie over it . she be sit frown at a recipe book on the surface in front of she . beside she she have assemble all the element of cake-make -- egg , tin , sugar and a series of pale blue bowl . but the endeavor be stall . richie be stand beside she , wait patiently . LAURA let 's think . richie you grease the pan , mommy . LAURA I know you grease the pan , sweet one . even mommy know that . decisively she reach to assemble the element . richie frown , watch . LAURA okay . this be what we be go to do . flour. bowl. sifter . richie can I do it , mommy ? LAURA can you sift the flour ? LAURA smile at he . ( continued ) of 35 continued : 31 . 35 LAURA yes , you can sift the flour , baby , if that 's what make you happy . richie I would like to . LAURA okay . you do that . LAURA give richie a sieve , then pour the raw flour in for he to shake out . richie concentrate with great seriousness . flour fall through the sieve in a fine white powder into a blue china bowl . LAURA have LAURA be not it beautiful ? do not you think it look like snow ? go back to look at the recipe book again . LAURA next -- now this be the next thing . I be go to show you . the next thing be we measure out the cup . richie mommy , it be not that difficult . LAURA I know , sweet pea . I know it be not difficult . it 's just ... I want to do this for daddy . richie because it 's he birthday . LAURA that 's right . we be baking the cake to show he we love he . richie otherwise he will not know we love he ? LAURA look at she son a moment . LAURA that 's right . 36 32 . int . clarissa' apartment - day 36 clarissa be sit immobilize in the second bedroom . the room be stack with spare furniture which have be clear away to make room for the party . clarissa have sit down on a hard chair , still try to recover from she earlier encounter with richard . through the front door , full of cheerfulness , come sally , carry armful of dry clean and a load of balducci bag . sally I get all the stuff . my God , what a zoo . why do people have to talk about dry clean ? I mean what be there to talk about ? sally have go straight through to they own bedroom to put the dry clean down on the bed . now sally have come out into the corridor and be head with the shopping bag towards the kitchen . sally I buy you some flower . sally see she have be pre-empt by the abundant flower clarissa have already bring home . she throw she own offer down beside they . sally where be you ? clarissa in here . sally have put the bag down in the kitchen , and be beginning to get orange out of they . sally I get somebody to cover for I at work . I will be with you all night . sally open the fridge door and start put orange inside . she frown slightly at the silence from clarissa . sally be you all right ? clarissa sure . Sally smile to herself , not worried by clarissa be slump . sally I guess you see Richard . ( continued ) 36 continued : 33 . 36 clarissa that 's right . sally well , of course . I bet he say , ' oh by the way , honey , d' you mind , can I skip the party ? clarissa nod resignedly at sally prescience . in the other room , sally , still unload orange , nod in psychic response . sally , in sally do not worry . finally . he always show up . clarissa oh sure . sally in the end . what , Richard miss a award ? a chance to talk about he work ? I do not think so . he will show up . perpetual motion , have now come upon the table - party plan , a mixture of name and circle , which be laid out on the table . sally have sally you do the seating ? clarissa I do . sally I do not believe it . Louis Waters . Richard 's Louis ? be he come ? clarissa he be . sally you put I next to he . why do I always get to sit next to the ex' ? be this a hint , sweetheart ? anyway , should not ex 's have a table of they own ? where they can all ex together . in exquisite agony . appear at the jamb of the second bedroom . clarissa look up . ( continued ) CC 36 37 38 34 . continued : ( 2 ) 36 sally I be off . try not to pass out from excitement . clarissa , it 's go to be beautiful . clarissa thank you . sally no problem . sally turn and go out . clarissa be alone . the apartment be silent . clarissa why be everything wrong ? int . browns ' house - day ( 1951 ) 37 LAURA be look at the finish cake . it be not what she would hope . she have try to pipe out the message " happy birthday dan " on top . but the lettering be clumsy , and there be crumb in the icing . LAURA speak under she breath . LAURA it do not work . damn ! it do not work . at once there be the sound of the back doorbell . LAURA look , see the outline of a woman at the door . she begin to panic , check in the mirror , alarmed to see herself , still in she bathrobe , look like a distress person . richie have come run in , hold a red plastic toy he have be play with . richie mommy ! mommy ! there 's someone at the door . int . / ext . browns ' house - day 38 just a few second later . LAURA swing open the door , have make a hurried attempt at normality . her hair be tidier , but she be still in the robe . at the back door . kitty be stand , a little young than LAURA , and more confident , with a voluptuous , good - look presence : well make - up , well turn out , at ease . ( continued ) 35 . 38 continued : 38 LAURA hi , Kitty ! : kitty hi. be I interrupt ? LAURA of course not . come in . kitty be you all right ? kitty come through the door . it 's true : LAURA look a little wild - eye , desperate . LAURA why , sure . kitty hi , richie ! LAURA sit down . I have get coffee on . would you like some ? kitty please . richie be on the floor , observe from a distance . kitty sit at the kitchen table and see the sugary heap . kitty oh look -- you make a cake . LAURA I know . it do not work . I think it be go to work . I think it would work better than that . kitty honestly , Laura , I do not know why you find it so difficult . LAURA I do not know either . kitty anyone can make a cake . LAURA I know . ( continued ) 4y 38 36 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 kitty everyone can . it 's ridiculously easy . like I bet you do not grease the pan . LAURA I grease the pan . kitty smile . LAURA be get cup , pour coffee . kitty all right , but you have other virtue . and Dan love you so much he will not even notice . whatever you do , he 's go to say it 's wonderful . LAURA look at she reproachfully and push kitty' coffee across to she . kitty well it 's true . LAURA do Ray have a birthday ? kitty sure he do . LAURA when be it ? kitty September . we go to the country club . we always go to the country club . we drink martinis and spend the day with fifty people . LAURA Ray 's get a lot of friend . kitty he do . LAURA you have both have a lot of friend . you be good at it . LAURA have say this without envy , and kitty smile , accept the compliment . ( continued ) C 38 37 . continued : ( 3 ) 38 LAURA how be Ray ? I have not see he in a while . kitty Ray 's fine . hmm . they both smile . kitty this guy be something , be not they ? LAURA you can say that again . they come home from the war , they deserve it , do not they ? after what they would be through ? kitty what do they deserve ? LAURA I do not know . we , I guess . all this . LAURA gesture ' round the prosperous surroundings . kitty nod at the copy of Mrs. dalloway on the kitchen kitty oh . you be read a book ? LAURA yeah . kitty what 's this one about ? LAURA oh , it 's about this woman who 's incredibly ... well , she 's a hostess and she 's incredibly confident . and she 's go to give a party . and ... maybe , because she 's confident , everyone think she 's fine . but she be not . kitty have pick up the book and now take a glance at the talk 's run out . LAURA so. ( continued ) 38 . 38 continued : ( 4 ) 38 kitty well . . LAURA what be it ? be something wrong , Kitty ? kitty gather herself for a moment . kitty I have to go into the hospital for a ' couple of day . LAURA Kitty ... kitty I have some kind of growth in ... in my uterus . they be go to go in and take a look . LAURA when ? kitty this afternoon . LAURA just look at she , not know how to respond . kitty I need you to feed the dog . LAURA of course . there 's a moment 's silence . kitty put she front door key on the kitchen table . LAURA be that what you come to ask ? kitty just look at she , not answer . LAURA what do the doctor say , exactly ? kitty it 's probably what the trouble 's be . about get pregnant . kitty look at LAURA a moment , unused to confidence . ( continued ) C 38 continued : 39 . ( 5 ) 38 kitty the thing be , I mean , you know , I have be really happy with Ray , but well ... now it turn out there be a reason ... there be a reason I could not conceive . you be lucky , Laura . I do not think you can call yourself a woman until you be a mother . LAURA look down at she own stomach . kitty look away . kitty the joke be : all my life I could do everything -- I mean , I can do anything -- really -- I never have any trouble -- except the one thing I want . LAURA yes . kitty that 's all . LAURA well , at least now they will be able to deal with it . kitty that 's right . that 's what they be do . LAURA that 's right . kitty be rub she thumb against she forefinger , as at a imaginary stain . kitty I be not worried . what would be the point of worry ? LAURA no . it 's not in you hand . kitty that 's it . it 's in the hand of some physician I have never meet ... LAURA Kitty ... ( continued ) 38 40 . continued : ( 6 ) 38 kitty ... some surgeon who probably drink even more martinis than Ray , and no doubt always take a six - iron to the green . whatever that may mean . kitty be lose it now , fight to control she feeling . kitty I mean , of course I be worried for Ray . LAURA come here . but in fact it be LAURA who get up and go over to kitty . she bend down and embrace she . after a moment , kitty slip she arm ' round LAURA be waist . the two woman hold onto each other , LAURA almost kneel to be at kitty be level . then , without plan it , LAURA kiss kitty be forehead , lingeringly . kitty let she . kitty I be do fine . really . LAURA I know you be . kitty if anything . I be more worried about Ray . he 's not good at this stuff . LAURA forget about Ray for a minute . just forget about Ray . kitty' face be against LAURA be breast . she seem to relax into she . LAURA lift kitty be face , and put she lip against hers . they both know what they be do . they kiss , let themselves go a moment . then LAURA pull away . kitty you be sweet . there be a brief moment , then LAURA turn and she eye fall on richie who be on the floor with he toy . they have both forget he . he have watch throughout . kitty stand up . ( continued ) 41 . 38 continued : ( 7 ) 38 kitty you know the routine , right ? half a can in the evening , and check the water now and then . Ray will feed he in the morning . kitty have get up to go . LAURA Kitty , you do not mind ? kitty what ? I do not mind what ? LAURA stand , anxious . LAURA do you want I to drive you ? kitty I think I will feel better if I drive myself . LAURA Kitty , it 's go to be all right . kitty of course it be . ' bye . kitty go out . LAURA stand in the middle of the kitchen . she look down at richie who be still look silently up at she . LAURA what ? what do you want ? it be say just sharply enough to make richie turn and go silently to he own room . LAURA look at he go , then walk across to the kitchen top . then , need to do something decisive , LAURA pick up the cake which be cool on a rack . LAURA open a pedal bin with she foot , and slide the cake off the plate cleanly into the bin . it make a satisfyingly - solid noise as it land . 39 int . hogarth house - printing room - day ( 1923 ) 39 in the printing room , ralph and leonard be read proofs silently . lottie appear at the door . lottie Mr. woolf , Mrs. Bell have arrive . ( continued ) 39 40 42 . continued : 39 leonard Mrs. Bell ? leonard look up in exasperation , as if this be typical . leonard not due till four . lottie I can not help that . she 's here . int . hogarth house - drawing room - day 40 Virginia 's sister , vanessa bell , be wait in the draw room . although , at 44 , vanessa be older than Virginia , she look young and more open , more glossy and easygoing . she be just send she little daughter out to play in the garden as virginia arrive , follow by lottie . vanessa Virginia ! they kiss . virginia laugh conspiratorially . virginia Leonard think it 's the end of civilization . people who be invite at four who arrive at two - thirty ... vanessa oh , God . virginia barbarian ! vanessa we finish lunch earlier than we imagine . virginia I have have to pack nelly off to London for sugare ginger . virginia be head cheerfully out toward the garden , but vanessa comment well within lottie be hearing . vanessa oh , Virginia , you be not still frighten of the servant ! lottie be leave smile , as the two woman head into the garden . 43 . 41 ext . hogarth house - garden - day 41 of virginia and vanessa be sit in the garden at hogarth * House , watch the child play . virginia and how be you , sister ? vanessa frantic . it 's be ridiculous in London . virginia ridiculous how ? vanessa busy . virginia why be busy ridiculous ? vanessa I would have invite you to we party , but I know you would not come . virginia of do you ? virginia look genuinely surprised . virginia how do you know that ? vanessa I think you never come to town . virginia you no longer ask I . vanessa be not you forbidden to come ? do the doctor not forbid it ? virginia the doctor ! vanessa do you not pay heed to you doctor ? virginia not when they be a bunch of of contemptible victorian . ( continued ) 44 , 41 continued : 41 vanessa look sideways at virginia , surprised by she forthrightness . vanessa so ? what be you say ? be you feel better ? have this fastness make you stronger ? virginia I be say , vanessa , that even crazy people like to be ask . virginia move on . vanessa stop a second , briefly shocked . they be head toward vanessa be three child who be gather in a group near the bush ' round something not yet see . julian bell be 15 , sturdy and muscular ; quentin bell be 13 , look like a young soldier ; and angelica garnett be a exceptionally - beautiful little girl of five . vanessa hello , changeling , what have you get ? what have you find ? julian we have find a bird . vanessa do you ? where do you find that ? julian I think it must have fall from the tree . quentin hold a die thrush out in he hand , a bundle of gray feather . vanessa goodness , just look at he . quentin he 's alive . I think we might be able to save he . vanessa save he ? vanessa frown . vanessa I think you have to be careful , quentin . there 's a time to die . it may be the bird 's time . ( continued ) 45 . 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 fearing such talk may upset she , vanessa instinctively squeeze virginia be hand . : julian come on . let 's pick some grass . let 's pick some grass to make a grave . vanessa be about to protest , but julian interrupt . julian I be just say then at least there will be a bed for he to die on . quentin come on , nessa , let 's make a grave . vanessa oh God , oh very well . I be come . wait for I , then . angelica , you will be all right ? vanessa run off with the boy . 42 ext . hogarth house - garden - day 42 angelica be make the little bed of twig . the other have go off to pick grass . virginia appear above angelica with some yellow rose . virginia do you think she would like rose ? angelica yes . virginia let 's put rose ' round the grass . virginia kneel down next to angelica and help she arrange the little bed . the bird be lie to one side . in the distance the boy be call : boy ( 0.s. ) mother . there 's some good stuff over here . mother ! mother ! angelica be it a she ? ( continued ) 42 46 . continued : 42 virginia yes . the female be larger and less colorful . the stick , grass and leave be now laid out in a rough circle . angelica be hand have the dead bird protect inside they as she lay down the thrush , arrange she foot under she . angelica and virginia decorate the circle of leave with rose . angelica what happen when we die ? virginia what happen ? we return to the place we come from . angelica I do not remember where I come from . virginia nor do I . angelica frown , try to understand . angelica she look very small . virginia yes . that 's one of the thing that happen . we look smaller . angelica but very peaceful . virginia smile at angelica . suddenly vanessa arrive with the boy , she energy break up the moment of quiet . vanessa be it do ? have we finish ? be the bird funeral complete ? have bird obsequy be do ? virginia they have . vanessa good . very well then . be we to be deny tea altogether for come so early ? ( continued ) 42 43 44 47 . continued : ( 2 ) 42 angelica run off , happy at the job do . but virginia do not yet move . virginia no . of course not . vanessa well , then . come on , boy . vanessa walk off up the lawn with julian and quentin . they be all chatter as they go . julian where 's nelly go ? vanessa she have to go to London to get ginger . julian do that make she angry ? vanessa Virginia say very . quentin I like it when nelly get angry . it 's funny . then it 's silent . virginia be leave alone . she have not move . she be still look at the bird 's grave . the bird be perfectly at peace and surround with petal . virginia look . slowly , virginia close she eye . her face become a death mask . int . browns ' house - bedroom - day ( 1951 ) 43 LAURA be lain out on the bed , a identical look on she face to virginia be . then , impulsively , she get up from the bed . int . browns ' house - live room - day 44 richie be sit by himself play on the carpet with he toy . he look up , miss nothing , as LAURA come out of the bedroom . she smile absently at he , and walk across the live room to pick up the tapestry bag which be lie on a chair . she take it with she and go into the bathroom . 45 46 47 48 . int . browns ' house - bathroom - day 45 LAURA open the mirrore cupboard above the sink . in it , there be a few odd bottle of aspirin , etc . she reach for some bottle of prescribe sleep pill . she open the tapestry bag , put the bottle inside and go out . int . browns ' house - live room - day 46 LAURA come out of the bedroom with the tapestry bag . richie look up again , try to puzzle out where she have be . LAURA head straight for the kitchen , where she put the bag on a high surface , out of the child 's reach . LAURA reach once more for the flour and egg . LAURA hey , bug , I have get this idea . we be go to make another cake . we be go to make a better one . richie what happen to the first one ? LAURA smile at he as if everything be completely normal . LAURA then after that , I think we should go out . ext . clarissa' apartment - day ( 2001 ) 47 at once a man 's finger press the intercom . louis water be leonine , silvery , handsome , in he late 40s , casually but perfectly dress : a once -startlingly good - look man , now a little fade . he be nervous . it 's take he a effort to ring the bell . after a moment he hear clarissa be voice . clarissa ( v.0o . ) yes ? louis clarissa , it 's Louis . Louis Waters . clarissa Louis ? my God . you be early . louis do you mind ? be it all right ? 49 , 48 int . clarissa' apartment - vestibule - day 48 clarissa have press the buzzer and louis be come into the vestibule of the building . as he do , clarissa swing open the door of the apartment to greet he . she have a apron around she waist and green plastic glove on . her hair be a mess and louis have plainly interrupt she in mid-work . she be listen to a CD , which be booming out behind she . clarissa why should I mind ? I be delighted . louis well now . they fall into each other 's arm , embrace . they hold each other some time , with real need . then clarissa let go and see that Louis ' eye be moist . louis I feel I be interrupt . clarissa why , no . louis I know the ceremony 's not till five , but I fly in this morning . clarissa stand a moment , shaking she head . clarissa Richard 's go to be thrilled . he will be thrilled to see you . louis you think so ? clarissa of course . of course he will . there 's just a moment 's hesitation . clarissa what be we do ? we should go in . 49 int . apartment - day 49 clarissa lead louis into the apartment , take off she apron . louis follow she , hesitant , wonder what be wrong beyond she astonishment at see he again . ( continued ) oc 49 50 continued : louis be you all right ? clarissa oh , sure . it 's nothing . just the party . louis oh , right . louis look around the room . to the side . yellow rose abound . 50 . 49 it 's everything be now clear there be bunch of flower everywhere . clarissa turn off the CD of jessye norman singing one of strauss ' last song . louis wow. you still with ... clarissa yes . I be still with she . year . it 's crazy . louis why be it crazy ? it 's look beautiful . be ten clarissa shake she head , embarrassed . clarissa no reason . would you like a drink ? louis some water . clarissa okay . int . apartment - kitchen - day clarissa lift the lid on the big pot be now bubbling on the stove . around ingredient to make crab souffle roll clarissa take a look , then take off fill glass with ice and carbonate through the kitchen to where louis be still admire the apartment . louis and you be still a editor ? 50 of shellfish , which the kitchen , the be laid out . she plastic glove , water . she look stand alone , ( continued ) 50 $ 1 . continued : 50 clarissa oh , sure . louis still with the same publisher ? clarissa nod . clarissa how 's San Francisco ? louis oh . it 's one of that city people tell you to like . louis stop a moment look at a frame photograph of the young richard , look handsome , healthy and young . clarissa Richard say he think you be happy out there . louis oh great . so now the illness make he psychic ? clarissa hand he he water . clarissa Louis , you have to prepare yourself . he 's very change . louis have pick out a copy of richard be book from clarissa be shelf . clarissa go back to she cooking . louis I read the book ... clarissa oh , God ! louis exactly . I think you be mean to do more than just change people 's name . clarissa well ... louis be not it mean to be fiction ? he even have you live on tenth Street . ( continued ) 52 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 o~ clarissa frown , not like the way the conversation be  go . : clarissa it be not I . louis be not it ? clarissa you know how Richard be . it 's a fantasy . louis a whole chapter about ' should she buy some nail polish ? ' and then guess what ? after fifty page she do not ! clarissa smile , but louis be not amused . louis the whole thing seem to go on for eternity . nothing happen . then wham ! for no reason she kill of herself . clarissa his mother kill herself . louis yeah . sure . his mother . but still for no reason . clarissa well ... louis out of the blue . louis seem annoyed , but clarissa speak quietly , try to reach he now . clarissa I know the book be tough . but I like it . I know . only one thing upset I . louis oh yeah ? what be that ? what upset you ? . ( continued ) 53 . 50 continued : ( 3 ) 50 louis be look at she warily now , as if he fear be hurt . clarissa well ... that there be not more about you . louis that 's kind . louis look up , catch off balance . now he be move , and risk a confidence . louis I go back to wellfleet . clarissa you do ? louis one day . I do not tell you . clarissa no . but then I never see you . louis you remember the house ? it 's still there . Louis stop , think . clarissa I think you be courageous . louis courageous ? why ? clarissa to dare to go visit . louis frown . clarissa what I mean be : to face the fact we have lose that feeling forever . clarissa be eye be full of tear , and she seem to have forget louis be there . clarissa shit . louis clarissa ... ( continued ) 50 54 . continued : ( 4 ) 50 clarissa I do not know what 's happen . I be sorry . I seem to be in some strange sort of mood . I seem to be unravel ... louis clarissa , I should not have come . clarissa hold out a hand to stop he come over to comfort she . clarissa no , it 's not you . really . it 's more ... it 's like have a presentiment . do you know what I be say ? clarissa wipe she eye , try to make light of it . clarissa oh , God , it 's probably just nerve about the party . bad hostess . suddenly clarissa sink to the floor , not able to control herself anymore . louis clarissa , what 's happen ? clarissa Jesus ! louis what be it ? clarissa have go away to the wall , like a child now , with she hand raise to hide she face . clarissa oh , God ! louis do you want I to go ? clarissa tire desperately to turn she grief to anger . clarissa no . do not go . explain to I ! why be this happen ? louis move towards she to try and reassure she by take she in he arm . ( continued ) 55 . 50 continued : ( 5 ) 50 co clarissa no . do not touch I . it 's better you do not . louis stand useless . clarissa look at he a moment through she tear . then she try desperately . clarissa it 's too much . it 's just too much . you fly in from San Francisco . I have be nursing Richard for year ... louis I know . clarissa and all that time I have hold myself together ... no problem ... there 's a silence . neither of they can say anything . clarissa just look pleadingly at he from the floor . louis yes . ' neither speak . clarissa wipe she tear with she sleeve . she 's quiet when she talk . clarissa one morning . in wellfleet . you be there . we be all there . I would be sleep with he and I be on the back porch . he come out . he put he hand on my shoulder . ' good morning , Mrs. dalloway . ' clarissa be lose a moment in the memory . clarissa and ever since then , I have be stick . louis stuck ? clarissa I mean , with the name . there 's a silence . then clarissa gesture towards louis , co to divert . ( continued ) 56 . 50 continued : ( 6 ) 50 of clarissa and now you walk in ... to see you walk in . because I never see you . look at you ! louis look at she , want to help . clarissa anyway , it do not matter . it be you he stay with . it be you he live with . I have one summer . you will see when he come . he 's still Richard . his mind wander and he 's in a lot of pain . but there 's some constant quality . there 's he Richard - ness . louis move towards she , careful about what he want to spell out . louis the day I leave he I get ona train and make my way across Europe . I feel free for the first time in year . eo there be a silence . clarissa stare , take in what louis have just say . then she get up , try to get back to normal . clarissa so . you must tell I about San Francisco . louis what 's to tell ? I still teach drama to idiot . mostly . clarissa they can not all be idiot . louis no . louis have put he glass down . louis no , in fact ... I should not tell you this : I have fall in love . clarissa of really ? ( continued ) 57 . 50 continued : ( 7 ) 50 louis yes . with a student . clarissa a student ? louis exactly . louis acknowledge the absurdity of it . louis I know . you think ' be I still up for this ? all this intensity ...' all that argument , door be slam ... well , you know what it 's like ... clarissa say nothing . louis be you feel better ? clarissa a little . thank you . clarissa go to the sink . louis be suddenly embarrassed . louis do you think I be ridiculous ? clarissa ridiculous . fortunate , too . 51 int . browns ' house - day ( 1951 ) 51 LAURA take a second cake out of the oven and set it down on a cake rack . she look at it a moment . it be much better than the first . it read happy birthday dan and be fringe with yellow rose . LAURA take off she oven glove and reach for the tapestry bag . she go out . 52 int . car - day 52 the tapestry bag land with a wham ! on the back seat of the car . LAURA then bundle a rather surprised - look richie into the passenger seat . then LAURA go 'round and get in the driver 's side . ( continued ) 52 53 58 . continued : 52 LAURA I be go to leave you at Mrs. latch 's . I have to do something . LAURA be dress and make - up , armored to go out into the world . richie be look at she as she start the car . richie mommy , I do not want to go . LAURA you have to . I be sorry . I have to do something before daddy come home . they drive off down the suburban street , fringe with palm tree . ext . mrs . latch house - day 53 a cute suburban house with plaster squirrel on the gable over the garage . mrs . latch , a big , florid woman in bermuda short , open the door . richie be hold LAURA be hand , and look very reluctant to go into the house . mrs . latch hello . LAURA hi , Mrs. latch . my boy 's not very happy . richie mommy , I do not want to do this . LAURA I have to go , honey . LAURA stoops down to he level and kiss he . mrs . latch you mommy have thing she must do . if you come in , I get cookie . LAURA take he so that she can look he directly in the eye . LAURA baby . baby , you have to be brave now . ( continued ) 53 54 55 56 57 59 . continued : 53 mrs . latch do not you worry , he 's go to be fine . mrs . latch reach out and take richie be hand . turned away now from she son , LAURA walk across the lawn back to the car . without warning , she face crumple in tear , but as she reach the car she wipe she eye with she hand to hide she distress . then she turn back to wave . LAURA honey ! richie wave back from the step . LAURA quickly get into the car , grin at he . she can barely get the key in the starter , but when she do , she turn and drive away . int . / ext . laura' car ( los angele ) - day 54 LAURA be beginning to drive away down the road . she look nervously in the rearview mirror . she see richie run out of mrs . latch be arm and into the road scream desperately . richie mommy ! mommy ! no ! LAURA swing the wheel decisively to the leave and with a little squeal of rubber , accelerate away . richie stand alone in the middle of the street . int . / ext . laura' car - day 55 now LAURA be cruise on a Los Angeles freeway . for a moment , she higher speed and the freedom of the road give the feel that she have successfully escape . int . mrs . latch house - day 56 back in the live room of Mrs. latch 's house , richie moodily get out a building set and begin building a small house . mrs . latch watch from the doorway . int . laura' car - day 57 LAURA drive intently . she be aimless , distress . but then she look to the side of the freeway where there be a sign for the normandy Hotel . impulsively , with no pre - plan , LAURA swing the car dangerously across lane and take it out along the slipway towards the hotel . 58 59 60 61 60 . int . mrs . latch house - day 58 richie have finish the little house . now he pick up the complete building and tumble it bad - temperedly back into the box . ext . normandy HOTEL ( los angele ) - day 59 LAURA walk towards a huge wedding - cake hotel , a pseudo - Spanish ' 5as palace . she carry no luggage except she tapestry bag . int . normandy HOTEL - room - day 60 LAURA have check into the hotel and be now stand in the room she have reserve . it be featureless , anonymous -- green spread and candy wallpaper . LAURA be drop fifty cent into a HOTEL clerk be outstretch hand . clerk Breakfast be serve between seven and eleven in the Regency room . there 's a swim pool at the back , and the hotel be open for twenty - four hour . he pocket he tip . clerk thank you , mar 'am . be there anything else you need ? LAURA hesitates a moment . LAURA yes . no . not to be disturb . he go out . LAURA be leave alone . she look around the room . there be a moment of silence , of relief . LAURA look ' round , not quite know what to do next . LAURA sit on the edge of the bed and open she bag . she take out the pale green toilet bag and unzip it . she take the little rank of pill bottle out and set they down on the bed cover . as she do so , she see she copy of Mrs. dalloway at the bottom of the tapestry bag . int . normandy HOTEL - day ( a few minute later ) 61 now LAURA be stretch out read on the bed , a pillow against she back . as LAURA read she book , the text be hear in virginia be voice . ( continued ) 61 62 61 . continued : 61 virginia ( v.0o . ) do it matter , then , she ask herself , walk towards bond Street , do it matter that she must inevitably cease completely ... LAURA pull she blouse out from she skirt to loosen it , and put she hand on she pregnant stomach . virginia ( v.0o . ) all this must go on without she ; do she resent it ; or do it not become consol to believe that death end absolutely ? LAURA rub she naked stomach slightly , feel the child within . virginia ( v.o. ) it be possible to die . suddenly brackish water flood from underneath , wash up over the side of the bed . LAURA , in she imagination , sink under the water , strewn with weed , and then drown . int . hogarth house - drawing room - day ( 1923 ) 62 virginia be sit with vanessa have tea . julian and quentin be at the other end of the room . virginia be completely lose in she own thought . virginia ( v.o. ) it be possible to die . virginia turn she head and become aware that vanessa have be speak . she only hear the end of what have obviously be a long discourse . vanessa ... there be a lovely coat for angelica at harrod , but then nothing for the boy and it seem so unfair . why should angelica be favore ? virginia do not reply . vanessa Virginia ? Virginia ? what be you think about ? ( continued ) 62 63 64 65 62. continued : 62 virginia be still look at she a little blankly . julian and quentin be nudging each other , laugh at how odd virginia be . vanessa be you still with we ? angelica run across to virginia , who scoops she up and put she on she knee . . vanessa you aunt 's a very lucky woman , angelica , because she have two life . most of we have only one . but she have the life she lead and she also have the book she 's write . this make she very fortunate indeed . virginia smile at angelica on she knee . angelica what be you think about ? virginia oh . I be go to kill my heroine . but I have change my mind . int . normandy HOTEL - room - day ( 1951 ) 63 back in the ( dry ) bedroom , LAURA be lie on the bed , the pill still visible on the table beside she . she still have the book in front of she , but she be not read it . she put it to one side . then she rub she naked stomach again . her eye fill with tear . LAURA I can not ! I can not ! int . hogarth house - drawing room - day ( 1923 ) 64 virginia be just as before . virginia I fear I may have to kill someone else instead . int . hogarth house - hall - day 65 everyone be now gather in the hall , say good - bye . ( continued ) 65 63. continued : 65 there be a car wait outside which be be load . quentin , julian and angelica be all in front as vanessa and virginia make they way to the door . vanessa it be a fascinating visit . they enjoy it thoroughly . virginia do you have to go already ? I do wish you would not go . vanessa why , Virginia , the last thing you need be we noisiness . my hopeless , clumsy boy . vanessa smile at the lad . vanessa say good - bye , boy . virginia good-bye , child . the boy say " good - bye " and " good-bye , aunt " and shake virginia be hand . they go out of the front door towards a wait taxi . virginia turn to she sister . virginia and you will return to what ? to concert ? to party ? vanessa tonight ? a insufferable dinner which not even you could envy , Virginia . virginia but I do . suddenly she look vanessa in the eye . virginia kiss I . it start as a formal kiss , but then virginia , shockingly direct , push she lip against vanessa . virginia hold she mouth a moment . when they part , vanessa be overwhelm , blush at the power of virginia be need . virginia do you think I be better ? say something , nessa . do not you think I seem better ? ( continued ) 65 66 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 vanessa yes , Virginia . you seem better . virginia continue to look at she sister , pleadingly . virginia you think ... you think I may one day escape ? there be a silence , the two woman still eye to eye . vanessa one day . one . virginia nessa ... there 's a short silence , break by the sound of a car horn outside . . vanessa come , angelica . we must go . vanessa and angelica go out of the door . angelica . turn back and wave . angelica good-bye . virginia good-bye , little girl . nelly , return from outside , close the door and give virginia a look as she return to the kitchen . virginia stand alone in the hall . leonard be stand at the end of the corridor , watch . ext . hogarth house - day 66 the boy be already in the taxi . vanessa , obviously upset , wordlessly usher angelica to get in . then she get in herself , and draw angelica to she . vanessa here . on my knee . stay close . vanessa signal to the driver . vanessa Driver . 67 68 69 70 71 65 . ext . clarissa' apartment - day ( 2001 ) 67 louis let the outside door of clarissa be apartment building close behind he . he stand a moment at the top of the step , full of relief to have leave . then , gratefully , he go on he way . int . clarissa' apartment - day 68 clarissa close the door of the apartment and go back into she live room , intend to resume she preparation for the party . but instead she stand , in the middle of the room , now bereft . she do not move . int . hogarth house - day ( 1923 ) 69 virginia walk alone up the staircase . at the half - way landing there be a large window . virginia stop . outside , she can see the happy family depart -- the three child chatter excitedly to vanessa . they car disappear . virginia watch . ext . tenth STREET - day ( 2001 ) 70 a handsome , 19 - year - old girl , lush and strong , in combat trousers and sweater come along tenth Street . she crackle with health like a irish farm - girl . she bound up the step of clarissa be apartment block and let herself in with she key . int . clarissa' apartment - day 71 the girl be clarissa be daughter julia and now she be let herself in to the apartment . julia I be sorry , I know , I try to get here earlier . I try . okay ? do not start . I know . it 's just incredibly important . because it 's you party . clarissa turn from where she be stand . clarissa Julia . how you have be do ? julia I be fine . clarissa have go over to embrace she . ( continued ) 66 . 71 continued : 71 clarissa come here . what have you be do ? ' julia well , study , Mom . julia ease out of she mother 's needy embrace , blithely to take off she backpack . julia what should I do ? chair ? clarissa oh . can you clear my desk ? clarissa be desk be cover in book which julia now clear by carry they through to the bedroom . as she go she call back to she mother . julia I bump into Louis Waters . clarissa you do . where ? julia in the street . they be all here be not they ? the ghost . the ghost be assemble for the party . he 's weird . julia on she way through see she mother 's face . julia you mean you can not see that ? you can not see Louis Waters be weird ? clarissa I can see that he 's sad . julia all you friend be sad . julia expect clarissa to laugh , but then stop , book in hand , see how preoccupy she mother be . julia you have be cry . what 's happen ? ( continued ) C 71 67 . continued : ( 2 ) 71 clarissa all it be : I look around this room . I think , I be give a party . all I want to do be just give a party . julia and ? clarissa shake she head , angry with herself . clarissa I know why he do it ! he do it deliberately ! julia who ? be this Richard ? clarissa of course ! julia smile to herself , as if she 's use to it . clarissa he look at I . he do it this morning . he give I that look . julia what look ? clarissa oh , to say : ' you be trivial , you life be so trivial . Daily stuff , schedule . party . detail . ' clarissa turn , suddenly protest . clarissa that 's what he mean by it . that 's what he 's say ! julia Mom , it only matter if you think it 's true . clarissa look at she , take aback by what julia have say . they both become quiet now . julia well ? do you ? tell I . there 's a silence . ( continued ) 71 68. continued : ( 3 ) 71 clarissa when I be with he , then , yes , I be live . that 's what I feel . and when I be not , yes , thing seem kind of silly . julia walk away to the bedroom , strike by she mother 's tactlessness . clarissa I do not mean with you . never with you . but the rest of it . julia Sally ? clarissa the rest of it . false comfort . clarissa have follow julia into the bedroom and now they lie down , side by side , on the bed . clarissa if you say to I : when be I happiest ? julia Mom ... clarissa tell I the moment you be happiest ... julia I know . it be year ago . clarissa yes . julia all you be say be , you be once young . clarissa smile at julia be remark . but julia know it be still not resolve . clarissa I remember one morning . get up at dawn . there be such a sense of possibility . we be go to do everything . do you know that feel ? ( continued ) 71 71 72 73 69 . continued : ( 4 ) 71 julia nod , finally allow what she mother be say . clarissa I remember think : ' this be the beginning of happiness . ' that 's what I think . ' so this be the feel . this be where it start . and of course there will always be more . ' it never occur to I : it be not the beginning . it be happiness . it be the moment , right then . there be a silence . julia look thoughtfully at she mother . then the door buzzer sound . clarissa go to the intercom , and a voice call through : " caterer . " int . hogarth house - kitchen - evening 71 beef be dumped down into a fry pan fill with onion and be vigorously stir , a pan of beef bone bubbling next to it . nelly and lottie work together in the well - light kitchen , a whole range of vegetable laid out on the chopping board for supper . nelly , who miss nothing , look up from she cooking at the sound of someone come downstairs . the kitchen door be open and give onto the stairway . a figure move quickly by , but nelly see . virginia be head out in a long coat . lottie have also look up , the two of they note virginia be departure . ext . hogarth house - evening 72 virginia in she coat hurry out , try to make sure she be not notice . she move quickly through the garden . in the distance , leonard be digging at the edge of the garden . but he back be turn and he do not notice she . she hasten towards the gate , and out into the road outside . ext . richmond station - evening 73 it be a summer evening , darken a little , as virginia come to the victorian portico of Richmond station . two men , return from London , pass , and she catch a whiff of they conversation : ( continued ) 73 74 75 76 77 70 . continued : 73 men I tell he that 's what he have to do and if he do not like it that be he business . virginia pass they , try not to be notice , go into the hall , a fine canopy space of glass and arched ironwork . she go to the ticket booth . virginia I need a ticket to London , please . clerk yes , madam . a single or a return ? int . hogarth house - evening 74 in a presentiment of what will happen again in 18 year 's time leonard woolf come in from the garden . it 's a different house and a different hallway , but the action be the same . leonard sit to put on he slipper , hearing the sound of the house . then , as if notice something , frown . int . hogarth house - kitchen - evening 75 leonard appear at the kitchen door . nelly be stand behind she stew . leonard ah , nelly , good evening . I be wonder if you would see Mrs. woolf . nelly I think you know , sir . Mrs. woolf have go out . ext . hogarth house - garden - evening 76 leonard woolf , in blind panic , flee the house , not in a coat , just out into the garden , and away off down the road . ext . paradise road - evening 77 a middle - age man , leonard woolf , run in he slipper , vest and corduroy jacket , charge down the hill towards the town . 78 71 . ext . richmond station - platform - evening 78 leonard come down the step towards the railway platform . he see virginia sit rather conspicuously by herself on a bench at the end of the platform . a train have just go , so there be not another traveler in sight . the railway line stretch away to London , empty and quiet . virginia be try not to be self - conscious , but she be tense . she turn . virginia ah Mr. woolf , what a unexpected pleasure . leonard and perhaps you could tell I exactly what you think you be do . virginia what I be do ? why -- leonard I go to look for you and you be not there . leonard move towards she . virginia stay calm , resisting he panic . virginia you be work in the garden . I do not wish to disturb you . leonard you disturb I when you disappear . virginia I do not disappear . I go for a walk . leonard a walk ? be that all ? virginia do not answer . leonard be that all ? just a walk ? they have neither of they move . leonard be firm now . leonard Virginia , nelly be cooking dinner . she have already have a difficult day . we must go home . we must eat nelly 's dinner . it be we obligation to eat nelly 's dinner . ( continued ) 78 continued : 72 . 78 virginia there be no such obligation ! no such obligation exist . leonard Virginia , you have a obligation to you own sanity . virginia and what be you role , Leonard ? my husband ? or my prison guard ? leonard be shocked by she fierceness . he try to soften he tone , but virginia flare up as soon as he speak . leonard Virginia ... virginia I have endure this custody . I have endure this imprisonment . I be attend by doctor . everywhere I be attend by doctor who inform I of my own interest . leonard they know you interest . virginia they do not ! they do not speak for my interest ! how dare they presume ? let we imagine a life in which woman be the doctor , and the man sit alone all day in shutter room in the suburb . let we imagine that ! leonard shift , but be still determine not to back down . behind he the odd passenger be beginning to arrive to wait for London train . leonard Virginia , it be hard ... I can see it must be hard for a woman ... for a woman of you ... virginia of what ? a woman of my what exactly ? leonard a woman of you gift ... ( continued ) 78 continued : 73. ( 2 ) 78 virginia oh I see ... : leonard ... of you ... of you talent ... to accept that she be not always the best judge of she own condition . virginia no ? who , then , be a better judge ? bring this judge to platform one . let I meet they . virginia be look at he defiantly . leonard you have a history ... virginia oh yes ... leonard you come to Richmond with a history of confinement . fits. blackout . mood . hear voice . we bring you here to escape the irrevocable damage you intend to yourself . twice you have try to take you life by you own hand . virginia be watch he closely now , attend every word , still not give way . leonard I live daily with that threat . virginia look at he , refuse to answer . leonard I set up the press , we set up the printing press ... virginia yes ... leonard not for itself . not purely as a thing in itself . but that you might find a ready occupation , a ready source of absorption and of remedy . ( continued ) 74 . 78 continued : ( 3 ) 78 virginia like needlework ? virginia have suddenly shout . leonard for a moment lose he temper . leonard it be do for you ! it be do for you betterment ! it be do out of love . if I do not know you better I would call this ingratitude . virginia I be ungrateful ? you call I ungrateful ? virginia look at he , accuse , shaking . virginia my life have be steal from I . I be live in a town I have no wish to live in . I be live a life I have no wish to live . and I be ask how this have occur . virginia nod , sure of she point . there be now several passengers on the long London platform , but virginia and leonard ignore they completely . virginia it be time for we to move back to London . I miss London . I miss London life . leonard this be not you speak , Virginia . this be a aspect of you illness . virginia it be I . it be my voice . it be mine and mine alone . leonard it be not you voice . it be only a voice you hear . virginia it be not ! it be mine ! I be die in this town ! ( continued ) 75 . 78 continued : ( 4 ) 78 virginia be inflame , passionate , almost mad . leonard look at she , try to keep calm . leonard if you be clear ... if you be think clearly , you would remember : it be London which bring you low . virginia if I be think clearly ? leonard we bring you to Richmond to give you peace . virginia take a moment to summon all she lucidity . virginia if I be think clearly ? if I be think clearly , Leonard , I would tell you that I wrestle alone in the dark , and that only I can know , only I can understand my own condition . you live with the threat , you tell I . you live with the threat of my extinction . there be silence . she be tremble , white . virginia Leonard , I live with it too . now it be leonard who cannot answer . virginia this be my right . this be the right of every human be . I choose not the suffocating anesthetic of the suburb , but the violent jolt of the capital . that be my choice . the meanest patient , yes even the very lowest , be allow some say in the matter of she own prescription . thereby she define she humanity . virginia be calm now , certain . ( continued ) 78 719 76 . continued : ( 5 ) 78 virginia I wish for you sake , Leonard , that I could be happy in this quietness . but if it be a choice between Richmond and death , I choose death . there be now tear in leonard be eye . leonard very well . London , then . we shall go back to London . leonard bow he head , overwhelm by the defeat of he strategy . there be a silence . virginia watch , full of feel for he . then , at the opposite platform the train from London arrive . from its door , phalanx of commuter in dark coat and hat get down onto the platform and head for the exit . leonard look up , wiping away he tear . leonard you must be hungry . I ama little hungry myself . virginia smile . they look at each other , the issue at last resolve between they . virginia come along . virginia and leonard get up and walk together along the desert platform , both shake by the encounter . after a moment , virginia take he arm . they walk a while , arm in arm , merge into the crowd of commuter . then virginia speak , almost as a afterthought . virginia you do not find peace by avoid life , Leonard . ext ./ int . mrs . latch house ( los angele ) - evening 79 ( 1951 ) LAURA be car draw up outside mrs . latch be house . richie have plainly hear she arrive , for when she look to the window , richie be already bang he hand against it and scream : richie mommy ! mommy ! ( continued ) 77 . 719 continued : 79 LAURA look , fearful . then she get out of the car . along the neat suburban street , sprinkler play across lawn , catch the evening light like fountain . richie come run from the house towards he mother with a triumphant cry of ... richie it 's mommy ! mrs . latch follow . mrs . latch why , hello , Laura . LAURA oh , Mrs. latch . I be sorry I be late . LAURA pick richie up and he bury he face in she shoulder . LAURA oh , now . hey . hey . hey there , bug . what 's wrong ? what 's wrong ? mrs . latch smile reassuringly . mrs . latch he 's fine . he 's be fine . he 's just pleased to see you . LAURA come on , it be not that bad . it be not that bad , be it ? richie have bury himself in LAURA . mrs. latch nod at LAURA be hair . mrs . latch you get it cut , then ? LAURA oh , yes . yes . no problem . mrs . latch it look great . LAURA thank you . they do not have to do very much . LAURA smile , embarrassed at the lie . ( continued ) 79 80 78 . continued : ( 2 ) 79 mrs . latch we have a fine time together . LAURA thank you . very much . ext./ int . car - evening 80 the two of they be drive side by side . LAURA have she eye on the road . richie be stare straight ahead , not look at she . the car be move noiselessly along suburban avenue . there be a long silence . they seem more like two adult than mother and child . LAURA so that be not too bad , be it ? I be not go long ? richie no , you be not long . LAURA that 's right . at one point ... I do not know ... there be a moment when I think I might be longer . but I change my mind . richie say nothing . LAURA honey , what be it ? richie mommy , I love you . there be a moment 's pause . LAURA I love you too , baby . there be a thoughtful look on richie be face . LAURA what 's wrong ? richie look at LAURA as if he know where she have be . LAURA what ? but still richie say nothing , just go on look . ( continued ) 80 81 82 83 84 79 . continued : 80 LAURA do not worry , honey . everything 's fine . we be go to have a wonderful party . we have make daddy such a nice cake . richie be still look at she , watchful . LAURA I love you , sweetheart . you be my guy . richie be see from laura' point of view , he little face flushed for a moment with pleasure . the SOUND fade , and there be a slow dissolve through to : int . richard's apartment - evening ( 2001 ) 81 richard be face see from the exact same point of view . the child have become the man . richard be sit in the near dark , a gleam of light catch the sweat on he forehead . he have not move from he chair , nor have he dress . he sit think back to the scene in the car . LAURA be voice be hear in richard be head . LAURA ( v.o. ) I love you , sweetheart . you be my guy . ext./ int . triangle build - evening 82 clarissa get out of a hire car in the afternoon light , and head into the doorway of the triangle building . she get quickly into the elevator . the elevator ascend . int . richard's apartment - evening 83 beside richard , a photograph of he mother , LAURA , on she wedding day , eye down . richard look at it , the extreme sweat of illness run down he face . int . richard's apartment - evening 84 clarissa , in a repeat of the morning 's progress , come to the door of richard be apartment and ring the bell to warn he of she presence . ( continued ) 84 80 . continued : 84 clarissa Richard , Richard , it 's I . I be early . I know . she put she key in the lock and open the door . the blind have be pull up and the curtain parte for the first time . in full light at last , it look like the apartment of a madman -- pile of cardboard box , a filthy bathtub , book flung everywhere . clarissa move forward in astonishment . clarissa Richard ! what the hell 's go on ? richard what be you do here ? you be early . richard be push furniture to the side . he look like a exalt scarecrow , he hair plaster to he skull . he 's high as a kite , and still dress in he bathrobe and pajamas . immediately behind he , he have open the window wide . clarissa look in horror . clarissa Richard , what be you do ? what 's go on ? richard look at she from across the room , he eye gleam . richard clarissa , I have this wonderful idea . I need some light . I need to let in some light . richard move toward the window . clarissa Richard , what be you do ? richard I have this fantastic notion . I take the xanax and the ritalin together . it have never occur to I . clarissa Richard ! richard scream at she . ( continued ) 84 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 richard do not come near I ! clarissa stop . richard scramble painfully to the windowsill and lift one leg over the sill , so that he be perch , bony , weightless , with the other foot still on the apartment floor . clarissa stand , try to be caln . richard it seem to I I need to let in some light . what do you think ? I clear away all the window . clarissa all right , do I one favor , Richard , do I one simple favor ... richard I do not think I can make it to the party , clarissa . I be sorry . clarissa you do not have to go to the party . you do not have to go to the ceremony . richard be face darken . clarissa shout in desperation . clarissa you do not have to do anything , Richard ! you can do what you like ! richard but I have to face the hour , do not I ? the hour after the party . and the hour after that . clarissa you have good day still , Richard . you know you do . richard not really . it 's kind of you to say so , but it be not true . clarissa be stop dead , full of fear at she next question . clarissa be they here , Richard ? ( continued ) 82. 84 continued : ( 3 ) 84 richard who ? clarissa the voice ? richard oh , the voice be always here . clarissa but be it the voice you be hearing now ? richard no , Mrs. dalloway . it 's you . clarissa look at he , terrify now . richard I have stay alive for you . richard look at she pleadingly . richard but now you have to let I go . clarissa look at he , shocked by what he have say . but again as she move toward he , he cut she off . clarissa Richard ... richard tell I a story , all right ? clarissa what about ? richard tell I a story from you day . clarissa stop , fear this be they last moment together . clarissa I get up ... richard yes ? ( continued ) 84 continued : 83 . ( 4 ) 84 clarissa and ... I go out to get flower -- just like Mrs. dalloway -- in the book , do you know ? richard yes . clarissa -- it be a beautiful morning . richard be it ? clarissa yes . it be beautiful . it be so fresh . clarissa shake she head . richard Fresh , be it ? clarissa yes . richard like a morning on the beach ? clarissa yes . richard like that ? clarissa yes . richard Fresh like when you and I be young ? there be a silence . clarissa do not answer . richard like the morning you walk out of that old house and you be eighteen , and maybe I be nineteen . clarissa yes . ( continued ) 84 . 84 continued : ( 5 ) 84 richard I be nineteen year old and I would never see anything so beautiful . you , come out of a glass door in the early morning , still sleepy . be not it strange ? clarissa yes . yes it 's strange . richard the most ordinary morning in anybody 's life . richard shake he head slightly . richard clarissa , I be afraid I can not make the party . clarissa the party do not matter . give I you hand . clarissa reach out to he . richard you have be so good to I , Mrs. dalloway . clarissa Richard ... richard I love you . clarissa stop , take aback as he say it . richard I do not think two people could have be happier than we have be . there be a moment 's silence . then richard inch forward , slide gently off the sill , and fall . clarissa scream . clarissa no! 85 ext . triangle build - evening 85 silence . no sound . see from below , richard be body float slowly down from the fifth floor in the air . 86 87 88 85 . int . richard's apartment - evening 86 clarissa look at the empty window . then she step back away from the window , just stare , make no noise . she take one step back and then another . ext . hudson STREET - evening 87 richard be body land against the concrete , smashing a Beer bottle as it do . the corpse bounce , then settles , face down , he robe up over he face . silence again . int . browns ' house - night ( 1951 ) 88 the cake , now bright with light candle on the dining room table . a great effort have be make for dan be birthday and the front room be bright with light and decoration . dan blow out he - candle in one long go . richie and LAURA watch from they seat at the table . richie and LAURA happy birthday ! happy birthday , Dan ! they all laugh . dan this be perfect . this be just perfect . LAURA do you think so ? do you really think so ? dan why sure . you must have be work all day . LAURA well we be . be not we , bug ? that 's what we be do . work all day . dan this be just fantastic . it 's what I have always want . LAURA be do well as the good wife , share she husband 's delight in the cake . richie be watch , with a serious expression . ( continued ) 88 86 . continued : 88 LAURA oh , Dan ... dan one day I will tell you , richie . I will tell you how it all happen ... LAURA do not . LAURA seem embarrassed . dan look up at she , quiet but serious . dan I want to . I want to tell he the story . LAURA be silent , give permission , but ill at ease . dan look at richie , full of pleasure at pick he way exactly through he story . dan what happen : when I be at war -~ at war I find myself think -- and I remember that there be this girl that I would see -- I would never meet she -- at high school -- this strange , fragile - look girl call Laura mcgrath . yeah . and she be shy . and she be interesting . and -- you mother will not mind I tell you this , richie -- she be the kind of girl you see sit mostly on she own . richie be listen intently . the three of they be intent 'round the table . dan yes . richie , I will tell you : sometimes when I be in the South Pacific , the fact be , I use to think of this girl ... LAURA Dan ... dan I think of bring she to a house -- a life -- well , pretty like this . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 89 90 87 . continued : ( 2 ) 88 dan ( cont 'd ) and it be the think of the happiness ... the think of this woman ... the think of this life ... that be what keep I go . there be silence . dan be look at LAURA . dan I have a idea of we happiness . richie watch , aware of the awful sadness between they . LAURA do you make a wish ? dan have take one of the yellow rose from the cake , and , unaware , have be roll it between he finger , back and forth , back and forth . he be alone with he thought for a few moment , then he turn and look blankly at LAURA . then he nod . dan yes , I do . int . morgue - night 89 clarissa be see through the glass panel in a door wait at the morgue . she be stand in distress , shake by the event of the afternoon . then sally arrive at the door , lead into the morgue by a orderly . she stop a moment to look through the door . now , full of feel , she open the door to join clarissa . clarissa look across . int . hogarth house - night 90 in the draw room , there be two pool of light from standard lamp . on opposite side of the room leonard and virginia be sit , a kind of truce between they after the event of the afternoon . they be both read . virginia be book be in she hand . she still have the London rail ticket , which she be use as a bookmark . she finger the ticket , turn it over . after a few moment leonard look up , as if something have occur to he from a previous conversation . leonard why do someone have to die ? virginia look up and frown . ( continued ) 88 . 90 continued : 90 virginia Leonard ? leonard in you book ? virginia oh. leonard you say someone have to die . why ? leonard catch just a trace of virginia be reaction . leonard be that a stupid question ? virginia no. leonard I imagine my question be stupid . virginia not at all . leonard well ? virginia give it think before answer . virginia someone have to die in order that the rest of we should value life more . leonard look at she , the two of they serious now . virginia it 's contrast . leonard and who will die ? virginia it 's a secret . leonard tell I . virginia pause , then give he the gift of a answer . virginia the poet will die . the visionary . 91 92 93 94 89 . int . browns ' house - richie' bedroom - night ( 1951 ) richie , the poet , the visionary , lie in the bed ina little room paint with star . it be decorate with picture of rocket and imaginary astronaut . his face be alert on the pillow . ext . browns ' house - night the Browns ' house see from the road . it 's dark . just one pool of light be throw onto they drive by a side - window . the street at peace . int . browns ' house - richie' bedroom - night richie be lie awake listen to the sound of he father in the next room call to LAURA . int . browns ' house - bathroom - night LAURA be sit , she head in she hand , on the close toilet seat . she be in white pajamas , bent down in a attitude of abject despair , umable to move . after a few moment , dan call through from the bedroom . dan ( 0.s8 . ) what be you do ? LAURA look up . she have take she make - up off and it be plain she have be cry . LAURA I be brush my tooth . dan ( 0.s. ) be you come to bed ? LAURA yes . in a minute . dan ( 0.s. ) come to bed , Laura Brown . but LAURA do not move , just turn away , trap . dan ( 0.s. ) I run into Ray , he say Kitty 's have to go to the hospital . LAURA that 's right . ( continued ) 91 92 93 94 90 . 94 continued : 94 of dan ( 0.s. ) nothing serious , he say . justa checkup . LAURA I be terrify . wh dan ( 0.s. ) y? LAURA speak quietly , not loud enough for dan to hear . LAURA oh , the idea she could disappear . dan have not hear anything . dan ( 0.s. ) perhaps you could go see she in the morning , honey . LAURA I be go to . I be go to stop by . co there be another short silence . LAURA be unable to move . dan ( 0.s . ) I have have a wonderful day and I have you to thank . LAURA look away , in despair now . dan ( 0.s. ) come to bed , honey . LAURA I be come . but still LAURA stand , not move . after a while , dan speak again . dan ( 0.s. ) so . be you come ? LAURA yes . in the distance , you can hear a dog barking . LAURA get up and reach for the pull - light over the mirror . the ane bathroom go dark . she take the step which bring she co to the door which lead to the door which lead to the bedroom . LAURA stand in the door , the only light fall on she face . 95 96 91 . int . hogarth house - study - day ( 1923 ) 95 virginia be now sit in she favorite chair with a write board across she lap , notebook in hand . the light pool around she . she be not write , just think . leonard appear in the doorway opposite . he say nothing . virginia what ? what ? leonard smile . leonard I be hope you be go to bed . virginia I be . I be go to bed . they look at each other , they eye full of love and humor . leonard what then ? virginia all else be clear . the outline of the story be plan . now one thing only . virginia shake she head very slightly , still in the chair . virginia Mrs. dalloway 's destiny must be resolve . int . clarissa' apartment - night ( 2001 ) 96 clarissa be in the kitchen with sally and julia . every surface be take up with food for the party which never happen . clarissa have the crab dish in she hand and be empty it sadly into the bin . she be still in the coat she be wear all afternoon . as she dump the waste food , she hear a ring at the door . clarissa go to the apartment door and open it . LAURA brown be stand directly opposite . she be now in she early 80s , slightly stoop with steel - gray hair and parchment skin . she be wear a dark , floral dress and coat . clarissa be take aback for a moment . ( continued ) 92 . 96 continued : 96 clarissa you be Laura Brown . LAURA yes . I be Richard 's mother . clarissa of course . clarissa reach out she hand . clarissa I be clarissa vaughan . come in . LAURA have a small bag which clarissa now lift for she as she lead she into the apartment . at the end of the corridor sally be stand with julia behind she , but clarissa signal tactfully for they to hold off a moment , as she lead LAURA into the sit room . throughout the apartment , dinner table have be set with white table cloth , and glass . clarissa be alone with LAURA in the sit room . clarissa my friend Sally 's in the kitchen . and my daughter . LAURA just look at she a moment , not answer . clarissa we be have a party . we be go to have a party . LAURA I be lucky . I get the last plane from Toronto . in the kitchen , unheard , unseen , julia watch , then speak quietly to sally . julia so that 's the monster . LAURA have approach a table load with richard be book . clarissa I hope I do the right thing . I find you number in he phone book . LAURA yes . he have it . but we do not speak often . ( continued ) 93. 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 LAURA be look at richard be picture . clarissa stand a moment , wait . LAURA it 's a terrible thing , miss vaughan , to outlive you whole family . clarissa Richard 's father die ... LAURA yes . he die of cancer . quite young . and Richard 's sister be dead . LAURA look at she a moment . LAURA obviously you feel unworthy . it give you feeling of unworthiness . you survive and they do not . clarissa wait a second before speak . clarissa do you read the poem ? LAURA yes . I read they . I also read the novel . you see , people say that the novel be difficult ... clarissa I know ... LAURA they say that . clarissa I know ... LAURA he have I die in the novel . I know why he do that . it hurt , of course . I can not pretend it do not hurt , but I know why he do it . clarissa you leave richie when he be a child ? {continued ) 96 continued : 94 , ( 3 ) 96 LAURA I leave both my child . I abandon they . they say it 's the worst thing a mother can do . neither of they move . the room be silent now . LAURA you have a daughter ? clarissa yes . but I never meet Julia 's father . LAURA you so want a child ? clarissa that 's right . LAURA you be a very lucky woman . clarissa look down . there 's a LAURA there be time when you do not belong and you think you be go to kill yourself . once I go to a hotel . that night ... later that night , I make a plan . plan be , I would leave my family when my second child be bear . and that 's what I do . get up one morning , make breakfast , go to the bus stop , get on a bus . I would leave a note . moment 's silence . LAURA I get a job in a library in Canada . it would be wonderful to say you regret it . it would be easy . but what do it mean ? what do it mean to regret when you have no choice ? it 's what you can bear . there it be . no one be go to forgive I . LAURA look at clarissa , steady , unapologetic . LAURA it be death . I choose life . 97 98 99 95 . int . clarissa' apartment - night 97 clarissa come out of the sit room down the hall of the apartment and quietly go into they bedroom , still wear she dark coat . sally be in the kitchen with julia and now look up at the sight of clarissa . she get up and follow clarissa into the bedroom . int . clarissa' apartment - bedroom - night 98 sally come into the room to find clarissa sit on the side of the bed in she coat . the two woman look at each other . sally you need to take you coat off . sally come round and gesture to clarissa to stand up . sally put she hand on clarissa be shoulder to help she take off the coat . as she do , clarissa turn and look at sally , the two of they overcome . the two woman look warmly at each other , then they kiss . int . apartment - julia' bedroom - night 99 LAURA be unpack she suitcase on the bed in Julia 's room . it have only a few thing which she have hurriedly put in for the trip . she look frail and alone . there be a knock on the door and julia come in with a cup and saucer . julia I think you might like a cup of tea . LAURA that 's very kind , dear . I feel I be steal you room . julia have put the tea down beside the bed . julia we put the food away , so ... if you be hungry in the night , just help yourself . LAURA well , I will . you have somewhere ? julia yes . the sofa . ( continued ) 99 100 101 102 96 . continued : 99 LAURA I be sorry . instinctively julia move towards she and put she arm round she . the 18 - year-old and the 80 - year - old embrace . LAURA stand a moment , astonished at she warmth . then julia move away . LAURA good night , sweetheart . julia good night . int . hogarth house - bedroom - night ( 1923 ) 100 virginia lie in bed , make no effort to sleep , but lie by moonlight in she bed , she eye open , white like a ghost . int . clarissa' apartment - night ( 2001 ) 101 the corridor of the apartment . everyone else have go to bed . clarissa , in she white pajamas , be in the kitchen turn off the light one by one . as she turn off the last one in the kitchen , she come into the corridor , and begin the same process . she look round briefly at she own home : comfortable , solid , complete . at last she seem at peace . as she turn out the light in the corridor , the voice of virginia woolf be hear . virginia ( v.o. ) dear Leonard , to look life in the face , always to look life in the face , and to know what it be , to love it for what it be . at last to know it . to love it for what it be . and then to put it away . clarissa turn out the last light and the corridor be darken . she turn and go into she room . ext . river ouse - day ( 1941 ) 102 virginia woolf walk calmly once more into the river . virginia ( v.0o . ) Leonard , always the year between we , always the year , always the love . always the hour . ( continued ) 102 97 . continued : 102 virginia stand a moment , up to she neck in the water , about to plunge herself under . the sun play on the water . fade out . the end