the fugitive by jeb Stuart and David twohy fade in : ext . chicago - aerial - night credit begin over : snow swirl around the tall building of downtown Chicago . ext . chicago HOTEL - night Cars , taxi , limo line the street . a cab pull up and man in tuxedo move into : int . chicago HOTEL - ballroom - night through arrive guest we pick up the man climb stair to the ballroom . angle - coat check the man hand he coat to coat check woman and thanks she . when he turn we get we first view of dr . richard kimble , a tall , athletic man , with a trim beard . he move from the outer lobby into a fabulously decorate ballroom where a fashion show be take place as a medical fundraiser . doctor and they spouse , hospital brass and sponsor mingle . woman sit near the runway watch the model . Men talk by the bar . the room be pack . a banner over the rostrum say : " children' research and aid foundation " kimble be hand a glass of champagne , which he promptly set on another waiter 's pass tray . robert ( v.o. ) Richard ... dr . robert , a large surgeon , pull kimble over to a group of surgeon gather around a bar . smoke cigar . robert Cancun . nat just talk everybody into it ... a hospital equipment rep , nat , be buy drink . kimble so , what 's the deal ? if the hospital busy ten new - nat no , no , no , no string attach , Dr. kimble . industrial Hospital supply have no ulterior motive . kimble on the house , huh ? ( to bartender ) tonic water with lime . everyone agree . kimble never get I to sell my soul for one of that trip ... his tone silence the group . kimble take he drink . kimble ( to nat ) ... but if you get any more bull ticket , nat , give I a call . the group laugh , kimble extract himself and credit continue over - CUT to : kimble move through the crowd . CUT to : kimble nearly get hit in the follow - through of a imaginary golf swing . kimble you be slice , Dave . do not turn you hip . he keep move . golfing man thanks , Richard ... CUT to : angle - tough - looking lab rat kathy wahlund , totally out of she element amid the formal elegance around she . she wear a leather jacket over T-shirt and stare at the action on the fashion runway . dr . wahlund ( drip sarcasm ) I be so glad you talk I into come , Richard ... I can pick my cruise wardrobe . richard it 's for a good cause , kath ... besides you need to get out of the lab more . you electron microscope be start to give you a tan . she smile . he move on . angle - party kimble continue down the bar when he spot a friend ... kimble hey , Jim . dr . jame nichol turn , smile . mid-40s , head of the University Hospital . he be a fit contemporary . nichol Richard , I just see someone who want to meet you ... just then kimble spot a attractive woman , late thirty , wear a drop-dead , simple black gown . she 's surround by a group of man hang on she every word . she and kimble catch a look and hold it . nichol ( v.o. ) Richard kimble ... Alex lentz . Alex be work on the rdu9u trial for devlin-macgregor . kimble turn to meet dr . alexander lentz , late 30 , tan , smile . lentz extend he hand ... lentz Dr. kimble ... sorry , we have be trading phone call last few day ... something about a biopsy report I return to you ? kimble ( suddenly attentive ) yeah ... Three . liver appear hepatetic to I . lentz I will be in my office in the morning and I will pull up the sample . be that a good time for you ? kimble sure . lentz ( hold kimble 's look , then to Nichols ) see you , Jim . lentz move on . kimble look after he a beat , then focus on relocate the woman he just see . she 's go . he and Nichols move together through the party . nichol ( dig in he pocket ) before I forget , I go by the garage this afternoon and picket up the Ferrari . thanks for the loaner again . he hand kimble a valet ticket . kimble they fix it this time ? nichol we will see . they reach the woman kimble see , he wife , helen kimble . kimble kiss she . nichol you look fabulous , helen . he kiss helen . helen ( woman ) hello , Jim . nichol ( to kimble ) we have get a court tomorrow at three . Nichols leave . kimble look at he wife . kimble well , I have see everyone , can we leave ? helen that would be a little abrupt , do not you think ? CUT to : angle - kimble's table - night a table for ten . kimble and helen introduce themselves to other at table ant sit across from each other . kimble sit between two doctor ' wife . one , now eau wife , mid-thirty , bedeck in jewel and loud dress , the other older wife . helen sit between they husband who be try to impress she with the detail of they boring study as credit continue ... intercutting with the fashion , catch of dialog and course change , kimble and helen demonstrate a oft-use exchange of glance : kimble , while gracious to he dinner partner , catch helen 's eye and make smile , subtle movement to he watch or a look to the door to indicate he 's clearly ready to leave . on the receive end , helen , the gatekeeper of they social propriety , indicate with equal subtlety : " not yet . " as we move around the table we hear : " where 's you husband on staff ? " " my husband 's a orthopod at Northwestern . " " I be work on a new technique ... " " that 's fascinating ... " " that 's quite a marvelous dress you be wear . " " do you like it ? my husband say it 's a ' four-fracture number . " ' " honey . " ( a look from she husband . ) kimble share a look with helen . he subtly motion to he watch : time go to , and mouth the word : " now . " she shake she head . now eau wife ( to table ) I tell my husband that he be go to kill we if he do not stop operate . what with this aids thing , he 's put we all at risk . helen and kimble absorb this comment without reaction , share a look . helen mouth the word : " now . " helen ( to she dinner partner ) I be sorry , I have to get my husband home . they say they good - by and pass Nichols ' table . Nichols shake he friend 's hand in pass . from across the room we see lentz watch . int . kimble's mercede - night kimble and helen drive home . she run she finger through he hair as he drive . helen you look handsome tonight ... kimble thank you ... he smile to himself , seem to enjoy the compliment too much for helen . her smile become playful , mischievous . helen uh , huh ... most man in a tuxedo look like waiter ... kimble but I ? helen you look more like ... a band director . he stop at red light , lean over and kiss she . Light change and neither notice . slowly they kiss break . helen be we home yet ?... CUT to : ext . kimble's house - night kimble pull up in front of he house . suddenly both he pager and car phone ring at the same time . kimble ( to phone ) Dr. kimble ( suddenly attentive ) when ? okay , tell they I will be there in ten minute . he hang up . kimble Tim 's get a problem . helen kiss he again , open the door . helen call I on you way home . credit end as we - CUT to : int . university hospital - hallway / scrub room - night kimble , wear scrub but without head gear , move down stair to the or hall . he stick he head into the operate room . kimble cavalry 's here . two harry surgeon look up , glad to see he . scrub room kimble begin scrubbing as the resident come out to bring he up to speed . resident patient be a male , forty - three . we pull he gall bladder and the bleed start . kimble what 's he pro time ? resident ( concerned ) he 's at 36 second . we get a major bleeder in here . kimble you talk to the family ? resident none . he 's off the street . CUT to : int . university of chicago - operating room - night operation in progress . top medical facility fill with train professional and state of the art equipment . kimble be assist across the table by the chief resident . both work so intently they never look at each other as they talk ... kimble ( to anesthesiologist ) okay ... I be clamping . can he tolerate it ? anesthesiologist he 's a very sick guy . kimble do we have a choice ? anesthesiologist go for it . kimble Marie , give I a clamp ... marie , the scrub nurse , pass he the instrument and kimble and the other surgeon continue to work with the resident assist . kimble ( never look up ) you husband know you be here tonight , Marie ?... what about this liver ? resident History 's sketchy . could be a alcoholic . kimble who refer he ? resident he 's on a drug protocol . rdu9u . kimble look up and share a look with the chief resident over they mask , then back to work . kimble the wave of the future ... Marie , you tell Frank yet ? Frank be so jealous of this late night thing we have get go here ... this should hold he . bleed 's stop . let 's get a biopsy ... ( to circulate nurse ) send it downstairs and make sure you get kath she slice . surgeon you stay for the close , Rich ? kimble move away and shed he glove and gown . kimble no . I get a date . int . scrub room - night kimble throw away he hat and mask . the door open behind he ; it be the other surgeon . surgeon hey , Richard ... kimble turn . surgeon thanks . CUT to : int . kimble's car - night kimble drive through empty Chicago street toward home . he be on phone , wait for answer . kimble hi. I be five minute away ... intercut with : int . kimble's townhouse - night helen on the phone , downstairs . she be still in she gown with a afghan around she shoulder . she 's be read . helen I be glad it go well . I will see you in a minute . helen hang up phone , turn out the light and start up the stair . CUT to : ext . chicago STREET - night kimble drive . int . kimble-s townhouse - dressing room - night helen move down the hall toward the dress room / closet . open the door to large closet dress room and turn on the light . nothing . she start to leave and decide to close one of the interior closet door . she start to slide the door close when - wham ! a hand reach out and clutches she by the neck . helen claw and scratch to get free and in she struggle she string of pearl burst ... ... and a single pearl bounce out of the bedroom ... roll across the landing to the stair , stop three step from the top . CUT to : ext . kimble's townhouse - night snow swirl around the street as kimble 's car pull into the driveway . on the third floor , we see a bedroom light still on . int . kimble's townhouse - night a grandfather clock tick softly . kimble toss he key on the entry table , pick up a stack of mail on the table and call up the stair . kimble I be home . do you hear who win the bull game ? no answer . he step into the : kitchen the wall phone show a line in use . kimble notice it . the washer buzy , he switch the clothes from washer to dryer , and start the machine . take a bottle of wine and two glassesand leave the kitchen . int . bedroom - close on .38 smith and wesson - night lies on the floor , beside helen 's leg and the receiver of phone , off the hook . a man 's rubber - glove hand pick up the gun . intercut with : int . downstair - stair - night kimble start up the stair to the bedroom ... int . bedroom - night helen 's hand reach out press the cradle down , dial on kimble climb the stair ... suddenly stop . a small white ball on the stair . he bend down and pick it up ... a pearl . kimble helen ? silence . he can see directly into the bedroom . it 's quiet . too quiet . he notice a lampshade on the floor . upstair hall - night kimble move slowly to the open doorway . and just before he enter he see a large form in the crack behind the door . adrenal surge . kimble slam the door back on the figure knock the gun free . before kimble can move to it a forearm flatten he . the attacker immediately go for the gun . kimble grab a leg and twist he down , the man 's finger hit the gun , send it skitter across the hardwood floor of the landing and over the edge - three flight to the entry hall below . siren can be hear . distant but approaching . the man kick free and try to flee . this time kimble catch a arm and twist it at a unnatural angle . to he shock , the limb detach between the shoulder and elbow . kimble look at the arm in he hand - it 's hollow . electrode be visible inside - then to the man 's unreadable face ... the siren be louder ... before kimble can recover , the one -arm man knock kimble down and grab back he arm . he run down the stair . kimble pull himself up and start to follow but be stop by a voice behind he in the bedroom ... helen ( o.s. ) he 's here ... still in the house ... int . bedroom - night lying by the bed , helen kimble , clutches the phone with one hand , she head with the other . 911 ( v.o. ) do I hear you right ? you attacker be still in the house ? ma'am ? helen he 's try to kill I ... kimble appear . helen drop the phone when she see he . 911 ( v.o. ) will you repeat that please ? helen ( to kimble ) Richard ... he 's try to kill I ... my head . ext . kimble's townhouse - night two Chicago police car wheel to the curb , cop move quickly to the house . int . bedroom - night kimble move to she . see the necklace of bruise where she be hold down and choke . and then a bullet wound in she leg . she 's already go into shock . her speech turn thick . kimble hang on , babe ... go to be all right . her fingernails dig into kimble 's arm , try to hold on . helen my head . Richard my hold I . her eye slip away from he . he peel away the hand on she head - and see raw pummele brain stare back and realize she will not be all right . camera swing down to the drop phone . 911 ( v.o. ) ... hello . you say he name be Richard ? ma'am , can you talk to I ? ma'am ? CUT to : int . kimble's house - night the cop enter the house . see the .38 lie on the floor . cover each other , they move quickly up the stair - gun draw . angle third floor . the first cop , gun draw , turn the corner of kimble 's bedroom and find : kimble hold he dead wife . blood on he hand . cop # 1 move away from she . CUT to : int . kimble's townhouse - night kimble , numbe by the event , wash the blood off he hand in the kitchen sink . a cop take he blood -stain tux jacket , and another hand he a parka . ext . kimble's townhouse - night the street be fill with Chicago police car , curious neighbor , television news van , etc . kimble be help into a police car as the coroner 's van arrive . he pause a moment to watch as we hear . detective kelly ( v.o. ) can you give we a little more to go on besides the fact that he have a artificial arm ? what kind of gun be it , Doc ? int . 11 th STREET district house - night camera find kimble in a interview room . he be in " why " shock . " why she . " " why I ? " say nothing . two detective : kelly and rosetti . Kelly , the questioner , be overweight , aggressive . he shift he gun on he hip so he can sit down . kimble it be .38 ... I think . I only see it for a second . I knock it out of he hand . as kimble be question we intercut with flash of the murder scene be process : flash - int . kimble's house - night forensics technician photograph the .38 at the base of the stair . detective rosetti ( v.o. ) do you own a gun , Dr. kimble ? kimble yes . detective rosetti ( v.o. ) what kind of gun ? kimble a .38 Smith . flash - forensics technician dust crystal lamp detective kelly do you have you key with you tonight , Dr. kimble ? flash - cop check door of house for sign of forcible entry . back to scene phone ring . rosetti answer it . kimble watch he write something down , he slide it to Kelly . flash - measure " necklace " of bruise on helen' neck detective kelly ( v.o. ) you wife be load be not she ? I mean , she be worth quite a bit of money . back to scene kimble look up at the two cop . for the first time he seem to sense something aggressive in they question . they no longer seem on the same team . kimble what 's go on here ? this guy be try to rob we . the two cop stare at kimble . kimble you guy have get to be out of you mind . I do not kill my wife ! he get up to go . a cop block he path . he turn and look at Kelly . detective kelly let 's start over , Dr. kimble . what would you have for breakfast ? CUT to : int . 11 th ST . police station - night kimble in he tuxedo shirt and black tie hold a book number plate in front of he as a mug shot be take ... front , then side . man ( v.o. ) we be all adult here so I will lay it out ... ext . newsstand - day Chicago sun-time have a photograph of kimble spread across the front page . man ( v.o. ) ... if you two come up with a deal , I will listen , but let I make one thing perfectly clear . int . electronics superstore - day salesmen continue to hawk set . kimble 's photograph come up on a hundred tv monitor across the store . news reporter ( v.o. ) Police be revealing no detail in the case against Chicago surgeon ... int . kimble's cell - day kimble lay on he bunk . think ... man ( v.o. ) ... it 's a election year ... int . judge's chamber - day camera move through smoke - fillet room to find tough female prosecutor , a man in late forty , walter gutherie , and stop on the source of the voice we have be hearing and the cigar : judge bennett , late fifty . Fair but , no nonsense , political survivor . judge bennett ... and this case be a heater . it will not end up a bench trial ... int . cook county jail - corridor - day Richard kimble in County lockup fatigue and a navy watch cap move down long corridor , escort by guard . gutherie ( v.o. ) we have have private investigator interview over a hundred amputee , Richard ... int . prison interview room - day walter gutherie , he attorney , stand by a window look out at the yard . another attorney , randolph , watch gutherie . gutherie ... we can not find this guy . kimble I know what I see , walter . gutherie I put you up on the stand to say what you see without anything that remotely smell like proof and the State 's attorney be go to take this one - armed man story and run it up we ass . ( he hold kimble 's look ) look , Richard , you be pay we a lot of money to defend you ... a plea to second degree - kimble I do not kill my wife . int . cook county jail - day kimble be escort back to the courtroom . a guard carry he suit in a bag . he be taunt by other prisoner . gutherie ( v.o. ) you be a successful upper middle class white man charge in a violent crime ... int . cook county lockup / change room - day on the other side of the door be the courtroom . a sheriff 's deputy hand kimble ( now wear he suit ) , a small plastic bag . in it we see he wedding band . gutherie ( v.o. ) it 's a circumstantial case , but it 's also a jury trial . we play them , they play them ... int . chicago courtroom - day Richard kimble sit at defense table ... watch prosecutor chat with helen 's relative . media anchor glare at he . gutherie ( v.o . ) ... but if we lose , we lose big . just remember , they be line up a block long to have you hide . hard CUT to : photograph of helen kimble's body a crime scene photograph . detective kelly on the stand . detective kelly no forcible entry be find . from the beginning of the investigation , it do not appear to be a break - in . nothing be miss . forensics technician on the stand . forensics technician the defendant 's print be find on the neck , gun , bullet , and lamp ... no other set be fount other than the decease . face of the jury impassive . attentive . his " peer . " they listen to the recording of the 911 tape . 911 ( v.o. ) do I hear you right ? you attacker be still in the house ? ma'am ? helen ( v.o. ) he 's trving to kill I ... 911 ( v.o. ) will you repeat that please ? helen ( v.o. ) Richard ... he 's try to kill I ... kible' Pov - the jury a few member lean over to make note . it 's powerful take out of context . nichol on the stand prosecutor Dr. Nichols . you be aware that Richard kimble be the only beneficiary of helen kimble 's estate . 12 million dollar roughly . nichol I be aware of that . the money mean nothing to he . prosecutor yet in you presence , Richard kimble once say that ' if he have helen 's money he could find plenty of use . ' do he not ? nichol we be talk about - prosecutor yes or no ? Nichols ' look tell we everything ... yes . CUT to : coroner on the stand . coroner the wound to the head cause a massive hemorrhage to the brain . it take from five to seven minute for she to die ... a woman in the jury react . kimble notice . kimble on the stand . he finish he move description of the event . we see some of the jury have be move . kimble ... and I be hold she when the officer come in . gutherie return to he seat . the prosecutor move to the jury . he begin slowly but he question pick up strength . prosecutor how tall be this man , Dr. kimble ? kimble I can not be sure . we be , mostly on the floor , fight ... I could not - prosecutor do that fight cause the scratch on you face and arm ? kimble no . as I explain - prosecutor and how do this man enter you house ? kimble I do not know - prosecutor and you probably do not know why you wife tell the emergency operator you be she attacker ? kimble she do not - prosecutor you name be Richard , be not it ? you gun be a .38 , be not it ? you print be on the gun , the bullet , the lamp , she neck , be not they ? kimble look ... prosecutor be not they ? CUT to : int . courtroom - day Richard kimble sit behind the desk , but already he 's a shadow of the man we know before , stare ahead passively as judge bennett deliver the sentencing to hushed courtroom . judge bennett after careful and study review of all evidence present during each phase of this proceeding , and because aggravate circumstance , detailed at length , be present the night of January 20th . kimble be silent , stunne , but all around he the sentence shockwave through the courtroom . Reporters push out rear door . prosecutor share a look - with a hangman 's satisfaction . Nichols , watch behind kimble 's table , lower he head . disbelief . angle on richard kimble he remain silent . kimble be pull gently to he foot by bailiff . gutherie whisper a " I be sorry . " kimble do not hear it . judge bennett ( v.o. ) therefore , it be the decision of this court ... look over he shoulder to the empty courtroom . face stare back . CUT to : int . kit room - day judge bennett 's v.o. continue over : a locker open . Inside , a profusion of chrome and nickel plate . jailhouse jewelry . handcuffs drag out . action check . judge bennett ( v.o. ) ... that you be remand to menard State penitentiary ... close on cuff slapped down over wrist , ratchete down tight . ankle cuff drag out . pant leg raise , canvas shoe expose . cuff clamp down on ankle . chain rattled out . snake across the floor . looped around waist and lock to handcuffs to form belly chain . judge bennett ( v.o. ) ... where you will serve a sentence of life imprisonment without possibility of parole . ext . sally port ( cook cow ty jail ) - night the chain gang exit through the sally port . kimble and three other prisoner . jailer escort they to ... a Illinois Department of correction guard move alongside , check the undercarriage with a pole-mounted mirror . the gavel crack as we - CUT to : int . bus - close on key - day lock wire mesh cage inside bus . a old diesel cough to life . ext . cook county jail - night Main gate open . the bus grind onto the street . int . bus - day the four prisoner sit scattered , still cuffed but no longer chain together . near the front , prisoner # 1 be eyeing ... the two prison guard seat beyond the cage door . young guard lighting a smoke . old guard drowsing . shotgun bounce on they knee . prisoner #l shift he gaze to ... the driver . pistol on he hip . dissolve to : ext . desolate highway - night the bus rumble north , head towards the horizon . int . bus - night prisoner # 1 rise . through caging : prisoner # 1 hey . Illinois penal regulation require a meal for transport ride of four hour or more . Young Guard shake he head . " Fucking jailhouse lawyer . " check he watch : 4:00 . young guard Jack ! feedin ' time . Old Guard yawn to he foot , unhook a key-re from he belt . Young Guard stow he shotgun in the weapon locker . prisoner # 2 look at kimble . kimble stir awake ... watch the cage door open , Young Guard move back . and across the aisle ... prisoner # 3 , a big man name copeland , wag he head between he knee . something slide out of he shirt and clanks to the dimple steel floor . it 's a razor sharp plastic shank . heart quicken , kimble look forward . Young Guard be hand a petrify sandwich to prisoner # 1 . kimble snap a look back to Copeland , who palm the shank . copeland breathe , and you be first . Old Guard watch from the open cage door , shotgun carelessly ready . Young Guard reach kimble and extend a sandwich . kimble do not respond . young guard suit yourself . he offer the sandwich to Copeland . in the exchange , sandwich drop . Copeland lean down for it . up front , Old Guard yawn again just as ... kimble look out ! too late ... jackknife up , Copeland drive the shank into Young Guard 's gut . prisoner # 2 dive for Young Guard 's holster . as the gun come out , Young Guard get a hand on it . a shot fire ... jolting Old Guard . he chamber he shotgun . kimble hit the floor . the Old Guard jam a key into the cage door and surge inside , but ... prisoner # 1 broadside Old Guard . shotgun discharge ... open a big gainsburger hole in the driver . he sink under the steering wheel . a knee hit the accelerator . the cage door slam lock behind the Old Guard . ext . desolate highway - night as the bus careen off the road , accelerate . int . bus - night Young Guard wrestle gun from prisoner # 2 and fire , kill prisoner # 2 . Copeland grapples with wounded Young Guard . Old Guard shotgun-butt prisoner # 1 , flip the gun , pump one round into the man 's chest . Dead . he turn just as ... ext . OPEN land - night as the driverless bus buck ant bang over open ground . int . bus - night Old Guard reload . Copeland drop down behind a seat . Old Guard jam he shotgun under the seat . but just as the Old Guard pull the trigger the bus jerk . the shot go off target as ... ext . OPEN land - night the bus roar into a gravel embankment . roar up the slope and crash down on its side - slide to a stop at the bottom of a small ravine . int . bus - night engine die . dusty silence . we do not know up from down . on he knee , Old Guard make he way to the driver . find he dead . now a SOUND . Old Guard whip he shotgun around at ... kimble . rising between the seat . a hairy beat . Old Guard might kill he just to finish thing off . but a groan turn Old Guard 's head . Young Guard , try to hold he gut in . Old guart turn to find kimble . old guard ( to kimble ) you . you be a doctor . c'mere . he slide to the Young Guard as the Old Guard scrounge up a medical kit , shove kimble down on Young Guard . old guard do something . kimble look at he cuff . " in this ? " Old Guard dig out he key ring and unlock kimble 's hand - only he hand . kimble open medical kit . it 's be ransacke - just Band - aids now . kimble look into the wound . kimble he be not go to make it unless he get to a hospital . fast . old guard zl . in this delicate moment a shiver run through the bus . be it just settling ? with other thing to worry about , kimble try to stop Young Guard 's bleed . angle under seat we see Copeland , alive . the crash have rip the bar from a back window and shattered the glass . he work to get out the open . back to kimble a second shiver ripple through the bus , stronger . kimble retract he hand to touch a metal panel - and feel a grow vibration . kimble just where the hell be we ? the Old Guard feel it too . he get down on he knee and look out one of the shattered , bar window . old guard oh , shit ... ext . railroad track - night the bus lie across railroad track . a not-too-distant bend grow bright by the light of a approach train . int . bus - night kimble see : Old Guard fight the cage door . kimble lunge to he side . kimble it 's lock . where be you key ? ext . railroad track - night downtrack , one cyclops light appear . int . bus - night kimble spot key . pitches they to Old Guard . drag Young Guard to the front for a quick exit . but Old Guard fumble the key-re , he hand shaking as much as the bus . the train light spider - web across crack window . kimble snatch the key away from the Guard 's tremble hand . kimble which one ? this ? this one ?! Old Guard gulp a nod . kimble jam a key in the lock . throw the door open . grab Young Guard . kimble help I get he - but Old Guard climb right over kimble 's back and climb out the shattered windshield . angle on rear of bus Copeland escape through the hole in the back ... ext . bus - night ... and hit the ground run the other way . the locomotive 's headlight reveal the topple bus . int . bus - night train light grow . a nanosecond of uncertainty : should kimble leave the wounded man ? kimble and the Young Guard hold a look . ext . freight train - night as the wheel brake and lock . ext . railroad track - night kimble struggle out of the bus - pull the Young Guard behind he . he sling the man clear . screeching death , the train skid closer . for one heartbeat , kimble remain perch atop the bus . the train light x-ray he . kimble leap . land . roll . gain he foot . tries to sprint away but can not : his foot be still chain . he get off a dozen mincing step before ... impact : a hundred ton of steel slam into the bus , split it open . shrapnel rip through kimble 's thigh , but he stay on he foot , still run feverish half - step . a explosion envelop the train . flame stream down its flank . the train burn past the wounded Guard . kimble look back , expect to see the catastrophe behind he . but he get the shock of he life - of any man 's life : still on its wheel , the locomotive be derailing - and come after he . it 's the stuff of nightmare : one little man be chase by a fire-breathing locomotive . the train burrow to a stop . kimble be suddenly five foot taller , stand on a upheaval of earth , stare eyeball - to - eyeball with the train that nearly devoure he . he pants . cough on smoke . then notice something in he hand . it 's the key-re . ext . wood - night kimble sit and search the key-re for manacle key . suddenly a hand reach down and snatch the key-re away . copeland ( o.s. ) give I that . kimble watch as Copeland quickly unlock both set of he own chain . copeland you listen to I . I do not give a damn which way you go , just do not follow I . kimble take the key as Copeland wrap he chain around he arm and run . kimble unlock he leg iron and run in the other direction - crossing a hilltop in the moonlight . dissolve to : ext . crash site ( southern illinois ) - night News and sheriff 's department chopper circle billow smoke . tilt down to reveal the derail train . Fire engine hose down the blacken locomotive . rescue worker work feverishly with jaw - of- life to get into the mangle wreckage . illuminate by spotlight , transportation investigator in blue coverall pick through the twisted remain of the bus . State trooper restrain spectator . two american - make rental car pull up . four deputy U.S. marshal emerge : bigg . swagger midwestern carnivore . built like a brick shithouse . renfro . bantam -rooster of a man , no more than 140 pound fully - equip . poole . Black woman . nobody mind have she around during nut-cuttin ' time . newman , a scrub-face G - 5 . from the second car step gerard . he take in the media spectacle . gerard good lord ... refro what be this ... a circus ? as a group they begin move along the service road above the crash site . derail train car be accortian below they . they take in the element of the crash and as they walk each begin to reveal they U.S. marshal 's credential . bigg spot something ... bigg Point of impact . ... and branch off . gerard bigg , you turn to babysit Newman . bigg shit. ( to Newman ) come on . they drop down to the crash site . poole ant renfro remain with gerard . a state trooper step into they path , but fall away when he see gerard 's Marshall star . gerard how ya do ? who 's in charge ? trooper sheriff rollins . just follow the light - gerard follow he point to where tv light illuminate the scene . he shake he head - it do not please he . renfro and poole share a look , they seem to know what 's about to happen . angle - old guard seat near a tree . a space blanket drape over he shoulder . he be surround by emt personnel , and a young sheriff , clearly bask in the event . Television remote news crew be keep only slight back . gerard appear in the b.g. , listen . old guard ... train be bearin ' down on we , fast . I do not know how - it 's still kind of hazy - but I grab he and push he out of the bus . sheriff you coulda both be kill . old guard I know , but hell , he 's my partner . woulda do the same for I . the young sheriff in charge nod , buy the story . gerard ease forward , display he badge , interrupt . gerard Excuse I , sheriff rollins ? deputy U.S. marshal Samuel gerard . sheriff ( annoyed ) I will be with you in a minute . the television light widen to illuminate gerard . he shield he eye . the sheriff open a file and produce fax - photo of all four prisoner . sheriff ( to Old Guard ) for the record . this three dead . and this one ... he switch to a photo of kimble . old guard well , everything happen so fast ... ( bite lip , decide ) huh -uh . do not think he make it . sheriff eye the wreckage that could entomb a hundred prisoner , then file kimble 's fax - photo with the other . sheriff you get some rest . he pat the Guard on the shoulder and approach gerard . sheriff look like you come a long way for nothing . my men've already do a thorough search from point of impact and find nothing . intercut with : angle - culvert bigg and Newman stop by the muddy culvert . bigg see something . he order Newman into the muck after it . gerard aware of media , proceed patiently with the young sheriff . gerard with all due respect , may I suggest check - point start at a 15 - mile radius on I - 57 , I - 24 , Route 13 east of - sheriff whoa , whoa , whoa ... for what ? prisoner be all dead . the only thing check - point will do be get a lot of good people out here frantic and flood my office with call . gerard finally touch eyeball with the young sheriff and we get we first taste of gerard at close range . gerard ( beat ) well , shit , sheriff , I would hate for that to happen ... so , I will be take over the investigation . sheriff on whose authority ? gerard by authority of the Governor of the State of Illinois and the office of the United States marshal , 5th District Northern Illinois ... poole produce State and Federal authorization document from one of she pocket and hand it to the young sheriff . sheriff ( back -down beat ) okay . you want jurisdiction over this mess , you get it . ( to assistant ) shut it down . Wyatt earp be here to mop up for we . he slap the file of fax - photo at gerard on he way out . just as bigg , spotless , ease ino the group with kimble 's manacle . behind bigg we see Newman , cover in mud . see the leg iron , the sheriff and he deputy pile to a stop . now gerard take he run at Old Guard . gerard please , lady and gentleman , step back and give this poor man some room . like a obedient dog the press back off , they sense a change of story and command . gerard kneel down with poole and renfro in front of the Old Guard . the sheriff hover near . gerard ( friendly , to Old Guard ) always a interesting thing when we find leg iron and no leg in they who hold the key , sir ? old guard uh , I . gerard would you be so kind as to show they to I , sir ? gerard 's large hand extend palm up at the Old Guard . the Old Guard pat he pocket , come up empty . he eye the press hover just out of earshot . gerard second chance . poole reopen the file of photo in front of the man . the Old Guard can not take it - point to kimble 's photo . old guard ( crack ) he mighta get out . gerard thank you . sheriff what the hell be this ? a minute ago you tell I he 's part of the wreckage , now you be - gerard renfro - take that bus apart . I want a accurate body count . poole - set up operation right here . he stop and look into the tv light and start move downtrack . the media and State Police move with he like israelite behind mose . gerard lady and gentleman ... we fugitive 's be on the run for ninety minute . average foot speed over uneven ground - barring injury be approximately four mile a hour , give we a radius of six mile . I want a hard - target search of any residence , gas station , farmhouse , henhouse , doghouse and outhouse in that area . check -point go up at 15 mile . ( to media ) you get that ? good . now , turn that damn thing off and get out of we way . int . helicopter - night roar ... just above the treetop . helicopter speed up a dark river . its tracking beam illuminate the river bank . ext . rural road - night flash light . two highway patrol car set up roadblock . the squawk of police radios break the rural quiet . a moment later a helicopter roar overhead . ext . track - night kimble move down train track . his jumpsuit be wet with blood from the gash . he pause and check the wound . he 's go to need stitches . Far down the track he see glow of town light . he keep move . ext . trestle - dawn kimble cross a tressel , keep run toward the direction of the light . a junk yard by railroad track and a road . Signs along the road show we be on the edge of town . one say : Hospital - 1 / 2 mile . angle - track and stream kimble run from a streak up to the railroad track . as he near the junk yard and road he see the hospital sign . he 's close but he can not go into the hospital in he prison jumpsuit . he lean against a wreck car and catch he breath . just then a tow truck pull a car on its hook , turn off the road and park next to the track . kimble duck for cover behind the wreck car . the driver climb out , dump he coverall in the front seat and close the door . he move toward a house across the track , then forget something and return to the cab . he throw open the door and grab lunch box off the seat - and we notice the coverall miss from the seat . as the driver return to the house we move to the opposite side of the car to find kimble , duck beneath the window , clutching the coverall . ext . crash site - dawn a crude headquarters be set up beneath a tent , near the crash site . Maps be laid out on table . power and phone line be pull down from the line run along the track . renfro supervise the electronics . poole handle phone , take a report from the field and relay it to gerard . poole blood trail find . two mile southwest . gerard ( to bigg ) type it and match it against all four prisoner . ( to renfro ) renfro , get a i.d. fax on kimble to every local hospital . ( to Newman ) Newman ... Newman appear . newman yes , sir ... gerard I need some coffee . as Newman step off , everyone turn at sound of shout from the train crash . angle - train crash a rescue worker shout up to other . worker hey , one 's alive ! ext . rural hospital - loading dock - morning load dock outside the e.r. a worker stack box of food outside kitchen entrance . kimble , in the tow truck operator 's coverall , pick up a box and carry it inside . once inside he branch off down a hallway . int . rural hospital - hallway - morning a door open on a long hallway . a doctor , child with a bandage hand , and a mother leave a room and walk toward we . behind they , kimble move down the hall and stop in front of the doorway . kimble's Pov - minor procedure room CUT to : int . rural hospital - minor procedure room - morning kimble close the door and lock it . hanging on the back of the door we see a doctor 's white coat . CUT to : ext . hospital - morning a Illinois State trooper 's car pull up outside . CUT to : cloth -covered instrument tray on it we see : a package sterilize bandage , a open antiseptic wash , a open topical anesthetic , and a empty syringe . we pull back to find : kimble his wound bath in orange antiseptic wash , three stitches already in . with pair of forcep he pick up the needle as he suture himself . CUT to : int . hospital hallway - long shot ( mos ) - morning at far end of the hall we see a state troper chat with a duty nurse at a nurse ' station . CUT to : int . procedure's room - morning kimble , he bandage already in place , give himself a shot of antibiotic . CUT to : int . hospital - man' room - day a man , tube in nose , on two i.v.s , lay in bed with eye close . kimble come into frame near he face . kimble can you hear I , sir ? no response . the man be out of it . kimble backtrack to the patient 's closet and open it . hanging inside we see he clothes . he remove they and notice the man 's untouched breakfast tray . CUT to : int . rural hospital - nurse ' duty station - day the duty nurse and State trooper chat when a fax begin come through on desk fax . nurse there 's you fax ... CUT to : int . patient's bathroom - day kimble dress in the man 's clothes . he eat a piece of toast - part of the man 's breakfast - as he button up he shirt . angle - patient his arm slowly reach out and press he nurse call button . CUT to : int . nurse ' station - day a fax photograph of Richard kimble slowly come off the duty station fax machine . next to the machine the patient 's call light come on . the duty nurse , stand with the highway trooper , see the patient 's light come on and start down the hall toward the patient 's room . CUT to : int . patient's bathroom - day kimble shave when we hear the duty nurse enter the patient 's room . he move out of frame . duty nurse ( o.s. ) Mr. Patterson , do you need some more water ? angle - man' eaten breakfast the duty nurse look from the tray to the man , impressed . duty nurse ... oh , you do a good job on this . she take he empty plastic pitcher and ... ... push open the bathroom door - no sign of kimble - and refill the pitcher from the sink . duty nurse ( over she shoulder , to patient ) ... it do get dry in here , do not it ? she do not expect a answer , turn off the water , and go into the main room . as the door close we see kimble behind it . CUT to : int . hospital - hallway - day kimble , clean -shaven , and wear the patient 's glass and a doctor 's white coat , move down the hall to the emergency room exit . suddenly the State trooper step back from the e.r. admission desk with he newly receive fax , and start down the corridor toward kimble . the trooper look up as the two man pass ... trooper ' scuse I , Doc ?... kimble turn but continue slowly back toward the e.r. door behind he . trooper ... do not know if you hear or not but we be look for a escape prisoner from that bus train wreck ' couple hour ago . think he might show up here if he be hurt . kimble what 's he look like ? the trooper look down at he fact sheet as we see a slow trickle of blood from a shave nick begin wind down kimble 's cheek . trooper ( from fax sheet ) approximately six one , 180 pound , brown hair , brown eye and beard . at the last second kimble feel the drop of blood and wipe it clean as the trooper look up . trooper ... see anyone that fit that description ? kimble every time I look in the mirror ... but without the beard . they laugh . kimble Excuse I ... trooper sure . kimble move through the e.r. door as a ambulance park outside ... ext . rural hospital - emergency room ramp - day two paramedics try to take out a patient on a gurney . the lead wheel be stick . kimble here ... kimble help clear the wheel so the collapsible gurney come free . paramedic # 2 thanks , Doc , we have to dig he out from under a train . as the gurney come out , kimble look right into the face of the Young Guard . the Guard 's eye suddenly open wide . young guard it 's he ... it 's - kimble clap the portable oxygen mask back over the Young Guard 's mouth and keep he hand there . kimble how be he ? the paramedics move he toward the ramp . paramedic # 1 he 's pretty bad off . Broken leg , rib . concussion . as kimble move away ... kimble tell the e.r. doctor he 's also get a perforate spleen . he 's go ... the two paramedics share a look as they whisk the Young Guard inside . paramedic # 2 ( impressed ) Jesus , how could he tell that from look at he face ? angle - ambulance kimble climb behind the wheel . ext . train crash site / operation headquarters - day a full communication link be in place . deputy marshal answer phone , work fax , add information to a situation board . trooper bring in information . poole call gerard . poole background just come in from Chicago . gerard hit I . renfro and poole lay out the detail . the download of information come clear and fast . renfro Richard David kimble . vascular surgeon . convict of first - degree murder in the kill of he wife . plead innocent . claim a one -arm - gerard let 's not retry the case . prior and accomplice ? gerard step up the hillside out of sight of the investigation to take a leak . follow by renfro and poole . renfro none . no previous arrest . poole take up a position discreetly behind tree as gerard unzip he fly and relieve himself . gerard seal juvie record ? poole call out from behind tree . poole nothing . total cherry . gerard relative ? Children ? renfro no relative . poole one child . a son . die in drown accident three year ago . gerard girl friend ? ex - wife ? Friends ? combination of the above ? poole lot of friend . doctor . Hospital staff . gerard zip up . gerard start there . authorize tap . cover he lawyer first . renfro never get it . gerard Bet I . renfro will not take it . gerard have Stevens go to judge rubin , he will sign them . ... bigg charge up the hillside . bigg delange Hospital . wound guard swear to High Holy he see kimble right there in the hallway . ambulance , miss too . angle - situation tent gerard move quickly to the map . gerard give I a time . bigg o-nine-thirty . twenty minute ago . gerard redraw the circle of unit . no longer be we cover a fifty - mile radius . the circle be redrawn , tightened , with the hospital as its center . the triangulation be set . CUT to : ext . rural railroad crossing - day the ambulance follow three car toward a rural railroad crossing . cop ( v.o. ) ... we be wait up here in canton . wonder if you hear anything on this kimble chase - int . ambulance - day kimble behind the wheel as he approach the railroad crossing . the biocom monitor police chatter : dispatcher ( v.o. ) two -twelve -a , be advise that all discussion on this matter be to be conduct on a tactical frequency - either Channel k or Z. over . frequency go dead . kimble look through the windshield : road sign a arrow point toward canton , two mile . the car in front slow as the railroad crossing signal suddenly activate and the bar begin to drop . kimble pop the siren and hurriedly snake through the crossing and head in the opposite direction ... but he maneuver get attention . int . truck cab - day truck driver watch kimble cut through the crossing and reach for he c.b. radio . ext . crash site - day poole hang up phone . poole ambulance just spot two mile west of doverville . head north on State road 53 . renfro turn to the map and mark it . the circle be much smaller . renfro running outta map , Sam . the crash site and hospital be already mark . gerard be ready to move . gerard just the way we want it . okay , people , let 's button up . they move off to wait State trooper car and helicopter . int . ambulance - day kimble drive down a rural road . he flip down visor and eyeball fold roadmap ... ext . secondary road ( kentucky ) - day ... the ambulance crest a hill . in the distance we see the grosvner viaduct and the barkley dam . ext . highway ( kentucky ) - day blow other traffic off the road , whooping cruiser and g-car stream south through the rugge rural terrain of Southern Illinois . overtake they all , a chopper thunder overhead . int . helicopter head into hilly terrain . down below we see the ambulance . Inside the helicopter gerard eye the terrain . pilot ( into radio ) we have get a visual ... ( to gerard ) he 's head toward the viaduct . gerard seal it up . ext . aerial view of grosvner viaduct - day the two - lane road disappear into long tunnel . Three hundred foot below the road tumble the Tennessee River . the barkley dam rise ahead . kimble 's ambulance roar into the tunnel . on kimble suddenly see the helicopter set down ahead of he at the mouth of the tunnel . kimble slam on brake and turn to retreat . angle - far end of tunnel ( behind he ) Illinois highway patrol car pull to a stop at the far entrance . Light flare . set out road block . angle helicopter gerard step out follow by renfro and poole . kimble's ambulance come to a stop , block traffic in both direction . immediately horn begin blaring . ext . tunnel - night trooper pull up . bigg and Newman behind kimble block the other end . trooper with gun draw block the exit . the p.a. from a State patrol car blare : p.a. ( v.o. ) please remain in you vehicle and lock you door . repeat , please remain in - angle on helicopter poole and renfro materialize already deck out in kevlar . they be jack up and ready to rock . renfro hand gerard a vest . renfro get he . gerard unholster a 40 caliber , Glock model 22 . gerard okay , lady and gentleman hard part 's over . he start into the tunnel . renfro ( to radio ) we be movin ' in . int . tunnel - day weapon draw , but hold discreetly at they side , three silhouettes enter . driver who have not heed the trooper ' p.a. warning take one look at gerard and quickly climb back inside and lock they door . bigg , renfro and poole fan out to the side and give the middle to gerard . the tunnel be quickly quiet . kimble huddle at mid-tunnel . he 's trap . drop to the ground beneath the truck . his heart pound , brain click , fight panic . suddenly he realize he 's in water . running water . on marshal they reach the mid-tunnel area . no kimble . bigg look around , beneath vehicle . gerard listen . poole look confuse . poole where would he go ? gerard spot the trickle of water . he backtrack it until he find a loose grate in the pavement . man-size . gerard bigg , renfro with I . int . STORM drain - forking conduit - day kimble splashes blindly through ankle - deep sluice . he slow at forking tunnel to catch he breath and pick a direction . a dull roar come from somewhere - from everywhere . he whip off he jacket and sling it down a tunnel , then continue straight ahead . somewhere behind , light probe splash - pattern on the conduit wall - telltale sign of kimble 's pass . the light belong to ... gerard , bigg and renfro . they push on , soon reach the forking tunnel . renfro find the jacket ant splash sign . gerard Channel Three . they conform they radio . split up , bigg and renfro go leave . gerard - straight ahead . int . downslope conduit - day kimble . brace with all four limb . negotiate a mossy downslope . int . conduit - day bigg and renfro . sweep he light as he advance . search for splash - pattern . bigg ( into shoulder - mike ) nothing yet . int . conduit - day gerard . probe a branch - off tunnel with he light . about to pass , he notice scraping on the mossy wall of the branch - off tunnel . Hand mark ? gerard ( into radio ) get a possible here . stand by . he stow he light but hang onto the Glock . brace with three limb int . downslope conduit - day gerard begin the tricky descent . slip once . recover . slip again ... ... and tumble out of control . gun and radio clatter away . scrabble for purchase , he finally snag a overhead pipe . gerard stabilize . sweep he light to locate he Glock , lie down -tunnel . he ease toward it . but another hand get there first . it 's kimble . face dark and desperate . dangerous . Hand flex on the pistol . they lock eye for a beat . kimble I do not kill my wife . gerard so , you do not kill you wife . not my problem . a adrenal beat . for a moment they hold a look . then the silence be break by gerard 's radio . bigg ( v.o. ) gerard ? you there ? gerard look for he radio , then back at kimble - he 's go . instantly gerard reach for he ankle - and pull a back - up piece . int . conduit - day as renfro hear footstep pounding he way . another angle gerard charge down the tunnel . from a side tunnel , renfro appear , almost collide . bigg follow ... gerard straight ahead ! int . conduit - day kimble stick gerard 's gun into he waist band to balance in the tunnel . he spill around a corner and stop . ahead lie a orb of light . the tunnel end . the noise be incredible . kimble move to the end of the tunnel and stop . kimble's Pov Water pour from the tunnel into the spillway of barkley dam disappear into a veil of mist below - a great cauldron of mist . no rock . none visible at least . he hear the marshal behind he - coming closer . angle - marshal gerard and renfro turn the corner . renfro drop into a shoot stance . gerard turn around , hand over you head . and get down on the ground . for a moment kimble eye gerard . gerard you choice , kimble ... kimble turn he back on the marshal , stare again at the water . slowly he put he hand over he head . gerard put up he gun and pull he handcuffs . he move through the water toward kimble . gerard get down on you knee . kimble bend slowly , stare down into the fall , hear the footstep get closer , then do the unthinkable . he jump . ext . barkley dam - day bigg move to the top of the massive dam see kimble leap into the sheet of water spilling over dam and disappear into the mist below . he can not believe he eye . int . drainage conduit - day renfro lower he gun . renfro ( amaze ) Son of a bitch ... it 's the most amazing thing he 's ever see ... on gerard he stand at the mouth of the tunnel stare down . he stare down into the mist . impress . it have tell he something invaluable about this fugitive . ext . top of dam - day gerard scramble out of the tunnel to the top of the dam near bigg , just as squad car , trooper and the search helicopter converge on the site . ext . riverbank - day Far downriver a figure fight through a snag in the bend . the snag - a tree branch - break away and head down stream . hanging onto the branch we see kimble . ext . barkley dam - lower reservoir - sunset below the dam and spillway . trooper in wader search the shallow , deputy beat bush along the shore . farther out we see a dredge boat slowly work the water . from shore gerard watch the dredge cage come up again . as if with the next pass it will prove he the victor . the head illinois trooper captain approach . head trooper running out of daylight , Inspector . gerard light and generator be come , Captain . head trooper look , I do not mean to tell you you job , but maybe one person in a million could have survive that fall . the guy 's fish food . gerard turn and bring he look to bear on the Captain . gerard then find I the fish that eat he . he turn and head to a wait helicopter . ext . wood - afternoon kimble run through the wood . he stagger , he arm hook a sapling which spin he to the ground . he lay motionless , exhaust . kimble's dream - int . kimble's house - day angle helen in bed . kimble 's hand come into frame and touch she shoulder . she turn toward kimble as he move into frame and kiss she . dissolve to : angle helen toss she head back . she wear white silk pajamas and smile down at we . a hand reach up and unbutton the top two button of she top . then kimble move up into frame as we - dissolve to : ext . beach - day helen run down beach toward we . embrace kimble as we - dissolve to : ext . pool - day helen 's head come up out of a pool . Hair toss back , she smile as we - dissolve to : int . kimble's car - night helen exite kimble 's car the night of the murder . she look back at kimble , frame by the door frame , ant smile . helen good-bye . I love you . again ... then again ... then : hard CUT to : ext . forest - morning kimble come out of he sleep with a start . shiver . he remember where he be . his breathe return to normal . ext . trestle - tunnel - morning kimble move across a river trestle and disappear into tunnel . int . drug store - day kimble on pay phone in the rear of the store wait for party to answer . a old lady and she mother shop . across the store a pharmacist watch kimble . angle - phone kimble watch the boy as he wait for answer . we hear ringing , then a receptionist answer : receptionist ( v.o. ) the law office of gutherie , Morgan and wainwright . kimble walter gutherie please . receptionist ( v.o. ) I be sorry , Mr. gutherie have leave for the day , would you like he voice mail ? kimble hang up and move down a aisle , stop in front of the hair color . he take a box of black hair dye off the shelf and look at the instruction . when he look up he see the pharmacist look at he . ext . sonny'' diner - night a roadside diner . kimble , he hair now black , and wear a new pair of wrangler , hood sweatshirt and a duffle coat , move down the road to the diner . int . sonny'' diner - night kimble enter . he sit at the counter and a sparky older waitress , late , mid-forty , with strong good look and tough smile fill he coffee cup before he even ask . older waitress need to look at the menu ? kimble some soup , please . older waitress good choice . she mark she pad and leave . sights ant sound around kimble begin to occupy he attention : a dishwasher bus a tub of dish back to the kitchen . he stare at he . a farmer sit at a table stare at kimble , kimble look away . a man at the pay phone seem to be stare at he . be he call the police ? everyone seem to be look at he . someone stop in front of he . a young waitress serve he he soup . where 's the first waitress ? take a few sip of soup . out of the corner of he eye he see : the older waitress put on she coat to leave . be she go to report he ? he fight the paranoia . a news report on the television get he attention . angle - tv a report on the escape . a television reporter describe the chase for kimble ; he jump at the dam and he presume death from the fall . kimble decide it 's time to leave . he drop some money on the counter and exit . ext . diner - night kimble move across the parking lot try not to run until he 's out of sight of the diner . once free of the light of the diner he start run and disappear into the night . ext . road - night kimble run down the road . field stretch out on both side of the highway . open land . from behind he we suddenly hear the sound of police siren . for a moment kimble move faster , then as the siren come closer , he sprint drop to a jog ... to a walk , until finally he stop and wait for the inevitable ... but the flash light suddenly rip past he chase a speeder . they be not after he after all . kimble look at himself . he 's shaking . a moment later he be light by headlight . a car pull up next to he , passenger window roll down ... older waitress need a ride ? kimble stare at she . kimble which way be you go ? she smile and point in the direction she car be travel . they hold a look as we hear : renfro ( v.o. ) we feel confident about the i.d . CUT to : ext . house - dawn a quiet house on a quiet street out from town . a homeless woman pick through garbage . a garbage truck move slowly down the street . a plumbing truck park along a curb . just early morning traffic . we see renfro and Newman watch the house from across the street , behind a desert house . gerard join they . we see that bigg be in the plumbing truck . poole be the homeless woman pick through the garbage . Newman hand gerard a radio . renfro local official be about to wet they pants to move in . gerard I bet they be . ( to radio ) where 's the woman ? intercut with : bigg in the plumbing truck . he triggers he mike . renfro ( into radio ) same room . gerard ( into radio ) okay ... I will take front . bigg and renfro , rear . poole , handle support . I do not want anyone hurt . stay outside unless call . radios on three . the deputy prepare they weapon . Newman check he service issue .38 , stare at gerard 's Glock . newman uh , just want I to wait here , sir ? gerard Hell , no . you be with I , Newman . let 's go . ext . front of house - dawn door crash open , splintering the deadbolt right out of the door . gerard U.S. marshal . down ! down ! int . house - dawn textbook perfect , gerard and Newman rush into front room . there Pov down the hall a man 's figure streak across a doorway out of view . a woman in the rear of the house begins scream . gerard motion Newman to the leave to check the door off the live room while he move down the main hall into the back bedroom . angle - live room / newman clearly unnerve by the scream woman , Newman open door off the live room . the door open into a smaller bedroom . he step into - smaller bedroom it 's empty . gerard appear at the other ( hallway ) door to the bedroom . hallway gerard motion Newman on to the door to the bathroom and continue down the hall into the back bedroom where the woman continue scream . he ignore she . his foot move silently , heel - to-toe . he check the bathroom as Newman open he connect door - empty - then move on toward the doorway to the kitchen . gerard move to the kitchen doorway . running out of house . he brace himself swing into the kitchen - it too be empty . suddenly gerard get the bad feel he 's pass he prey . CUT to : smaller bedroom Newman look around , suddenly scared . the only place he do not search be behind the bedroom door . he turn just as : copeland surge out , knock Newman 's gun from he hand . in a flash , Copeland yank Newman 's arm behind he back and press a knife against the deputy 's neck and move he out of the room . we ... intercut with : gerard he hear Copeland move somewhere in the front of the house . copeland ( o.s. ) I get you man ! now I want outta here ! gerard move back through the bedroom past the scream woman . he lock in on the voice and sound of the move fugitive . on copeland and newman Copeland listen but get no response from gerard . he back through the second bedroom door , pull Newman into the - live room Newman 's eye be pure terror - the blade press against he throat . copeland ( to gerard ) you hear I ? I say , I want out or I will cut you man 's throat ! gerard keeps move down the hallway , through first bedroom , pause at door to the second bedroom and choose he course . live room Copeland position himself between the bedroom door and the hallway open . he 's troubled he can not hear gerard . suddenly he hear a noise behind he at the bedroom door he whip Newman around and we see : a shoe hit the floor . Copeland realize he mistake too late . he turn back to the hallway and there be gerard . he never blink . fire once kill Copeland instantly . the knife fall to the floor . Newman clutches he head , stunne but unhurt . gerard now turn to the scream woman behind he in the bedroom doorway . gerard shut up . she do . immediately . ext . house - morning as coroner and tactical police mop up . gerard move across the yard , sip coffee from styrofoam cup . he stop at a sheriff 's car , Newman sit on back seat , shake , nearly hysterical , clutching he ear . newman my ear ... I can not hear a thing out of it . I can not believe you do that ! gerard you think I should have bargain with he , do not you ? newman yes . you could have miss ! you could have kill I ! gerard yeah , you be absolutely right . I could have . they hold a look . gerard how bad 's you ear ? newman terrible . I probably have permanent hearing damage . gerard let I see it . Newman lean toward he . gerard speak into he ear . gerard I do not bargain . gerard leave . Newman watch he - realize what a truly unsettle man gerard be . ext . chicago pay phone - morning kimble make call . while he wait for phone to be answer train come and go in the b.g. a EL cross overhead . the bell of Chicago River drawbridge . kimble walter . it 's Richard . intercut with : int . law office of gutherie , morgan and wainwright - day walter gutherie answer phone from he office overlook Lake Michigan . gutherie Richard ... Jesus , why do you run ? running only make you look guilty . kimble I be not worry about appearance , walter . gutherie tell I where you be . I will come meet you so you can turn yourself in . kimble I be not turn myself in . I need money . gutherie be silent . when he speak again he speech take on the lawyerly tone of a man who 's cover he own basis . gutherie Richard . you be ask I to harbor and aid a convict felon ... I can not help you that way . my advice - both as a friend and as you legal counsel - be for you to give yourself up . now tell I ... where be you ? kimble pick up the change in he attorney 's tone . kimble ( beat ) St. Louis . gutherie give I a address . I will be - click . gutherie hear the line go dead . kimble 's go . ext . downtown - day kimble stand in the doorway with cup of coffee . he consider he next move . then see bank clock flash the time : 9:30 - he know what that move be . int . NORTH bank tennis club - day a upscale mid-town tennis club . behind glass window of the entryway we see tennis court . from the court come Dr. Charles Nichols still dress in he warmup , carry he tennis bag . a friendly desk attendant Sharon ) smile as he go by . desk attendant see you tomorrow , Dr. Nichols ? nichol creature of habit , Sharon . ext . NORTH bank club - day Dr. Nichols leave the club . he toss he gym bag into the back of he car and drive off . int . / ext . nichols' car - day as he pull up to the first stoplight , a homeless man move toward the driver 's side and begin wash he windshield . Nichols wave the man off . nichol not today , please . the man shuffles off . just then a second man appear at he passenger window . he lean down to wave he away nichol no. not - ... then stop - the face at he passenger window be Richard kimble 's . nichol ( stunne ) oh , my God ... Richard ... Nichols roll down the passenger window . kimble how're you do , Charlie ? nichol you be alive ... kimble yeah . and I need you help . nichol anything . kimble I need some money . whatever you have get on you . nichol of course . Nichols reach into he gym bag in the backseat and dig for he wallet ... nichol tell I where you be stay . I will get you more money . some clothes . just give I a address ... kimble I will call you . kimble glance around , the area be still clear . he look back into the car and do not see the police car turn the corner and come up the street behind they . Nichols find he wallet ant hand all the cash he 's get to kimble , who quickly pocket it . nichol I know why you come back - to find he . if I can help , call I ... call I . they hold a look . the stoplight change to green but they do not see it . kimble thanks , Charlie ... nichol here , Richard , take my coat ... he reach into the back for he coat , suddenly police car behind he pop its siren . Nichols look into he rearview mirror . see a cop lean out he window . cop ( to Nichols ) hey , buddy - green light . let 's go . Nichols look back at kimble . he 's go . int . U.S. marshal' office ( chicago ) - close on audio tape - day rewinding . the media room - just what it sound like - bank of audio / video equipment and a sound board . renfro rewind the tape . gerard , bigg , poole and Newman . poole we have alert St. Louis p.d gerard call they back . tell they you have make a mistake . poole what ? gerard ( to renfro ) stop it there . renfro hit play . kimble 's voice be hear again : gerard Drop the voice . renfro remove the two voice . what come up be the background sound . exterior noise ( bell ringing , traffic , mechanical ... train ) . everyone become focus to the sound now . gerard ( he 's hear something ) listen . bigg train ? traffic ? gerard more ... there 's a voice in the background . at first the sound be unrecognizable . a bell . grinding mechanical . then a p.a. voice on the tape : " next stop merchandise Mart . " renfro that 's a El announcement . gerard and there 's no e1 in St. Louis . lady and gentleman , Richard kimble be in Chicago . poole , get he artwork out to local police and have C.P.D. check the shelter ... bigg , bring in the detective that handle he case . instantly the room be in movement . steven I will prepare the press release . gerard no . Stevens stop . gerard they do not know he 's alive and as far as kimble know we do not either . I want to keep it that way as long as we can . be we clear ? the whole group sense gerard 's intensity in regard to kimble . renfro ( for the group ) perfectly . gerard reflect on a moment of personal satisfaction . gerard noah ... go to my office and let 's officially take Dr. kimble out of purgatory . CUT to : int . 11 th STREET station - day Morning roll call . kimble 's photo distribute to cop by detective Kelly and rosetti . kelly ( v.o . ) as of this morning Chicago p.d. be alert to the reappearance of Richard kimble . int . train station - day Newman and poole check train station . look for kimble . they show he photo to homeless people . no help . ext . front of cook cow ty hospital - day holding a handkerchief to he face , kimble move through arrive patient and enter cook County Hospital . int . homeless shelter - day renfro and bigg check shelter for kimble . they show he i.d. to administrator . look around . int . gerard office - day the place be hum now . detective Kelly and rosetti sit in front of gerard . gerard study kimble 's file . renfro sit in . kelly Police unit have also increase patrol around homeless shelter and mass transit station in the city . ext . loop EL station - day Police patrol the platform look for kimble . int . front of cook county hospital - corridor - day kimble move past security , then pocket the handkerchief and turn up a hallway , blend in with the indigent and poor . CUT to : int . upscale doctor' office - day nurse flynn , a woman about 45 , attractive , smart , loyal . poole and gerard talk to she in a examination room . flynn I run he office for twelve year . yes , we be very close . but he would not come to I for help . int . cook county hospital - hallway - day busy with doctor , orderly and street people . kimble move down hallway and enter . int . prosthetic clinic - waiting room - day he move into the room and take a new patient form , look around . see back into the office area of the clinic . it could be any hospital clinic from this view . but as kimble turn to leave we see a patient wait to be call . on he lap we see a prosthetic arm . kimble look up from the arm to the man . patient good morning . kimble good morning . as he turn to leave we hear : robert ( v.o. ) do not underestimate this guy ... CUT to : int . university medical CENTER - surgeon ' locker room - day Dr. Roberts from the party , talk to bigg and gerard as he take off scrub to get into shower . robert r.k. 's one smart , cold sonofabitch ... he do she , no question . CUT to : int . cook county hospital - basement - day kimble move down the hallway contain the janitor 's locker room . janitor move in and out the door . int . kimble's old house - day gerard walk through kimble 's house . the art and most of the furniture be go . book be in box and shopping bag around the room . plastic cover the remain piece of furniture . gerard stare at the empty wall . shadows on the wall show where the art once hang . gerard pause , try to absorb the place . he take a book from one of the bag and look at it . int . cook county hospital - janitor be room - day kimble move past the locker , rack and box of clean supplies , stop at a board list work schedule , vacation leave , locker number . behind he a locker slam . as a janitor move off to the shower we see he locker do not close but remain slightly ajar from the impact . int . janitor' locker room - close on locker - day door open revealing the janitor 's clip on i.d. hang from a green shirt . kimble steal it . int . gerard office - day gerard look at the two detective . gerard gentlemen , I appreciate the cooperation of the Chicago police ... he move toward they . CUT to : int . clothing store - day a salesman stand on ladder look through pants size . salesman do you say , 38/34 ? kimble no. 34/34 . angle on sale counter whap . a fold pair of green janitor 's pants drop onto the counter in front of kimble . he already have the green shirt to the uniform . int . self -serve photo booth - close on richard kimble - day photograph . angle - side of the booth kimble take the finish photo from the delivery tray . CUT to : int . U.S. marshal' office - day renfro be there anything in you initial investigation that would make you think kimble would come back to Chicago . rossetti the man definitely have friend here . gerard what about lady friend ? kelly not that we find . CUT to : int . salvation army store - close on apartment notice - day a card on a community bulletin board advertise a basement apartment for rent . bigg ( v.o. ) what about the man he claim attack he wife ? kimble pull the notice from the board as we - CUT to : int . U.S. marshal ' office - day Kelly and rossetti share a look , a smile . kelly right ... you ever be downwind of a stockyard when the breeze be blow ? that 's where we be sit when Richard kimble tell that one ... CUT to : ext . polish lady apartment - day kimble knock at door . it be open to reveal a punk kid , 18 - 20 . he call to someone o.s . CUT to : int . polish woman' basement - day a light come on and a old polish woman , she stocking roll down she shin , lead the way down the basement stair . the punk kid stand at the top of the stair , watch kimble . rosetti ( v.o. ) we find nothing . the Polish woman show he a spare but sufficient bed and nightstand set up . she point to door lead up to the street . CUT to : int . police woman' basement - afternoon kimble also at work at the bedside table . he carefully cut out he do - it- yourself photograph and place it over the exist photograph on the hospital i.d . the name on the i.d. say : desmondo Jose Ruiz . then he place a thin piece of lamination plastic and trim the edge . kimble deface the plastic to give it rough look , then examine the finish product not bad . int . marshal ' office - day kelly ( o.s. ) if this guy exist believe I someone would have find he . on gerard he raise a eyebrow . CUT to : int . dr . nichol ' office - close on framed photograph - day of medical resident . two photograph next to each other . a young Richard kimble and Charles Nichols . nichol ( o.s. ) Richard kimble ... I see he two day ago . we pull back to see : gerard study the photo . renfro look up like someone 's bitten he . he , bigg and gerard be in Nichols ' administrative office . gleaming . fill with award and photo of Nichols and influential people . Nichols hang up he lab coat and slip back into he suitcoat . he show no sign of nervousness . nichol he stop I in my car . I give he some money . gerard where be this ? nichol outside we tennis - ( correct himself ) - my tennis club . gerard move around Nichols ' office take in the detail . gerard do he ask you for help ? nichol I volunteer . he would not accept it . gerard why do you think he come back to Chicago ? nichol he do not tell I . gerard I do not ask you that , sir . I be sure he be try to protect you from have to lie for he . gerard continue to move around the room , study print , book , drawing , award and photo . gerard if you be really he friend , you will help we bring he in unharme . nichol why , so he can go back to prison ? if you want help , gentleman , you have come to the wrong man . gerard find a photo of Nichols and a gleam Ferrari . gerard Dr. Nichols , last year the U.S. marshal ' office close out 11,003 warrant ... 10,975 of that be capture . the twenty - eight other think they be smarter than we ... now they be dead . ( be : the photo ) Nice car . gerard put the photo down . ext . nichol ' office - day gerard and he deputy leave Nichols ' outer office . gerard clearly feel he 's come to the right man . gerard stay on he . int . hospital hallway - night kimble mop the trauma room hallway . the hallway elbow around a corner and kimble stand less than ten foot from a door that be mark : " prosthetic clinic " he watch a technician leave the clinic and mop closer to the doorway , and fail to see a attractive woman doctor with white coat and stethoscope drape around she neck turn the corner behind he ant step on the freshly mop section . head down , she be completely absorb in a file and do not see the wet floor until she slip slightly , look up but keep walk . woman doctor where 's rudy ? kimble they say he 's sick . woman doctor do not they tell you to put up the sign ? kimble uhhh . no they do not . woman doctor put up the ' wet floor ' sign before someone get hurt . she keep go . kimble ( mumble ) asshole . she look back at kimble . woman doctor what do you say ? kimble nothing . Anne keep move off toward trauma hall . he watch she turn the corner to the trauma hallway . int . prosthetic clinic - night kimble enter the dimly light prosthetics lab . he move silently among the cast and prosthetics of arm , hand , leg hang from the ceiling . cable and electronic equipment be on the counter . he leave the lab and move into the office section of the prosthetic Clinic . he pass a computer room and finally reach the office . he be about to enter when a woman 's voice stop he . woman ( o.s. ) hey , ricky ... be not you just in here ? kimble turn to see a prosthetic technician . a large woman with glass . she stand with a partially finish prosthetic arm . memory hit - int . kimble's old house - night the one -arm man 's arm come off in the fight . int . prosthetic clinic ( back to present ) technician sorry , I think you be ricky . kimble ( stumbling ) no ... I have get to clean the blind in the office . want I to wait till you be finish ? technician naw ... I be go to be here all night . you will not bother I . she slip on a pair of headphone and go back to work . CUT to : int . prosthetic clinic office - later kimble clean the blind , keep a eye on the technician who be listen to music on she walkman . she be carefully painting a section of the arm . not watch kimble . CUT to : close on file drawer open . back to scene nimble look over he shoulder . the technician do not see he . a prosthetic Clinic Operations manual be remove from shelf . photograph of prosthetic arm . kimble shift the material into he clothes , close he coat and suddenly he stop . CUT to : int . hallway - angle on elevator - night kimble wait for the elevator . the folder in he uniform shift and he try to rearrange they . when he turn back we see Anne eastman beside he . her i.d. say : " anne eastman " . she see he do the rearranging . the elevator arrive . they step into : int . elevator - night Anne move to the back . kimble on the other side . anne ( woman doctor ) hey , how're you do ? kimble Fine . anne you find that sign ? kimble yes , I do . anne you call I a asshole . kimble Excuse I . I be have a bad shift . they laugh . they reach ground level and step out together . anne you work at other hospital ? kimble lot of they over the year . here , long ago . have not change much . anne I bet it have not . see you . they part way . kimble continue out the door . Anne stop and watch he leave . int . EL train - night kimble sit on the night train go home . he begin look at he information . int . kimble's basement room - day afternoon light come in kimble 's basement window . sheet of prosthetic Clinic patient material be spread over kimble 's bed , floor . kimble search through the document , make note . he study photo of attachment . cable attachment . joint . electronics . pins. strap ... look for a key to the identity of the one -arm man . finally he stop . he find the flyer in he pocket , put it on the bedside table and move to sink . he wet a towel and cover he face . draw a cool damp breath . lay back on bed amid the prosthetic Clinic material . flashback - fight kimble pull the arm . it separate in the one -arm man 's sleeve . wrench . dis-articulate . flashback - one -armed man react in pain . again . ( note : we sense kimble 's mind return to something . get closer to the key ... ) flashback - one -armed man escape the bedroom . we hear he footstep down the stair ... a door slam . footstep again . another door slam , but this time the sound be distinctly different ... a car door . int . kimble's basement room ( back to present ) kimble yank the wet rag from he face , he sense alert . listen , he hear : footstep be real , just outside and moving toward he . hard CUT to : ext . apartment house - day a car door slam . we see unmark police car pull up in front of the apartment . cop be move toward the house . int . basement - day kimble turn off he light , move from the bed to the window . carefully look out : kimble's Pov unmark police car in front of the house , look , move he way . back to scene kimble move instinctively to the back door . he start to open it but through the dirty window , he see the back courtyard cover by more cop . kimble move back toward the front . unsure of he next move , he 's sweat , prepare for the worst . he watch the tac team charge the house but instead of charge through the basement door they move up the front step and into the house overhead . overhead he hear the scream from the arrest cop . kimble's Pov - back step kimble sees the punk kid try to escape out the back . he run , see cop and run toward kimble 's basement door , actually reach it before he be catch by the cop and pull away . kimble move toward the front window and watch cop lead the punk kid out to the car . police radios call the other cop to stand down . kimble move slowly to he front door . look out . kimble's Pov cop put the young man into a unmark police car . his grandmother , the Polish woman , follow they , cry . back to scene kimble lean against the wall , exhaust . int . cook county hospital - trauma hallway - night kimble carry he clean tray down busy hallway just outside of the prosthetic Clinic and stop . kimble's Pov two cop talk outside the prosthetic Clinic . back to scene kimble back to a safe place in the trauma hallway to wait for they to leave . CUT to : int . 11 th STREET police district house - detective room - night the punk kid be handcuff to a bench as a cop work on a report . suddenly the kid notice something that get he attention . kide Pov a want poster of kimble over the cop 's head . back to scene the kid see - want for murder - realize who it be . punk kid ( to cop ) hey . hey ! I know that guy ! the cop look up , see kimble 's poster and then back at the kid . CUT to : int . trauma hallway - night kimble move toward prosthetic clinic . in pass through the trauma hallway he become aware of a crisis develop . a major accident have happen , victim be be bring in . the p.a. call for doctor . static . angle on far end of trauma hallway Elevator door open as orderly bring in new patient . some walk , some be help by family and police . nurse direct traffic . order fly . medicine be call . family member yell for doctor . ask for the injure . Anne pick up the pace with a orderly wheeling a gurney carry a young patient , a boy . anne what happen ? orderly a bus flip off the overpass . get at least twenty more come in . anne what about this one here ? orderly fracture sternum . x-ray 's come up . Anne check the boy 's chart . anne okay , we have get to get some room in this hallway , people . orderly quickly move the non-life- threaten patient out of the hall . still more help be need . Anne spot kimble . anne hey , take this one up the hall to critical Care . kimble nod . Anne move to another patient . kimble grab the kid 's gurney and begin wheeling it up the hall . as he push he look at the kid 's X -ray . Anne look up , bark another order , then suddenly see kimble push the gurney and look at the film . anne tries to negotiate through the income patient to get a better look , but kimble be go . she go back to work . on kimble he wheel the Boy 's gurney into a elevator . the door close . int . hospital - o.r. corridor - night kimble wheel the gurney down the hall and stop the Boy on the scrub threshold to the o.r. and stop a surgeon . kimble hey . hey ! a surgeon pause and eye kimble 's janitor suit and the gurney . kimble they just send this one up . he take a look at the Boy 's chart and grab the x-ray and yell to o.r. nurse . surgeon Bob ! get this one into room four , stat . he look up , kimble be go . int . prosthetic clinic - computer room - night kimble enter the prosthetic Clinic computer room . the technician from the day before be listen to she walkman , see kimble and wave . kimble wave back and turn into the glass - wall computer room and close the door . he close the blind and turn on the computer . CUT to : int . critical care unit - night the crisis have wound down . Anne move into the room and begin check patient . she stop a unit nurse , gladys . anne gladys , where 's the boy I send down with the janitor ? gladys what boy ? anne the one with the fracture sternum . gladys he never come in here . int . prosthetic clinic - computer room - night kimble scan dos file , each a eight - letter enigma . find one with promise and load it up . kimble wrong ... he back up and try another file . " client demographic organizer search by : age , sex , race , limb , or other ? " kimble know he 's get it . int . prosthetic clinic - computer room - close on screen - night kimble key in this response : " sex : male " age : 35-50 race : caucasian limb : right arm other : point of replacement : mid humerus " int . operating room wing - night Anne come out of the stairwell and stop the surgeon we see with kimble . anne Dave , do you see a janitor come up here earlier ? surgeon yeah , he bring a kid up . ( hand she the chart ) Anne , do you write the order ? I could not make out the signature ... anne I see - surgeon ( in a hurry now ) whoever do know what the hell he be do . kid 's a hair away from a rupture aorta . he head to the operate room , leave she stunne . she stare at the scrawle order . CUT to : int . prosthetic clinic - computer room - close on screen - night a " please wait " message appear on the screen . we hear the computer processing , search , narrowing . the screen flash : " number of possible candidate : 75 do you wish to subdivide ? " kimble seventy -five . Hell , yes . kimble type in another define characteristic ... residence : Illinois . again he wait . rattles the blind to make it seem like he 's clean . the list shorten . " number of possible candidate : 21 " kimble what else ? memory hit - int . chicago courtroom - day prosecutor stand before the jury . prosecutor ... murdering helen will kimble the night of January 20 ... int . prosthetic clinic - computer room - close on screen - night kimble type in : " candidate have adjustment appointment between January 21 , and February 1 , 1993 . " kimble wait . sixty - five name come up . again too many . kimble 's reach a dead end . kimble think . memory hit - int . kimble's bedroom - night the fight with the one -arm man . int . prosthetic clinic - back to scene on kimble something have click in he memory . CUT to : int . prosthetic clinic - prosthetic storage room - night kimble stand beneath the hang artificial limb . he take down a arm , work the joint . memory hit - int . kimble's bedroom - night kimble fight the one -arm man . he wrench the man 's prosthetic arm . int . prosthetic clinic - prosthetic storage room - closer on arm he move it again . harder , at a awkward angle . memory hit - int . kimble's bedroom - tighter on one - armed man be arm - night kimble wrench the arm ... int . prosthetic storage room - close on arm the joint strain . memory hit - int . kimble's bedroom - close on one - armed man' arm kimble wrench it and it break . CUT to : int . prosthetic office - close on prosthetic manual - night a detailed diagram of arm construction . another angle kimble make note . CUT to : int . hospital elevator - night Anne ride the elevator back to trauma . she 's think . CUT to : int . prosthetic clinic - close on computer screen - night Joint repair list between January 21 - April 21 ... five name come up with Greater Chicago address . kimble hit print . the machine begin printing . kimble look up at the prosthetic Clinic technician - she be listen to she headphone , can not hear the printer . he continue to shake the blind . ext . prosthetic clinic / trauma hallway - night kimble leave prosthetic Clinic and start down the hall for the exit when a voice stop he . anne ( o.s. ) do you have a particular interest in we patient ' x-ray ? kimble turn to see Anne come toward he . kimble what do you mean ? anne I see you look at that boy 's chest film . she move in on he . he eye the exit . kimble it 's a hobby of mine - anne what other hobby do you have ? Brain surgery ? kimble what do you want ? she reach he . anne I want to know how that kid end up in surgery . kimble I be a janitor . I do what I be tell . anne bullshit . who change that order ? they hold a look . she know . he take a step back and she pull he i.d. anne you stand right here . I be call security . kimble run . Anne turn to call security but do not . she stare after kimble . CUT to : int . polish woman' basement - night kimble 's room be searched by the marshal . gerard find the flyer kimble be hand on he way out the door . on it we see : cook county hospital . CUT to : int . cook county hospital - close on kimble's i.d . - day Anne and gerard stand in the hallway . gerard study the i.d. gerard a man pose as a janitor order a emergency operation and all you do be pull he i.d.? anne ( firmly ) a little boy 's alive today because he do something . gerard watch she eye carefully . gerard so , you be not aware that when he escape he be be transport to menard State prison to begin a term of life imprisonment . anne for what ? gerard for murdering he wife . clearly this be news to Anne . gerard almost smile at she surprise . gerard thank you for you help , Doctor . he move to the position Anne see kimble with the kid 's gurney . try to imagine what kimble be do at that place . renfro and the other deputy converge . renfro what I can not figure be , if you be kimble , why would you take a major league chance of hang around a trauma ward ? gerard consider this as a man pass he . gerard notice something . renfro the place would be crawl with cop . slowly gerard separate from the group of deputy and follow the man down the hall . the man gerard be follow turn the corner to the prosthetic hallway and realize gerard be follow he , hold the hallway door open for gerard . man can I help you find something ? gerard thank you , sir , I think you already have . we see the man have a prosthetic arm and that they be outside the door mark : " prosthetic clinic " int . phone booth - morning Restaurant desert at this hour . kimble make call . kimble yes ... this be Dr. elway at cook County . I be do follow - up work for the prosthetic Clinic on Matthew Zelick ... ( beat ) he do ... I be terribly sorry . no , I will correct we file . thank you . he scratch through another name . Three leave . he dial another number . int . prosthetic clinic - morning gerard and he deputy inside the prosthetic Clinic . artificial limb be be test , fitte . a technician fit a demonstration model on bigg while gerard and poole work with the director of the institute and a data operator at the computer . gerard the onearme man . miss the right or leave hand ? poole right . the operator enter that information . drop the number to 250 ... as poole continue . poole ... age 35- 45 ... intercut with : int . phone booth - day kimble on phone . he hang up and scratch through another name . two leave . he dial another number . int . prosthetic clinic - day poole look up from she file to the computer screen . the number drop to 117 ... gerard location of the attachment . poole ( from the report ) mid-humerus . int . phone booth - close on kimble's list - day the next name be " clive driscoll . " kimble on phone , wait for answer . kimble ( o.s. ) hello ... look for you brother , clive . this be Ted riley with the high school reunion committee . believe it or not , 25 year be just around the corner , and clive 's on we list of lose soul . information give I a number , but when I try it ... wider to reveal kimble on the pay phone . the scrap of paper be he list -of-five . kimble no kid ?... armed robbery . ( force laughter ) he 's where ? CUT to : int . computer room - day gerard look at the screen . the number drop to 20 . renfro it could take we a week to track down every one of that name . gerard pick up phone and dial a number . gerard ( into phone ) Stevens ... I have get a list of name I want searched for criminal history . CUT to : ext . federal lockup - day kimble stand on a sidewalk , stare at the impose edifice across the street . after a here - we- go breath , he start through traffic . int . federal lockup - lobby - day kimble wait for a elevator . it open to reveal a pack of stare cop . elevator cop ( catch door ) comin ' or not ? force he foot to move , kimble board ... int . federal lockup - elevator - day ... and pivot quickly . Elevator rise . floor-indicator move deathly slow . kimble feel the breath of a dozen cop on he neck . and just when he floor be mercifully about to arrive ... overhead light flicker , and the elevator jar to a stop between floor . cop aw , shit ... not now ... anybody bring a deck of card ? abruptly they be move again . kimble 's heart restart with the elevator . int . federal lockup - visitation area - day clearing officer ( to visitor ) Booth Three . no hand on the glass . five minute maximum . be advise that under a Federal court ruling you conversation can be record . next . " next " be kimble . he step to the counter . clearing officer name of inmate ? kimble clive driscoll . the clear Officer spin he clipboard around . clearing officer sign here , print you name , address , and relationship to inmate below . ( into mike ) two -zero -ten . driscoll , clive R. ( to kimble ) be about five minute . you can wait in the hall . int . federal lockup - MAIN lobby - day gerard and bigg cross the lobby and stop in front of the desk ; flash they U.S. marshal 's id . gerard ( to clerk ) we need to see a prisoner . desk clerk fifth floor . gerard and bigg head for the bank of elevator . bigg it 's hinky . man risk everything to find a man he own investigator say do not exist . something 's really hinky about this thing . gerard look at bigg as they reach the elevator . gerard I hate that word . he hit the up button . CUT to : int . federal lockup - visitation area - day clear Officer look down the hall . clearing officer visitor for driscoll ...? kimble be on he foot . clearing officer Booth seven . no hand on the glass . be advise ... the clear Officer , head down , drone on - do not notice kimble be already go . kimble stride down the row of chair , round the last partition to reach booth seven - and to stare at the one -arm man , driscoll , who wait there . driscoll so who be you ? CUT to : memory hit - face of helen' killer CUT to : back to scene driscoll 's face be different . driscoll be a black man . kimble sorry . I make a mistake . driscoll shit , that 's okay . stick around a few minute , talk about whatever you want ... but kimble be go . driscoll call after he . driscoll ... they be not exactly wire for cable downstairs , y'know ? int . federal lockup - corridor - day kimble exit the visitor 's area . he see another crowd of cop around the elevator again , opt for the door mark : " stair " int . federal lockup - lobby - day bigg and gerard wait for the elevator . finally gerard 's have enough . gerard where be the damn stair ? bigg it 's five flight ! gerard then you wait . he find the door and start up . int . federal lockup - stairwell - day kimble descend . Doors open and close throughout the stairwell but the traffic be light ... intercut with : gerard climb the stair . he reach a landing - and skim shoulder with kimble , who pivot past on he way down . amazingly , neither man react . not yet . one flight above , gerard 's subconscious tap he on the shoulder and bring he to a dead stop . he lean over the stairwell railing to spy ... kimble spiraling downward . from this vantage , it could be any dark -haire man . but still ... gerard ( a quick probe ) kimble . other look up out of curiosity ... but not kimble . two landing below , he falter a step , then try to regain he step , keep move . but gerard be pull he Glock : the hitch in kimble 's stride tell he everything . gerard kimble ! kimble blitzes down the stair . gerard move after he . int . federal lockup - lobby - day kimble throw open a fire door and start across the lobby . see two cop , quickly approach . kimble officer - there 's a man in the stairwell wave a gun and scream . the two cop rush to stair and kimble immediately move toward the door , fast but not run . hope to cloak himself in civilian . angle on elevator bigg ' elevator have finally arrive and emptied . he let a woman on in front of he , oblivious to ... kimble move ... the revolve exit door loom nearer ant nearer . int . stairwell - day the two cop see gerard . gerard hold up he badge . gerard U.S. marshal ! get on the phone , call you commander , tell he there 's a top-fifteen warrant in the building . go. he shove the cop out of the way and pound downstairs . int . lobby - day kimble close in on the door when suddenly a klaxon horn sound . people stop in confusion . automatically , the exit door begin close . bigg push he way off the elevator . kimble break into a sprint for the door . gerard burst out the stairwell door after kimble . gerard kimble . stop ! but there 's only one way of stop kimble . kimble enter the revolve door as a big man enter from the outside . the big man size up the situation , realize kimble be flee and just before kimble exit - yank on the door - trapping he partially inside the revolve door . other door seal electronically . bigg charge back , see gerard . kimble fight the heavy glass door . the big man resist - but slowly the crack widen . gerard bull through the crowd , shove a man out of he line of fire . gerard down. down . everybody down ! with adrenal effort , kimble wring he body through the open ... ext . federal lockup - day ... and make it outside - except for he foot - catch like in a bear trap , as the door lock down . harrowed , kimble look back over he shoulder at ... gerard . charge the glass door . civilian suck marble and clear out of gerard 's line of fire on kimble . gerard take aim . gerard kimble . stop ! it 's kimble 's nightmare come true . if he could chew off he leg right now , he would . he pull at he foot just as int . federal lockup - day gerard fire seven time in two second . kimble go down . shot and scream echo around the lobby . a long beat , then gerard rise . through glass studd with bullet hole , he see ... kimble rise ... stare back . equally astound that he 's alive . he run free . gerard open the door ! gerard pound against the door . see crater in the glass - and then see flatten slug all over the floor . it 's bullet - proof glass . through the glass he see kimble rush across the street and disappear into the parade . Doors open and gerard and he man follow . but kimble have disappear into the parade celebration outside . blend in with the marcher . CUT to : ext . HOTEL - morning kimble leave a cheap hotel early the next morning . he wear a new set of clothes - jeans , sport coat and tie - than the day before , and the black hair coloring have be rinse from he hair . he move down the street . int . bar - morning kimble use a pay phone and stare through the window . kimble's Pov - apartment house across the street . int . syke ' apartment - morning Inside the apartment the phone ring . no one be home . int . bar - morning the phone ring nine , ten time . as kimble wait he look down at he list of five . the only name remain be fredrick syke . he look down the street - it seem clear - then he focus shift to a man carry two coffee . he approach a car park along the curb . the passenger - a woman - lean across the seat and open the door for he . he hand she a cup of coffee and as he start to climb in , he shift something on he hip - we see the butt of a handgun . kimble hang up and leave through the back door . ext . rear of syke ' apartment - morning kimble move across the roof and drop to fire escape behind syke ' apartment . he look in the window , step back to see if anyone be look , then pull he fist back into he sleeve and with one swift pop , break the glass . int . syke ' apartment - kitchen - morning no sound . slowly he move into ... hallway move first toward the live room . the apartment be modest . he stop by a photograph of a teenage girl . another be a boy in football uniform . the next one be a man in a police uniform . kimble freeze . memory hit - int . kimble's bedroom - night of murder kimble struggle with the one-armed man . int . syke ' apartment - morning ( present ) kimble struggle to recall the man 's face . it could be he . CUT to : int . apartment - morning kimble search for clue to syke ' identity . he open closet , wardrobe , bureau ... reopen a drawer . there , in the bottom he find a old prosthetic arm . CUT to : angle - desk kimble look through syke ' desk drawer find a package of photograph . he open they and quickly flip through . insert - photograph a group of man on a business / vacation junket stand around a large sportfish hang from the dock . kimble keep flipping through , suddenly stop and back up and we see what stop he : the smile face of Dr. Alexander lentz . memory hit - int . HOTEL ballroom - night of murder Nichols introduce kimble to lentz . nichol Richard ... Alex lentz . close on photograph - morning ( present ) there be three photo of lentz . kimble slowly pull one out of the pack . as he slide it out we see a fish and on the other side we see ... syke , wear a prosthetic arm . memory hit - int . kimble's bedroom - night of murder kimble struggle with intruder . this time we see he face clearly . it be syke . insert - photograph ( present ) kimble flip back to the earlier group photo and we see a devlin- macgregor banner over the group shot . kimble look up . he 's find the man he 's look for but also a new possibility - that the murder be not just a random act of violence . kimble dig through syke ' top desk drawer . his mind reeling . he stop : close on paycheck stub the devlin- macgregor pharmaceutical logo in the top right corner . payroll level four : Security . CUT to : int . U.S. marshal' office - morning phone ring . secretary answer it . secretary U.S. marshal 's office ... her expression change to shock . CUT to : int . marshal' office hallway - morning gerard be move down the hall with a cup of coffee when the Secretary appear at a door . secretary it ' 9 kimble on line three . gerard move quickly down the hall , mobilize he troops as he run ... gerard renfro , bigg ... they follow he into ... int . media room - morning gerard move to phone as technician give he nod he 's ready . gerard answer the phone and the trace begin . renfro supervise . gerard this be gerard . kimble ( v.o. ) ( beat ) do you remember what I tell you in the tunnel ? gerard you tell I , you do not kill you wife . intercut with : int . syke ' apartment - close on kimble - morning kimble remember what you say to I ? int . media room - morning gerard be calm . gerard I remember you be point my gun at I . kimble ( v.o. ) you say , ' I do not care . ' on tracing equipment the number rush down . technician read the first set to renfro . technician ( a whisper ) he 's on the southside . on gerard gerard that 's right , kimble ... I be not try to solve a puzzle here . I be just the poor work man that 's pay to hunt you down . the room be fill up with deputy . poole , bigg , Stevens , Newman . gerard watch the number as the second digit lock in . renfro ( low ) he 's in pullman area ... Fifteen second for location . int . syke ' apartment - close on kimble - morning kimble well , I be try to solve the puzzle , gerard and I just find a piece . kimble take the phone and bang it down onto a table and we realize he be in syke ' kitchen . int . media room - morning the sound startles gerard . technician Three second . int . syke ' apartment - morning gerard ( v.o. ) kimble ? kimble leave the phone on the table and walk out . int . media room - morning gerard ( into phone ) you can not control this thing , kimble ... kimble ? he think he hear footstep over the phone , realize kimble have not hang up . what 's kimble do ? gerard ( to renfro ) where be he ? renfro look up from the address to gerard , stunne . renfro ( incredulous ) Holy shit . we have get a car there right now . he pick up a phone . ext . syke ' apartment - angle - police car - morning the two cop receive a radio report about kimble and quickly exit they car . they rush toward syke ' building . angle - back alley while they move into the apartment , we see kimble , fully aware of they , slip away down the alley . int . EL train - morning close on list : syke . lentz . devlin-macgregor. r.d.u.90 . line draw connection . memory hit - int . operating room - night of murder kimble and Chief resident work feverishly to save patient . kimble this a r.d.u.90 patient ? kimble look up at the resident as we ... CUT to : int . syke ' apartment - day close on telephone receiver . it buzy off the hook . poole ( v.o. ) name be fredrick syke . 45 . ex cop . a hand come into frame ant replace the receiver on the cradle . we widen to find : gerard . we see technician dusting room for print . a forensic tech approach gerard . forensic tech Inspector , we be ready for you to look at this . the Forensic tech sit at desk . forensic tech kimble 's print be all over the apartment , but the concentration be here . the tech take out the check stub , some papers ; the pack of photo . insert - photo the tech flip through the pack , stop on the lentz / syke photo . forensic tech he flip through the pack but pause here . he hand the lentz / syke photo . gerard let I see the negative . the tech hand he the strip of negative film . gerard hold it up to the light . gerard one 's miss . gerard stare at the photo as he radio squawks . bigg ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) here he come ... CUT to : ext . syke ' apartment - sidewalk - day fredrick syke , the one -arm man , come down the side walk . he pass a car and hear the door open behind he . bigg climb out of the car and fall into step behind he . syke hear the footstep but move on up the stoop and start to enter he apartment , notice the front door already open . cop and marshal in he house . Processing a crime scene . syke what the hell 's go on here ? who be you people ? he step ... int . syke ' apartment - day ... see gerard in the kitchen . gerard stare at syke . gerard you have a break - in , Mr. syke . syke you a cop ? gerard my name be gerard . U.S. marshal 's Office . syke be catch off guard . gerard this morning a fugitive name Richard kimble make a call from you apartment . syke be dumbfounded . syke Richard kimble ... I do not know a Richard Kim - poole produce a photo of kimble . syke wait a minute ... this be the doctor who kill he wife ... he claim the killer have a prosthetic limb . you tell I he 's come after I ? gerard would he have a reason to ? syke what the hell 's that suppose to mean ? because I have this ? he lift he prosthetic arm and stare at gerard . gerard hold he look . syke look , a year ago some people come to see I . they ask I question about the night of the murder and I will tell you the same thing I tell they . I be not even in town then . I be on a business trip . gerard continue move around the apartment . gerard what kind of business be you in , Mr. syke ? syke Security . gerard independent ? syke no , I work for a pharmaceutical company . I handle security for its top executive . gerard hold up one of the fishing photograph with lentz . gerard any idea why kimble would be interested in this ? syke no . just some doctor on a company junket . gerard put the photo down with the one of lentz on top . syke eye it . syke ( annoyed ) look , you mind if I talk to the cop to see if anything 's miss ? gerard by all mean . syke move off and gerard pocket the lentz / syke photo . CUT to : ext . sykes' apartment - day gerard cross the street with renfro and bigg . renfro he 's pull we chain , Sam . if this be the guy kimble be look for , why call we ? gerard kimble say he 's put together a puzzle . we do not need to put it together too , we just need to be there when he get to the next piece . gerard stop and look back at syke ' apartment . gerard keep somebody on he . if he move I want to know . CUT to : int . medical library - day kimble move through large medical library and turn into area mark : pharmacology . CUT to : close on pharmaceutical journal page turn as we get closer on heading : " drug pending fda approval ... " experimental and commercial name move past we ... and at the end of the list we find : " provasic ( rdu9u ) develop by devlin-macgregor pharmaceutical " . second periodical - business pharmaceutical journal kimble open to article entitle : " devlin -macgregor expect paydirt with provasic . " " pharmaceutical company plan to go public on introduction of new drug , provasic ( r.d.u.90 ) . " kimble look up . now he know why someone try to kill he . he gather more devlin-macgregor information include a prospectus , and leave . CUT to : int . doctor' phone service - day a operator answer a call . operator ( into phone ) I be sorry sir , Dr. Nichols be at a medical conference at the Hilton . intercut with : int . chicago memorial hospital library - pay phone - day kimble it 's very important I reach he . int . hilton HOTEL hospitality suite - day a meeting be underway around a board room table . a assistant move around the table and give Nichols a message with a number and " urgent " write on it . assistant I be sorry , sir , they say it be a emergency . Nichols excuse himself from the table . ext . medical library pay phone - day kimble answer a pay phone when it ring . kimble ( urgent ) can you talk ? intercut with : int . hilton HOTEL hospitality suite - day Nichols on phone at the other end of the suite . the meeting continue behind he . as soon as he hear kimble 's voice , Nichols react . nichol ( low ) Richard . yes ... I be on a hotel phone . what 's go on ? he eye the group in the other room , move around the corner for more privacy . as he do we notice several of the man watch . they exchange glance . kimble I find he , Charlie . I find the guy that kill helen . nichol ( shocked ) what ? kimble it 's all about a drug , Charlie . they try to kill I because of a drug . nichol who ? kimble devlin- macgregor and lentz . lentz be supervise the r.d.u.90 protocol . he know I would find out the drug have problem . it 's lentz . nichol Richard , lentz be dead . he die in a auto accident last summer . kimble be stunne . nichol can you prove this about the drug ? kimble I need you help . call Mr. Roosevelt and tell he I be come in . CUT to : int . gerard office - day the group of deputy and gerard assemble around gerard 's information board . they have come armed with fact and theory . gerard orchestrate the information . renfro if you be Richard kimble ... why would you hunt for a one - armed man you think kill you wife ; find hint then leave he and call we ? poole to throw we off he trail . renfro unless ... what if you be a well respected surgeon and want to kill you wife ? how would you do it ? bigg I would hire a pro . sight unseen . poole set it up to look like a robbery go bad . renfro how would you find he ? look in the phone book ? renfro through a connection . poole maybe through a company you do some business with . bigg like a pharmaceutical company . someone in security . newman on the night of he wife 's murder , kimble attend a hospital benefit sponsor by devlin-macgregor pharmaceutical - syke ' company . gerard place a devlin-macgregor card onto he board . bigg but syke claim he be out of town . poole and company record support that he be on a business trip . renfro that 's a easy fix . so let 's say he be in town . do the job . everything go as plan with one problem . newman instead of look like a robbery go bad , kimble end up be the one accuse ... bigg ... try , convict ... poole ... and the hit man get away clean . renfro so kimble return to hunt for and find the hit man . newman why ? to share the blame ? he would still go to prison . gerard move to the board . he take down a card . renfro you be underestimate the power of the good doctor . it would be he word against ... syke ' . who would you believe ? bigg so what do kimble do next ? renfro get help . gerard pin the card to the board and look at renfro . it say : " nichol " gerard Stevens , check phone record for syke and kimble . gerard move to the door and renfro follow . as he 's leave he hand the photo of lentz and syke to bigg . gerard find out who this guy be . he leave . bigg hand the photo to Newman . newman ( deadpan ) why do I get all the great job ? ext . chicago memorial hospital - loading dock - day kimble enter the hospital through the load dock . int . chicago memorial - morgue - day mr. roosevelt , a ancient research assistant , open the door to kimble . roosevelt it sure be good to see you again , Dr. kimble . kimble you too , Roosevelt ... be a long time . Roosevelt close the door behind they . int . tissue storage - day Roosevelt bring kimble a file mark : " r.d.u.90 " roosevelt this be the r.d.u.90 file and sample . Dr. Nichols say you need . kimble thanks , Roosevelt . CUT to : int . unmarked police car - day a cop stare up at syke ' house from across the street . int . syke ' apartment - day syke watch the cop in the car outside . he move to the phone and dial number . emergency operator ( v.o. ) emergency operator . syke I want to report a fire ; no , it 's not my place , it 's a couple door down . CUT to : int . cmh hallway / dr . wahlund be lab - day kimble move down hall and quietly enter a small research lab in the university . Dr. wahlund sit behind she microscope and do not see he until he touch she on the shoulder . wahlund ( startle ) oh , my God ... Richard . kimble I loan you something once , kath , and I need they back . CUT to : int . syke ' apartment - day syke , dress in coat and tie , prepare to leave apartment . somewhere in the distance we hear : FIRE engine siren . ext . syke ' apartment - day the cop stare at syke ' window when suddenly we hear FIRE siren , and a pair of fire truck turn onto the street and pull up across the street from the unmark car - block the view of syke ' house . firemen climb down and move to a nearby building . the street begin to fill up with people . the cop stare at the commotion directly behind he . he become so engross in the action like everyone else that he fail to see syke , use the distraction , exit he apartment and walk calmly away from the scene . int . U.S. marshal' office - day Newman study the photograph of lentz and syke under a magnify glass . insert - close on photo of lentz we see the logo on lentz ' shirt say : " C m h " ext . EL station - phone booth - day syke stand at a phone booth , finish a call , then move up the stair to board a el train . int . hilton HOTEL - day a conference break up and Nichols move down hallway . he slow when he see gerard and renfro wait for he . nichol Mr. gerard . gerard Doctor . could I have a minute ? he open the door to a empty meeting room . int . meeting room - day gerard , Nichols and renfro . Nichols stare at a photo copy of the syke and lentz fishing photo . renfro he 's a security specialist at devlin-macgregor pharmaceutical . kimble break into he apartment . nichol I do not know he . you be get pretty desperate be not you , Mr. gerard . I tell you , you would not find Richard . gerard ( beat ) Dr. kimble have not come back to you for help , have he ? nichol no . and it seem like we have be over this ground before . now if you will excuse I . Nichols move to the door . gerard look again at the photo , then stop he . gerard Dr. Nichols . do you know the other man in the photograph ? Nichols stop , look at lentz and lie . nichol I never see he before . he leave . gerard watch he . renfro look down and see flyer which say Nichols be slate to talk that evening in the grand ballroom . renfro ( read ) " advance in nuclear tissue and pathology Research , " by Dr. Charles Nichols . ( to gerard ) I bet they line up to hear that one . CUT to : ext . chicago memorial hospital - afternoon Newman and bigg enter the hospital . int . chicago memorial hospital - dr . wahlund be lab - afternoon microscopic Pov : cell structure . on wahlund she work the fluorescent stain . make note . kimble help load the next sample . kimble half the people in the study be indigent . no follow - up , no baseline on they . who could say they do not come into the study with bad liver ? wahlund the one on the right be one of the sample you send I . it show a lot of perriportal inflammation load with eosinophil . when you see that with the accumulation of bile it 's a classic for - kimble - drug induce hepatitis . wahlund I be impressed . now look at this . she position a second slide . wahlund accord to the study , this be a slice from the same liver . kimble study the slide . the tissue difference be markedly different , clearer . kimble cold normal . wahlund clearly not from the same tissue . in fact . she yield the microscope to kimble . wahlund see this small area of bile duct proliferation ? von meyenberg 's complex . occur in only 2 % of the population . but it 's in every one of you five sample . kimble look up . kimble that 's statistically impossible . wahlund that 's because they be all from the same liver . she smile at kimble . CUT to : int . chicago memorial hospital - administrative office Newman show the photo to a 40s clerk , betty . she look at the photo . betty his name 's lentz . a pathologist . I only remember he because he die last summer . bigg and Newman exchange a look . newman anybody down in pathology who might know something about the guy ? Betty look at the clock , it 's after 6 p.m . dicey . betty it 's kinda late to catch anyone , but you might go by the morgue . there 's a old guy down there who 's be around forever . CUT to : int . chicago memorial hospital - afternoon syke step off a elevator at Chicago Memorial Hospital . and start down a hall . CUT to : int . chicago memorial morgue hallway - day Newman and bigg move down the empty hallway ... this long shot have never feel longer . they find the morgue . bigg just what I want to do before dinner . int . chicago memorial morgue - day Roosevelt work near the autopsy table when the two marshal enter . newman be you Mr. Roosevelt ? roosevelt yes . bigg we be United States marshal . we be try to find out some information about a pathologist , name lentz . he use to be on staff here . Roosevelt suddenly go on the defensive . roosevelt he 's dead . newman yeah , we hear . we want to know if he know or have any contact with Dr. Richard kimble ? on the mention of kimble , Roosevelt become visibly nervous . roosevelt I ... I have not see Dr. kimble . bigg and Newman exchange a look . newman ( a probe ) that 's not what I ask , sir . I just want to know if Dr. kimble and Dr. lentz know each other ? roosevelt I ... I do not know . Excuse I , I get to go . he move away from the autopsy table . bigg stop he . bigg I think you be lie to we . Roosevelt look from one marshal to the other as we : CUT to : int . chicago memorial - dr . wahlund be lab - afternoon as Kathy pack up evidence , kimble look through the report . kimble they would be home free if I have not be lean on they to account for the liver I be see . and I would not have see the liver if I have not tell the guy on my service to call I when they have case that be bleed excessively in surgery . wahlund Big buck . one schmuck stand in the way . easy , get rid of he and he wife . but why lentz ? kimble why not ? he 's one of the original patent holder . toss the sample I send , replace they with healthy sample , issue the path report on the healthy stuff - piece of cake . kimble notice something in the report . kimble when do lentz die ? wahlund oh , last summer sometime . August ... why ? kimble look up from the protocol report . kimble because a good third of the sample lentz approve be sign after he die . Kathy come to look at the report . lentz 's signature be on report date October , November , December . kimble someone else use lentz 's name . wahlund a pathologist at devlin-macgregor ? kimble they would not have have the access . they would have need someone at the hospital . kimble open the devlin-macgregor prospectus he take from the medical library and open it to the beginning . a photo get he attention . he take the bag and start for the door . wahlund where be you go ? kimble to see a old friend . CUT to : int . gerard office - night gerard at he board . the card form a triangle : syke devlin- macgregor - lentz with kimble at the apex . he stare at the board . poole come to the door . poole it 's Newman . line two . int . chicago memorial hospital - hallway - night kimble slip down corridor . we see someone follow he . it be syke . int . chicago memorial hospital hallway - night Newman on portable phone . behind he bigg question Mr. Roosevelt . newman the old guy do not know where he be go . but he pick up some tissue sample . gerard tissue sample ? gerard go to he board . renfro listen on the speakerphone . newman ... from a drug study . and sign for by Dr. Charles Nichols . renfro and gerard exchange a look . newman Nichols also know lentz . he be a pathologist . renfro he be cover for kimble . gerard ( to renfro ) get cpd to bring in syke . gerard stare at the board . CUT to : int . hospital tunnel - night kimble move through steam tunnel beneath the hospital . it be line with old furniture and supplies . a few moment later we see syke follow . CUT to : int . hilton HOTEL grand ballroom - night a cordial host step up to the microphone . the room be fill with doctor seat at table around the room . it be the end of a dinner symposium . host tonight to close we conference , we be honore to hear a report from one of the most respected man in he field ... CUT to : ext . chicago memorial hospital - night kimble exit the hospital and move toward Hospital e1 Station . int . ballroom - night as the host continue he introduction of the keynote speaker we pan the day of distinguished medical man and woman ... host ... he be the A. Jude Robinson fellow and administrative Chief of pathology at Chicago Memorial Hospital ... and just recently have be appoint member of the board of director for devlin-macgregor pharmaceutical . please welcome ... ... and stop on Charles Nichols . host ... Dr. Charles Nichols . Nichols rise to applause and move to the podium . ext . chicago memorial hospital EL station - night kimble start up the stair to the station just as a train be come in . kimble move down the platform and board the downtown train . just before the door close syke step onto the last car . the train move out . CUT to : int . gerard office - night gerard stare at he board . Stevens come to the door . steven I check syke ' call for the last two year against kimble 's like you ask and find nothing . gerard all right . it be a think . he go back to the board but Stevens be not finish . steven but when I cross-check kimble 's phone record ... one come up . gerard look up . gerard kimble call sykes. ( call ) renfro ! get C.P.D. to bring in syke ! steven night of he wife 's murder - seven-thirty in the evening from he car . gerard stare at the deputy , think - something do not click . Stevens see the empty stare , then gerard look back at he board . steven I have the phone record right here . gerard ( call ) poole ! bring I kimble 's arrest report , now . ( to Stevens ) no , Stevens ... I believe you . poole enter with kimble 's arrest transcript . gerard take the transcript as renfro appear at the door . poole Sam , C.P.D. just check syke ' apartment . he 's not there . as gerard look up , we - CUT to : int . downtown EL train - on kimble - night sit in the front car . there be very few other rider . a man with newspaper sit across the car read . the headline face kimble say : " kimble in chicago " . kimble 's book photo stare back at he . kimble react to the headline , look away as the man turn the page . the man look over the newspaper at kimble , then go back to read . a moment later he fold the paper back to the front page . the man look up from the paper and look at kimble again , then down . coolly the man fold the paper , tuck it under he arm , stand , look through the car , then move into one of the rear car . kimble look out the window - hope desperately for he car to reach the station . he keep he head turn until the man be go . angle - through CENTER of train - night from the center of kimble 's car we see the man with the newspaper move up to a transit cop . they begin talk . kimble stand , come into the shot . we see he watch the discussion . suddenly a man , sit in the rear of the car , stand and block kimble 's view of the cop . it 's syke . his gun be draw . syke back up . move to the door , Doc . CUT to : int . train - transit cop' car - night Transit cop move past the man with the newspaper toward kimble 's car . transit cop ( to radio ) this be transit unit , 23 . I have a possible sighting of Richard kimble . northbound come into the balbo station . request immediate back - up at the station . he move toward the connect door to kimble 's car . CUT to : int . kimble's car - night the train be not yet to the station . he have no escape . syke move toward he . syke this be my stop , doc. kimble stare hard at syke . he step toward the side exit . kimble good , it 's my stop , too . suddenly the door behind syke open and the Transit cop enter . transit cop kimble . ( to syke ) Sir , move away from he . syke - the gun tuck next to he side - turn . the cop see syke ' gun , react ... but syke fire first , shoot the cop four time . as the cop fall , syke turn quickly to finish kimble . but kimble pull the emergency brake over the door . ext . train - night the brake lock . the train screech . int . rear car - night passenger be throw off they foot . bag and briefcase go fly . int . kimble's car - night syke be throw forward toward kimble who hold onto a bar for balance . ext . train - night the train stop just short of the station . only the first two window of the front car be over the platform . int . kimble's car - night syke be throw to the floor - the gun slip from he grasp . kimble move for the gun as syke come up , catch kimble in the stomach , knock he back . the fight carry on throughout the car . kimble reach the gun first , lift it in he leave hand and aim at syke . syke see the gun in kimble 's hand and almost smile . syke go ahead . you do not have it in you . for a moment kimble almost fire , but instead he take the gun in he right hand and whip it across syke ' face . then hit syke again and again with the butt of the gun , drive he down the length of the car , knock he almost unconscious . kimble tuck the gun in he belt and move to the Transit cop . he check for a pulse - there be none . the cop be dead . kimble take the handcuffs and key from the case on the cop 's belt . he reach for syke ' wrist , drag he to the cop and cuff syke to the dead cop . he pocket the key and grab syke ' hair , pull he face off the floor . kimble not as easy as helen , be it ? ( slam syke ' head down , leave ) you miss you stop . he move to the front of the car with syke ' and the Transit cop 's gun out . people back out of he way . he move to where the first two window extend over the platform , kick out the front window and ... ext . train station - platform - night ... drop to the station platform . kimble lower he head and move down the uncrowded platform to the station . int . gerard office - night the report come off the scanner . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ... unit in the vicinity of balbo Street station . be alert to possible sighting of Richard kimble ... gerard , renfro and poole trade look . gerard move toward the door . renfro balbo station . that 's - gerard ( cut he off ) poole , get bigg and Newman . they be go as we - CUT to : ext . train station - night Police cruiser pull outside the station . int . train station - night as transit police move up the escalator to the platform , kimble move unnotice through the underground mall beneath the hotel . deposit the gun into a mail box and keep move . int . gerard be car - night renfro drive , gerard and Pool in car . report come over the radio . police dispatcher ( v.o. ) ... all unit in vicinity of balbo e1 . Officer down . repeat , officer down . man leave scene with two gun match description of Richard kimble ... gerard look out the window , he know what this mean . gerard ( quietly to himself ) damn ... int . HOTEL - mall level / lobby - night kimble move up escalator from the underground station into the Hilton . int . HOTEL lobby - night dishevel and drive , he move from the escalator to the lobby - check the list of hospitality suite and see board which indicate Nichols speech in the rooftop ballroom . he move on to the main elevator . CUT to : int . ballroom - night Nichols speak . as he talk we move to ... angle on table of men listen - the same man we see in the hospitality suite when Nichols talk to kimble . as we move tighter on one of the man , we notice he name tag say : board of director ... devlin- macgregor pharmaceutical . int . hilton rooftop elevator - night kimble ride alone to the rooftop ballroom . CUT to : ext . hilton HOTEL - night gerard 's car pull up in front of the hotel . Police be control pedestrian . Newman and bigg , already deck out in kevlar , meet he . newman C.P.D. just report - gerard I hear . be it kimble ? bigg conflict report , but the cop be consider he a shooter . heavily - armed cpd unit pull up . gerard stare at the police presence . he start toward the hotel where Kelly be confer with kevlar- deck police captain . police captain witnesses say he enter hotel from the subway . kelly okay . I want it lock down . start on the lower level . the captain move off . gerard intercept the cop . gerard that 's my man in there , Kelly . kelly not since he take down one of ours , gerard . this be a police matter , now . stay , the hell , out of it . Kelly move off . gerard watch he a moment then he look up to the roof . Newman hand gerard he belt with he backup piece . gerard c'mon , I know where he 's go . he move into the hotel with he deputy . intercut with : lockdown montage - ext . / int . HOTEL - night a ) C.P.D. cruiser arrive . cop deploy to point of entry . Security guard key shut parking garage and block stairwell . B ) helicopter with police sharpshooter take off from meig field downtown and head for the hotel . CUT to : int . rooftop elevator / penthouse hallway - night kimble exit the elevator and move down the corridor to the ballroom . a man try to stop he at the door , kimble simply move he out of the way and open the door to : CUT to : int . ballroom - night Nichols move to the last of he speech as kimble enter at the rear nichol ... and I especially would like to thank my researcher who help I ... Nichols stop he speech - stunne to see kimble . nichol Richard ... kimble what 's wrong , Charlie ? surprise ? kimble begin move down the aisle past the table of doctor toward the podium . we see the face of kimble 's colleague and friend from the ballroom sequence earlier . at first no one notice kimble but as he make he way toward the dais , the applause fade and then room quiet . whisper of : crowd it 's Richard . it 's kimble . stun expression . kimble continue to the front , talk to Nichols as if the room be empty . kimble after lentz die , you be the only one that have access to the pathology report . Nichols remain calm . nichol report ? what be you ? kimble you switch the sample and falsify the report so r.d.u.90 could get approval . nichol Richard , I do not know what you be talk about ?... kimble I have a set of the original sample . Nichols stare at kimble and for the first time we see a flicker of concern . kimble you almost pull it off , Charlie . but I know all about it now , and I can prove it . Nichols and kimble hold a look . Nichols turn to the audience . kimble lady and gentleman . my friend , as you can see , be obviously not well . Richard , if you want to talk - kimble I do not come here to talk Nichols leave the dais and head toward the exit . kimble track along with he - move through the table - pass the table with the devlin-macgregor board of director . they be disturb by this situation . on nichol move through a door and exit into ... hallway kimble follow move through the table and people to reach the door . as soon as he 's go there be call for " security . " doctor move for the exit . CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby - night gerard , renfro , Newman , bigg and poole move into the lobby . Police move to cover the lower floor . bigg C.P.D. have the perimeter , hotel security have the parking structure . gerard let they keep busy down below . Newman , get with security . see if you can locate kimble from the monitor . keep in radio contact . Newman branch off to Hotel Security . the rest follow gerard to the rooftop elevator . ext . helicopter - night roaring over Chicago skyline . the bright red sign of the Hilton Hotel loom ahead . CUT to : int . hallway / hospitality suite - night Nichols move down hallway and turn into a hospitality suite . a moment later kimble follow and enter the ... hospitality suite ... and be immediately smashed with a chair by Nichols . kimble go fly , stunne . Nichols lock the door . nichol you best quality , Richard , be that you do not give up - Nichols pull kimble to he foot . nichol ... even when it 's clearly in you best interest to ... he hit he again , drive he back into the library . kimble try to recover as Nichols relentlessly stay on he . he pull he up , slam he against the fire escape door . nichol I always know that I would have to kill you . he drive a blow into kimble 's stomach . nichol now , I must thank you for give I 200 witness tonight who will support I ... when I tell they it be self - defense ... he shove kimble through the door out into ... ext . FIRE escape balcony - night ... and almost over the railing . kimble grab the rail to keep from drop to the street . Nichols close on he , but kimble roll away at the last minute and knock Nichols back against the other side of fire escape . kimble you miss you chance , Charlie ... Nichols charge kimble , but kimble drive he back with two crush blow that send Nichols down the stair . kimble move down the stair after he - pass under a security camera . CUT to : int . security room - night a room line with security monitor . two security personnel sit in front of they console . Newman stand behind they . on screen : we see kimble move down the stair toward Nichols , who pull himself to he foot . Newman stand in front of the screen , talk to he radio . newman ( to radio ) I have get kimble on the roof with Nichols . Southeast exit . intercut with : int . HOTEL elevator - night gerard and deputy poole , bigg , and renfro around he . bigg ( to radio ) keep and eye on he . bigg have roof plan . bigg there be four exit to the roof . gerard I want they cover . ext . HOTEL rooftop FIRE escape - night Nichols rise to he foot , swing , but kimble block the blow and land another that send Nichols down another set of stair to the roof . kimble you take everything away from I ... for money . int . ballroom elevator - night gerard and the marshal reach the ballroom floor . the elevator door open to a flood of confuse and disorient doctor try to escape . the marshal wade through , meet up with two hotel security guard . gerard this way . ext . rooftop - night kimble pull Nichols to he foot . they be silhouett by the light of the city skyline . kimble I want to know , Charlie ... be it worth it ...? nichol this thing be bigger than even you think , Richard . you can not stop it . he hit Nichols again with tremendous force , knock he against the parapet . Nichols stare over the edge - the street appear far below . int . ballroom - night gerard and he deputy work they way into the ballroom . the deputy move to separate area . several doctor point they in the direction kimble and Nichols fle . intercut with : int . HOTEL security - night Newman stand in front the security monitor and watch kimble and Nichols on the roof . ext . rooftop - night kimble reach Nichols and draw to hit he again as the helicopter suddenly roar over the rooftop . its beam hit the two man and a voice boom from the helicopter : voice from helicopter ( v.o. ) Chicago police . freeze . in the instant of shock , Nichols knee kimble and bolt . intercut : int . hallway / hospitality suite - night gerard move down connect hallway where a couple of concerned doctor be try to open the door to the hospitality suite . gerard ( to doctor ) clear the hallway . ( to security ) get that door open . the door open and gerard move quickly through the hospitality suite for the rooftop . gerard ( to security ) stay at this door . he move through the door to the roof alone . int . HOTEL security - night Newman watch the security monitor see kimble and Nichols . on another monitor we see gerard exit the suite . ext . roof - night Nichols run . kimble recover , see gerard move down the fire escape toward he , and Nichols escape . he go after Nichols . the helicopter circle back over the roof , illuminate the rooftop in its million - candle - power beam . helicopter pilot ( v.o. ) I have get a visual on kimble . he 's run . intercut with : ext . STREET - night Kelly listen on he ratio . kelly bring he down . ext . rooftop - night kimble chase Nichols down the roof as bullet from the helicopter rip into the air conditioning duct next to kimble . the helicopter swing out to keep kimble in sight . on gerard gerard hit the bottom of the fire escape and follow . gerard ( to radio ) this be a United States marshal . get that helicopter out of here ! angle - nichol he move away among the duct work . kimble follow . gerard continue after kimble . the helicopter circle and follow from above . int . penthouse / door to roof - night renfro triggers he radio . renfro there be a U.S. marshal out there . hold you fire ! helicopter's Pov following kimble . its beam tracking kimble across the rooftop . he move through the blower and duct work . kimble be gain ground on Nichols . on sharpshooter he be about to fire when he hear through he radio . radio ( v.o. ) hold you fire . the shooter pull back . intercut with : ext . rooftop - night gerard rush across the roof toward kimble . angle - nichol he be almost to the end of the roof when kimble tackle he . the two man crash against slope glass roof of a elevator housing . int . elevator shaft - night Inside the shaft - a elevator move toward the roof . it stop on the floor ten foot below the roof . through the glass roof we see the door open . CUT to : ext . rooftop - gerard - night charge toward - kimble who slam Nichols hard against the glass . the wired glass crack and belly with the form of they body . Nichols ' head rock from the impact . the glass groans . the wire stress . the caulk begin to drop . Nichols struggle but kimble have he in control . slam he down hard again . helicopter circle , illuminate the struggle in its spotlight and gerard close . int . elevator shaft - night the elevator door close and the car beneath the skylight begin to descend . gerard pull up . gerard kimble ! kimble slam Nichols one more time against the glass and the wire hold the glass give way , send kimble and Nichols into ... int . elevator shaft - night kimble and Nichols , lock together , fall down the shaft and crash onto the roof of the descend elevator car . Nichols crash through the ceiling into the car . kimble hit and slide across the roof to the edge , stop himself , just before he fall into the shaft . a elevator car rush toward he out of the blackness . ext . HOTEL rooftop - night gerard reach the elevator housing , look down into the shaft . gerard Pov kimble 's car disappear into the darkness . CUT to : int . elevator car - night Nichols pull himself to he foot . Hit the emergency stop and the door open . he disappear into ... int . hilton laundry - night ... a huge industrial laundry room . steam rise from the giant machine . int . elevator car / laundry - night kimble drop from the ceiling into the car and move carefully into the laundry . ... like a industrial jungle . dimly light , fill with deafening machinery . five hundred pound bag of laundry move from a network of ceiling track to a pair of heavyduty conveyor belt and two thirty - foot long washer . ... at the other end of the washer , hydraulic press stamp out three - foot diameter " cake " which be move by conveyor and dolly to automated dryer . the noise be deafening . int . stairwell - night gerard come down back stairwell . follow by renfro . gerard ( to radio ) where do the elevator stop ? intercut with : newman in security Newman check the computer board for the elevator position . newman ( to radio ) level five . int . laundry - night Nichols push through the hang laundry bag toward a exit , try the door . it be secure with a collapsible grate with a padlock . he look up , keep move . kimble notice the swinging bag , follow Nichols ' trail . he stop to get he bearing , see shadow at the far end of the room between the two washer . kimble close in , move between the large conveyor . angle - sorting room gerard enter sorting room with renfro . he see two sorter stand by a small conveyor as he enter . gerard get out of here . he and renfro move around the corner where a laundry worker be hook a 500 lb bag of line onto the overhead rail . a hydraulic lift , operate by a hang on / off switch raise the bag on a yellow steel I - beam . the worker take one look at gerard and abandon he station . gerard , bigg and renfro move to the close door of the main room . gerard ( to renfro ) we be go in . give I five minute . keep C.P.D. out . he draw he Glock , open the door and enter the main room . int . laundry - on kimble - night he move to end of washer , use the machine as cover . he see the shadow again take a pole lean against the dryer as a weapon , turn the corner and be about to belt he when he realize it 's not Nichols , but a laundry worker . kimble move away from the terrify man , when he hear a voice from the other end of the laundry . gerard ( v.o. ) ( above the din ) kimble ! kimble react to gerard 's voice , move away . on nichol move behind machinery , see light at far end of the room where gerard enter . on gerard the door close automatically behind gerard and renfro . they enter the noisy main room and separate . renfro move up the far side of the room , gerard up the center . both move slowly through the maze of bag , cart , automated equipment . gerard ... there be no way out of here . the building be lock down . CUT to : kimble move instinctively back into the machinery and cart near the conveyor belt . gerard ( o.s. ) kimble ... I know about Nichols . I know about syke . kimble stop . on gerard gerard ... Nichols borrow you car the night of the murder and call syke from it . renfro separate from gerard . he hear a noise behind he - a bag come down the track at break - neck speed , renfro spin , dodge it , get he bearing and continue . kimble listen . he watch the movement of bag as he do with Nichols . gerard move through the forest of massive bag . gerard ... that 's why there be no force entry at you house . he would use you key . kimble realizing what gerard know . consider he next move . nichol also listen . he realize gerard now know he 's the killer . he move behind the water softener tank and chemical - and spot renfro - and something else - the hang control for the I - beam . gerard move carefully . another bag come down the track . he dodge it and step into a open track . from here he can see straight back toward the washer . gerard kimble ... come meet I out here . on renfro he step out and then back as a bag shoot by . he duck under the bag - into the next track and suddenly hear a whirring sound behind he . renfro turn as a I - beam come rush down the open track and knock he to the floor , open a gash across the side of he head . he lay still . nichol step out of the shadow , turn he over expose he empty shoulder harness and take the gun from renfro 's hand . Nichols move toward gerard with the gun . gerard oblivious to this action , move on , pass the conveyor belt . he make one last appeal . gerard it 's time to quit run ... if you do not , you know I will stop you . he listen , there be no answer . kimble start to move out to meet gerard , see renfro down . his shoulder harness be empty . he know Nichols be armed . gerard move into the alley between the two giant washer . he pause , look back , then continue , when he turn he back on we ... nichol step into frame behind he and slowly take aim . just before he fire however he hear ... kimble ( o.s. ) hey , chuckle ... Nichols turn toward the voice as kimble swing the stick and clock he - send the gun skitter on the floor behind gerard . gerard turn on the sound and find he gun train on kimble with Nichols at he foot , unconscious . he realize instantly that kimble save he life and lower he gun . kimble , exhaust , lean against the washer . they hold a look as deputy and police flood into the room surround kimble and handcuff he . int . / ext . hilton HOTEL - night ( later ) Chicago Police hold back crowd of onlooker on Michigan Avenue . Police car and van , television news truck vie for space in front of the Hilton tower . Dr. Charles Nichols , on a stretcher , load into a ambulance . the door close . reporter and television cameramen line the sidewalk give report and interview doctor from the ballroom . we pick up piece of they report as we move past they toward the entrance . t.v. news reporter ... as we report a few minute ago , the saga of once - prominent Chicago surgeon , Dr. Richard kimble , who escape from a Illinois correction bus , take a strange twist this evening when Dr. kimble be capture at the Chicago Hilton ... another reporter continue : another reporter ... there be unconfirm report from police of new evidence which may exonerate kimble while implicate some of the biggest name in medicine ... the door to the police van close amid a flurry of photograph . a third reporter interview a stunned doctor from the ballroom : stunned doctor he just walk in ... we do not know what he be go to do . my wife be very frighten ... the next thing I know cop be charge in and ... CUT to : int . HOTEL - night kimble , in handcuffs , be escort by bigg , Newman , poole and gerard , out of the hotel into the wait chaos . renfro , he head bandage , be help by paramedics . ext . HOTEL / int . car - night as soon as the group exit the hotel . Television light flood the scene . kimble lower he head . Reporters crowd forward , yell question . reporter Dr. kimble , be it true you can prove you innocence ! gerard want the crowd control . gerard ( to police ) get they back . the marshal ant cop clear a line for kimble to get into a wait car away from the media . bigg open the back door and help kimble inside . bigg watch you head , Dr. kimble . Newman climb in behind the wheel . gerard in the back next to kimble . he lean out the window and motion to poole . gerard ( to poole ) poole , you get that thing ? ( to kimble ) give I you hand . kimble pause , then hold up he wrist and gerard unlock kimble 's handcuffs . poole hand a ice- pack over the seat . gerard place the pack on kimble ' 9 bruise and batter hand . gerard take care of that hand , Doc , you be go to need they again soon . kimble I think you tell I ' you do not care . ' gerard yeah , well , do not spread it around . they share a look of mutual respect as the car pull away . helicopter Pov the car carry kimble pull onto Michigan Avenue head back downtown . as we pull back we see kimble 's car - at first alone on the great avenue - then gradually join by other car until finally become integrate in the traffic , movement and light of the city . fade out the end