'' the odd couple ii '' '' travelin 's Light '' screenplay by Neil Simon 3 '' draft ~ April 10,1997 - _ 8 , st : . on : w/ SE : ©1997 paramount picture Corporation all rights reserve ext . ball park - day on the wall of the small , sun drench ball park , we see that ic be the home of the sarasota spark . minor minor league team . the legend on the screen tell we ... '' sarasota , florida '' ( then ) '' ... thirty year later 's ext . inside the ball park - day the game be in progress . the stand be fill with about 90 people . out of a possible 1000 . the batter swing and hit a slow ground ball to the shortstop , who bobble it , pick i : up to throw , drop it , pick it up again and throw ten foot over the first baseman 's head . two very old man rush for the ball . it take they forever . ext . PRESS BOX - day oscar madison , now about 74 , wear a Hawaiian shirt and a straw hat and cigar , watch in disgust . abe , another sportswriter sit beside he . they watch the man go after the ball . one man pick it up . oscar the old cockah in the stand be better than the young cockah in the fieid . - ext . the field ~ day the next batter swing and hit a foul ball into the stand . ext . PRESS BOX - day abe ooh ! he just miss someone in the crowd . oscar what crowd ? we could all go home in one car . 10 ext . the field - day the batter cake a mighty swing and miss . ext . PRESS BOX - day abe terrible . maybe he should lay down a bunt . oscar this guy could not lay down a carpet . ext . the field - day batter take a mighty swing and miss . ext . PRESS BOX - day abe now he 's overswing . oscar do not complain . at least he 's cool off the place . ext . ball park - day oscar and abe walk towards the parking lot . abe be very short , and very bald . abe I always envied you , oscar . cover the yankee and the Met . I bet you miss New York , neh ? oscar well. what be I gonna do ? they be trimming cost . they sell the paper to a Australian . lucky the japanese do not buy it . it would take a year to read the bat average . a sixtyish woman drive by in a open ' 73 cadillac convertible . she smile at oscar . {continued } oo 10 continued she drive : they pass direct he laugh she laugh : traffic , woman ( flircingly ) oscar ? I be have a dinner party Friday night . we be short one man . oscar how about abe here ? he 's a short man . woman you can run , oscar , but you can not hide . 's off . oscar I hate a woman who talk iike mahamm Ali . a young , attractive Hispanic cop ( conchita ) traffic . conchita tough loss today , heh , oscar ? oscar ( big smile ) yeah , I '' suicidal , honey . if I call 911 tonight , any chance of mouth to mouth ? S and snake she head . as she turn to direct oscar iook at she rear end . oscar ( cont 'd ) oy gutt ... abe ? do not you look at a good ass anymore ? abe tf I be not allow to look at pastrami , why should I look act a ass ? oscaR nstop at he car ) you playin’ poker tonight , abe ? abe I will be a little late . pay my respects . building die . I have to a friend in my ( continued ) 10 ii continued : ( 2 ) oscar what no he die of ? abe he get hit by lightning on a golf course . oscar aghh . he shoulda be use he wood ... find out what he rent :s . I be always look for cheaper . he get in he car and drive off , he muffler leave a trail of dusty cloud . ext . two story condo - evening since it 's summer , it 's not yet gark . the condo be not fizst class put it 's keep neatly by ics tenant . oscar stick he head out of the second floor window with a plastic bag of garbage . he look down ané let it go . the trash bag bounce off the rim of the garbage can and splatter everywhere . oscar I use to make that shot . six cat suddenly come out of nowhere and start forage through the mess . a man ( morton ) , about 65 , come out of he first floor apartment and be aghast at the mess . morton ( angrily yell up ) damnit , madison . my wife and I be feed up with this . I be filing a complaint . be you go to clean this up ? oscar absolutely . whatever the cat do not finish , =°11 clean up later . he go back in . 12 13 you int . oscar' kitchen - evening obviously , it 's a mess . he pile food and drink on a tray and head into the other room . int . combination live room and dine room - evening a poker game be in session . it be five woman ( hattie , esther , millie , wanda and flossie ) , aging from mid - sixty to early eighty , plus abe who be now wear a bad toupee . oscar enter . oscar nobody bet . I still get a raise come ... how we do , giris ? hattie everybody 's in except esther . esther wear very thick glass . oscar you do not make you straight , esther ? esther who know ? I can not see the number . why can not we play with that great big card ? oscar we try it once . every time = shuffle , it blow abe 's toupee off . abe feel he toupee . abe not anymore . this be the kind you can swim in . oscar be careful . you swim with chat rug , they will think you nre building a dam . ( already have put down tray ) okay , girl . who get the enteman 's lemon loaf cake , no fat , no cholesterol , no taste ? {continued} 13 continued : millie ( a portly woman ) that 's mine . oscar one late of chemical sponge cake for millie . he put it in front of she . he lean over and smell wanda 's neck . oscar wanda , you vixen . you know that perfume get I crazy . I would bite you neck bute I do not want to get a mouthful of pearl . wanda you realiy like ic ? oscar not only do I like it , i.can see = get you beat . wanda ( throw in card ) he always do that to I . oscar do not worry about it . I lose so many brain cell today , I can not remember what I see . wanda ( to other woman ) he 's just like my third husband , not shouid rest in peace . oscar row do you know he 's dead ? maybe he 's just bluff . ( pick up plate of food ) who get the salt free nacho with the cottage cheese chili ? millie that 's mine . oscar ( put it down ) one Jenny Craig mexicali special for senorita abromowitz . ( more ) { continued ) 23 continued : ~ ( 2 ) oscar ( cont ‘’d ) nput a glass down for abe ) and a glass of cherry soda for abe . where be he ? abe here . oscar sit on a magazine , willya , I can not see you . abe ( sip soda ) this be not cherry . it 's lemon . oscar take a cherry off someone 's drink and drop it in abe 's glass . the phone oscar now it 's cherry ... what 's the bet ? flossie millie raise a quarter so it 's thirty - three cent for you . oscar thirty - three cent ? you need nerve of steel for this game . ( throw in money , then pick up a coin ) hey , girl , I keep tell you . no mickey mouse pin from disneyworld . ring . oscar pick it up . oscar {into phone ) whoever it be , I will pay you Thursday ... who ?... brucey ? ( light up ) brucey , how be you , boychik ? ( to girl ) hey , girl , hold it down . it 's my son from California . esther huh. California . my sister lose three pair of denture in the earthquake . ( continued ) 13 14 continued : intercut : ( 3 ) pe millie so how do she eat ? esther she send out . oscar {to phone ) no , no . it 's my poker game . '' last week I win a pair of earring ... int . brucey 's place , california - night 2 his son brucey , about 32 , be with a attractive girl ( hannah ? , about thirty . brucey you sound good , pop . oscar you too . you still a actor ? brucey yeah . still a actor . I just get a call from CBS . I may get a pilot this week . oscar terrific . ( to lady ) hey , my kid may get a pilot this week . flossie he get he own plane ? hattie you do not know what a pilot be ? it 's a television show that do not get on television . brucey that 's not why I be call , pop . I get some big news for you . ( leok at Hannah next to he ) I be get marry this week . Hannah smile , kiss brucey 's cheek . ( continued ) i4 continued : oscar married ? why ? brucey because I love she , that 's why . oscar oh . you do not say it be a girl ... listen , if you be happy , I be happy . ( to lady ) hey , my kid be get marry this week . wanda there go my Rachel 's 's last chance . brucey it 's this Sunday afternoon . out here . you think you could come ? oscar {into phone ) Wild race horse could not keep I away . where be it ? brucey at she mother 's house in San malina . that 's about two hour north of l.a . five in the afternoon . I x11 send you the address . oscar if I be not too nosy , sweetheart , who the hell be you marrying ? Hannah grab the phone . brucey well , she 's beautiful , talented , smart ... hannah ( into phone ) ..- and she love you son . brucey ( grab back phone ) see what I mean ? oscar I love she already . so who be she ? ( continued ) 14 20 . continued : ( 2 ) brucey well ... hold onto you hat , pop. oscar I need a hat to hear this ?... she 's not one of that six foot ten basketball player . be she ? hattie what 's the difference ? as long as she 's thin . oscar ( into phone ) I can not hear you ... she 's whose daughter ??... 22 ?... ok ny 1 godit int . plane - day felix ungar , full face close up . he blow he nose loudly into a kleenex , then make that sheep bleat sound to clear he nasal passage . then a couple of that '' mwow mwow '' ! sound with he throat . we be in a plane . Felix be sit in economy between a man and a woman . they look annoyed at he constant symptom . felix ( smile apologeticaily ) sorry . sorry . a stewardess pass by . felix ( cont ’d ) oh , miss ... miss . she stop . felix ( cont 'd ) I wonder if I could change my seat ? into the non-smok section ? stewardess the entire plane be non-smok , sir . there be no one smoking on this aircraft . ( continued ) i5 continued : she walk himself . felix tounderstand . 3ut maybe the attendant who clean out the plane in the airport be smoking in here . I be very sensitive to that . stewardess I be sorry , sir . the entire plane be full . on . Felix squeeze out of he seat , excuse he follow she down the aisle , then stop she . felix ( lower he voice ) it 's not just the smeke . the woman next to I be wear a perfume that I have a definite allergy to . stewardess I already move you once . felix no , that be because of a hair spray . i= know I sound crazy but I be one of that hyper- allergenic case . can not you at least try ? stewardess you mean sniff every woman in the plane until you find a perfume you be not allergic to ? felix look , = do not complain about the food , do I ? I do not eac it but ft do not complain about it . stewardess you ask for the Hawaiian mahi mahi and I tell you we only serve mahi mahi on West to East flight , not East to West flight . felix I just think there be one piece of mahi mahi that be make the return trip ... never mind . i'11 manage . ( continued ) 1s continued : ( 2 ) > wo she walk away , Felix walk back and squeeze into he seat . the woman next to he look at he as he begin to clear he throat . woman I have some cough lozenge if you like . felix oh , thank you very much . no. 1f have a unusually small windpipe . if it get stick I could be dead in two minute . he smile and shrug . she nod . she take out she cologne spray and spray behind she ear lightly . woman I hate to see someone uncomfortable . Felix press he finger against he leave nestril so as not to breathe in the fume . it make he speak nasally : felix no , I be fine . a little nervous , I guess . my daughter be get marry on Sunday . out in California . in San ma— - San ma -- well , a friend be pick I up . woman oh. congratulation . felix thank you . woman be you have trouble breathe ? felix just on this side . a old sinus wound in the war ... yes , she 's marrying the son of a old friend of mine . I have not see he in year . the man on he right take out some after-shave lotion from he case and pat some on he face . Felix look , then press he right finger on he right nostril , so that both nostril be now close . ( continued ) 15 16 17 18 19 continued : ( 3 ) : woman so you daughter and he son have know each other before ? felix ( hold nostril , very nasal ) not really . they grow up in different place . they meet in Los Angeles . he 's a actor , she 's a actress . woman be you alright ? you face be turn bluish ? do you need oxygen ? felix yes .. ( point up to it ) ... but you never know who use that before . he start to gag from the lack of air intake . int . airport - day digital readout in baggage Claim Area . it say : '' Flight 91 - jacksonville 's . the carousel the bag be come down the chute . oscar right at the bottom of the chute . another carousel ( # 3 ) digital readout in another area of the same airline . it say : '' Flight 96 - New York 's . we see Felix wait for he bag . oscar' carousel a old weathered beat bag appear at the top of the carousel chute . oscar Excuse I , I see my bag . can I get through there , please ? ( continued ) 19 20 22 continued : his bag tumble down the chute , hit another bag and the old lock spring open . oscar ' 's bag be open and all it 's content start to fly out . oscar ( cont ’d ) ( to baggage handler ) hey ! hey ! that 's mishandle of luggage . that 's a federal misdemeanor . carousel # 3 we the bag come down . Felix see he bag . it be a neat suitcase cover with a clear plastic case around it . he pick it cff and put it down . he see a Spot on it , lick he chumb and wipe the spot off . long shot of baggage area : we see Felix at one end start to walk towards the middle where the exit to transportation be . at the far end be oscar , now with he clothes repack but hold the break bag in he arm . they : both squint as they see each other in the distance . they both stop . felix oscar ? oscar Felix ? felix ( big smile ) oscar !!! oscar feliz !!! they both start to run towards each other . after all , it 's be year . they run faster and faster and just as they be about to rush into each other 's arm , a woman push she luggage carriage , push it in front of Felix , who go fly into oscar and they crash . the ceiling we see oscar 's clothing fly in slow motion up to the ceiling and down . 23 24 ext . AIR terminal - day - 3 p.m. it 's where you pick up you transportation . ' the door from the baggage area spring open and oscar be push out a wheeichair with a disconsolate and pain Felix sit in it . he wounded leg , stretch out . a porter carry they suiccase . felix we have not even say '' hello '' yet and I have a break leg . oscar it 's not break . it 's just a sprain . hello , Felix . they cross the road . felix let I xnow when you be go to h a bump . they hit one . Felix bounce and wince , '' agghh " . oscar okay . that be a bump . ext . budget rent-a-car - day oscar come out of budget carry both suitcase in one hand , a plastic box in the other and the key to the car in he mouth . we pull back and see Felix , stand on one leg , hold onto a post . they car be park in front . felix I be suppose to give the bride away . how be I go to stand up for she on one lég ? oscar you can lean on the groom . we will work it out , Felix . he put the two bag down , the plastic box on top of they and put the key in he pocket . he help Felix to the car , who hop on one leg . felix maybe we can stop and get a pair of crutch somewhere . ( continued ) continued : - 2s oscar I will keep my eye open for a crutch store . I be sure there 's a lot of they on the freeway . he prop Felix up against the car , then open the front door . oscar ( cont 'd ) okay . now bend down and slide into the seat . tell I when it hurt . Felix bend slightly . felix it hurt . he bend a little more . felix ( cont ‘d ) it hurt . oscar okay . I get a idea . felix what ? oscar do not tell I when it hurt ... because it 's gonna hurt anyway ... let 's do it in one move ... one , < =wo , three !!! he help Felix into the seat . felix ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow !!! he be in . oscar I like '' it hurt '' better . osear open the back door , throw in he bag , pick up the plastic box and rush around to the front and get in . he hand Felix the plastic box . oscar ( cont ’d ) here ! I get you ice from the machine . it all keep the swell down . ( continued ) 24 continued : ( 2 ) felix I need something to put the ice in . oscar put it in you sock . what be i. a orthopedic ? he start the car and they pull away . as the car leave . we see Felix 's suitcase still stand on the sidewalk . 25 ext . the rental car - day on the freeway . 26 ext . / int . the rental car - day we be on Felix 's foot . his shoe and sock be off and he bare foot be in the box of ice . he be shiver . Felix 's tooth be chatter . oscar you foot feel any better ? felix it 's not a foot anymore . it ' sa piece of freeze meat . oscar hang it out the window . it 's warm out . felix I be starve . I haven not eat since last night . oscar they do not serve on the plane ? felix no . my fish be go east . oscar look at he , the same old Felix . oscar here . ( take a small pack of airline nut from he pocket ) you can have my complimentary nut . ( continued ) 26 continued : , Zé Felix look at they with disdain , he shiver . oscar ( cont ' 2 ) go on , eat ‘em . if you tooth keep chatter , vou will have peanut butter in three minute . felix De you know what the fat content of nut be ? not to mention the salt content . I could have a heart attack at the wedding . oscar ( shake head ) I have not see you in what , Felix ? eight , nine year ? felix ( shake head , laugh ) seventeen ! seventeen year . you could not remember we have not see each other in seventeen year ? oscar to tell you the truth , I do not dwell on it ... okay , seventeen year and you have not change a iota . you hair get whiter , you ear get bigger , you nose get longer , but you have still retain that unique , elusive pain in the ass quality that drive I besoik . felix oh , really ? ' well you have change , oscar . when I see you in the airport , I think you die and you mother be come to tell I . oscar ( look at he ) I hear that line on the Jerry Seinfeld show . felix so what ? it 's how fast I think of it that count . 27 ext . the rental car - day on the freeway . 28 29 30 ext . / int . the rental car - day Felix be drying he foot with he handkerchief . he pick up the box with melt water . felix open the window , I want to throw the water out . oscar it be open . Felix throw the water but the window be not open . it splashes back on Felix . who turn to look at he . oscar ( cont 'd ) sorry . they must have just clean it . ext . the rental car - day on the freeway . ext . / int . the rental car - day Felix be wiping the window with he sock . oscar you feel any better ?... heh ?... whatsa matter , you sprain you tongue too ? felix no . =Z be angry at myself . I be sorry I yell at you . I behave badly back there . I be wrong , oscar . oscar well , we always have bad chemistry . we mix like oil and freeze yogurt .. but I be glad to see you anyway . felix I too , Oz . ( laugh ) God , I be a nut in that day , be not I ? oscar from pecan to pistachio . ( continued ) 30 31 continued : the a felix I still be , I guess . <= hate mess . I hate disorder . I hate how dirty the windshield on this car be ... I go to a hypnocist to try to cure I . oscar it do not work , right ? felix no . he be late , so I straighten up he office and leave . they both laugh . then as Felix be still laugh ... felix ( cont 'd ) .. you betcer get off the freeway , Oz , Z gotta pee . oscar look at he with murder in nis eye . ext . a macdonald be - day : oscar be sit on a outside bench wait for Felix . he look at he watch . a five year old boy come and look at oscar . he just stare at he . oscar hi , sonny . ( no answer ) how you doin ' ? ( mo answer . oscar look around ) where 's you parent ? ( no answer ) you alright ? you want something ? what ? boy nput hand out ) five dollar . oscar five dollar ? why should I give you five dollar ? boy you friend say you would for tell you that he 's lock in the bathroom . ( continued ) 31 33 34 continued : a disgust look on oscar ' 's face as he give the boy five dollar and head into macdonaid 's . int . the rental car - day it 's on a service road . oscar why would you tell he five buck ? he 's a kid . he ‘’d have do it for a quarter . felix kid do not do anything today for a quarter . he be wear Michael Jordan sneaker that cost more than my suit . ext . the rental car - day they turn up a ramp and onto the freeway . Felix look back . int . the rental car - day felix what freeway be we suppose to be on ? oscar the 105 . felix I think that sign say 101 . . oscar if you do not have the brain to pee back in the airport , how the hell would you know what the sign say ? felix ( edgy ) reading and pee be two different thing . oscar at you age , you be lucky you can do either one . 22. 35 ext . the rental car - day on the freeway . 36 int . the rental car - day 3 € oscar be you daughter anything like you ? I mean she 's not gonna clean up after the reception , be she ? felix ( glare at oscar ) my daughter 's a wonderful girl . and you boy 's lucky to get she . let I tell you something , oscar -- oscar Felix , I do not want to fight with you . that 's why I move to Florida . if we keep this up , I will be live in Guatemala ... okay ? felix Fine with I . they drive in silence for a moment . oscar ... so er , what be you , retire now ? felix me? retired ? never . I do part - time charity work in the hospital . oscar what do you mean ? bed pan , thing like that ? felix I read book to they . I write letter . tell ‘em some joke . it help I tco . because ever since my last wife - well , you must have hear . oscar yeah . I be sorry to hear about that . I hear she go very quickly . ( continued ) 26 37 continued : felix yeah . she move out while I be sleep . never even leave a note . oscar so what be that now ? Three divorce ? felix Three divorce , two break engagement and five woman disappear on the first date . go to the lady room and never come back . he laugh but it hurt . oscar well , listen , you just have bad luck with you personality . felix but I have not give up hope , oscar . because I know out there , somewhere , be the right woman for I . oscar you want I to stop the car and look ? felix ( smile ) Nah ... but we should turn off here . I have to eat . it 's a low sugar condition . <= have to eat every four hour . oscar felix well , it be not time to eat yet . it be time to pee . oscar want to scream . ext . rental car - overhead shot - day the car swerve and pass another car to get off at the ramp , almost cause a twency car crack up as all the other car come to a screeching hait . 38 int . restaurant - day oscar and Felix at a table . Felix eat a salad and toast . oscar have a cup of coffee . he take out a piece of paper and a pen . he shove it over to Felix . oscar here . make out a timetable when you eat , when you pee , when you fart , when you sleep and when you cry . because that be the last time I be pull off the freeway , you hear ? felix and I suppose you never have to pee . oscar = do ic for a half hour in the morning and I be through for the day . Felix take out a pill box , pour they all on the table . start to take they one at a time . oscar ( cont ’d ) how do you know which one to take ? felix it do not make any difference . whatever they fix , I get . he swallow the pill . oscar De not you take they with water ? felix ( hold up glass of water ) lecal water ? from around here ? you know how many pesticide they have in local water ? oscar no , but lower you voice . all this people in here do not know they will be dead in week . 39 ext . restaurant - day they be walk to the car . ( continued ) ws 39 40 41 2s . continued : with ry felix maybe we should call Hannah and tell she not to worry if we be late . oscar we will not be late ... so little Hannah ungar 's gonna be Hannah madison . heh ? felix no . she want to keep she own name . her mother do the same thing . very progressive woman , you know . ( a memory come to he ) quite a gal , france be . oscar you be not gonna start grieve over you givorce again , be you ? you be too old to commit suicide . it 's for young man . ext . a country road - day the car drive along . int . rental car - day Felix have doze off . he start to cough and wakes.up . oscar be smoking what an leave of a cigar . felix Jesus , open a window , willya ? Felix open the window and wave the smoke we . felix ( cont 'd ) how long do I sleep ? oscar I do not know . I do not know you want I to time it . Felix look out the window . see that they nre in the country . felix oh , we be off the freeway . be we almost there ? ( continued ) 41 continued : 26 . oscar I do not think so . felix you don‘ : think so ? well , what co the direction say ? oscar they be go . I throw they out the window . felix you -- you throw the direction out the window ?? why would you doa stupid thing like that ? oscar I have they on my lap so I could read they . <= light my cigar and the hot ash feil on my crotch , the map catch fire . I have the choice of find the house or burn up one of the most important part of my body . guess which I pick ? felix why the hell do not you wake I up ? oscar I can not open a window , hold a burn map , try to steer a car at sixty - five mile a hour with a light cigar in my mouth and yell , '' oh , Felix ! would you wake up , please ? '' felix unbelievable ... so why would you get off the freeway ? oscar because the direction say go north on the 105 and then turn off on exit -- and that 's when the direction catch fire . felix so you just pick any exit to turn off ? oscar I have to get off someplace , do not I ? { continued ) 41 42 27 . continued : ( 2 ) felix this be not someplace . this ' be no place ... alright . stop the car . I will get the direction out of my suitcase . oscar jam on the brake and the car slam to a stop . ext . rental car - day Felix glare at he , then get out and cross to the rear of the car . oscar stay seat . Felix get a funny look on he face , then come back and look at oscar through the window . felix where 's my suitcase ? oscar you suitcase ? in the trunk . felix no . oscar no ? felix no . oscar do you look good ? felix ( hold he arm apart ) the trunk be this big . it take a second and a nalf to look . you 1927 cardboard suitcase be back there but not mine . oscar look at he , get out of the car , cross to the trunk and look . the trunk . we see oscar old batter suitcase but that 's all . felix I be go to try to stay very calm through the next sentence I be go to say ... ( more ) ( continued ) 42 continued : 28 . felix ( cont ’d ) if it 's not ia the trunk , where the hell be my goddamn suitcase ? oscar this be just a wild guess , but I would say it 's stand in front of the budget Rent -a - car office . felix in Los Angeles ? oscar that 's a good guess too . felix then why do not you stop the car and go back ? oscar go back ? it take we two hour to get to here . it would take we five hour to go back there because I do not know how the hell we get here in the first place . and if I do go back , we would have to make three stop for you to pee , to get lock in the john , to pay another kid another five buck and then we have stop for you to eat again , take you pill and then tell I what you nve be do with you life for the last seventeen year , do that answer you question ? Felix turn , walk away and sit under a tree and sulk . oscar cross to he . oscar ( cont ’d ) so what would you have in there ? two shirt , two pair of sock , a irone board and a tube of spot remover ? I will pay you back . felix ( he eye look up ) in that suitcase be the black afternoon formal suit I buy to wear when I give my daughter away in Marriage . in the suitcase be the six thousand dollar silver Tiffany tray I buy as a wedding gift . ( more ) ( continued ) 42 continued : 29 . ( 2 ) . au felix ( cont ‘d ) in that suitease , be ten thousand dollar in cash I intend to give to my son- in - law on he wedding day . now in you suitcase , the police will find you break , smashed , mutilate and dissect body in the event that you do not go back and find my_fuck suitcase .. oscar why do not we call budget and ask they to deliver it ? felix deliver it to where ? youve criss cross California more than the cover wagon do a hundred year ago ... whac do you we tell they ? follow the burnt piece of direction on the freeway ? oscar we will drive to the first town we see and then we all call budget . felix that be my good leather suitcase . how long do you think it 's go to stand out there on the street , unclaim ? there 's someone go to have pepperoni pizza tonight on my daughter 's silver Tiffany tray . oscar move back towards the car . the car be sit on a hill . oscar come on . get back in the car . if it 's still there , they have new thing today that get they to you fast . like Federal Express or u.p.s. or er ... er a fax . felix fax my suitcase ? you mean I could wear a picture of my black wedding suit ? Paper copy of ten thousand dollar cash ? he walk menacingly towards oscar . ( continued ) 42 43 44 continued : ( 3 ) oscar do not get physical , Felix . I be too old to hit but = could spit vou to death . felix I just want to know why ... why , when you get around I , you behave like a goddamn ... ( pang top of car with he hand ) idiotic ... nbang it again ) imbecilic ... ( bang it again ) total moronic ... nbang it again ) shithead ???? ( on shithead , not give in one final bang ) the car slowly start to move backward down the hill . they both stand there transfix as it roll faster and further down the hill , over a embankment , crash , catch fire and explode . they watch it . then Felix look at oscar . felix do not you put the brake on ? oscar why ? I do not know you be go to punch it . they watch it burn . felix well , we would better call budget and have they fax we another car . ext . desert - day a blaze sun . pan down to oscar and Felix , drag themselves along , coat off , tie askew , sleeve roll . they be roasting . they walk along nowhere . some brush , a few scattered wilted tree , a arroyo but no house or sign of life . the blazing SUN again 45 31 . ext . desert - day they stop , look =p at the sun , wipe they forehead . oscar I think = know where we be . felix you do ? ' where ? oscar in a clint eastwood movie . felix '' the good , the bad and the stupid " . oscar hey , Felix . you be noc the only one who lose everything in he suitcase . felix really ? what do you lose ? a cld 1967 Met T-shirt and a half a corn beef sandwich ? oscar I lose the most important thing in my life . felix what 's that ? oscar my return ticket to sarasota , Florida ... instead of complain , why do not you look for a telephone ? felix you think there 's a phone around here ? this be where they probably test nuclear bomb . oscar well , they have have to call someone to ask if they wene off , wouldn ’c they ? felix ( jump ) Jesus ! I think that be a snake . probably have poisonous spider too . ( continued ) 45 continued : 32 . oscar what would they live on ? you think they be gonna wait around here for two schmuck like we to show up ? felix I get to rest . let 's sit downa minute . they sit under a dead tree , not much protection from the sun . felix ( cont ‘d ) look , we have to have a plan , agree ? oscar agreed . felix okay . what do you think the plan should be ? oscar I do not care . TI agree . I do my part . felix ( get up ) we have get to find a phone . then we call Hannah 's mother and tell she to send out a car to pick we up . oscar perfect . you know she number ? felix no . it be in my suitcase . we call information . her marry name now be france poevitch . oscar great . in what town ? felix er... San ... San something . my daughter tell I . do not you remember ? oscar I have a poker game go , I could not near ... San Marino ? ( continued ) 33 . 4s continued : ( 2 ) felix ; no. not San Marino ... San cantino . oscar not San cantino ... San sereno . they start to walk . felix not San sereno ... San bandino . oscar San madina ?... San patina ... San farina ? felix we could do this forever . we need a phone cook . how many town could sound like that ? oscar in California ? all of they ... San Diego ... San Jose ... San quentin ... the camera be now on they back as they walk away from we , they voice diminish . felix San mateo ... oscar San clemente ... Robert clemente ... felix Sancho pancho ... pancho Gonzales ... oscar San jemima . felix San jemima ?? oscar . what the hell do I know ? Fernando lama ... ricardo mantalban ... felix ricky ricardo ... they fade away . 46 47 ext . a country road - day a€ farm country , actuaily . [ it be a four way intersection , grow crop all around . oscar and Felix in the intersection look in all four direction . not a sign of life . felix ( look up at sign point in all four direction ) .. Los pintos ? Los brisas ? Los peco ?... sound familiar ? oscaR yeah . they be hotel in acapulco . felix look , a car have to come from some direction . you stand here , =‘il stand on the other side of the road . oscar so we can catch all the heayy traffic at five o'clock at Los peco ? felix you get a better idea , Los idiot ? Felix cross to the opposite side of the road . oscar stand at the other one . they both be watch the same road from opposite direction . they be really not pay much attention to the road that intersect they . ext . road - day the hot sun overhead . the two of they stand there . felix ( call over ) you see anything yet ? oscar yeah , for a minute I think I see Omar Sharif on a camel . they stand watch again . ( continued ) 47 48 35 . continued : then suddenly , seemingly out of nowhere . a sport car go whizzing by as fast as the Road runner and disappear out of sight ... oscar and Felix look at each other . then from the opposite side of the same road , another car whizze by even faster and out of sight . leave a traii of dust . oscar and Felix then move and stand on opposite side of the road where the car whizze by . then we hear the drine of a motor . they both peer down the road . the motor get louder . felix I hear something . you hear that ? oscar with we luck , it 's the killer be from Brazil . the SOUND become a roar and before they can see it , a biplane fly directly overhead and drop a white insecticide powder . it cover everything . when the plane leave and the powder clear , oscar and Felix be stand in the exact position , cover from head to toe with white powder . felix what che hell be thac ? oscar they purposely do it . they hate New yorker . Felix cross over to oscar 's side as they try , to little avail , dusting the powder off themselves . felix who 's go to pick we up now ? we look like two pillsbury doughboy . oscar well , let 's get out of the sun before we start to rise . ext . road - day - a half hour later they be walk down the road , still very powder . Felix suddenly start to laugh . ( continued ) the 48 49 ue ov continued : oscar what 's funny ? felix I be just think . if we ever get there , we could be the two figure on the wedding cake . from behind they , we hear the engine of a old vehicle . they turn and look . it be a old fruit truck , fill with fruit , come down the road . oscar and Felix step into the middle of the road and start wave they arm vehemently . the truck stop . the driver be Hispanic . about 60 , with a short white beard and a sweet smile . heavy accent . driver where you guy goinz ? oscar San rodondo ? felix San yolando ? driver where ? oscar San tamale ? San Taco Belle . we will go anywhere . ext . / int . the fruit truck - day the boy be in the seac next to the driver as they move along the road . driver ( look at they clothes ) whac you doin 's out here with no car ? felix oh , that 's a long story . we be go to a wedding . my daughter and he son . driver ( big smile ) oh , tha 's nice . then you must be very good friend . ( continued ) a9 50 7 . continued : : ag felix ( with some irony ) oh , yeah . the best ... look , we need to get to a telephone . can you do that ? driver telephone ? si. no problem . Gas station two mile from here . I take you . felix oh. gracias . that ' 's very nice of you . we would be glad to pay you . driver no . no money . you my amigo . you poor people like I . be my wedding gift to you child . felix you hear that , oscar ? it 's a wedding gift to we child . that 's more than I be give they . ext . road - day suddenly , from the opposite direction , we see a speed , dirty old pick - up truck , come in a cloud of dust . they screech to a halt and wave to the fruit Driver , who also stop . two man in the pick -up . one motion to the fruit Driver to get out and come to they . he do , then get into a frenzied conversation with they in Spanish , which we can not hear . felix {to oscar ) see ! I tell you thing would work to . everything 's go to be just fine . oscar right . I keep forget what a good time we have be have . the fruit Driver cross back to he truck but do not get in . ( continued ) 50 51 ey continued : aw driver {to Felix and oscar ) oh , very bad news . this man my cousin . they say my madre very sick . I mus 's go to she very pronto . it 's back where we jus ' come from . felix back there ? but -- driver I go with they . they drive very fast . you take my truck to gas station . you leave it there for I . Rico . they know I . felix be you sure ? we will be very careful with ic . driver ( eross to other truck ) I trus ' you . adios , my compadre . you get hungry , eat some peach . he get into the pick - up and they speed off in a cloud of dust . Felix get behind the drive wheel . felix {to osear , gloat ) okay , compadre ? I do pretty good , comprende ? oscar glare at he . felix ( cont 'd ) il1 drive this time , amigo . which be what I should have do in the first place . muchacha ! he put it in gear and drive off , look very superior . ext . / int . truck - day the truck amble along , Felix drive , hum and sing ... felix '' I have get the world on a string sittin 's on a rainbow ba ba da ba da my finger ... '' ( continued ) $ i $ 2 53 $ 4 55 39 . continued : oscar take a bite out of a very juicy peach . felix ( cont ’5 ) hey , use a handkerchief . ' you be get peacn juice on I . oscaR you already look like a powder doughnut , I be add a touch of fruit saiad . he take another bite . ext . road - day suddeniy a Police helicopter appear overnead . it come down and the officer inside wave to they , motion something up anead . int . truck - day felix ( smile and wave back ) hey , look , os . a police helicopter . I bet budget call they to come out and look for we . oscar how would a rental car company know we get lose ? felix maybe they find my suitcase . and anyone dumb enough to leave they suitcase be dumb enough to get lose . he smile and wave back . the helicopter drop lower and the officer motion up ahead . ext . road ahead - day it 's a steep incline . the truck start to chug and puff , barely able to make it . int . truck - day felix come on , baby , do not give up now . we be almost home . ( continued ) wo wi 56 57 continued : ext . road the truck 40 . on mn oscar it 's not gonna make it . it 's not in the card . we be riding a dead horse and we be come in for the funeral . felix will you stop be such a God damn pessimist . I be tell you we be gonna make it . I be betting we get over that hill ... come on , baby , do it for papa . - day 5 huff and puff . the helicopter fly on ahead and disappear . the truck climb the hill and finally , miraculously get to the very top . ext . / int . truck - day in felix I know it !! I know it !!... never count I out until the fat lady divorce I . ha ha !! and down below on the other side , we see about fifteen police car in a semicircle . it 's a road block . twenty policeman behind they car , all with gun and rifle point at the fruit truck . the helicopter land behind they . . felix what the hell be this ? oscar I do not know . maybe they want free peach . the police . the lead cop have a bullhorn . lead cop stop the truck . get out of the vehicle with you hand up . lie on the ground with you leg apart . let 's move it . felix be they talk to we ? ( continued ) s7 dl . continued : oscar it 's a weird state . maybe cop do not get out alone here . they get out of the truck with they hand up . feliz ( the the cop ) officer , I think there 's some mistake here . officer qn _ the cround , leg apart . felix we do not steal the truck and we do not pick the peach , = swear . officer on the ground , I say !: they both get down on the ground . the officer rush to they and handcuff they hand behind they back . they rush for the fruit truck . felix {to oscar ) you do not think it 's about I offer that kid money in the bathroom , do you ? the police take off the case from the back of the truck . after the top case be go , we see a large tarpaulin tie down . they untie it and pull it away . twenty illegal alien come out with they hand up . officer ( to Felix and oscar} you nre under arrest for violation of California Immigration Law 1407 , for the transportation of illegal alien . you have the right to remain silent . on the ground , oscar look at the alien come out of the truck with hand up . oscar ( to Felix ) we could say we invite guest to the wedding . om a 2 . int . the local gailhouse - day in one large hold pen be all the illegal alien and oscar and Felix , sit on the floor , back to wall . besides the alien , there be four or five hell angel type , some shave head , all with lot of jewelry . they be truly mean look . Felix chuckle to himself . oscar something amuse you , muchacho ? felix yes . tell I how we be go to explain to Hannah and brucey why we be forty year late to they wedding ? oscar stop worry , willya ? we will get out of this . felix not without a lawyer . do you have a lawyer ? oscar in Florida . he 's ninety - two . it take he six hour to walk to the phone , the case will be over ... we will just tell they the truth . oscar look at the big hell angel across from he . oscar you look familiar . be you ever in sport . the Big Hell 's angel nod . oscar ( cont ' ’d ) I theught so . do you play tackle for the Chicago bear ? the Big Hell 's angel shake he head no . oscar ( cont ’d ) pro wrestling ? Mr. earthquake ? another no . oscar ( cont 'd ) then what ? ( continued ) wo 58 43 . continued : big hell 's angel ( he ' 's gay ) third runner up , 2984 Olympic figure skate . oscar right . right . you wear a batman costume and dance to chopin 's moonlight sonata . the man nod . oscaR ( cont 'd ) put on a little weight , have not you ? big hell angel I love sweet , what be you gonna do ? wle hear the jail door open . the police usher in the Driver of the fruit truck and he cwo friend . oscar and Felix look at each other and cross to the Driver . felix ( grab he by he shirt ) how 's you die mother , compadre ? driver oh , she 's mucho better , gracias . felix good. good . I will send she a crate of peach . oscar ( angrily to driver ) be you go to tell they the truth or not ? driver I tell they . I say you pick I up on the road , give I a ride , then I see my friend and they take I home . oscar ( look at he then at Felix ) .. that 's a better story than ours . I think we be in trouble . ( continued ) 58 53 continued : aq . ( 2 ) wo we hear the cell door open . oscar and policeman ( at the door ) oscar madison and Felix ungar . let ' 's ga . Felix get up . felix ( as he leave , point to driver ) if we go down , you be goin’ down with we . oscar ( to Felix ) what be you , dirty Harry ? you watch too much television . set 's go . they leave the cell . int . detective's office - day Felix and oscar be sit , two detective and a immigration official in the room . the detective be look through they wallet and card . detective ... okay , so now tell I one more time how the rent car catch fire and explode . oscar he call I a shithead and punch the car . it roll dewn the hill . detective ( to Felix ) why no you punch the car ? felix because the shithead throw the direction to the wedding out the window and leave my suitcase back at the car rental . ( continued ) 39 continued : 45 . detective {to oscar ) why would you throw the direction out the window ? oscar because they catch fire from my cigar ash and be burn on my ¢rotch . felix ha ! first time he 's be hot down there in year . detective ( quickly on that ) . okay , boy , caim down ... I already get a confession from the truck driver so I have no reason to hold you . you can both go . oscar so what no you ask we all that question for ? detective it 's a small town . we be starve for entertainment ... there 's a girl outside on the computer . give she you family 's name and she ' 1ll punch the phone number out for you . felix thank you . he pick up he wallet . _ oscar this be false arrest , you know . do you call my lawyer in sarasota ? detective four time . his phone keep ringing . oscar well , give he a chance cto get to it . pelix ( grab he ) will you come on . 60 61 62 63 46 . int . outside office - day girl on the computer . computer girl {to Felix ) what no you say the name be ? felix povitch . her marry name be france povitch . the girl start to find it on the computer . ext . a pretty country house - day we hear the phone ring inside . france ( v.0 . ) put that flower over there , please . ( inte phone ) hello ?... Felix ? felix !! we have be worried about you . where be you ? int . outside office - day Felix on the phone . felix be that you , france ? God , you sound as young as ever ... how 's everything go ? intercut : int . country house - day france , late fifty , be on the phone . wedding preparation go on behind she . france it 's go heautifully . we think surely we no have hear from you by now . felix yeah , well , we just happen to make a wrong turn -- everywhere ... what city be this again ? {continued } ov wo 47 . 43 continued : " 62 france San malina . " felix San malina . right . that 's what I have be tell oscar ... he look at oscar , oscar snarl at he . france it 's 277 poincietta Lane . Big white house as you come in town . where be you now ? felix we be in a little town call er ... he snap a finger at Computer girl . computer girl Santa menendez . felix ( inte phone ) Santa menendez . I do not know how far that would be from you . computer girl to San malina ? about five hour . felix ( inte phone ) about Zive hour . ( to Computer girl ) five hour ?? computer girl if you know the way . felix {into phone ) france , they say it 's go to take about five hour ... well , that 's a long story ... right now its ... nlook at he watch ) twenty after dust . ( wipe face of watch ) twenty after six ... and we be pretty tired . ( to Computer girl ) be there a hotel in town ? ( continued ) 63 64 48 . continued : ' 2 ) ao we computer girl right down the street . the Santa florita . felix ( into town ) france , oscar and I need to get a shower , some sleep , a hot meal and we need to get we suit renovate . t£ we rent a car and leave here by seven in the morning , we should get there about noon . plenty of time . france alright , Felix . drive carefully . felix we will ... no , thanks . there 's nothing you can go. oscar the suitcase . felix ( into phone ) well , I do need a favor . couid you call budget rent-a - car at the L.A. Airport ? I leave my suitcase there . maybe they could send it out to you house ... oh , that would be a big help . see you tomorrow . bye ... he hang up . there be a look of sadness on he face , of thing lose . then not snap out of it . to oscar as he start for the door . felix ( cont 'd ) come on . we be go to the Santa florita Hotel . oscar do you get direction ? as he follow he out . int . HOTEL room - day it 's a single room with a double bed . oscar be walk pack and forth in he underwear and sock . we hear the shower go in the bathroom and Felix hum and sing happily . oscar knock on the door . ( continued ) 64 49 . continued : oscar ( loudly ) how long you gonna be in there ? that 's local water , you know . xeep you mouth shut . the shower stop , =he door open . Felix jeans out , all wet , towel drape around he . felix do the kid pick up we suit to be clean ? oscar yeah . he be still cough as h leave . felix and do ou give he money to buy underwear and sock ? oscar yes . felix do he think it be weird ? oscar no . he look like he do it all the time . there 's a knock on the door . Felix go back in to dry off . oscar cross and open the door . the sellman , x0 uniform . he hand oscar a brown paper bag . bellman here 's you sock and underwear . I get the right size . you suit ' 1l be back in a half hour . oscar ( take the bag ) thanks . the bellman wait . oscar ( cont 'd ) I will have to get you later . I do not have any change in my short . he close the door . ( continued ) 64 65 66 continued : + 2 ) 64 oscar ( cont 'd ) felix ! dur new underwear arzive . flip screen to : int . HOTEL room - night - later ov on we see Felix and oscar look at themselves in the mirror . as we pan down , we see they underwear . oscar 's undershirt be army khaki and he short have picture of fish and hunt degs . Felix 's undershirt be light purple and he short have picture of elvis presley . felix {aghast } where would he buy this ? at graceland ? oscar it 's Santa menendez , for chrissake . the georgio armani boutique must have be close . int . restaurant in the HOTEL - night € Felix and oscar enter in they clean suit , shirt and tie . it 's a very rural restaurant . lot of trucker and farmer at the bar and at the table . the television over the bar be show the country western Dancing partner show . a heavy waitress come over with some menus . waitress hi , there . orink or dinner ? oscar nsmile ) do one preclude the other ? felix we will have a drink at the bar before we eat , thanks . waitress just let I know when you be ready . she leave . as oscar and Felix cross to the bar , everyone there turn to look at they . look like rough trade . ( continued ) roy ov uw be continued : felix ( aside to oscar ) I do not chink this be we kind of crowd . oscar ( aside ) if anyone get tough , show ‘em you underwear . they sit at the bar . bartender cross to they . bartender what ' will it be ? felix I will have a dry martini on the rock , please . bartender martini ? the other man down the bar turn to see who order a martini . Felix smile at they . oscar double scotch for I . the bartender nod and leave . oscar smile at the boy down the bar . we hear a woman 's voice to they leave . woman ( 0.s. ) a couple of beer here , please . Felix and oscar turn . two women in jeans and t-shirt , both about 45 or so , but with good figure and not bad look , in harley davidson sort of way , sit and open a pack of cigarettes . oscar nudge Felix and smile at the lady . oscar ' even . 17 woman hi. oscar beautiful weather , be not it ? ( continued ) 6 uw nn continued : ( 2 ) i woman just terrific . honey . she smoke and drink . scar turn and give Felix one of choose '' look what we just meet '' look . felix ( aside ) if you be think what I think you be think , just forget it . oscar ( aside ) I be not think . I be just talk . ( turn to girl ) Nice town you have here , lady . 2 " girl it 's mot we town , pop . just passin’ through . oscar really . so be we . where you headin ' ? 1 girl do not know yet . maybe Lake tahoe. maybe Vegas . who know ? oscar just lover of the open road , eh ?... oh . this be my friend Felix . they call I oscar . i girl hi , Felix . hi , oscar . I be thelma . oscar thelma ? ( to 2 % girl ) you ‘’re not Louise , be you ? 2 '' girl like I have not be ask nhat 24 million time ... I be Holly . oscar Holly ? very nice name . =specially around Christmas . he laugh . the girl smile , amused . Felix be miserable . ( continued ) 0 66 continued : 3 ) 7 et holly cute . oscar nike you raven’ : hear rhac line a4 million es . ( still chuckle ) so , er , be you lady stay here at the notel ? thelma we be savin 's we money for tahoe . we get a van out back . oscar a van ? really ? that couid not be all that comfortable to sleep in . could iz ? thelma now , oscar . if I do not know better , I would say a nice old grandfather like you be try to hit on a couple of young lady . oscar in the first place , I be not a grandfather . and I be not as old as I look . I have some plastic surgery do recently and this quack doctor botch it up . Felix choke on he drink . oscar start pound he back , then smile at she girl . holly you friend dee not talk much , do he ? oscar no . he 's the doctor who botch it up . this really break the girl up . oscar laugh and rub Felix 's back . oscar ( cont 'd ) you okay , Dec ? ( continued ) a & ov a continued : '' 4 ) thelma ( still laugh ) you know , with all the dead honchos arouné here , you nre the only fun guy around . the waitress come over to oscar . waitress Excuse I , but we nre close the kitchen in a half hour , if you still want to eat dinner . oscar close < he kitchen ? ( look at he watch ) my God , be it eight o‘clock already ? ' here gid the time go ? felix ( get off the stool ) if you lady will excuse we , we have not eat all day . come on . oscar . Doctor 's order . he start to move away . oscar grab he arm . oscar where 's you manners , Felix ? perhaps the lady would like to join we before they retire to they van . felix they say the xitchen be close soon . maybe they do not have that much food . oscar then we will share . ( to lady ) lady , would you give we the pleasure of you delightful company for a light supper . thelma ( leek at Holly ) you think we can trust this guy ? holly i£ not they , then who ?... we will freshen up . see you at the table . ( continued ) ov ut uw 66 continued : 15 ) or a they go . oscar watch they tight dun in sheir tight jeans . Felix and oscar start for the table . pelix be you crazy ? two middle - age biker ? they be tougher 2h the guy we leave in jail ... and have you ever stop to think of what we could get ? oscar lucky be the only word that come to mind . felix well , I be not let you do this . to either of we . oscar I know it 's not go co happen . they would never even come up to we room . and it would take two year for you and I to climb into they van ... and the last thing I would want to see be we underwear . felix then what be you do this for ? oscar to be want . to get close to it happen one more time . the wick be almost out , Felix . all I want 's for the candle to glow rather than curse the darkness . felix it 's not go out , oscar . not yours and not mine . but I still have hope that out there , somewhere , we will find the right lamplighter . oscar we just use so many metaphor , I forget what the hell we be talk about . a elderly man , about 84 , neatly dress in a very nice suit , with a sweet face and kind disposition , sit at the table next to they . he take the napkin , and tuck it under he chin and look at the menu . ( continued ) 56 continued : Felix and un oo 2 } ny elderly ' a good evening . felix ( smile ) good evening . elderly man | you gentleman nere for the seminar ? felix what seminar be that ? elderly man '' nife . do Zt really have to end ? '' ... Dr. sohn Boxer , a wonderful man . I come up here every year for ic people young than you gentleman flock to hear he . I be aighty - four myself and Dr. 3oxer see no reason why I can not be around to celebrate the year two thousand and twenty . maybe more . felix be not that interesting . well , you certainly do not look eighty - four . elderly man thank you . a minimum of exercise , @ maximum of clean live . last day of the seminar be tomorrow but i nve get to get back home to San malina . my youngest daughter 's sixty -cthird birthday . oscar look at each other . oscar San malina ? thac 's where we be go . we two kid be get marry there . elderly man Fancy that . do you gentleman need a lift ? felix well , actually we could ... we hear it 's a five hour drive . ( continued ) 66 continued : ue ty if ) or a elderly man nonsense . I know every road and dy road . you come with I . < will have you there in less than two hour . le leave at '' a.m. on the dot . felix ... what deo you think , oscar ? oscar six o'clock ? gee , that 's a littie early for I . I may have some business tonight with friend from Lake tabse . Felix throw he a angry glance . theima and Holly be puffing away . as = elderly man you 'o never live a long life sleep late . you meet I out front six a.m. and we all be on the road . <= have a roll royce . very comfortable auto . felix sound great to I . elderly man you seem like fine man . well - breed . otherwise I would not ask you . ive at the table wear more makeup , ey sit ... thelma can you imagine this creep close the bar already ? ( take out a pint bottle from hip pocket ) well , do not worry , honey . I stay open all night . holly ( squeeze next to Felix ) we just take a vote abour you guy in the john ... you win ina landslide . they laugh it up . Felix look at the Old man with a feeble smile . the Old man take he napkin off . ( continued ) 66 $ B. continued : ( 8 ) he go . elderly man perhaps I be wrong . six a.m. would be a little early for man iike you . ( get up ) good evening . ( neds to girl ) lady . Felix jump up . felix ( to oscar ) you go to tahoe . I be go ina roll royce . ( turn , go , call off ) sir! Sir ! May I speak to you for dust a second . he be go . oscar be aione with the giris . thelma bummer ... what be two wide awake girl gonna do with one hunky funny guy ? oscar why do not we all write a suggestion on a piece of paper ? all three laugh . then Holly put she two end finger in she mouth and whistle to the bartender . holly ( call out ) a little music here wouldn ' 's : kill you , would it ? oscar I have try to whistle like that . I could never do it . holly it 's all in the finger . 1'11 lend you mine later . the girl laugh , he finish he drink in one gulp . the music come on . it 's tony bennett sing one of he classic love song . ( not '' San Francisco 's ) . ( continued ) a 56 68 tony B. continued : a '' 13 ) thelma now tony bennedetto 's over seventy and he 's still hot . holly ( look over she shoulder ) I wish you cute little boy scout friend would come back . I be just itching to dance . oscar ( get up ) I all get he . do not scratch yet . he run off . while they wait , =he two giris sing the lyric along with tony bennett . int . HOTEL lobby - night which be small . Felix be on a house phone as oscar vun over . felix ( into phone ) yes , sir . I will be outside at six a.m. sharp . thank you very much , sir . ( hang up , to oscar ) I be go in the roll royce . oscar I will go with you . I promise . cust do I one favor . come back insice and dance for I . felix why would I want to dance for you ? oscar because I be hunky and the other one 's itchy ... Felix , please . just come in and dance and you can call all the shot the rest of the way . int , restaurant in the HOTEL - night in the dining room . we be on the light fixture above . be sing something else . pan down and oscar 's dance very close with thelma , pan over and Felix be dance closer to Holly than he no like . ( continued ) '' 60 . oo continued : holly loosen up a little . honey . felix I be try . <= think I be stick on you velcro . she do a twirl around he , chen back close to he . holly I go to high school with a boy like you . felix yeah ? ' who be he . the principal ? pan over to oscar and thelma . thelma you be a very good dancer ... so not : you think ? oscar I do not know . I never look down . she do a few fancy step , then back close to he . thelma let I try a new step on you . ( lead he , then do a double dip ) you get it , honey ? oscar very good . what do you cail that ? thelma safe sex . the phone ring at the bar . the bartender pick it up bartender ( into phone ) yeah ?... who ?... just a minute . ( hand over phone . call out ) : someone want to know if a thelma and Holly be here . thelma what do he sound like ? ( continued ) oo a 58 continued : 2 ) bartender oo drunk and real mad . thelma ( to oscar ) have to run , hon . do not ask question . holly ( to Felix as she run for she jacket ) you never meet I , you never see I and you never dance with I . they both grab they sacket and dart out the pack way . osear and Felix stand there alone . 1 felix okay . be you satisfied ? oscar ( dour ) satisfied be not how I would describe it . 69 int . the boy 's HOTEL sedroom ~ night of ~ i both undress , take off they pants . felix I call the shot now , right ? oscar right . felix ( near the wall switch ) ready for light out ? oscar ready . Felix turn out the iight . the room be dark but they undershort keep glow in the dark . felix ( 0.s. ) either this be the ugliest short ever make . or this town be hit by a nuclear disaster . int . the the room suddenly Felix be wo the HOTEL room - later that night ig dark . “e be on oscar , who be fast asleep . Felix 's face appear look <= osear 's face . out of bed , xneel down . felix ( whisper ) oscar !... qsear !! oscar ( open he eye ) what ? what be it ? felix where be we ? oscar ' where be we ? we be in a hotel . felix I know , sut where 's the hotel ? oscar in California . in one of that Santa place . felix I wake up and I be lose . and I get scared . do you ever wake up and get scared , oscar ? oscar yes. when = wake up and see you stare at I . felix anyway , I be glad you be here , os . I do not mind be alone but not ina strange place ... it 's just get old , I guess . oscar I will tell you how not to feel old . felix how ? oscar hang around with older people than you ... goodnight , Felix . ( continued ) 71 72 continued : felix thanks , os. g‘night . they go to sleep . ext . front of HOTEL - six a.m. Felix and oscar wait . oscar shield he eye from the rise sun . we hear the sound of a car horn toot . felix ( turn , look ) will you get a load of this thing . we see the car come . it be a large 1954 roll royce . felix ( cont 'd ) how about that ? oscar probably get two block to the galion . the car stop . elderly man at the wheel . elderly man glad the see you both could make it . climb in , boy . they get in . Felix in front , oscar in the back . elderly man ( cont 'd ) there 's only four of this car leave in America and = own chem all . felix oh ? you be a collector ? elderly man no . I use the other three for part . hang onto you hat , boy . and they drive off . about twelve mile a hour . ext . the road - day the roll royce move slowly on . 73 74 7 int . roll royce - day oscar be this as fast as it go ? elderly man it take a few minute to warm up , then we ride like the wind . ext . road - day the car be still do about twelve mile per hour . int . roll royce - day oscar nlook at he watch ) it 's be a half hour . and the wind be go faster than we . elderly man it just seem that way . actually we be do eighty - five right now . he point to the dashboard . felix ( look at dashboard ) no , sir . that 's you clock . it say eight twenty - five . elderly man oh , do not : mind that clock . it always break down . felix no offense , sir , but do you really think we 's 1ll make it to San malina in two hour ? elderly man who say that ? felix you do . last night . elderly man no , no . I think you misunderstand I . what I mean be , I can make this five hour drive seem like two hour . ( continued ) 76 65 . continued : Felix and oscar look at each other . they nre in trouble . elderly man ( cont ' 5 ) _. take in the scenery . relax and enjoy be alive and weil . do that , I actually once make it back in a hour twenty . oscar and Felix sink back in they seat , in trouble again . ext . the road - day the roll royce creep along as car honk and pass they , a school bus pass they , five biker pass they and four hiker pass they . ext . / int . roll royce - day oscar the only thing that have not pass we be the macdonald 's back there . felix ( to elderly man ) with all due respect , at this rate we be go to be late to we kid 's wedding . could you possible let we off at the next town so we can rent a car ? elderly man well , I will be sorry to iose you company , but if that 's what you want . Santo yosanto be just thirty mile from here . felix Santo yosanto ? elderly man we will be there in no time ac all . oscar nothing faster than that ? the elderly man yawn . ( continued ) 77 78 79 continued : — F elderly man Excuse I , but the scent of the tree and fiower always intoxicate I . felix look , if you be intoxicate , a'd gladly be you designate driver . elderly man no , no . I be fine . the elderly man yawn again . the car bump . elderly man ( cont 'd ) good gracious . do I just hit a rabbit on the road ? Felix look out the window . we see a rabbit just look at chem . felix yes , sir . but at this speed , he hardly feel it . elderly man well , we will be home soon enough . ext . the road ~ day the car seem to be slow down ... slower and slower ... until it come to a stop , right there in the road . ext . / int . roll royce - day ~ oscar ( look around ) why be we stop here ? felix onudge elderly man ) Sir , you have stop in the middle of the road . that 's a very dangerous thing to -- be you alright ? ( nudge he again , no response ) Jesus , I think he 's asleep . oscar why ? when be he awake ?... alright move he aside and I will drive . ( continued ) 79 continued : '' 1 a Felix feel the Old man 's pulse . oscar ( cont ’d ) what be you wait for ? he will wake up and then snail will start pass we . felix he 's not go to wake up . he 's dead . oscar Dead ??? how do you know ? felix no pulse and mo heartbeat mean dead . I have see this in the hospital . oscar see what ? all you do be read book and tell joke . felix what do you want I to do , a autopsy ? he 's 's dead I be tell you ... at least he go quickly . oscar you call twelve mile a hour quickly ?... what be we gonna do with he ? felix what do you mean ? oscar he know the direction . we do not . it would take we two day to get there . and without camphor ball , it would not be a pleasant trip . felix let I think . the body 's weight suddenly fall to the leave and he head be out the side window . oscar well , while you be think , pull he back in before a bird sit on he head . ( continued ) 79 continued : 2 ) , 7 } felix jeez ! ( turn to reach over and suddenly scream and grab he neck ) oh , my neck ! I strain my neck . damnit ! this always happen . oscar always ? you mean whenever you try to pull a dead body back in ? felix will you get out and push he head back in , for chrissake . I can not move . because a car drive by and honk , oscar get out on the side of the roadside , so as not to get hit . as he 's outside , a huge truck whizze by and the wind blow the toupee off the dead man . oscar do not see it as he come around the car so thac now he see the dead man with no hair . oscar hey ! this guy be start to decompose already . felix his hairpiece fly off . go back and get it . oscar why ? he 's dead . who do not have to look good for ? felix out of respect . maybe he family never know . just go get it . osear go back . the hairpiece be about ten yard away . suddenly a bird fly down and sit on it . osear go back . the bird do not move . oscar fcall out ) Felix ! felix ( hold he neck ) what ? ( continued ) 79 continued : .3 ) 7 ? oscar it 's noc a hairpiece anymore . now it 's a nest . feliz ( turn painfully ) well , shoo he away . oscar shoo !... shoo ! the bird still do not move . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( to Felix ) he do not know what shoo mean . feliz well , flap you arm . do I have to do everything ? oscar ( flap he arm and yell ) shoo ! shoo ! the bird fly off but take the hairpiece with he in he beak . oscar ( cont 's D} ( look up ) well , unless chat bird fly south to sarasota , we will never see that again . a bigger truck whizze by this time and the strong wind blow the elderly man back in the car , but he head fall on Felix 's lap . oscar go back around the car and get in the back seat again . all he can see be Felix . oscar ( cont ’d ) where have he go ? felix he 's in my lap . oscar lean over and look . oscar that 's not a good position . because it look like -- ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 4 ) felix I know whac it look like ... help I pull he up . oscar reach over and the two of they straighten he up . we suddeniy hear a gunshot from in the wood . oscar what the hell be that ? felix ; sounded like a gunshot . maybe it 's hunt season . oscar ' nhat kind of animal would they have around here ? we hear another gunshot . then the bird , now dead , bounce off the hood of the car but the hairpiece stay on the windshield . felix can you believe this ?... go out and get it . oscar in the last three minute , I have walk more than we have drive today . he go out to get the hairpiece . as he lean over the hood of the car , the body fall forward , he head hit the morn . the horn blast out loudly . oscar yell and jump . oscar ( cont 'd ) are_you_crazy ?? felix I do not do it . he do it . oscar well , check he pulse again . he come around and get back in the back seat , hold the hairpiece . oscar ( cont 'd ) here . you take it . felix I do not want it . put it on he head . ( continued ) ee continued : ( 5 ) of T oscar put the hairpiece on he head but put it on backwards . Felix look act the body . felix ( cont 'd ) you get it on backwards . oscar oh . for a minute I think he be leok at I . he turn the hairpiece around , then push it down to make sure it stick . Felix reach into the dead man 's pocket , start to feel around . oscar ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? felix I have get =o get he name and address , do not I ? 30 we can cail he family . he take out the elderly man 's wallet . open it up . felix ( cont ’d ) ( read ) Adam beaumont ... beaumont ?... I have hear of he . own half of northern California . oscar , this be one of the richest man out here . oscar do n xot spend much on toupee . do ?... we be waste cime here . what if the police show up ? felix . we do not have to worry about that anymore . oscar why not ? felix because they just pull up behind we . oscar turn and look . we see a California State trooper car behind they . it stop . two officer get out of the car and approach the roll . ( continued ) 79 continued : ( 5 ) oscar this should be interestin the body fall to the right again . nis head lean against selix 's shoulder . the nairpiece fail off and Felix pick it up . officer ( at they window ) do not you know you can not stop in the middle of the road . pull the vehicle over , please . felix well . we would have to move the driver first and as you can see -- officer ts he sick ? felix no . officer be he drunk ? felix no ... try dead . the Officer look at Felix , then take the pulse of Mr. beaumont . officer how have this happen ? oscar we do not know . we think God just come and take he . felix he be eighty - four year old . he just give we a lift . officer what ' 's that in you hand , sir ? felix this be he hairpiece . it will not stay on . officer I mean in you hand . ( continued ) 80 continued : ' 7 ) felia ( look at wallet ) this ? on. it 's he wallet . we be look for he address so we could take nim home . both officer draw they gun quickly and aim they . officer I be go to ask you two to step out of the car , please . felix that 's all we nve be do on this trip . they both get out , cheir hand up . officer just face forward and piace you hand against the car , please . they do ir . officer ( cont ’d ) keep you leg apart while we search for idencification . he hold the gun on they while the other cop search they . officer you both have the right to remain silenc . felix ( glare at oscar ) all this because you leave my suitcase at the car rental . int . santa menendez police department - day they be in the same room , sit in the same chair , look at the same detective . the 1 '' detective be look through Mr. beaumont 's wallet . detective .-. so the man be dead , you have he wallet , riding in a antique car worth over a hundred and fifty thousand dollar ... how do you think this look ? ( continued ) continued : 30 oscar well , to you it leok terrible . to my mother , she would not be all that upset . felix look , we gid not kill he , and we do not rob he ... you believe we before , why do not you believe we now ? detective because I do not expect you to keep bounce back in here like a beach ball ... why do you take he toupee ? felix we gidn‘c . a truck whizze by and blow ic off . oscar I try to get it back but a bird sit on it . I shooe he and he fly away with the hairpiece . detective you shot he ? you have a gun ? oscar no. TI shooe he . ( flap he arm ) shoo ! shoo !... then a hunter shoc he and he fall down on the car and the haixpiece fall on che windshield . the detective stare at he suspiciously . oscar ( cont ’d ) ... I hope there 's not go to be a trial because I would hate to repeat that story in court . another officer come in , whisper in the detective 's ear , whe nod . detective alright ... examination reveal he die of natural cause . ( more ) ( continued ) 82 continued : £ 2 ) detective ( cont 's ) his daugnter just inform ts that he caly last night and say he be go to give a lift home to two nice man he meet at the hotei ... so once again you be out of here . they get up .. take they wallet off the table again . detective ( cont 'd ) but if I see you back here under arrest , I will charge you both with disturbing the law . there 's a bus that leave here in twenty minute . they make a quick stop over in San malina . be on ic ! get off it ! and stay out of my face . get it ? ext . a bus - day on the road . int . bus - day Felix and oscar sit on the bus . felix ( in window seat ) --- osear , I be go to say something now that 's go to surprise you . oscar nhy do you always have to introduce everything you be go to say ? it 's either , '' oscar , let I tell you something '' , or '' oscar , you may not like this 's but I be go to say it anyway '' ... why do not you just say it , get it over with , then I can vead a magazine and you can start think of the next thing you be go to say ... what be it ? felix +.. I actually have a good time on this trip . oscar you do ? as much as World War two ? ( continued ) a 82 83 84 85 86 continued : with 6 felix I mean it . sure it be dirty and scary and ugly and expensive . but I meet a lot of people I never would have meet before . I get out of the house . have a adventure . that there 's more to iife than a job , a dinner alone and a tv snow . [ I be not involved with my own problem every minute . I actuaily feel young now than I have in year . oscar why do not you say this lasc night when we couid have use it ? : ext . the bus on the road - day with it be travel at a good race . ext . / int . the bus ~ day cy Felix and oscar be both asleep in they seat . ext . the road - day & the bus driver , a African - american , look down the road , then squint , wonder what he 's see . ext . / int . the bus - day up ahead , =wo man , mid-forty , seth rough type , stand brazenly in the middle of the lane the bus be drive on , they hand on they hip . they be leroy and jayjay . as the bus get closer , they pull out gun from the back of they belt and take dead aim on the driver . bus driver what the hell ...? he hit the brake and the bus come to a screeching , slide stop . bag and package fall from the rack overhead . leroy bang on the bus door with he gun . the Driver open it . the two gunman jump on the bus . leroy alright , everyone stay put . this be not no robbery . ( continued ) 36 77 . continued : they move slowly up the aisle . check out everyone . oscar and Felix look at they , then at each other , puzzle . leroy and jayjay finally cet to oscar and Felix , glare at they . the boy smile back . the gunman then step to the row directly behind oscar and Felix . two woman pretend to be asleep , jacket pull up over they . leroy stop , =hen pull the - zacket off . it be theima and Holly . leroy I tell you , thelma . if you ever leave I , I no come and get you . now move you ass , 1 ' il darlin’ . thelma the nell I will . oscar and Felix turn . see che two giris . they look shocked , chen try to slip down in they seat . jayjay Holly , you tryin ' to break my heart ? runnin 's off with someone else ? holly I tell you , jayjay . I be not takin 's you crap no more . oscar ( aside to Felix ) remember . we do not know chem , we nve never see they . jaygay ( to oscar , quickly ) ' ? oscar I honestly can not remember . leroy ( to thelma , point to oscar and Felix ) that 's they , be not it ? bartender at the hotel describe they . jayjay ( to oscar and Felix ) what happen to that big old roll royce you boy have this mornin ' ? ( continued ) om 36 continued : .2 ) ee felix I think you be mistake we for another gentleman who 's dead . leroy grab theima by the wrist and yank she out of the seat . then he pull Holly out as well . leroy let 's go , girl . we be all goin’ home . jayjay ( point gun at oscar and Felix ) that mean you too , boy . oscar you be take we home ? jayjay put he gun right ac they , then motion for they co get up and go . they do . leroy push thelma and Holly ahead of they . jay jay prod oscar and Felix . felix ( aside ) do something . say something . oscar attica ! attica ! ( to Felix ) that 's all = could chink of . they all move cut of the bus except leroy , who turn to all the passenger . leroy this man be abduct we wife . would not any man here do the same as we ? he get off . they all pile into the open convertible , then drive off quickly , make a screeching u-turn on the road and head back home . a7 int . bus - day the Driver pick up the radio phone . driver Alice ? call the police . we jusc have a double abduction here . 88 will ext . the road - day in the convertible , leroy drive with the two girl up fronc . jayjay have oscar and Felix in the back . felix look , we just have a innocent drini and a innocent couple of dance with the girl ... it be all very innocent . oscar ( aside ) get off the innocent thing . felix ( laugh ) but run off with they ? no ... i why would two beautiful woman like this run off with two old geezer like we ? jayjay when the goose want it , the geese come runnin’ . felix ( stare at he , bewilder ) ... no. not geese . geezer . we be geezer , not geese . oscar ( to cayjay ) ask they yourself ... lady , do we abduct you ? thelma honey , there 's no way this jackass be gonna believe I and Holly . jayjay where you wanna stop , leroy ? leroy just other side of this hill there 's a nice stretch of wood . that all do fine . felix do fine ? do fine for what ? ( continued ) 38 89 30 . continued : with m jayjay ( smile ) to cook we a couple of fine geezer . leroy and jayjay laugh . then theima and eolly laugh . holly thac 's funny . ( turn to oscar and Felix ) I '' sorry , fella , but that just strike I funny . oscar and Felix look at each other . oscar ( to Felix ) you have to pring up geezer , neh ? the car come to the crest of the hill and fusct as it start down , we see six police car block the road with twelve cop point they gun at leroy 's car . leroy goddamnit =o heli ! ! oscar do not worry about it . I know all of they personally . int . the police room - day the same room , the same chair , the same detective . the detective have he head in he hand , nis elbow on the desk . he be disconsolate . Felix sit , look at the floor . oscar sit stare at the ceiling . the 2 '' burly detective stand and just watch this ... it be quiet for a long time ... finally -- felix ( to detective ) 7 - do not you even want to talk about it ? detective {only he eye look up ) no. felix ..- ever ?? ( continued ) 39 continued : gl . ow 10 detective what 's the point ? no matter what = say , ou two still end up in here . oscar ( aside to 2 '' detective ) would it be possible to find out che resuit of the second race at Hollywood Park ? I have get a trifecta go ? 2 ° '' detective a what ? oscar a trifecta . you have get co pick the three win horse in the exacc order that they finish . felix I do not believe this . we have gota wedding we can not get to and ail he have on he mind be a trifecta . detective ( look at oscar ) I will tell you who win . oscar you know ? detective yes ... 2 win . you be my trifecta . the same =wo man have be arrest shree time , for shree different crime , and all shree time by my man . in less than fourteen hour . you know what the odd be on that happen ? < in any police station in the world ? oscar rougnly , I would say twelve million to one . detective and what would it be if it happen in a small sheriff 's office in a little town call Santa menendez , California ? ( continued ) 39 continued : ( 2 ) '' be - oscar it would be in the trillion . no bookie could handle it . felix oscar , of all the difference we have ever have , of all the fignt we have ever have , of all the petty argument we have ever have -- oscar ( to detective ) we can keep on talk ' cause he all be on this a half hour . felix -- of all the time I want to choke you by the throat , this be the worst ... i£ you say trifecta one more time , I be go to choke you until you nre dead , and he can arrest I one more time , for one more erime , and one more time in he office . then he will have a four - fecta !! so shut the fuck up , okay ??? - oscar that would be the biggest payoff in the world . felix what would ? oscar a four-fecta . there be not a racetrack in the world that -- Felix jump off of he chair and go for oscar 's throat , but the 2 '' detective grab he and hold he back . detective sit down ! both of you !... they sit . detective ( cont 'd ) okay . since the lady already give a statement that you two have nothing to do with the abduction , I have no reason to hold you . ~~ ( continued ) 39 continued : 83. # 3 ) 3 felix then why be we here ? detective because if I let you go , I be afraid you will come back ... I be run for sheriff mext year and I can not run on a campaign of mostly arrest you two . oscar I would not advise it . detective if I promise to get you to San malina in time for the wedding , [ I need you guarantee that you will never come within a hundred mile of this town . no. two hundred ... make it three . felix you nve get my solemn oath . oscar since I have only be here once in seventy - four year , the odd on my come back -- felix do not finish that sentence , oscar . detecti ( put on nis jacket ) alright , let 's go . felix the wedding 's at four . how will you get we there on time ? detective leave that to I . they all start to leave . oscar I wish you have subways out here . I never get lose on subways ... 34 . 90 int . lobby of police station - day 9c at the far end , we see theima and Holly embrace and kissing they respective spouse . felix they make up ? detective yeah . the boy 's will serve a month in jail for use firearm on a public vehicle . they always get a month . felix what do you mean '' always '' ? detecti this be the fifth time they have do chis . felix the fifth cime ? oscar ( to detective ) that 's a five-fecta . Felix glare at he and oscar step away from he . 91 ext . parking lot - day the two detective walk with oscar and Felix . detective there 's a airport about five mile from here . you can not land in San malina but there 's one in rockport . then it 's a twenty minute cab drive to where you be go . felix see , rockport be a name I would have remember . detective the flight should take you abouc forty minute . I do not have a car to take you to the airport but we have a Police transfer vehicle go by there . ( continued ) 91 92 93 3 . continued : gt felix a police car ? finally a ride I be go to feel safe in . detective I hope you will not be offended by my say I hope to God = never see either of you again . now get outta here . felix ( smile ) thank you . uniformed policeman if you both come with I , the vehicle 's in the garage . they start to walk wit tm. felix you know , os <- oscar if you say '' I be gonna miss they , '' I will kill you in the vehicle . the detective he watch they go , then to 2 '' detective . detective Andy ... if that guy commit a triple murder and rob a bank -- ust let ‘em co . 2 ° detective gotcha . they walk off . ext . police van - day it pull out of the garage . int . police van - day on one side , we see oscar , Felix and the uniform policeman . on the other side , protect by a mesh wire fence , be two prisoner , chain , shackle , unshaven and as mean look as they come . ( continued ) 93 continued : 36 . they stare angrily at oscar and Felix . oscar and Felix sort of smile back . felix ( to prisoner ) hi , there . oscar onod to they ) how you doin 's ? 1 * con .- just great . how about you ? felix oh , a little tired . we have a rough trip . 2 '' con aww . too bad . you get a cigarette ? felix no . < = ... I do not smoke . 2 ° con yeah . I should cut down too . ( to oscar ) what about you ? oscar no . I use to smoke cigar but = give they up ... they be turn my tooth yellow . 2 ° con yeah . I hate when that happen . he give a half - smile revealing a mouth that be miss a few tooth in the fronc . 1 '' con so , you guy under arrest or what ? felix no ... well , yes . we be arrest three time this weekend but we be innocent . 17 and 2 '' con same here . { continued ) 93 94 95 continued : ext . airport - day 37 . ( 2 ) with 2 '' con so whattsya doin 's in dis cage ? oscar well , this sheriff offer we a ride to the airport . we be kind of ina rush . felix we be fly to San malina . we kid be get marry . 17 con and this cop offer you a ride ? felix well , we nad to give mim we word that we would never ayer return to this town again . 1 '' con ( look at the 2 '' ) why the fuck didn ' we ask for that deal ? the police van be pull away as oscar and Felix start into che terminal . oscar if some travel agent book this trip , we could sue they for a fortune . felix everything happen for a reason . oscar . we be not go through all this for nothing . I think there 's some divine payoff at the end . oscar you want to buy my half ? I '11 sell it real cheap . int . terminal - day they walk to the gate . a dozen or so other people be wait before they can board . ( continued ) 86 . continued : felt3 almost there . oscar . we be actually go to make it . I can’ : believe it . then we hear a woman 's voice behind they . felice ( 0.s. ) oscar ? be that you ? they turn . they see the woman ( felice ) . she 's about fifty - five . very pretty , stylishly dress , intelligent and easy to talk co . felice ( smile a pretty smile ) tt be you . I be Felice dam , blanche 's sister . oscar Felice ? oh , my God . I do not recognize you . you have not change in thirty year . you look wonderful . felice oh. thank you .... I guess we nre both go to the wedding , be not we ? oscar yes . you live around here ? felice no. San Francisco . but you have to make four stop to get to rockport . Felix , with a big smile , be wait to get introduce . oscar ( look around ) be you husband with you ? what 's he name again ? Larry ? felice Barry ... no. Barry pass away two year ago . oscar oh , I be very sorry ... you have two little daughter , do not you ? ( continued ) ag. 95 continued : ( 2 ) felice and now two little granddaughter . oscar ( laugh ) imagine that . Felix laugh too . oscar ( cont ‘d ) oh. I be sorry . this be my good friend , Felix ungar . Felix , this be my ex- wife 's sister , Felice . felix how do you do . felice Felix ungar ? oh. ves . < I remember blanche talk about you a lot . felix yeah , well , I have change since then . felice have not we all ... oh , they be board . see you on the plane . she go on ahead of they . they start to talk . felix {aside ) oscar , we have to talk . oscar about what ? felix on the plane . on the plane . 96 ext . airfield - day we see the small commuter plane take off and into the sky . 97 ext . / int . the plane - day it carry about 24 passenger , capacity . it 's not quite full . Felix at a window seat , third row , oscar sit next to he . Felice be sit in the sixth row , the seat next to she be empty . ( continued ) 97 98 99 90 . continued : 37 Felix turn back and smile at she . felix have a nice flight . felice nlook up from she book ) oh. thank you . you too . she go back into she book . oscar {to Felix ) alright , you want to talk , talk . felix lait 's all the seat bele sign go off . oscar you can nox talk with you seat seit on ? be that a new federal law ? felix when it 's still on , it could get bumpy and I do not want anything interrupt what 1 have to say . the seatbelt sign it go from on to off . felix and oscar $ they have coth be watch it . oscar okay . it 's safe . we be bumpless . what be it you have to say ? felix that 's she . thac 's the woman . oscar ' what woman ? felix the '' somewhere , someplace in this world be the right woman for I '' woman . that 's she . ( continued ) 91 . 39 continued : oscar Felice ? felix even the name be right . Felice - Felix . the first three letter be identical . we match up . it 's like a omen . I be tell you , oscar , she 's the one . oscar good . I be very happy for the both of you . felix do not mock this . I think we be mean =o go through all that crap for I to get on this plane and meet she today . I be tell you , oscar , this be the match up I have be look for . oscar ( neds ) suppose she do not want to match up with you ? he peek back at she . she 's still absorb with she book . then back to Felix . oscar ( cont ’d ) ... because right now she book be run abouc ten length anead of you . felix oscar , crust I . this one be write in the star . oscar yeah , well , until you get a fax , do not count on anything . 100 ext . plane - day we be fly over some beautiful West Coast scenery . will 101 ext . / int . plane - day 102 felix ( peek back , then to oscar} okay . she put the book down . now 's my chance ... think of a reason why = should go over and sit down next to she . oscar I do not know . how about you seat be break ? felix I 'ma bad liar . she will know that I be lie . oscar how about if I break you seat ? felix no , no . I get it . never mind . ( get up ) wish I luck oscar you be not go to tell I what you plan be ? felix t£ I tell you and you do not like I will lose confidence . move you leg . he get by and into the aisle , then start as he pass she ... felix ( cont ’d ) good day to fly , be not it ? felice ( smile ) yes . pertect weather . but he can not think or say the next word so on and go into the bathroom . int . airplane bathroom - day he 's in and lock the door , then bang he wall . to walk back . he continue fist into the ( continued ) 102 203 104 93 . continue : felix what 's wrong with I ? damn I to hell . <= finally meet the right woman and I can not say the right thing . he turn , look into the mirror . a look of determination . felix ( cont ’d ) ( at he reflection ) alright , you chicken heart gutless wimp . t£ you do not go back there and sit mext to she , you and I be through , vou hear ? he open the door , step out , straighten he tie , throw back he shoulder and take two step and stop . he look . int . MAIN cabin - day Felice 's seat . oscar be sit next to she . they seem to be deeply in conversation . Felix walk back down the aisle , glare at oscar and sit in he own seat . ext . the plane - day it be fly over more mountainous area . ext. , int . plane - day oscar come back and sit next to Felix again . felix have a nice chat , old buddy pal dear close friend of mine ? oscar relax . < I just set it all up . go on back and sit down . felix what do you say to she ? ( continued ) 195 continued : 94 . oscar I tell she you be write a article for the New York Sunday Times about widowe woman and womeniess Men . and you wonder if you could ask she a few question . she say absolutely . go on , she 's wait for you . felix why have you tell she that ? oscar well . it be better than you go into the john and bang on the wall again ... be you go or do you want I to get the food trolley and wheel you over ? felix I be go . I be go . he get up , cross down the aisle and stop at she seat . he sit . felix ( cont ‘d ) '' May i? felice ( smile ) please do . felix first of all , I have to explain abouc that articie I be write . felice whac article ? felix the one oscar tell you I be write for the Sunday Times ? felice he never tell I that . felix ( stunne ) ... then what be he say to you ? ( continued ) 106 107 108 9s . continued : ' 2 ) felice that you want to meet I and could not think of a good reason to sit down next to I and I say . teil he to come over and sit . I have like to meet he as well . Felix look dumbstruck . then turn and look at oscar . oscar be smile , then wink act he . int . cockpit of plane ~ day pilot and co-pilot . Pilot on the speaker phone . pilot lady and gentleman , we should be arrive at rockport 's Barbara streisand Airport in about scwenty minute . so just relax and enjoy the rest of we flight . int . MAIN cabin - day oscar be fast asleep in he seat . Felix and Felice . they be both laugh hard . felix ... no , mo . first the car catch fire and explode and then we get the ride on the truck . felice .. and that 's when you get arrest for the second time ? felix no . that be the first time . the second time be when thelma and Holly 's husband , leroy and jayjay abduct all four of we from the ss . they be enjoy this immensely . ext . a cab - day on the road . 109 110 96 . ext./ int . cab - day ic the three of they in the back . Felice sit in the middle . felix ... no , I never use tarragon . maybe a few bay leave and just a hint of pesto sauce . felice really ? and how long do you let it simmer ? felix two , three minute on a iow flame . ten second too much couid be disastrous . oscar I do not mean to interrupt you pasta genovese but I think we be here . ext . the white house on poincietta STREET - day : Friends and guest have all arrive , gather on the lawn . dozen of chair be set in row for the wedding service . the decoration , lantern and floral arrangement be place tastefully everywhere . a small five piece band be set up . maybe a pianist play for the early arrival . oscar , Felice and Felix get cut of the cab . as oscar pay , the cabbie put Felice 's bag out on the ground . felice nlook at everything ) oh , do not it look sweet ? felix be it too soon for I to get nervous er can I start now ? ( to oscar ) be this exciting or what ? a young man take Felice 's bag and head for the house . oscar look around , start to sniff . ( continued ) 110 111 97 . / continued : 110 felix nsniff too ) yeah . do not that flower smell incredible ? oscar I be not smell flower . I smell trouble . I can smell it a mile away . something 's wrong here . felix really ? how come you never smell in on the peach truck ? or on the bus ? or in the slowest roll royce in the world ? relax , oscar , let 's get a drink . oscar where 's blanche ? where 's france ? where be the family ? why be not someone here to meet we ? felice I be sure they be all tend to last minute preparation . and thing look like they be go very well . I be die for something to drink . she cross to the outdoor bar . ext . the house - day 111 fred , blanche 's third husband come out onto the porch , see oscar and Felix , wave and come walk quickly towards they . fred oscar ? I be Fred wyman , blanche 's third husband . oscar ( they shake hand ) where 's she second husband ? fred he 's here with he third wife . oscar this be Felix ungar . Hannah 's father . be everything alright ? ( continued ) 112 98 . continued : fred alright ? oh , yes . fine. Fine ... there 's one problem that 's come up but I be sure it 'il straighten out . could you and Mr. ungar come inside a minute ? as they follow Fred , oscar give a gloat look ac Felix . oscar ( to Felix as he point to he own nose } this be the nose that know the brave would blow the ' 96 wworid Series . felix ( yell , wave to Felice , who be sip champagne and talk to friend ) Felice ! ' 11 be right back . do not go ' way . she smile and shake she head ' no 's . int . the house - day the boy follow Fred down a long hallway , through a de . through a dining room , through the kitchen which be at a feverish pace by cook , and then through another door to a small , enclose patio , away from everyone elise . there be blanche . france and she new husband , sack . the man be comforting the woman . slanche and france rise when they see the boy . blanche oh , oscar . thank God you nre here . france oh , Felix . what a mess . she give he a quick hug . felix hello , france . you be look wonderful ... what 's go on ? france blanche , you tell he . {continued ) 412 continued : blanche brucey be go . oscar go ? go where ? blanche he disappear . france we can not find he . blanche he be not in he room . france we look everywhere . blanche ' je even call the police . the two woman start ' to cry . oscar alright , do not cry . it 's bad luck to cry before a wedding . blanche no , it 's only bad luck if the groom be not here before the wedding . felix do he leave a message ? a note ? france nothing . not a clue . oscar he will show up . my kid never duck eut of anything . felix where 's Hannah ? be she alright ? can I see my daughter , please ? france she 's upstairs get dress ... we have not tell she . felix you have not told her ??? what be you wait for ? her fifth anniversary of be alone ? ( continued ) 100 . 112 continued : ( 2 ) . > france Don 's yel > at I . felix I be not yell at you . i'm yell at the situacion . france ged , you have not change in thirty year , have you ? felix I do not believe this . I have not see the woman in a half a century and she still hasn ’c finish the last fight we have . oscar alrigh can everyone stop act like chiid here ? blanche Children ? you chink we be child ? we have be prepare this wedding for three month and you take a casual joy ride to get here ? patronize woman again , oscar ? oscar do not yell at I , blanche . you get two other husband here to do that ... Felix , can we go in the other room a minute ? I need to talk to you . 113 . int . another room - day he lead Felix out into another room and close the door . felix how about that france ? I would love to divorce she again , = I swear ... so what do you think have happen ? oscar my honest opinion ? felix yes. oscar I do not know . ( continued ) 113 continued : felix so what be you call I out here for ? oscar I think maybe you would have a idea . felix i£ L have a idea , I would have call you out here ... so what do we do ? oscar we will have to wait and see . the worst that can happen be we will have to postpone the wedding . felix pestrone ?? ' you think 1 's let my daughter be numi front of the whole world because of you ditzy son ? oscar hey ! watch what you say about my son . maybe it 's you Hannah that 's the wacky one . felix Hannah wacky ?? my Hannah wacky ?? oscar stop repeat ict . sound like a Hawaiian hotel ... one of they cause this , I do not know which one . felix and I be say , if he break she heart , that boy will have to deai with I . oscar be you threaten to get physical with my kid ? felix if that 's what it take . they be now nose to nose . { continued ) 213 114 116 117 continued : ( 2 ) oscar get you nose off my nose before I sneeze you brain into a tiny kleenex . felix that 's ic ! thac 's it , oscar ... the door open . we hear a helicopter overhead . france and blanche come in . blanche they find he . felix they find he ? oscar , they find he . france a police helicopter just spot he . oscar where be he , for God 's sake ? ext . the helicopter - day we see it fly over the house , make low pass . Pov - the helicopter - day look down , we see the grounds , the quest and now Felix , oscar , france and blanche and other all lookin up . the copter make a turn and then swoops down towards the roof . Bruce be sit on the roof wear jeans . sneaker , and a T-shirt . he be sit tightly against the chimney , out of sight of everyone below . he wave off the copter and turn he face away . ext . helicopter - day a guy with a builhorn . bullhorn he 's on the roof ! int . the house - day oscar , Felix and other all rush up the stair . on the landing . {continued } 103 . 217 continued : oscar which be he room ? blancee ( point ) that one there . they all follow oscar to the door . he stop . oscar {to other ) this be not a coffee klotsch . he 's my son , I will talk to he alone . blanche he 's my son too . he will listen to I . oscar be that why he 's up on the roof ? he open the door slowly and go in . 118 int . the guest room - day oscar cross to the open window and lean out . 119 ext . the roof - day Bruce be still sit near the chimney . oscar nleek out ) beautiful day , be not it ? bruce yeah . oscar I hope you do not think I be meddle but ... be you plan on come to the wedding today ? bruce I be think about it . oscar sit on the sill . oscar nervous , heh ?. listen , everyone get nervous before they get marry . ( more ) ( continued ) i 19 continued ; for 104 . oscar ( cont 'd ) . the night before my wedding , = I try to join the peace Corps in kenya . bruce . I think I have be make a big mistake . oscar why be that ? bruce because I do not trust marriage . look at everyone here . my own family . Mom 's be marry three time . you be marry once and then never again for thirty year . hers be too many and yours not enough . what ' 's wrong with it thac frighten everyone so much ? oscar well , it 's like baseball . either you can play or you can not . I could not play and you mother could play but she keep get trade all the cime . bruce that 's not the answer I be look for . oscar then why have you wait so long to ask the question ? bruce because it 's what I think I want . until I see all the divorce gather here . and now I know it 's not what I want . oscar you sure ? bruce yes . I be sure . oscar then get out of it . do not do it , brucey . Bruce look at he . ( continued ) 119 continued : 2 ) . as bruce do you mean it ? oscar absolutely . because you will live you life out regret this day forever . get out , Bruce . she 's young , she 's pretty , she all find someone else . but you be my son . do not do this terrible thing to yourself . let I go talk to the other , I will figure out what to say . he come in and cross to the door . Bruce climb into the room . bruce the only thing be . = really iove she . oscar sure you love she . now ! so you will have two year of excitement and forty - five year of hell . trust I , brucey . he. turn to open the door . bruce I will always love she . she 's the best thing that 's ever happen to I . oscar would you be willing to gamble you life on that ? I know I have not be there enough for you , Bruce , but this be the . best advice I will ever give you . not get marry today be the right thing for you to do . bruce maybe right for you , dad , but it 's wrong for I ... tell everyone I be get dress . oscar ( relieved ) thank God you say that . I do not know how long I could keep up talk like a asshole . they cross to each other , embrace . 120 int . bedroom - day ae Hannah , the pride =o be , be be attend to by the dressmaker 's ( maria be ) last minute retouch . Hannah look ravish . a knock on the door . maria ( latinio ) whoever it be , go '’way . ' we not ready . felix ( 0.s . ) ( voice through door ) not even for you old man ? hannah dad ? oh , God !... Maria , let he in . hurry . Maria cross =o che door , mumble to nerseif in Spanish . she open it . Felix come in and look at Hannah . he stop , overwhelm . maria I come back soon . if you smudge she dress , I kill you . she go , close the door . felix ( misty eye ) oh , dear God . I have just see Heaven and it 's in live color . hannah ( beam ) do you like it ? felix I would say ' yes 's if I could just get the lump out of my throat first . can I hug you ? hannah you better . because if you do not make it , I would have postpone . they embrace . hannah ( cont ‘d ) have you see Bruce ? be not he terrific . ( continued ) 120 continued : felix er , yes . I do not get a chance to talk to he . he be -- busy . hannah on the roof ? I know . felix you know ? hannah I send he there . he start get the jitter and I say , '' hey , Bruce . do not bother I . go sleep on the roof . I have get more important thing to do 's . felix ( smile ) no kid ? good for you . hannah so be it a terrible trip ? felix well , if you ask I that question four hour ago I would have say , the pit . but something happen on the plane and suddenly everything 's come up rose . hannah you meet someone ? felix I will save it for larer . I do not want to keep you ... as a matter of fact , I can not keep you anymore , can 1 ? hannah well , you could stay closer if you move to California . felix that 's funny . because I be just think about check out San Francisco . a knock on the door . ( continued ) 220 121 108 . continued : ( 2 ) — _ felix ( cont ’d ) T all get ic . ( start for the door ) oh. = hope you do not mind my give the pride away dress like this ? hannah you look great to I . he open the door . Maria come in . maria Mr. ungar ? this suitcase jus’ come for you . Felix , amaze and delighted . take he suitcase . felix on second think . maybe I x11 spizf it up a bic . he go . ext . the front lawn - day the wedding be in progress . Felix be wear he black afternoon formal . oscar stand behind the now dress Bruce , with blanche at he side . france stand beside Felix . justice of peace ... then with the power vested in I by the state of California , = now pronounce you man and wife . you may kiss the bride . Bruce give Hannah a loving kiss as the guest applaud and whistle . the father give they kid each a kiss . then Felix give france a kiss on the cheek . then sneeze . france still allergic to my perfume ? felix no , that 's go . it just trigger a old memory in my sinuse . he turn and look for Felice . she see he and wave . he cross to she . oscar kiss blanche . ( continued ) 121 109 . continued : . os oscar congratulation , blanche . blanche I '' sorry I yell at you . oscar . oscar Nah . <= deserve it . I forget why bur it 's not important . ( the music start ) come on . dance with I . I ' 11 show you what you miss . 122 ext . the party - day 2 Felix dance with Felice . oscar dance with blanche . Hannah dance with Bruce . other get up to dance . =xt . party - dusk the party 's be go for a while . Felix be dance with Hannah . hannah dad , the silver tray be gorgeous . felix so be you . hannah and Bruce tell I what you give he . that be so generous . felix I wish it be ten time that much . because I have get the most beautiful woman at the party . he look around . hannah what be you look for ? felix the second most beautiful . ( see Felice dance with a attractive man ) oh , oh. competition . hannah I know she . ( continued ) 223 124 aid . continued : i felix she 's you mother - in- law 's sister . now you aunt-in-iaw ... could aiso be you new step -mother . hannah good . x xeep it in the family . Bruce tap Felix on the shoulder . bruce ( to Felix ) Felice want you to rescue she . felix she say that ? Felice nod =o he . Felix give Hannah to Bruce , then cross and tap Felice 's partner on the shoulder . felix May 1 ? . partner you again ? you have tapped I out six time . felix sorry . you know how husband be about they wife . partner that 's news to I . I be she cousin . Felice laugh and sne dance off with Felix . ext . party - later that night the party be almost over . the band be play some mellow oldie as a few couple remain , some still dance . blanche , france and they husband at a table have a final champagne . Hannah talk to she bridesmaid . oscar and Bruce sit on the step of the porch . bruce ( look at hannah} be not she incredible , pop ? oscar nod , then take out a envelope . ( continued ) 124 continued : 111i. 124 oscar Bruce , I have something here for you and Hannah , bruce pop , before you do that , I know you be strapped for cash . just the gesture be enough for Hannah and I . oscar who 's strapped . I do not spend any money . the lady in my poker game fill up my freezer every week . I have chicken soup ice cube ... what I have here be not cash ... please take it . Bruce take it and open it . he take out three baseball card , look a little wear . bruce Baseball card ? great . you know I always save they . oscar not this . I have have this since before you be bear . first edition , sign by Joe dimaggio . mickey mantle , rookie year and Babe Ruth in he last year ... today they be worth about twenty - two thousand . bruce no way , pop . I can not take they . oscar then hold they for I . until you kid be eighteen . it will buy they a few week in college . bruce ( move ) ... you be the great , pop . oscar I know , but it only come out once in awhile ... I be tired . walk I in . they get up , walk towards the house . ( continued ) 124 125 126 112 , ; continued : ( 2 ) ind bruce no chance of you move out here ? oscar to where ? Santa yocinta malinta calienta malaguena ? I be not gonna learn a new language just to find my way home at night ... they keep walk . ext . long shot of the party - night 125 the only one leave dance to the music of the remain pianist be Bruce and Hannah . int . bedroom - night 126 a big double bed . oscar be already in bed . Felix , in the bathroom , be sing ' everything 's come up rose ' ... the light go out and he come out wear fresh pajamas . felix oooh , it feel good to have clean pajamas on again ... I be go to sleep my little toesies off tonight . Felix get into bed , wriggle around , annoying oscar . felix ( cont 'd ) God , what a wedding . and I be so glad the kid love the silver tray .... you never tell I what you give they , os . now that it 's any of my business . oscar I give they baseball card . felix really ? you think they be go to have time to play card on they honeymoon ? oscar Felix , tomorrow night I be go to be sleep in my own bed . it 's not a great bed but I love it . because it never talk during the night . { continued ) 126 continued : 113 . 126 felix I be sorry . it 's just that , well ... it might be another seventeen year before we see each other again . oscar good . we will make it a date . look , the bus leave for the L.A. airport at nine in the morning . I want to get some sleep . felix oh . do not I tell you ? no bus . leece be hire a limo to get we all to the airport . oscar leece ? who 's leece ? felix Felice . but I start call she leece and she like it . oscar really ? what do she call you ? lix ? felix oh. something else . I be not go back to New York yet . I be go to stay up in San Fran for a while . oscar San Fran ??... lix and leece in San Fran ?... what 's go on ? felix who know ? May stay a few day , may stay forever ... we really hit it off tonight , oscar . oscar I have hear you say that before . felix well , this may be the jast time you ever hear I say it . oscar good . I hope so . I really do . well , I be exhaust ... g.n. ( continued ) 126 127 128 114 . continued : 126 felix g.n.? oscar goodnight . ext . the L.A. airport - day 127 establish . int . l.a.x. terminal - day 128 oscar , Felix and Felice enter the terminal . oscar look at he ticket . oscar I be at Gate 46 . where 's that ? felice that 's down at that end . we be at the other end . oscar nod . there be a moment of awkwardness , of how to say goodbye . felice Felix , I will change you ticket . give you and oscar a chance to say goodbye . felix what ?... oh. yeah . thanks . felice Goodbye , oscar . have a wonderful flight . oscar and the same to you , leece . she smile and walk away to the counter . oscar and Felix alone , still wonder what to say . oscar ( cont 'd ) .-- so where you gonna live ? with she ? ( continued ) 128 129 115 . . continued : 128 felix no . of course not ... she have a little guest house in the back . oscar she look like she have a lot of dog . you be go to be walk a lot of dog , Felix . felix you think I be make a mistake ? oscar I do not give that advice twice on the same weekend . felix it could be my last chance , os . I just want to give it a try . oscar nod . felix ( cont 'd ) hey , if it do not work , I will just go back to my old life ... whatever that be . oscar I wish you the best , Felix . felix you do ? oscar of course my best do not always mean much . felix it do to I . he put he arm around oscar , embrace , he cheek to oscar 's cheek . he hold on . oscar okay , that 's enough ... Felix , stop . she will think you and I have something go . Felix pull away , then turn and go quickly . high up 129 we see oscar walk in he direction and Felix and Felice in the opposite direction . Felix turn and give oscar one last look , then continue on . lis. : 130 ext . a full moon - night 130 it be bright , shine down on sarasota , Florida . we see the palm tree on the way down , then the exterior of oscar 's condo , at night . we move in towards the window . the poker game be in progress . 131 int . oscar' live room - night 131 the usual guest . abe , hattie , esther , millie , wanda and flossie . oscar be put some food down on the poker table . oscar who get the bagel with the tofu cream cheese ? millie that 's mine . oscar and the soy bean facsimile corn beef sandwich ? abe that 's I ... this do not have salt , do it ? oscar just a tinge . but the box say it expire two year ago , it 's safe . flossie be you in this game , oscar ? oscar yes . I be in for twenty cent . flossie you do not look at you card . oscar at this price , I will take the plunge . wanda ( struggle with fork and cake ) this cheesecake be hard as a rock . oscar that 's the wax model they keep in the window . if you like the way it leok , I will order it . ( continued ) 117 . 131 continued : 131 esther so tell we about the wedding . what do you serve ? oscar ( sit , look at card ) veal alphonso . esther how do they make it ? oscar a guy name alphonso come in early . the doorbell ring . oscar get up . oscar ( cont 'd ) I will get it . I order pizza . hattie for tonight ? oscar no . from before the wedding . I forget to cancel it . he open it . a forlorn look Felix stand there . felix hi , os ... I be in the neighborhood so I think I would drop in . oscar , what a surprise . ( look over he shoulder ) be Felice with you ? felix no . it do not work out . the woman leave she clothes all over the floor , always run out of towel , bobby pin in the bed . I just could not hack it ... be I disturbing you ? oscar no. no. come on in . Felix go back into the hall , get two heavy suitcase and bring they in the apartment . oscar look at suitcase suspiciously . {continued } 118. 131 continued : ( 2 ) 131 felix ( to lady ) hi. oscar Girls , I would like you to meet the father of the bride , Felix ungar ... Felix , this be my poker buddy . felix gee , I hope I be not interrupt the game . the woman smile , a little flirtatiously . hattie no . my goodness , not at all . wanda it 's a distinct pleasure to meet you . esther ( squint ) I can not see he . be he cute ? oscar Girls , can you excuse we for one minute ? Felix , can we have a word inside ? as they leave , the woman buzz like bee with they head over the table . all except abe . 132 int . the bedroom - night 132 oscar what 's with the suitcase ? felix I give up my apartment in New York . oscar to live in sarasota ? felix they have hospital here too , you know oscar be you plan to move in with I again , Felix ? because it do not work the last time . ( continued ) 119 . 132 continued : 132 felix no , no . just till I get my om place ... although we could save a lot of money split expense . oscar nothing 's change , Felix . I be still a pig and you be still a human vacuum cleaner . felix I know ... look , if you do not think it would work , just say ' no ' . oscar ' not ! Felix look at he , nod . felix okay ... so I will go . he start to go . oscar ( watch he ) +.. I do not say ' go ' . I say ' no 's ... alright , we will try it for a few week . but the minute you try match up my sock , we call it quit . felix ( smile ) it 's a deal ... go on . go back to you game . I will get my bag and hang up a few thing . oscar leave . 133 int . oscar' live room - night 133 millie he look so sweet . hattie if he 's look , I have get a spare bedroom I do not use . ( continued ) 120 . 133 continued : 2133 oscar lady , it 's possible that in five week you will @all move out of sarasota , Florida ... whose bet be it ? Felix come out , he jacket be off . felix do not mind I , folk . just go to get a beer . ( look down ) oh . be this you napkin ? ( pick it up , give it to esther ) :+- that sandwich look a little limp . I could retoast it for you in a second . abe really ? I would not mind . felix no trouble at all . he pick up the plate and go off into the kitchen . oscar this be the biggest goddamndest deja vu anyone ever have ... can we play card , please ? the game resume as the camera pull back , slowly out of the room , out of the house , into sarasota , still on the game ... fade out .