the curious case of benjamin button written by Eric roth base on the short story by f. Scott fitzgerald 10/30/07 as all thing do , it begin in the dark . eye blink open . Blue eye . the first thing they see be a woman near 40 , stand look out a window , watch the wind blow , rattling a window . a woman be ( v.o. ) what be you look at ? caroline the wind , mother ... they say a hurricane be on its way ... you have be asleep ... I be wait to see you ... 1 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 1 now we see we be in a hospital room with layer of white enamel paint try without success to hide the year ... a old woman , past 80 , withere , still regal with a green turban around she bald head be propped by pillow , she blue eye look out at we from she bed ... she 's connect to a intravenous for sustenance and a morphine drip ... her name , be daisy fuller . she speak with a Southern lilt . daisy if it be not for hurricane we would not have a hurricane season . caroline I have forget what the weather can be like here . I have live with four season so many year now . we see a young Black woman , a " caregiver , " dorothy baker , in a corner , thumbing a magazine , with one eye at the window ... dorothy baker I see on the news they be predict trouble ... daisy 1928 they stack people like firewood to close a hole in a levee . but Daisy have other thing on she mind ... murmure ... ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 daisy ( cont 'd ) it all run together ... like a fingerpaint ... I feel like I be on a boat , drift ... caroline ( tenderly ) can I do anything for you , mother ? make anything easier ? daisy hmmm . there be nothing to do , caroline . this be what it be ... I be find it harder to keep my eye open ... my mouth all fill with cotton ... and agitate , feel confine , she scratch at she nightgown as if it be stick to she ... she start to take it off ... dorothy get up and straighten it for she . dorothy baker there , there , miss Daisy ... you will scratch yourself to ribbon ... ( to caroline ) it 's they way of let go ... ( the finality ) ... prob 'ly today . caroline be well aware of it , but the word , she admonition of death be so close at hand , make everything even more present ... caroline do you want more medication , mother ? the doctor say you can have all you want . Daisy be quiet , look into the distance . caroline , seek closure , sit on the bed with she and start to cry . Daisy put she thin arm around she daughter , comforting she . caroline ( cont 'd ) a friend tell I she never have a chance to say goodbye to she mother . ( grateful to have the chance ) I want to thank you , mother , for bring I into this world . for raise I so well . ( more ) ( continued ) 3. 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 caroline ( cont 'd ) I want to tell you how much you have mean to I . I be go to miss you so much ... they hold each other for some time ... they separate ... and there 's a awkwardness they have nothing leave to talk about ... nothing leave to say to each other ... a hole in they relationship ... caroline fill it with the eternal question ... caroline ( cont 'd ) be you afraid ? daisy curious . what come next ... she wince at some physical pain . dorothy baker the pain 's come more steadily ... her breathe will falter soon ... no need for she to suffer .. she raise the morphine level ... Daisy close she eye ... drift with the morphine ... and a think , a dream , a sound , cross she mind ... and she say ... daisy they build that train station in 1918 . you father be there the day it open ... he say a tuba band be play ... oom - pah-pah ... 2 ext . the new train station , new orlean - day , 1918 2 and we see a tuba band be play while a ribbon cut ceremony be take place across the step of the new train station ... daisy oom-pah-pah , oom -pah-pah ... the finest clockmaker in all of the South build that clock ... 3 int . clockmaker's shop , new orlean - night , 1917 3 we see a old french Quarter storefront with a endless array of clock and watch ... daisy be ( v.o. ) his name be Mr. gateau . Mr. cake . 3a . 4 int . the hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 4 the slight of smile cross Daisy 's lip ... say to herself again ... " Mr. cake ... " 5 int . clockmaker's shop , new orlean - morning , present 5 we see a diminutive man in a frock coat with small , delicate hand , " Mr. cake , " work in he downstairs workshop . more than a few clock stroke midnight , a handsome creole woman come into the workshop ... ( continued ) 4. 5 continued : 5 daisy be ( v.o. ) he be marry to a creole of evangeline Parish and they have a son . take he arm , she help he up to show he to he bed . daisy be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) do I mention , Mr. gateau be from birth , absolutely blind . 6 int . clockmaker's shop , new orlean - night , 1917 6 ... the clockmaker he fine hand blindly work ... daisy be ( v.o. ) and when they son come of age , like boy will do , he join the army . they see he off at the old train station . 7 ext . old train station , new orlean - day , 1917 7 a old wooden barn of a building . they son , hugging he parent , get on a flatbe train crowded with other soldier , pull away ... Mr. gateau , blindly wave he hat goodbye to he son ... daisy be ( v.o. ) oh how he work , for month he do nothing but work on the clock for the great train station . 8 int . workshop below the clockmaker's home - night , 1918 8 the sound of clock constant tick . Mr. gateau at work ... daisy be ( v.o. ) one day a letter come ... blanche come into the workshop ... a letter in she hand ... she read to she blind husband ... blanche devereux " I be sorry to inform you that you son be kill fight for he country , at the battle of the marne . in the death of sgt. Martin gateau I lose one of my most trust man . ( more ) ( continued ) 5 . 8 continued : 8 blanche devereux ( cont 'd ) when I inform member of we company he have fall , on every face could be see the mark of sorrow ... ... we be in hope the Lord would spare he to return home together ... alas this be not to be . I send along he pants , shirt , cavalry pin , kerchief , and haircomb . " daisy ( v.o. ) Mr. gateau , do for the night , go up to he bed . Mr. gateau , blindly feel he way up the stair ... daisy be ( v.o. ) and they son come home . 9 ext . old train station , new orlean - day , 1918 9 we see " Mr. cake " in he familiar hat , he wife hold he arm , stand among the row of coffin . daisy be ( v.o. ) they bury he where the gateau family have be bury for a hundred and seven year ... 10 ext . new orlean cemetery - day , 1918 10 a old New Orleans cemetery , vine crawl the sepulcher . daisy be ( v.o. ) Mr. cake go back to work on he clock ... labor to finish ... 11 int . the clock workshop , new orlean - late night , 1918 11 Mr. gateau blindly set the last spring , close up the clock back ... finish at last . daisy be ( v.o . ) it be a morning to remember ... papa say there be people everywhere ... 12 int . the new train station , new orlean - day , 1918 12 and we see a large throng gather to watch the unveil of the clock . politician , citizen , and pickpocket alike ... ( continued ) 6 . 12 continued : 12 daisy be ( v.o. ) even teddy Roosevelt have come . and we see the distinctive figure of Theodore Roosevelt , in overcoat and hat , the war heavy on he shoulder . we watch Mr. cake , with the aid of a assistant , climb the scaffold to he clock cover by a velvet drape ... he stand for a moment ... and with a simple tug , release the purple swath ... people gasp at the magnificent clock ... " Mr. cake " wind the clock , which chime a glorious chime ... pushed by a angel , the second -hand begin its eternal journey ... go around ... everyone cheer ... until they realize the clock be go the wrong way ... travel backwards in time ... a man shout , " it 's run backwards ! " monsieur gateau I make it this way ... so that perhaps , the boy who be lose in the war might stand and go home again ... 13 ext . battlefield - day , 1918 13 and we see just that ... bullet leave mens ' wound sailing back into the rifle from whence they come ... limb , whole again ... cannon ball rocketing backwards into the cannon ' breech ... fall come to they foot , to live and breathe again . monsieur gateau ( v.o. ) ... home to farm , to work , have child , to live long , full life ... 14 int . the new train station , new orlean - day , 1918 14 teddy Roosevelt , bereft , remove he hat ... monsieur gateau perhaps , my own son might come home again ... 15 ext . old train station , new orlean - day , another time 15 and we see he own son , Martin , once again full of life hopping backward off the train to land where he journey start ... back in the arm of he loving parent ... 7. 16 int . train station , new orlean - day , 1918 16 monsieur gateau I be sorry if I offended anybody . I hope you enjoy my clock . and he wife hold he arm , he make he way across the terminal and exit ... the crowd be motionless . they look to teddy Roosevelt for guidance ... but he simply put he hat on , and with he guardian , be go ... daisy be ( v.o. ) Mr cake be never see again . some say he die of a break heart . some say he go to sea ... 17 ext . the MISSISSIPPI river - at the end of a day 17 Mr. gateau , blindly row ... away ... 18 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 18 daisy he just row ...rowed ...away ... the wind loudly rattles the window ... they turn to look ... dorothy baker do you mind if I make myself a call ? I have get somebody watch my little boy . caroline no , please go call ... it 's quiet , caroline sit on the bed with she die mother ... with the wind knock at the window ... after some moment : caroline ( cont 'd ) I hope I have not disappointed you , mother . daisy oh honey , you could never disappoint I . caroline I wish I have more to show for myself . I know you would have like to have have grandchild . ( more ) ( continued ) 8. 18 continued : 18 caroline ( cont 'd ) my life have not be all that ... normal ... as if to say the piece have not all fit ... try to articulate it ... caroline ( cont 'd ) I be either a step ahead ... or a step behind ... daisy what 's normal ? a hat full of sand . caroline what ? daisy ( go on ) I need my brown suitcase ... the envelope ... caroline a envelope ? caroline do what she 's ask go over to one of the suitcase by the bed ... she open it ... and among the clothes and the keepsake , there be indeed a old envelope . caroline ( cont 'd ) this one ? daisy I try to read it a hundred different time ... but I could not bring myself ... caroline what do you mean ? daisy read it to I . Daisy close she eye ... caroline take out a sheath of papers ... it 's a journal of some kind write in longhand ... page have come undone ... scrap of paper , even some napkin ... daisy ( cont 'd ) ( murmur ) just the sound of you voice ... ( continued ) 9. 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 and for she mother 's sake she begin to read it ... with no particular interest , like read to someone a selection from a menu 's choice ... caroline it 's date " April 4 , 1985 . " it say , " New Orleans . " ( after a beat ) " this be my last will and testament ... ( which start to engage she ) I do not have much to leave ... few possession , no money really ... I will go out of this world the same way I come in , alone and with nothing . ( find herself engage ) all I have be my story ... I be write it now while I still remember it ... " she 's interested . she look over at she mother . but she mother 's eye be close ... caroline ( cont 'd ) " my name be Benjamin ... " and caroline 's voice become a young man be voice ... a man' ( v.o. ) " Benjamin button ... and I be bear under unusual circumstance . " 19 ext . new orlean - night 1918 19 there's suddenly a explosion of firework . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) the war to end all war have end . we see the street of New Orleans be fill with drunken , sing reveler ... car jam the cobblestone , people kissing , shouting joyful ... another burst of firework . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be tell it be a especially good night to be bear ... ( continued ) 9a . 19 continued : 19 and we see in the firework ' light , a young man in he early 30 , thomas button , run up to the gate of a fashionable town home . he nearly collide with a priest who arrive there at the same time . Thomas run past he , up the step ... 20 int . button house , new orlean - night 1918 20 ... he run past a solemn maid and up a long staircase ... barging into the master bedroom ... 10 . 21 int . master bedroom , button house - night 1918 21 ... where we see a young woman be lie on a bloody bed , frantically be administer to by a doctor with the help of the small domestic staff ... the priest enter ... thomas button ( see he ) why be you here ? the doctor Thomas , I be afraid she 's not go to survive ... and the Priest bend to say last rite over the pretty young woman ... and the maid , bring bedsheet , futilely start to change she bloody linen ... thomas button that 's enough ...! all of you ! they move out of the way ... and Thomas kneel beside he wife ... she 's pale white , fear in she soft brown eye ... he take she hand ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) I come as quickly as I could ... I be sorry I take so long , the street be fill with people ... as if to underscore it , firework go off ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) you be go to be alright , my dearest darling ... I will not let anything happen to you ... he young wife promise I , Thomas ... and she be interrupt by the sudden cry of a baby . but Thomas can not take he eye from he die wife ... he young wife ( cont 'd ) promise I , he have a place ... he do not understand ... she look up at he ... hold he hand tight ... then she slip away ... the Doctor listen for she pulse ... he cover she ... it 's quiet ... the Priest 's murmured incantation ... the housemaid cry ... ( continued ) 11 . 21 continued : 21 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) she give she life for I ... and for that I be forever grateful ... Thomas , still hold she hand , be unable to let go ... when we hear again the baby crying ... the baby cry be not quite right ... it be not a infant 's cry for succor , or a natural cry to exercise its new lung ... it 's a deep , haunt cry from some primal soul ... they all turn , and the room still ... listen as the baby continue its mournful wail . only Thomas go to answer ... the baby in a basket , swaddle in a thick blanket , its face cover with cloth ... Thomas go to lift it , to see he son 's face ... maid Mr. button ...! he lift the cloth anyway ... he recoil ... for he have see some kind of horror ... he make the smallest of sound , a whisper " ohhhh . " and then he suddenly snatch up the swaddle baby -- run with it out of the room ... downstairs ... outside ... 22 ext . new orlean - night , 1918 22 ... Thomas , tear on he face , carry he crying baby , through the street ... push through crowd ... 23 ext . a bridge , new orlean - night , 1918 23 ... he come along a old bridge over a waterway ... the air heavy with the haze of firework ... the water dark ... brokenhearted , he lift the baby to throw it into the black water ... he be just at the apex of this throw when , despite he sadness , he can not bring himself to do it ... instead , cradle the newborn ... thomas I be sorry ... I be so sorry ... a lantern light he face ... a policeman down the way ... policeman what be you do there !? the baby start to cry ... policeman ( cont 'd ) what do you have there ? Thomas take off ... the policeman after he ... Thomas , carry the crying baby , run ... 12. 23a ext . new orlean , garden district - night , 1918 23a Thomas , scuttling with the cry infant through narrow street past the back porch and the back stair of the large old molder antebellum house ... 24 ext . the back of a old new orlean house - night , 1918 24 he come to a old three - story house with a screen porch , voice from inside ... people talking and laughing ... the baby , soothed by the soft yellow light , by the music of the voice , by the house itself -- stop its mournful cry . Thomas stop , catch he breath ... he look in through the back porch ... the sound of voice come ... Thomas quietly set the baby on the back porch step . he take out every last dollar he have , tucking the money inside the baby 's blanket ... we can just see the figure of two people come from inside ... Thomas knock on the weathered screen door ... and he decision make , he turn , move away from the house , leave he child behind . a woman be ( v.o. ) I could have swear I hear somebody knockin ' ... when a young Black woman , in a green dress , come onto the porch ... a thin , attractive woman , in she late 20 , with the sultry eye of a lounge singer -- she 's know as queenie . she 's follow by a handsome Black man , mr . weather -- that everyone call tizzy . she look out the door , and not see anything ... queenie I guess not ... she stand for a moment take in the night air ... queenie ( cont 'd ) the air smell sweet ... and she sing to herself ... a song from the time ... tizzy you look very handsome tonight , Ms. queenie , handsome as I ever see you ... the green match you eye ... queenie ( finger dress ) it be not everyday a war 's over , Mr. weather ... ( more ) ( continued ) 13. 24 continued : 24 queenie ( cont 'd ) we have to mark it somehow ... you be not no slouch yourself . he smile , tip he hat ... and they stand in the quiet ... tizzy hambert 's back in town ... come home legless , but he home ... we be gonna throw a party for he ... help get himself situate ... ( beat ) I know you be sweet on he one time ... queenie sweeter than I shoulda be ... lose he leg you say ? " you never know what 's comin ' for you . " and if right on cue a older white woman stick she head out ... old woman Ms. Simone mess herself ... queenie she get to stop do that , or it 's diaper for she ... I will be right there , Mrs. jameson ... the woman disappear inside . queenie , not anxious to go ... queenie ( cont 'd ) it sure be nice out here , Mr. weather ... tizzy awful nice , Ms. queenie ... come out back for a moment ... take you mind away from thing ... he push open the porch screen door ... queenie ( smile ) just a moment 's time ... he offer she he hand ... she take it ... he back out of the house , hold she hand , and he suddenly step right on top of the baby ... the baby wail , tizzy stumble , nearly fall ... ( continued ) 14 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 tizzy what in God 's name ...?!! queenie what be that ? a fish crawl out of the river ...? she move to it ... push aside the blanket , and freeze . queenie ( cont 'd ) God in heaven ! it be the very first time we have see the baby . what we see be the prominent bald head of any newborn ... but it have the face , the wrinkle skin , the fade eye , of a octogenarian . indeed , if we do not know any better , it would seem the newborn be a wrinkle decrepit sad - eye old man ... queenie ( cont 'd ) my goodness , the Lord do something here ...! tizzy look like a milk wagon run over it ... three time ... and back ... and they be both motionless , not quite sure what to do ... tizzy ( cont 'd ) I do not see it layin ' there ... I hope I do not hurt it none ... steppin ' on it like that ... the baby will not stop its mournful cry ... tizzy ( cont 'd ) we best leave it to the police ... I will go -- queenie hesitates ... a long . queenie it 's for sure nobody want to keep it ... and make up she mind , she suddenly grab up the cry baby , take it inside ... tizzy , anxiously whisper something , go in after she ... 15 . 25 int . the nolan house , new orlean - night , 1918 25 a piano 's play a standard , people sing .... there 's a myriad of old dark room ... heavy furniture and carpet ... a eclectic mixture of the possession of that who have live and die here over many year ... and we see a parlor be crowded with Old people , from sixty to ninety - five , in various stage of health ... various contraption to keep they " afloat " . a Old Age Home . we see queenie move quietly along a hallway , carry the cry baby so as not to be see . tizzy , follow she , still anxiously whisper after she ... a woman be ( v.o. ) where be you , queenie ...? queenie hold you water ... ( and to tizzy ) go see to they . he do what she ask . she hurry the baby into a small room , literally like a mouse house , under the stair ... 26 int . queenie' room , old house , new orlean - night 1918 26 a small room tuck under the staircase ... a woman be ( v.o. ) queenie Apple ... she go and mess herself all over again ... queenie Jane childress start she a bath ... and mind you business , Mrs. duprey ... you will be mess yourself soon enough too ! there 's a knock on queenie 's door . a woman be ( v.o. ) ( whisper ) somebody steal my necklace ... queenie I will be right with you , Mrs. hollister ... she whisper to the baby , soothing it . and look for a place to put it , she open a dresser drawer ... ( continued ) 16 . 26 continued : 26 queenie ( cont 'd ) you may be as ugly as a old pot ... but you still a child of God ... a woman be ( v.o. ) queenie , Apple ... she will not go take a bath wit 'out you ... queenie mercy , I will be right there . and with that she put the baby into the top dresser drawer ... with she unmentionable ... and shut it ... leave it open just a crack , enough to breathe ... turn , she see a Old woman , look very lose , look in the room ... mrs . hollister my sister give that pearl to I ... I can not find they anywhere ... people be steal my jewelry ...! queenie they be right here , Mrs. hollister , right ' round you pretty white neck ... ( move she ) come on now ... there 's a sound of a door chime ... a woman be ( v.o. ) Dr. Rose have arrive for he visit ... queenie take a concerned look back at the baby , and close the door ... and we stay behind for a moment ... inside queenie 's underwear drawer , with the smell of a lilac sachet ... be the baby with the face of a old man ... look up at the sliver of light come into the dresser drawer ... 27 int . parlor , nolan house , new orlean - night , 1918 27 we see the Doctor , a older man in a tired suit , who have do this longer than he care to remember , finish examine one of the elderly border . he put he thing into he doctor 's bag . queenie come beside he , say something ... 17 . 28 int . queenie' room - that night , 1918 28 the baby be lie on queenie 's bed ... Dr. Rose , stethoscope ever dangle , wash he hand in a sink . doctor rose ... he 's nearly blind from cataract ... I be not sure he can hear ... his bone indicate severe arthritis ... his skin have lose all elasticity ... his hand and foot be ossify ... he have all the deterioration , the infirmity , not of a newborn , but of a man well in he eighty on the way to he grave ... queenie you mean to say he 's die ? doctor rose of old age . his body be fail he before he life 's begin . they be still , look at the strange baby . doctor rose ( cont 'd ) where do he come from ? queenie ( after a beat ) it 's my sister 's child ... from Lafayette . she have a unfortunate adventure . ( whisper ) the poor child get the worse of it ... come out white ... doctor rose there be place for ' unwanted ' baby like this , queenie ... there 's no room for another mouth to feed here ... the nolan Foundation , despite they good intention , think this place be a large nuisance as it be ... a baby here -- queenie ( appeal ) you say he do not have long . ( continued ) 18. 28 continued : 28 doctor rose queenie -- some creature be not mean to survive . she look at the baby , determine . queenie he be a miracle , that 's for certain ... just not the kind of miracle one hope to see ... 29 int . parlor , nolan house - that night , 1918 29 the Old people be sit around the parlor talk , play card ... queenie bring the baby bundle into the room . queenie you all listen ... and they stop what they be do ... queenie ( cont 'd ) we have a visitor that will be stay with we for a little while ... my sister have a child but could not see right by it ... he 's know as ... ( a hesitation name he ) Benjamin ... ( she like the sound of it ) Benjamin ... he 's not a well child ... so we need to take very good care of he ... we see tizzy 's come out of the kitchen , watch with a air of strong disapproval ... and a old woman say ... one of the women I have ten child ... there 's not a baby I can not care for ... let I see he ... queenie hesitates , and give the baby to she ... the Old woman push the blanket back from the baby 's face ... the old woman ( startle ) God in heaven , he look just like my ex-husband ... and there 's laughter ... ( continued ) 19 . 29 continued : 29 queenie he 's prematurely old ... Doctor Rose say he do not have much time on this earth ... a man join the club . they all laugh . they laughter make the baby seem to smile ... the lonely smile of a old , die man . 30 int . queenie' room - still later that night , 1918 30 we see queenie , unable to sleep , lie in bed , look out a small window ... there 's a light knock on the door ... tizzy ... tizzy hambert send he remembrance to you . she nod ... the baby cry out ... and then it 's quiet ... tizzy ( cont 'd ) ( meaning the baby ) be you right out of you mind ? I know you do not get all the part it take to make one of you own ... but this be not yours to keep ... this be not even human kind ... with nothing leave to be say , he start to go ... queenie ( whisper ) Mr. weather . stay with I tonight . he slow . she 's quiet . and she whisper : queenie ( cont 'd ) " you never know what 's comin ' for you . " and as they move to be with one another , to make love ; we look over at the dresser drawer -- open just a crack ... Benjamin lie among the unmentionable , look out at the world ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I find a home ... 20 . 31 int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , present 31 caroline with the " journal " on she knee . Daisy , eye close ... the wind gather in strength ... furiously knock ... caroline be any of this true ? daisy you have such a lovely voice . caroline shrug . she look through the " book ... " caroline some page seem to be tear out here ... she discover inside ... caroline ( cont 'd ) there 's a old streetcar token . she give it to she mother , fold she hand around it . but Daisy be somewhere else , look out the window ... daisy that clock ... just keep go , year after year after year ... 32 int . " new " train station , new orlean - another day , 1925 32 and we see " Mr. cake 's " clock with its cherub push the " hand of progress , " still mark time backwards ... the year be now , " 1925 ... " 33 int . the nolan house - dine room , new orlean - 33 evening , 1925 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " ... I do not know I be a child . I think I be like everyone else who live there , a old man , in my " golden year . " the border eat dinner . queenie , in a white uniform ... along with tizzy , wear a chef 's hat and apron , help she serve . we move across the ancient face ... until we come to one particular face ... wearing eyeglass now ... but the same wrinkle face we have come to know ... the face of a very old man ... ( continued ) 21 . 33 continued : 33 the face of Benjamin button , when he should normally be a six - year-old . he 's sit in a wheelchair now ... small , shrunken , hunch with age , leg and hand crippled with arthritis ... eyeglass be just one addition ... a hearing aid ... a bulky apparatus of its time , be in one ear ... but if we look even closer we can see there be sprout of hair ... wisp of white ... what would be the last hair for some ... seem to be grow in ... as we watch he eat , he use he fork like a child might , bang it just for the hell of it make noise ... queenie stop bangin ' that fork ... ( fix it in he arthritic hand ) it 's for eat , not for playin ' with ... and use you napkin , please Mr. Benjamin ... and he do as he 's tell ... a staff member help one of the old man , feed he ... Benjamin just another old man have dinner with he contemporary . 34 ext . the porch , nolan house , new orlean - night , 1925 34 a line of old people in rocker . Benjamin , like any six - year - old , bored , wheel he chair back and forth , between they ... until one of the oldster , who have have enough , stick he cane in the spoke of he wheelchair , make he come to a abrupt stop ... Benjamin , sit with the other oldster on the porch ... the old people rock ... sound drift from the street beyond the wall ... child play ... people talk ... benjamin button what 's there ? nobody say anything , rock . Benjamin , eternally curious need to know , suddenly wheel himself precariously to the very edge of the porch where the wall be lower and he just see the street ... child run on the street , play ... carriage drop people off for a party ... he lean forward to get a even better view ... when queenie suddenly grab he ... queenie Benjamin ! that 's dangerous ... come back here ...! ... Rolling he wheelchair away from the edge to the safety of the old people ... out of sight of the street ... 22. 35 int . queenie' room - night , 1925 35 the small room with the small window . we see Benjamin in a bed make on the floor ... queenie in she bed ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I love she very much . she be my mother . and he reach to hold she hand . she generously take he hand ... and they lay like that hold hand , queenie in bed , she " son " , the " old man " on the floor ... benjamin button someday I feel like I be different from the day before ... queenie everybody feel different about themselves one way or another . we be all goin ' the same way , just take different road to get there ... you be on you own road , Benjamin . benjamin button how much longer do I have to live , mother ? queenie just be thankful you get what you be give . you already here longer than you suppose to be . we see the door quietly open , tizzy come in ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) some night , I would have to sleep alone . he look at Benjamin , he signal to pick he up , carry he out of the room , sit he in he wheelchair , tizzy go back down into the room to be with queenie ... shutting the door ... 36 int . the parlor , nolan house , late at night , 1925 36 a Old woman 's fall fast asleep in a easy chair , a book on she lap . Benjamin sit alone in he wheelchair , listen to the sound of the house . ( continued ) 23. 36 continued : 36 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I do not mind . I would listen to the house breathe . all the people sleep . I feel safe . be he still want to know " what 's over there ? " he wheel himself over to sit at the window look outside ... look at the streetlight , the world beyond the gate ... try to see what 's dangerous ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be a place of great routine ... every morning at 5:30 , no matter the weather ... General winslow , U.S. Army retired ... raise the flag ... 37 ext . the front lawn , nolan house - morning , 1925 37 and we see the very elderly General winslow , do just that ... raise the flag in a downpour , only ... he 's naked . and as queenie come run across the lawn with a coat for he . there 's the sound of someone singing opera ... benjamin button ( v.o. ) Mrs. sybil wagner , once a note opera singer ... well , she would sing , wagner ... 38 int . mrs . wagner' room , nolan house - morning , 1925 38 we see a Victrola play , Mrs. wagner in she nightgown at a window sing with the musical accompaniment at the top of she lung ... while , down the hall we see queenie give Benjamin a bath ... massage he poor crippled leg ... queenie we be gonna put some life into this old stick for you ... get you walkin ' ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) Breakfast be serve promptly at six . 39 int . the kitchen , nolan house - morning , 1925 39 we see Benjamin in he wheelchair , under tizzy 's tutelage , learn to cook ... and simultaneously , to read ... ( continued ) 24 . 39 continued : 39 tizzy how we doin ' ? what 's that say there ? benjamin bis ... tizzy biscuit ... and ... benjamin graby ... tizzy think . that 's a 'v ' not a ' b . ' say it . benjamin gravy . tizzy now you talkin ' ! some staff come in get platter of food ... tizzy ( cont 'd ) how many part butter we get ? benjamin four ... tizzy how many part flour ? benjamin two ... tizzy how much be four and two ? benjamin six . tizzy smack the back of he head . tizzy you be a regular addin ' machine ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) dinner be serve promptly at six . 25 . 40 int . kitchen , nolan house - night , 1925 40 tizzy wash dish ... Benjamin work with he ... put away can ... read from one of the label ... benjamin tomato , brown sugar , salt , myass ... tizzy swat at he with he dish towel ... tizzy " molass " ... and while wash the dish ... tizzy ( cont 'd ) I learn to read when I be five . my grandfather be a dresser for a famous actor . he would bring home every play for I to read . ( Shakespeare ) " kind keeper of my weak decaye age , let die mortimer here rest himself . even like a man new hale from the rack . so fare my limb with long imprisonment . and this gray lock , the pursuivant of death , nestor-like age in a age of care , argue the end of Edmund mortimer . " Benjamin 's mouth agape , awed , take by he , he majesty . tizzy ( cont 'd ) you think I be plain ignorant , do not you ? Benjamin never think about it ... tizzy ( cont 'd ) the actor my grandfather work for be John wilk Booth . he kill abraham lincoln . you never know ... a old man look in ... a man when 's dessert ...? ( continued ) 26 . 40 continued : 40 tizzy when it 's serve . now sit you wrinkly butt back down , Mr. Lee . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) on Saturday night I would go to queenie 's church ... 41 int . church tent , new orlean - a saturday night , 1926 41 a sweltering shout them up negro gospel tent . queenie push Benjamin in he wheelchair past a line of people look to be heal , bring he face to face with a mountain of a preacher , pour sweat and full of fire ... the preacher what can I do for you , sister ? and queenie whisper something to he . the preacher ( cont 'd ) her part be all twisted up inside so she can not have little child ... he put he hand on she stomach ... preacher Lord , if you could see clear to forgive this woman she sin so she can bear the fruit of the womb . ( and shout ) out damnable affliction ! he press on she stomach ... make queenie nearly fall over ... hold up by a " nurse " in a crisp white uniform . and once she 's regain she balance ... the preacher ( at Benjamin ) and what 's this old man 's irrediction ? queenie he 's get the devil on he back ... try to ride he into the grave before he time ... the preacher ( touch Benjamin ) out , Zebuchar ! out , beelzebub ! ( after a beat ) how old be you ? ( continued ) 27 . 41 continued : 41 and he say what be only true . benjamin I be seven , but I look a lot older . preacher ( laugh ) God bless you . he 's seven ! the congregation laugh ... the preacher this be a man who have optimism in he heart ! belief in he soul ! we be all child in the eye of God . now we be go to get you out of that chair ... we be gonna have you walk ... ( he hand on Ben 's shoulder ) in the name of God 's glory , rise up ! and Benjamin , do what he 's ask , barely able to , he leg akimbo , stand ... the people all applaud ... the preacher ( cont 'd ) now God be go to see you the rest of the way ... he 's go to see this little old man walk without the use of a crutch or a cane ...! he 's go walk by himself on faith and divine inspiration alone ...! we will show that Devil where to go ...! walk on ...! and Benjamin take two very precarious step and he poor arthritic leg give out ... and he sprawl to the floor ... the aide in white nurse 's uniform move to help , but : the preacher ( cont 'd ) do not touch he ! ( kneel to Benjamin ) rise up , old man ! but Benjamin stay crumpled on the floor ... the preacher come to he foot , stand like a mountain over he ... the preacher ( cont 'd ) rise up like lazarus ! Benjamin still lie on the floor ... ( continued ) 28 . 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 the preacher ( cont 'd ) I say rise up !! and Benjamin , slowly but surely , make he way to he foot ... the preacher ( cont 'd ) yes , and say hallelujah ! ( hallelujah ! ) now walk , my old friend ... walk on ...! and Benjamin , one crippled leg at a time , hobble across the stage ... the people urging he on ... a string of " hallelujahs ...! " queenie come to join he ... urging he ... queenie let the Lord carry you ... ... ... the preacher , walk along with he , more a dance than a walk , shouting the name of the Lord ... queenie and the preacher walk Benjamin across the stage ... Benjamin make it to the other end ... to a roar of " amen " ! benjamin button be ( v.o. ) now , when I look back on it , it be kind of miraculous ... but you know the say , " ... the Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away ... " ... that mountain of a preacher ... in full exaltation to God ... the preacher praise be to the Lord on the high ...! suddenly pitch over , flat on he face ... have have a spontaneous coronary ... lie center-stage , deader than the proverbial doornail ... the crisp uniform " nurse " run to attend to he , and poor " old " Benjamin haplessly look around . 42 int . the parlor room , nolan house - another day 1926 42 the people be gather ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) there be birthdays ... ( continued ) 29 . 42 continued : 42 a light cake be be bring in celebrate General winslow 's birthday . he stare at the cake , unhappily get up , mutter something ... and leave . the oldster eye the cake , and without a moment 's hesitation , dig in ... benjamin button ( v.o. ) and mortality be a common visitor to we house ... people come and go ... death be so frequent , I be never afraid of it . 43 ext . nolan house , another morning , 1926 43 Mrs. wagner 's window open ... and not a sound come out ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) you could hear when someone leave we ... there be a silence in the house ... 44 ext . a old new orlean ' cemetery - day , 1926 44 a small funeral at a old cemetery ... and while " die valkyrie " plays on she crank victrola , a old man bang cymbal as a grand finale to the music ... while we see sybil wagner , laid to rest to sing in another choir : 45 ext . the front porch , the nolan house - dusk , 1926 45 Benjamin with he wondrous ancient face sit in he wheelchair with the old people on the porch ... watch the sun go down ... benjamin button ( v.o . ) it be a wonderful place to grow up . I be with people who have put away all the inconsequence of life , leave in a state of purely be ... wonder about the weather ... the temperature of a bath ... the light at the end of the day ... and one of they , as if to underscore the point , fart ... 46-47a omit 46-47a 30 . 47b int . the nolan house , kitchen - another day , 1927 47b benjamin button be ( v.o. ) for everyone that die , someone would come to take they place ... and we see Benjamin come into the kitchen ... tizzy busy prepare lunch ... Benjamin stop , see a tiny African man , he back to we , surround by old people stand on the lawn ... he hear he tell they ... ngunda oti ... my first wife and I be capture by neighbor tribe , cannibal ... the old people shrink at the mention ... ngunda oti ( cont 'd ) I escape across the river ... a old woman ( wide eye ) you escape cannibal ? ngunda oti my wife , she can not swim , so she eat . tizzy ( tell Benjamin ) that 's Mr. oti ... he 's a acquaintance of a acquaintance of mine ... he will be stayin ' with we in the staff quarter for awhile ... ngunda oti ( tell old people ) ... second wife step on viper and die ... ( jocular ) it be bad luck to be marry to Mr. oti . they laugh . ngunda oti ( cont 'd ) I be capture with six other by baschiele tribe . they sell we to a big white man ... he instinctively turn and see Benjamin stand in the window watch he . when Mr. oti spot he he quickly move out of the window out of sight . 31 . 47c int . the parlor , nolan house - another time , 1927 47c we see Benjamin lie on the floor by the stair play with some metal army man ... when Mr. oti 's distinctive laugh , he voice , drift up from under the stair ... Benjamin , get he cane , go to look ... Mr. oti , stand under the stair in a alcove with some of the help , tell they he life story ... but it 's a completely different tone ... a mockery of white people and they insanity ... ngunda oti the Big White man bring we to St. Louis , where they make we village at the 1904 World 's Fair ... they have we livin ' in this little hut like we be livin ' in Africa ... people behind bar stare at we ... we tell not to look at they ... to just go about we normal life ... what the hell they talkin ' about ... ? they all laugh ... ngunda oti ( cont 'd ) at night we be do bein ' " savage ... " we go over the wall into the rosebud ... we drank and laugh until the sun come up ... and then we savage again ... they nod enjoy the idea ... and as Mr. oti sense Benjamin 's presence , turn ... Benjamin retreate on he cane as fast as he can back up the stair ... 47d int . dine room , nolan house - another day , 1927 47d Benjamin sit at the dining room table read a oversize book of " imaginary being ... " he sense a presence ... and Mr. oti sit down across from he . ngunda oti I hear you not so old as you look . you just foolin ' everybody . what happen , you get madjembe ? ( continued ) 32 . 47d continued : 47d benjamin what 's a madjembe ? ngunda oti worm . benjamin I do not think so . this be just how I be . Mr. oti look out at the street . ngunda oti you want to get a cold root beer ? benjamin ( a echo ) it 's dangerous . ngunda oti who say that ? he get up ready to go . Benjamin hesitates . he can see queenie busy lean out a window bang dust from a rug . ngunda oti ( cont 'd ) ( last chance ) ... come on little man ... despite know the consequence he take up he cane and follow ngunda outside ... 48 omit 48 49 ext . STREET , outside nolan house , new orlean - day , 1927 49 they come outside . Children on the street play . see Benjamin , they come to a dead stop ... stare at the freak from the old people 's home , with another freak ... Mr. oti suddenly run into the street ... ngunda oti hurry ... Benjamin try as best he can to keep up ... Mr. oti dart directly in front of a street car , wave he arm , make it come to a abrupt stop ... ( continued ) 33. 49 continued : 49 ngunda oti ( over ) ( cont 'd ) ... another white man come to my country and say he want to talk to I ... 50 int . the streetcar , new orlean - day , 1927 50 we move along the aisle of a streetcar ... the various people ... ngunda oti then I be in the monkey house at " Philadelphia Zoological Park . " Three thousand people show up my first day ... Benjamin and ngunda site in the back of the streetcar behind a moveable metal bar that have " colored " paint on it ... Mr. oti take a slug from a flask ... a group of school child nearby can not take they eye off the two of they ... Mr. oti take he wallet out , take out a fold piece of newspaper , show it to Benjamin ... " bushman share cage with park ape . " benjamin what 's it like live in a cage ? ngunda oti it stink . the monkey , they do some trick ... I throw spear ... I wrestle with kowali , she be orangutan ... they have I file my tooth like a cannibal ... he show he he tooth file into point like a cannibal ... ngunda oti ( cont 'd ) when I be not play with monkey - - they want I to run to bar in my cage with tooth to scare little child ... and he suddenly jump up and do just that , charge with he tooth bare at the school child ... they scream ... Mr. oti , take he seat again , laugh with Benjamin ... 50a int . ( or ) ext . the streetcar , new orlean - day 50 a Benjamin , ecstatic , he head out the streetcar window , Mr. oti hold onto the back of he breech from fall ... Benjamin feel the wind and the city wash over he ... 34 . 51 ext . the peristyle , new orlean - park - end of day , 1927 51 Benjamin and Mr. oti sit on a bench at the peristyle of a park . Benjamin take he first slug of a coca cola , take too big a hit , the coke pour out of he nose ... Mr. oti give he a handkerchief ... after he 's wipe himself up ... benjamin why do not you go back home ? ngunda oti War between English and dutch people have break up kingdom . benjamin what do you do ? ngunda oti I leave zoo . go here . go there . everything okay . but I alone . benjamin you be all alone ? ngunda oti you will see little man , plenty time you be alone . you different like we , it 's gonna be that way . but I tell you a little secret I find out . we know we alone . fat people , skinny people , tall people , white people ... they just as alone as we ... but they scared shitless ... he smile a know smile ... ngunda oti ( cont 'd ) not a thing wrong with be alone ... no sir ... he look out ... ngunda oti ( cont 'd ) I think about the river I grow up on . it would be good to sit by my river again . he look at he watch . he suddenly get up ... 34a . 52 ext . bourbon STREET corner , new orlean - dusk , 1927 52 Mr. oti and Benjamin come along the street , music pour out ... they reach a corner where a tall octoroon woman be wait . she broadly smile see Mr. oti . the woman there 's my little man . you ready , sugar . ( continued ) 35 . 52 continued : 52 ngunda oti ( smile , pure ngunda ) always ready . always ready . ( introduce ) filamena , Mr. Benjamin . filamena gilea ( respectful of he age ) it 's a pleasure to meet you , Sir . ngunda oti ( to Benjamin ) you can find you own way home , can not you ? although he 's not sure he can ... he nod , yes . ngunda oti ( cont 'd ) the St. Charles Avenue line to napoleon ... and with that , he arm around filamena 's waist , the two of they laugh , walk off ... Benjamin 's leave stand on the street corner ... he look around to get he bearing ... he move along bourbon Street ... a streetcar come along , bell clanging , it rush by he ... he watch it go ... clasp he cane , determine , he start walk ... bent over , one cane after the other ... make he way along the street ... 53 ext . nolan house , new orlean - late night , 1927 53 we see Benjamin come back to the gate ... and we hear : queenie ( v.o. ) where in God 's name have you be ?!! and we see queenie stand on the porch ... she 's worried sick ... she see he hand be bleed from blister . 54 int . kitchen , queenie' sink , nolan house - night 54 queenie clean he hand ... queenie like to scare the Holy Hell out of I ! I be so worried about you ... you take my breath away ... ( continued ) 36 . 54 continued : 54 benjamin ( v.o. ) it have be the best day of my life . 55 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 55 and the " caregiver , " dorothy Baker , come back in . she feel Daisy 's pulse , straighten she pillow ... dorothy baker how 's she breathe ... ? caroline shallow . dorothy nod . dorothy baker ( after a beat ) they be sayin ' it 's gonna reach we late in the day ... I be goin ' to get my baby and take he to my sister 's ... they say there 's nothin ' to worry about here in the hospital ... nurse be right here if you need they ... I will see you in about a hour if that will be okay ... caroline no , that 's fine ... please ... she leave . it 's momentarily quiet , the wind knock at the window ... Daisy , ruminate ... daisy be there just company ? caroline dorothy have to go home ... but Daisy 's mind be elsewhere ... gesture for she to keep read ... daisy caroline ... caroline look back at the book . Daisy close she eye ... caroline " on Sunday the family would come and visit ... 36a . 56 ext . the lawn , the nolan house - day , 1930 56 the border on the lawn with they love one ... and we * see a old man , walk with the aid of a cane come out * of the house onto the lawn ... and as he move through the * people we see it 's Benjamin ... he have a single cane , * stand more upright now , a distinctive shock of white hair , eyebrow ... a distinguished look man in he * seventies , or , in normal year , a grow twelve - year - old boy ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) it be Thanksgiving 1930 , I meet the person who change my life forever . a chauffeure car have stop ... a man be stand in the road , look at the house through the gate ... and we realize it 's thomas button ... look for a glimpse of he son ... Benjamin instinctively turn , but it 's too late , he father 's back in the car , be drive away ... ( continued ) 37 . 56 continued : 56 a woman be ( v.o. ) well , Benjamin ... * he turn , a older woman nearby ... * benjamin * ( politely ) * why , good day Mrs. fuller ... * grandma fuller * might I say you be look * strikingly youthful ... a single * cane , you back as straight as a * arrow ... what elixir have you be * drink ? * he laugh ... and there 's a voice that cut through the * day ... * a little girl be voice * grandma , look at I ... * Benjamin , and grandma fuller turn to see a little girl , * no more than eight , stand on a picnic table top do * pirouettes , one after another , for a admire group of * old people ... she full curtsy , bow -- the way dancer * do head to chest ... then raise she head , laugh ... * grandma fuller * now that be really something ... * come on over here , you ... this be * my granddaughter Daisy ... this be * mr... Benjamin , I be afraid I do not * rightly know you last name ... * benjamin Benjamin be just fine ... * * ( continued ) 38 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 benjamin button be ( v.o . ) * I would never , the rest of my * life , forget that blue eye ... * and with great dignity - * tizzy * ( call to all ) * good people , Supper be soive . * 39 . * 57 int . dine room , nolan house - thanksgive , 1930 57 the family , along with ngunda and filamena , be gather in the dining room , they head bow in prayer . we see Daisy across from Benjamin ... the prayer 's finish , it 's noisy ... ngunda oti we pray to bembe ... the creator of all live thing ... she retire after all that work ... daisy ( need to top that ) do you know turkey be not really bird ...? benjamin why do you say that ? daisy they be in the pheasant family . they can hardly fly . it 's sad do not you think ? a bird , that can not fly . ngunda oti I like bird that can not fly . they be easy to eat . queenie ( stand ) I have something to tell you all ... ( continued ) 40 . 57 continued : 57 they be quiet . queenie ( cont 'd ) while we be give thanks for God 's blessing ... I have have a miracle happen . ( she touch she stomach ) the Lord see fit to answer my prayer . the people applaud the good news . benjamin what do she mean " answer she prayer ? " daisy she 's go to have a baby , silly . that 's what my mother say when I be go to have a little brother . he do not live long though . he do not breathe right ... and we can see Benjamin 's heart beginning to break ... he look over , tizzy , proudly smile ... and as queenie accept congratulation ... Benjamin 's old wrinkle face , watch she ... look like he 's go to cry ... 58 int . parlor , nolan house - night , later , 1930 58 we see a abstract black and white drawing . and we hear a woman 's voice ... a woman be ( v.o. ) this be the picture of Old man kangaroo at five in the afternoon ... * a old finger come in point to a draw . we see * Benjamin and Daisy , sit close together on a sofa , and * Daisy 's grandmother , arm encircle they , be read to * they from rudyard kipling 's " just so story . " * grandma fuller * you can tell it 's late , because of * the shadow here ... * Benjamin and Daisy sit rapt while she finish * read to they ... * ( continued ) 40a . 58 continued : 58 grandma fuller ( cont 'd ) it 's the time Old man kangaroo get * he beautiful hind leg just as ... * I hope I be say this right ... * just as Big God ngog have promise . * you can see that it 's five * o'clock , because Big God ngog 's * pet tame clock say so . * ( finish ) be not that something ? * both Daisy and Benjamin , thrilled , say : " again . read it * again . " * grandma fuller ( cont 'd ) alright , once more ... but * afterwards ( forget Benjamin 's * age ) both of you must promise to * go to bed ... * they both " I promise ... " and as she start to read all * over again ... * 41 . * 59 int . a room , nolan house - late at night , 1930 59 we see Benjamin asleep in bed with one of the Old Men , mr. daw . the door open . and Daisy , in she nightgown , have come inside ... she slightly touch Benjamin ... daisy ( whisper ) be you sleep ? he shake " no . " daisy ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) come on ... she move quickly out of the room and Benjamin get up , and with the aid of he cane , follow she ... 60 int . back stairwell , nolan house - late night , 1930 60 the old house still . Daisy , move quietly down the stair . Benjamin , he cane softly thumping the step , follow she . benjamin ( whisper ) where be we go ? she do not say anything . she lead he into the dine room ... where we see the wash have be drape , sheet and pillowcase , like ghost over the dining room table , and a smaller side table , and a buffet ... to dry ... daisy under here ... and she duck under a sheet , beneath the dining table ... Benjamin follow she into the " fort ... " daisy ( cont 'd ) nobody know about this but we . ( continued ) 42 . 60 continued : 60 they sit ... the little girl , and the old man with the maturity of a ten year old boy , enjoy they secret lair ... she take a candle out of the fold of she nightgown ... she try to light it , but do not really know how to use match ... daisy ( cont 'd ) will you light it ? benjamin I be not suppose to use match ... daisy do not be chicken ... despite he caution , he light the candle ... the candlelight make it feel more secret ... daisy ( cont 'd ) I will tell you a secret then you tell I one ... ( whisper ) I see mommy kissing another man . her face be red from it . Benjamin do not know what to say . daisy ( cont 'd ) you turn to tell . benjamin I be young than I look . daisy ( whisper ) you do not seem like a old person ... like my grandma ... be you sick ? benjamin ( whisper ) I hear tizzy and my mother whisper . they say I be go to die soon . ( smile ) but I fool they so far . Daisy look at he in the flicker candlelight . daisy you be different than anybody I have ever meet . can I ? ( continued ) 43. 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 she innocently reach to touch the skin on he cheek to see what it feel like ... when suddenly a sheet be pull back and Daisy 's grandmother be stand there . grandma fuller what be you do under there ? who 's idea be this candle ? she angrily blow it out ... and ... to Daisy ... take she by the arm ... grandma fuller ( cont 'd ) it 's after midnight , you come right out here and get back up to bed ...! ( and for Benjamin , but say it to Daisy ) you be not to be play together ! play with people you own age ...! ( move she along ) now , you come back to bed , young lady ...! you be too young to be wander around in the night by yourself ... ( and a last word to Benjamin ) you should be ashamed of yourself ! and they be go ... Benjamin leave sit along under the sheet . there 's a slight sound and he see queenie , in she nightgown , stand in the doorway ... queenie you be a different child ... a man child . people be not go to understand how different you be . benjamin ( forlorn ) what 's wrong with I , mother ? queenie God have not say yet . now , back to bed and behave yourself . he cross up the back stair with the aid of he cane , and Mr. oti , like a spectre , be sit on one end of the back step smoking a cigarette , drink form he flask . he look at Benjamin as he go by . ( continued ) 44 . 60 continued : ( 3 ) 60 ngunda oti ( take a drink ) you get use to it ... queenie ( v.o. ) ( shout ) you get back in that bed or I will cane you old ass ! Benjamin turn down the hallway and slip into the bedroom -- 61 int . bedroom , nolan house - late night , 1930 61 Benjamin climb back into bed with the Old man . turn he back to the old man . and Mr. daw , unable to sleep ... mr. daw do I ever tell you I have be strike by lightning seven time . once , when I be fix a leak on the roof . and we see just that , the old man on a roof get blast . mr. daw ( cont 'd ) once , when I be crossing the road to get the mail ... and we see that , the man peacefully crossing a country road to get the mail , get hit by lightning ... but Benjamin just lay there look out the window ... all he can think about ... despite everything ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I never forget she blue eye ... 62 int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , present 62 the word linger . Daisy , she extraordinary blue eye , lie on she death bed ... the rattle of the window in the wind ... caroline be you alright , mother ? she nod " yes . " ( continued ) 45 . 62 continued : 62 caroline ( cont 'd ) this man . he love you from the first time he see you . she do not say anything . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( without complaint ) nobody have ever love I that way . daisy ( impell she ) go on . caroline he cross out something ... and then he 's write ... " when ... " benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " ... when the baby come thing be different ... " 63 int . the kitchen , nolan house - night , 1931 63 we see Benjamin in he pajamas , quietly come into the kitchen for something to eat ... and he slow , see queenie , take a moment to herself , sit at the kitchen table , peacefully breast - feed she infant ... as Benjamin slip back out unseen , close the door after he ... 64 int . attic , nolan house - night , 1931 64 we see Benjamin lie on a small bed in the attic ... cluttere with year of accumulate thing ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I move into my own room in the attic ... I realize , despite a house fill with people that I love , I be alone ... there 's a noise . and we see ngunda oti be at the door , a suitcase in hand . ngunda oti I come to say goodbye . I be go away . benjamin go away ? where ? ( continued ) 46 . 64 continued : 64 ngunda oti I do not figure that out yet . I will send you a postcard when I get to there . benjamin what about you friend ? the tall lady ? ngunda oti we be not friend anymore . that 's what happen with tall people . he start to go ... benjamin Goodbye ... and he 's go . Benjamin get up go to the window . he look outside . he can see Mr. oti come onto the porch . there 's a full moon . and as he walk off , he arrogant little walk , suitcase in hand , go out the gate , Benjamin watch he disappear into the night . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I spend a lot of time by myself that year ... 65 int . front room , nolan house - another day , 1931 65 Benjamin sit at a table , a old man to look at but no more than twelve , busy play with magnet ... benjamin ( v.o ) until ... we see a refine , genteel old woman , wear a hat and glove , a suitcase at she foot , flanke by a old dog , just inside the front door ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) hello ... the woman I be move in today . and just then queenie appear , the baby on she hip ... queenie welcome ... we be expect you ... ( to Benjamin ) could you show she upstairs ? ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . 65 continued : 65 queenie ( cont 'd ) she will be stay in Mrs. rousseau 's old room . I will be right with you with some fresh towel ... ( frown ) we do not usually let dog in the house . the woman he 's as old as the hill . blind too . can hardly get around , he will not be a bother much longer . Benjamin , like any young boy , immediately pet the old dog ... queenie I guess as long as he stay out from underfoot . Benjamin help she with she bag show she up the stair ... the old dog dutifully follow they ... benjamin I be Benjamin ... the woman start to tell he she name ... but we do not hear it because ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( after a beat ) as hard as I try , I can not remember she name . Mrs. lawson , or Mrs. hartford , or maybe it be maple ? it 's funny how sometimes the people we remember the least , make the great impression on we . 66 int . the older woman' room , nolan house - day , 1931 66 Benjamin sit petting the dog while the woman put she thing away ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I remember she wear diamond ... and she always dress in fine clothing as if she be go out . although , she never do and nobody would ever come to visit she . 48 . 67 int . nolan house , parlor - visiting day , 1931 67 we see the woman dress nicely , sit in a chair read a book . she take a look out the window at the family on the lawn and bend back to she book . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ... she teach I how to play the piano ... 68 int . parlor , nolan house - another night , 1932 68 the woman sit with Benjamin teach he how to play piano ... play a classical piece like chopin ... Benjamin try he hand ... sounding pretty bad ... the woman it be not how well you play , it 's how you feel about what you be play . ( whisper ) try this . and she play a ragtime piece ... New Orleans music ... music for the other whole part of the soul ... Benjamin try he hand and actually play it fairly well the woman ( cont 'd ) you can not help but put you entire self into the music . and he play along with she ... a piece he will not soon forget ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) there be many change go on , some you could see ... some you could not . 69 int . a bathroom , nolan house - night , 1932 69 we see Benjamin take a bath . a he notice a single gray hair float on the surface ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) Hair , have start grow , in all sort of place ... and he see some hair be under he arm ... and as he look downward ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) along with other thing ... ( continued ) 49 . 69 continued : 69 Benjamin , naked , look at himself in a mirror ... like a young teenage boy ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I feel like I could do anything , that I could sprout wing ... and as he flexe he muscle , feel like a man . 70 int . hospital room , new orlean - day , present 70 it 's start to rain , the wind blow , splattering rain against the window . knock . daisy oh , darlin ' , the pain ... caroline I will get the nurse ... she hurry out of the room . Daisy look out the window . the maelstrom of wind and rain . caroline come back with a nurse . the nurse you be not feel too good ? she adjust the morphine drip . Daisy lay back . the nurse ( cont 'd ) nobody seem to know whether to stay or leave . the road be fill from New Orleans to baton rouge already . I think I be gonna ride it out . ( finish with the drip ) there , that should make thing easier . Daisy start to feel the effect of the drip ... the nurse ( cont 'd ) ( to caroline ) have you have a chance to say you goodby ? caroline nod . the nurse nod . the nurse ( cont 'd ) my father wait four hour for my brother to get here from boger City . he could not go without he . ( continued ) 49a . 70 continued : 70 she affectionately touch Daisy 's cheek . the nurse ( cont 'd ) she seem like a sweet woman . caroline nod . caroline I have not spend as much time as I would have like with she the last few year . another nurse look in ... the woman you busy ? the nurse quickly go out of the room . caroline sit back down look at she mother ... Daisy open she eye ... they look at each other ... caroline know Daisy want to hear the sound of she voice ... caroline ( take up the book ) the next page say ... Daisy shut she eye ... ( continued ) 50 . 70 continued : ( 2 ) 70 benjamin ( v.o. ) ... queenie would let I go with Mr. daw to Bridge City .. to watch the boat go up and down the river ... 71 ext . the MISSISSIPPI river - day , 1932 71 the busy dock ... Men wait , hope to find work ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) this be hard time ... people be do anything they could to find work ... and we see Benjamin , with Mr. daw , " the lightning man , " sit on a bench with a line of other old man , " kill time , " watch the boat go up and down the River ... mr. daw do I ever tell you I be strike by lightning seven time ? once , when I be in a field tend to my cow . and we see just that , Mr. daw , along with a cow of he , be hit by lightning . a man' ( v.o. ) ( shout ) my fourt ' hand do not show up ... anybody want to make $ 2 for a day 's work around here ... Benjamin turn ... and he see a man in he late 40s with he three man crew , stand on the deck of a tugboat , and old rusted tug build out of charcoal iron ... the man , its Captain mike ... have a thick irish accent ... for some reason none of the able-body man need work respond ... capt . mike what 's wrong , nobody want to get they hand dirty ...! nobody want to do a honest day work for a honest day 's pay ...! a man ( warning they ) he never pay ... he always say he will have to owe it to you ... ( continued ) 51 . 71 continued : 71 capt . mike be all you afraid of workin ' for a livin ' ? somebody get to want a job ... Benjamin suddenly spring up at the opportunity , wave he arm ... benjamin I do ...! capt . mike you get you sea leg old man ? benjamin ( feel he leg ) I do . I think . capt . mike that 's good enough for I ! get you ass on board , we will sure as hell find out ! and as Benjamin get on the boat , head out to sea ... 72 ext . tugboat , MISSISSIPPI river , new orlean - day , 1932 72 and we see Benjamin " learn the rope ... " helping to tow the freighter , into and out of the River port ... Benjamin in this element , like a boy , he hair blow , thrilled to be on the boat , thrilled by the adventure ... willing to do anything ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I be as happy as I could be ... I would do anything ... capt . mike I need a volunteah . benjamin yes , Captain ! capt . mike ( motion ) scrape off this bird shit . benjamin right away , sir ...! and he hop to it ... happily scraping off the bird shit ... happy to be do anything ... ( continued ) 52 . 72 continued : 72 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and I actually be go to be pay for something I would have do for free . capt . mike I will put you on the book ... pay you next time around ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) his name be Captain Mike Clark ... he would be on boat since he be seven ... 73 int . tugboat wheelhouse - end of another day , 1932 73 Mike 's a hard drinker , God 's last angry man ... he 's drink as they go in for the night ... Benjamin sit with he in the wheelhouse ... capt. Mike jaw away ... capt . mike ... what be you bear to do , old timer ? benjamin I have not find out yet . capt . mike you have not find out yet ?! how old be you , Benjamin , seventy something ' or other ? benjamin not as old as I look . capt . mike ( laugh ) tha 's a good one ... " you older than hade you creaky old bastard ! what the hell you be do with you life ? benjamin it 's a short story ... capt . mike can you still get it up ? benjamin ( do not understand ) I do every morning . ( continued ) 53. 73 continued : 73 capt . mike the old pole ? the hard and ? can you still get it up ? benjamin ( not so sure ) I guess . capt . mike when be the last time you have a woman , you creaky old bastard ...? benjamin never . capt . mike never ! benjamin not that I know of . capt . mike ( can not believe he ear ) you be on this earth for more than seventy year and you never get any ?! that 's the saddest thing I ever hear in my life . never ? benjamin never . capt . mike well , then , hell man , you comin ' with I !! benjamin button be ( v.o. ) he take I to meet some friend ... 74 int . a club , the french quarter - night , 1932 74 Music play loud ... we see Benjamin and capt Mike at the bar ... Mike , hammer ... capt . mike you di not say ? what do you father do ? benjamin I never meet my father . ( continued ) 54 . 74 continued : 74 capt . mike you be a lucky bastard ! all father 's want to do be hold you down !.. out on my father 's boat , work da two -a-day ... this littl ' fat bastard , " tug irish , " what they call they . they say the irish the only one 's stupid `nough to work a tug . they and the portuguese , as we all know how stupid they portuguese be . I fin'ly get up the nerve and tell he ... " I do not wanta spend da rest of my life on a goddamn tugboat ...! " you know what I be sayin ' ? benjamin you do not want to spend the rest of you life on a tugboat . capt . mike absolutely , damn right ! so you know what my father say ? he say " who the hell you think you be ? " " what the hell you think you can do ? " I tell he . " well if you askin ' -- I want to be a artist . " he laugh . he say , " if God want you to be a artist he would make you one . " " God want you to work a tugboat just like I , and that 's what you goin ' to do ? " " now , if I ever hear you mention art again , I will throw you overboard ! " well , I go and I show he ... I make myself a artist ... and he suddenly take off he shirt , pull down he pants ... and we see he 's cover , from head to toe , with " he artwork , " and incredible array of tattoo ... capt . mike ( cont 'd ) a tattoo artist ...! I put every one on myself ! and they look it , upside down sideways and backwards ... capt . mike ( cont 'd ) you have to skin I alive to take my art away from I now ! when I be dead I be go to send he my arm ! ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 capt . mike ( cont 'd ) do not let anyone tell you different ! you get to do what you mean to do ! and I happen to be a god-damn artist ! benjamin ( state the obvious ) but you be a tugboat captain . which stop Captain Mike in mid rant ... and he have no answer for ... his only response be to glare at Benjamin ... a back door open , a slinky woman come in ... the woman Captain Mike , we be ready for you and you friend ... capt . mike let 's go old timer ... break you cherry ... this one 's on I ... as they go ... capt . mike ( cont 'd ) ( reconsider ) and here 's you pay for today ... do not ever let anybody tell you Captain Mike do not give a man what he deserve ... benjamin ( look at change he be give ) I think it be $ 2 for a day 's work ... capt . mike " you can not put a price on education ... " 75 int . whore house , the quarter , new orlean - night , 1932 75 Captain Mike and Benjamin in a small parlor where girl , both black and white , be sit around ... benjamin button be ( v.o . ) it be a night to remember ... Captain Mike know just who he want and move off with she ... Benjamin leave stand , not know what to do ... none of the woman seem to anxious to be with the old man ... ( continued ) 56 . 75 continued : 75 one of the women he give I the willy ... one of the women ( cont 'd ) he 's not for I , no way ... a thin girl , maybe 19 , of mix ethnicity , decide to take a chance ... the girl how be you tonight , grandpa ? 76 int . a room , whore house , french quarter - night , 1932 76 and we see Benjamin and the girl sit on a bed ... and as she undress he ... first thing first ... toss he a wash cloth ... the girl clean yourself up ... he do not know what she mean .. take the wash cloth he go over to the sink and do what he know how to do , wash he face ... benjamin be that any better ? 76a int . the room , whore house , french quarter - night , 1932 76a she 's push he down , hike up she skirt , all business ... the girl let 's go ... time 's a wastin' ... she climb on top of he ... and instinct take over ... but Benjamin be just a boy ... and this be the first time , he excitement get the immediate best of he ... benjamin ohhh ...! the girl ( hopping up ) come by anytime ... she start to leave ... but Benjamin , who like this a awful lot ... benjamin again ? ( continued ) 57 . 76a continued : 76 a the girl again ? she look and see , sure enough ... she climb back on ... the result be virtually the same if a bit longer the girl ( cont 'd ) my hat 's off to you old timer . she get up to go ... she 's make it to the door ... when Benjamin say ... benjamin again ? the girl again ? she slow , turn to look ... and sure enough ... he 's as ready as he 's ever go to be ... as she look at he , a look border on amazement ... 77 int . the room , whore house , french quarter - night , 1932 77 the girl what be you , Dick Tracy or something ? I have get to rest ... and that 's just what she 's do ... try to catch she breath ... benjamin ( in heaven ) again ? 78 int . parlor , whore house , the quarter - later still , 1932 78 and we see Benjamin , at the door , happily smile ... benjamin thank you ... the girl ( hurt ) no , thank you ... Benjamin , float on air , hover , never want to leave ... the girl ( cont 'd ) have a nice night ... ( continued ) 58 . 78 continued : 78 benjamin you will be here tomorrow ? the girl every night , but Sunday ... and she 's finally able to go ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) it sure make I understand the value of earning a live ... the thing it can buy you .. Benjamin turn to leave ... we hear footstep ... and we see a man , put on a raincoat , come downstairs from one of that other room ... we see it 's Benjamin 's father ... thomas button ... see Benjamin he slow ... Benjamin , unaware of who he be , turn and go out ... 79 ext . STREET , french quarter - late at night , 1932 79 it 's a rainy night . Benjamin , feel like a million buck , walk along the street , go home ... a chauffeure car pull alongside he , the window roll down ... and we see Thomas button in the car ... thomas button it 's awful wet out . can I offer you a ride somewhere ...? benjamin that 's very kind of you , sir. he get into the car . 80 int . thomas ' car , new orlean - late at night , 1932 80 they drive in awkward silence . thomas button my name be Thomas , Thomas button . benjamin I be Benjamin . thomas button ( say the name to himself ) Benjamin ... yes , Benjamin ... it 's a pleasure to know you . they shake hand . ( continued ) 59 . 80 continued : 80 thomas button ( cont 'd ) would you like to stop and have a drink , Benjamin ? 81 int . bar , french quarter - late at night , 1932 81 a small old bar . Benjamin and he father sit in the back ... the waiter come over , defer to Benjamin 's age ... the waiter what will it be sir ? benjamin I will have whatever he 's have . thomas button a sazerac for both of we ... with whiskey instead of brandy ... the waiter leave . thomas button ( cont 'd ) you do not drink do you ? benjamin it 's a night for first ... thomas button how be that ? benjamin I have never be to a whore house either . thomas button it 's a ... experience ... benjamin it certainly be . ( and honestly ) I be not very experience about a lot of thing . thomas button that be not a bad thing . benjamin there 's a first time for everything . ( continued ) 60 . 81 continued : 81 thomas button true enough . I do not mean to be rude ... but you hand seem awful bent ... it must be quite painful ? benjamin I do not really know what I have . I have some form of a disease . I have a lot of catch up to do . thomas button what kind of a disease ? benjamin I be bear old . Thomas be quiet . and for many thing ... thomas button I be sorry . benjamin ( guileless ) no need to be . nothing wrong with old age . thomas button I be sorry about you disease . benjamin my mother say we be all bear with something ... thomas button you mother ? benjamin I be adopt . Thomas look at he ... they get they drink ... tap glass , and drink . Benjamin cough at the taste ... but force it down ... and as they laugh at he discomfort ... 82 int . the bar - french quarter - later that night , 1932 82 Thomas and Benjamin deep in conversation ... and both of they more than a few sheet to the wind ... Benjamin , particularly overblown like any first time drunk ... thomas button ... my wife pass away many year ago ... ( continued ) 61 . 82 continued : 82 benjamin ( slurring ) I be very sorry . thomas button she die in childbirth . and there 's a moment when it seem like Thomas might tell he , but despite the alcohol he think better of it ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) ( toast , sadly ) to child . benjamin ( nod , toast ) to mother and father ... after some moment : benjamin ( cont 'd ) what line of work be you in , Mr. button ? thomas button button . " button 's button . " there be not a button we do not make . we biggest competition be b.f. goodrich and he infernal zipper ... the waiter come over . the waiter would you gentleman like another ? thomas button one more Benjamin ? benjamin if you will let I pay for it , Mr. button ... he take out a little of he hard earn pay ... proud of himself ... thomas button what kind of work do you do ? benjamin ( proud of himself ) I be a tugboat man . 62 . 83 ext . nolan house - late at night , 1932 83 the car 's stop outside the gate ... Benjamin be drunkenly get out ... thomas button I enjoy talk to you ... benjamin I enjoy drink with you ... he start to wobble inside ... thomas button ( after he ) Benjamin ... Benjamin slow ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) would you mind , if time to time , I stop by to say hello ...? benjamin ( a drunken wave ) anytime . thomas button ( happily ) goodnight , Benjamin . benjamin ( drunkenly ) absolutely ... Mr. button ... Benjamin turn inside . Thomas look after he for a long moment ... and then he drive away ... 84 int . nolan house - late night , 1932 84 Benjamin hold the railing for support start up the stair for bed . queenie be ( v.o. ) where have you be !? and we see queenie have be sit in the front room ... where she can see out the window ... benjamin I listen to some music .... I -- he do not mention the whore ... but generically say ... ( continued ) 63. 84 continued : 84 benjamin ( cont 'd ) I meet some people . and right on cue Benjamin , wobble ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) I think mama ... I be go to ... and to finish the evening , he throw up . 85 ext . lawn , nolan house - another day , 1934 85 the family 's on the lawn ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I love the weekend when she would come and spend the night with she grandmother . 86 int . grandma fuller' room - dawn , 1934 86 Daisy , nine now , asleep in bed with grandma fuller ... we see Benjamin quietly enter ... he gently nudge Daisy awake ... benjamin ( whisper ) do you want to see something ? we have to keep it secret . Daisy , always willing , always brave , get up ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) get dress . I will meet you behind the kitchen ... and he leave the room as quickly as he come ... 87 ext . behind the kitchen - nolan house - dawn , 1934 87 Benjamin , in a old peacoat , hold another -- wait ... Daisy come out ... as he stop the door from slamm ... benjamin ssssh ... ( whisper ) can you swim ? daisy I can do anything you can do ... ( continued ) 64 . 87 continued : 87 benjamin put this on ... he give she a heavy coat ... she put it on ... it 's two size too big for she ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) we have to go fast ... and she follow he between the house ... the two of they go quickly down the street ... 88 ext . the dock , MISSISSIPPI river - daybreak , 1934 88 fog . the first light of dawn . a full compliment of boat tie up for the night ... they scamper along the dock ... to the " chelsea " ... Benjamin help she climb aboard ... 89 int . tugboat , MISSISSIPPI river - daybreak , 1934 89 he go downstairs to find -- Captain Mike sprawle across he bunk -- in all he naked tattooe glory , a empty bottle on the floor ... daisy what 's wrong with he ? benjamin I think he have mejembe. ( shaking he ) Captain Mike ... could you take we out ? Captain Mike open one eye ... see they stand there ... capt . mike you know what day it be ? benjamin Sunday . capt . mike do you know what that mean ? he do not . capt . mike ( cont 'd ) it mean I be very drunk last night . benjamin you be drunk every night . ( continued ) 64a . 89 continued : 89 Captain Mike just squint . capt . mike be that a girl ? ( continued ) 65 . 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 benjamin a close friend ... I want to show she the River . capt . mike I be not suppose to be joy-ridin ' with civilian ... I could lose my license . that notion stop he for about a nanosecond . capt . mike ( cont 'd ) ( grab a bottle ) what you standin ' there for ! 90 ext . the tugboat , the MISSISSIPPI river - early , 1934 90 the tugboat make its way through the fog ... Benjamin stand with Daisy on the prow ... the wind in they face ... and suddenly out of the fog a horn blare ... as loud as anything they have ever hear ... and move out of the mist , horn still echoing , a huge ocean liner appear ... with three other tugboat push it to sea ... capt . mike she put in for repair ... a wounded duck ... she 's flyin ' now ... Captain Mike join the tug at the liner 's side ... the tug sounding horn of they own ... a symphony of a kind ... what interest Benjamin ... benjamin what do it take to build something like that ? passenger line the railing ... continue they adventure ... and what interest Daisy ... daisy imagine all the place they be go to see ... Daisy , thrilled , wave to they -- the passenger along the rail , wave back ... Benjamin stand by Daisy , they hair blow in the salty air .... daisy ( cont 'd ) ( to Benjamin ) I wish we could go with they ... as they watch the liner , like a foggy dream , sailing away ... 66 . 91 int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , present 91 the rain and wind knock at the window ... daisy ( murmur ) I wish we could have ... ( the morphine ) caroline do you say something , mother ? and there 's a hint of anxiety in caroline now ... anxiety couple with exhaustion ... Daisy do not say anything . caroline worriedly look out the window . caroline ( cont 'd ) it seem to be get worse . Daisy do not respond . caroline ( cont 'd ) be you hearing I , mother ? daisy look at that ... time just seepe out of I ... caroline what ? daisy somebody will come and mop it up and that will be the end ... caroline can only listen ... she take a deep breath , gather she strength ... and when she mother 's settle again ... caroline do you want I to go on read ? she murmur , " hmmm ? " as if she do not know caroline have stop . caroline look back down at the book . caroline ( cont 'd ) " thing be change quickly . " 92 int . older woman be room - nolan house - another day , 92 1935 we see Benjamin 's reflection in a mirror ... we pull back to see we be in he friend 's room ... ( continued ) 66a . 92 continued : 92 Benjamin sit in a straight back chair ... get a haircut ... the dog at they foot ... the victrola , as usual , be work overtime ... ( continued ) 67 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 the woman I do not know how it 's possible , you seem to have more hair ... benjamin ( a little arrogant ) what if I be to tell you I be not get older -- I be get young than everybody else ... and she then say , take the wind out of he sail ... the woman well , I would feel very sorry for you ... to have to see everybody you love , die before you . he 's quiet , he have not think of that ... the woman ( cont 'd ) that would be a awful responsibility ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I have never think about life or death that way before ... he 's still ... and see he 's upset , she say the most beautiful of thing ... the woman Benjamin ... we be mean to lose the people we love . how else would we know how important they be to we . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and one fall day ... a familiar visitor come knock on we door ... 93 int . nolan house - another day , 1936 93 we see Benjamin knock on the woman 's door ... benjamin would you like to go for a walk ? there 's no response . he open it , go inside ... the woman be sit in a chair by the window , the dog at she foot , the familiar Victrola play dance music ... he come around the chair . and he see she 's still ... perfectly still ... she soul move on ... 68 . 94 ext . cemetery plot , new orlean cemetery - day , 1936 94 we see a old New Orleans pauper ' cemetery ... Benjamin and the mourner , and because he can not remember she name , around a unmark grave ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) she have teach I how to play the piano . as Benjamin watch the woman go to she final rest . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and she teach I what it mean to miss somebody . 95 int . benjamin be room , attic - nolan house - day , 1937 95 we see Benjamin take some thing out of a dresser drawer , pack a suitcase ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I have go to a whore house , I would have my first drink , I have say goodbye to one friend and bury another ... in 1937 , when I be come to end of the 17th year of my life , I pack by bag . we see he put some final thing into the suitcase , close it ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... and say goodbye ... 96 int . parlor , nolan house , new orlean - day , 1937 96 we see Benjamin move through the parlor , one by one , say he good - by to the old people ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I know , life be what it be , I would probably never see they again ... the familiar face ... and as we watch he affectionately touch or talk to each of they ... we can just see out a screen window daisy , almost thirteen now , lean against the side of the house ... out of sight ... as if she do not say goodbye , he would not leave ... 69 . 97 ext . the front porch - nolan house - day , 1937 97 we see tizzy on the porch hold Benjamin 's suitcase for he ... the woman 's old dog lie beside he ... tizzy ( shaking he hand ) good luck , son . and we see queenie have come out onto the porch with she little girl ... and he hold queenie ... tear run down she face ... benjamin Goodbye , mother ... he bend to pet the old dog goodbye ... he take up he suitcase and start off the porch ... go down the walkway ... he hesitates , and open the gate ... move out onto the street ... when suddenly Daisy be call he ... daisy Benjamin ... Benjamin ... she come run . he stop to let she catch up to he ... daisy ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? benjamin to sea . I will send you a postcard . daisy from everywhere . write I a postcard from everywhere ... and with so much she want to say , she can not say anything . so she run away ... he watch she go , watcher she thin leg run back down the street ... and he turn and move off along the street ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and I go off to sea ... we see he in the distance , the " old man " , a 17 year old , suitcase in hand , go to find out who he be and what he be to become ... 98 int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , present 98 Daisy 's quiet . caroline can not avoid the howling of the wind . ( continued ) 70 . 98 continued : 98 caroline ( concerned ) I think I should find out what 's go on ... daisy ( stop she ) there 's a box of they ... in a velvet bag ... caroline , not sure what she want , open a red velvet bag ... she find a wooden cigar box ... caroline be this what you be look for ? daisy look for ? caroline you say you want this ? daisy of course . she give she the box ... Daisy , open it ... it 's fill with postcard ... Daisy , go through they ... daisy ( cont 'd ) can you imagine ... he send I postcard from everywhere he go ... every place he work ... newfoundland ... Baffin Bay ... Liverpool ... Glasgow ... narvik ... she take one out , read it ... take up some other ... look ... read where they come from ... read off like a adventure ... Daisy , the postcard , fond memory spread out on the bed around she ... daisy ( cont 'd ) please keep read , sugar ... caroline take another look at the window , then take up the book ... caroline ( sit back down ) " I have go .. " ( continued ) 70a - 71 . 98 continued : ( 2 ) 98 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " ... with Captain Mike 's crew on the " chelsea " ... " 99 ext . somewhere on the sea - day , 1937 99 the tugboat , in the distance , steaming through the ocean ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) Captain Mike have contract for three year with moran Brothers tug and salvage ... the old ship have be refitted with a diesel engine , and a new sea winch ... we go around Florida and up the Atlantic seaboard ... 100 ext . tugboat , at sea - day , 1937 100 the refitted " chelsea " on the Atlantic Ocean ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) we be a crew of seven now ... Captain Mike and I ... the Cookie ... prentiss Mayes from wilmington , delaware ... and we see a old sea hand in he domain , he galley , smoking and cough as he cook ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the brody twin ... Rick and Vic ... two burly hard work identical twin brother ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) who get along fine at sea ... but for some reason , once they be on dry land ... could not stand the sight of each other ... 101 ext . dock somewhere - day , 1937 101 the brother get off the tug ... and no sooner have they hit dry land they immediately get into a fist fight ... ( continued ) 72-72a . 101 continued : 101 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) there be John Grimm , who fit he name ... from belvedere , South dakota ... 102 ext . tugboat , at sea -- dusk , 1937 102 we see a dour look man ... who always expect the worst ... JOHN grimm you know one in every eight boat never return , all hand lose at sea . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ... and pleasant curtis who never say a word to anyone ... except to himself ... the asocial pleasant ... talk to himself as he work ... 103 ext . atlantic ocean - day , 1938 103 Benjamin stand on the bow of the old tug as it slough through a fog on the high seas ... ready to see the world . 104 int . hospital room , new orlean - day , present 104 Daisy lie in bed ... daisy I write he constantly ... tell he everything I be do ... 105 ext . harbor somewhere - nightfall , 1938 105 the tug on its way in for the night ... Benjamin , sit on a cleat , read she letter ... daisy be ( v.o. ) ... I tell he they have invite I to New York to audition for the School of american ballet ... 106 ext . new york skyline - day , 1938 106 tilting from the grey sky , onto a old landmark building . 107 int . landmark build , dance loft , new york - day , 1938 107 a large open dance loft . and we see Daisy , dance for a selection committee seat on metal chair ... ( continued ) 73. 107 continued : 107 Daisy move with technical proficiency -- but it 's bloodless , without any real distinction ... she get nod - - but no kudo ... daisy be ( v.o. ) one of the " corps " ... another dance gypsy ... we see Daisy training ... just another lithe body . 108 int . hospital room , new orlean - day , present 108 Daisy in bed ... pick up another postcard , she stop , read , slow at a painful memory ... daisy oh . then he write I ... " I have meet somebody ... and I have fall in love ... " 109 int . landmark build , dance loft , new york , night , 1941 109 and we see Daisy , sit on the dance floor read the very same postcard , brokenhearted ... a man place everybody ... once again ... the troupe move into they place ... Daisy still just part of the crowd ... the music start ... now as Daisy dance ... it be fill with pathos and lose love ... and everyone take notice . 110 int . hospital room , new orlean - day , present 110 Daisy read the very postcard some sixty odd year later ... as if read it for the first time ... daisy " ... I have meet somebody ... and I have fall in love ... " my , that be over ... ( and realize ) ... sixty year ago . she 's quiet , look out the window ... caroline do you love he , mother ? daisy what can a girl know about love ? ( continued ) 73a . 110 continued : 110 as she watch the rain on the window , caroline take it as she cue to keep read ... caroline ( read ) " ... we be work in murmansk , Russia ... " ( continued ) 74 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 Daisy stare at the window , the constant beat rain , the water run down the window ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) murmansk be on the barrent Sea , the only ice- free ocean port in the Soviet Union ... 111 ext . murmansk harbor , russia - day , 1941 111 we see " chelsea " work with other tug as snow fall in the crowded Russian Harbor . they tow a large freighter into port . capt . mike Benjamin ... Benjamin , who be coiling rope on the bow , stand and look at the Captain . capt . mike ( cont 'd ) ( squinting down at he , want to know ) tell I how 's it happen you show up you be no bigger than a bollard . now either I drink a helluva lot more than I think I do , or you sproute ... what 's you secret ? and Benjamin , tired of explanation , and what come first to mind ... benjamin well Captain , you do drink a lot ... and that make perfect sense to Mike ... capt . mike ( take a drink , salute ) goddamn right I do ! and Benjamin stand on the bow ... ready to see the world ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) we stay at a small hotel with the grand name , " the Winter Palace . " 74a . 112 ext . murmansk STREET , russia - night , 1941 112 snow cover the street outside of a turn - of - the century hotel ... a front window look into its lobby ... " the Winter Palace Hotel . " 113 int . " winter palace , " russia - night , 1941 113 there 's a pack bar off the lobby ... we see Benjamin sit with Captain Mike , they crew , and a mixture of other seamen , Russians and other ethnic , all speak different language , sit and stand around table cluttere with bottle and glass ... Captain Mike , drunk , he shirt off , be tell a Russian sailor , another interprete for he -- about a tattoo he have over he heart ... a upside down hummingbird ... capt . mike I saw this tattoo put on a man 's back in Singapore by sakumoro , the great tattoo artist ever live . I put it on myself from mem'ry . and now we know why it 's upside down ... capt . mike ( cont 'd ) this id not just anoter bird ! its heart rate 's twelve hunerd beat a minute ...! its wing beat eighty time a second ...! if you be to stop they wing from beatin , they would be dyin ' in less than ten second ... this be no ordinary bird , this be a frikkin ' miracle ! they slowed down the wing ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . 113 continued : 113 capt . mike ( cont 'd ) wit ' movin ' picture , you know what it show , they wing tip be doin ' dis ... and he draw on a napkin a figure EIGHT ... capt . mike ( cont 'd ) do you know what the figure - eight be the mathematical symbol of ...?! point at the symbol ... capt . mike ( cont 'd ) infinity ! and for some drunken reason , no matter what language they might speak , they all laugh ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) everybody , no matter what difference they have , the language , the color of they skin , have one thing in common ... they be drunk every single night ... then there 's a shout -- and as if to underscore thing , the brody twin be kick the shit out of each other again ... 114 int . lobby , " winter palace , " russia - night , 1941 114 we see Benjamin wait for the small cage elevator to take he to he room . he get in , the elevator operator about to shut the grill door ... a woman be ( v.o. ) would you wait , please ... and we see a woman in she late 40s ... get on the elevator ... Benjamin look over at she ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) her name be Elizabeth abbott . she be not beautiful . she be plain as paper ... but she be as pretty as any picture to I ... " plain as paper , " elizabeth abbott ... directly behind she walk a tall , tired man , in he 5as ... by the look of he ruddy face , and she silent mien ... they be both drunk ... Benjamin find himself look at she ... ( continued ) 76 . 114 continued : 114 elizabeth abbott what be you look at ? she have a distinctly English accent . Benjamin do not say a word . elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) if you must know , we have a long stand agreement never to go to bed sober . be not that right darling ? benjamin button be ( v.o. ) her husband be walter abbott ... he be Chief Minister of the british Trade Mission in murmansk ... and he be a spy ... they ride up . Elizabeth have she shoe off ... she see he note she stock foot ... the elevator finally rattles to a stop , and George and Elizabeth get off ... start down the hall ... she abruptly turn to say to Benjamin ... so that it 's completely understand ... elizabeth abbott I break the heel off of one of my shoe ... I do not usually walk around in my bare foot ... and as he watch she saunter along the hallway ... the way drunk do ... endeavor to keep she dignity ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) they be long day there ... 115 ext . murmansk harbor , russia - day , 1941 115 Benjamin on the tug , but it 's less fun now , not much adventure , just hard work ... Fighting the snow and the wind , they tow a large freighter into port ... 76a . 116 int . benjamin be room - " winter palace " - night , 1941 116 Benjamin , in he small room , cold air blast through the window , look out the window into the snowy night ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and longer night ... he lay on he bed look out at the dark sky ... the snow fall ... ( continued ) 77 . 116 continued : 116 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) one particular night ... when I be have trouble sleep ... 117 int . " winter palace , " russia - late night , 1941 117 Benjamin trudge down the stair , step tentatively into the empty lobby ... he slow , see elizabeth abbott in she bathrobe , sit , alone and lonely ... and it 's not the first time for she ... benjamin I be sorry ... I can not sleep ... she 's quiet ... she finally look up ... but do not say anything ... there 's a awkward moment ... exacerbate by the stillness of the hotel in the middle of the night ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) I be go to make some tea ... would you like some ? she shake she head no ... he cross through the empty bar , into a old kitchen ... he look for tea ... put water in a kettle ... as he watch the kettle boil ... Elizabeth , she arm fold across she chest as if she be chill , stand by the door ... Benjamin , without ask , take a cup for she ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) milk ...? honey ...? elizabeth abbott some honey , thank you . he find a large honey jar ... and see some dead fly in with the sweet syrup he ask ... benjamin do you like fly with you tea ? she smile ... for the first time ... a thin smile ... he start to stir the tea ... Elizabeth stop he ... elizabeth abbott you must let it steep for a minute ... benjamin steep ? ( continued ) 78 . 117 continued : 117 elizabeth abbott sit . there 's a proper way to make tea . benjamin where I be from , they just want it to be hot . she do not smile . he give she a cup of tea ... she cradle the cup ... they be quiet , drink they tea ... two stranger ... after some moment ... elizabeth abbott you be a seaman ? I do not mean to be rude ... but be not you rather old to be work on a boat ? benjamin there 's no age limit ... as long as you can do the work ... she nod ... they be quiet again . she sit at a old wood counter . elizabeth abbott you have trouble sleep ? it 's a invitation to sit with she ... he pull a stool over sit across from she ... benjamin I do not know I do ... I usually sleep like a baby . something keep I up . elizabeth abbott I never sleep ... well , rarely anyway ... he do not say anything . elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) my father , when he be in he eighty , be so sure he be go to die in he sleep ... he would only take nap during the afternoon ... so that death could not catch he ... benjamin do he ? ( continued ) 79 . 117 continued : ( 2 ) 117 elizabeth abbott do he what ? benjamin die in he sleep ? elizabeth abbott he die sit in he favorite chair listen to he favorite program on the radio . benjamin ( smile ) he must have know something . she smile at the idea ... another one ... that go as quickly as it 's come ... and it 's quiet again ... elizabeth abbott my husband 's the british Trade Minister . we have be here fourteen month ... we be suppose to be go to Peking ... but it just never do work out . it never do seem to work out . have you be to the Far East ? benjamin I have not really be anywhere . I mean outside different harbor . elizabeth abbott where be you from ? benjamin New Orleans , Louisiana . elizabeth abbott ( pure Elizabeth ) I do not know there be another one . which escape he . elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) I have never be to America . everywhere else . but not America . be I miss anything ? benjamin ( simply , guileless ) the Mississippi River . ( continued ) 80 . 117 continued : ( 3 ) 117 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and she tell I all the place she have be , and what she have see ... elizabeth abbott I can tell you what bar look like in place all over the world ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and we talk until just before the dawn ... 118 int . kitchen , " winter palace , " russia - daybreak , 1941 118 the first hint of daylight ... elizabeth abbott thank you for the tea ... she leave as quietly as she enter ... Benjamin remain stand for a moment ... then shut the light off behind he . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ... and we go back to we room ... to we separate life ... and as he go back up the quiet stair ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and every night ... we would meet in the middle of the night ... 119 int . lobby , " winter palace , " russia - dead of night , 1941 119 Benjamin pad downstairs ... slow ... happy to see Elizabeth , in she bathrobe , sit in the empty lobby , wait for he ... 120 int . kitchen , " winter palace , " russia - before dawn , 1941 120 Elizabeth and Benjamin quietly talk ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) a hotel in the middle of the night can be a magical place ... and we see the empty front desk and tiny silver bell ... the vacant lobby , with its musty old rug ... the open elevator , wait ... the dining room , with its crisp white tablecloth . ( continued ) 81 . 120 continued : 120 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a mouse stop and run and stop ... a mouse crossing the lobby floor do just that ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a radiator hiss . a sink drip . a floor creak . a curtain blow . we see and hear it all ... all the little sound , a symphony , that make up life in a hotel in the middle of the night ... Benjamin and Elizabeth sit quietly drink they tea . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there be something peaceful , even comforting , know that people you love be asleep in they bed , where nothing can harm they ... 121 int . various bedroom - dead of night , 1941 121 queenie and tizzy asleep together in she bed ... they child on the floor ... the old people in they bed in the old house . ngunda oti asleep in a room somewhere . the unnamed woman 's grave . a different kind of sleep . and of course Daisy , in a New York apartment loft with other dancer ... sleep peacefully . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) Elizabeth and I would talk through the night until just before dawn ... 122 int . kitchen - " winter palace " - russia - daybreak , 1941 122 daylight start to creep in ... she get up , about to go ... she slow ... elizabeth abbott I may have give you the wrong impression . benjamin the wrong impression ? elizabeth abbott you must think I do not love my husband . ( continued ) 82. 122 continued : 122 benjamin why do you say that ? elizabeth abbott married woman do not usually sit with strange man in a hotel in the middle of the night . I certainly do not . benjamin ( honestly ) I do not know what marry woman do or do not do . elizabeth abbott let 's get one thing straight . I love he very much . I happen to think he be one of the smartest and most considerate man I ever meet . it be not he fault I decide to spend my life in he shadow . and with that she get up and leave ... Benjamin , leave with that think ... 123 int . dine room , " winter palace , " russia - night , 1941 123 Benjamin and Elizabeth in the empty dining room at a table with a white tablecloth ... with some wine and cheese ... she 's laugh now , measurably loosen up ... elizabeth abbott he start to take he pants off ... I be afraid he misread I completely ... he laugh . she look through she wine glass at he ... elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) do you notice how people look better through a wine glass ... he hold he up .... look at she .... she move she glass just look at he ... elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) you be a good look man with or without a wine glass ... she pick at the tablecloth with she finger next to he ... she put she finger over he make a cross ... ( continued ) 83. 123 continued : 123 elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) we be all just crossing in the night . sometimes we intersect . she leave she finger there for a moment ... linger ... she abruptly move it away ... elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) I should go to bed ... he will be up soon . she hesitates ... and she kiss he , and then hurry out of the dining room ... as Benjamin sit in the empty dining room ... the kiss leave on he lip ... benjamin button be ( v.o . ) it be the first time a woman have ever kiss I . it 's something you never forget . 124 int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , present 124 the wind and rain knock at the window . Daisy silently lie in bed . caroline be you upset , mother ? she do not say anything . caroline , see she foot have come out of the cover , caring , fix she blanket . caroline ( cont 'd ) would you like some sock ? Daisy 's quiet . caroline ( cont 'd ) do you want I to stop read ? Daisy 's answer for she be ... daisy it must have be very cold . I be glad he have somebody to keep he warm . which caroline take as she cue to read on ... caroline ( after a beat , read ) " I could not wait to see she again . " 83a . 125 int . " winter palace , " russia - another late night , 1941 125 Benjamin come hurry down the stair . Elizabeth be wait , as she normally be , but this time she be dress ... lipstick and hair do ... wear a fur . ( continued ) 84 . 125 continued : 125 benjamin ( self-conscious ) I be not dress -- elizabeth abbott you be delicious just as you be ... she laugh , take he arm , walk to the dining room as if go to dinner ... they sit at a table ... which she have set for they ... caviar and vodka ... elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) do not bother with the cheese or the wine here , they be quite common ... but the caviar and the vodka be plentiful and sublime ... she feed he a spoonful of the caviar ... unaccustom to it , he swallow it too quickly ... elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) take you time ... if you eat it all at once there will be nothing leave to enjoy ... savor it ... she give he another spoonful ... and take one herself ... he take he time ... they both do ... savore it ... elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) ( pour ) now , a swallow of vodka ... which they do ... she laugh ... look at he ... elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) you have not be with many woman have you ? benjamin no . not many . at least none on a Sunday . elizabeth abbott ( smile ) I feel like I be with a virgin . she 's not far off ... and it 's a lovely think ... and it make she think of she youth . ( continued ) 85 . 125 continued : ( 2 ) 125 elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) when I be nineteen , I try to become the first woman to swim the English Channel ... 126 ext . the english channel  day , 1911 126 and we see just that .... Young Elizabeth , in goggle , she body cover with grease , swim with two escort boat across the English Channel . elizabeth abbott' ( v.o. ) the current be so strong ... that for every stroke I take ... I be push two stroke back ... and we see just that , Elizabeth fight the current ... elizabeth abbott' ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I swim for 32 hour ... I be only two mile from the french shore ... Elizabeth in sight of the light of calais ... elizabeth abbott' ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when it start to rain ... and it start to rain on she ... harder and harder ... the shore be suddenly go from sight ... elizabeth abbott' ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when I could not go any further , and I just stop ... and we see she be take onto a boat , a blanket wrap around she ... 127 ext . calais , beach - night , 1911 127 elizabeth abbott' ( v.o. ) they ask I whether I would try again ...? elizabeth abbott why would not I ? she smile , a young girl , full of life ... 86 . 128 int . dine room - " winter palace " - late night , 1941 128 elizabeth abbott I never do . as a matter of fact , I have never do much of anything with my life after that ... and it 's quiet . she touch he rough hand . elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) you hand be very rough ... you have grease under you nail ... she run she fingernail along he face ... elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) I can feel the wind on you face ... they look at each other . and this time , Benjamin kiss she . it linger ... she stop herself ... elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) I be afraid it 's the witching hour ... she quickly get up ... and she 's go . as Benjamin sit in the empty dining room . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) it take I a long time to go to sleep . 129 int . " winter palace , " russia - another late night , 1941 129 we see Elizabeth nicely dress , a bottle of champagne in she hand , sit anxiously wait . the elevator door open . Benjamin in a suit and tie , as handsome as we have see he step out . she stand , take he arm . benjamin do I look okay ? I borrow it from one of the man . it 's he church suit . elizabeth abbott you take my breath away . she walk with he , champagne bottle in hand , through the empty lobby ... ( continued ) 87 . 129 continued : 129 elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) the thing about clothing be , it should make you feel comfortable , then you will be comfortable ... come , let 's take a walk ... 130 ext . murmansk , russia - dead of night , 1941 130 they arm in each other 's , they breath show in the night , they walk through the sleep Russian town , they shadow in the moonlight . they stop to share a drink from the champagne bottle . they laugh . benjamin I feel so much young when I be with you ... and it seem he 's about to go on ... but Elizabeth , flatter , take it metaphorically ... elizabeth abbott that 's such a nice thing to say . you make I feel year young , too . I wish I be . I would change so many thing . I would undo all of my mistake . benjamin what mistake ? elizabeth abbott I keep wait , think I would do something to change my circumstance ... do something ... but I never do ... it 's a awful waste , you can never get it back ... waste time ... they be quiet . she look at he . elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) ( abruptly ) if we be go to have a affair , you be never to look at I during the day , we must always part by sunrise , and we can never say " I love you ... " he 's quiet ... ( continued ) 88. 130 continued : 130 elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) and when it be over I will send you a card that will simply say goodbye ... that be the rule ... they stand in the cold . his answer be ... benjamin be you as cold as I be ? elizabeth abbott ( laugh ) my god , colder . they stop to finish what 's leave of the champagne , Elizabeth hurl the bottle . the bottle fall silently into some fresh snow . elizabeth abbott ( cont 'd ) you can not even break a bottle here . they look at each other and they kiss . and without anything else need to be say , they start back ... 131 int . lobby , " winter palace , " russia - late night , 1941 131 elizabeth abbott get a key . Benjamin go behind the registration desk , take a empty room key off a hook ... they cross to the elevator ... 132 int . elevator , " winter palace , " russia - late night , 1941 132 they stand in the elevator as it ascend . anticipate what 's to come ... 133 int . hallway , " winter palace , " russia - late night , 1941 133 they move along a dark hallway . he quietly unlock a empty room door ... and as he follow she into the room ... the door close . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) she be the first woman who ever love I . 89 . 134 int . " winter palace , " russia - another day , 1941 134 Benjamin , in he peacoat , and stock cap , snow on he , hurry into the hotel from work ... he run to the elevator , the door just close . benjamin hold it ... it open . he go inside . and Elizabeth 's husband be stand in the elevator . 135 int . elevator , " winter palace , " russia - late day , 1941 135 they silently ride up , not a word exchange . the elevator stop . Elizabeth 's husband get out . as he quietly walk down the hall ... benjamin be ( v.o. ) we see each other every night ... we always use the same room ... 136 int . hall " winter palace , " russia - night to dawn , 1941 136 we see the key go into the door ... Benjamin and Elizabeth go inside close the door behind they ... leave we with the quiet hallway . benjamin be ( v.o. ) but each time seem new and different ... and we see they as dawn creep along the hallway , Benjamin and Elizabeth , leave the room , not want to part , passionately kissing , and as they start to go they separate way ... benjamin ( whisper ) Elizabeth ... she turn . benjamin ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you should swim the English channel again . and as she laugh to herself and hurry off ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) until one night ... 90 . 137 int . " winter palace , " russia - another night , 1941 137 we see Benjamin come down the stair , into the lobby to meet Elizabeth . and he slow ... Elizabeth be not there . he look into the bar ... the kitchen .... the dining room ... he go back to the lobby , sit on a lone sofa , wait for she ... a mouse run across the marble floor , stop , look at he and run off ... and he sit and wait . 138 int . lobby , " winter palace , " russia - early morning , 1941 138 snow shroud the window . we see Benjamin have fall asleep on the sofa ... there 's the distinctive bellow of Captain Mike 's voice . Benjamin wake ... he follow the bellow to find Captain Mike with the tugboat crew in the bar ... capt . mike Roosevelt say we all get to do we part ! after they jap attack Pearl Harbor everyone 's get to ! the chelsea 's be commission to serve in the United States navy , to repair , tow , salvage and rescue ... anybody do not want to go to war , now 's the time to say so ... once you set foot on that boat again , you be in the navy friend ! benjamin ( right away ) I will go captain ! capt . mike easy old timer . ( to the man ) I will hold it against no man . but speak up now or forever hold you water . and the cook , prentis Mayes ... the cook I be plan on talk to you cap and Mike ... my wife 's do poorly . I would like to see she one more time ... capt . mike ( understanding ) you be free to get home any way you can Mr. Mayes . ( continued ) 91 . 138 continued : 138 and the cook walk off . JOHN grimm ( always dour ) who do you intend to have cook then ? one of the lead cause of death at sea be food poisoning , right after inadequate safety equipment . benjamin I grow up cooking , sir . I will take the job , if I be not too old to serve . capt . mike you a real johnny on the Spot , Benjamin . I will take any able body mens who want kick shit out of the jap and the hun . and with no one dissent ... capt . mike ( cont 'd ) then that 's it ! we 's goin ' to war , gentleman ! and fill with fervor , they give a cheer . 139 int . benjamin' room , " winter palace " later , 1941 139 Benjamin unlock the door to he room . a envelope have be leave under the door , he open it . benjamin be ( v.o. ) she have leave a note . she write , " it be nice to have meet you . " that be it . and as he stand hold the letter in he room at the small Russian hotel : benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and so , I go to war . 140 ext . tugboat , atlantic ocean , somewhere - night , 1941 140 the man on the tug on a dark gray sea .... benjamin button be ( v.o . ) it be not the war we expect . we would tow crippled ship ... scrap of metal ... ( more ) ( continued ) 92 . 140 continued : 140 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) across the high seas ... if there be a war , we do not see it ... and what seem exciting , the idea of war ... be tedious ... the " chelsea " towing a strange hulk shape on the dark , empty sea ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there be a man assign with we ... the Chief gunner love the navy , and most of all , he love America . the man be ( v.o. ) there be no other country in the world ...! when you spell America , a.m.e.r.i.c.a . you be spelling freedom ...! we see the young gunnery mate , no more than nineteen ... sit at he post on a high caliber machine gun ... ready to kick some enemy ass ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) his name be Dennis Smith and he be a full blooded Cherokee ... his family have be in America for over five hundred year . dennis smith you have this pacifist . they say they will not fight on conscience . where would we be if everybody decide to act accord to they conscience ? capt . mike ( out he window ) keeps it down , would you chief ! he go back inside ... and as they settle into they task .. dennis smith ( on he gun , to himself , the last word ) where else can you shoot white people and get away with it ... Benjamin 's the only one around to hear he ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I work in the kitchen ... 93. 141 int . the tugboat kitchen - day , 1941 141 Benjamin busy prepare a meal in the galley kitchen . the perpetually silent pleasant curtis , on kitchen duty , help he with the preparation ... while they work ... benjamin ( try to make conversation ) you be from the kentucky mountain be not you ? it must be pretty there .. pleasant curtis do not say a word . Benjamin shrugging , put the pie in a oven . 142 int . the galley - tugboat - night 142 the man ; include Dennis Smith , pleasant curtis , John Grimm , the " fight " brody twin , Benjamin serve they , silently eat dinner , roll with endless roll Ocean . pleasant , not interested , just get up and leave . JOHN grimm there 's something not normal about he . as they silently eat , mostly bored ... dennis smith ( look outside ) whoever say " War be hell , " do not know shit from shinola . 143 ext . tugboat , atlantic ocean -- another night , 1942 143 we see " chelsea , " a steel tow line splay out from its winch , towing a large crippled freighter across the ocean ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) we be towing a british freighter , that have go dead in the water , 800 mile to halifax for repair ... we see Benjamin and the crew watch the ship on the tow line run out some thousand foot behind they ... 144 int . crew quarter , tugboat , atlantic ocean - night , 1942 144 we see Benjamin awake in he bunk , Dennis Smith asleep in the bunk above he . ( continued ) 94 . 144 continued : 144 pleasant curtis seemingly asleep in he bunk below he ... Benjamin look out at the black sea ... and out of the silence pleasant curtis for the first time speak ... pleasant curtis I have be watch you . you seem trustworthy . if something happen to I ... could you see this get to my wife ...? he hand Benjamin a fold up handkerchief ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) he have give I all of he pay ... he have not spend a dime of it ... pleasant curtis if anything happen I want my family to know I be think about they , and if I could have , I would have come back home . and that say he turn back over ... and as Benjamin look at the dark forebode sea ... suddenly : capt . mike ( over ) ( call ) all hand on deck !!! they bolt from they bunk ... go outside ... 145 ext . tugboat , atlantic ocean - night , 1942 145 Captain Mike stand by the wheelhouse ... silently look at the ocean ... they see body of man , dead man , float by they ... one and two at first ... then three and four ... and then more and more until they be move through a carpet of body ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) the war find we . as they move through the water ... they propeller literally chopping up body , to where they have to veritably shut they engine down ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) a transport carry 900 man have be hit by a torpedo . we be first to arrive at the scene ... and as the tug arrive at the scene we see a transport vessel , with a gape hole in its midship sink quickly ... fuel oil burn on the water ... ( continued ) 95 . 145 continued : 145 it 's then we see the true horror of the man in the water ... in the burn black oil ... the transport boat silently slip into the water , disappear under the sea ... 146 ext . tugboat - atlantic ocean - night , 1942 146 as the tug move through the thick black smoke ... Benjamin and the other crewmen watch along the rail ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) there be not a sound ... except for the lap of water , and the tugboat 's engine , there be not ... just the silence of death ... something else appear , dome onto the surface like a spectre ... the U - boat that have reek this havoc ... look to see the result ... Captain Mike see the sub ... capt . mike ( mad as hell ) we can not run from the fucker and we can not hide ...! there 's only one thing we can do ...! ( and he shout ) Battle station ...!!! they run to they battle station ... 147 int . pilot house , tugboat , atlantic ocean - night , 1942 147 Captain Mike at the wheel in the pilot house , turn the tug , furiously bear down on the surface submarine ... 148 ext . tugboat , atlantic ocean - night , 1942 148 a german submariner , on the con tower , see the tugboat , turn the .50 caliber machine gun on the tugboat ... Benjamin be graze by a bullet , he forehead cut open , bleed ... despite the strafing the tug be relentless ... the submarine , see it be about to be ram try to dive ... but it 's too late ... the tugboat ramming the submarine ... sever the U - Boat in half . the concussion of the collision have trigger a torpedo in the sink submarine 's torpedo shaft , the torpedo explode , burst the submarine , and in the process , blast away under the stern of the tugboat ... the man on the stern blow to piece ... Benjamin 's literally throw against the wheel house ... he manage to get to he foot , the tug list , beginning to sink ... there 's a man 's voice ... ( continued ) 96 . 148 continued : 148 and he see , Captain Mike riddled with bullet , he body cover with blood ... Benjamin bend to he ... Captain Mike tremble as he lay die ... capt . mike look at what they do ! they shot hole in I ! they shot the hell out my paintin ' ! his body , he tattoo , like a rip canvas , be riddled ... capt . mike ( cont 'd ) you have see a lot of thing . tell I it 's go to be alright . benjamin you be go to heaven Captain Mike . you be go to heaven . Benjamin sit beside he , he friend Captain Mike , die . and a light come in Captain Mike 's eye ... a understanding . capt . mike you can be mad as a mad dawg at the way thing went ... you can swear , curse the fate , regret every 'ting you ever did ... but when it come to the end ... you have to let go ... he look in Benjamin 's old eye .... capt . mike ( cont 'd ) give I a hand , old man ... and as he hold Benjamin 's hand ready to meet he maker ... 149 ext . tugboat , atlantic ocean - late afternoon , 1942 149 there be two destroyer and a hospital ship in the battle zone flow ... plane circle ... the water still speckle with debris , and body ... 150 ext . a LIBERTY ship , the NORTH atlantic - dusk , 1942 150 we see Benjamin at the railing of a Liberty ship . . he watch the " chelsea " sink , disappear under the sea ... ( continued ) 97 . 150 continued : 150 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) 736 man die that day ... I say my goodby to the Cherokee , Dennis Smith , John Grimm who be right , he be go to die there ... I send pleasant curtis ' wife he money ... I say goodbye to the twin , Vic brody ... he instinctively turn , and see Rick brody look out a porthole , lose without he twin brother ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and to Mike Clark ... Captain of the tugboat " chelsea . " a storage cabinet be open , a sailor take out a wreath , from a supply of just such wreath ... benjamin you mind ... the sailor shrug , give he the wreath ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I say goodbye to all the other man ... who have dream of they own ... all the man who want to be plumber or singer or insurance salesmen or doctor ... or lawyer or indian chief . and suddenly , angrily , he throw the wreath into the water ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) out here , death do not seem normal . Benjamin stand at the rail of the ship ... no longer a boy ... and a sailor stand beside he .... the sailor this do not get fix ... Benjamin 's quiet . when suddenly a hummingbird come fly across the water ... it circle the wreath , the way hummingbird do ... and then fly off ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ... I would never see a hummingbird that far out to sea before ... ( continued ) 98 . 150 continued : ( 2 ) 150 and as Benjamin stand at the railing , look at the sea ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) in the spring of 1945 .... when I be 26 year old ... I go home ... 151 ext . the nolan house , new orlean - twilight , 1945 151 we see Benjamin , suitcase in hand , go up the walk to the old house . we be strike by the difference ... the old man who have leave to see the world have return a strikingly handsome man in he fifty . the old blind dog , smell ham , amble off the porch to meet he . nothing seem to have change . a old woman we do not know be rock on the porch . a black girl , just 14 ... be hang out wash ... benjamin be you mother home ? the girl she 's gettin ' supper ready .... he go up the porch , inside .... 152 int . the nolan house , new orlean - twilight , 1945 152 some old folk be in the front room ... nobody we know ... he move by they into the kitchen ... the stovetop smoking and gurgle ... he go into the dining room ... queenie be busy set the table ... he watch she for a moment ... benjamin ( quietly ) queenie ... she turn , see he ... she drop a plate ... queenie Lord have mercy .... you be home ... she run to embrace he ... we see she 's age ... the eight year he 's be go ... and the 25 year or so since we have know she ... now in she fifty ... the girl be ( v.0 . ) ( ask ) who be that mama ? the girl come inside ... curious ... ( continued ) 99 . 152 continued : 152 queenie you brother , Benjamin ... the girl I do not know he be my brother . queenie ( laugh ) there 's a shit load of thing you do not know ... but she interest be in Benjamin .... queenie ( cont 'd ) ( study he ) you look like you have be bear again ... you be young than the springtime ... I think that preacher laid the hand on you bring you a second life ... I know the moment I see you -- you be special ... every night I get on my knee ask the good Lord to bring you back safely . remember what I tell you ...? benjamin you never know what 's comin ' for you . and they both share a good laugh at she homily ... glad to be together once again . queenie do you learn anything worth repeat ? benjamin I see a lot of thing . she touch the scar , from the bullet , on he forehead . queenie you see some pain . he nod . queenie ( cont 'd ) some joy too ? he nod , that too . and she hold he again . ( continued ) 100 . 152 continued : ( 2 ) 152 benjamin where 's tizzy ? queenie Mr. weather die in he sleep one night last April . he 's sleep comfortably now in the cemetery on St. James street , God rest he soul ... benjamin I be so sorry ... she turn from he so as not to cry .... queenie there 's only one or two of they leave now ... they all just about new ... waitin ' they turn like everybody else ... I be so glad to have I you back . now we get to find you some proper work and get you marry right ... and as she go about readying the table for dinner , hum to herself ... 153 ext . porch , nolan house - evening , 1945 153 Benjamin sit with a row of oldster . and feel out of place , out of time , he get up and go inside . 154 int . parlor , nolan house - night , later , 1945 154 we see Benjamin play the piano in the parlor , the particular tune the woman have teach he ... a old man sit nearby , seemingly listen ... queenie , look in ... queenie you be waste you time ... he 's stone deaf ... you will be stay in what be Mrs. deseroux 's room now , you be too much of a man to stay in the attic anymore . she go about she business ... and as Benjamin go back to play the piano for the deaf man ... play for himself ... 155 int . the parlor , nolan house - night , 1945 155 we see Mr. daw , much older now , asleep in a easy chair . ( continued ) 101 . 155 continued : 155 Benjamin stand at the familiar window , listen to the silence of the house ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) it 's a funny thing about come home . smell the same . look the same . feel the same . Mr. daw awaken . see Benjamin . as if he never leave . mr. daw do I ever tell you I have be strike by lightning seven time . once I be sit in my truck listen to the radio . and we see just that Mr. daw sit in he truck get belt by lightning . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) you realize what 's change , be you ... while Benjamin stand lock out the window : benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and one evening , not long after I have be back ... 156 int . the nolan house - early one evening , 1945 156 we see Benjamin , come down the stair . he happen to glance out a casement window ... he slow ... he can just see part of a taxi come to stop at the gate . he move to the next landing ... where he can see a figure be get out of the cab ... the figure of a young woman , wear a beret , a dark coat and lace up boot ... she stride through the gate ... it take we a moment to recognize she ... the leggy thirteen year old girl be go ... replace by a confident woman in she early twenty ... with she red hair and she blue eye she could be no one else but daisy . Benjamin follow she progress , move through the parlor , watch she out the screen window ... she move gracefully past the porch with its swing ... the unnamed woman 's old dog , smell she , come to greet she ... Daisy go around to the back of the house ... Benjamin move to the back door , and just as Daisy start to knock ... Benjamin open it ... momentarily startle , she do not recognize he .... and ask ... ( continued ) 102 . 156 continued : 156 daisy oh , excuse I ... be queenie here ...? benjamin Daisy ... it 's I , Benjamin . she hardly can believe she eye ... daisy Benjamin ... oh my God it 's you ... of course it 's you ... they embrace , and there 's a moment when the touch be not just of old friend , but something different ... and they both , in that moment recognize that thing will never be the same ... Daisy , over-hugge he ... the way young people do ... daisy ( cont 'd ) Benjamin , how be you ? it 's be such a long time ... there 's so much I want to know ... when do you come back ? benjamin just a few week ago ... daisy I speak to queenie ... she tell I you be in the war ... somewhere at sea ... I be so worried about you ... benjamin ( simply ) I be okay . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) when I have leave she be a girl ... and a woman have take she place ... benjamin I can not get over you -- you be so lovely ... daisy you stop write . benjamin I feel terrible about it ... ( smile ) ( more ) ( continued ) 103 . 156 continued : ( 2 ) 156 benjamin ( cont 'd ) now that I see you I feel even worse ... look at you ... Daisy fuller ... 157 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 157 Daisy 's still . she touch she old face . daisy ... beautiful . caroline he say , " the most beautiful , " mother . daisy what else do he say about ... caroline he say ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " ... everything , in that moment , have change between we ... " 158 int . back stair , nolan house - twilight , 1945 158 Benjamin and Daisy go up the back stair ... daisy I can not get over you be home ... I have be plan to come by for awhile ... my grandmother , you remember grandma fuller ... of course you remember she ... she pass away ... benjamin I hear that ... I be sorry ... daisy I have be want to get some of she thing ... ... they go into she grandmother 's room ... 159 int . grandma fuller' room - twilight , 1945 159 her grandmother 's thing be in box neatly stack in a corner , wait to be take away ... Daisy start to go through they ... Benjamin give she a hand ... as they go through thing ... ( continued ) 104 . 159 continued : 159 daisy I can not believe I open the door , and you be actually stand there ... it must be fate ... what do they call it , " kismet " ? I read a book about a man name Edgar cayce , a psychic , everything be predetermine ... I like to think it 's fate . what do you think , Benjamin ? benjamin I do not know how it work , but I be sure glad it happen ... they inadvertently touch ... the electricity of friction ... both aware of the closeness ... they move ever so slightly apart ... daisy ( nervously ) have you be to New York ...? it 's just across the bridge from I ... I can actually see the Empire State Building if I stand on my bed ... where have you be ? tell I everything . the last time you write you say you be in Russia ? I always want to go to Russia ... be it as cold as they say ...? you write you meet somebody ... do it work out ...? benjamin ( hold out ) remember this ? he 's come upon the book she grandmother have read to they , rudyard kipling 's " just so . " she sit on the bed ... Benjamin sit beside she ... the two shoulder to shoulder ... Daisy look through the book ... and read .... daisy ... this be the picture of Old man kangaroo at five in the afternoon ... " she look at he . ( continued ) 105 . 159 continued : ( 2 ) 159 daisy ( cont 'd ) you do not look like a old man anymore ... you always say you be different ... I think you must be ... he do not say anything . the two of they sit with they back to we like the old friend they be ... they touch ... acutely aware of they proximity and before it can go any further ... benjamin be you hungry ? would you like to get something to eat ? daisy I would love that ... and the moment 's go ... 160 ext . a new orlean STREET - night 160 ... and we see a taxi door be open in slow motion ... and Daisy , dress for the night , glide out ... a man help she ... and we see Benjamin a step behind get out of the car ... dress to the nine ... hair slicked , elegant ... but nonetheless , a step behind ... and we hear Daisy 's voice , from somewhere else ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) ... I dance for a man name ballenchine ... he 's a famous choreographer . he say I have a perfect line . they ask ballenchine to describe what he do . he say , " I be a carpenter . " be not that amazing ? in one of he rehearsals a dancer fall . he put it into the production . can you imagine that in a classical ballet ? a dancer intentionally fall ? he be not the only one , agnes demille , lincoln kirstein , Richard pleasant , Lucia chase ... there 's a whole new word for dance now , it 's call abstract ... " the door to the restaurant hold open for Daisy ... another man show she inside ... Benjamin forget for the slight of moment at the door ... go after she . 106 . 161 int . new orlean restaurant - night , 1945 161 a crowded New Orleans restaurant . Daisy as a maitre d in slow motion be show she to a table ... men' , and even women' , eye follow she ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) ... they have tear up all the convention ... the straight up and down style , all the thing that bound dancer ... it 's not about the formality of the dance ... the classical structure ... it 's about what the dancer 's feel ... there be no rule ; the movement can be tense or relaxed , abrupt or flow , carefree or somber , it may suggest love or hate , attraction or repulsion . the unexpected shift of weight or energy -- not just to shock but to reinvent tradition ... put the familiar form to new and unexpected use . it 's so basic just you alone with you body ... they reach a table ... a chair in slow motion sweep out for she to sit ... another man in slow motion put a napkin in she lap ... daisy ( v.o ) they understand America 's vigor and physicality -- they understand the freshness of the american people at they most modern , at they best . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) and she tell I about this world that she be so attract to ... name that do not mean a thing to I ... I do not really hear very much of what she be say . we watch they at the table ... Benjamin listen , appreciate she ... she face aglow with the intensity and the passion of youth ... caviar be bring over ... vodka ... she screw up she mouth not want to eat ... we can sense he 's tell she , what he 's learn from Elizabeth abbott , how to savor it ... he feed she a spoonful ... they drink the vodka wash it down ... she laugh , delighted ... and we now hear what she be say ... ( continued ) 107 . 161 continued : 161 daisy ( realize ) oh my god , I have be just talk about myself ... benjamin I be enjoy listen ... she take out a cigarette ... he instinctively look for match , a man get there first , lighting she cigarette for she ... he watch the smoke curl around she ... appreciate she ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) I do not know you smoke ... daisy I be old enough . I `m old enough for a lot of thing .... benjamin yes you be ... 162 ext . a new orlean park - night 162 we see Benjamin and Daisy , they silhouettes walk through the park ... she put she arm around he shoulder ... be close to he ... daisy I have to go back tomorrow ... I wish I could stay ... they reach a gazebo ... not a soul around ... they stand for a moment in the silence ... daisy ( cont 'd ) in New York we stay up all night ... I eat breakfast in a diner on Houston with red booth and watch the sun come up over the building ... there 's always something to do ... which be in stark contrast to Benjamin 's life ... Daisy , take off she shoe ... daisy ( cont 'd ) dancer ... do not need costume or scenery . and show he what she 's be tell he about , she do a dance for he ... ( continued ) 108 . 162 continued : 162 daisy ( cont 'd ) I could imagine dance completely naked ... Daisy , dance for he ... while she dance ... daisy ( cont 'd ) have you read " d.h. lawrence , " he book be ban ... the word be like make love .... he stand , hand in he pocket appreciate she ... she move closer to he ... she come next to he and she kiss he ... and when he do not respond ... she try a different tact ... daisy ( cont 'd ) in we group ... you have to trust people ... not be afraid ... sex ... be a big part of it ... a lot of the dancer ... be lesbian ... a woman want I to sleep with she .... he 's quiet . daisy ( cont 'd ) do that upset you ? benjamin which part ? daisy that someone want to sleep with I . benjamin people should want to sleep with you ... you be very desirable ... daisy let 's go back to the house ... or get a room somewhere ... we can put down you coat ... she take he hand , as if to lead he to the dark of the park ... there 's nothing he would like more ... but ... benjamin it 's not that I do not want to ... I just can not ... not tonight .... its just not ... ( continued ) 109 . 162 continued : ( 2 ) 162 daisy I be old enough . and despite how available she be , how desirable she be ... benjamin go back to New York , Daisy ... be with the people you be so fond of ... you can only be young once ... daisy do you think you be too old for I ... I have be with older man ... and when he still do not respond ... Daisy , reject , take up she shoe ... and she start off ... Benjamin come beside she ... but they be not really walk together anymore ... and the time for they , this time , have go away ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) you only get so many chance to be with someone ... I let she go ... and I miss it ... 163 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 163 Daisy , catch in the distant time ... daisy you look so handsome in that suit ... you hair ... a nurse look in ... the nurse they be sayin ' the hurricane 's go to miss we ... blow right on by ... caroline oh , that 's great . the nurse go off down the hall , she voice tell people the good news ... ( continued ) 110 . 163 continued : 163 caroline ( cont 'd ) be not that good news , mother ? but Daisy be in still another place and another time ... daisy good news ? caroline the hurricane . it be go to miss we . daisy I will just stay under the blanket with my mother . she say nothing would happen to I . she look at the book . daisy ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ? caroline would you like I to keep read ? Daisy nod . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( after a beat ) he say , " thing be become different for I ... " 164 int . benjamin be room , nolan house - night , 1945 164 Benjamin lie on he bed , he glass on , read ... " d.h. lawrence " ... we see he 's squinting ... we see he point of view , the print , be blurred ... he take off the glass , look at the print ... and it 's clear as a bell ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) I do not need glass anymore ... and we see Benjamin , naked , stand in front of a full length mirror , look at himself , study himself .... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) my hair have very little gray and grow like weed ... ( more ) ( continued ) 111 . 164 continued : 164 benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) my sense of smell be keener ... my hearing more acute ... I could walk further and faster ... he can see outside a ambulance have arrive ... to take away another of the old people ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) while everybody else be aging ... I be get young ... all alone ... and as he quietly look at himself ... there 's a knock on the door .. a man be ( v.0 . ) Benjamin ... he put something on , and open the door . and as if to underscore what he 's just say , he see thomas button in he fifty himself now , lean on crutch , he foot bandage , stand in the doorway ... thomas button hello , Benjamin ... do you remember I ? benjamin of course , Mr. button ... what happen to you ? thomas button my foot be infect ... I be afraid they have to remove it ... ( beat , without irony ) welcome home , my friend . 165 int . delmonico's steak house , new orlean - night , 1945 165 the bar and restaurant crowded with man , many with various kind of handicaps from the war , drink away they demon ... and we see Benjamin and Thomas sit at a table ... thick steak , baked potato , drink at they elbow ... benjamin you be still drink sazerac with whiskey instead of brandy . thomas button I be a man of habit . ( continued ) 112 . 165 continued : 165 benjamin ( smile ) be you still visit the house on bourbon street ? thomas button ( smile ) not for a long time . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) I tell he about my life ... about my time at war ... and he tell I how he have devote he business to make button for the war effort ... thomas button the war have be kind to the button industry ... we have go from make forty thousand button a day to make two hundred and fifty thousand ... we employ ten time the number of worker ... we be operate around the clock ... and he quiet ... the sound of the busy restaurant ... and after some moment Thomas tell he ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) I do not know how much longer I have to live ... benjamin I be sorry to hear that , Mr. button . and it seem like he be about to tell Benjamin the entire truth ... but he can not bring himself and instead ... thomas button I do not have any people . I keep to myself . I -- I be frighten . I hope you will not mind ... but whenever it 's possible ... I would enjoy you company ... benjamin I will do what I can , Mr. button . they quietly eat . ( continued ) 113 . 165 continued : ( 2 ) 165 thomas button ( after a beat ) tell I Benjamin , do you know anything about button ? benjamin just what hold my shirt on . 166 ext . button factory , new orlean - night , 1945 166 a old brick building with a painting on its side of a woman sewing on a button ... " button 's button . " a driver wait outside of a " town car " . 167 int . button factory , new orlean - night , 1945 167 we see Thomas unlock a door . thomas button ( have be tell he ) ... come from the french , " bouton , " meaning a bud , or any round object ... they come into a corridor . Thomas unlock another door . thomas button ( cont 'd ) they be originally decorative , jewelry sewn on clothing ... 168 int . work floor , button factory - new orlean - night 168 they walk through the quiet factory ... thomas button the practice of buttone originate in the 13th century ... when baggy clothing be replace with more form -fitting clothes ... Thomas , on he crutch ... past the line of work bench ... mannequin in uniform of the armed service ... with they various gold and silver button ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) button 's button have be in we family for one hundred and twenty - four year . my grandfather be a tailor . he have a small shop in Richmond . after the Civil War he come to New Orleans . ( more ) ( continued ) 114 . 168 continued : 168 thomas button ( cont 'd ) my father see the wisdom of make we own button . the tailor shop grow to this ... and today ... ( a smile ) I can not sew a stitch . Benjamin be interested , but the obvious question be ... benjamin it 's all very interesting . but what do you want from I ? thomas button I say , we family have be in the business for a hundred and twenty - four year . benjamin we family ? and it 's as if he have open a flood gate ... thomas button you be my family . Benjamin , you be my son . and tear run down he anguish face ... Benjamin 's still ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry not to have tell you before ... Benjamin have not move . the word ring in he ear . thomas button ( cont 'd ) you be bear the night the great war end ... you mother die give birth to you ... I think ... I think you be a monster ... I leave you on the back step of a house ... I promise you mother I would make sure you be safe ... I should never have abandon you ... Benjamin 's dead quiet ... he look at this man , he father ... benjamin my mother ? 115 . 169 int . the button house , the garden district - night , 1945 169 we see Benjamin and Thomas in a hallway lead to the kitchen of the large house ... the hallway fill with : photograph of the button family . Thomas point out relative ... family photograph ... thomas button ... a great uncle , from Germany . ( and a group picture ) all of the man in the family at the Lake House ... ( notice the date on it ) 1915 , three year before you be bear . a photograph of a old man sit in a wooden deck chair on the dock of a lake . thomas button ( cont 'd ) you grandfather at the summer house on Lake pontchartrain . when I be a boy I would love to wake up before anybody else and run down to the lake to watch the day begin . it be as if I be the only one alive . and they have come to a young woman 's photograph ... who could only be Benjamin 's mother . he stop ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) I fall in love with she the first time I see she . ( beat ) you mother 's name be caroline Murphy . she be 20 . she work in you grandfather 's kitchen ... she be from Dublin ... her father , you maternal grandfather , be a chimney sweep ... he die in the flu epidemic of 1900 ... caroline come with she mother , two sister , and four brother in 1903 to live in New Orleans . they stop at the kitchen door . thomas button ( cont 'd ) I would find reason to go to the kitchen ... just to look at she ... ( continued ) 116 . 169 continued : 169 he do just that ... look through the round window into the empty kitchen ... as if she be there that year ago ... as if she be still there ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) the happiest day of my life be April 25th , 1918 the day I marry you mother . they move along the hallway ... Benjamin look at the photograph ... he blodline ... after some moment : benjamin why do not you tell I ? thomas button I make a mistake . Benjamin look at he . thomas button ( cont 'd ) come and take you rightful place ... with you family ... with I ... when Benjamin do not say anything ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) we can catch up for all the lose time ... and when he still do not answer ... thomas button ( cont 'd ) I be plan on leave everything I have to you ... his " bribe " strike a nerve . benjamin I better go . thomas button where be you go ? benjamin Home . Benjamin turn he back and walk out . 117 . 170 int . queenie' room - night , 1946 170 Benjamin stand by the door , queenie sit up in she bed ... queenie ( unforgive , angrily ) he 's what ?! all that year he 's creep around here , and never tell we who he be ?!! I think he be just queer or something ' comin ' around here ... always askin ' for you ... he leave we $ 18 that night you be find ... eighteen ratty ass dollar and a dirty diaper ...! now he want to be you father ? he want you to sit at he side ...! he want you forgiveness ! I will not ever forgive he for any of it ... God 's the only one that can forgive he ! ( finish ) now I get to get up early with Mrs. Hamilton ... or she gonna drow ... ( but not finish ) ... he think he can just show up , and everything gonna be fine and dandy , everybody gonna be friend ... he get another thing come ... and with that she turn over , to go back to sleep , Benjamin quietly leave the room . 171 int . the nolan house - back stair , hallway - night 171 he climb the back stair to he room , as if he 's carry a terrible burden ... as he come onto the hallway , Mr. daw be sit on a bench in the hall ... see Benjamin ... mr. daw do I ever tell you I be strike by lightning seven different time . once , I be walk my dog along a country road . and we see just that , when suddenly he 's strike by lightning . the dog , unharme , lick he face . ( continued ) 118. 171 continued : 171 mr. daw ( cont 'd ) I be blind in the one eye ... I can not hardly hear ... I get twitches and shake out of nowhere ... I lose my line of think ... but you know what ... God , for some reason , keep on send I a wake - up ... it 's his way of remind I I be lucky to be alive ... ( a beat , sniff the air ) Storm 's comin ' . and get up and pad off into he room . Benjamin , leave in the hallway ... he go over to look out the window , like the boy we remember look out at the street light ... the street ... 172 ext . thomas buttone house - middle of the night 172 we see Benjamin be let in by a butler into the fashionable home . 173 int . thomas buttone house - middle of the night 173 Benjamin in the dark hallway , quietly walk among the photograph of " he " family . he go up the staircase . he go to he father 's room . he quietly open the door . the room 's dark , he father asleep . he go to he father 's bed . his father 's frail figure . benjamin ( whisper ) Thomas ... Thomas awaken ... see Benjamin ... 174 ext . thomas buttone house - middle of the night 174 we see Benjamin wheeling he father in a wheelchair out of the house ... and ... 175 ext . lake pontchartrain , louisiana - sunrise 175 the endless lake . and we see Mr. button 's chauffeure car drive along the lake . 176 ext . the button summer home , lake pontchartrain - sunrise 176 the car 's stop at a chain across the driveway of a old summer home . Benjamin help to put Thomas into he wheelchair . he wheel he up the long drive to the house . ( continued ) 119 . 176 continued : 176 all close up . shutter . there be step that lead down to the lake . he start to wheel he father down the step . the step be too steep for the wheelchair . Benjamin reach , pick he father up out of the chair . he carry he down the step , but that too be arduous ... and he put he father on he back ... his father hold onto he son , as Benjamin carry he on he back down the step to the dock . there 's a old wooden deck chair . he help he father sit in the chair . and as he father sit for the last time , watch the lake ... thomas button thank you , Benjamin . Benjamin sit at a distance behind he ... both of they watch the day begin ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) you can be mad as a mad dog at the way thing go ... you can swear , curse the fate , regret everything you ever do ... but when it come to the end ... you have to let go ... and as he father shut he eye , sit in the sun . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I bury he in the button family plot . 177 ext . a old cemetery , new orlean - day , 1946 177 we see Benjamin stand at he father 's gravesite in the family plot , with ornate headstone ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I have a tailor sew onto he best coat -- a button for every year of he life .... fifty - five of they ... all different , pearl and silver , brass and wood ... in case he lose one along the way ... and as he stand at the gravesite ... he hear something . queenie have come to be with he ... to comfort he ... queenie ( why she 's here ) do not you suffer alone for it . she take he arm , always there for he . ( continued ) 120 . 177 continued : 177 queenie ( cont 'd ) ( look around ) it 's a beautiful cemetery ... and bury here right next to you mother . benjamin ( look at she ) his wife . and as they stand at the gravesite ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) I go to pay a visit to the button factory . 178 int . button factory , new orlean - day , 1946 178 we see Benjamin with a elderly woman , ms . sanderson , stand at the railing of a mezzanine above the factory work floor ... look down upon the worker , exclusively woman , and exclusively white woman , make button ... the woman , see he , look up , and there 's a sudden hush ... benjamin my name be Benjamin , Benjamin ... ( for the first time ) button ... they stare up at he ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) as you know , my father ... it still sound strange to he . benjamin ( cont 'd ) ... my father , Thomas button ... recently pass ... after a moment : benjamin ( cont 'd ) he ask that I take over the day to day operation of button 's button . they silently stare up at he .... benjamin ( cont 'd ) well , I do not know the first thing about button ... and I do not know a thing about business ... ( more ) ( continued ) 121. 178 continued : 178 benjamin ( cont 'd ) ( after a beat ) button 's button have be in my father 's family for over 100 year . it could not have survive without people like you . my father ask I to tell you how much he appreciate the hard work you put in for he and he company for so many year . Dead still ... and after a moment ; benjamin ( cont 'd ) I have decide that all of you -- he loyal employee , will have a share , depend on you length of employment , in the ownership of this factory , he legacy . one of the women we be the owner now ? benjamin that 's about it . they be literally dumbfounded . benjamin ( cont 'd ) Mrs. sanderson will explain how everything work and will answer any of you question ... and with that he turn , walk away ... have " give away the store " ... the worker in disbelief look up at he ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and I go to New York . 179 ext . new york CITY -- night , 1947 179 we see a cab pull up and Benjamin , in a nice suit , flower in hand , daisy , get out , hurry into the majestic theater , the marquee tell we " carousel , " be perform . 180 int . the majestic theater , NYC - night , 1947 180 Benjamin , come in late , be show to he seat . and we see the production of rodger and hammerstein 's musical " carousel , " with mielziner 's seminal stage design , as choreograph by agnes De mille ... and we see the dancer be Daisy ... dance with the man of she dream , the " bad boy " carnival barker ... while Benjamin watch she . 122. 181 int . backstage , the majestic theater - NYC - night , 1947 181 we see Benjamin , flower in hand , make he way through a crowded backstage corridor fill with friend and well - wisher give cast member congratulation . he come to the door ... to the attention of a stagehand ... benjamin I be a friend of Daisy 's ... the man matter - of - factly open the door ... a dress room crowded with dancer change out of they costume ... he call out ... the man Daisy have company ... we can hear Daisy 's name be say ... Benjamin wait ... he see Daisy , in a robe , come through the room .... daisy somebody 's look for I ?... ... and she see it 's Benjamin . and rather than excited to see he ... she 's startle he 's there ... and not altogether pleased about he show up ... daisy ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ... what be you do here ? and he realize , as most of we have in one love affair or another , whatever he expectation may have be , he fantasy , be not the reality ... benjamin I think I would come visit ... spend some time with you if I could ... daisy I wish you would have call ... you catch I by surprise . he give she the flower , the daisy . benjamin I could not take my eye off of you ... you be mesmerize ... daisy that 's so nice of you to say ... this be lovely ... thank you ... ( continued ) 123. 181 continued : 181 there 's a awkward moment ... and ... daisy ( cont 'd ) I better get change ... a group of we be go to a party ... would you like to come ...? benjamin somebody tell I about a restaurant I think you might enjoy ... I make a reservation ... just in case -- daisy ( awkwardly ) ... all the dancer go out together after the show ... you be welcome to come with we ... there will be all sort of interesting people ... let I get change . and she run back inside the dress room ... Benjamin leave to stand in the hallway .... 182 int . a new york loft - night , 1947 182 a loft elevator open deposit Benjamin and Daisy along with a bunch of people into a large loft ... crowded with she friend , dancer and show people , musician , predominantly young people , straight and gay , beatnik before there be beatnik , bohemian ... Music play ... people press together , have to shout to talk ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and I meet she friend ... daisy I will get you a drink ... as she turn to a kitchen to get he a drink , she be startle as a young man , david , suddenly grab she , kissing she , a kiss that 's not intend to be platonic ... Daisy obviously involved with he ... but embarrassed by the intimacy in front of Benjamin and not want to hurt he feeling ... she pull awkwardly away from he ... daisy ( cont 'd ) this be my friend David ... David dance with we company too ... this be the man I have tell you about , Benjamin ... they shake hand ... Daisy , want to escape . ( continued ) 124 . 182 continued : 182 daisy ( cont 'd ) I will get you that drink . - - ... she go into the kitchen ... david you be she grandmother 's friend or something like that ...? benjamin something like that . and Daisy come back out with a drink for he ... and one of she own ... but before she can give he he drink , a woman take it from she ... and start to dance with she ... but not with she ... the way dancer do ... and many of the dancer be dance just because they feel like it ... David , come to dance with Daisy ... Benjamin stand watch Daisy dance with he ... as only dancer can ... in complete control of they body and yet totally uninhibit ... Benjamin see David kiss she ... and he jealousy get the best of he , he turn and leave ... 183 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 183 Daisy in she turban ... listen to caroline read .. daisy ( whisper ) I know I would hurt you ... maybe I intend to ... 184 ext . new york STREET - night , 1947 184 Benjamin on he way out of the apartment come along the street . Daisy run after he ... daisy I do what you tell I to ... enjoy my life ... I be only go to be young once ... I have no idea you be come . what do you think I be go to do ...? you can not expect I to just drop everything , Benjamin ... this be my life ... and we see david and a group of she dancer friend have come outside down the way into the street ... look for cab ... ( continued ) 125 . 184 continued : 184 david ( to Daisy ) there 's a party downtown we be go to ... daisy ( conflict , to Benjamin ) why do not you come with we , Benjamin ... there will be a lot of musician , interesting people there .... you will have a good time ... benjamin I come here to tell you I make a mistake before ... a day do not go by that I do not regret it ... it 's not the way I feel ... I should have never let you go ... I come because I hope I could be with you ... david Daisy , you go to come ...? cab have pull up ... she 's tear ... between she life and some other life ... Benjamin , recognize she conflict ... benjamin do you love he ? 185 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 185 Daisy in bed ... caroline do you mother ? Daisy snap back to the reality of the room ... start to put the piece together ... 186 ext . the manhattan STREET - night , 1947 186 daisy I think so . I think I do . we see the dancer scramble get into the taxi ... benjamin ( understanding ) okay . okay ... I will see you in New Orleans ... ( continued ) 126 . 186 continued : 186 he turn to go ... she 's motionless , catch between the two world ... and we expect she to yell after he , to stop he ... but instead , she do what we all do in this moment , what feel good at the time ... she run to be with she friend ... she get into a taxi ... the cab drive by he as they leave ... Daisy turn to look out the back window ... look back at he ... he wave ... let she go ... and another chance for they be miss ... the street 's quiet . and hand in he pocket , a middle - age man go on 26 ... he walk off into the night ... 187 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 187 daisy ( remember ) he come to tell I he father have die . caroline you could not have know . daisy I be 23... I just do not care ... she 's quiet with she thought ... and , remember , she hum to herself some distant memory of music ... daisy ( cont 'd ) ... there be some photograph I think ... the zipper part of the large bag ... caroline go to the suitcase ... she come back with a manila envelope ... Daisy dump they out ... and we see they be photograph of Daisy dance at the height of she ability ... caroline I have never see this ... you never talk about you dance very much ... Daisy look at the photograph ... daisy I be as good as I be ever go to be . for five year ... I dance everywhere ... London , Prague , Vienna , and I be the only american invite to dance with the bolshoi ... it be glorious ... 127 . 188 ext . moscow STREET - night , 1952 188 and we see Daisy , five year older , she arm inside a tall young blond Russian dancer 's , anitoly , crossing a snowy street in Moscow ... daisy ( v.o. ) but Benjamin be never far from my thought ... 189 int . moscow apartment - night , 1952 189 Daisy in bed , the young Russian dancer anitoly lie beside she , asleep ... Daisy , look off ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) I would find myself say ... daisy goodnight , Benjamin ... 190 int . benjamin be room , nolan house - night , 1952 190 we see Benjamin in bed , turn off the light ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) I would find myself say ... ( a beat , say ) goodnight , Daisy . and as they both lie in they bed ... think of the other ... 191 int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , the present 191 daisy what do he say ? carol " life be not very complicated ... " 192 ext . the bayou , louisiana - day 192 we see Benjamin on tizzy 's old motorcycle riding along the backroad of the endless swamp know as the bayou - benjamin button be ( v.o. ) if you want you could say I be look for something ... as he ride away ... ( continued ) 128. 192 continued : 192 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) life go on as usual . 193 ext . the nolan house - a early evening , 1954 193 Benjamin in work clothes on a ladder , painting some old window shutter ... queenie open the window ... to tell he ... queenie Mrs. La tourneau just pass away . Benjamin nod . queenie shut the window . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) until one day ... a Messenger on a bicycle ride up ... a western union messenger I have a telegram for Mr. Benjamin button ... benjamin that would be I .... he come down the ladder . the Messenger give he the telegram and get he tip , ride off , Benjamin open the telegram . 194 ext . a STREET in paris , FRANCE - day , 1954 194 we see Benjamin , carry a suitcase , run along a street in Paris ... look for a address ... he stop , in front of a old hospital ... run up the stair ... 195 int . a hospital , paris , FRANCE - day , 1954 195 Benjamin cross a old tile floor to a reception desk ... he ask for Daisy ... a woman call up for he ... the woman it will just be a minute ... please have a seat ... Benjamin sit in the wait room . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) sometimes we be on a collision course and we just do not know it ... whether it 's by accident or by design , there 's not a thing we can do about it ... ( more ) ( continued ) 129 . 195 continued : 195 benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) a woman in Paris be on she way to go shopping ... and we will see just what he be describe ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but she have forget she coat ... and go back to get it ... and when she have get she coat the phone have rung ... and so she have stop to answer it ... and talk for a couple of minute ... and we see just that , .. benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and while the woman be on the phone ; Daisy be rehearse for that evening 's performance at the Paris Opera House ... and we see Daisy , in she late twenty now , at the peak of she ability , rehearse for that evening 's performance ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and while she be rehearse ... the woman , off the phone now ... have go outside ... to get a taxi ... the woman stand in the street , hand raise , look for a taxi . a cab come to a stop .... she move to get it ... but somebody get there first ... the cab drive off ... and as she wait for the next cab ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) now a taxi driver ... have drop off a fare earlier ... and have stop to get a cup of coffee ... a taxi park ... its Driver finish a cup of coffee ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and all the while Daisy be rehearse ... and we see just that ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and the cab driver who have drop off the earlier fare , and have stop to get the cup of coffee ... ( more ) ( continued ) 130 . 195 continued : ( 2 ) 195 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) have pick up the lady , who be go shopping ... who have miss get the earlier cab ... we see the woman riding in the taxi of the now familiar cab driver ... the taxi , have to stop for a man run across the Street . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the taxi have to stop for a man crossing the street who have leave for work five minute later than he normally do ... because he forget to set he alarm ... we see the man sleep ... the silent alarm clock on the bedstand ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... while the man , late for work , be crossing the street ... make the cab wait ... Daisy , finish rehearse , be take a shower . and we see ... Daisy shower , .. benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... while Daisy be shower ; the taxi be wait outside a boutique for the woman to pick up a package ... which have not be wrap yet because the girl who be suppose to wrap it ... have break up with she boyfriend the night before and forget to ... the girl stand outside the back of the boutique , cry , brokenhearted ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) when the package be do be wrap ... the woman , who be back in the cab ... the taxi be block by a delivery truck ... we see the taxi block by a delivery truck ... the cab driver honk ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all the while Daisy be get dress ... Daisy get dress ... ( continued ) 131 . 195 continued : ( 3 ) 195 benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the Delivery truck pull off and the taxi be able to go ... the taxi , move off ... benjamin button be ( v.0 , ) ( cont 'd ) while Daisy , the first to be dress , wait for one of she friend who have break a shoelace ... we see she friend break she shoelace while tie it ... benjamin buttun' ( v.0 . ) while the taxi be stop , wait for a traffic light ... we see just that , the taxi stop for a light . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) Daisy and she friend come out of the theater ... Daisy and she friend , carry they dance bag , come down the step out of the theater , come along the street to the corner ... they start to cross the street ... Daisy , show she friend a tight pirouette , when we see the taxi , round the corner ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and if only one thing have happen differently ... if only the shoelace have not break ... and we see the shoelace not break ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ... or the delivery truck have move moment earlier ... the delivery truck leave earlier ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ... or the package have be wrap and ready ... because the girl have not break up with she boyfriend ... the girl and boy happily kissing ... ( continued ) 132 . 195 continued : ( 4 ) 195 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... or the man have set he alarm and get up five minute earlier . the man 's alarm go off , waking he up ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... or the taxi driver have not stop for a cup of coffee ... the Driver pass by the cafe ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... or the woman have remember she coat ... the woman remember to take she coat ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... and have get into a earlier cab ... the woman get into the other cab ... she beat somebody for ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Daisy and she friend would have cross the street ... Daisy and she friend crossing the street ... Daisy , show she friend she dance move , do a pirouette ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... and the taxi would have drive by they ... and we see the taxi turn the corner , drive safely by they ... and become a ghost ... of what might have be ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but life be what it be ... a series of intersect life and incident ... out of anyone 's control ... the taxi do not go by ... and the driver momentarily be distract ... the Driver wipe cigarette ash from he shirt front momentarily look down ... ( continued ) 133. 195 continued : ( 5 ) 195 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and he do not see Daisy crossing the street ... Daisy and she friend crossing the Street , Daisy do the pirouette ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... and that taxi hit Daisy ... and we see just that ... Daisy be slam into by the taxi ... throw a distance ... lie crumpled in the Street ... 196 int . a hospital room , paris , FRANCE - day , 1954 196 we see Benjamin come into the hospital room in France ... Daisy , fully immobilize , lie in a hospital bed ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and she leg be crush ... she 's still , she eye close . sense he , she stir . and then she see he . benjamin hello , Daisy ... daisy who tell you ? benjamin you friend wire I . daisy that be very kind of you ... to come all the way here , to see that I be alright . benjamin you would have do the same for I ... and she first reaction , to how young he be ... daisy my God , look at you . you be perfect .... which she be not ... she 's quiet , and she suddenly say : ( continued ) 134 . 196 continued : 196 daisy ( cont 'd ) I wish you have not . I wish you have not come here . he 's dead still . daisy ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to see I like this ... she turn over ... as if she do not see he he would not be there ... before he can say anything ... a nurse come in say something in french ... she pull the curtain around the bed ... Benjamin wait ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) her leg have be break in five place .... and with therapy , and time , she might be able to stand ... maybe even walk ... the nurse leave ... Benjamin come into the circle of curtain ... it 's reminiscent of when they sit under the table ... the sheet over they ... in they private world ... but this time she lay in the hospital bed she back to he ... benjamin I will get a room ... and once you can leave you will come home with I to New Orleans . where you can be with people who love you . she suddenly turn ... daisy what home ? who 's we ? I be not go back to New Orleans . New Orleans be you home ... I do not have a home ... I have not be home for five year ... I be not go anywhere with you ... benjamin alright , I will stay here in Paris ... I will help you with anything you need ... daisy Benjamin ...! I know I be feel sorry for myself ... but it be not suppose to be like this ... ( more ) ( continued ) 135 . 196 continued : ( 2 ) 196 daisy ( cont 'd ) do you understand , I do not want to be with you ... I try to tell you that in New York ... you just do not listen ... benjamin you will change you mind . daisy we be not little child play under the table ... remember , when you come to New York . you do not belong there . I do not want to be with you then , I do not want to be with you now ! I want you to leave ! I be not go anywhere with you ! I want you to stay out of my life ! and she turn away from he again ... it 's dead still ... and we look at she stare at the curtain ... and after some moment she turn back to look at Benjamin ... and there be just the curtain billow in the breeze ... Benjamin be go ... 197 int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , present 197 daisy I be awfully cruel . he do not understand . I could not have he see I that way ... she wait for Benjamin 's response ... caroline ( read ) " I do not leave right away ... " daisy ( reacting ) no ? benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " I stay in Paris for awhile , just to look out for she ... " 197a ext . paris - day 197a Benjamin in Paris ... 197b int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , present 197b daisy I never know that . 135a . 197c ext . paris - day 197c Benjamin in Paris , " watch over she . " 197d int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , present 197d Daisy in bed ... she wince with pain ... she breathe become rag ... caroline I will get the nurse ... she go into the hall ... Daisy leave to deal with the remnant of she mortality ... the nurse come into the room ... caroline behind she ... time she pulse . the nurse let 's get you comfortable . she raise the morphine level ... straighten she cover ... she stop before she leave ... motion to caroline ... caroline go over to she . the nurse ( cont 'd ) pulse rate 's slow ... she 's get less oxygen ... you will notice she struggle to breathe ... will you be alright ? caroline nod ... the nurse give she a compassionate look and leave ... caroline stand , she arm protectively across she chest , watch she mother ... Daisy hum the particular ragtime song that Benjamin would play on the piano ... she open she eye , as if not completely sure where she be ... tell caroline ... daisy every morning monsieur foley leave egg and bread and mile , . there 's a cafe across the street . people sit and drink and talk ... I lay on my bed think about the rest of my life ... about people ... about home ... until I fall asleep . she look at caroline as if to say , " what happen to he ...? " ( continued ) 136 . 197d continued : 197d caroline ( read ) he say , " I go back ... " but then there be a whole lot of page tear out ... she look at a loose piece of paper ... caroline ( cont 'd ) " ... I listen to the sound of the house ... " I think I already read that ... ( look ) the next thing he write ... he spill something on it ... it 's hard to read ... something about " sailing . " do that make sense ? daisy ( in she own reality ) a man would go up and clean it . try and fix what be break . 198 int . the train station , new orlean - day , 1960 198 a man up on the clock do just that . close its face . the cherubic angel push the hand on its way backwards ... " 1960 . " 199 ext . lake pontchartrain , louisiana - another day , 1960 199 we see a sailboat out on the lake ... benjamin button be I learn to sail on a old boat of my father 's from the Lake House ... and we see Benjamin , the wind in he hair , sailing a old sailboat ... and the change in he appearance be startling ... his hair be without a trace of gray ... his face with barely a wrinkle , chisele ... he be a healthy man in he 40s now ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I can not lie , I do enjoy the company of a woman or two ... 137 . 200 ext . a new orlean restaurant - night 200 Benjamin and a woman stand on the sidewalk outside a restaurant , in the middle of a ardent kiss ... as a taxi pull up ... 200a ext . a new orlean house - daybreak 200 a Benjamin at the door kissing another woman goodbye ... go home 200b int . benjamin be room , nolan house - early another 200b morning , 1960 Benjamin 's door open ... another woman , dishevel , come out of he room ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ... or maybe three ... Benjamin see she to the stair ... and as she start down the stair to leave ... we see a cluster of old people , ready for the day , look up at they ... the woman make she way awkwardly down the stair and out the door ... Benjamin give a little self conscious wave to the old timer and start back into he room ... he slow at a second story hallway window ... look outside at the walkway ... the familiar street beyond ... if we do not know any better he seem to be wait for someone to come home benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and in the spring of 1962 ... 201 ext . the STREET , by nolan house - end of the day , 1962 201 we see Benjamin riding the old motorcycle along the street on he way home ... leave the motorcycle out in front ... 202 ext . the nolan house - end of the day , 1962 202 he come to the gate , open it , come into the yard , shutting the gate behind he , go up the walkway . a Old man be on the porch , quietly rock . and queenie , for some reason be stand just outside the front door on the porch ... a apron in she hand ... she nod to Benjamin ... talk to the Old man in the rock chair ... but she seem to be watch Benjamin , as he walk around the house -- to the back door . he take off he dirty work boot , leave they on the porch . ( continued ) 138. 202 continued : 202 he hop the back step , and start to open the kitchen door , when it open ... and daisy , now 36 , but still with she unmistakable blue eye , be stand before he ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) she come back . they look at each other in silence ... and they simply smile , so glad to see each other after all the miss year ... they embrace ... for some time ... and kiss ... as people who have not see each other , and have think about each other ... for a very long time ... and it just be ... no big symphony , no endless sky ... just , two people at a kitchen door in the middle of they life ... and the simplicity , just that , be what make it real and break you heart . 203 int . the kitchen , nolan house - that night , 1962 203 a radio play ... they sit at the kitchen table , eat dinner ... the conversation mute ... they do not know really where to begin , where do they leave oft ... so they do not begin until they can .... daisy do not you want to know where I have be ? benjamin no . I do not care where you have be -- I be just happy you be back . and we see queenie have come into the kitchen ... in she nightgown now ... queenie ( pure queenie ) how come you do not write or nothin ' ? just disappear like that ? daisy it be what I need to do for myself . queenie I never take you to be selfish . I hope I be not wrong . I be not usually wrong about people . and queenie leave the kitchen ... daisy she 's still take care of you . ( continued ) 139 . 203 continued : 203 Benjamin slightly smile . they look at each other . daisy ( cont 'd ) you be not talk . you have not say more than two word to I . benjamin I do not want to ruin it ... and they sit quietly in the kitchen , look at each other , silently eat ... 204 int . back stairway - nolan house - that night , 1962 204 Benjamin carry she bag upstairs . they reach the third floor . 205 int . hallway , nolan house - 3rd floor - that night , 1962 205 all the year seem to surround they . they walk along the corridor to Daisy 's room . what be she grandmother 's room . she open the door . 206 int . the bedroom , nolan house - that night , 1962 206 he set she bag down . queenie despite she reservation have leave some clean towel on the bed for she ... there 's a inept quiet . the two of they with nothing leave to say ... and they listen to the quiet ... the house with its symphony of night noise ... benjamin goodnight . he be just at the door ... when she say ... daisy sleep with I . benjamin be you sure ? daisy yes . he turn to she . they look at each other . and they kiss , a kiss that have wait for thirty year . a kiss that have wait a lifetime . and yes , there be passion ... and need ... but most particularly , the awkwardness of people discover each other for the first time ... while he gently , tenderly , kiss she , undress she .. ( continued ) 140 . 206 continued : 206 daisy ( cont 'd ) be you sure you do not want to know ?... while they kiss and caress each other . daisy ( cont 'd ) I live in lyon ... Benjamin and Daisy undress one another , touch , kissing ... daisy ( cont 'd ) ... I learn to walk again Daisy and Benjamin , naked , passionately kissing ... daisy ( cont 'd ) ... I work in a flower shop ... they lay on the bed , kissing , caress ... daisy ( cont 'd ) ... I go to american movie a lot . they kiss more and more passionately ... and Benjamin about to make love to she hesitates ... daisy ( cont 'd ) you will not hurt I ... he kiss she scar crooked leg . kiss she body . and as they make love in the old bedroom ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) I ask she to come with I ... what follow feel like a home movie ... without any sound . 207 ext . the florida gulf coast - another day , 1963 207 and we see the small sailboat out on the gulf coast ... benjamin sutton be ( v.0 , ) we sail into the Gulf ... along the Florida coast ... 208 ext . the florida coast , a cove - day , 1963 208 Daisy and Benjamin on the sailboat at a cove on the Florida coast . they watch a rocket , soar into space from cape caniveral . ( continued ) 141 . 208 continued : 208 as they watch it roar overhead , Benjamin marvel at its power ... leave its trail across the sky ... Daisy , not so much interested , take he arm , take he back down below ... 209 ext . the caribbean , another cove - day , 1963 209 Daisy wash she hair off the side of the boat . 210 ext . the caribbean , another cove - night 210 the boat anchore . Benjamin and Daisy sit on the deck have a picnic with just a single lamp for light . 211 ext . the caribbean , another cove - night , 1963 211 the boat in still another cove . Daisy and Benjamin in the water . just they eye above the dark water look only at each other . 212 ext . the boat - caribbean - night , 1963 212 under million of star . Benjamin and Daisy make love on a blanket on the deck ... 213 ext . the caribbean , a island beach - day , 1963 213 Benjamin and Daisy asleep on a secluded beach . 214 ext . the caribbean - another day , 1963 214 the boat out on the water , Daisy sit on the deck , the wind in she hair ... Benjamin at the wheel ... threaten cloud on the horizon ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) I be so glad we do not find one another when I be 26 ... I be glad we miss ... benjamin be ( v.0 . ) why do you say that ? daisy be ( v.0 . ) it be not right ... 215 int . a caribbean HOTEL , bar - day , 1963 215 a small Caribbean hotel . we see Benjamin and Daisy sit at a table drink , talk in a nearly empty bar ... wind and rain lash the hotel ... wait out a tropical storm ... ( continued ) 142. 215 continued : 215 daisy we would not have this ... we would not be here ... it happen when it be suppose to happen ... they look at each other ... benjamin Relationships have a time and a place . daisy do not say that . benjamin what I mean be ... you do not usually get more than one chance . if you miss it , it 's too late ... and it 's go ... we be lucky ... we have more than one chance . daisy ( laugh ) that 's easy for you to say ... you will have plenty of chance . she tenderly touch he hand ... they look at each other ... and dedicate herself ... daisy ( cont 'd ) I be go to enjoy every moment I have with you ... the waiter 's come over . benjamin have you ever have a sazerac with whiskey not brandy ? daisy be ( smile ) I be with you , be not I ? I will try anything . and the wind change direction , the rain come in through the open window of the bar , get they wet ... people run for cover ... daisy Bet I can stay out here longer than you can . ( continued ) 143. 215 continued : ( 2 ) 215 benjamin Bet you can not . and as they both sit doggedly in the rain ... 216 int . HOTEL room , the caribbean HOTEL - night , 1963 216 a white hotel room ... the storm shutter close ... the wind and the rain bang at the shutter ... Daisy and Benjamin lie together on a bed out of the storm ... she touch he face as if for the first time ... daisy you barely have a line , a crease , or a wrinkle ... everyday I have more wrinkle you have less ... he touch she face . benjamin I love you wrinkle . daisy what do it feel like grow young ? benjamin I do not know ... I be always look out of my own eye ... they be quiet , just the sound of the rain and the chatter shutter ... she lay closer to he ... warmly ... she smile ... daisy will you still love I when I can not stand straight ... when my skin grow old and spot ... Benjamin laugh . daisy ( cont 'd ) will you still love I when my step get slow ... when I sleep too much ... when you have to push I in a chair ... and he answer be ... benjamin will you still love I when I have pimple . when I think it 's funny to make fart noise ... ( continued ) 144 . 216 continued : 216 she laugh ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) will you still love I when I think all girl have cooty ... will you still love I when I wet my bed at night ... will you still love I when I be afraid of thing that be not real ... they hold each other ... and Benjamin say ... from what he 's see ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) nothing last ... daisy maybe some thing last ... benjamin I have never see anything not come to a end ... daisy maybe it 's something you can not see ... and a shutter slam open ... the rain and the wind come into the room ... Benjamin get up to close it ... he come back into bed ... and Daisy , suddenly afraid ... daisy ( cont 'd ) I be cold , Benjamin ... and as he hold she in the white room with the wind and the rain try to get in , bang on the shutter ... 217 int . HOTEL room , caribbean HOTEL - later that night , 1963 217 the storm 's die down ... Benjamin and Daisy fall asleep ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and you say ... daisy goodnight , Benjamin . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) and I say ... benjamin goodnight , Daisy ... 145 . 218 int . hospital room , new orlean - day , the present 218 daisy ( that she 's stop ) caroline ? caroline ( after a beat , slightly confuse ) I do not understand . when do you meet dad ? daisy dear Robert ... some time after that ... caroline do you ever tell he about this Benjamin ? daisy he know enough . he love I as I be . I love he for who he be . what more be need ? she trail off ... she 's quiet ... and want to know what 's next , read on ... caroline " that night , in the Caribbean I have a visitor ... " 219 int . HOTEL room , caribbean HOTEL - middle of night , 1963 219 Benjamin and Daisy sleep ... the shutter quietly talk on a breeze ... when one of the shutter slam open as if somebody 's come in ... Benjamin wake up ... and he literally see queenie be sit on the side of the bed beside he ... queenie I want to tell you I love you and you mama 's go ... and she bend , sweetly kissing he ... and Benjamin roll over ... his eye come open ... Daisy sense he 's awake , awaken , murmur ... ( continued ) 146 . 219 continued : 219 daisy be anything wrong ? benjamin queenie come to tell I she love I ... and that my mother be go . daisy ... go back to sleep ... as she caress he ... fall back to sleep ... the shutter talk ... 220 ext . the nolan house , new orlean - another day , 1963 220 we see Daisy and Benjamin , with they few belonging , return home ... they go up the walkway ... Benjamin trot up the step , open the screen door and go inside ... 221 int . the nolan house , new orlean - another day , 1963 221 Benjamin come inside ... Daisy 's just behind he ... the front room be empty ... the house still ... benjamin ( call ) hello ... queenie ... we be back ... he look into the parlor ... the piano ... he go down a hallway into the kitchen ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) queenie ...? mama ? nobody ... he go down the hall look in queenie 's small room under the stair ... nobody 's there ... he move back into the front room ... call ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) hello ... anybody here ? when finally a old woman , who 's be sleep , come out of she bedroom ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) it 's Benjamin , Mrs. Carter ... where be everybody ? the old woman Benjamin ... you mother die . 147 . 222 int . a black baptist church , new orlean - day , 1963 222 the church crowded ... and we see Benjamin and Daisy come in the back as the service be end ... they be the only white people there . Benjamin walk to the open casket ... stand by he mother 's side as the choir sing a hallelujah chorus ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) we bury she beside she beloved Mr. weather ... 223 ext . a old new orlean cemetery - day , 1963 223 a predominantly African - american cemetery ... overgrown and old ... the mourner , almost all of they old white people , stand at queenie 's gravesite alongside she beloved Mr. weather . we see queenie 's daughter among the mourner ... in she early 30 herself now ... and Benjamin , stand over he mother 's grave ... say he goodby ... benjamin we be mean to lose the people we love . it 's how we know how important they be to we . benjamin be ( v.o. ) and so we could have memory of we own I sell my Father 's house on blaine Street ... 224 ext . the button house , garden district - day , 1963 224 the old house , in a now decaye New Orleans neighborhood ... but despite the falter area , the house retain a dignity of its own ... 225 int . the button house - another day , 1963 225 we see a young pregnant woman , a renter , be show by Benjamin along with a Real estate agent , around the old house . the woman ... it 's such a lovely place ... you must have a lot of fond memory . it must be hard for you to give it up . Benjamin do not say anything . there 's a knock on the door . Benjamin open it , to let a older man in ... quite a bit older ... ( continued ) 148. 225 continued : 225 the man be Mrs. williamson here yet ... I be sorry to be late ... and he see he wife ... pleased to see she ... hugging she ... tenderly kissing she ... and they age difference readily obvious ... Benjamin acutely aware of it ... the woman it 's a wonderful old place , darling ... I think we will be so happy here ... they go into the hallway line with the family photograph ... she 's take by they ... the woman ( cont 'd ) oh , what a long family history you have ... benjamin they come with the house ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) and we buy a house of we own ... 226 ext . a suburban townhouse , new orlean - day , 1963 226 Benjamin and Daisy sit on the front step of a suburban New Orleans townhouse , a small screen front porch with a tree in front ... 227 int . hospital room , new orlean - day , present 227 daisy ( murmur ) I love that house ... it smell like firewood ... the chimney leak smoke ... we do not care ... oh do not stop dear ... do not stop ... she close she eye ... caroline's voice ( over ) " it be one of the happiest time of my life ... " benjamin button be ( v.o. ) we have no furniture to speak of ... we would have picnic in the live room ... 149 . 228 int . the suburban townhouse , new orlean - day , 1963 228 Benjamin and Daisy have a picnic on the virtually empty live room floor . benjamin button be ( v.0 , ) we sleep on a mattress ... 229 int . bedroom , suburban townhouse , new orlean day , 1963 229 we see Benjamin and Daisy sleep on a mattress on the floor in the bedroom ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) we vow never to go to bed or wake up at the same time . we live on that mattress ... and we see just that , a short film of two people who can not get enough of each other live on a mattress ... Daisy and Benjamin at various time , while they be either sleep , or talk , or eat , or read , or make love , on the mattress on the floor ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we neighbor , Mrs. Van dam be a physical therapist ... 230 int . porch , suburban townhouse , new orlean - day , 1953 230 we see Daisy in the screen - in front porch , exercise she leg under the supervision of a older woman ... mrs. van dam ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) we live four block from a public pool ... 231 int . a public swimming pool , ywca - day , 1963 231 we see Daisy in a bathing suit , rest from swim , hold on to the side of the pool , watch a young , well condition girl , 18 , with nothing but she life ahead of she , completely in tune with she body , swim lap ... and as it come to all of we , painfully aware of the year pass , she own physical mortality , she start to cry ... and we see that Benjamin , come to meet she , be stand above she . benjamin you be cry ... ( continued ) 150 . 231 continued : 231 daisy it 's just the chlorine ... look at the young girl ... look at she ... understanding ... benjamin you choose something to do ... something so special ... so unique ... there be such a short period of time that you could do it ... even if nothing have happen ... sooner or later you would be in the same place you be now ... she 's quiet ... she know what he 's say be true ... daisy I do not like get old . 232 ext . lake pontchartrain , louisiana - daybreak , 1964 232 Benjamin , Daisy hold onto he , riding the old motorcycle along the lake ... 233 ext . the dock at the lake - daybreak , 1964 233 Daisy sit in the familiar deck chair he father have sit in look out at the lake ... Benjamin bring she a cup of coffee ... he sit on the deck on he heel beside she ... daisy I promise you , I will never lose myself to self - pity again ... and as they watch the day begin ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) and I think , right there and then , she realize none of we be perfect forever . 234 int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , the present 234 the window have start to rattle again ... the wind knock . caroline I think the wind have shift away ... ( continued ) 151 . 234 continued : 234 Daisy do not say anything , lie still , stare off ... she breathe shallow , labor ... caroline ( cont 'd ) mother ? daisy ( agitate ) I do not remember if I turn the light off . do I leave the heater on ? the nurse , on she way by , see she distress ... come in ... the nurse let 's get you comfortable ... she gently cover she ... Daisy quietly lie back ... the nurse ( cont 'd ) she 's get ready to leave ... she look at caroline and turn and leave the room . caroline quietly look at she mother . they eye meet . daisy you have the most beautiful eye . caroline reach to hold she thin hand . Daisy say something to herself . caroline look at she ... she look down at the book ... caroline he say , " she find peace . " daisy ( say to herself ) peace . 235 int . a dance studio , new orlean - day , 1967 235 a small dance studio ... a scratchy phonograph record play music ... young girl learn how to dance ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) she open a dance studio ... and we see Daisy , in a long skirt over a long sleeve leotard ... wear slipper ... ( continued ) 152 . 235 continued : 235 the first time we have see she dress like this in many a year ... happily teach young girl how to dance ... 236 int . dance studio , new orlean - night , 1967 236 we see Daisy alone ... clean up ... music play on the record player ... and for a brief moment she stop , and dance ... the smallest , most tentative of step ... she see in the studio 's mirror Benjamin 's be silently watch she ... benjamin you be still beautiful to watch ... she look at herself in the dance mirror ... just what happen ... daisy Dancing be all about the line ... the line of you body ... after awhile ... you lose the line ... and you can never get it back ... they look at each other in the mirror ... daisy ( cont 'd ) I figure out if you be bear in 1918 ... 49 year ago ... I be 43... we be almost the same age ... in three year we will meet in the middle ... and what she do not say , what they both know , be she 's go one way and he 's go the other ... Benjamin affectionately ... benjamin ( smile ) we finally catch up to each other ... she smile , start to turn ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) stay just like that ... I want to remember what we look like right now . they stay like that for a moment longer ... she turn to get she thing ... she shut off the light ... she take he arm ... ( continued ) 153 . 236 continued : 236 daisy I think I be far too old ... I be pregnant ... he stop ... they look at each other , she smile , nodd " yes , " it 's true . and deeply move he take she in he arm ... grateful ... touch she face ... hold she ... 237 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 237 caroline ( stop ) you be pregnant ? you never say anything , do you ? I mean , what happen to the child ? daisy ( wistful ) the child ... we be not sure what more she be about to say , she breathe rasp ... she 's have some difficulty breathe ... caroline ( get up ) they say if you need oxygen ... daisy I want to breathe on my own ... please ... ( and ) sit down , my darling ... caroline respects she wish ... daisy ( cont 'd ) ( want she to continue ) I be pregnant . and caroline want to know what happen herself ... caroline " she flourish ... " daisy ( eye close , murmur ) hmmm ... ( continued ) 153a . 237 continued : 237 benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) " she be happier than I have ever see she ... " 238 int . a new orlean STREET car -- day , 1967 238 Benjamin and Daisy riding a street car , talk ... daisy I think I hear the nurse slip , and say " he ... " as they ride Benjamin look over watch a father sit with he child ... Daisy notice he look ... 154 . 239 ext . a new orlean diner - late at night , 1967 239 Benjamin and Daisy sit at the window at one of the booth ... 240 int . same new orlean diner - late at night , 1967 240 Daisy with a hot fudge sundae and a tuna sandwich ... Benjamin just some coffee ... they be quiet ... and Daisy say ... daisy I know you be afraid . benjamin I be not hide it . daisy okay . what 's you worst fear ? benjamin what if it have ... what if its like I ?... daisy then we will love it all the more ... benjamin I want to be father ... not a little brother ... I do not want to be pick up from elementary school by my kid ... I do not want anyone babysit I ... daisy I be go to make this work ... this be what I want , and I want it with you ... benjamin you know , there 's nothing I would not do for you ... daisy would you tell a blind man he can not have child ? you will be a father for as long as you can . I know the consequence . I accept that . you love , loving you , be worth everything to I . ( laugh ) for the fiftieth time today I have get to go pee ... ( continued ) 155 . 240 continued : 240 he smile ... she get up and go to the restroom . he sit with he thought ... and he notice a television 's on ... a news report ... something catch he eye ... someone swim ? he get up move to the television ... where he hear ... a man' voice ( v.o. ) ( on television ) the oldest woman to ever swim the English Channel arrive in calais today ... have make the swim in thirty - four hour , twenty - two minute and fourteen second ... the sixty - eight year old englishwoman , Elizabeth abbott ... and we see dear elizabeth abbott , come out of the water , complete the English Channel swim . elizabeth abbott ( on television ) anything 's possible . and as she smile , after a lifetime of wait , triumphant ... and Benjamin smile for she , and for himself , too ... where anything be possible ... Daisy 's come beside he ... daisy ready ? benjamin yes . he leave some money . he take she arm ... and as they go outside , move along the street ... benjamin button be ( v.o . ) on a day like any other in the spring ... 241 int . there bedroom , suburban townhouse - morning , 1968 241 we see Benjamin in the bedroom , put on a shirt ... get dress ... and there 's the sound of something fall ... and then ... daisy ( o.s. ) Benjamin ... and he run out of the room ... to see Daisy , fall , sit on the stair ... ( continued ) 156 . 241 continued : 241 a glass of milk spill on the carpet ... and blood on she nightdress ... he run to a phone ... benjamin get I a ambulance ... my wife be seven month pregnant and fall on the stair ... daisy Benjamin ... the baby 's come ... and he hurry to she side ... and as she clasp he hand ... 242 int . there bedroom - suburban townhouse - day 1968 242 paramedics be there ... tend to Daisy , Benjamin at she side , as she struggle . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) she give birth to a five pound four ounce baby girl ... 243 int . there bedroom - suburban townhouse - day , 1968 243 we see , lie on Daisy 's chest , be a newborn baby ... Benjamin , stand beside she ... and a young woman Doctor that 's there ... pack up she thing ... benjamin you be sure there 's nothing wrong with she ? the young woman doctor she 's a normal , healthy baby in every way ... and Benjamin move , kiss the baby 's head ... as he look at this precious child of he ... caroline be ( v.o. ) we name she caroline , for my mother ... and as Benjamin hold Daisy 's hand while she nurse she ... 244 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 244 caroline 's stop read ... dead still ... caroline he be my father ...? this Benjamin be my father ? ( more ) ( continued ) 157 . 244 continued : 244 caroline ( cont 'd ) why do not you ever tell I ...?! daisy it do not change for a moment who you be . you be a gift . sometimes the gift we be give be not free . caroline you never say a word to I ... caroline , upset , get up ... caroline ( cont 'd ) I need to go for a minute ... she leave the room ... daisy ( enigmatic ) my dearest darling , we be both deprive of he ... Daisy lie still ... in she turban ... she blue eye ... she breathe rasp ... 244a int . hospital corridor , new orlean - day , present 244a caroline stand in the hall . the bustle of the hospital , the exigency of life go on about she . the nurse , see she ... the nurse it can get to you ... and caroline , unable to hold it in , can not stop bitter tear from run down she face ... the nurse be call for ... she go off down the hallway ... caroline take another moment and go back into the hospital room ... 244b int . hospital room , new orlean - day , the present 244b Daisy , see she come back in ... daisy I be worried you be not come back ... caroline ( after a moment ) you be all I have . daisy read the rest of it , darling . ( continued ) 157a . 244b continued : 244b caroline hesitates , then sit back down , and quietly take up the " book . " caroline " you grow , like the doctor have say , normal and healthy ... " 245 int . there bedroom , suburban townhouse , new orlean - 245 night , 1969 the room 's dark . we see Benjamin in bed , the baby sleep between he and Daisy ... and as Benjamin watch they sleep ... he look at he reflection in a wall mirror ... he 51st year on this earth ... 34 year old ... a young man ... he look at he baby ... he look at Daisy ... in she mid 40s ... she hair 's begin to gray ... she face begin to show the natural touch of age ... his stare awaken she ... she look at he sense he 's deeply troubled ... he shut he eye ... she watch he sleep , Daisy as troubled as he be ... but for very different reason ... 246 ext . a park - new orlean - day , 1969 246 Benjamin be sit with caroline while she play in a park 's sand box ... caroline help herself to a mouthful of sand ... Benjamin , try to get the sand out of she mouth ... benjamin do not eat sand ... Daisy come over to sit with they ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) she 's go to have a really attractive diaper . as they sit watch caroline play in the sand ... ( continued ) 158 . 246 continued : 246 benjamin ( cont 'd ) I think you should find a real father for she ... daisy what be you talk about ? benjamin she need someone to grow old with ... daisy she will learn to accept whatever happen ... she love you ... benjamin she need a father not a playmate . daisy be it that my age be start to show ...? be that what you be tell I ? have you lose you desire for I ...? benjamin you do not need another child to raise ... daisy you be go to leave I , be not you ? he do not say anything . daisy ( cont 'd ) you can not leave I . he 's silent . daisy ( cont 'd ) you can not do this to I ...! benjamin button be ( v.o. ) it be you first birthday . we have a party ... the house be fill with people ... 159 . 247 int . suburban townhouse - new orlean - day , 1969 247 the birthday party . a cake with a big number " 1 " candle . one - year- old not have a clue . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) the father and mother be there ... he look at the age appropriate mother and father with they child ... a man before you look around they will be in High School dating . Benjamin manage a smile . 247a int . the hospital room , new orlean - day - present 247a daisy I remember you first birthday like it be yesterday . 248 int . suburban townhouse - later in the day , 1969 248 the house be empty , the guest go ... Daisy busy clean up from the party . she stop to look outside , at the backyard . Benjamin be sit on a lounge chair ... the baby , in she party dress , sit on he chest ... as Daisy stand at the window watch he with they baby ... 249 int . there bedroom - suburban townhouse - late at night , 249 1969 Benjamin , dress , watch caroline in she crib , asleep . Daisy in bed , asleep . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) I sell the summer house on Lake pontchartrain ... I sell my share of button 's button ... I sell the sailboat ... I put it all into a account for you mother ... and before you would ever remember I ... and he bend to kiss he sleep daughter , whisper to she ... benjamin I want you to know I love you ... ( continued ) 160 . 249 continued : 249 he stop to put a bank book on the dresser , along with a house key ... the sound of the key be just enough for Daisy to stir . he start to leave ... he turn to go ... and he see Daisy be look at he ... a look not so much of anger , or hurt , not of resignation , but a look of acceptance ... that this be what she life be now ... he cross out of the dark room silently close the door behind he ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) I leave , so that you and you mother could have a life . 250 ext . suburban townhouse , new orlean - night , 1969 250 he take the old motorcycle out of the garage . benjamin button be ( v.o. ) ( after a beat ) I leave with just the clothes on my back . he start the motorcycle , and with just the shirt on he back he ride away ... 251 int . suburban townhouse , new orlean - late at night , 251 1969 Daisy still lie in bed , the sound of the motorcycle drive away . she get up . she take the baby out of she crib and into bed with she , hold she baby in the bare light ... 252 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 252 Daisy , in she regal turban , silently look out the window ... the wind knock loudly again ... caroline I almost wish I do not know any of this . ( she 's quiet , after a beat ) I feel odd , read ...it ... she look at the book ... ( continued ) 161 . 252 continued : 252 caroline ( cont 'd ) where do he go ? daisy I do not know . I never hear from he . caroline , distant , pick through the book ... she come upon ... caroline there be postcard ... look through they ... caroline ( cont 'd ) they be all address to I ... they be from all sort of place ... and she realize ... caroline ( cont 'd ) they be for my birthday . ( read ) 1970 ... I would have be two ... " happy birthday . " " I wish I could have kiss you goodnight . " ( read , another one ) " happy birthday , you be five . " " I wish I could have take you to you first day of school . " ( read on ) " happy birthday six - year-old . " " I wish I could be there to teach you how to play the piano ... " ( read on ) " 11 ... " " ... told you not to chase some boy ... " " 13 ... " " held you when you have a break heart ... " " 1983 . " I be fifteen . " I wish I could have be you father . nothing I ever do will replace that ... " Daisy murmur ... which bring caroline back to the book ... caroline ( cont 'd ) ( read ) what I think be ... " 161a-162 . 252a around the world 252a and Benjamin 's voice come in ... while we see he in various place all over the world , a montage , a film within a film , of the road he's taken ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " ... what I think be , it 's never too late ... or , in my case , too early , to be whoever you want to be ... there 's no time limit , start anytime you want ... change or stay the same ... there be not any rule ... we can make the best or worst of it ... I hope you make the best ... I hope you see thing that startle you . feel thing you never feel before . I hope you meet people who have a different point of view . I hope you challenge yourself . I hope you stumble , and pick yourself up . I hope you live the life you want to ... and if you have not , I hope you start all over again . " when we come out of that image ... 252b int . the hospital room , new orlean - day , present 252b caroline finish read ... caroline " ... I hope you start all over again ... " it 's quiet ... just the wind knock ... she look at she mother ... but Daisy 's stare , somewhere else ... caroline ( cont 'd ) ( take up read again ... ) I would be go for a long time ... daisy ( echoe ) he would be go for a long time ... to the dance Studio ... 162a-164 . 253-58 omit 253-58 259 omit 259 260-62 omit 260-62 263 int . the dance studio , new orlean - another night , 1980 263 a record 's play piano music . class be do . Parents take they child . we see Daisy , in she long skirt ... help pick up with she hand and she nimble toe , errant clothing , the jacket , the sweater ... ( continued ) 165 . 263 continued : 263 it take we a moment to recognize she ... in the some twelve year since we have last see she , 56 now , she hair 's cut short ... and it 's go mostly gray ... and , although she age be on she face , she still have a dancer 's posture , she head hold high ... carry herself with grace ... and one thing that will never change , be she unforgettable blue eye ... we hear the door open ... Daisy , busy gather , say she goodnight ... glance toward the door across the studio ... and she see a young man have come in , a young man in he twenty ... stand silently , a stranger , stand by the door ... Daisy , as she close up the studio , make she way toward he , say goodnight to people ... she bend to pick up a ballet slipper ... daisy somebody leave they slipper ... Daisy look over , the young man have not move ... the studio have all but emptied ... she walk toward he ... he 's wear wear trousers , a coat that 's see better day ... daisy ( cont 'd ) be you here to pick someone up ? he shake " no . " come closer .... daisy ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , we be close now . she move to open the door to show he out ... when she get a good look at he . she stop , realize who it be ... daisy ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ? ... and she 's take aback by he youth , we all be ... sixteen year young ... in he 20 now ... it 's at once staggering and heartbreaking ... what age can do ... and she realize , at that very moment , he be right all along ... daisy ( cont 'd ) you be so young . they look at each other ... when she 's able to find the word ... daisy ( cont 'd ) why do you come back ? ( continued ) 166 . 263 continued : ( 2 ) 263 benjamin I want to see you both . she stare at he ... just the piano music . and despite the gulf of time ... there 's a terrible aching they have for each other ... and before they can say anything ... the door swing open and caroline , 12 , come hurry in ... caroline you ready , Mom ? Benjamin stare at she appearance ... and Daisy , can not help herself , and see caroline , Daisy , overcome by it all , start to cry . caroline ( cont 'd ) be something wrong , mother ? daisy no ... he be tell I a very sad story about a mutual friend we have not see in a long time ... this be my friend , Benjamin ... you know he when you be ... just a baby ... caroline hi ... benjamin hello ... he reach , take she hand ... need to touch she ... a man' ( v.o. ) hello ... and a man 5as , wear a suit and a tie , come in ... the man I be sorry ... I think you be do ... daisy this be a friend of my family 's ... Benjamin button ... this be my husband ... Robert ... they shake hand ... there 's a awkward quiet ... ROBERT it be nice to have meet you ... we will be in the car , darling ... ( continued ) 167 . 263 continued : ( 3 ) 263 daisy I be just close up ... and Robert and caroline go outside to wait for she ... benjamin she 's so lovely ... she look like you ... do she dance ? daisy not very well . benjamin I suppose that would be from my side of thing . `daisy she 's a dear sweet girl ... she seem a little lose ... but who be not a little lose at 12 ? there 's a lot of she that remind I of you . and she shut off a set of the light . daisy ( cont 'd ) my husband . he 's a doctor ... be a widower ... he 's a incredibly bright , adventurous man ... Benjamin smile . daisy ( cont 'd ) he 's be a terrific father ... and a great partner and friend ... and she shut off the record player and another set of light ... and for a moment they stand in the dark studio ... and they look at they reflection in the mirror ... see who they be now ... daisy ( cont 'd ) you be so much young . benjamin just what you can see . she look at he , and after all this year ... she now understand completely ... she look outside at she daughter stand by the car with she " father , " wait ... ( continued ) 168. 263 continued : ( 4 ) 263 daisy you ware right . she need a father . I could not have raise both of you . I be not that strong . he 's quiet . they both be . she look at he . daisy ( cont 'd ) I never think how it must have break you heart , too . his silence be enough . daisy ( cont 'd ) where be you stay ? what be you go to do ? benjamin I be at the pontchartrain Hotel on the avenue . I have no idea what I be go to do . and it seem like they want to hold each other . but they can not . it 's still . and aware of the car 's headlight wait at the curb ... she turn , hold the door open for he ... daisy I have to go . he nod . he walk by she , go out . 264 ext . a STREET , new orlean - night , 1980 264 she stop to lock the door . she turn , get into the car ... and leave ... Benjamin stand on the corner , hand in he pocket , the car drive by he ... and Daisy can not help but look at he ... and then the car 's go ... and as he cross the street and walk off into the night ... 265 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 265 caroline that young man be my father ? and a nurse come in . the nurse the hurricane change direction again . they be predict it will make landfall sometime soon . ( continued ) 169 . 265 continued : 265 caroline be there anything we need to do ? the nurse arrangement be be make to move people if we have to . I will let you know as soon as we know anything . she leave hurriedly . daisy please tell I what he say ? caroline look at the book . and Benjamin 's voice come in ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " that night ... " 266 int . benjamin' HOTEL room , new orlean - night , 1980 266 Benjamin , sit on the end of the bed , not sure why he come there at all ... there 's a sound at the door ... as if somebody be there ... benjamin hello ? its quiet ... a hesitancy ... he start to get up and there 's a knock on the door ... he open it ... and Daisy 's there . he 's startle to see she ... daisy May I come in ? benjamin please ... she come inside ... a awkward quiet ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) I do not know what I be do here ... what I expect ...? it echoe how she 's feel be there ... they stand not know what to say ... and Daisy say , sadly ... daisy nothing last . he put a finger to she lip . he shake " no . " and what he 's come to know , that some thing do last ... ( continued ) 170 . 266 continued : 266 benjamin I never once stop loving you ... he affectionately push a hair off of she forehead ... daisy I be a old woman now , Benjamin . and he help she off with she coat ... she 's still . daisy ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ... he kiss she ... and she 's quiet ... and he undress she ... undress himself ... and they stand momentarily naked ... the young man and the older woman . daisy ( cont 'd ) be you sure ? benjamin some thing you do not ever forget ... the feel ... the taste ... and he kiss she again ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) ... the smell ... he put he mouth by she cheek ... breathe she in ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) ... the touch ... caress she ... benjamin ( cont 'd ) of someone you love ... 267 int . benjamin' HOTEL room , new orlean - night , 1980 267 we see Benjamin stand at the window watch as Daisy get into a taxi ... the taxi start to drive off ... and Daisy turn ... to look back ... wave to he . Benjamin wave to she ... what they both somehow know , be a last goodbye ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) I watch she go ... ..and as the taxi drive away ... ( continued ) 171 . 267 continued : 267 benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) until she go out of sight ... ... the taxi go down the street and out of sight ... for the last time ... despite lose sight of she he still have not move ... stand by the window ... 268 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 268 Daisy , breath raspy , sit silently in she bed look out the window ... we realize caroline 's stop read ... daisy please read ... caroline that 's the last thing he write ... Daisy 's quiet ... they both be ... alone with they thought ... caroline ( cont 'd ) what happen to he after that last time with you , mother ? the wind have pick up considerably , rattling the window even harder .. daisy a year or so after you father pass ... there be a call ... 269 int . daisy house , new orlean - late day , 1990 269 and we see Daisy in she bathrobe , in she sixty ... drink a cup of coffee ... the telephone ring ... ( continued ) 172 . 269 continued : 269 daisy hello ?... yes ?... speak -- I do not understand ? where be that ? 270 int . a taxi , new orlean - late day , 1990 270 we see Daisy riding in the back or a taxi . daisy it 's the last house ... she look outside , and we see up ahead of she , the nolan House stand like a monument to time ... 271 ext . nolan house - late - day , 1990 271 Daisy get out . the taxi drive off . Daisy stop for a moment before she open the gate . the house have fall into disrepair . a solitary old man sit on the porch rock and rock . she go up the walk and out of habit go around the back porch ... to the kitchen ... go inside ... 272 int . nolan house - late day , 1990 272 she come into the kitchen . she move down the hallway into the live room ... the interior have also fall on hard time . some old people be still in residence -- predominantly African Americans now ... queenie 's daughter , now in she fifty herself , stand in the live room ... along with a plain man in a plain suit ... daisy I be Daisy ... the man turn ... the man thank you for come ... I be David hernandez with the Orleans Parish department of child Welfare service . queenie 's daughter turn on a lamp ... it do not work ... she cross the room to turn on another ... the man ( cont 'd ) he be find live in a condemn building off of east Lamont ... the police find this with he ... this address ... and you name ... and he give she the journal ... ( continued ) 173. 272 continued : 272 the man ( cont 'd ) he be in very poor health ... he be take to the hospital ... he do not seem to know who or where he be ... he 's very confuse ... the doctor who look at he think he may be autistic . queenie' daughter I tell Mr. hernandez about Benjamin bein ' one of we . I tell he if he need a place to stay ... it 's alright ... he can stay here ... he be blood after all ... and just then we hear a piano play ... as if it be be play by a child ... with no skill ... bang as much as anything ... and Daisy follow the sound of the piano into the parlor ... 273 int . parlor , nolan house - day , 1990 273 and she see he back ... just a boy of 12 now ... hunch over ... try to play the piano ... try to play the tune the woman have teach to he ... daisy Benjamin . he turn at the sound of she voice . there be no indication he recognize she at all . benjamin at twelve do you know this song ? and he try to play what he think be the song , but be nothing more than a child play random note . daisy you play really beautifully . she come and touch he back ... he shrink from she touch . the man he do not seem to like to be touch . and while he try to play ... ( continued ) 174 . 273 continued : 273 the man ( cont 'd ) the doctor say if they do not know any better , he go in and out of state of recognition , as if he have the beginning of dementia ... Daisy 's look at the boy , who be once the man she love ... who she still love ... she look into he eye ... daisy do you remember I ? I be Daisy . he look at she . no sense of recognition . benjamin at twelve Daisy be a very pretty name . I be Benjamin . daisy it 's good to meet you Benjamin . do you mind if I sit with you ? I would love to hear you play . he do not say anything . she sit down beside he on the piano bench . he stop to look at she . benjamin at twelve there 's something about you ... there 's something about you eye I remember from a long time ago ... he look at she eye . she look at he ... and as she sit with he on the piano bench ... as he try to play ... Daisy and Benjamin , " together again ... " 274 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 274 daisy queenie 's daughter see to it that he be take care of ... 275 int . the kitchen , nolan house - morning , 1994 275 and we see Benjamin , just eight now ... come into the kitchen ... queenie 's daughter clean up after breakfast . benjamin at EIGHT I want some breakfast . ( continued ) 175 . 275 continued : 275 queenie' daughter you just eat breakfast . benjamin at EIGHT no I do not ... a old woman you just finish eat , Mr. button . benjamin at EIGHT you think I do not know what you be do ? and like a eight year old , or a old man old with onset Alzheimer 's -- which make he nearly a helpless child , he start to rage ... throw thing ... benjamin at EIGHT ( cont 'd ) you be all fuck liar ! daisy be ( v.0 . ) and every day I would stop by ... and make sure he be comfortable ... and just then Daisy come into the kitchen . she see he raging . queenie' daughter he do not believe he 's already have he breakfast . daisy let 's see if we can find something else for you to do . benjamin at EIGHT ( upset , meaning lapse ) I can not help it . I can not help this . daisy I know you can not . and as she put she arm around he , take he out of the room , understanding ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) many time he would simply forget who and where he be at all ... 176 . 276 int . benjamin be room , nolan house - day 276 we see Daisy sit on a bed with Benjamin in he room on the second floor of the old house ... and he 's oddly lucid ... more articulate than he age would indicate ... benjamin at EIGHT I get the feel there 's a lot of thing I can not remember ... daisy what do you mean ? benjamin at EIGHT it 's like there 's this whole life I have and I can not remember what it be ... he 's frustrated by it ... daisy it 's alright ... it 's alright to forget thing ... and as she sit on he bed with he ... in the upstairs room ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) it be not easy ... 277 ext . nolan house - day , 1996 277 and we see Benjamin , no more than six now , stand on the roof ... Daisy stand on the ground down below he ... daisy ( nervous ) I wish you would come down ... benjamin at six ( a little boy ) I can see everything . and he point out ... benjamin at six ( cont 'd ) I can see the big river ... all the boat ... I can see the graveyard where mama 's bury and all that other people ... I can see the city ... where you have you dance place ... ( continued ) 177 . 277 continued : 277 and tear fill Daisy 's eye ... daisy you be right , you can see everything sweetheart ... and he can ... he can see all the way across to the Mississippi River ... the old graveyard ... the city ... he whole life ... daisy ( cont 'd ) I think you better come down ... benjamin at six what if I could fly ? and it look like he might just try ... daisy ( stop he ) I know a man who could fly . come down and I will tell you all about he . he 's quiet , think about that . and acquiescing , he turn up the roof out of sight ... some short moment ... and he come run out the front door ... he hand in he pocket like the brave little man he be ... Daisy bend down ... and as he run into she arm ... Daisy hold he ... 278 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 278 Daisy propped in she bed look out the window ... daisy and I go to take care of he ... 279 ext . nolan house - day , 1997 279 and we see Daisy , in she seventies now , carry a suitcase , come up the walkway , and onto the porch ... old people sit in the porch chair ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) he be five , I think , when I move in ... the same age I be when I have meet he ... and we see Benjamin , 5 now , sit on the porch swing , stare off ... and he drool like a helpless old man . Daisy stop , take out a handkerchief , wiping the drool off he chin ... ( continued ) 178 . 279 continued : 279 daisy how would you like to help I unpack ? 280 int . benjamin be room , nolan house - day , 1997 280 Daisy , unpack she suitcase with Benjamin 's help , take out a alarm clock , a quilt , some photograph ... the " just so Book . . " her personal thing ... move in ... Benjamin , play with the alarm clock , make the alarm go off ... again , and again ... 281 int . benjamin be room , nolan house - night , 1997 281 Benjamin in a small child 's bed . Daisy , sit on he bed read from kipling 's " just so " storey to he ... daisy this be the picture of old man kangaroo at five in the afternoon , when he get he beautiful hind leg just as Big God ngong have promise . daisy be ( v.0 . ) the day pass ... 282 ext . nolan house - another day , the fall , 2000 282 and we see Benjamin , just three or so now , hold Daisy 's hand , walk with she in some autumn leave ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) I watch as he forget how to talk ... 283 int . nolan house - another day , 2001 283 Benjamin almost two ... sit on Daisy 's lap in the front room ... and say ... benjamin at one Benjamin ... ( point to she ) Daisy ... daisy that 's right ... Benjamin and Daisy ... proud of himself he smile ... ( continued ) 178a . 283 continued : 283 daisy be ( v.0 , ) ... how to walk ... 179 . 284 int . parlor , nolan house - another day , fall , 2001 284 and we see he , just like a toddler , barely able to stand ... Daisy there to catch he from fall ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) I watch he sleep ... 285 ext . porch , nolan house - late day , 2002 285 Daisy , sit on the porch on a rock chair . Benjamin , just a baby now , some month old , sleep in she lap ... daisy be ( v.0 , ) in 2002 , they put a new clock on the train station wall ... 286 int . train station , new orlean - day 2002 286 and we see a workman on a ladder take down the old clock of " Mr. cake 's " ... hand it down to another workman ... and put up a new clock ... a digital clock ... the time move ... the way it 's mean to be ... go forward ... 287 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 287 Daisy in she hospital bed ... the wind howling at the window ... daisy in the spring of 2003 ... 288 int . benjamin and daisy room , nolan house - day , 2003 288 shadows dapple the room . Daisy sit in a old chair in the middle of the room ... with daylight stream in on she ... hold Benjamin on she lap ... a tiny thing now ... nearly newborn ... he can almost fit in she two old hand ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) he look at I ... and we see he look up at she ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he look into my eye ... and we see he look into she eye ... ( continued ) 180 . 288 continued : 288 daisy be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and he move he finger ... and with he little thumb he hold my thumb ... ... and that 's just what he do ... look into Daisy 's eye ... hold she thumb with he tiny hand ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and as he have say ... no matter what age he be ... he be the same person behind he eye ... and , at that moment I know ... he know who I be ... the baby stare into she blue eye ... daisy be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and then he close he eye like he be sleep ... and we see he eye flutter and softly close ... forever . and as he lay in he beloved Daisy 's lap ... completely still ... 289 int . hospital room . new orlean - morning , present 289 the wind a full out hurricane . the light flicker . stay on . caroline I be go to see what they want we to do ... and as she get up , the " book " drop on the floor . and a card 's fall out . caroline pick it up . caroline ( cont 'd ) it 's a train schedule . she turn it over . there 's write . caroline ( cont 'd ) " I be on a train in India fill with people . " 290 int . a train somewhere in india - late at night 290 a overcrowded train car ... people sit and stand and lie on the seat and on the floor , in every available space , nook and cranny , asleep . ( continued ) 181 . 290 continued : 290 benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) I be the only one who be not sleep ... now we see Benjamin sit on the floor among all of the people , the only one awake , write on the back of the train schedule . benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) " I figure out one thing . if you be grow older or get young it really do not make any difference . whichever way you be go you have to make the most of what this be . " he look at all the people sleep around he ... stranger on a train ... benjamin button be ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) " along the way you bump into people who make a dent on you life ... some people ... get strike by lightning ... " 291 ext . somewhere 291 and we see just that ... Mr. daw be strike by lightning again ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " some be bear to sit by a river . " 292 ext . river 292 ... and we see just that ... Mr. oti sit by he river ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " some have a ear for music ... " 293 int . the parlor 293 and we see the unnamed older woman play the piano ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " some be artist ... " 294 ext . tugboat 294 ... and we see Captain Mike ... with he tattoo -- stand on he tug ... ( continued ) 182. 294 continued : 294 benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " some swim the English Channel ... " 295 ext . english channel 295 ... and we see Elizabeth abbott do just that ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " some know button ... " 296 int . button factory , new orlean 296 ... we see Thomas button hold a button in the palm of he hand ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " some know Shakespeare ... " 297 int . kitchen , nolan house , new orlean 297 ... tizzy recite Shakespeare ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " some be mother ... 298 int . nolan house , new orlean 298 ... queenie point at he ... benjamin button be ( v.o. ) " and some people can dance ... " 299 int . dance studio 299 ... and we see Daisy dance ... forever young ... 300 int . hospital room , new orlean - morning , present 300 caroline he start to write something else ... " I be go ... " but he stop ... she gently put the card back . caroline ( cont 'd ) I wish I have know he . daisy now you do . they be still . and the wind remind she ... ( continued ) 183. 300 continued : 300 caroline I would better go and see what they be plan to do ... Daisy nod . caroline go out of the room ... it 's quiet . Daisy 's alone now ... look out the window ... at the howling , hurricane ... a hundred mile a hour fury ... and fight against the wind , try to reach the window be a hummingbird ... it almost make it and be push back by the gale ... but undaunted , its wing do a figure eight ... the symbol for infinity ... it fight its way through the wind to the window ... tapping at the window ... and the hummingbird fly away ... she watch it go ... and after some moment she say ... daisy goodnight , Benjamin ... and she close she eye for the very last time ... and it 's dark ... where it 's peaceful , even safe ... 301 int . train station , new orlean - day , present 301 we see the new clock high on the terminal wall run the right way ... go forward ... and as the clock turn ... people hurry to they destination , live they life ... 302 int . storage room , train station , new orlean - day 302 a storage room . Old track sign . Old wait room chair . the discard , and forget . and lie on its side under a old tarpaulin -- be " Mr. cake 's " clock ... the angel still push the hand ... run backwards ... forever ... fade out :