the damned UNITED written by Peter Morgan from the novel by David peace 1 ext . elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 1 heavy leaden sky over the arachnoid stand and floodlight of elland Road stadium : home to Leeds United football club . and rain . sheet of angry , Yorkshire rain . title : " the damned UNITED " 2 int . boardroom - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 2 flashlight pop as don revie , ( late 40' ) , the most successful manager in English football , walk out in front of a pack of newspaper and tv reporter . he be flanke by the Chairman of Leeds United , ( manny cussin , 60' ) , and several other white - haire blazer - wear member of the board . revie I be just go to make a brief statement . caption : " JULY 4th , 1974 " revie stand under a large trophy cabinet , fill with the silverware he have win . reporter wait : intimidate . cowed . revie ( cont would ) yesterday afternoon at 3.00 , I accept the fa 's offer to become the next manager of the England national football team . a gasp among the journalist . a burst of flashlight . the board member look down at the floor in silence . bereaved father lose they favourite son . revie ( cont would ) obviously that involve I leave Leeds United after 13 happy and successful year , which make I very sad . I would like to think I have build the club into a family and there must be sadness when anybody leave a family . however , when one man go , another step into he place . I know who I think that person should be , the man to replace I , and I shall make my feeling clear to the director . thank you . no further comment . revie turn and walk out , a volley of reporter shouting question ... fade to black : 2 3 ext . motorway - day - ( 1974 ) 3 we be in a car . tarmac pass beneath we . roadmarkings . over this : the sound of a flat teeside voice , sing along with Frank Sinatra on the radio ... voice ( v.o. ) " fly I to the Moon . . " 4 int . car - day - ( 1974 ) 4 two young boy , ( 12 , 9 ) stare out of car window . raindrop on the pane of glass . they father , brian clough , ( 39 ) , slick , modern , cocky , handsome . about as big a contrast to don revie as it 's possible to find , be up front . driving .. clough ( sing ) " and let I play among the star .. " simon when be we there ? clough any moment now . on the right . ( sing ) " let I see what spring be like ... " the car turn a bend , and suddenly the floodlight and stand of a football stadium come into view . the boy ' eye widen . boy 1 there it be ! dad ! there it be ! the boy smile in excitement . clough ( sing ) " ..on Jupiter and Mars . . " ` leed UNITED football club ' write on the side of the stadium . clough smile , then put he foot down . the car accelerate past the turn . the boy ' smile fade . boy 1 where be you go ? dad ? you have miss it . clough we have something else to do first . wo not take long . ( sing ) ( mo re ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 3 4 con tinue D : 4 clo ugh ( cont would ) " in other word , hold my hand . in other word , darling kiss I ... " the music continue as the car drive on , turn into the music of a television program .. 5 int . television studio - day - ( 1974 ) 5 the `calender ' front title sequence , a Yorkshire tv current affair program . we be in a tv studio . the presenter be austin mitchell , ( 40 ) .. mitchell today we welcome Brian clough as he start he new job as manager of Leeds United , take over from Don revie - the most successful manager in the club 's history , under whom Leeds have win everything .. clough ..not quite everything . not win the european Cup ... mitchell ... but pretty much everything else . daunted ? clough daunted ? not at all , Austin . look forward to it . mitchell the biggest challenge of you life , and you will be without Peter Taylor , for the first time . you lifelong professional colleague . clough yes , Pete 's at Brighton now . he have the opportunity to come with I , but Brighton be he choice . Leeds be mine . mitchell a surprising choice , some might say . because you have be very vocal in you criticism of they over the year . clough I have . ( CO ntinu ed ) 4 5 con tinue D : 5 mitchell you have accuse player of dirty tactic , cheating , dissent , foul play . you call norman Hunter , norman " bite yer leg " Hunter , you have say Peter lorimer fall when no one touch he ... clough and I be right . mitchell I be curious . why do you now show such alacrity to join they after such vituperative criticism of they for so long ? clough goodness , it 's go to take I half a hour to explain all that word for a start . laughter from the camera crew .. clough ( cont would ) football be a beautiful game , Austin . it need to be play beautifully . I think Leeds have sell themselves short ... 5a int . revie' house - same time 5 a clough 's interview continue on a tv in a sit - room , where it be be watch by Don revie , sit in a armchair ... clough ( on tv ) .. they have be champion but they have not be good champion in the sense of wear the crown well . they have not be love . but then that 's hardly surprising , give the type of operation there 's be in place there . 5b int . yorkshire tv studio - day 5 B clough continue ... clough football club be like family , footballer be sensitive people . I would like to bring a little warmth into the set-up ... ( CO ntinu ed ) 4a 5b con tinue D : 5b mitchell " that type of operation ? " I presume you be refer to Don revie .. clough I be .. 5C int . revie' house - same time 5 C revie continue to watch the tv ... mitchell .. who have long be regard as a father figure in Leeds . and now you be come in as the outsider , the enemy even , after all the thing you have say in public , come in and take ouver as stepfather . 5d int . yorkshire tv - same time 5d mitchell look up at clough ... ( CO ntinu ed ) 5 5d con tinue D : 5d mitchell do not you expect some degree of resentment to this ? clough I would accept and expect a strangeness , initially , it 's perfectly normal . but it will not be long before they realise I be a fair man . a kind man . and maybe under I they can experience what it 's like to be in a happy family , after all . mitchell how can you be sure they be not happy with Don all along ? clough they would not have play football that way if they be happy . 5e int . revie' house - same time 5e don revie 's eye burn with indignation . he pick up a telephone , and angrily start to dial .. 6 ext . training field - day - ( 1974 ) 6 here they be . the Leeds player . Long hair and long face . surly . truculent . dangerous . out on the practice pitch . in the rain . some do warm - up exercise . other milling dangerously in group . they name on they purple track suit . hunter , lorimer , gile , bate , gray , clarke , bremner , mcqueen 7 ext . car park - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 7 clough 's car pull up . he and he son get out . a few wait press . cameras . light . a few fan with autograph book . jimmy gordon where have you be , boss ? jimmy gordon , clough loyal trainer , he face crease with anxiety .. jimmy director have be wait more than a hour . c'mon .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 5a 7 con tinue D : 7 jimmy gordon lead clough past the training pitch . clough look out .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 6 7 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 7 clough Morning lad ! Lovely Yorkshire weather ! ( gesture shiver ) I tell you make I want to jump on a plane right back to majorca ! clough laugh . the player stare in silence . squint in the drizzle . condensation come from they mouth . johnny gile stare . billy bremner spit and continue talk disrespectfully . clough ( cont would ) not much of a welcome , be it ? and not so much as a smile from johnny gile . jimmy you be five day late !! and do you really need to say that about majorca ? ( beat , change the subject ) you know he be revie 's first choice for get you job . clough who ? johnny gile ? clough look over at gile , who turn away , resume training .... clough ( cont would ) be he now ? and bremner ? jimmy Club Captain . Don 's son and heir . his first bear . you be never go to get any love from he . bremner , a flint -ey Scot , stare at clough .. clough great . here 's to happy fuck family . 8 int . corridor - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 8 jimmy gordon lead clough and he boy down a corridor , where countless photograph of don revie hang on the wall . holding silverware . they pass a open door , with a sign outside , `manager . Mr. don . revie . ' clough stop . look at the sign . ( CO ntinu ed ) 6a 8 con tinue D : 8 then push open the door .. 7 9 int . manager' office - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 9 clough walk into the manager 's office . the empty chair . the bare desk . his desk . Don 's desk . clough take a seat in the chair . presently , a middle - age matron , jean reid , Don revie 's faithful secretary for 13 year , appear in the doorway .. clough any chance of a cup of tea , duck ? jean they be wait for you . upstair . clough swing he foot on the desk . clough who 's that ? jean the director . clough for I ? why ? jean for the board meeting . clough let they wait . now , how about that cup of tea ? clough smile sweetly , but jean stare at clough . she pointedly do not move . clough lower he foot . clough ( cont would ) all right , I will go then . would not want to get off on the wrong foot . clough walk over to the door . look at the desk . clough ( cont would ) who 's desk be that , love ? jean your , Mr. clough . clough not mine . I do not put it there , do I ? jean Mr. revie 's . ( CO ntinu ed ) 8 9 con tinue D : 9 clough let 's get rid of it then , shall we ? chair , too . the whole bloody lot . think it would be best if there be nothing of he leave here . clough reach the door .. clough ( cont would ) be you he secretary ? jean I be . for thirteen happy year . clough what 's you name , pet ? jean Jean , sir. Jean reid . clough in which case , no offence duck , but there 's nothing I want type on paper from you other than you resignation . she gasp .. clough ( cont would ) and you can change the lock on you way out . do not want the ghost of troubled Don pop in now , do we ? rattling he chain . scare my young one . clough put he arm protectively round the boy , and lead they out of the door . jean reid stare , visibly shake . 10 int . boardroom - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 10 half -a-dozen white - haire patriarch sit at a large table . match blazer and match brass . manny cussin , SAM bolton , bob robert , sydney simon , percy woodward . aldermen and rotary club member . mason and businessman . clough enter the boardroom . indicate to jimmy gordon to look after the boy outside . Inside : match curtain and carpet . cussin come in , Brian . clough sit down at the head of the table . rub he hand together .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 9 10 con tinue D : 10 clough what ? no one go to offer I a drink ? like a undertaker in here . the director shoot look at one another . cussin why do you do it ? clough do what ? bolton the interview . for Yorkshire tv . cussin we have have a phone -call . bolton not so much a phone -call . bloody tirade . cussin from Don . they only go and rung he . and run some of you quote by he . about how unhappy the player be . what " bad champion " . look for a response . bolton ( shudder to himself ) bloody get one , as well . he 's go berserk . clough he have it come . he should not have do that piece in the Mirror should he ? say he think I be a daft choice . bolton he 's entitle to he opinion . clough and I be entitle to mine . cussin ( bark , flame on ) and I be entitle to mine . the room fall silent . that get everyone 's attention . ( CO ntinu ed ) 10 10 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 10 cussin ( cont would ) I hire you to do this job because I think you be the best young manager in the country ... clough thank you . I be the best old one , too . cussin ... I also do it under the assumption that you would be come here want the best for the club . for the city of Leeds . so why do I still get the feel this be all about you and Don ? clough of course it 's just about I and Don . always have be . but instead of put frown on you forehead , of ye elder of Leeds , in you blazer and brass fuck button , it should put big white colgate smile on you big white face , because it mean I will not sleep and will not eat until I take whatever that man 's achieve and beat it -- beat it so I never have to hear the name " Don Fucking revie " again -- beat it so the only name anyone sing in they Yorkshire ale house , raise they stinking jar to they stinking mouth , be Brian clough . Brian clough uber fuck alle . understand ? the blazer and brass button , white - haire elder of Leeds stare at one another . CUT to : 11 omitted 11 10a- 11 12 int . front room - clough' house - derby - night - ( 1968 ) 12 clough sit glue to a wireless in he front room . radio announcer .. lady and gentlemen , the draw for the third round of the fa Cup will now commence .. clough 's eye widen : he call out to the other .. clough c'mon , Pete ! white -haired elder number twenty - two .. radio announcer derby County , second division .. clough here we go . that 's we ..! caption : " six year earlier " peter taylor , seven year older than clough , he close friend , he only true friend , appear breathlessly in the doorway back from a fish and chip run ... .. follow by barbara , clough 's wife , and the three child .. white -haired elder ( on radio ) number six .. on tv : the blazer -wearing elder call into the microphone .. blazer -wearing elder ( on radio ) Leeds United ! radio commentator against mighty Leeds United ..! clough and taylor cry out in shock .. clough Leeds ..! taylor Fucking hell ..! clough Don revie 's Leeds ! top of division one ! here we bloody come ! ( CO ntinu ed ) 12 12 con tinue D : 12 the telephone ring . clough pick it up .. clough ( cont would ) ( already know it will be SAM longson ) what do you say to that , Mr. Chairman ? 13 int . SAM longson be house - night - ( 1968 ) 13 he 's right . it 's SAM longson , Chairman of derby County , ( 60' ) look like krushchev , cue - ball head , voice like a power -drill , a tough haulage millionaire .. uncle SAM I can hear the cash register now ! clough happy day , sir. happy day . uncle SAM you be not wrong , Brian . take the family out for a meal . go to the mumtaz . tell `em I be pay . 14 int . clough' house - night - ( 1968 ) 14 clough hang up the phone .. clough put the fish and chip in the bin . tonight 's on uncle Sam . we be go posh . Chicken fuck bhuna in town . General excitement . everyone start put on they coat . 15 ext . baseball ground - derby - day - ( 1968 ) 15 clough stand with two man in overall , indicate a fade ` Visitors ' sign ... clough right , you two , I want billy bremner and johnny gile to be able to read that ... ( indicate door -frame ) and this woodwork have see better day .. 12a 16 int . baseball ground - derby - day - ( 1968 ) 16 ` crash ' , the follow morning , clough burst through swing door , and into corridor with the cleaners ... ( CO ntinu ed ) 13 16 con tinue D : 16 clough spick and span , understand ? wash this wall down . give the floor a proper polish . 17 ext . pitch - baseball ground - day - ( 1968 ) 17 clough inspect the pitch with the head groundsman .. clough I want it perfect . like a fuck carpet . we have get proper footballer come . who know how to keep the ball on the deck . groundsman well , you can not fuck train on it then . 18 ext . pitch - public park - derby - day - ( 1968 ) 18 the derby player train on a football pitch in a public park . clough turn to taylor .. clough you know he will be make a file on we . a dossier . taylor who ? clough Don revie . prepare a file on every game . leave nothing to chance . know every opponent formation . strategies . everything . taylor I have hear he 's a superstitious twat . ( call out ) ey ..! help he , someone help he ..! clough we grow up just a few street apart , you know . in middlesborough , close to ayrsome Park . he will have know my street , Valley Road - probably buy sweet from garnett Factory , where my dad work . taylor Heard he wear the same suit to every game . his " lucky blue suit " . ( mo re ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 13a 18 con tinue D : 18 tay lor ( cont would ) and he do not care for ornamental bird . c'mon , who 's cover he ...! ( CO ntinu ed ) 14 18 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 18 clough the best manager in the country , Don revie . play for sunderland , like I , as a centre-forward , like I , and England , like I . taylor ( shouting out ) c'mon , give it and go ! clough pea in a pod , I and Don . two peas in a fuck pod . 19 int . corridor - baseball ground - day - ( 1968 ) 19 clough in early . before anyone . in shirtsleeve , sweeping corridor . straighten photo on the wall . 20 int . another corridor - baseball ground - day - ( 1968 ) 20 clough polish the sign , `visitors ' on the dress - room door . 21 int . bathroom - baseball ground - day - ( 1968 ) 21 clough on he knee , scrubbing , clean bath in the visit team 's washroom . 22 int . manager' office - baseball ground - day - ( 1968 ) 22 clough put on he suit . tye he tie . he take a bottle of vintage red wine from a cupboard . he place the bottle on he desk . then put two cut crystal glass on he desk . his and do n's . a flicker of jealousy on peter taylor 's face , almost like a wife - hurt that he friend be make such a effort for someone else . a knock on the door . jimmy gordon appear in the doorway .. jimmy they be here ! ( a confuse look ) well , almost .. 15 23 ext . car park - baseball ground - day - ( 1968 ) 23 clough rush out of the door , straighten he cuff , straighten he hair , buttone he jacket . first out to greet the arrive team . he turn the corner to see the leed coach a hundred yard down the street , the player get off the coach and walk towards he .. clough what be they do ? jimmy they have run out of petrol . taylor no , it 's that superstition , be not it ? every away cup tie , revie make they walk the last hundred yard . taylor mutter under he breath , " soppy twat " . clough crane he neck . watch don revie , 40' . thick -set . severe , forbid , intimidating , in a huddle with he coach staff , Les cocker and syd Owen . his henchmen . his assassin . his " goodfella " . his right and leave hand . clough walk towards he . Hand outstretch .. clough welcome to derby , Don . pleasure to meet you . I be Brian clough . but revie walk past without shaking hand , without talk , without even break stride .. ..and disappear into the stadium , deep in conversation with Les cocker and syd Owen . clough stare . Hand still outstretch . he look over at peter taylor , who can not help smile , ` forget it ' . taylor and jimmy gordon walk off , but clough still stare at revie in disbelief . 24 ext . dug - out - touchline - baseball ground - day - ( 1968 ) 24 the leed player run out onto the pitch : hunter , madely , bremner , gile , reaney , jone , in a line , wave to the crowd , turn North , South , East , West ... ( CO ntinu ed ) 15aa 24 con tinue D : 24 taylor rub he hand in excitement , " here we go " . but clough be mile away . still can not let the insult go . he stare over at the visit team dug-out .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 15a 24 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 24 revie and he lieutenant . whisper among themselves . huddle in think . huddle in strategy . huddle in malevolence . presently , the game start . a roar from the crowd . ( CO ntinu ed ) 16 24 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 24 " beeeep " , the ref 's whistle blow . a derby player roll in agony , cry out , a terrible , cynical challenge . horrify , jimmy gordon and peter taylor up on thier foot in protest .. taylor referee ..! clough look over to revie 's bench . see revie and syd owen quietly applaud the Leeds player . encourage more of the same . as the derby player be stretcher off .. presently , rrrooooaaaarrrrr go up . goal Leeds . revie and he henchmen get to they foot . applaud . 1 - 0 . taylor and jimmy gordon immediately start shouting out encouragement to the derby player , new instruction , as the game restart .. taylor ( cont would ) c'mon , keep you shape ! Close he down ! jimmy think , Alan ! to foot ! taylor now send it out wide ! clough do not join in . he continue to stare at revie in he dugout . suddenly : " beeep ! " , whistle ! penatly Leeds ! clough leap off the bench in outrage . scream , on he feel , protest in disbelief .. clough what ? he do not fuck touch he ! ref! he dive ! he fuck dive ! revie shaking hand with he colleague . smiling amongst themselves . congratulate themselves . celebrate . the inevitable roar as Leeds convert , follow by , " beeeeeep " , the sound of the final whistle . clough stare in disbelief . robbed . deflate . the referee blow the whistle for the end of the game . clough watch as revie and syd owen brush past , shaking peter taylor and jimmy gordon 's hand , ( assume taylor 's the manager ) , on they way to the dress - room , they mind already on they next game ... clough stare as they go .. 16aa 25 int . manager' office - derby - late afternoon - ( 1968 ) 25 the two empty glass wait on the table . caption : " derby 0 - leed 2 " ( CO ntinu ed ) 16a 25 con tinue D : 25 clough do not say good - bye . or pay I the respect of stay for a drink . could not wait to get away . through the front door we see : don revie , syd owen and les cocker walk to they bus , chuckle to themselves , deep in discussion , already think about the next match . taylor bloody cheat and all . neither of that goal should have be allow . but clough do not hear ... clough just go to have to beat they , Pete . beat he it 's the last thing I do . taylor we need to get into the same division first . ( CO ntinu ed ) 17 25 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 25 clough we need someone with a good head . experience . taylor I know . we lot be like headless chicken out there today . clough turn to taylor ... clough first thing Monday morning , I want you to go and find I that player . a wise head . taylor open he mouth , be about to protest .. clough ( cont would ) and do not worry about the money . that 's my problem . just you go and find he . clough 's face : watch the Leeds player board the bus ... CUT to : 26 int . manager' office - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 26 clough 's face : stare out at the Leeds player wait on the training pitch . a deep breath . clough right . better go and make myself know . clough remove he jacket . jimmy gordon and clough 's son watch as he walk out onto the training pitch ... 27 ext . training pitch - following day - ( 1974 ) 27 clough walk out into the drizzle and towards the leed player .. clough ( up - beat , clap hand ) all right , gentleman , gather around , please . the player truculently gather round . clough watch they , note they mood , then .. clough ( cont would ) I might as well tell you now . ( mo re ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 18 27 con tinue D : 27 clo ugh ( cont would ) you lot may all be internationals and have win all the domestic honour there be to win under Don revie , but as far as I be concerned , the first thing you can do for I be to chuck all you medal and all you cap and all you pot and all you pan into the biggest fuck dustbin you can find because you have never win any of they fairly . you have do it all by bloody cheating . silence from the player .. clough ( cont would ) Mr. William bremner . you be the captain . and a good one . but you be no good to the team and you be no good to I if you be suspend . I need you fit for every game , and I want good , clean , attractive football from my captain . setting a example . clough turn to peter lorimer . clough ( cont would ) Mr. lorimer , I hope you be listen because you be as good a footballer as I have ever see , but you know how I feel about the way Don let you harangue referees , fall over when you have not be touch , protest and point , try to get other player book . we will have no more of that . clough turn to johnny gile .. clough ( cont would ) and you , irishman . God give you skill , intelligence , and the best pass ability in the game . what God do not give you be six stud to wrap around another player 's knee . gile I do not know what you be talk about . clough turn to norman hunter ... clough but you do , though , " bite yer leg " . ( CO ntinu ed ) 18a 27 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 27 hunter people kick I , I kick they back . ( CO ntinu ed ) 19 27 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 27 clough not with I as manager . do that on my watch , you will be fine and stick in the reserve . ( to all the player ) thing be go to be a little different around here . without Don . might feel a little strange at first . might pinch a little . like a new pair of shoe . but if you want you grandchild to remember you for be something other than the dirty bugger you all be , if you want to be love as real champion , worthy champion , you be go to have to work . and improve . and change . ( nod to jimmy gordon ) now let 's start off by play some seven -a-side . player stare at one another . bristle . disbelieve look . bremner Don never do that . clough well , I be not Don . and from now on I never want to hear that man 's name again . ever . next player who mention it , or what he do or do not bloody do in the good ol ' day , will spend a week clean my boot . ( clap hand ) Seven -a-side . keep it nice and clean , and sensible . no fifty - fifty 's . clough see that one side be a man short .. clough ( cont would ) right , I will play myself . you might learn something , irishman . two hundred and fifty - one goal in two hundred and seventy - four start . clough skillfully trap the ball between he foot , flip it up onto this head - down onto he chest , then " wham " volley it into a distant goal .. clough ( cont would ) like to see Don fuck revie do that , eh ? clough remove he track suit trousers , roll he neck . jimmy gordon quickly divide the player into two team , blow the whistle .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 20 27 con tinue D : ( 4 ) 27 the game start . clough , lead by example , anxious to prove himself , be soon darting about , call out ... clough ( cont would ) ( clap hand ) here , son . to foot . keep it simple . think and give . on the deck . Nice and crisp . yes , to I , sniffer . to I . clarke pass the ball . but it 's a fifty - fifty . another player bear down on clough .. who refuse to pull out .. " crunch " , a bone-shake tackle from " bite yer legs " . clough ( cont would ) oh , jeeeeeesussss !!! clough be flatten . roll around on the floor . jimmy gordon run up to norman hunter .. jimmy Fucking matter with you ? he say no fifty - fifty 's . hunter aggressively step forward . nose to nose . he be immediately flanke by other aggressive Leeds player . crowd the referee . intimidate he . hunter what be you go to do about it ? Book I ? jimmy gordon back off , visibly frighten . clough lie on the floor . in agony . holding he knee . 28 int . corridor outside dressing -room - same time 28 clough listen to the player laugh at he . disrespect he . his face darken . bremner ( mimick ) " two hundred and fifty - one goal in two hundred and seventy - four start . " the sound of coarse , cruel laughter among the leed player . jimmy gordon appear , clough 's two son in tow .. jimmy I have get what you be look for . jimmy hold up a large parcel wrap in brown paper . clough 's expression change . ( CO ntinu ed ) 21 28 con tinue D : 28 clough what about the petrol ? jimmy in the boot of the car . clough good lad . 29 int . corridor - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 29 clough limp down a corridor . in a thunderous mood . holding the parcel . people scatter . 30 int . manager' office - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 30 the door fly open . clough storm into he office . he walk over to the desk . don revie 's desk . he unwrap the parcel , and take out a axe . clough stand back . clough 's son watch as they father violently swing the axe down onto the desk . the sicken sound of splintering wood . 31 ext . elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 31 clough watch the desk burn in a small bonfire outside . manny cussin and several director walk out . they be surprised to see clough by the fire hold a axe ... cussin everything all right ? clough ( sunny , wave with the axe ) Fine thank you , Mr. cussin . clough smile politely , then turn , and walk to he car . the director watch .. CUT to : 22 32 int . clough house - dine - room - day - ( 1968 ) 32 " rrrriiinnnggg " , the phone ring . clough and he family be have Sunday lunch . barbara clough look up .. barbara not now , love - please ? " rrrrriinnngggg " . the phone ring . clough try to ignore it . clough but it might be Pete . barbara ( roll eye ) of course it 's Pete . " rrrriiinnngggg " , clough try to eat , then .. clough but it might be important . ( to nigel ) c'mon , eat you carrot . for you mother . clough get up . walk out of the room .. 33 int . taylor house - hall - day - ( 1968 ) 33 peter taylor , similarly in disgrace with he family , similarly unable to go a single Sunday lunch without call clough , whisper down the phone , terrify of he wife .. taylor you ask I to find a player with a good head . experience . ( whisper , furtive ) I have find one ! he 's perfect . Dave mackay . clough Dave mackay ?!? he 's a hundred and fuck fifty . taylor I admit he 's not young . clough not young ? he 's old as fuck time ! taylor but he 's clever , keep the ball well . and pass it better than anyone alive . ( CO ntinu ed ) 23 33 con tinue D : 33 a voice call from taylor 's dining - room .. lilian ( o.s. ) Pete ...! that 's enough ! come back ! taylor ( look leave and right ) he 's the one , Brian . clough you sure ? taylor never be more sure of anything in my life . clough all right , I will talk to longson in the morning . taylor we have not get until morning . heart have already make he a offer . want he as they manager . apparently they have already agree term . clough well , what do you fuck call I for then ? taylor because when I ask Bill Nick how do the deal be - he say ninety - nine per cent . clough 's face . clough meaning he have not sign . taylor exactly . 34 int . clough' house - dine - room - day - ( 1968 ) 34 barbara clough roll she eye , put down she cutlery , and call out .. barbara all right , Brian . enough . come back now .. no answer . barbara tut to herself . get up from the table . she walk out of the dining - room , call out .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 24 34 con tinue D : 34 barbara ( cont would ) c'mon , that 's enough ... 35 int . clough house - hall - day - ( 1968 ) 35 .. and into the hall . barbara stop . she look leave and right . no sign . barbara Brian ..? Love ..? 36 omitted 36 37 ext . roadside cafe - day - ( 1968 ) 37 clough and taylor emerge from a roadside cafe and walk towards they car . they have miss Sunday lunch . so it 's crisp . sweet . fizzy drink . almost childlike . happier in one another 's company than with they own family . clough where would we play he ? taylor in the middle of the park . somewhere he can see everything , use he loaf , and tell the kid what to do . clough we will play he as a sweeper , then . taylor ( eat crisp ) aye . they climb into the wait car ... clough wo not have to run about too much . and what 's all this I hear about a tie shop ? taylor he 's get a tie shop , have not he ? in London . which he spend two day a week at . clough start the engine ... clough Fucking tie shop ? ( CO ntinu ed ) 24a 37 con tinue D : 37 taylor it 's he " nest egg " . for the future . ( CO ntinu ed ) 25 37 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 37 clough no one 's go to be wear fuck tie in twenty year time . clough and taylor both giggle . like kid . the car pull off ... clough ( cont would ) hope he football brain be better than he business brain . 38 ext . mackay' house - NORTH london - day - ( 1968 ) 38 clough 's car pull up outside a house in a quiet terrace road in North London . taylor check it against the address on a piece of paper . the two man get out of the car ... clough you know it 's illegal . to sign someone on the sabbath . taylor be it ? ( immediately cautious ) then perhaps we should just shake on it today ? and sign tomorrow ? clough what ? and let heart in again in the morning ? fuck off . ( produce contract ) I be not leave here without a signature . clough and taylor walk up the garden path .. clough ( cont would ) you would bloody do that , too - would not you ? come all this way , then just " shake hand " ? ( shaking head ) dear oh dear . what would you do without I ? taylor hey , you would never have found he if it be not for I . clough stop , ring the doorbell . look at taylor . clough good job we be both wear tie . ( CO ntinu ed ) 26 38 con tinue D : 38 ` snap ' , the door open to reveal dave mackay , a thick set , dark - haire bull of a man , with a thick Scots accent . clough smile ear to ear .. clough ( cont would ) jehova 's Witness , Dave ! May the Lord be with you ! mackay who the bloody hell be you ? clough my name 's Brian clough , and I once have the pleasure of play for England against you in a under - 23 match . mackay I remember you now . you have a black eye , a right bloody shiner . ( a beat ) and never stop fuck talk ! what be you do here ? clough come to talk to you about the Promised land , Dave . land of milk and honey . it 's a little place up the M1 call derby . ( a beat ) May we come in ? 39 ext . baseball ground - pitch - day - ( 1968 ) 39 clough , taylor and jimmy gordon training with the derby player . SAM longson , ( late 60' ) , Chairman of derby County approach , visibly angry .. uncle SAM Dave mackay ?? clough you do not look happy , uncle Sam . uncle SAM I be not . what be you think ? go over my head like that ? why do not you call ? clough because you would have say `no ' . ( CO ntinu ed ) 27 39 con tinue D : 39 uncle SAM bloody right I would have say `no ' . the man 's bloody crock . clough Pete reckon he 's good for three more year . uncle SAM be he fuck . he 's break more bone than evel knievel . clough trust I , Mr. Chairman . it 's money well spend . longson turn and double-take .... uncle SAM and who the fuck be they ? clough that would be messr . mcgovern and o'hare . mcgovern /o'hare afternoon / hello ! uncle SAM ( almost pass out ) where do they come from ? clough my old stomping grounds . hartlepool and sunderland . very reasonable , too . clough smile .. clough ( cont would ) just do what 's best for the club . uncle SAM that would be my club , Brian . my club . 40 ext . baseball ground - day - ( 1968 ) 40 ` flash ' , dave mackay , JOHN mcgovern and JOHN o'hare wear derby strip , pose under the derby County sign for photograph with clough and taylor .. 27a 41 ext . pitch - baseball ground - day - ( 1968 ) 41 clough and taylor watch from the touchline as they new team lead by mackay play in a match . clough watch in admiration ... ( CO ntinu ed ) 28 41 con tinue D : 41 clough you be a genius , Pete . bloody genius . how do you see it ? on the training ground : dave mackay , barrel - chest and older , voice like a bullhorn , be already boss about the young player , urging they to " think " .. taylor dunno . it be just obvious . mcgovern in midfield , mackay at the back , o'hare up front . the skewer be not it ? in the shish kebab . clough watch mackay pass the ball , create space .. clough it 's beautiful . a thing of fuck beauty !! clough grab taylor 's head , kiss he . over this : we fade in the roar from the crowd ... 42 ext . dugout - carlisle - day - ( 1968 ) 42 caption : `carlisle ' goal !! derby score . clough and taylor leap to they foot . 43 ext . dugout - bury - day - ( 1968 ) 43 caption : ` bury ' goal !! derby score . clough and taylor leap to they foot . 44 ext . dugout - huddersfield - day - ( 1968 ) 44 caption : `huddersfield ' goal !! derby score . clough and taylor leap to they foot . 45 flickering archive footage : - ( 1968 ) 45 of derby win the championship . of news station announce it in the midland . 46 int . SAM longson be house - night 46 a large , swanky house , as befit the multi-millionaire owner of a successful haulage business . ( CO ntinu ed ) 29 46 con tinue D : 46 SAM longson , brian clough , peter taylor and dave mackay be all celebrate with all they family . the trophy be centre-stage . clough sing a Sinatra classic .. clough " Love and marriage , love and marriage , it 's a institute you can not disparage . . " to everyone 's amusement : clough sing to peter taylor , not he own wife .. clough ( cont would ) " try , try , try to separate they , it 's a illusion . try , try , try and you will only come to this conclusion .. " in another corner : mackay be amiably ribbing longson .. mackay ... " the man 's crock " , " older than time " " break more bone than evel knievel ? " longson all right , I admit it , I be wrong . longson start eat he trademark feel hat . much cheer as he munch in disgust and swallow with difficulty . suddenly , dave mackay look up , see the television . call for quiet !! on tv : a live award presentation . from London . don revie be be present with a award ... revie ..for Leeds to win the first division title , and for I to be name as English manager of the year ... feel like a dream come true ... clough watch . his expression change . his eye burn into revie 's . clough you enjoy it , Don . go home , put you foot up and fuck enjoy it . there 's a good lad . because we will be in the first division next season . and we be go to have you ! loud cheer from longson , taylor , mackay and clough . over this : we fade in the sound of roaring ... ( CO ntinu ed ) 29a 46 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 46 CUT to : 47 ext . wembley stadium - day - ( 1974 ) 47 archive tv footage : wembley Stadium on Charity Shield day . the open of the 1974 / 5 season . commentator's voice the twin tower of wembley Stadium , the cathedral of English football on a glorious late -summer 's day ... good afternoon everyone , it 's the Charity Shield , the open Saturday of the 1974 season , and a first chance to get a look at Brian clough 's Leeds ... 30 48 int . wembley stadium - day - ( 1974 ) 48 don revie be be interview by a tv journalist in sheepskin coat and headphone .. journalist will you be support Leeds today , Don ? revie you would expect nothing less have be they manager for 13 year . but the fact be I be here today as manager of England ... journalist do you have any advice to give you successor , Brian clough , before he first game ? a mischievous smile barely perceptible of revie 's face .. revie win . the people of Leeds be use to win . 49 int . wembley dressing -room - day - ( 1974 ) 49 clough with the leed team in the dress - room before kick off . player change . the stink of ralgex . physios bandage the injure . jimmy gordon massage one or two player . clough right , the team for today be : harvey in goal , reaney , cherry , bremner , mcqueen , Hunter , lorimer , Clarke , Jordan , gile , Gray . clough fold a piece of paper . a flicker of vulnerability . clough ( cont would ) obviously all eye will be on we to see how thing have change . without Don . what might be different under I . let 's show they some of the thing we have be work on . we change in attitude , too . we new outlook . New discipline . New approach . ( a beat ) let 's see some of you play with a smile . team talk over : the player put on they shoe . make final preparation . 30a 49a int . tunnel - wembley - day - ( 1974 ) 49a the two team be limbering up in the tunnel . clough take he place ahead of billy bremner .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 31 49a con tinue D : 49 a clough of course , it go without say I would like you to continue as Club Captain . silence . bremner continue to limber up ... clough ( cont would ) you know , son , I have nothing but the high regard for you as a player . they player get the instruction to walk out , towards the roar of the crowd ... clough ( cont would ) in fact , I write you a card say as much . do you not get it ? from majorca ? the roar of the crowd grow louder ... clough ( cont would ) say how excited I be to be take this job . how much I think we could achieve together . and invite you and you family down to we place in calla Major any time you like ? bremner never get it . they walk out into the roar of the crowd .... 50 ext . wembley stadium - day - ( 1974 ) 50 don revie sit in the stadium watch as : clough lead he Leeds player out . 67,000 fan scream and shouting . a stony - face bremner behind he . 51 ext . wembley stadium - day - ( 1974 ) 51 clough 's face in close - up . sing the National anthem . he see revie in the crowd . clough 's eye . revie 's eye . all around they , ( archive footage ) 67,000 belting out " God save the Queen " . but there might as well not be . ( CO ntinu ed ) 31a 51 con tinue D : 51 it 's just revie and clough . ( CO ntinu ed ) 32 51 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 51 archive footage : the National anthem finish . a great roar go up . 52 int . commentator be BOX - wembley - day - ( 1974 ) 52 the game be underway . the t.v. match commentator can hardly believe what they be see , ( we catch snippet of flickering archive footage on they monitor ) ... commentator Kevin keegan go to ground .... roll around on the pitch .... that almost look like johnny gile 's fist make contact with Kevin keegan 's face ... it be !... the referee 's pull out he book ... now a fight have break out ! 53 ext . pitch - day - ( 1974 ) 53 on the pitch : bremner and keegan have start fight .. commentator ( v.o. ) billy bremner of Leeds and Kevin keegan of Liverpool have come to blow ... 54 ext . dug - out - day - ( 1974 ) 54 clough watch from the dug-out . unable to believe he eye .. clough for fuck 's sake .. commentator ( v.o. ) ... the referee be talk to he linesman ..! he 's send they off ! the referee be send off both player .. 55 ext . pitch - day - ( 1974 ) 55 billy bremner walk off , angrily remove he shirt .. 56 ext . wembley - day ( 1974 ) 56 archive footage : Liverpool lift the cup aloft . delirious cheer from they fan ... 33 57 ext . roadside - country - day - ( 1974 ) 57 the Leeds coach have pull up and the player be all have a piss-break . among they clough .. clough ( over he shoulder ) because lose be not enough , be it ? you only have to be the first englishman to be send off at wembley . we camera widen to reveal billy bremner pissing in line with norman hunter and johnny gile .. bremner ( through gritt tooth ) not fuck English . clough there I be make a big song and dance to the media about we new approach . we new attitude . we new ethic . and you turn the place into fuck verdun . my captain . silence . clough shake himself dry . clough ( cont would ) what be I go to do if they suspend you ? you be my best player . I tell you , I have a mind to fine you two week wage ! bremner you can not do that ! Mr. revie always pay all we fine . clough well he 's not fuck here now , be he ? bremner no , he 's not . bremner , gile and hunter turn . walk back towards the bus . bremner ( cont would ) more 's the fuck pity . CUT to : 58 int . revie' office - elland road - day - ( 1969 ) 58 don revie 's face : he watch through a window in elland Road , as .... 34 59 ext . car park - elland road - day - ( 1969 ) 59 the derby coach arrive . hydraulic brake hisssssss . Doors open . boot , shoe , walk down step . brian clough , peter taylor and the derby Army disembark . clough 's face : as he look up at the write on the side of the stadium . leed UNITED f.c . 60 int . dressing - room - elland road - day - ( 1969 ) 60 some player get dress . clough , taylor and jimmy gordon massage other . shin-pad . Water-bottle . clough right , last time there be a whole division between you and Leeds . not now . not today . today we be here as second division champion , and equal with Leeds . John mcgovern and billy bremner , equal . Kevin hector and johnny gile , equal . Alan hinton and Peter lorimer , John o'hare and Paul madely . equal . now , c'mon , chin up . chest out . we can take this fuck lot . the player clatter out , stud rattling down the tunnel , into the roar of the crowd .. caption : leed 5 - derby 0 61 int . HOTEL / pub - derby - night - ( 1969 ) 61 clough and taylor in a desert bar . alone . a television play in the corner . don revie 's face on tv ... don revie ( on tv ) ... obviously it 's a terrific achievement for derby , be promote to the first division , but the truth be Leeds United have a unfortunate habit of remind they just how far they still have to go .. taylor arrogant twat .. clough but he 's right . five nothing . they make we look like fool today . and what be John o'hare do ? letting madeley bully he like that . ( mo re ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 35 61 con tinue D : 61 clo ugh ( cont would ) push he around . madeley 's half he bloody size . o' Hare need to toughen up . he 's from Scottish dockyard , be not he ? and what about John mcgovern ? he be useless in the middle . who 's idea be that ? taylor your . clough he be all over the place . like the wandering Jew . give the ball to anyone but he own . we need a ball player , a natural in midfield . who will hold onto it . keep possession . we be give it away too easily . taylor someone like Colin Todd . clough ( sharp intake ) oooh , now you be talk . Lovely pair of foot . taylor I have hear he want out of sunderland , too . they be all jump ship up there . clough think for a moment , then ... clough well , go on then . sign he . taylor what ? we can not . longson 's already tell we . Club 's in debt . clough bollock to that . I have not bring we all the way to the first division just to sit there mid-table , and be cannon fodder for side like Leeds . sign the man . taylor hang on , hang on , careful ... clough I will handle bloody longson . 36 62 ext . training ground - derby - day - ( 1972 ) 62 clough be work a session with the derby player . a car screech into the car park behind . a red-face , apoplectic SAM longson get out .. uncle SAM a hundred and seventy grand ?!? for Colin fuck Todd ?!? clough correction , the almighty Colin Todd . the best technical footballer in the country . uncle SAM a salary of three hundred quid a week ? you can not pay a footballer that !! clough that 's the way thing be go , uncle Sam . football 's all about money now . uncle SAM I tell you never to go over my head again . clough have no choice . window open up . you be in the bloody West indie . uncle SAM window ? you mean there be other ?!? clough messr . gemmell and hennessy . two player turn and wave to longson .. gemmell / hennessy afternoon ! / hello ! uncle SAM ( eye pop / apoplectic ) for fuck sake ! clough let I ask you a question , uncle Sam . what do you come into football for ? uncle SAM to support the football club in my home town . the club I have support all my life . ( CO ntinu ed ) 37 62 con tinue D : 62 clough well , I be sure we all admire you loyalty ... uncle SAM what I didn 't come into it for be to be lecture by a cocky little twat from the North East . clough but the way I see it , there 's no point be in this game unless you want to beat the best , and be the best , and that 's all the people of derby want . to see they team on top of the tree , derby , derby uber alle , and if it 's really they interest you have at heart , not just impress you friend in the director 's box , I suggest you keep you eye on you road haulage business , keep you opinion to yourself and start signing some fuck cheque , there 's a good lad . leave the run of this football club to the professional . uncle SAM but professional don 't run the club , Brian , the Chairman do . and if it 's true , that football be all about money , and that 's the way it 's go , that 's suit we chairmen just fuck fine .. because we be the one who have get it . SAM longson light a cigar , and walk off . 63 ext . car park - baseball ground - day - ( 1972 ) 63 the Leeds coach pull into the derby car park . Doors open . don revie and syd owen disembark . follow by the Leeds player . smoke . side-burns . Long - haire assassin one and all . 64 int . corridor - same time - ( 1972 ) 64 clough and taylor watch from a upstairs corridor window .. clough see they have drive all the way into the car park this time . ( CO ntinu ed ) 38 64 con tinue D : 64 taylor it 's not a cup game , be it ? clough and taylor look at one another , " nutter " . 65 int . dressing - room - baseball ground - day - ( 1972 ) 65 a atmosphere of expectation and excitement . outside , the sound of the crowd . the sound of tannoy announcement . clough go to JOHN mcgovern .. clough you know what you job be today ? mcgovern yes , boss . stay in position . keep the shape . " stop be the wandering Jew " . clough good lad . and enjoy it . you deserve to . you have work hard this week . clough move to JOHN o'hare . clough ( cont would ) clear about what you be do today ? o'hare be big . be strong . any chance I get , flatten Paul fuck madely . clough good lad . he bully you , you bully he back . and near post for the corner we work on . o'hare yes , boss . clough move to another player . ( he new signing , colin todd ) clough understand what I want from you today , son ? todd ( smile ) I should , Mr. clough . it 's simple enough . ( CO ntinu ed ) 39 65 con tinue D : 65 clough go on , let 's hear it . todd " to be Colin fuck Todd , the best technical footballer in the country . " laughter in the dress - room . clough there , how could you forget that ? now come on .. ( clap hand ) up and at `em ! clough hold the door open , shaking each and every one of the player ' hand as they clatter out into the tunnel .. 66 ext . touchline - day - ( 1972 ) 66 clough sit in he dug-out . while jimmy gordon and taylor be call out instruction to the derby player on the pitch ... clough stare at revie and he lieutenant in they neighbour dug-out . presently ... clough 's view , and we frame be fill by two wheel - chair carry disabled / learn difficulty fan wear rosettes ... the wheel - chair fan look at clough for a beat , then violently shake a rattle ... wheel -chair fan come on leed !!!!! clough 's face : shocked . then , all of a sudden .... " rrrrroooooooaaaaaarrrrrr " , a roar go up . goal Leeds . revie and he henchmen leap to they foot , delighted . applaud . the wheel -chair fan scream with delight . make a `wanker ' gesture in clough 's face . clough 's face : darken like thunder . 67 int . dressing - room - baseball ground - day - ( 1972 ) 67 caption : " half - time : derby 0 , leed 1 " the derby player sit in the dress - room . shake . terrify . try to hide , find shelter , find protection . ( CO ntinu ed ) 40 67 con tinue D : 67 already fear the rocket they will get , the lash of he tongue .. presently , the door open , and clough walk in , carry a bottle of brandy , remy Martin . clough congratulation , lad ! beautiful ! that be as perfect a half of terrible football as I have ever see . the plan you have obviously be hatching to get I the sack have work a treat , so you deserve a little celebration ... clough pour brandy into a tea-cup , give it to a player .. clough ( cont would ) you do want I to get the sack ? mcgovern no , boss . clough then why the fuck do you give it to they most dangerous player , johnny fuck gile ? mcgovern I do not see he . clough turn to another player , ( JOHN o'hare ) , pour he a shot of cognac ... clough you want I to get the sack , Mr o'hare ? o'hare no , boss . clough that open goal ? look like a deliberate fuck miss to I . a miss to get you manager the sack . clough turn to a third player , ( colin todd ) , hand he a cup .. clough ( cont would ) you do want I to get the sack , Mr. Todd ? todd no . ( CO ntinu ed ) 41 67 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 67 clough no what ? todd no , boss . clough the amount of bloody money I pay for you , I must have be out of my mind . you can not even keep on you foot . todd no , boss . clough turn , and face the room . clough you have all do a terrific job of get I the sack . so I be not let you out of here for the second half , until you have finish the bottle . the player stare at one another , hold they drink . clough ( cont would ) drink !!! the player nervously down they drink . clough exit .. 68 int . tunnel outside dressing -room - day - ( 1972 ) 68 clough walk out to see peter taylor and jimmy gordon wait - who be listen through the door .. taylor you can not do that !! clough wink ... clough can not I ? just you fuck watch I !! clough storm off . peter taylor be leave alone . look pale . momentarily hold he chest ... jimmy you all right ? taylor yeah .... fine . taylor indicate jimmy 's cigarettes . ( CO ntinu ed ) 41a 68 con tinue D : 68 taylor ( cont would ) giz a fag . 42 69 int . tunnel - baseball ground - day - ( 1972 ) 69 the derby player run out , belching , watch and encourage by peter taylor ... jimmy gordon emerge from the dress - room , hold the empty bottle of scotch ... jimmy ( to taylor ) where 's he go now ? 70 int . manger' office - baseball ground - day - ( 1972 ) 70 clough pace in he office . unable to watch . like a expectant father . presently the building reverberate with a large ... rrrroooaaaarrrrrrrrr . a goal . but score by whom ? derby or Leeds ? clough look up at the clock . the clock on the wall show it 's 4.20 . visibly anxious , clough start pace again . presently , another deafen ... rrrrroooooaaaaarrrrrrr the building be almost bring to it 's foundation .. clough look up . desperate to know . derby or Leeds ? but it 's only 4.35 . game still not over . not by a long way . clough carry on pace . walk from one side of the room to the next . Left to right . right to leave . then , another stadium - shaking .. rrrrrrooooooaaaaaarrrrrr clough look up at the clock . 4.55 . this be intolerable . the game must be over now . clough can not bear it a moment longer . he open the door . 43 71 int . corridor - baseball ground - day - ( 1972 ) 71 clough walk down a corridor . then run . then check himself . slow down . dignity . dignity . but still walk as fast as he can . clough turn a corner to the dress - room and the tunnel , then see peter taylor up ahead enter the tunnel from the pitch with several derby player .. clough stop . taylor look up . see clough . they eye meet . clough 's eye . taylor 's eye . word be not necessary . taylor 's smile say it all . clough run towards taylor . the two man embrace . clough and ..? taylor 2- 1 !!! clough who score ? taylor o'hare . a brace . oh , Brian , you should have see he first . turn bremner inside out , nutmeg madeley for good measure . it be beautiful . you would think he would be bear in Rio de Janeiro , not aber-bloody - deen .. clough and taylor walk off down the corridor . taylor ( cont would ) what make you go for the brandy ? clough they be just nervous . shit themselves . you could tell . taylor you be a bloody genius . I tell you what , bri - if we can beat this lot , we can go all the way . 44 72 a teleprompter rattle across our screen : 72 derby win against ipswich town - 1- 0 73 derby fan celebrate 73 74 a teleprompter rattle across our screen : 74 derby win against Sheffield United - 4- 0 75 derby fan celebrate 75 76 a teleprompter rattle across our screen : 76 derby beat huddersfield town - 3- 0 77 derby fan chanting 77 78 archive television footage - ( 1972 ) 78 a newsreader announce that derby County have win the first division championship . 78a int . baseball ground - changing room - day - ( 1972 ) 78a the derby player celebrate in a communal bath , hold the trophy , drink champagne . spray one another with water . 79 ext . derby STREET - day - ( 1972 ) 79 clough , taylor and roy macfarland hold aloft a large trophy , travel on board a open - top bus , through derby . the whole town have take to the street . 80 ext . derby STREET - day - ( 1972 ) 80 clough , still celebrate , and still surround by player and fan clough derby County win the championship be a victory for decency , for honesty and for football . because they do not pull shirt , or nudge people in the back in the box . ( mo re ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 44a 80 con tinue D : 80 clo ugh ( cont would ) they do not protest every decision , chop , hack or bully - unlike some team I could mention - beginning with the letter ` L '.. journalist laugh ... clough ( cont would ) if you ask I , the best thing for british football , the quick way to clean it up , would be fore dirty side like Leeds to be send down for a spell in division two . 45 81 ext . revie' home - leed - day - ( 1972 ) 81 don revie speak to journalist outside he home .. revie I have not personally hear Mr. clough 's comment , but they have be report to I , and we solicitor be look into they . if I could offer Mr. clough some advice ... I think he would be better off keep he opinion to himself ... some of this allegation against Leeds United and he fellow professional be a absolute disgrace ... 82 and we're into a quickfire montage of : 82 clough appear on half - a- dozen tv show . Quick , controversial , charismatic , witty . a natural media star , ( we intercut we actor with the genuine archive footage ) clough Don revie ? ooooh. ( shudder playfully ) do not mention that name to I . david frost it 's really like the other House of commons . you hate to mention he . why ? clough I hate to mention he why ? because he 's a very talented man and I do not like he . the audience laugh . clough ( cont would ) he 's a very , very talented man and he record be unsurpassable . but I just happen not to like he . and I do not like the way he go about football either . football be a game of opinion and there be perhaps people in you profession who do not like the way you do you bit . david frost sure . ( CO ntinu ed ) 45aa 82 con tinue D : 82 clough and er ... it make the game go round . half the country do not like a Labour government . it just happen that the other half do . david frost ( on tv ) why do not you want I to ask why you do not like he ? clough ( on tv ) because I can not tell you . it 's impossible . we would get close down , David . JOHN sadler , pipe smoking football journalist , sit in a television studio , ( calender ) .. JOHN sadler Brian , you have be call big-head , arrogant , brash , the lot - clough by you profession , John , yeah . JOHN salder sure . and a whole of it right too . clough and a whole lot of it wrong . JOHN salder Fine . I will concede that . so how would you define you approach to management , apart from be brilliant ? all laugh . clough ( laugh , rub eye ) good lad . thank you for the compliment . it 's very , very difficult when you get ask a question like that . david coleman , black and white footage , speak into a bakolite telephone .. coleman ( on tv ) you have achieve something here that most manager struggle for year to achieve this . it 's come to you very young . be you surprised ? ( CO ntinu ed ) 45ab 82 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 82 clough sit at home , he son on he lap . ( CO ntinu ed ) 45a 82 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 82 clough suprise , David .. but more than surprised , delighted . it 's nice be not it . for the good guy to win for once . coleman which for you be the most important match to win and the best performance from you point of view ... clough beating Leeds United , obviously . always a particular pleasure that . coleman Brian , you have also do it on comparatively small gate , which I know have niggle you a little bit during the season . clough niggled I , David , it 's absolutely make I blaze . to be honest , I know what I want to achieve , I know what the people of derby want we to achieve , but when you have get a chairman not want to put he hand in he pocket ... michael parkinson , the high rating talk show on tv .. clough ( cont would ) you ever see eighty five or perhaps ninety percent of chairmen talk - I would love a few chairmen on you programme occasionally - I believe the very sight of they bring the game into disrepute ( some clap in the audience ) . and every time they open they mouth it kill it . because the very thing they have give I a lot of stick about over the year - about talk too much and go on television too much , there be the very people who can put two word together and its rather embarrassing to I that a man - or man - can stop I talk to people like you . I love football . it 's deep , it go right down through . it 's in every nerve , vein , you name it . it consume I . and when I have to come and talk about I like the passion of football to come out . because there be not enough in the game . ( mo re ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 45 aa 82 con tinue D : ( 4 ) 82 clo ugh ( cont would ) I like a bit of the honesty , I like a bit of the truth . I accept without any shadow of a doubt that I talk too much , apart from on this show . laughter . parkinson ( on tv ) how do you react when someone say " boss , you be do it wrong ? " clough ( on tv ) I say , " how do you think it should be do ? " we talk about it for twenty minute , then we decide I be right . black and white archive tv footage of mohammed ali mohammed ali .. the world know who I be . the world know I talk a lot . ( mo re ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 46 82 con tinue D : ( 5 ) 82 moh ammed ali ( con t'd ) but there 's some fellow in London , England name .... " Brian clough " ... ( audience laughter ) anyway I hear all the way in America , they say he 's another Mohammed Ali . well , there 's just one Mohammed Ali . I want you to know ... ( jabbing finger ) clough ... you be not take my job . I be the talker . now , clough ... enough . stop it ! 83 int - clough' house - derby - day - ( 1973 ) 83 clough and taylor , surround by friend and family , with flower , telegram , bottle of champagne , box of cigar . watch the Mohammed Ali on television . taylor be you go to stop it ? clough no , I want to fight he ! they roar with laughter . cheer and celebration . everyone rough up clough 's hair , patting he on the back . CUT to : 84 int . football association hq - london - day - ( 1974 ) 84 the queen 's face . full -frame . beside she prince philip . a portrait of her majesty the Queen and hrh the Duke of Kent hang on a oak - pannel wall : the patron and the President of the football Association .. beneath the portrait : a long table in a boardroom . a austere six - man disciplinary committee of the fa . blazer and button . whisker and power . aldermen , freemason , Generals , white - hair and golden button . admiral , president and vice - president . sitting in front of the committee ... billy bremner and brian clough . like schoolchild .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 47 84 con tinue D : 84 committee chairman William bremner , you conduct in the Charity Shield match be deplorable and can not be tolerate . clough it be . committee chairman we understand Leeds be take disciplinary action against you internally , however the football Association have to be see to make a example . we have therefore decide to impose a fine of five hundred pound .. clough 's face : a victorious look . clough thank you .. committee chairman ... and a suspension until September 30th ... " bang " , he bring down a gavel . clough 's face : the smile fade .. clough ( disbely laugh ) what ? September 30th ? that 's more than a month ? thats six bloody week ?? committee chairman I will make it seven if you carry on with language like that .. clough c'mon , double the fine . treble it . anything . do not suspend he for that long . he 's my Captain . the best player I have get . the committee member get to they foot and walk out . ( CO ntinu ed ) 47a 84 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 84 clough 's face : over this : the sound of a ringing phone . the sound of a familiar voice at the other end .. taylor ( o.s. ) hello ? 85 int . dragonara HOTEL - clough' room - night - ( 1974 ) 85 clough in he cheap hotel - room . peter taylor 's voice the other end .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 48 85 con tinue D : 85 clough I suppose you have hear ! 86 int . taylor's house - same time - ( 1974 ) 86 taylor freeze , hearing the voice , ( we intercut as necessary for the remainder of the call ) .. taylor God ... what time be it ? clough suspend for eleven bloody game !! taylor I know . you be buggere . billy bremner 's the heart and soul of that team . clough plus Mike Jones and Eddie Gray be injure . taylor like I say . you be buggere . clough what do I do , Pete ? I need new player . tell I who to buy . taylor no , Brian . clough help I . c'mon , we will sort this place out together . you and I . turn it around . taylor it 's too late . I would have help you once . but not now . not after what be say . we be on we own now . each man for himself . remember ? ( CO ntinu ed ) 49 86 con tinue D : 86 " click " , taylor hang up . clough stare at the receiver . 86a omitted 86a 86b omitted 86b 49a 87 ext . car park - baseball ground - day - ( 1974 ) 87 the same sign as earlier . " mr . D. mackay - manager " . clough stare at the sign as he park he car in the space beside it . a stab in he heart . 88 int . baseball ground - day - ( 1974 ) 88 clough walk along a corridor . see the player training outside . he player . derby player . to one side , mcgovern and o'hare . clough look out at they . he wink , discreetly at they . they look back , and nod . then get back to work . the sound of laughter . the camaraderie of a family . what a contrast to Leeds . clough walk along a corridor with photo on the wall . frame photo of he victory . he club . he family . he home . 89 int . manager' office - baseball ground - day - ( 1974 ) 89 clough walk into the office to see dave mackay behind he desk . who get to he foot . extends he hand . mackay well , look who it be ! come to raid my larder ? or just miss the place ? clough mcgovern and o'hare . I have speak to they on the phone . they want to come and play for I . ( CO ntinu ed ) 50 89 con tinue D : 89 mackay aye , and you can have `em . a hundred and fifty thousand pound for the pair . clough cheeky sod ! they be not worth a penny more than seventy . mackay but you be desperate now , be not you ? have lose to stoke and Birmingham .. ( a beat ) all , right , since it 's you .. I will knock ten grand off . clough give you a hundred grand . mackay one thirty . final offer . clough be about to explode , then .. clough all right . done . the two men shake hand . barely . clough ( cont would ) so? enjoy yourself ? mackay two win from two . what 's not to enjoy ? you ? clough love it . different class , Leeds . proper club . big club . mackay demand result there , though , Brian . clough hey , it 's ` boss ' to you . mackay not any more . clough I buy you when you be crock , you fat bastard . and give you the two best year of you career . it will always be ` boss ' to you . ( CO ntinu ed ) 51 89 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 89 clough walk to the door . he turn , and indicate the desk . clough ( cont would ) ever tempt to burn that bloody desk ? chop it up and burn it ? mackay why would I do that ? clough exorcise the bloody place . get rid of I . mackay why ? you be not here anymore , be you ? be a waste of a perfectly good desk . 90 ext . motorway - day - ( 1974 ) 90 clough drive he car . clench the steering wheel in fury . clough Fucking Scot . 91 int . dragonara HOTEL - bar - day - ( 1974 ) 91 it 's late : jimmy gordon with clough in the bar .. jimmy mcgovern and o'hare ? can not believe he actually sell they to you . it must be true , then .. clough what ? jimmy the rumour that he 's after buy Duncan mackenzie . it 's why he need the money . clough who 's Duncan mackenzie ? over this : the sound of a ringing phone ... 92 omitted 92 52 93 omitted 93 94 ext / int . victoria HOTEL - sheffield - day - ( 1974 ) 94 duncan mackenzie , long-haire , chain -smoke , bemuse , stand in the lobby of the hotel . over this : we hear ... clough ( o.s. ) be that Duncan mackenzie ? mackenzie ( o.s. ) yes . this be he . clough ( o.s. ) now listen to I . you go get you coat and you skate on because you be come to meet I at the Victoria Hotel in Sheffield in half and hour . and Duncan ? mackenzie ( o.s. ) yes , Mr. clough . clough ( o.s. ) bring a bloody pen , because you be signing for Leeds United today . 95 int . bar - victoria HOTEL - sheffield - day - ( 1974 ) 95 ` pop ' , a waiter uncork champagne , pour it into glass . clough and he three sheepish new signing : mcgovern , o'hare and duncan mackenzie sit uneasily in the bar . clough congratulation , lad !! my first signing for Leeds . my Leeds United . play with flair and win with honour . win the `right ' way . and win the admiration of fan all over Europe because ... mcgovern because of the way we play . ( CO ntinu ed ) 53 95 con tinue D : 95 clough because of the way we play !!! mackenzie light a cigarette .. clough ( cont would ) we be go all the way , lad . inter Milan , Barcelona . we be go to win silverware Don revie could only dream of . mcgovern /o'hare yes , boss . clough and you , Mr. mackenzie , you score twenty - eight goal last season . you will score I twenty - nine goal this . mackenzie yes , Mr. clough . clough do you know how many goal I score before I get injure ? mackenzie I be sorry , Mr. clough . I do not . clough two hundred and fifty -one . mcgovern and o'hare privately exchange look , " here go " . clough ( cont would ) do you know how many game it take I ? mackenzie I be sorry , Mr. clough , I do not . clough have a guess . go on ... o'hare mouth " two hundred and seventy - four " .. mackenzie Three hundred ? mcgovern close he eye , " moron . " ( CO ntinu ed ) 54 95 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 95 clough two hundred and seventy - four ! now what do you think about that ? mackenzie be that a record , Mr. clough ? clough ( roll eye ) ` course it 's a bloody record . clough shoot a look to the other .. clough ( cont would ) you know what else you lot can do that 's even more important ? you can be my eye and ear in that dress room . mackenzie / o'hare yes , Mr. clough / yes , boss clough need to know what they say about I . who 's make trouble . who the ringleader be . mackenzie yes , Mr. clough . clough want you to help I clear this place out . make it my team , understand . our team . clean it up and clear it out once and for all . mackenzie yes , Mr. clough . clough indicate mackenzie 's drink .. clough now c'mon , drink up . we be off to meet the press . mackenzie yes , Mr. clough . mackenzie knock back he champagne .. clough and Duncan ..? mackenzie yes , Mr. clough ? ( CO ntinu ed ) 55 95 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 95 clough it 's " boss " from now on . there 's a good lad . mackenzie yes , Mr. clough . clough sigh and go . mcgovern and o'hare roll they eye . mackenzie stub he cigarette , and hurry after they .. 96 ext . elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 96 " flash " , photograph be be take by PRESS of the three new signing , duncan mckenzie , JOHN o'hare and JOHN mcgovern , all wear Leeds shirt . pull back to reveal : they be be watch from a distance by several Leeds senior player .. 97 int . elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 97 clough walk through a corridor , brush past johnny gile , billy bremner and several other senior player . a intimidating atmosphere .. bremner what the hell do you buy they for ? waste of bloody money . clough Duncan mackenzie score twenty - eight goal last season . John o'hare and John mcgovern be both internationals . gile we have get two striker , Alan Clarke and Mick Jones , they be internationals , too . clough and one 's injure and the other 's fuck suspend . bremner maybe if you spend a little more time here on the training ground with we , you would not need to buy derby " reject " . ( a beat ) we have a game Saturday . against queen Park ranger . or have you forget ? ( CO ntinu ed ) 56 97 con tinue D : 97 clough I have not forget . gile well , you have not tell we a single thing about how qpr will play . Mr revie would have file and dossier prepare . have the reserve play the ranger way all week . have the first team look out for this and that . clough bollock to Mr. revie ! you be professional footballer . stop Stan bowle ! that 's all you need to know about qpr . and I do not have to justify myself to you . not how or when I conduct training . not who I buy or pick to play . gile no . not to we . but come Saturday afternoon , there will be 40000 people here who you do have to justify yourself , to . gile , bremner et al walk off . clough leave , stare . over this : a large rrrrroooaaarrrr . goal . 98 int . leed dressing - room - day - ( 1974 ) 98 the leed player trudge in , after the game . angry . head hang low . begin to strip off . caption : " qpr 1 , Leeds 0 . " clough enter . visibly gut by the result , but now 's not the time to show it .. clough sorry , lad . clough walk round the dress - room , shaking hand individually , patting player on the back ... clough ( cont would ) you be rob out there today . Broad bloody daylight . that be never a penalty . clough 's tone be sensitive . tactful . considerate . ( CO ntinu ed ) 56A 98 con tinue D : 98 clough ( cont would ) Stan bowle ? dive like that ? man 's a disgrace .. but several of the leed player refuse he hand . or freeze at he touch . turn away from he .. clough ( cont would ) I have speak to the referee already . give he a piece of my mind . and come Monday morning , mark my word , I shall be take this further ... the leed player stare at one another . shoot one another look . clough ( cont would ) anyway , I want you all to know , I be not in the slight bit critical of you performance today . not a bit of it . you be terrific out there ... ( CO ntinu ed ) 57 98 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 98 norman hunter spit in contempt . gile turn and walk out , into the shower . clough ( cont would ) I could not ask for more effort . commitment . ( tailing off ) Passion . the leed player follow . finally o'hare and mcgovern , too . a deathly silence . clough be leave alone in the dress - room . over this : the sound of a ringing telephone . a gruff voice answer .. revie ( v.o. ) hello ? 98a int . clough' room - dragonara HOTEL - night 98a it 's the middle of the night . clough speak into the phone , visibly the worse for wear from alcohol ... clough ( v.o. ) you must be loving this . love every minute . 98b int . revie' house - bedroom - night - ( 1974 ) 98b don revie 's face , half -asleep . visibly irritate . he sit up in bed . a stout Yorkshire matron wake beside he . revie who be this ? clough watch it all fall apart . it 's Brian clough . revie what ? clough they will not play for I . you boy . you bastard son . and never will . revie be you drunk , man ? it 's two in the morning . what do you want ? why be you ringing I here ? 57a 98c int . dragonara HOTEL - night - ( 1974 ) 98c clough they be loyal to you . think you would like to know that . loyal to Big daddy Don .. revie for God 's sake go to sleep . where 's you dignity , man ? and do not call here again . " click " , revie hang up . clough stare at the receiver . 99 omitted 99 100 ext . car park - baseball ground - day - ( 1973 ) 100 the Leeds coach arrive at derby . hydraulic brake hissssssss . Doors open . boot , shoe , walk down step . don revie , syd owen and the Leeds player disembark . harvey , reaney , cherry , bremner , hunter , lormier , clarke , jordan , gile , gray walk towards the derby dress - room .. 101 int . boardroom - baseball ground - same time - ( 1973 ) 101 SAM longson stand by the window , look out into the car park . he see the Leeds United player . read they mood . ( CO ntinu ed ) 58 101 con tinue D : 101 they face . they focus . they murderous intent . a flicker of concern on SAM longson 's face . he think , then call out to he secretary .. longson get I today 's team sheet , will you ? he let the curtain fall .. 102 int . corridor - baseball ground - day - ( 1973 ) 102 SAM longson walk through corridor of elland Road , carry the team sheet . walk towards the dress - room . he turn a corner and run into clough .. clough what 's up , uncle Sam ? bit below stair for you here , be not it ? taken a wrong turn somewhere ? longson just see the team sheet . hinton , o'hare , Todd , mackay . ( look leave and right ) that 's we strongest side . clough of course it 's we strongest side . it 's Leeds United . would you prefer I send out the apprentice ? longson we be at juventus mid-week . semi-final of the european Cup . biggest night in the club 's history !! could not you just field ... clough what ? longson y'know ... clough a weaker side ? be I hearing right ? be the chairman of this football club seriously ask he manager to lose ? longson you know what I mean .. clough against they biggest rival ? ( CO ntinu ed ) 59 102 con tinue D : 102 longson the Chairman of this football club be ask he manager to be pragmatic . manage he resource . prioritise . we have embark on a huge program of refurbishment and improvement . New stand . better floodlight . we need a good run in Europe to pay for it . clough I be go to pretend I do not hear a word of this . clough turn to walk away . longson call after he .. longson ( check watch ) we have still get twenty minute before kick -off . I would reconsider if I be you . I would not want my employer to be unhappy .. clough my employer ? longson Chairman of derby County . and Chairman long before you ever show up . clough that 's right . you be Chairman of derby County before I come here . I remember that . when derby County be at the fuck foot of the second division , when nobody have hear of they for twenty year and nobody have hear of Sam bloody longson ever . full stop . and that 's where you would still fuck be if it be not for I ; at the foot of the bloody second division , where nobody remember you and nobody have hear of you . there would be no derby County without I , no league title , no champion of England ; not without Brian clough . a door open and peter taylor walk out in time to hear ... longson I be go to give you some good advice , Brian clough . ( mo re ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 60 102 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 102 lon gson ( cont would ) no matter how good you think you be , or how clever , or how many fancy new friend you make on the telly , the reality of football life be this : the Chairman be the boss , then come the director , then the secretary , then the fan , then the player , and finally , last of all , bottom - of - the - heap , lowest of the low , the one in the end we can all without , be the bloody manager . longson turn and storm off . taylor look at clough .. taylor what have you do now ? clough do not answer , and storm off in the opposite direction . taylor be leave alone , visibly anxious . 103 ext . pitch - baseball ground - day - ( 1973 ) 103 clough watch from the touch - line as the game be in progress . " crash " , a Leeds player scythes into a derby player . " beeep " , the referee blow he whistle . clough and leap off he bench in fury . shout abuse .. clough you be a bloody disgrace ! you should be in the book for that , cherry ! " beeep " , the referee blow he whistle . revie smile to himself as a derby player be carry off on a stretcher . clough ( cont would ) you be a animal . a fuck animal , Hunter ! SAM longson watch from the director 's box . he close he eye . peter taylor witness this .. " crunch " , another brutal tackle , another whistle . another derby player hobble off the pitch . blood stream from a cut to he head .. clough ( cont would ) I will see you in fuck court , lorimer ! clough 's eye meet revie 's eye along the touchline . 60a 104 ext . pitch - baseball ground - day - ( 1973 ) 104 afterwards : the leed and derby player file off the pitch . bremner brushes roughly past clough ... ( CO ntinu ed ) 61 104 con tinue D : 104 bremner ( under he breath ) good luck in Europe .. clough turn , ` what ? " bremner , gile , hunter , lorimer carry on walk down the tunnel . laugh to themselves .. clough be join by taylor and jimmy gordon . 105 int . derby dressing - room - baseball ground - day - ( 1973 ) 105 afterwards : the derby dress - room look like the emergency room at a hospital .. casualty . blood . stitches . swelling . at least half - a- dozen player be injure . some on stretcher . clough stare in horror at the wreckage from the doorway . SAM longson appear beside he . stare at clough .. longson you fuck idiot . longson turn and walk away . clough turn to survey the carnage in the dress - room . like a battlefield . clough 's eye meet taylor 's . 106 archive television news footage 106 the most important night in derby 's history as the derby player arrive in turin to play against mighty juventus .. 107 int . clough house - night - ( 1973 ) 107 barbara clough and the child . huddle together round the television . eat supper . watch the juventus game on tv . barbara there 's dad , look ! barbara and the kide watch intently . but juventus score one goal . then another . the final whistle . juventus win 3 - 1 . barbara ( cont would ) pity . barbara get to she foot ... barbara ( cont would ) all right . bed time ! everyone clean you tooth ! ( CO ntinu ed ) 62 107 con tinue D : 107 son wait ..! look ..! on tv : clough be in the tunnel . speak to a television reporter . clough ( on tv ) disappointed ? not a bit . my player be heroic out there tonight . effectively we be play the italian champion with a reserve team . that many of we first team be injure ... 108 int . tunnel - juventus - night 108 clough continue . peter taylor stand beside he , visibly pale , stress ... clough ... it 's what happen if you have a Chairman who authorize a multi - million pound refurbishment of the director 's box and hospitality suite before he pay for a proper squad . suppose it depend on you priority . player or prawn sandwich ? I know which I would prefer . I know which honest , work class derby supporter would prefer , too .. a commotion break out . tv journalist ask question , sense a great story . clough continue answer as , beside he , ( unseen by anyone else ) ... ... taylor be white - face , hold he chest . CUT to : 109 int . dressing - room - day - ( 1974 ) 109 clough pour brandy into a glass . duncan mackenzie , JOHN o'hare , and JOHN mcgovern sit in front of he . visibly uncomfortable . mcgovern billy bremner , boss . ( CO ntinu ed ) 63 109 con tinue D : 109 clough who else ? mcgovern norman Hunter . clough who else ? mcgovern Eddie Gray . clough who else ? mcgovern Peter lorimer . clough what be they say ? this fall to mackenzie , who knock back he drink . tremble hand . dutch courage . mackenzie that you be never here . ( a beat ) that they be worried about the future . ( a beat ) that you be just go to fill the place with more derby player . mcgovern and that all thing 's consider they be all a lot happier under ... clough under who ? mcgovern dry . can not find the word .. clough ( cont would ) Don revie ? ( CO ntinu ed ) 64 109 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 109 mackenzie , mcgovern , o'hare avoid he eye .. clough ( cont would ) be that what they say ? mcgovern yes , boss . clough that he 's the boss ? the guvnor ? the capi di tutti Fucking capi ? mcgovern yes , boss . o'hare and that they miss the bingo . clough the bingo ? mcgovern and the carpet bowl . clough carpet bloody bowl ? mcgovern it help they relax before a game . mcgovern and o'hare stare at one another .. o'hare that it , boss ? can we go now ? clough stare , lose in think : the three player go . the door close . clough be leave alone . then he get up , and in a terrifying flash of rage , pick up he glass and throw it against the wall .. 110 ext . car park - day - ( 1974 ) 110 clough walk out into the car park , then he stop in he track when he see .. johnny gile , billy bremner and norman hunter ( among other ) , with they girlfriend and wive and kide , be show brand new car by a sponsor . clough take jimmy gordon aside .. clough what 's all this ? ( CO ntinu ed ) 65 110 con tinue D : 110 jimmy Club car . complimentary for the senior payer . brand new . clough see bremner , gile and hunter try out the sport car . his smile fade . he walk up to the rep from the car firm .. clough Nice to meet you , pet . now , you can take you lovely sport car , and put `em back on you transporter .. representative what ? bremner what be you talk about ? this be ours ! clough you will have complimentary car when you deserve a compliment . right now you do not deserve a complimentary bicycle between you . clough take the keys and give they to the representative .. clough ( cont would ) complimentary car when you be not suspend .. ( indicate bremner ) ... and when you lot start win some game .. ( indicate gile and hunter ) clough go back to he own car .. clough ( cont would ) if I have my way , you would walk to the ground and back every game .. clough get into he car , and roar out , past glower bremner , glower gile , glower hunter , glower girlfriend and wive . 111 ext . clough house - night - ( 1974 ) 111 clough 's car pull up outside he house in derby . he close he eye . breathes a private sigh of relief . Home . at last . safe . surrounded by people who love he . 65a 112 int . clough house - night - ( 1974 ) 112 clough walk into he house . ( CO ntinu ed ) 66 112 con tinue D : 112 barbara what be you do here ? be not you suppose to be in that hotel in Leeds ? clough I could not stand it for another night . clough take off he coat ... barbara what ? so you drive all the way ? what time will you have to get up in the morning ... clough half five . clough bend down . kiss he wife . clough ( cont would ) you smell nice . barbara do I ? clough forgotten what a woman smell like . barbara stroke he head . barbara not like bloody man . that 's for sure . 113 omitted 113 114 int . son ' bedroom - clough house - night - ( 1974 ) 114 clough look into he son ' room . the eldest be fast asleep , but the youngest say , ` dad ? ' clough you still awake ? you should be asleep . nigel tell we a joke , dad ? ( CO ntinu ed ) 67 114 con tinue D : 114 clough a joke ? all right . there 's this bloke walk about in London , when all of a sudden , the city get hit by a Russian ` a ' bomb . booooooooom . clough sit down , stroke he son 's head .. clough ( cont would ) and all the building have fall down . and all the people be dead . and now this bloke be the only man leave in the whole of London . clough continue stroking he son 's hair .. clough ( cont would ) and he suddenly feel very , very lonely because there 's no one else to talk to . nobody else but he . clough 's son fall asleep . clough do not notice .. clough ( cont would ) so he decide that he 's have enough , that he can not bear be this lonely , and so he climb up to the top of the one building still stand . the Post Office Tower . and then he jump off . and he 's fall down , down and down and down , the sixteenth floor , the fifteenth floor , the fourteenth , and that 's when he hear the phone ringing ... clough look down . and get two unexpected shock . the first be that he son be already asleep . the second be , there be a tear run down he own cheek . 115 int . tunnel - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 115 the leed player clatter off the pitch . cover in mud . walk in silence . no smile . head hang low .. caption : " leed 0 - manchester CITY 2 . leed be now FOURTH from bottom " jimmy gordon be wait for clough .. jimmy the Chairman want to see you . Said it be important . right away . ( CO ntinu ed ) 67a 115 con tinue D : 115 clough 's face : already fear the worst . 68 116 int . corridor outside boardroom - day - ( 1974 ) 116 clough walk along the corridor . past the photograph on the wall . the trophy in the cabinet . the picture of a smile don revie - mock he . clough shoot he cuff . roll he neck . a boxer on he way to the ring . a gladiator on he way to the circus . he knock on the door , and walk in . manny cussin , SAM bolton and a third man . a stranger . bolton about bloody time . cussin where you be ? I be about to send out a search party . clough look , Mr. cussin , I know it 's not be the best of start , but in my defence , there be a couple of thing I would like to say ... cussin this be Martin Hughes . he run mercede here in the North . clough ( double-take ) what ? cussin we hear that 's what you like to drive . a mercede ? clough it 's.. what I use to drive at derby . yes . cussin well , we can not have Leeds United be outdone by derby County , can we ? so Martin here be go to take you over to he showroom and get you sort out . they begin to walk to the door . cussin put he arm round clough ... ( CO ntinu ed ) 69 116 con tinue D : 116 cussin ( cont would ) also we figure if you be sit in a spanking new car yourself , you might be a little more bloody lenient with you senior player , who have kick off , as you can imagine - be deny what 's rightfully theirs . bolton never come between a footballer and he motor ! clough no . bolton especially not billy bloody bremner . clough smile nervously , visibly relieved ... clough be that it , then ? cussin why ? you look white as a ghost , man . cussin tighten he grip again , arm round clough . unmistakably intimidating .. cussin ( cont would ) what do you think we would ask you up here for ? cussin 's eye . clough 's eye . the air crackle with menace and intent . CUT to : 117 omitted 117 118 int . hospital - day 118 clough visit peter taylor in a large , crowded ward of old , infirm , die people . it 's a shock . clough heart attack , eh ? taylor have it three week ago , they reckon . ( CO ntinu ed ) 69a 118 con tinue D : 118 taylor ( cont would ) they run all kind of test . ask I about my diet and my family history . ( mo re ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 70 118 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 118 tay lor ( cont would ) I tell they the only thing they need to know be that I share my professional life with Brian clough . that seem to satisfy they . clough manage a smile . move . taylor ( cont would ) I be only half - joke , you know . have we still get job ? clough we have . longson 's try to put a gag order on I , of course . ( mimic ) " any further utterance in public or appearance in the media by Brian clough will be meet with instant dismissal . " taylor well , I hope you take notice . and act accordingly . clough would you like to hear my contrite reply ? clough pull out a letter .. clough ( cont would ) " due to the complete breakdown in communication with the chairman , Peter Taylor and I find it be impossible to continue we good work for derby County . we therefore wish to tender we resignation with immediate effect . " taylor ( horrify ) what ??!? clough what do you think ? taylor I do not want to resign . ( CO ntinu ed ) 71 118 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 118 clough no. nor do I . do not worry , they will never let we . we just win they the championship . but it will strengthen we position and force they to get rid of longson . taylor what ? oh , no , Brian . they will never do that . he 's Chairman . clough I can not do it , Pete . I can not work with my hand tie , a Chairman tell I what I can or cannot do . taylor you be pick the wrong enemy . the enemy 's not longson . it 's revie . and you obsession with Leeds . clough do not be daft . we win the league , Pete . we be top dog in derby now . and longson can not stand it . that 's the problem . taylor no , it 's not . it 's you . this monster in you . this mad ambition . it come and go . sometimes it 's good ... a fire , that stir everything up , and then there 's this ... this thing that take you over ... and destroy everything that be good in you life . taylor 's face ... taylor ( cont would ) please tell I this letter be just a draft . you have not send it . because I will be out in a couple of day ... let I talk to they . 118a int . corridor - baseball ground - day 118a " crash " , door fly open . clough storm down a corridor . 72 119 int . boardroom - baseball ground - day 119 " bang " , clough crash into the boardroom . when they see clough , voice fall silent . they stiffen .. clough what be you do ? you be not suppose to accept we resignation . longson ` should not bloody well offer they , then . clough turn to the other director ... clough I only do because of he ! ( point at longson ) you can not get rid of we . it would be a disaster for the club . for the whole of derby . longson you can not keep shoot you mouth off the way you have be ... or issue this ultimatum .. the board stare at one another , avoid eye contact .. longson ( cont would ) with great reluctance you resignation have be accept . clough you can not do this ! it 's madness ! longson the decision stand . and do not even think of a settlement . you be get nowt . clough we be go to create a football dynasty here . derby could be one of the great alongside United , Liverpool , Leeds .. clough stand in the middle of the room . speechless . longson car key on the table and out ! clough stare in disbelief at the other board member .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 73 119 con tinue D : 119 clough do none of you have the gut to stop this ? longson now ! and do not show you face here again ! clough stare in disbelief at the assemble board member of derby County .. roy kirkland , robertson -king , keeling , SAM longson , et al . blazer and brass button . the sound of clear throat .. 119a archive news footage - ( 1973 ) 119a News footage : Prime Minister Ted heath announce blackout due to the oil crisis . Britain be plunge into power-cuts . and total darkness . Three day a week . 120 omitted 120 120a omitted 120a 121 omitted 121 74 122 int . clough house - derby - night - ( 1973 ) 122 taylor walk through the open door . a meeting be underway in the clough house . in the hall : clough 's three child stare through banister railing .. the smoke - fill front room be pack with friend , relative , lawyer , derby county club employees .. newspaper be strewn over the table . clough sit in the corner , be give counsel by solicitor . jimmy gordon read out a letter from the derby player ... jimmy " to the director of derby County football Club . we , the undersign player , be unanimous in we support and respect for Mr. clough and Mr. Taylor and ask that they be reinstate as manager and assistant manager of the club . " cheer and celebration . clough be congratulate . handshakes . Hair ruffle .. jimmy ( cont would ) " sign by John o'hare , Roy macfarland , Colin Todd , archie gemmill , Kevin hector , Alan hinton . . " taylor but not Dave mackay . ( CO ntinu ed ) 75 122 con tinue D : 122 silence . all voice stop . head turn . taylor ( cont would ) who 's just accept the job . deathly silence . the crowd part . clough sit up , and stare .. clough what ? Dave mackay ? taylor it 's in the evening paper . clough I sign that fat fuck - save he professional life . gave he two more year as a player , as my captain . Dave mackay ? ( a beat ) he would not fuck dare ! clough see the paper . " mackay to be derby manager " . clough 's face . devastate . taylor why do you do it ? I love this place , Brian . I be happy here . so be you . clough it 's not over yet , Pete . the lawyer be issue a writ tomorrow . against longson . the player be call a meeting . there 's talk of they come out on strike . there 's protest march schedule for this week -end . taylor why could not you just have keep you mouth shut ? we will never find anywhere like this again . taylor stare . worried . at that moment , barbara stick she head outside . barbara ( hold phone ) Mike bamber on the phone ? clough who 's Mike bamber ?? taylor manager of Brighton and hove albion . someone who want to offer we a job . ( CO ntinu ed ) 75a 122 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 122 over this : the sound of a referee 's whistle .. 123 omitted 123 76 124 ext . dugout - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 124 with a loud roar the game against luton get under way . clough take he seat alone in the dugout . unseen by he , in the stand behind he ... don revie arrive , shaking hand , take a seat . immediately , as soon as they see revie , the leed fan start cheer , " there 's only one Don revie . . " clough turn , to see revie . waving back . acknowledge the crowd . the leed fan chant , " there 's only one Don revie ! " in the director ' box , manny cussin note the reaction of the crowd . ( CO ntinu ed ) 77 124 con tinue D : 124 in the press box , the journalist and tv commentator also note the reaction of the crowd ... clough 's face : sting with humiliation . and as if that be not bad enough ... " rrrooooaaarrrrr " , luton score a goal . in the director 's box : manny cussin ' face .. 125 int . tunnel - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 125 afterwards : clough and the player walk down the tunnel to see manny cussin and SAM bolton wait . grim -face . cussin player Lounge , Brian . ten minute . clough open he mouth , be about to reply , but cussin have turn and walk away . 126 int . player ' lounge - elland road - day - ( 1974 ) 126 clough walk in as several player walk in , too . clough take a seat . cussin call for quiet ... cussin this be the worst start to a season Leeds have have in twenty year . four point from five game ? second from fuck bottom ? what 's go on ? as far as I can I see , there 's no relationship , no understanding between player and management . not a healthy one , anyway . player head low . avoid clough 's eye . bremner perhaps if Mr. clough be to step outside , we would all feel a little more like speak we mind . clough can not help smile .. clough ( under he breath ) you bastard . of course , cussin will reprimand he . refuse he request . cussin look at woodward and bolton . then .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 78 126 con tinue D : 126 cussin all right . if you would not mind , Brian ? just for a minute or two ? clough cannot believe he ear . what ?? he get to he foot . clough as you wish . clough walk out of the room . duncan mackenzie watch . visibly shocked . 127 int . corridor - elland road - day - ( 1974 127 clough close the door behind he . he stand in the corridor outside . from inside , we hear .. bremner ( o.s. ) no one like he . the atmosphere in the dress - room be non-existent . we be not allow to mention Mr. revie 's name ... gile ( o.s. ) he 's ban we from do all the thing we use to do ... like play bingo and carpet bowl ... bremner ( o.s. ) tactically , he 's never prepare , never tell we how he want we to play ... hunter ( o.s. ) you know he 's just itching to bring in a whole lot of new player .. clough look out of the window to see don revie signing autograph , shaking hand with ador leed fan outside .. voice what 's go on ? clough turn to see jimmy gordon .. clough the last two word of every story ever write be what 's go on . " the fuck end . " ( CO ntinu ed ) 79 127 con tinue D : 127 bremner ( o.s. ) what I want to know be why , after all the thing he 's say about we , do you appoint he in the first place ? clough I be about to go home and work out how much I want in severance pay . do not worry , I will make sure you job be safe . jimmy I be not stay here without you . no bloody way . clough then I suggest you go home and do the same . bremner ( o.s. ) what I and the lad be try to say , Mr. cussin , be that compare to Mr. revie - he 's just not good enough ... clough : a dagger in he heart .. clough come on . clough turn , lead jimmy gordon away , then he stop . have see something through a window .. outside : don revie walk down into the car park and towards he car - cheer and clapped every step of the way by leed fan .. the messiah of West Yorkshire ... CUT to 128 ext . brighton - day - ( 1974 ) 128 seagull wheeling . clough 's car pull up in a hotel car park . he and peter taylor get out on a road overlook the sea .. clough look around at he surroundings . the old people . the retirement home feel . clough ( sing ) " oh , I do not like to be beside the seaside . . " ( CO ntinu ed ) 79a 128 con tinue D : 128 taylor c'mon , just give it a chance . ( CO ntinu ed ) 80 128 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 128 clough Brighton and hove albion ? have you see where they be ? bottom of the third division . taylor and we can get they out of there . like that . we do it with hartlepool . we do it with derby . clough we care about hartlepool and derby . we be from the North , Pete . what do we care about Brighton ? bloody southerner . look where we be . we be almost in France . taylor hey , they have get money , this lot . and ambition . and get a lungful of that air . it would be good for my health . clough you can not manage a team that 's not you own people . not what you know . anyway the protest Movement in derby be still in full flow . we could still get we job back . taylor no , we will not . it 's over , Brian . they will never take we back . not now . clough what about proper club ? like Manchester United ? or spur ? or England , now alf 's go . would not you fancy that ? taylor no one 's rung , have they ? you have scared they all off . clough it 's only be a couple of week . taylor c'mon . just listen to they ? please ? for I ? 80a 129 int . brighton HOTEL - day - ( 1974 ) 129 mike bamber and harry bloom , Brighton Chairman and vice - Chairman , likeable man , ( for the first time not in blazer and brass button ) , sit opposite clough and taylor ... ( CO ntinu ed ) 81 129 con tinue D : 129 bamber sign today , I will give you a bonus of seven grand . each . taylor Seven grand ? y'hear that , Brian ? bamber plus a salary that exceed by twenty percent what derby be pay you . taylor very generous , Mike . terrific . clough but that be first division wage . bamber first division 's where I want this club to be . clough be you sure you can afford it ? bamber be you sure you be worth it ? clough cheeky sod . bamber offer he hand . clough stare at it .. clough ( cont would ) we be go to need a holiday first . bamber take as long as you like . clough two week . somewhere hot . on you . bamber do not even flinch . smile .. bamber I will even throw in the bloody trunk . clough and bamber shake . taylor beam with delight . over this : we fade in the sound of classical Spanish guitar .. 130 ext . majorca - day - ( 1974 ) 130 shimmer heat . azure sky . pack sandy beach . we be in a resort in Southern majorca . calla millor . ( CO ntinu ed ) 81a 130 con tinue D : 130 red-faced brit . sausage and chip . beer and sun tan lotion . on the beach , barbara clough be play with the three clough kide in the shallow water . they wave over to Brian . clough , sit in the sand , sun - himself . ( reading a newspaper about don revie 's flirt with the England job ) . 82 131 omitted 131 132 omitted 132 133 omitted 133 134 omitted 134 135 omitted 135 136 ext . HOTEL - majorca - day - ( 1974 ) 136 a blazer with button . a red-face , official - look man in he mid 50' , be point onto a beach by a hotel employee . ( CO ntinu ed ) 82a 136 con tinue D : 136 red-faced , perspire , archer nod . start walk onto the beach . 83 137 ext . beach - majorca - day - ( 1974 ) 137 keith archer walk across the beach , the scalding sand , sweat under the merciless sun ... until he find clough . archer take out he handkerchief , mop he brow .. archer you be a hard man to find , Mr. clough . clough who 's look ? archer my name 's keith archer . Secretary of Leeds United football club . clough look up , can not help smile .. clough then what be you do here , keith ? because from what I be read in my paper , and from what I hear on the jungle drum , you have get a bit of a problem at home with you manager flirt with the England job . archer he 's not flirt ... clough ( indignant , point to newspaper ) ` ey , it say it right here . archer he 's take it . clough turn , squint in the light ... archer ( cont would ) which bring I to the point of my visit . barbara and peter taylor look over from the beach , concerned . keith archer smile nervously , politely raise he hat ... 137a omitted 137a 83a 138 ext . beach - majorca - ( 1974 ) 138 seagull wheeling . two tiny speck on the beach in the distance , argue . silhouettes against the set sun .. taylor bloody hell . but we hate Leeds . clough it 's the top flight , Pete . the first division . taylor but we have give Brighton we word . and they have pay we the money . clough we can pay back the money . bollock to bloody Brighton . ( laugh now , a dismissive wave ) I would go mad . we would all go mad down there . taylor please ... give it a year . give it a chance . clough a year ? it would be death . death for we all . taylor Mike bamber be a good man .. clough oh , do I a favour .. taylor he have faith in we , offer we a job when no one would . clough he offer we a job . and now someone else have offer we a better one .. and not just anyone . the best team in the country . c'mon , Pete , you know what that mean .. it would be the Charity Shield at wembley in a month time . the european Cup after .. taylor yes , but even if we win they it would always be revie 's achievement . he team .. ( mo re ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 83 aaa 138 con tinue D : 138 tay lor ( cont would ) ( fretting ) I can not do it . I give Brighton my word . ( CO ntinu ed ) 83aa 138 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 138 clough what ? and you would sooner fester down there ? with all that fuck tories ? in that blue-rinse retirement home by the sea ? taylor yes , Brighton be a small club .. clough Fucking midget . taylor but at least we would be together , you and I . we could build they up . make they we own . like we do with hartlepool . like we do with derby . clough and then what ? bottle again as soon as it come to the big time . that 's always be the trouble with you , Pete . no ambition . taylor and that 's the trouble with you . too much ambition . too much greed . too much everything . clough you knock it , but it 's do you proud over the year . my " ambition " . without I - you would still be stick in burton albion . on the arse of the football earth . taylor but without you I would still have a job in derby . a job and a home that I love . ( a beat ) yes , Brian - you be the shop window , I will grant you that . the razzle and the bloody dazzle . but I be the goods at the back . and without I , without someone to save you from yourself , you be not just half .. ( tapping brain ) ... you be nothing . taylor start to walk . clough call after he .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 83ab 138 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 138 clough I be nothing ? I be nothing ?? do not make I laugh ? so what do that make you , Taylor ? something ?? you be half of nothing !! nothing 's parasite ! a big fat pilot fish that feed on nothing !! a bloody nobody !! the forget man !! History 's fuck afterthought !! taylor walk off , leave clough ... taylor well , let 's see , shall we ? 84 139 omitted 139 85- 86 140 int . boardroom - elland road - evening - ( 1974 ) 140 the leed board member ' face : manny cussin , SAM bolton , keith archer , sydney simon , percy woodward , etc cussin let 's be honest . it 's not work , be it ? clough what 's not work ? I have not be here five minute , so how can anything be work yet ? cussin still ... the player be not happy . we be not happy . clough so what do you want to do about it ? cussin if it 's not work , then we will have to part company . clough Fine . it will cost you twenty - five grand . the Leeds board member choke ... cussin what ? for six week work ? clough plus three and a half grand for Jimmy Gordon . and a agreement that Leeds United will pay both we income tax for the next three year . the Leeds board member choke ... cussin that 's bloody criminal . clough no , what 's criminal , Mr. cussin , be the way you as Chairman ask I to leave the room like that in front of the player . you manager . go behind my back like that . cussin I admit , that be wrong . ( CO ntinu ed ) 87 140 con tinue D : 140 clough and you can throw in the merc and all . bolton what ? clough might be a bit flash for a man out of a job , but the truth be , I have grow to like it . cussin who the bloody hell do you think you be ? clough Brian clough . Brian Howard clough . cussin aye . no danger of I forget that name in a hurry . 141 int . manager' office - day - ( 1974 ) 141 clough and he son be pack together clough 's belonging in a couple of box . a knock at the door .. duncan mackenzie come in , in track suit , a cigarette in hand . ready for the day 's training .. mackenzie just want to say , it 's not right . they should have give you more time . clough good lad . mackenzie not just I that feel that way , either . clough the sad thing be , it will not work . you can not change a manager like a pair of sock . it will happen once , to I - and never again . clough shake clarke 's hand . ` rrrrinng ' , the phone ring . clough turn and pick up the phone . he listen , then .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 88 141 con tinue D : 141 clough ( cont would ) ( into phone ) all right . but you will have to make it quick . clough hang up . look at he son .. clough ( cont would ) something we have to do on the way . wo not take long . 142 omitted 142 143 int . yorkshire tv studio - day - ( 1974 ) 143 clough sit in make -up . the door open and austin mitchell , the same presenter as earlier , stick he head round the corner .. mitchell thanks for agree to this . clough no problem . clough smile . uncharacteristically vulnerable . clough ( cont would ) go easy on I , though . there 's a good lad . 144 int . yorkshire tv studio - day - ( 1974 ) 144 clough be lead into the studio , and onto the ` calender ' set , chat to the SOUND man . clough 's microphone be fix , he be show to he seat beside the presenter 's . then clough notice a third ( empty ) seat beside he .. clough what 's this ? we expect guest ? then clough look up to see a distinctive blue blazer , with gold button approach the set ... Blue blazer . don 's blazer . ( CO ntinu ed ) 89 144 con tinue D : 144 clough 's face fall as don revie and austin mitchell turn the corner , in conspiratorial conversation , and out to the seat .. it 's a set-up ! clough look over at austin mitchell and the crew , who shiftily avoid clough 's eye .. clough ( cont would ) you bastard ! revie be put in the seat beside clough . avoid clough 's eye . revie roll he neck , cross he leg . vast , intimidating revie . ready for battle . suddenly , the theme music play , the floor manager count down .. floor manager five , four , three .. the presenter look up .. mitchell good evening . tonight the football world be stunne by the news that Brian clough have be sack as manager of Leeds United . we will be talk not just to Brian clough , but also to the man he replace , who 's success he could not emulate , Don revie . mitchell turn to clough .. mitchell ( cont would ) to Brian clough first of all . what 's you reaction to be sack in this fashion ? clough obviously , Austin , my initial reaction be one of shock at find myself here with revie ... revie see ? not so easy to make accusation when it 's to someone 's face ... clough ... but in answer to you question , six week be hardly a long time to be give a chance in any job . I would hope revie would get a lot longer time in he . ( CO ntinu ed ) 89a 144 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 144 mitchell do you consider it be possible to step into you shoe , Don revie ? to replace you ? revie be very , very honest , I think it be a difficult job for anyone to do . but I do feel Brian clough , I will not call he clough because I will not take he down like that .. clough thank you . ( CO ntinu ed ) 90 144 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 144 revie ... I do feel he make it harder for himself than he need have . clough how do I do that , Don ? revie shoot he mouth off about how dirty my player be . clough well , you be dirty , Don ! revie that 's not true . the last four season , we have top the chart for entertaining football . clough and before that , you also top all the disciplinary chart . you should have be dock point and send down to the second division . mitchell and in fact , you go on record and say so , Brian clough . again and again . that Leeds should , in fact , be relegate . clough and I be right . mitchell do you think that might have hurt you chance of success when you then come to manage they ? revie of course it do ! the thing he say ? why , man ? why do you take the job in the first place ? clough because I think it be the best job in the country . revie of course it be the best job in the country . clough I be take over the League champion . ( CO ntinu ed ) 90aa 144 con tinue D : ( 4 ) 144 revie you be . you be take over the best bunch of player you would ever see . ( CO ntinu ed ) 90a 144 con tinue D : ( 5 ) 144 clough and I fancie win the league , and win Europe , and do it better than you . revie there 's no way you could win it better . clough but that 's the only hope I have get . revie I only lose four match .. clough well , I can only lose three . revie no , no , no , no . clough and still play attractive , clean football . without cheating ! revie see , there he go again .. mitchell listen to you , I be strike that this be not just a business matter for you both . it 's more than that . it 's personal . be I right ? clough well , we be very different people , Don and I . we have different style . in football and in life . I be a warm man . a idealist . I do believe in faery , and that be my outlook . Don be different . there 's a hardness to he . a hardness . maybe he 's not even aware of it . but he 's a cold person . revie you do not know I ! ( CO ntinu ed ) 91 144 con tinue D : ( 6 ) 144 clough and that lack of warmth . that coldness be there . permeated the club when I arrive . revie I totally refute that . the atmosphere at Leeds be like a family . a happy family . you ask any of my player . I sign most of they personally . knew they background . they parent . they street . I be a father to they . in that club every morning . massage that boy . do you do that for they ? clough they would never have let I . revie do you try ? you do not even try . I soape that boy down with my own hand . you just go to Leeds with no think for the club , no think for the player . just on some kind of mad personal vendetta with I . clough well be you surprised ? what else be I go to do ?? after what you do ... revie what do I do ? clough c'mon , Don . you know exactly . ( more ) ( CO ntinu ed ) 92 144 con tinue D : ( 7 ) 144 clough ( cont would ) 4th March 1968 . see ? I even remember the date . you come to derby County , the third round of the fa Cup , and you refuse to shake my hand . austin mitchell look up . the cameramen look up . revie never ! matter of principle ! I always shake the other manager 's hand ! clough you shook Peter Taylor 's hand , and my trainer , Jimmy Gordon 's . revie then I probably do not see you !! clough no , you see I Don . but consider I beneath you . look down on I . and dismiss I . just like you do every other club and every other manager in the country . ( CO ntinu ed ) 93 144 con tinue D : ( 8 ) 144 revie never would I knowingly refuse to shake a colleague 's hand . the truth be , I probably just do not know who you be . clough ( a know smile ) " do not know who I be ! " pull the other one . revie it 's the truth . ( CO ntinu ed ) 94 144 con tinue D : ( 9 ) 144 clough ( blurt out ) well , you certainly know it now . all head turn . that come out unintentionally loud . revie oh , we all know it now . ( a beat ) we know you as the man who 's constant outburst , he defame of fellow professional , have bring this game , this beautiful game into disrepute . who have one of the best job in the country , at derby , and manage to get the sack . who have one of the best partner in the game , in Peter Taylor , and throw he away . who be give the great gift in british football Leeds United , a team that in ten year have not finish outside the top four , and take they to the bottom of the first division . yes , it 's fair to say we all know who you be now . austin mitchell 's eye widen . mitchell ok , gentleman , we be go to have to leave it there .. clough well , let 's see where we be in a year 's time , Donald revie . revie dear oh dear .. clough let 's see where we both be in five ! austin mitchell that 's it for tonight 's show . I would like to thank Brian clough and Don revie for join I ... revie thank you , Austin . the show wrap up . theme music start play . revie remove he microphone , turn and walk out . clough be leave stare , hollow - eye . wish the ground would swallow he up .. 94a 145 omitted 145 95 146 omitted 146 147 int . clough' mercede - day - ( 1974 ) 147 " leed UNITED football club " write on the side of the stadium . clough 's car driver past . 147a int . clough' mercede - day - ( 1974 ) 147a Inside the car : clough drive , stare at the road ahead . talk on the radio of clough 's dismissal .. clough boy ? do you think you old man be a fool ? simon / nigel no . clough you be wrong . he bloody be . a silence . clough continue to drive . clough ( cont would ) who be the least mature person in this car ? who most need to bloody grow up ? who 's be make a right arse of himself the past few month ? the boy can not help laugh .. clough ( cont would ) who fancy a trip to the seaside ? to see uncle Pete ? nigel / simon me! clough I , and all . clough 's foot hit the floor . 96 148 ext . motorway - day - ( 1974 ) 148 clough 's mercede head ` South ' , and accelerate into the distance . 149 ext . taylor's house - brighton - day - ( 1974 ) 149 peter taylor be work in the garden . he look up to see clough stand in the gate to he house .. taylor look at clough . they eye meet . a poignant moment . taylor they have kick you out , already ? clough they have . taylor so how long be that ? clough forty -four day . taylor impressive . taylor strain not to show he satisfaction .. taylor ( cont would ) so what be you do here ? clough do not make this difficult for I , Pete ... you know why I be here ... and I will not bloody grovel . taylor shrug , " please yourself " . turn and start walk inside . clough ( cont would ) all right . I be grovel . I be on my knee . taylor turn . see clough on he knee . begging for forgiveness . taylor " I apologize unreservedly for be a twat " . ( CO ntinu ed ) 97 149 con tinue D : 149 clough I apologize for be a twat . taylor " unreservedly . " clough ( through gritt tooth ) unreservedly ... taylor " because I can not do it without you . " clough because I can not do it without you . taylor " I be nothing without you . " clough I be nothing without you . taylor " please , please baby , take I back . " clough fuck off ..! clough tail off , realize he have no option .. clough ( cont would ) " please , please baby , take I back . " clough 's son watch from the car as peter taylor open he arm , and the two men fall into a embrace . but in the clench , taylor 's smile fade , he expression suddenly become serious . taylor hold clough tight , and whisper ... taylor you will only fuck I up again , will not you ? clough I love you , y'know . taylor I know . but it will not stop you . a beat . clough think , then .. ( CO ntinu ed ) 149 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 149 clough so ? would you sooner go through it all without I ? taylor 's face : freeing and condemn himself at once .. taylor never . we camera slowly pull back : over the Brighton landscape , as clough and taylor disappear into taylor 's house .. caption 1 : " don revie faile as england manager . " caption 2 : " he went to saudi arabia , where he career ended among allegation of financial misdealings " . caption 3 : " brian clough and peter taylor be reunited .. caption 4 : " they take over nottingham forest where they won the european cup in 1979 . . " caption 5 : " .. and again in 1980 . " caption 6 : " but it wasn't long before taylor and clough fell out again . " caption 7 : " peter taylor died of a heart attack before they could make up . "