" blue HOTEL " screenplay by James agee 1949 unproduced title on black screen above center : near the middle of the UNITED states o.s. , quiet , but swiftly louder , the hum , then hammer of rail ; then over this , increase SOUND , the SOUND of a hoarse , old - fashioned train whistle come swiftly nearer : two long blast , one short , one long , which trail down and out . over the fade train whistle and increase train SOUND fade in : title below center : toward the end of the nineteenth century start the rapid SOUND of a train bell . swoop SOUND of bell and train up suddenly two second before cutting to : close shot -- a train ( nite ) instantly bring sound of train and bell up as loud as the audience can stand . a transcontinental express -train cross through r.s. to l.s. at frightening velocity . camera be pull back from a close shot at medium height of the train . in the train 's wake , a long , luminous ruche of snow be raise , fill the screen , and slowly sink , as sound dwindle o.s . as the last snow settles to the ground , and the sound die o.s. , the camera end its pull - back about 12 foot off the ground in a long shot -- ext . a station , a SMALL HOTEL , a SMALL town , the prairie -- in darkness and silence it be not snow and the night sky be overcast but the snow on the ground give off enough light -- use infra-re if need be -- to establish the station ( extreme l.s. ) , the hotel ( dead center ) , the edge of the town ( extreme r.s. ) . even in darkness the hotel give off something odd and curdle . Beyond and between this building , as we eye become accustom to the darkness , we see a immense perspective of snow land , and a very distant low horizon against a black sky which hold two third of the screen . hold this darkness perhaps eight second then , within a maximum thirty second , the darkness alter through the light of pre-dawn , dawn , etc. , to the light of late morning . at the proper early juncture , one or two small light appear in window , and go out again . at the edge of the town , in the earliest real daylight , a man 's tiny figure come out of a door and walk out of ras . Little flag of smoke and steam sprout , compact and crisp , in the bitter air . shade and detail become increasingly clear . the station be coal - black ; its sign fort romper , be just readable . the town be mostly low , mean , frame construction -- the drab shade of tired blotting - paper . the Hotel , of a disturbing shade even in darkness , give off under the change light a always more and more sinister and unearthly fish - belly glare . its sign , palace HOTEL , be newish , and easy to read . it be a crummy rather frail - look wooden building of two storey , crown by florid cornice work . Beyond this building we can see perhaps forty mile . the sky be dull gray ; the snow be like rice ; there be farm , at lonely distance apart . when high , shadowless morning light be establish , the tiny silhouette of a man -- scully -- walk briskly out of the Hotel front door and towards the station . o.s. , begin and bring up sound of a overworked locomotive and a train ; he walk faster ; bring up the sound ; he trot ; a somewhat archaic locomotive , crust and bearded with ice and snow , slow , drag on from l.s. a baggage car , a daycoach , the first of a string of boxcar ; cover scully as he trot ; stop . as quickly as will not be be absurd , scully reappear , walk towards the Hotel , follow by the cowboy , the easterner , the swede , in single file . at the same moment , the camera , which be center on the hotel door , start towards the door at they pace , hold they within leave - screen . we get at first only character by silhouette and near-silhouette , then in more detail . scully be in the lead , half - turn as he walk , to talk ; short , chunky , late middle - age . next , the cowboy , size and structure of John Wayne , tight city trousers , a solid block of mackinaw , he best hat ; he walk like a horseman and with the stooping , rather diffident stride of a man of he height ; he carry a scar raw-hide suitcase or a splotched holstein - hide roll - grip . next , the easterner . he be small , slender , bear himself well and entirely without the bumptiousness of so many small man . without at all mincing , he be more neat - foote along the icy board than the other be ; he carry a briefcase and a middle - size , neutral valise , possibly with fade label on it . last , the swede : he be above average height but stocky enough to seem short than he be , and disturb and scared enough , as a rule , to sag a inch or two more . a shiny black leather coat to the middle of the thigh , trousers which look as if he have on two suit of long underwear beneath they , a cap of coarse hairy wool , two size too small , high on he head , with earflap which at best cannot thoroughly cover he ear . there be something shaky , equivocal and arythmic about he walk . a outsize new suitcase which look to be cover by black oilcloth increase he clumsiness at the knee . as this man grow out of silhouette into detail and size , and we begin to hear they sound , the chowf-chowfings of the locomotive , o.s. , drow out this sound and the locomotive and the train , gather speed , cut off the man from view and then fill most of the screen , the Hotel still jutting above . as locomotive make r.s. , the camera be quite close to train and place - name , emblem and name of line , swinging by , suggest the whole nation and continent in geography and history . CUT or lap : dissolve to : medium two shot -- facade of HOTEL -- door at CENTER the camera be still creep , lowering quietly to eye height . o.s. sound of walk on icy board . the four man enter , in single file and in the same order , at l.s. scully step a pace past he door and wheel and stop abruptly , bow slightly and fling out one hand in a slightly uneasy parody of mine host and cause the other to stop or tread water in uneasy courtesy , indulge he spiel . the camera stop creep at the same moment ; they be medium close . the easterner look quietly and curiously at the strange color . easterner ( politely conceal he faint nausea ) I have never see the shade before , but once . scully ( a little jealous , but very polite ) and where might that be , may I ask ? easterner on the leg of a kind of heron ; one of the wading bird . it 's a very strange color ; there 's nothing else quite like it in nature . it declare the bird 's position against any background . scully declare he -- do it now ! well now , surely that 's a mischievous hue for the almighty to paint a poor craytcher in this murderin ' world . declare I position indeed . aginst inny background . that 's nicely put . that 's it in a nutshell . you kin see the Palace Hotel for mile up the line , all weather , and she 's starin ' like the morning star . now do not ye ? and do ye truly admire it ? easterner it 's a very remarkable shade . scully ahh , count on a travel man for connisewership ! but gintleman , may heaven forgive I a ' I guest rattlin ' they tooth on I own doorstep . ( he hurry to open the door and wave they past he ) come in ! come in ! ( to johnnie ) one twenty - two three a ' -- no , line them up along the south corridor and do not let the grass grow under yer foot . hang yer coat in here , gintleman , unless ye prefer to go straight to yer room . ad lib no. -- no , thanks . scully ( continue ) let 's thaw ourselves out a bit ; ye can sign up at yer layzhure . not that ev'ry room in I establishment be not as warm as toast , gintleman , but in weather the like o' this , ye should have the binifit o' the lee o' house . ad lib sure . -- of course , thanks . scully now here 's something , friend , ye could not hope to find in the waldorf . ye see ? ( he pour a slashing tinkle of ice - splintery water into the first basin ) what would ye git there ? ( contemptuously ) shteem ! where fer the chill there 's nuthin ' on earth to set the blood hummin ' agin like a bit o' nice brisk water . ( meantime , he be fill two more basin ) ye do not believe I ? ( to the easterner ) do not be shy ! try it ! you will see . ( the easterner plunge ; the instant the water hit he face he utter four sharp cough , but he stay at it and emerge gasp and grop ; scully produce a towel he grab from a shelf under the tub and now say with a air of great graciousness ) yer towel , sir . scully yer towel , sir . ( same old towel ) dolly along to the swede , eye downcast and shifting a little ; he plant he heavy finger in the water up to they second knuckle , and quickly withdraw they , quailing profoundly . scully ( hand out the towel , now quite draggle , politely but with less enthusiasm ) yer towel , sir . the swede sink one finger at a time into the towel and twist . close up -- the easterner he be look into a mirror . his skin shine as if he have use some kind of metal polish on it ; he be quietly surprised and pleased . he glance down casually to see if he nail be clean . close up -- the cowboy also gaze into the mirror . he have the same burnish look of metal polished . impersonal light eye , a little bit bovine , very virile and empty , fix through most of the shot on he hair , which he be tidy with a public comb . his eye rake down , casually and impersonally across he face at the finish of the shot . close up -- the swede he be twist he finger , one by one , heavily in the towel ; by the angle of he eye and they surreptition , it be clear that he be very carefully watch the other three man in the mirror . at the end of the shot , scully walk into it as the swede drop the towel beside the basin . the swede turn for the door , scully pick up the towel , toss it into a cardboard box , camera swinging as they make for the door . scully ( in be the towel ) thank you . ( call after they ) now just make yerselve comfortable by the stove , gintleman . it will not be no time till dinner . they start through the door . medium close -- the MAIN room past stove on the farmer as he glance up and start to edge back he chair to make room . farmer mean weather . cowboy mean enough . farmer Seven below , last night . cowboy that a fact . farmer warm up a leetle , but it 's jest makin ' fer more snow . cowboy snowin ' a'ready . farmer Big wind acomin ' too , should not wonder . cowboy should not wonder . farmer no sir , should not wonder if we git we a real ole fashion ' blizzard . if ye do not mind my askin ' , stranger , where might ye be from ? cowboy I be down to omahaw ; a little business . farmer a ' where might ye be headin' ? cowboy get I a little ranch , up near the dakota line . farmer that a fact ? stoppin ' over fer the spur train , 's 'at right ? cowboy that 's right . farmer myself , I be a farmer . cowboy that right ? farmer yup . that 's right . start as a homesteader , back in seventy - six , but now I own muh land . cowboy uh huh . farmer Quarter section . cowboy that right ? farmer yup. Quarter section . when I come here it war not nuthin ' but a untamed wilderness like you might say . but now I own I a quarter section . a silence . Farmer spit again , then address the easterner . farmer a ' what might yer own business be , stranger , if ye do not mind my askin ' ? easterner not at all , sir . I be a journalist . newspaper man . farmer now be that a fact ? ( carefully ) not meaning no offense , you be from the east , be not you ? easterner ( smile ) yes. ( against he natural reticence ) a Philadelphia paper . farmer be that right now . well , not meanin ' no offense , I be mighty glad to hear that . easterner ( smile ) why 's that , sir ? farmer I be skeer ye might be from noo York City . not that I have ever laid eye on one , a ' o' course , it could be I hear wrong . but what ye hear tell ... ( a half silent whistling whew with a shake of the head ) ... they noo yorker ! ( uneasy glance at the swede ; tactful change of subject ) but they be not never nuthin ' happen out here , mister , not that 's fer the nooze papers . -- be they ? easterner well , you see , I be not after news storey just now . ( politely ) back east we be all so ignorant of the rest of the country , that 's all . I be too , and I do not like to be ignorant . I just want to learn what thing be really like , if I can , and tell other who do not know , you see . farmer ( chew it over , interested but puzzle ) a ' they will pay ye a livin ' fer that ? easterner ( smile ) that 's right . farmer but if ye do not mind I askin' , why how come ye com to rawmpr ? ai not nuthin ' ever happen here . easterner ( careful and very polite but candid ) frankly I do not know I be get off till I get here . see it from the train , I just feel I could not go on by without see more of the Blue Hotel . farmer Blue Hotel ! oh ! you mean right where we be sett and ' ? the easterner nod , smile . farmer well , I be not no proper jedge , but the woman , she think it 's mighty purty . easterner I never see a color like it . not on a hotel . farmer be that a fact now ? well I will be dogge . ( pause . to the swede ) a ' how ' bout you , mister , if ye do not mind I askin ' ? where might you be from ? dissolve to : moving close shot -- alcove of the dine room camera vertical over the dining table , start at the head , pull down along the aisle of place moderately slow . perhaps one or two head ad lib into the shot , ducking over the plate for a bite , but except for this , head be not visible -- only what be on the table , and the busily eat and reach hand . subdued sound of shy , speechless , hungry eat . the food be all on the table and by evidence of damage do , we be well on into the meal . voice be very sporadic and ad lib , possibly recognizable ; close to monosyllabic and wholly utilitarian except for the easterner . ad lib meat please ... pass the potato ... turnip . they be pass , use and return without comment . a hand and fork reach to spear a biscuit . easterner could I have the butter , please . a almost inaudible " sure , " in reply and easterner ( quietly ) thanks . the voice be o.s. , such hand as reach deeper into the terrain than the eat plate , appear at unpredictable angle and rhythm ; perhaps two might also collide and spring apart with the almost electric-shock celerity of shy courtesy . not more than ten second to this vertical pull before we begin to hit barren space , the tundra-like lower reach of the table , all much - mend , not perfectly clean , white tablecloth , no place set . after just a little of this , camera begin to tilt and settle so that as it reach the end of the long table , ( room for a crowded 14 ) it be at eye level of a seat man look up the center of the table at scully at the head . along l.s. , the swede ( next scully ) , and johnnie ; r.s. , the cowboy , ( next to scully ) then the easterner and the Farmer . we pause just long enough to get a glimpse of scully 's character through he eat : a business - like but rather frugal and finicky eater , even a touch of old - maidishness ; a old fashioned and rather cute old guy ; absorb in eat , he lose entirely he mine host mannerism , he 's just a aging pappy at home , reloading . Rather frail eyelid and stretch neck when he drink water ; a evidently self - teach but deeply habitual care to take small bite and to keep he lip close over he chew ; dabby with he fork ; delicate at harpoon a biscuit ; a suggestion of dental plate which do not quite fit . medium close shot -- the swede a big napkin be tie under he ear , its knot - end make spare ear below he own . he be sweat a little . he use he fork left-handed and upside down , european style . he eat steadily with heavy square gesture , and we see in he eat and chew a conflict between the hunger of a fairly heavy eater and he uneasiness . he be intensely silent and he eye be darting all over the joint with a dog 's eat - vigilance plus he own special kind of uneasiness . elbow wide and clumsy , he usually graze johnnie and as camera pull to the leave lose the swede and pick up johnnie , the elbow collide rather hard and the first we see of johnnie 's face involve a spasm of annoyance . medium close shot -- the cowboy from johnnie's angle the cowboy be winking at johnnie , amused . close shot -- johnnie he watch the swede . a small , sour smile , friendly eye , in reaction to the cowboy . his eat be the normal fast heavy eat of a not very well mannered , far from meek , kid , exactly on the watersh between be a boy and a very young man . close up -- the cowboy a napkin tuck fairly high into he dark shirt , he large elbow hold in with unaccustom tightness . his eat system be to mash whatever can be mashed into malleable material , mix it , load he fork by help of he knife as heavy as possible , sculpture and trim it with he knife ; change fork to right hand , bring it up to a mouth which open for it and close over it as efficiently as a steamshovel , then work he full jaw with a fair amount of SOUND which he keep reasonably subdued , meanwhile lowering he fork , change hand , and start all over again . he swallow exactly as soon as the new load be ready and take a swallow of water just before shifting the fork to the right hand : solid machine - like reciprocation between knife , fork , leave hand , right hand , mouth and water glass . otherwise , as a rule , he eye be either attentive to he plate , or out of focus . pull camera to the right , lose the cowboy and pick up the easterner : he be the ordinary eat manners of a well - bring - up middle - class easterner , shade by he own considerable natural elegance . the modestly hearty appetite of a small healthy man . small , strong , fine hand . as with he way of speak , he neither obtrude nor try to conceal or modify what be natural to he or to he background . he be a clear master at see everything there be to be see without appear to stare , or to sneak glance , or even to look , or even to be careful not to look . as the camera leave he , pulling right , he touch he mouth with he napkin , which have be in he lap . tail off briefly on the Farmer , napkin tuck broad over bib of overall , hard , heavy - knuckle red-looking hand : look at nobody ; hoe it in ; a aging , hard work countryman , at home at this table , and unself - conscious of stranger . medium shot -- the whole table from the empty end they be all eat slower , the tail - end of the meal . ad lib and unobtrusively behind this , be scully 's daughter move , wait on table , silently . she be a pale , melancholic , pious , once - pretty spinster of about 30 . by-play and reaction between she and the diner should be present but minimal , and play ad lib in pass , never point up . scully rearrange himself to lean back in he chair and put he hand on the table . a heavy silence as they dab at they food . medium close shot -- the swede his eye angle sharply to the cowboy and then to the easterner . two shot -- the easterner and the cowboy from swede's angle the easterner catch the swede 's eye , look quickly down . the cowboy 's eye up ; down . the easterner look up again with a inevitable tinge of surreptition . medium close shot -- the swede the swede be disturb by the easterner 's look ; glance sharply to the cowboy . two shot -- the easterner and the cowboy from swede's angle the cowboy look up with inevitable surreptition . medium close shot -- the swede the swede be still more worried . give scully a sharp glance . close shot -- scully from the swede's angle he look up at the worried look , quickly down again ; up again , slyly . close shot -- the swede eye sidelong to johnnie , very sly and worried , then to the easterner and the cowboy , intensely suspicious and deeply worried . two shot -- the easterner and the cowboy from the swede's angle the cowboy look up in flat perplexity ; the easterner look up in curiosity so veile it look almost criminal ; then he look down ; then the easterner and the cowboy glance toward each other , each rather secretly , check if the other have notice anything odd ; it look very much like complicity . close shot -- the swede very deeply bother , he rake he glance at each man in turn , then sharply up at the wall above scully . insert : wall above scully from swede's angle a somber steel engrave of " the stag at BAY . " close shot -- the swede the swede 's eye leave the engrave , quick glance all around again ; he be sweat . he look into he plate and at he heavy hand on either side of it . he be work hard to brace himself , he begin to get brave and to resolve himself ; at last he determine to speak . swede ( to scully ) I , I come from New York City . the swede cast quick somber eye at the Farmer . medium close shot -- the farmer from the swede's angle his fork hesitates a fraction near he mouth and go in fast . the Farmer look oven more absorbedly into he plate . scully ( juicily polite ) do ye now ! now be not that intristin ' ! be not that fascinatin ' ! a great city . ah a great city . well I remember I own arrival . swede you come from New York too ? scully no , I only see it fer a matter of day . the daughter pass behind they ; bread pudding to each . scully my home be bahstin mass . every one quietly start to eat dessert . swede I live there ten year . scully tin yearr . ye do not say . tin year . a great city . swede before that I come from Sweden . scully ye do not say . Fine people , the swede . swede in New York I be a tailor . scully a tayylor ! ye do not say ! a tailor ye say . now be not that simply fascinatin' . ( to the table at large ) the gintleman here tell I he be a tailor . be not that intristin ' ! swede yah : tailor . scully well sir , tailorin ' I never learn . ye might call I a jack of all trade and master o' none , exceptin ' hotelkeeping ... ( laugh modestly , glance hopefully around the table ) ... but tailorin ' , no , that 's a mystery to I ... it must be a fascinatin ' trade . swede ( dead silence ) scully hard on the eye , maybe . swede ( more silence ; he eye go again to scully ; a kind of suspicion be in they , and in he voice ) how long you be here ? scully fourteen year this last August I come here and I never have cause to regret it . a good town , sir . good neighbor . scully beam a little nervously , glance around . swede what be the crop ? scully wheat , sir . that 's the main crop , ye might say the only crop . wheat . ( eye and polite gesture to angle of Farmer ) here 's a man kin tell ye all there be to know about wheat , can not ye Henry ? Henry 's a wheat farmer . the cowboy and the easterner be eat very quietly . the Farmer nod , say nothing . scully splindid soil . Rich as cheese . some farm here , the yield be up to thirty - five bushel to the acre . ( to the Farmer ) be not that correct ? the Farmer nod . scully last summer at the best it bring 20 cent a bushel . so ye can readily see it 's a prosperous community . ( a rather wretch smile ) plain but prosperous . ( more silence ) there be farmer hereabout who be to be account as wealthy man . ( silence ) farmer , mind ye . ( to table at large , almost pleadingly ) wealthy ! medium shot -- scully from the swede's angle appall , he glass wobble on he nose . SOUND of swede 's laughter o.s . medium shot -- cowboy , easterner and farmer -- from swede's angle the cowboy 's jaw hang open as if he be dead ; in the easterner , a far more sophisticated astonishment and wonder ; the Farmer scowl more with puzzlement than anger ; all dead silent , hand of all three arrest ; continue swede 's laughter o.s . close shot -- swede's head laugh and gleam and glint at they in great amusement and a glitter of fear . group shot -- full length of table towards scully . everyone motionless and silent except the swede , all head gaw at he : he be rock with laughter and quietly raise he heavy hand a inch from the table and slapping they down again , over and over . slow fade : fade in : close shot -- through the front window of the MAIN room extreme violence of snow and wind , the only visual anchorage be a blanch gate post lean rigid into it . sound of strong wind , shut away , and of snow against the window pane . pull back as scully 's aging hand release a harsh ornate lace curtain he have pull back , and back past scully turn he face in close up from the window , smile , and announce to the room at large : scully a real old - fashioned blizzard , gintleman . ( almost proprietary about it ) full shot -- down the room from scully' angle they be all filing in from the dining room past the stove in the profoundly relaxed few moment of shapeless drift after a satisfy meal . in they whole demeanor and tone of voice there be absolute security ; total lack of personal connection with the blizzard except the pleasure of be indoors . easterner ( forward along l.s. and drift toward the center ) I should say it be . ( he continue leisurely across the room fishing in he pocket for a cigarette ) the cowboy be a little behind the easterner . cowboy sure look like it . a little right of center he slowly turn he back , get out tobacco sack and papers . the easterner by now be lighting up . the swede walk much more slowly , bevel almost straight toward the camera , deeper towards we than any of the other , eye on angle of window ; slowly prodding tobacco into he pipe . his comment be a scarcely audible breathe ; in he face be already the beginning of a strange excitement as he watch through the window and approach it . swede ( with a strange , private excitement , almost a whisper ) yaahh ! the Farmer , meanwhile , swing in just behind the chair at the stove . he utter the quiet gasp of total belly - satisfaction , a " ahhh " not unlike titus moody 's to Fred Allen , but earthier . he be loosen he belt and contentedly finger through a gap in he shirt to scratch he belly . johnnie be in , silent , between the chair and the stove . the easterner start glance at the news headline ; the cowboy start slowly toward the stove ; the swede continue very ponderously and slowly toward the camera and the window . medium shot -- past easterner toward scully ; swede in b.g. ; cowboy leaving r.s . scully ( sharply ) johnnie ! Lay on more coal . medium shot -- past easterner toward johnnie back of cowboy and farmer johnnie want to burn the place down ? the easterner turn to face the room . CUT in mid -turn . medium shot -- scully past easterner advance from the window and lean to peer toward the stove . scully sure , it 's rid hot now . he come down to the middle of the room , the camera with he , lose the swede , still talk . scully ( continue ) I tell ye , friend , there 's nuthin ' like a chair beside a stove ... medium close shot -- the easterner his eye and head follow scully who be already out of shot toward the stove . the easterner be lazily and happily observant . scully' voice ( o.s. ) ...to make ye shpit and the eye ... medium shot -- from easterner' angle toward scully and the group coalesc toward the stove . scully ( back to camera ) ...o' the worst weather Heaven kin send . cowboy ( absently ; contentedly ) that 's right . the startling SOUND , o.s. , of hollow palm be clapped together . medium shot -- swede from easterner' angle pipe clench , a queer grin on he face , just finish he handclap of solitary excitement and pleasure . close up -- easterner much interested , he eye flick from the swede 's angle to the angle of the stove and the group ; the newspaper droops in he hand . medium shot -- group at stove from easterner' angle they have notice nothing . scully well , I will be off about I dooty if you will excuse I gintleman . cowboy sure . so long . easterner' voice ( o.s. ) certainly . scully cross up the room toward l.s. camera following , lose the group . johnnie's voice ( o.s. ) how ' bout it ? ready to get skinned alive again ? group shot -- from easterner' angle -- farmer at CENTER farmer Son , day I see you skin a gopher I will deed ye my farm , a ' my old woman throw in . SOUND of a squeaky hinge across this . medium shot -- scully from easterner' angle go through the little swinging gate by the registration desk . group shot -- johnnie centered johnnie be good thing for you land and a mercy for you wife . cowboy ouch ! farmer ( approach the table ) jest get busy with that skinnin' , son , loud talk never prove nuthin' . cowboy ( swinging chair into place ) I want to see this . the easterner walk into the shot as they severally arrange chair , card and chip and start to settle down . medium close shot -- farmer -- past johnnie Farmer sit in original position ; johnnie nearest the coatroom and with he back to it . they be cut for deal and the cowboy and the easterner , who be do the last necessary hike of chair , look on . long shot -- swede from same angle his rigid , lean stance have be four foot or so from the window . he be now very close to the window and be just pull under himself a small stool . o.s. the SOUND of the oily whirr of expert shuffle . close shot -- swede from the same angle the window be beyond he , he eye be fix deep into the snow . o.s. sound of deal and ad lib bid . camera pull slowly around so that the swede be in still larger close up , fill most of the screen . he be look out intensely past the camera , give tiny , rapid pull on he pipe ; he face show sign of a inexplicable excitement ; eye become almost dreamy . camera slowly turn square on the window to focus on what he eye be fix on , -- the post . Storm sound up and card sound fading to inaudibility . dissolve to snow higher on post and , almost immediately , a loud slapping down of card and the Farmer 's angry voice and the scrape of a chair . extreme close up -- swede deep fright and guile in the face and a strange and malignant smile . medium shot -- farmer from johnnie's angle he be just finish stand up , a look of heat scorn on he face . johnnie too bad . poor feller just ought to leave card alone . ( they nod ; they be wholly on he side ) or he temper , one or the other . cowboy that 's right . ye can not afford a temper , not if ye play much card . easterner or card , if you have a temper . cowboy ( chuckle ) mister , ya get sumpn ' there . johnnie how ' bout a whirl at four-handed ; or do you reckon we can keep from bitin ' each other 's head off ? cowboy ( heavy jocosity ) buster , my gun 's right on the table so do not try nuthin ' fancy . easterner ( smile with cowboy ) we might draw up a treaty of non - aggression . cowboy reckon I will throw in with you , johnnie , you look like a mean man to have agin ye . easterner ( in a low voice ) better make sure the swede will play . cowboy hey buddy . johnnie hey mister . easterner I beg you pardon . swede hehnh ? easterner I wonder if you would be my par -- johnnie how ' bout a little game ? uneasy but determine to show everyone that he be not afraid . swede yeh ? what kind of a game ? johnnie High five . swede never hear of it . cowboy's voice some call it cinch . johnnie's voice ai not no cinch the way that poor Farmer play it . easterner' voice some call it double pedro . cowboy never know that . swede ohh. yaah . double pedro . be that it . johnnie five o' trump yer pedro , five o' same color 's yer leave , ... swede's voice ( across he ) yah . johnnie ... rank jest below yer five o' trump , each count ya ten point . swede yaahh . suure I play it . ( sharp pause ) for money you mean ? johnnie either way suit I . cowboy's voice let 's just play for fun . easterner' voice suit I . cowboy ( voice up ) just for fun , if that suit you . swede fun. yah . yah . I play . easterner' voice ( o.s. ) Fine . they all pull up they chair . the swede laugh shrilly and strangely . close shot -- easterner from the swede's angle he look up quickly at the swede ( lens ) close shot -- cowboy from johnnie's angle his jaw drop open , he head and eye toward the swede . close shot -- johnnie from the cowboy's angle not really look except very quietly , 'as if from under he eye ' , hold the card with still finger . close shot -- johnnie past cowboy and easterner his hand still suspend motionless . johnnie well , let 's get at it . come on now ! faint nod of agreement and shifting forward as they begin to cut for deal . close shot -- johnnie's hand shuffling the card he be a very fast shuffler . we watch he finish one whirr , and through another , then he put the card toward the swede for the cut , the camera following and pulling back . the swede slowly and seriously cut the deck three way as the camera recede and rise to take in he face and johnnie 's . he be smile at johnnie who seem about to speak -- not quarrel - somely exactly -- but let it go and start gather in the deck . close vertical shot -- over table johnnie deal very rapidly , three card to a man at a time , the camera follow the card around and the eye of the four man follow too . the swede pick up he first three card as quick as they fall , the other leave theirs on the table . he instantly take they in so close to he chest that , in look , he be like a woman look down the front of she dress . " circular " shot they all pick up they card and look and arrange they . camera on swede -- easterner' voice bidding camera on johnnie -- cowboy's voice bidding camera on easterner -- swede's voice bidding camera on cowboy -- johnnie's voice passing the swede 's voice name the trump suit . vertical shot of table the player discard , face up . ( they have be deal nine card each ) . they lay they down almost simultaneously : the easterner 7 , the cowboy 7 , the swede 5 and johnnie 8 . the cowboy whistle softly . three shot -- swede centered johnnie fill for they . 4 to the easterner , 4 to the cowboy and 1 to the swede . three shot -- johnnie centered he rob the deck for 5 card . " circular " shot the swede lead , johnnie lay a card out , then the easterner , then the cowboy . the cowboy lay he first card down quietly but already he face , especially the eye , have strangely alter . he seem essentially quite a gentle guy but the usually rather slow eye be bright and ruthless . the shot continue to the swede as he rake in a trick and lead he next card ; past johnnie for he and the easterner for he to the cowboy who , with a face like the archangel Michael goose Satan , wham down he card . three shot -- swede , johnnie , easterner the instant the card hit the table with its startling noise , the swede jump with fright , be mad at be scared and flick a smolder , mean eye at the cowboy . johnnie be mildly startle and quietly amused , much aware of the reaction of the other two . the easterner flinch with startlement ; mildly annoyed ; a little annoyed with himself for be annoyed ; a automatic and almost successful effort to show nothing . camera on swede and johnnie -- the swede leading camera on johnnie and easterner -- johnnie playing camera on easterner and cowboy -- easterner playing three shot -- from cowboy's angle as the hand and card wham down again , johnnie 's eye go to the cowboy , more amused . the two other take care not to look up . close up -- cowboy from johnnie's angle he be on top of the world . close up -- the swede SOUND of shuffle . his face have begin to darken , swell and crease ; he be look dull dagger toward the cowboy from under he brow ; sore as a boil . it be clear the cowboy have bust hell out of he bid . close up -- easterner SOUND of cowboy 's voice bid . the easterner be size he up with care ; he be a little annoyed and shake , but a discipline man . close up -- johnnie he be play a card , eye very watchful of he two opponent and still more amused . he know how sore they be get and how off - they - game it be put they . close up -- cowboy still more tickle with himself and more ruthless than before . wham . cowboy bullet by golly . new close up -- cowboy still more so than before . wham . cowboy reckon that will learn ye . new close up -- cowboy a card lift high to wham , then laid out quite gently . cowboy reckon we will leave um take this - un johnnie-boy , sure look like they could use it . wham on close up of swede by now boil internally , he sullenly play he card . wham on close up of easterner manage almost perfectly to control he wince and hide he anger . wham on close up of johnnie eye quick at swede and the easterner , just manage to hold in he laughter . wham on close up of cowboy sweat bright on he forehead , he tie and collar loosen , impervious to they anger ; happy as a clam . wham on close up of johnnie he can no longer contain he laughter . wham on close up of easterner look pinch around the nostril and pretty sick . close up -- swede ready for the wham ; a light card fall . cowboy's voice ( o.s. ) reckon we can afford it . the swede do a quiet collapse equivalent to that of lean against a strong wind which suddenly stop ; johnnie 's laughter louden o.s . the swede , still wear coat and vest , be in a great state of dishevelment , sweat hard , miserable ; by now he be as mad at quiet card as at wham and as mad at johnnie as at the cowboy . wham on close up of the easterner his vest unbuttone , unable to sit up straight any more ; he be smile bitterly ; SOUND of johnnie 's laughter intensify o.s . close up -- johnnie weak with laughter , but still at it ; by now he shirt be unbuttone down to the waist and he be sweat with laughter , laugh as much at the cowboy as at the other . close up -- cowboy his large , thick , long red neck sprout enormously from a tie and collar still more awry than before ; aware he too be be laugh at but stolidly and hugely pleased with himself : eye to all three player : wham . the camera lift and lose he head and shoot over it and the slicken SOUND of the card , up the length of the room , center on the window and the wild snow outside : ordinary full daylight : hold , fade the card sound and the laughter and the beat of wham almost to inaudibility and whiffling up the blizzard sound : CUT to : same shot well into the beginning of dusk ; a melancholy and slightly sinister light through the window , touch everything visible ; fade card sound in and up , and johnnie 's laughter , much more tired and habituate ; lower camera to take cowboy 's head , the kind of guy who never know when a joke stop be a joke ; another full - size wham ; CUT over johnnie's first word to : medium shot -- swede , johnnie , easterner from cowboy's angle johnnie be practically sick with laughter ; the other two be beat - out and sick to death of it . they be almost sorer at johnnie than at cowboy and show it in they hangdog glance at he . johnnie haahh , lordy , I could die laughin ' ! the swede , and even the easterner , flick he bitter glance . johnnie relax still more limp in he chair , tear on he cheek , catch they hard look and totally unmove ; just another whicker of laughter at they . cowboy's voice ( o.s . ) you deal johnnie , and you would better give the other boy some card for a change . they sure look like they could use a few . johnnie gett and ' chilly in here . ( look up and around ) hey , it 's gott and ' dark . medium shot -- from middle of room they all look up and around towards the window and realize it for the first time . johnnie get up ; behind the follow line he put on coal : easterner hmm ! ( he act bemuse come out of deep concentration on the card ) a pause . from mid-room , in the fade light , we watch they watch the darken , the strange light on they face , the face calming , even sadden a little . cowboy ( quietly ) snow sure do look blue , this time a day . the easterner nod ; a little surprised that cowboy notice it . cowboy funny , cause snow be not blue , it 's white . snow white , like they say . the easterner smile very quietly . cowboy reckon it 's the light . easterner ( nod ; then all but whisper ) yes . the swede , throughout this , be deeply still and withdraw ; he face be prepare , inconspicuously , the strange line on which he will re-enter the conversation . johnnie , finish with the stove , cross between camera and the table to side table o.s. , they eye follow he quietly , light change on they face as , o.s. , he light and turn up a lamp . medium close shot -- from same position -- johnnie as he finish with the lamp and leave the shot , hold a moment on the lamp , its light tender and magical in the fade day , and disclose they face , still bemuse in the ambiguous lighting of the last daylight and of lamplight on in daylight . there be a soft , strange point of light in each eye . medium close shot -- on johnnie -- past easterner and cowboy johnnie reseat himself , pull up , and get the deck ready for shuffle ; and they head turn back from the lamp toward the game . johnnie , realize the shift and slow of mood and influence by it , dawdle a little , more or less idling and toy with the card . a deeply pleasant and comfortable silence , tinged with the melancholy of dusk . slow " circular " shot -- beginning on the easterner 's quiet face ; then the cowboy 's ( past he we see the whole room and the darken window ) ; then the swede whose strange eye still catch the lamplight ; then johnnie , ready to resume play but wait for they . this shot be to crown and epitomize the mysterious yet peaceful mood -- which be now break by swede's voice ( o.s. , quiet and muse ) I suppose there have be a good many man kill in this room . a short , electrify pause . johnnie ( quietly ) how 's that ? medium shot -- cowboy , johnnie , easterner -- from the swede's angle all look at the swede sharply . close up -- swede his eye move to the cowboy and the easterner , then to johnnie . swede I say , I suppose there have be a good many man kill in this room . close up -- johnnie -- full face a short pause . johnnie what the divil be you talkin ' about ? quick , close full face of the cowboy and the easterner astound and intensely curious . close up -- swede swede ( a blatant laugh , full of false courage and defiance ) oh , you know what I mean , all right ! close up -- johnnie johnnie I be a liar if I do ! fast flicked close shot of easterner , cowboy and johnnie from the swede's angle johnnie ( very much the son of the proprietor ) now , what might you be drivin ' at , mister ? close shot -- swede from easterner' angle swede ( wink at johnnie , a wink full of cun ) oh , maybe you think I have be to nowhere . maybe you think I be a tenderfoot ? johnnie I do not know nuthin ' about you and I do not give a whoop where you have be . all I get to say be I do not know what you be drivin ' at . there hai not never be nobody kill in this room . cowboy ( a sudden swing of he whole head toward the swede ) what 's wrong with you , mister ? all from swede's angle , at speed of flicking eye : cowboy with the easterner in the b.g. and slightly blurred focus ; johnnie with the easterner in the b.g. and slightly blurred focus ; the easterner alone , in sharp focus ; all be tightly look into the swede 's eye but the easterner be the only one who look at all " concerned " or in the least sympathetic . medium close shot -- swede -- past easterner , cowboy and johnnie he seem to feel he be " formidably menace " . he send a appeal glance to the easterner . start very quietly , bring up ever louder , o.s. SOUND of " some loose thing beat regularly against the clapboard " -- " like a spirit tapping " . swede ( mockingly , to easterner ) they say they do not know what I mean ! easterner ( impassively ) I do not understand you . johnnie and the cowboy exchange glance and look to the swede . medium shot -- swede -- past easterner : cowboy and johnnie flanking swede ( shrugging ) oh , I see you be all against I . I see -- during the shrug , the camera creep a little to the respect past the easterner and bore in on the swede and the cowboy , the latter in deep stupefaction and rise impatience . by the time of the second " I see " , the camera lose the swede entirely and the cowboy , in solitary close up , slam down he hand on the board : cowboy say , what be you gott and ' at , hey ? whip camera to swede and tilt up as he spring up with the celerity of a man escape from a snake on the floor . swede ( stand in tilt close up from the angle of the center of the table ) I do not want to fight ! I do not want to fight ! close shot -- swede ( stand ) -- level a little above there head they have save the table from he sudden get up ; they hand clench it . the cowboy stretch he long leg insolently and deliberately . he jam he hand deep in he pocket . he spit , twist past he shoulder , into the cuspidor almost at the swede 's foot . cowboy ( quiet and contemptuous ) well , who in tarnation think you do ? medium close shot -- swede and cowboy the cowboy 's turn head and jaw in floor of shot at the beginning ; slowly creep on the swede , gain a little , lose the cowboy , as the swede back rapidly toward the wall near the coat room , in he eye , " the die swan look " . the tapping outdoors be very loud by now . swede ( voice quavering ) gentlemen , I suppose I be go to be kill before I can leave this house ! I suppose I be go to be kill before I can leave this house ! SOUND of door open o.s. medium shot -- scully , from same position , new angle he enter from he office near the front door . he pause in surprise . medium shot -- swede -- group in b.g. -- from scully' angle swede ( eagerly and swiftly ; head turn to answer scully ) this man be go to kill I . scully kill you ! kill you ? what be you talkin' ? the swede make the " gesture of a martyr " . scully what be this , johnnie ? johnnie ( sullen , but look at scully ) I dunno . I can not make no sense to it . ( eye drift , he begin to shuffle the card with a angry snap ) he say a good many man have be kill in this room , or something like like that . and he say he 's goin ' to be kill here too . I dunno what ail he . he 's crazy , I should not wonder . scully kill you ? kill you ? man , you be off you nut . swede oh , I know . I know what will happen . yes , I be crazy -- yes . but I know one thing ... group -- from the swede's angle a almost lightning quick shot of all of they from the swede 's angle . close shot -- swede swede ... I know I will not get out of here alive . hold on he , sweat and full of dread , at least three second of silence . close up -- cowboy he " draw a deep breath , as if he mind be pass into the last stage of dissolution " . cowboy ( whisper almost to himself ) well , I be doggone . medium close shot -- scully wheeling suddenly on johnnie . scully you have be troublin ' this man ! medium close shot -- johnnie -- past cowboy , scully in l.s. johnnie ( loudly ; with grievance ) why good night , I be not do nothin to 'im ! medium close shot -- swede -- past easterner and cowboy , and past scully , stand , just beyond cowboy swede ( one step forward ; stop ) gentlemen , do not disturb yourselves . I will leave this house . I will go away , because -- he accuse they dramatically with he glance . closer shot -- same angle swede -- because I do not want to be kill . scully ( wheeling , furious , to johnnie ) will ye tell I what 's the matter ye young divil ? what 's the matter , annyhow ? speak out ! johnnie blame it ! I tell you I do not know . he -- he say we want to kill he , and that 's all I know . I can not tell what ail he . swede never mind Mr. scully ; never mind . I will leave this house . I will go away because I do not want to be kill . yes , of course , I be crazy -- yes . but I know one thing ! I will go away . I will leave this house . never mind , Mr. scully ; never mind . I will go away . scully you will not go away . you will not go away until I hear the reason of this business . if anybody have troubled you I will take care of he . this be my house . you be under my roof , and I will not allow any peaceable man to be troubled here . swede never mind , Mr. scully ; never mind . I know you do not want trouble , but you can not stop they . nobody can stop they , not God himself . ( sad wag of head ) no Mr. scully , I will go away . I do not wish to be kill . I will get my baggage . the screen be empty for a moment , then scully dart into the shot , half across the screen . scully ( peremptorily ) no , no ! medium shot -- same position angle for the swede 's " beyond word " backward glance at scully , and he sad and deliberate exit . scully still transfix in c.s. , look after the swede ; SOUND of a door close and the swede 's slow foot on the stair . he hold , slowly turn , walk slowly and very impressively back toward the table , camera with he . scully now . what do this mane ? close shot -- the three from scully' stooped , investigatory angle johnnie and cowoy ( rather loudly and almost in unison ) why , we do not do nuthin ' to he ! close shot -- up at scully -- from easterner' angle so close that johnnie and the cowboy be not in the shot . scully ( coldly ) no ? you do not ? close shot -- johnnie -- from easterner' angle johnnie why this be the wildest loon I ever see . we do not do nuthin ' at all . we be jest sett and ' here playin ' card , and he ... scully' voice ( o.s. , interrupt ) mister -- close shot -- scully -- from easterner' angle -- looking straight into lens scully ( solemnly ) mister : what have this boy be doin ' ? close shot -- easterner -- from scully' angle easterner ( slowly , after a long , careful pause ) I do not see anything wrong at all . pull back to frame in johnnie and the cowboy ; vindicate and a little smug . close shot -- scully miserably and desperately chew that one over : a sudden outburst . scully ( howling ) but what do it mane ? ( to johnnie ) I have a good mind to lather ye for this , I boy ! close shot -- johnnie -- from scully' angle johnnie ( frantic ) well what have I do ? close shot -- scully -- from johnnie's angle close shot -- cowboy -- from scully' angle close shot -- easterner -- from scully' angle medium close shot -- scully -- past the three scully ( scornfully ) I think you be tongue-ty . he look at they 1 - 2 - 3 again , turn on he heel ; walk toward the stairway door and out of shot , camera lifting a trifle to follow . medium close shot -- the three -- past swede's empty chair over SOUND of close door and scully 's climb foot , each look from one to the other , speechless , dumbfounded . quick fade : fade in : close shot -- the swede's room ( upstair ) the swede 's lean leave shoulder ; he be strapping he valise . a little noise ; he straighten up wheeling with a loud cry , camera follow into close up ; he terrify eye be fix just to the right of the lens . medium close shot -- scully at the OPEN door he be carry a small kerosene lamp which scare- light he wrinkle face . he should " resemble a murderer " sufficiently to startle even the audience . medium close shot -- swede -- past scully still sick with terror as scully leave the dark corridor and enter the light room . scully man ! man ! have you go daffy ? close two shot -- scully walking into shot carry he lamp ; ordinary lighting of room . swede oh , no ! oh , no ! ( short pause ) there be people in this world who know pretty nearly as much as you do -- understand ? close shot -- swede -- from scully' viewpoint on he deathly pale cheek be two spot , " as sharply edge as if they have be carefully paint " . his eye brighten almost as if with tear . for a moment he mouth tremble ; then he make it firm . swede ( quiet , solemn , profoundly sad ) just one rule , Mr. scully , and I learn it young . do not never trust nobody . be ready for anything . he look at scully , both dare he to contradict , and desperately plead for assurance that this be not so . swede my father beat that into I . that 's why I be alive today . ( he plead , forbid look intensify ) close shot -- scully from swede's viewpoint scully mean well but all this be far beyond he ; besides , he be wholly wrap up in the immediate situation . he be study the swede very carefully , in deep concern and puzzlement . after a moment he put he lamp on the table and sit on the edge of the bed , camera swinging to keep he center . medium shot -- scully R.S. -- swede stand l.s. as scully sit scully ( ruminatively ) by cracky , I never hear of such a thing in my life . it 's a complete muddle . I can not for the soul of I think how you ever get this idea into you head . ( a short silence ) and do you sure think they be go to kill you ? swede ( scan he as if he want to see into he mind . at last , with a great effort ) I do . he turn again to the valise strap , back to scully . his whole arm shake , he elbow waver like a bit of paper . scully ( bang impressively on the footboard of the bed ) why , man , we be goin ' to have a line of illictric street - car in this town next spring . swede ( stupidly , vacantly ) a line of electric street - car . ( he get busy on the other strap ) scully and there 's a new railroad goin ' to be build down from Broken Arm to here . not to mention the four church and the smashin ' big brick schoolhouse . then there 's the big factory , too . why in two year rrhahmpr will be a metropolis . swede ( he straighten up and politely await the termination of the forego line ) Mr. scully , how much do I owe you ? scully ( sore ; get up ) you do not owe I one red cent . swede yes I do . ( he take coin from he pocket and offer they to scully , who snap he finger in disdainful refusal ; they eye rest on the open palm between they , gaze in a strange fashion ) insert : the open palm , very heavy and alive , tailor ' mark and callouse on it , tremble faintly ; three quarter on it . medium shot -- scully R.S. -- swede stand l.s. they eye lift from the open palm and meet strangely in silence . scully ( quietly ) I will not take you money . not after what 's be goin ' on here . all of a sudden he begin to look very crafty . the swede watch the change in he face with deep uneasiness . close up -- the swede his eye to scully , look still more uneasy . close up -- scully -- from swede's angle look still more crafty . scully here , here ! ( he turn and pick up the lamp , camera follow , and come back close again , beckone , guileful ) come with I a minute . medium close shot -- swede -- past scully recoil in overwhelming alarm . medium close shot -- scully -- from swede's angle press closer ; wheedling , crafty . scully yes ! come on ! I want you to come and see a pitcher -- just across the hall -- in my room . swede very close , he tooth shaking like a dead man' ; pull back to bring in scully very close in almost the posture of a juda about to plant the kiss , eye slantwise up to the taller man . scully come on . there 's nuthin ' to be afraid of : come on . ( he start for the door ) pull camera back and lead they out through the door , scully hold he lamp high , the swede follow with the step of one hang in chain . close shot -- scully' bedroom the lamp be thrust through darkness high upward against the wall of scully 's room , pick up first a slide swatch of ornate wallpaper , then a ridiculous photograph of a little girl , the figure graceful as a upright sled -stake . she be the hue of lead . she lean against a balustrade or gorgeous decoration . the formidable bang to she hair be prominent . scully there , that 's the pitcher of my little girl that die . her name be carrie . she have the purtiest hair you ever see . pull back to take scully close , look up . scully ( continue ) I be that fond of she , she -- scully 's eye to the swede , swing camera onto the swede , scully beyond he . he be not look either at scully or the picture but be keep keen watch on the gloom at the rear . scully ( continue ) look , man ! that 's the pitcher of my little girl that die . her name be carrie . ( swede be around , reluctant , scared , uninterested . as he eye lift toward the picture , swing camera to lose he , and past scully , and to new picture as scully continue ) and then here 's the pitcher of my eldest boy , Michael ... ( graduation shot , cap and gown , a smart , shrewd , ambitious - look young irishman ) ...he 's a lawyer in lincoln , a ' doin ' well . I give that boy a grand eddication a ' I be glad for it now . he 's a fine boy . look at he now . close shot -- scully and swede -- from picture's angle scully ai not he bold as blaze , he there in lincoln ! a honore and respected gintleman . ( turn to the swede ) a honore and respected gintleman . ( he smite the swede jovially on the back ; the swede smile faintly , lugubriously ) now , there 's only one thing more . ( he turn from the wall and the swede turn he head back to camera to look . ) medium shot -- scully he drop to knee , plant he lamp on the carpet , and burrow under the bed . scully' voice ( muffle ) I would keep it under I piller if it be not fer that boy johnnie . medium close -- swede -- from just off angle of lamp scully' voice ( o.s . ) then there 's the old woman -- where be it now ? close shot -- scully' high rump and the lamp scully' voice ( from under bed ) I never put it twice in the same place . ah , now , come out with ye . scramble and grunt he back from under the bed drag a old coat roll into a bundle , fleck with lint . scully I have fetch he ! he start brush off fleck of lint . medium close -- swede -- from just off angle of lamp the swede , he eye sharpen . scully brushes off a last little whisk of lint and carefully unroll the coat , and extract from its heart a large yellow - brown whiskey bottle . he hold the bottle against the lamplight . reassured that nobody have be at it , he thrust it upward with a generous movement toward the swede . medium shot -- swede -- past scully he be about to eagerly clutch this element of strength but suddenly jerk he hand away and cast a look of horror upon scully . scully get to he foot , lamp in one hand , bottle in the other , and take a step toward the swede . scully ( affectionately ) drink . medium close shot -- scully and swede lighted only by the lamp . a silence . scully clamp the bottle under the lamp - bear arm , twist out the cork , hold out both bottle and cork . scully drink ! suddenly the swede laugh wildly . he grab the bottle , screw it into he mouth . close shot -- scully -- past swede small , worried , the beginning even of a look of fright . close shot -- swede in witch - like lamplight : bottle tilt high , lip curling around the open , throat work and sound of he swallow : he eye , burn with hatred , fix upon scully . dissolve to : medium close shot -- cowboy , easterner , johnnie -- past swede's empty chair a long astound silence . the easterner light a cigarette . johnnie ( almost reverently ) that 's the dod-dangdest swede I ever see ! cowboy ( contemptuously ) he be not no swede . johnnie well what be he then ? what be he then ? cowboy ( astutely and deliberately ) it 's my opinion he 's some kind of a dutchman . johnnie be impressed ; the easterner , interested and amused by both of they , cover he amusement . cowboy ( continue ) yes , sir , it 's my opinion this feller be some kind of a dutchman . johnnie ( sulkily ) well he say he 's a swede anyhow . ( to easterner ) what do you think ? easterner oh , I do not know . cowboy well , what do you think make he act like that ? easterner why , he 's frighten . ( he flick ash in spittoon ) camera slowly creep they into close up . easterner ( continue ) he 's clear frighten out of he boot . johnnie and cowboy ( in unison ) what at ? the easterner reflect . johnnie and cowboy ( again in unison ) what at ? easterner ( slowly turn the cigarette between he fingertip , scrutinise the coal ) oh , I do not know , but it seem to I this man have be read dime novel about the wild west , and he think he 's right out in the middle of it -- the shootin ' and stabbin ' and all . ( he look to the cowboy and then to johnnie ) closer shot -- cowboy -- from angle of johnnie's right shoulder , easterner' back , in l.s. cowboy ( deeply scandalize ) but this be not Wyoming , ner none o' they place . this be nebrasky . closer shot -- johnnie -- from angle of cowboy's left shoulder , easterner' back , in r.s . johnnie ( sore and eager ) yeah , a ' why do not he wait till he git out West ? close shot -- easterner -- from angle of swede's chair easterner ( laugh quietly ) it be not so wild out there even -- not in this day . but he think he 's right in the middle of hell . he be quiet . johnnie and the cowboy muse long . johnnie ( after a silence ) it 's awful funny . cowboy yeah , this be a queer game . I hope we do not git snow in ... ( easterner glance toward front window ) ...' cause then we would have to stand this here man around with we all the time . that would not be no good . ( he wag he head ) no sir ree bob tail . johnnie I wish pop ud throw he out . cowboy could not do that . he be not do nuthin' . not edsackly . johnnie I do not care . I do not like he . cowboy you or I neither . they be alert by SOUND of loud stomping on the stair , o.s. scully 's ringing voice ad lib , no word audible ; the swede 's laughter . they all look quickly to the stairway door , then " vacantly " at each other . cowboy gosh ! SOUND of door open o.s. ; all look sharply toward it . long shot -- same position -- up room to door scully , flushed and anecdotal , swing into the room and down toward the table like all three musketeer . the swede follow , laugh bravely . scully ( more or less over he shoulder ) a ' then he sez , sez , ' oh ' , he sez , ' I have get to bring thim along to hould the jackass , ' he sez : ' he do not like it .' ( plenty of haw haw from swede and scully ) ' he do not like it ' , he sez ! would not that kill yez ? swede he do not like it , huh ? haw , haw , ! durn good ! scully be almost up to the stove , swede close behind ; camera pull back to shoot past they at the seat man during scully 's next line . scully ( sharply ) come now , move up and give we a chance at the stove . the cowboy and the easterner obediently sidle they chair to make room . johnnie , keep the board on he lap , simply arrange himself in a more indolent attitude . scully come , git over there . johnnie plenty of room without I movin' . medium close shot -- scully -- from johnnie's angle swede in background scully ( roaring ) a ' you with the warmest spot in the house ? swede ( a patronise bully ) no , no . let the boy sit where he like . scully ( deferentially ) all right ! all right ! medium close shot -- cowboy and easterner they exchange glance of wonder . medium close shot -- across group between easterner and johnnie swede anyhow , I do not know as I want to sit with this people . scully just suit yourself mister . we would be glad of yer company , but just suit yourself . Liberty Hall , ye know . ( he laugh nervously ) swede I want a drink of water . scully ( at once ) I will git it for you . swede ( contemptuously ) nahh , I will get it for myself . he walk off with the air of a owner toward and into scully 's office . camera lifting to follow , shoot past top of the head of the seat man . as soon as he be out of sight scully and camera lean down quick and close into the group . scully ( in a intense whisper ) ye know what ? upstair ? I give he a little snort o' what 's good for yez , a ' he think I be tryin ' to poison ' im ! medium close shot -- on johnnie and scully -- past the easterner and cowboy johnnie ( not lowering he voice ) say , this make I sick , why ... scully ( finger to lip ) ssh ! johnnie ( voice scarcely lower ) ... why do not you throw ' im out in the snow ? scully why , he 's all right now . it be only that he be from the East , and he think this be a tough place ... close shot -- cowboy look with admiration toward the easterner scully' voice ( o.s. ) ... that 's all . he 's all right now . as the cowboy speak , the camera swing to include the easterner . cowboy you be straight . you be onto that there dutchman , dead to rights . close shot -- johnnie -- from cowboy's angle johnnie well , he may be all right now , but I do not see it . other time he be scared , but now he 's too fresh . ai not that right ? cowboy's voice ( o.s. ) sure look like it to I . medium close shot -- cowboy and easterner -- past johnnie cowboy look like to I he 's bound to fall off one side a th' hoss or t'other . the easterner nod quietly . johnnie's voice ( o.s . ) why do not you kick he out , pop ? a sharp intake of breath from scully ; all look up sharply . close shot -- scully pulling back with he as he lean down into group , hand on knee , thunder at he with passionate solemnity . scully what do I keep ? what do I keep ? what do I keep ? ( he slap one knee impressively ; shout ) I keep a hotel ! a hotel , do ye mind ? a guest under my roof have sacred privilege . he be to be intimidate by none . not one word shall he hear that would prijiduce he in favor of goin ' away . I will not have it . there 's no place in this here town where they can say they iver take in a guest of mine because he be afraid to stay here . ( he wheel intensely on the cowboy and the easterner -- to the cowboy ) be I right ? cowboy ( solemnly ) yes , Mr. scully , I think you be right . scully ( to easterner ) be I right ? easterner ( solemnly ) yes , Mr. scully , I think you be right . camera tilt upward a little , shoot across the group , still holding they in the bottom of the shot ; after a second the swede re-enter from the office and walk toward they , he footstep heavy , he eye on they . none of they look up or around at he . the SOUND of a open door , o.s. ; scully 's eye toward it . medium shot -- same position but new angle -- dine room door past the stove on the dining room door ; scully 's daughter be lean through it . daughter ( low , inhibit voice ) papa : supper . close shot -- scully scully ( almost under he breath ) Supper , gintleman . ( he gesture they up ) they be all up and filing toward the door ; still no eye for the swede who be walk alone toward they . quick fade : fade in : close shot -- dine room -- the swede his head be against a almost halation - brassy highlight , through glass , on a broad perforate mechanical - music disc and , when we pull back , a mechanical violin or mandolin : stentorian noise of the nervous pluck of the perforation and the exact drive rasp screech of the violin ( play some potpourri of waldteufel waltze or of early honky - tonk ragtime ) : also a noise of cranking and of tightening spring . the swede 's stoop round shine malignantly grin face be on level of disc and much like it . his napkin on , he hair wetted and comb slick but beginning to spike up awry ; he laugh low , finish he cranking and listen a moment with burlesque of connoisseur 's or Old maestro 's relish , imitate a would - be-lyrical phrase of the violin with the skreeky hum of a bass hum falsetto and with mock - affect hand mock that of a violinist and with a look of mock ecstasy ; then smack he hand together loudly and do a peasant dance step on he way back to he chair , which be almost directly in front of the machine so that the turn disc back swede 's head throughout this scene like a phony halo . he scrape back he chair as loudly as he can ; sit down , and look triumphantly and cruelly and with a air of great benefaction from man to man , while he shovel down the food in the manner of Henry VIII . quick flicking shot , as from the swede's eye : seating same as at dinner the easterner look even smaller than he be , eat rather little ; encase in reserve . the cowboy stare across at the swede in wide - mouth amazement , forget to eat . scully his own version of the easterner , shoulder huddle , eye to plate , try to pretend to eat as if nothing be happen . medium close shot -- swede and johnnie -- past easterner and cowboy the swede be leer happily sidelong at johnnie , who be eat quickly and savagely . pull around to lose johnnie and creep into full close up on the swede , lose the cowboy and the easterner . the swede munch and finish a huge mouthful , drink from he tumbler with parodistic extension of thick pinkie , swab he mouth royally with the apron of the napkin which be tie under he ear ; flick glance from eye to eye . swede ( with brutally mock incredulity ) you gentleman do not like a little dinner music ? flick shot of easterner and cowboy from swede's angle they be even more - so what they be , than before . flick on scully -- from swede's angle he primly and delicately sip from he glass , look a little like a hurt old lady . close on swede swede or maybe it be not the custom in you country ? ( lean toward scully ) camera swing to bring in scully swede ( continue ) ai not it the custom Mr. scully ? be I make a foe pah , like the feller say ? scully ( not look up ; mumble ) o , yes , yes . it 's a custom . Music or not , it 's all the same . swede ( to table at large , talk with mouth full most of the time , camera pull back to center he , scully flanking on respect , johnnie and cowboy 's shoulder on l. ) now on the other side , go to a high class restaurant , beer garden , why they would not call it a nice place to eat without they have a feller with a fiddle , pianner , couple a palm tree on a little platform , they play you sweet music while you eat . ( bite ; gobble ) New York City it 's the same . calm you down . cheer you up . settles yer stummick good . ( drink ; bite ) but here , ( chew ) seem like you gentleman do not enjoy it . ( bite ) maybe you just do not like music . hehnh ? ( he giggle low as he look around ) flick shot -- easterner -- from swede's angle flick shot -- cowboy close shot -- swede swede ( take another big bite ) ' course in a low - class joint -- a domp ... ( scully wince ) ... you can not expect no musician , nor no appreciation , neither . bunch of ignorant lout be all . ai not that right , Mr. scully ? scully half nod , not speak or look ; try to pretend to eat . swede ( continue ) yah , just a bonch a lout . ( flick he eye around ) tough guy . ( flick eye and giggle ) but this be not no domp ! ( giggle ) oh no. ( giggle harder ) and you be not no tough guy . ( flick and giggle harder ) ooohh no ! ( laugh outright ) be ye johnnieboy ? ( he side -swipe johnnie with he eat elbow ; johnnie swipe back hard ; swede roar with laughter . ) oh , I beg yer pardon johnnieboy ! I get to mind my manners I can see that ! insert vertical over biscuit plate as the easterner 's small , reach hand be all but impale by the swede 's fork , reach for a biscuit . medium close shot -- easterner -- quick shot from swede's angle easterner 's reaction , which be to cover up as quick as possible . medium close shot -- swede he glint expectantly toward the easterner , burst into loud laughter at he reaction , which he translate as cowardice . up through the SOUND of he hard loud laughter and the hard loud music , come a enigmatic racket ; the chuffing , growl roar , the banshee wail of wind in the chimney . the swede 's laugh bite off like a hatchet through a hen 's neck : he be transfix by the profound fright which unexpected noise cause in some man . swede ( to scully ) what 's that ? no answer . the roar continue . the swede 's fear increase . medium shot -- down the table past scully Three grateful , happy face , nobody eat , eye all lift to study swede . close shot -- swede -- scully in at R.S. swede what 's that I say ! camera pull back a little , equalize the swede and scully scully ( with sardonic relish ) nuthin ' to be scared of mister . just the wind . just the angle of the wind in the chimney . they all resume eat ; little glance to the swede and each other ; plenty pleased . close shot -- swede he listen a moment ; the SOUND begin slowly to diminish . swede ( coldly , heavily ) who 's scared ? ( he look around ; silence ) who say so ? ( look around again ) camera begin to pull back on he bully glance to they silence . swede ( continue ; low hard giggle begin ) I scared ? ( giggle ) I ? camera arrest pull - out ; swede be center , scully and johnnie and the cowboy 's shoulder flanking . the giggle break into full malicious laughter . swede ( continue ; finally ; to johnnie ) butter please . johnnie act as if he do not even hear . swede ( continue ; reach across johnnie for the butter just short of brutally enough to require action ) thankk you , son . ( he take a huge hunk of butter , while scully wince , and load it onto a split biscuit . in a friendly , chatty manner , to scully ) that 's what I like about the hotel you keep mister scully . ( chomp , chomp ) it be not get no class but they be not nobody can say you be stingy with the vittle : hah ? on " hah ? " , a mouthful of buttery biscuit wide open in mock - friendliness ; some of it fall out almost on scully 's plate . swede , in mock embarassment , pick it up as prissily as if it stank and put it on the edge of he own plate . scully 's daughter enter to clear plate . swede o parrdon mee . marrdon I paddum this pie be occypew , allow I to sew you to another sheet , a-har-har - har-har-har , that 's a hot one , huh ? how do you like that ! this pie be occypew . huh ? oh marrdon I paddum . ( the daughter , behind he , be try to get past he elbow : he make she have to lean against he ) miss I ought to say . mardon I ... ( he begin to finish the spoonerism with silent lip , be take by mock surprise , mock shock , amusement and delight ; scully glance up at he very sharply ; to scully , pleasantly ) she be not marry be she mister scully ? ( silence ; even more honey ) how old be you daughter , mister scully ? ( no answer . -- daughter by now have collect scully 's plate and vanish down the line of cowboy and easterner , out of shot ) mardon I sir I mean sardon I mur ; that be not a question a gentleman would ask , be it ? be it mister scully ? ( silence ) but it 's a fair bet she 's older than johnnieboy , huh johnnie ? could pretty near be johnnie 's mother , huh ? she be come behind he with dessert and now try to serve he ; again he force she to lean , twist and look up at she with broad mock - admiration ; at the moment she face lean lowest he wink into she face enormously and click he gum ; she shrivel , shoveling he saucer onto the table , and hurry away . scully be damn near ready to take action but the swede break through a comfortable giggle in a voice of deep and kind concern , genuine - seem enough to counter scully . swede poor girl . I must of say something that hurt she feeling . you tell she how sorry I be mister scully if I do not get a chance to tell she myself , will you ? ( no answer ) please sir . they be not nothing a gentleman feel so ashamed of as if he hurt a lady 's feeling . yes , I tell you , mister scully , you be a mighty lucky man , you get a fine girl will stay with you she like she old dad so much , when plenty would just get marry and clear outa this town quick as they get the chance . cut down the overhead , you do not have to hire no help . maybe she give you she tip , hah ? besides , you run a hotel that be not so much fer class , it make up fer a lot if you see a pretty girl around the place . hah ? Little service she can do the guest , do not ya know , that need the woman 's touch ? yes , sir , my opinion be , you be a mighty lucky man . ( but instead of quite get out " man " clearly , he nurse and relish along and deliver a slow tremendous growl belch ) now where I come from , a feller that do that , they would say it be something ' so awful it be not any use to make excuse . they would just say , go on out a ' eat with the pig . that 's in Europe . but heere : in americah : course in China they tell I , why if you do not give a nice big belch why you host he feeling get hurt cause you be not get no manners . you give a belch to prove you like the eat . like that . see ? but then you be not no chinaman , be you mister scully . ( the low steady giggle and the look around ) no sir , it take all kind . he look around for something else to say ; pick he tooth and talk through it . swede funny thing , you feller do not eat enough . look hearty , except a course we little friend from Philadelphia , but you do not eat enough . except johnnieboy here . he will eat you outa house and home , hah johnnie ? but johnnie need it . gonna make a man of he someday hah johnnieboy ? ( giggle ) if he can eat enough . ( giggle ) now I : one thing I can say for myself , be not nothing ever hurt my appetite . I betcha I could eat hearty off my dead mother 's coffin . ( the look around ) take tonight . nobody talk hardly but I . nobody but I try to be sociable and keep the ball roll . lotsa people that would put um off they feed like it do you feller , but not I . like you see it in the papers , the condemn man eat a hearty breakfast . Supper I mean . ( pleasant laugh ) all it take now to make it perfect be another little glass of schnapp , uhh ? settle we chow ? put the stummick juice to work ? hehnh ? camera pull back to bring scully into two shot scully ( almost inaudible mutter ) no ... think not ... moderation ... save it for medicinal purpose ... swede ( archly ) oohh , miss -ter scully ! scully pull back he chair and get up , camera pulling back to include whole group and table as all pull back and rise with relief . the swede get up too ; as scully pass he give he a hell of a whack across the shoulder and step along with he . swede well , anyhow old boy , that be a good square meal . close shot -- scully it look for a moment as though he might flame out over the matter . medium close -- the group -- past scully on they hopeful , expectant eye . scully break down into a sickly smile and remain silent . it be clear from he manner that he be admit he responsibility for the swede 's new viewpoint . the swede tower past scully and past camera toward the door ; scully follow , camera swinging with he . as he pass johnnie , johnnie pluck at he sleeve and whisper something to he . scully ( in undertone ) why do not you license somebody to kick you downstairs ? they go along toward and through the door , camera follow . camera pick up the easterner and the cowboy as they come along the end of the table toward the door . easterner ( low ) I thing that swede have something . cowboy anything he 's get he can keep . easterner when he think scully be try to poison he . cowboy mister ! they go through the door into the main room . medium shot -- MAIN room camera on dining room door , already swinging , catch they as they file in , stiff and silent with antagonism ; swing with they as they pass on the far side of the stove to the crescent of empty chair ; the swede stride immediately to the best chair , ( nearest camera ) hand proprietorily on its back ; not yet sit ; he wheel on the other as they straggle into the shot . they be all very tense and still with loung hostility , intensely silent except when speak . the swede just keep look at they until they be all there , all still stand ; as if he be a Chairman , wait for member of a meeting to assemble . swede ( domineer ) alll right : where 's they card ? scully ( gently ) oh , I do not think that 's such a very good idea perhaps ... medium close shot -- the swede -- from scully' angle swede ( with a wolfish glare ) oh you do not huh ? medium shot -- the group -- stove at CENTER scully ( subside ; meekly ) well , of course it be not for I to decide ... swede ( threateningly ; to the easterner ) how about you ? close shot -- the easterner easterner ( tightly ) it suit I if you gentleman want to play . close shot -- the swede swede ( to cowboy ) get any objection ? close shot -- the cowboy cowboy ( hard and taciturn ) suit I mister . swede look like you be out vote mister scully so where 's they card ? scully ( still try to be pleasant ) well now that 's friendly of you but if you gentleman do not mind I think I will just look at I paper ; here it be night already and all day I have not ... swede ( interrupt ; to johnnie ) so ? for a moment they glance cross like blade . then johnnie smile . johnnie yes ; I will play . camera pull back to include the whole group as he start for the table . the swede nod curtly . the easterner and the cowboy swap quiet glance . scully look uneasy enough almost to intervene ; then purse he lip , shrug faintly , and drift out of the group and across shot nearer . camera swing and hold on he , back - to , turn up the lamp on the side table for read . close shot -- johnnie's hand the purring shuffle , swiftly , twice , pulling out and up on second shuffle to take johnnie , back to stove as before , and swede at he leave -- i.e. in r.s. close up -- cowboy -- scully in deep b.g. at window scully ( turn from window ) it 's quit snowin ' gintleman . cowboy yeah ? scully ( back toward read table ) but a worse wind than ever . bitter night . ( no comment from anyone ) close up -- easterner arranging he card . he be absorb in the tension rather than the game . close up -- johnnie he be the only one of they well inside the card . we see also he extreme hatred for the swede , quietly and rather gracefully borne . johnnie ( to swede , after a silence ) well , it 's you bid . close up -- the swede his eye , in a jag flicker , down to the card close to he chest , then toward each face in turn . swede do not hurry I , boy . ( a pause ) he bid rather high : in this game trump be name only after bid be finish . hold camera on the swede as the cowboy raise , easterner pass and johnnie pass . swede ( to easterner ) could not help I out , huh ? no answer . swede I pass . he throw out he discard and pick up he new card ; look to the cowboy , expect , as we do , the usual wham . move camera into the circular shot ; on the cowboy as he lay down he card , quite gently for he ; on the easterner 's mildly surprised reaction as he play ; on johnnie play , he face very quiet and hat ; on the swede as , vindictively , with scarcely any amusement about it , he wham harder than the cowboy do all afternoon . his hand move to rake in the trick . cowboy's voice ( o.s . ) that 's my trick . swede ( a dead voice ) so ? I play the ace . cowboy's voice ( o.s . ) that be not the trump suit . swede ( he hand still on the trick ) so ? johnnie's voice ( o.s. ) yeah , so . swede it 's yours . ( he shrug and toss trick to center of table ) camera turn on they again , a little more quickly as each play , pick up they smolder reaction to the swede 's perversity ; on the swede 's play he wham again , even harder than before . again he start to rake in the trick . easterner' voice ( o.s . ) that 's johnnie 's trick . swede so ? what 's trump ? cowboy's voice ( o.s. ) club , and besides you do not only play a trey . swede my leave pedro . cowboy five o' spade yer leave pedro . swede oh , five ; oh yaah . five. ( shrug ) okay ; it 's yours . ( he toss the trick toward johnnie ) it 's only in fun . medium close shot -- the three from swede's angle just look at he . swede's voice ( o.s . ) you play . cowboy wonder for a moment whether to go on ; then he play a card quietly . close shot -- the swede watchful and somber . SOUND of easterner 's and johnnie 's play . medium close shot -- scully in he chair , flinching at the SOUND of the swede 's wham o.s . continue card sound and low voice ad lib o.s. as scully load he pipe ; light it ; unfurl and arrange he newspaper for read as the camera creep very slowly toward he into close up ; start read . Card sound fade and wind SOUND be bring up a little . easterner 's voice come as vague as if through ether . easterner' voice ( o.s . ) if you would hold onto that Jack we could have bust they you know . swede's voice ( o.s. ) just play you own hand mister . I will take care of mine . SOUND of shuffle o.s. , then of deal ; the card sound fade out completely and the wind fade to a dream whine as we slowly fade on scully , deeply absorb in he read , he lip move a little . fade in : just a little soft in focus , faint card sound , the wind up a little ; scully be doze ; a wind - whicker wake he with a jerk with which we jerk to pure focus . he glance up at the clock on the wall to he leave ; it be eight - twenty - seven and for that who notice it before the fade , be then seven - fourteen : scully register a aging man 's surprise and mild embarrassment at old - age doze . he clearly reprove himself and determine to wake up thoroughly and stay awake till a fit hour . he brushes spill ash and tobacco crumb from he lapel , polish he glass , readjust they on he nose , reset himself to read ; realize the lamp be smoking a little ; get up fussily and adjust it properly ; business with paper again and really settles down to read , with that peer look of a old priest ; lip move , half - whisper what he be read ; a great rumpling turn of the paper , resettle again , peacefully read filler and mumble to himself . camera close scully ( a whisper mumble ) " Lake titicaca in Peru be the high body of fresh water in the world , altitude a thousand foot . it 's depth have never yet be plumbe . " niver yet be plumbe . fascinatin ' . now be not that fascinatin ' ! ( he peer ) " some of the giant redwood in California be sturdy sapling in the day of King Solomon ( circa 700 b.c. ) " . think o' that ! ( he cluck he tongue ) sturdy sapling be they ! my ! ( he peer ) " the longest railroad tunnel on the North american continent be -- swede ( o.s. ; in a terrible voice ) you be cheatin' ! catch just the beginning of scully 's reaction then quick CUT to : long shot the camera be well toward the front of the room , height of the eye of the seat man ; scully medium in r.s. , player long , down center - to-left . scully be half out of he chair at the start of the shot ; he stand up fast , he paper float , forget , to he foot , make the only SOUND in the room . his spectacle fall from he nose as he get up but , by a clutch , he save they in mid-air ; the hand grasp they be poise awkwardly near he shoulder . from the moment he be on he foot , a solid two second of freeze tableau : the swede half crouching out of he chair , a huge fist , ( not shaking ) in johnnie 's face ; johnnie still seat , look steadily into the blaze orb of he accuser . the easterner , grip the arm of he chair , sit very still and be very pale . after this 2 - second paralysis , everybody move as suddenly and simultaneously as if set off by a starter 's gun . johnnie , rise to hurl himself on the swede , stumble slightly because of he curiously instinctive care for the card and table . the loss of this moment allow time for the arrival of scully ( a old man sprinting ) and also allow cowboy time to give the swede a shove which send he staggering back . they all find tongue together ( ad lib variant and fragment of line below ) and hoarse shout of rage , appeal or fear , burst from every throat . the cowboy push and jostle feverishly at swede ; easterner and scully cling wildly to johnnie ; but through the smoky air , above the sway body of the peace - compeller , the eye of the two warrior meet each other in glance of challenge which be at once hot and steely . at the same instant everybody move , the camera zoom to close up at average shoulder height , arrive just in time to catch they stand up and strain . close shot -- johnnie struggle against restraint into close up johnnie he say I cheat ! he say -- close shot -- swede swede ( shrilly ) I see he ! he do ! I see he ! I see -- close up -- scully clinging to johnnie scully stop now ! stop I say ! stop now -- close up -- cowboy holding back the swede cowboy quit now ! quit ! D 'ya hear -- close up -- easterner clinging to johnnie easterner ( to all ; unheeded ) wait a moment can not you ? oh , wait a moment ! close shot -- swede and cowboy voice be simultaneous . easterner ( o.s . ) what 's the good of a fight -- cowboy quit it ! quit now ! qui -- swede he do ! he do ! close three shot -- easterner , scully , johnnie voice be again simultaneous . easterner ... over a game of card ? wait a moment ! scully stop it now ! stop it I say ! St -- johnnie he say I cheat ! he -- in a lower tone , o.s. , the cowboy and swede repeat they line . CENTER camera on johnnie and advance slowly on he into close up shot as he continue johnnie ( continue ) ...he say I cheat ! I will not allow no man to say I cheat ! if he say I cheat he 's a ... his lip form whatever most extreme suggestion of obscene or profane insult can be permit by inference , cover and silence by the swede 's still louder bellow . swede ( o.s . ) he do cheat ! I see he ! close shot -- swede -- full face swede I see he ! he do ! he do ! camera , start with a shot past the swede 's head , center on johnnie medium close , make , fairly fast and accelerate , steadily tighter and faster and closer , the circle movement by which a tethere heifer wind herself up short around a post . the player meanwhile be all simultaneously repeat they line as heretofore with only very close ad lib variation : out of the din of they voice only key word ring out sharply . the weave of salient be roughly : stop n... wait a mom ... quit now ... he say ... he do !... what 's the good ... fight ... as the camera thus rope they in they all close tighter and tighter against one center as if it be literally a rope around they : they come as close as five people can get . the rounding camera , at shoulder height , swing through a extreme close up of the swede past johnnie 's head and then of johnnie past the swede 's head practically as if they be waltzing , and come to a stop , very close in , profiling johnnie 's glaring head at las and the swede 's in ras . now there be no word ; only the SOUND of excited breathe , then not even that : a sudden great cessation . it be as if each man have pause for breath . camera pull back into medium close -- the whole group as hand relax and there be a cautious unstiffen away from center ; even the swede and johnnie step back a little way . then johnnie step forward , fairly close in to the swede and the camera move in about a foot . johnnie ( less loudly ) what do you say I cheat for ? what do you say I cheat for ? I do not cheat and I will not let no man say I do . swede I see you ! I see you ! camera creep very slowly in : its motion be that of a very slowly wind snake . camera center on johnnie johnnie well , I will fight any man what say I cheat ! camera slowly dollying center cowboy cowboy no you will not . not here . scully ah be still can not you ? camera center scully as he step between johnnie and swede easterner' voice ( o.s. ; he walk back into shot ) oh , wait a moment can not you ? what 's the good of a fight over a game of card ? wait a moment . a short pause : the eye of all five be visible . already the momentum toward war be in they and be already all but irresistible . now a series of quick shot , closer in : scully -- he eye to cowboy ( his main meaning : how're the chance ? ) cowboy -- he eye to johnnie ( his look mean : Boy , will he back down on a man that accuse he of cheating ? ) johnnie -- he eye to swede ( his look mean : you lie son of a bitch , take that back or fight . ) swede -- looking straight back at johnnie ( his look mean : you know damn well you cheat ) . scully -- he eye to johnnie ( his look mean : how about it , son ? ) easterner -- he eye at johnnie ( his look mean : for God 's sake let 's not have a fight . ) medium close shot -- johnnie the other flanking : quick , steady glance at scully , cowboy , easterner . from each face we can see from johnnie 's face that he get fuller and fuller confirmation toward fight . johnnie step from behind scully and walk slowly forward . he look very quiet and brave . johnnie ( quietly ) do you say I cheat ? medium close quick shot -- eye of scully , easterner and cowboy to the swede intense silence . medium close shot -- johnnie very gallant and graceful , wait . swing camera slowly to lose johnnie and bring in swede who be stand still . a short silence . the swede look like a liar stick with he lie . even after he finally decide , he wait a moment : when he speak he monosyllable it be as if he finally jump off a high building . swede ( show he tooth ) yes . medium close shot -- the group johnnie in l.s. , the swede in ras . for a moment everyone be very still . johnnie ( very quietly ) then we must fight . swede ( instantly ; roaring ) yes , fight ! close up -- swede swede ( roaring like a demon ) yes fight ! I will show you what kind of man I be ! camera pull away slowly to include the three noncombatant . swede ( continue ) I will show you who you want to fight ! maybe you think I can not fight ! maybe you think I can not ! I will show you , you skin , you card - sharp ! yes , you cheat ! you cheat ! you cheat ! by the last sentence camera also include johnnie , who stand cool and quiet . a pause . johnnie ( coolly ) well , let 's get at it , then , mister . all five stand very still . then cowboy , catch scully 's eye , beckon he aside with he chin . the other stay still as they move apart toward the middle of the room . close shot -- pulling slowly back -- cowboy he walk slowly , stooping next to scully . cowboy ( just above a whisper ) what ya goin ' to do now ? camera swing to include scully , the cowboy watch he closely . camera lose cowboy by middle of scully 's line , center on scully . scully ( stalwartly ) we will let them fight . I can not put up with it any longer . I have stand this crazy swede till I be sick . we will let they fight . he turn out of shot , toward the coat . in he place , medium distance , we see the easterner , he eye on the cowboy , very closely . swing and pull camera so that the cowboy be again in close up r.s. , easterner medium , watch he closely . in the cowboy 's earnest face there be deep - country blood -lust . he turn from the camera toward the easterner and the group and walk through they toward the coatroom , not speak . as he walk and diminish , the other come into view . the easterner hold he eye until he be past . johnnie , hand hook in he belt , be look coolly , studyingly , at the swede . the swede , hand open and heavy at he side , shoulder round , a little farther apart from the group than they be from each other , be look calmly , darkly and a little solemnly , at johnnie ; in a sense he may suggest a chain bear which be about to be bait . it be the easterner who have especially catch the cowboy 's eye and expression . his reaction be that strange , waver , uncontrollable smile with which some people , to they astonishment and shame , react to news of catastrophe . just before the cowboy get out of they range the other two glance toward he . johnnie , with a little smile , look back into the swede 's eye . the swede , look sweaty , ungainly and bashful , look at the floor . the cowboy walk on between they and toward the coat-corridor : johnnie be the first to follow he ; then the swede , with a curious lethargic doggedness , look almost sleepy ; then the easterner , as shakily as if it be he who be go to fight . in the b.g. scully be already hunching into he coat . moving shot camera pull backward through the coat-corridor ( light by lamp ) past scully , who be now buttone up he coat . the only sound be breathe , carefully control , and the sound of clothes and foot . johnnie come up to scully and past he , for he coat ; a silent exchange of glance , the son calm , the father calm and proud : johnnie slip into he coat easily and gracefully . only he and scully be completely calm . the cowboy , with excited hot eye be put on he fur cap with shaky hand . johnnie meet the swede 's eye very coolly , almost humorously , as the swede muscle through for he coat . in this highly charge atmosphere all of the man try they best not to touch each other , but the swede , in ungainliness , do touch johnnie as he pass . a cold little smile from johnnie ; swede tighten he mouth . as we pull back , and the easterner work he way in , the cowboy catch he eye ; the easterner 's glance quickly drop . the swede look at nobody and nobody look at the swede except when they be sure he will not see . the easterner and the swede get to they coat at about the same time . the easterner be very nervous ; he have trouble find the sleeve of he coat but he finally make it . the swede wrap a thick knitted muffler high around he throat . he be very thick - finger buttone he leather coat and , in spite of he effort to subdue it , we hear he begin to breathe heavily . the easterner watch he clumsiness ; he clearly have a sudden impulse to help and he clearly know that he must not . the swede put on he foolishly small cap and try to pull the too-small flap down over he ear ; the cap would obviously not stay on in a fight ; he take it off , look at it for a moment , and hang it back on a hook . that who be already in they coat start drift away from the camera into the main room and out of shot ; the swede and the easterner be alone at this last moment . almost timidly , the easterner look up into the swede 's eye , obviously think hard about something ; perhaps even about to speak . the swede walk past without even seem to see he . the easterner , with the helpless and fatal look of a piece of foam snap over the lip of a waterfall , follow he . long shot -- MAIN room -- front door in deep R.S. the shot be make from the corner opposite the door , inward end of the room , past the stove , include the side table and lamp . scully ( at the door , call the straggler who be already halfway up the room ) well , come on . with they very differ gait , they all hurry up a little . scully open the door . STORM noise . a terrific blast of wind make the lamp struggle at its wick , a puff of black smoke spring from the chimneytop as the man hurry out ; the stove get the cold wind next : its voice swell to equal the roar of the storm and there be the frightening crackle and hammer of hot metal too abruptly chill ; swing camera down as some of the scar and bedabble card be catch up from the floor and dash helplessly against the end wall , ( some , include a face card or two , hang flat against the wall a few inch from the floor ) with SOUND of close door , this card start to fall ; before they reach the floor , quick CUT to : outdoor violence as , with lower head , the man plunge into the tempest as into a sea . medium shot -- past front door -- ext . HOTEL ( nite ) the camera be medium close to the door , waist-high , shoot past the door toward the station , as they stumble out . full SOUND of a very strong wind , but more compelling than any other noise , a pure electric or electronic SOUND , without timbre , either so high it be just at the limit of audibility or so high that it be just beyond that limit and work purely on the nervous system ( experiment will determine which be better use in this context ) . there be no fall of snow ; the wind be so strong it make they stagger and stumble ; they all bow deep and turn they back to the wind as promptly as if they see God ; the wind blow great whirl and cloud of flake , stream southward with the speed of bullet . though we have know from inside that a strong wind be blow , this exceed all expectation : a solid shriek roar like flame , plus the supersonic scream , which be on a high dead level . boom shot a little above head -height , lead they floundering along the hotel faade toward the station , ( leeward side of the hotel ) . as they flounder into a thigh - deep drift we hear the shapeless illegible bawling of the swede , swede ( rough approximation ) I have not get a chance against you bastard . camera dip a little toward they into a fairly close shot as scully wait , put a hand on he shoulder , and project a ear . scully ( shouting : it be just possible to hear he ) what 's that you say ? swede ( bawling ) I say , I will not stand much show against this gang . I know you will all pitch on I . scully ( hit he reproachfully on the arm ; yell ) tut , man ! violent wind . swede ( booming ) you be all a gang of ... wind obliterate the word . they start again , camera pull ahead of they all , face they ; bring in the corner of the hotel and swing swiftly into the lee of the building as the cowboy and johnnie turn in . immediate and strike diminution of noise : but supersonic noise be not diminish . camera with they , face the wall , they walk a few pace in and stand wait , fairly close to the wall , johnnie look toward the corner , the cowboy toward the camera . there be a little light from one first - floor window ( coat corridor ) ; its shade be draw . medium shot -- down past johnnie and cowboy a irregular v-shape of heavily encrust grass amid this great devastation of snow . a long faint rectangle of light from the window . SOUND of crackle of foot on grass o.s. ; both head turn sharply . medium shot -- easterner , scully and the swede they come around the corner . camera at cowboy 's distance from the corner but a few foot farther out from the wall . swede ( still bellow as they come up ) oh I know what kind of a thing this be ! I know you will all pitch on I ! I can not lick you all ! scully ( turn on he ' panther fashion ' . ) you will not have to whip all of we . you will have to whip my son johnnie . a ' the man what trouble you durin ' that time will have I to dale with ! swing camera to center on cowboy , easterner and johnnie . the latter be quiet , noncommittal ; a spasm of contempt on the cowboy 's face ; the easterner 's tooth be chatter , he be stomping he foot and be as jittery with cold as a jump jack . medium close shot -- swede his big head pivote as he look from one to another sullenly , still suspicious . scully take he by the upper arm and lead he cumbrously , camera swinging and pulling back a few foot , away from the wall and into shot with johnnie , who step forward into shot ; scully grab johnnie 's upper arm too . the cowboy come in close behind scully ; the easterner close behind the swede , ( in l.s. ) the easterner alone among the man , be still try to keep himself warm . scully ( in a voice of iron authority ) all right now . fight as ye be : ye will not strip in this weather . bare fist to a finish , no hold , no knee , no kick , no gouging . fight to be end when ayther man call quit or at I own discretion . that satisfactory ? johnnie and the swede glance at scully briefly and at each other briefly . the swede nod . johnnie suit I . they keep on look at each other , the swede very pale and still ; johnnie serene yet ferocious . both be take care not to blink but the swede blink once ; on johnnie 's face , note it , a calm flicker of contempt . scully plant a hand on each chest and set they away from he and apart just out of each other 's reach . scully ( as he set they apart ) now await I signal and abide by I instruction . they raise they fist , johnnie with something of the suppleness of a good modern boxer of he time ; the swede bearish and archaic , slightly suggest early 19th century box print , pump he fist just perceptibly . he stand solid as rock , very heavy and dead on he foot but look hard to knock off they . the cowboy , hand on sprung thigh like a shortstop , face tight , eye brilliant ; the easterner hugging he arm , look sick , glance intently from fighter to fighter . it be while camera center on he or during he close up that the storm seem to get its long mellow cry . closer shot -- swede the cowboy and the easterner be not in the shot unless in the b.g. pretty close on the swede , camera at about shoulder - height : he be pale , motionless , terrible ; swing to scully , the iron-nerved master - of - ceremony ; then to johnnie , serene yet ferocious , brutish yet heroic ; pull away and CENTER on scully with the swede in respect s. and johnnie in las . scully ( after a sharp glance to each of they ) now ! ( no manual gesture ) a note on the fight : this be to be a sensational fight but not in any traditional melodramatic sense of that . it be extremely violent but spasmodic , full of unskillfulness , and very clumsy -- the clumsiness enhance by heavy clothing and by occasional veering onto patch of glare-ice . though the violence be of itself shocking , the chief shock or sensational element be get the shock of two essential amateur , non - fighter , in something close to mortal combat : almost as disconcert as if one see a couple of clergyman try to beat each other ' brain out . this can be arrive at through the ice , heavy clothes , ungainliness and lack of skill . it be also clear that you can kill a man whether you know how or not . both soon learn that in such heavy clothing practically all that 's worth try to hit be the head ; though johnnie , assume that the swede be soft in the middle , try pump they into he belly with hard loud smack of fist against leather . the fight be not shot in detail or from either fighter 's angle , but as the spectator see it -- not very clearly . sound of blow and breathing be way up . insofar as possible , the best fight would come of ad libbing it , barring a few juncture necessary to the story . the two man crash together like bullock and there be a perplexity of fly arm . we so exaggerate the SOUND of the crash that the audience feel it like a kick in the belly ; and instead of any sparring or fool around they instantly start sock with all they speed and strength . both be evidently try for instant and pulverize victory ; also it be very thoroughly a hatred - fight . they work with this intensity as long as they first wind and strength hold . they veer side to side and back and forth enough in this first phase that the camera have to waver back and fill a little , but nothing special -- except that it should not frame they too carefully or neatly . the spectator , move slightly when they need to , get into and out of shot ad lib . as they first crash and sock , a squeeze curse , -- it be indistinguishable from which fighter . ( for ' curse , ' try say the first 2 / 3rd of " God " and " Christ " simultaneously , from between tight tooth ) . close shot -- the easterner his pent - up breath explode with a pop of relief from the tension of the preliminary . cowboy ( o.s. , a sort of Texas yowl ) close shot -- the cowboy in mid-yowl and in mid-air ; he land on he foot again and , hand on knee , look intently . close shot -- scully immovable as from supreme amazement and fear at the fury of the fight which he himself have permit and arrange . sound of fight be strong o.s. over all this shot . close shot -- swede and johnnie and as suggest above ; till they draw away to get they wind ; and they now come at it more cautiously . after some sparring and some wild miss , the swede become impatient and try to be a bulldozer ; by he sudden drive toward the camera , the fighter all but knock it over , and the camera have to " step " quickly aside , mindful for a moment only of its foot , as the fighter pass in a blur . medium shot -- reverse angle the fighter be past the camera which now , reverse on former position , shoot away from the hotel wall ; the three spectator come slowly into the shot , flanking and back - to . the drive continue though johnnie be now give near as good as he get ; but retreate a little and wheeling . wheeling , they almost simultaneously hit glare-ice . johnnie , surer -foote , keep he foot , the swede fall heavily backward , to some extent save himself with one hand . scully come up to they fast , the camera nearly as fast ; he needlessly stay johnnie with one hand for johnnie be stand a little too close over the swede . johnnie ( with what breath he have , but not jump he ) get up . get up and fight . get up . scully have lift he other hand as if for a count but the swede grunt : swede I be not out . johnnie do not lay there all night then you yellow ... scully shut up johnnie it be no true fall . the man 's get a right to ... but already the swede lumber to he foot , duke ready . scully ( stay the swede ) git back off the ice both o' yez . he lead they in toward the hotel , the camera pulling back with they , and step back to the edge of shot , skid a little himself . a second 's hesitation , the swede seem a little slow and stunne , then johnnie drive in on he with terrible intensity , the swede cover up clumsily , johnnie work mainly on the head . close quick shot -- the cowboy look much more excited than before . johnnie be deliver hard , fast blow against the swede 's hand which be try to guard he head , and be then hammer clublike wrist on the bow nape of the swede 's neck . cowboy ( yell and spring forward into the shot ) go it johnnie ! go it ! kill he ! kill he ! scully come into shot quickly . close shot -- scully and cowboy scully ( barring he ) kape back . by he glance the cowboy can see that this man be johnnie 's father . scully 's manner in this must be something to respect . medium shot -- the fighter johnnie be still hammer but have grow wholly careless of he guard . suddenly the swede uncork a sonofabitch to the belly which double johnnie , and miss a lulu to the head as johnnie duck and back off , get he guard up ; then the swede land a wild one to the head which johnnie sufficiently cover and glance off that they be now again somewhere near even . the swede rush it , take as much as he give , which be plenty . close quick shot -- the easterner -- watching medium shot -- past the easterner a monotony of unchangeable fight which be a abomination . both horribly skid but stay on they foot . as soon he have he balance , the swede close and pour it on ; johnnie regains equality ; they lurch so near the easterner that he have to scramble hastily backward and we hear they breathe like man on the rack . close shot -- the easterner his sicken face , wishing it would end , no matter how . cowboy's voice ( o.s. , bellow ) kill he johnnie ! kill he ! kill he ! close shot -- the cowboy by the middle of the forego line . his face be contort like one of that agony mask in museum . close up -- scully scully ( icily , to cowboy ) keep still . the cowboy lean into the shot , puzzle and offended , look at scully and scully at he . SOUND o.s. , of a sudden loud grunt , incomplete , cut short ; they eye toward the fight . medium shot -- from angle of scully and cowboy johnnie 's body swing away from the swede and fall with sicken heaviness . the swede , with a kind of wild animal snarl , ( roughly , arghrgh ) be obviously about to swing himself headlong on johnnie . upward shot -- across johnnie SOUND o.s. , of run as the swede hover . the cowboy run into medium closeup and interpose a arm . cowboy ( to the swede ) no you do not ! wait a second ! scully hurry into the shot , nearer we , stand but lean over he son like a mother to a crib . scully ( tenderly ) johnnie ! johnnie , I boy ! johnnie ! can you go on with it ? ( he be look anxiously down ) bring camera down into a close shot , almost upside down from we angle , of johnnie 's bloody , pulpy face . scully squat and he head return into the shot , close above johnnie 's . a moment of silence . johnnie ( in he ordinary voice ) yes , I ... it ... yes . scully 's arm under he nape and then he shoulder , tenderly , nearest to we ; clumsy , humiliate and piteous get - up and help - up , mostly back - to the camera . camera lifting to level of the stand man , bring in the cowboy and the swede in b.g. , cowboy ( still rumbling ) you wait a second . the easterner step into the shot at r.s. , a hesitant hand toward scully 's sleeve . as johnnie get fully to he foot , the camera pull around he leave shoulder ; scully still have a arm across he back ; the easterner come closer into the shot on the far side of scully . but the moment he get he foot , johnnie move to throw off he father 's arm and veer toward the swede , fist readying , but obviously weak . scully wait a bit now till you get you wind . cowboy's voice ( o.s . ) you wait a second . easterner ( a hesitant hand at scully 's sleeve , a low sick voice , plead ) oh , this be enough ! this be enough ! let it go as it stand . this be enough ! during this speech , the camera have pulled around so that scully be in full face close up , the easterner a pinch profile at the side . scully act exactly as if he have not hear except that he face get hard as iron . we hear the SOUND of johnnie 's wavy breathe but he face be not in the shot . scully ( coldly ) Bill . medium close shot -- cowboy -- from scully' angle -- swede behind he the cowboy say nothing ; a enquire look . medium close shot -- scully at CENTER , easterner and johnnie scully ( still more iron in he voice ) git out o' the road . SOUND o.s. the cowboy 's backward step . medium shot -- full face , full length -- the swede cowboy one more step back and at side . the swede , fist come up , start slowly , stonily forward . medium shot -- full face , full length -- johnnie scully step out of shot toward the camera . johnnie be more cautious and much less arrogant than before : still half stupid from weakness . after johnnie 's advance be start , the camera pull out , face the wall and opposite the referee 's position ( the three spectator pull close into a bunch ) , holding johnnie in the shot in r.s. , the swede come in from the leave . the swede aim a lightning blow that carry with it he entire weight . johnnie , despite he daze , miraculously dodge . his ( swede 's ) fist send the overbalance swede sprawling ( far side of johnnie , almost foul up he foot ) a brutally heavy fall to shoulder and a hog-like grunt ; a burst of cheer from the three onlooker . the swede cut it short by scuffling agilely to he foot and come in berserk abandon at he foe . another blind perplexity of fly arm and again , not from any particular blow we can distinguish , johnnie swing away and fall , even as a bundle might fall from a roof . the swede stagger out of l.s. as the three other , and the camera , hurry to johnnie . the camera fetch up opposite scully as he stoops , shoot from a little above he , down on he face and on johnnie . johnnie be lie on he face , the bloody back of he unfist hand , be near he head , rather like a sleep baby 's , on the snow . lower camera closer on to he , to height of scully 's stoop head ; tilt to close up of scully 's heartbroken face . medium close -- at head - height -- cowboy and easterner they be stand but lean . the cowboy be look down , past scully , at johnnie ; so be the easterner at first ; then he look out l.s. toward the swede . medium shot -- the swede -- from easterner' angle he be lean heavily against a little wind - wave tree , breathe like a engine , while he savage and flame - light eye roam from face to face ... a mysterious and lonely figure , wait ... a splendor of isolation in he situation . close shot -- easterner his sad but awed reaction , still look toward the swede ; he eye turn to johnnie . close three shot -- johnnie , scully and cowboy almost vertical over johnnie as scully and the cowboy ( who have come opposite scully ) gently turn he onto he back , they arm sustain he head and chair he shoulder a little off the ground . the face of scully and the cowboy be hardly visible at this angle , and be drastically foreshortened , so that the upper face of each look like some kind of grotesque mourn mask . johnnie 's face , cradle up toward nearly vertical camera , be also somewhat foreshortened but much less so . it be ghastily beat , bloody , cut and swollen , eye shut , neck limp ; head far backward and point of chin high at start of shot , then up through normal view into aforementioned foreshortening ; then again to normal view . blood have matte he dark hair to he forehead and over one eye . Ice and snow be on he face like a break mask . scully be you any good yet , johnnie ? nothing from johnnie . with he free right hand , tenderly as a woman , scully smooth back the clotted hair from the smear , smooth , very young - look forehead , and wipe away the ice and snow . johnnie gasp and open he eye languidly . johnnie ( after a moment ) no ... I be not ... any good ... any ... more . ( he begin to cry ) he be too ... too ... too heavy for I . as scully get to he foot , pull camera up and back to center on he in medium close up from the swede 's angle . cowboy and johnnie low in r.s. , the easterner still closer in l.s. , watch scully . scully straighten up . scully ( evenly ) Stranger , it 's all up with we side . the easterner 's eye to the swede , quickly back to scully . close up -- same angle -- scully scully ( quietly tragic ) johnnie be whipped . medium shot -- swede without replying , he leave he tree , walk toward and past they , camera keep he center , the easterner 's eye follow he , scully not move or look at anything : camera swing with the swede ( who pass between it and the hotel wall ) and hold on he as he pass out of the lee of the house to where the wind hit he like a mack truck and tear at he clothes ; he disappear bow - over deeply , back - to the storm . close shot -- easterner his eye return from the swede , absently and indifferently , toward johnnie . he be chiefly aware that he be freezing . bring up SOUND of storm strongly . close shot -- cowboy his crumpled , lean face , from johnnie 's angle . cowboy ( whisper ) tsah-right johnnie . tsah - right kid . we will fix he . we will sure fix he . close shot -- scully his eye be still on the swede 's face but be out of focus . he have not move since he surrender . his face have change only in look still older , more stern , more sad , more tragic . he lower he eye and stoops toward johnnie . close three shot -- centered on johnnie the cowboy have he half -sitting ; cowboy 's profile r.s. , scully 's come into shot at leave ; johnnie 's eye be avoid everything . scully put out a hand toward a instinctive caress and quickly withdraw it . scully johnnie , can you walk ? johnnie do I hurt ... hurt he any ? scully can you walk , boy ! can you walk ! johnnie ( with robust impatience ) I ask you if I hurt he any ! cowboy yes , yes , johnnie , he 's hurt a good deal . scully ( to cowboy ) let 's get he up , Bill . camera pull slowly back and up with they : they get well under he and lift ; he wince and gasp in spite of himself . scully aisy do it . that 's the ticket . cowboy how 's 'at now ? johnnie savagely shake off they hand , totter toward the camera , quickly get he bearing and turn , walk between they and lead they , back - to the camera , toward the corner of the hotel . scully and the cowboy fall in , timidly guardian - like , just behind each shoulder ; the easterner , who have not move since the swede leave , fall in behind they . boom shot -- the group from just above and ahead of they as they flounder along past the faade of the hotel toward the door . Storm sound up . the swede 's staggering , shapeless track be still conspicuous in the difficult snow ; johnnie , in the lead , avoid make use of they . after a few pace he flounder badly in the drift near the door : the cowboy and scully , flanking he , be alert but still shy to touch he . they be all practically blind by the blow snow . after another couple of step johnnie be about to fall : the cowboy come swiftly to he , obviously shouting something the scream wind tear away from we ; johnnie fight he off furiously and lunge ahead , camera stooping swiftly as he fall : the cowboy swiftly to he ; scully 's heartsick face be disclose as the cowboy stoops , and easterner 's freeze face behind he as scully lean ; the camera on down to the cowboy and johnnie as the cowboy pick he up as if he be a child and stagger with he up the drift step , johnnie protest violently , scully hurry ahead to get the door open . full shot -- MAIN room -- int from same position of last interior shot , from deep indoor corner . for perhaps a half - second , SOUND of ferocious crackle of the stove and the wrestle trouble inside the lamp in l.s. , then the door close ; we hear the SOUND of fall card ; the lamp rights itself and burn steadily . the cowboy , painfully embarrassed , be just set johnnie on he foot ; the easterner have just get inside ; scully be shutting the door . the cowboy be slow , embarrassed , careful not to walk ahead of johnnie ; johnnie , rubber - legge and intensely humiliate , wobble toward the stove ; scully be at he shoulder , take great care not to touch he or say anything ; the easterner , the last in , walk as fast as he can past they and up to the stove -- camera adjusting to center on he -- almost as if he would embrace the stove : he be desperately cold and he face look like ice . we look past the stove at he face and past that as the camera dolly into position where all the chair will be visible , medium close . as the other come up , the easterner quit hogging the stove , move aside to l.s. chair nearest the wall ; johnnie sink into a chair and , fold he arm on he knee , bury he face in they . medium close shot -- scully stand , scully warm one foot and then the other at the rim of the stove ; he shake he head quietly , look down at the hot shoe , make tst-tst - tst with he tongue . swing camera to the cowboy , also stand ; remove he cap with a daze , rueful air , run one hand through he tousle lock . SOUND o.s. , of the floor creak and a heavy step ; he glance toward the ceiling sadly and grimly . medium close shot -- scully SOUND of another creak or step . he do not look up ; he head bow a little . medium close shot -- group on the stove , and beyond it , the dining room door . camera at stand height shoot downward across johnnie 's bow head ( he be back - to we ) ; the easterner 's subtle , melancholy profile ; the slack hand and body , not the head , of the two stand man . o.s. the SOUND of another creak or footstep ; minimal reaction from the man ; then a sudden burst SOUND , the noise of a door flung open , ( we can see a little of this and of that who enter , past the stove in b.g. ) : the easterner listlessly raise he eye as the camera lift swiftly past the bovine head of the cowboy and the resign , catch - with - pants - down head of scully , to catch the wife and daughter swarm in , oh-oh and ad libbing brogue lamentation . Mrs. scully shoulder swiftly past the man toward johnnie ; camera close onto she in close up , at she speed , above johnnie . she be a wiry , fierce , wear - out woman of 55 . mrs . scully ( crossing to he ) do he hurt ye child do he hurt ye so bad ? ( she squat in front of he ) lookit I johnnie let I see yez . ( under this johnnie , from he first hearing of they , have be shrink into himself and now mutter across she line ) johnnie ( mutter ) cut it out ma ... ( a couple of half - whisper word , cover by loud talk from she ... ) ... sake cut it out ! but she be tug at he wrist and put a hand under he forehead to lift he face while he still groan , head muffle in hand , johnnie please ! please ! quit it ! Le ' I be ! but he know there 's no use and she get he face up ( away from we ) and give a close quick look and then a low keen wail as tear spring out of she and she turn loose of he stubborn humiliate head to bring she hand incompletely toward the primordial gesture of tear she hair at the temple . mrs . scully ( hand distrait in the uncompleted gesture : a wail sob ) ohh , I boy ! I little boy ! and he sitchy charmer ! lookit ' im Katy ! jist lookit that ! ohh be not it dreadful , do you ever see sitch a starin ' horror ! with " and he sitchy charmer , " camera pull back and up a little ; through the rest of she line and , the camera , from the same position , do quick flick shot like glance of the eye , center reaction of one or another of the man in turn and of the daughter -- shot a , B , C , et seq . the daughter meanwhile be horn in ad lib with " ohh , " and " aww " and " johnnie dear , " " be not it just awful , " " it 's a sinful shame , " etc. , and by a violence of gesture and voice , Mrs. scully drag camera ( by quick cut and a shade belate ) back to medium close up of herself past johnnie 's bow head . medium close shot -- mrs . scully as she fling herself on she knee before johnnie , catch he face between she hand , already talk loudly . mrs . scully ( in a mixture to she son and the room at large ) crazy ye be , jist outa yer mind , a ' he a man twice he age a ' size , the great bullyin ' murderer ... johnnie ( across she line , in rage , humiliation and disgust ) get away , cut it out , quit it I tell ya , I be not hurt bad , I be all right ... scully ( lean weakly into shot , aghast with disgust and sympathy for johnnie ; in a weak voice ) Molly ! ( she neither hear nor see he ) Molly ! please ! Molly ! hush now ! Molly ! not here . Molly ! Mrs. scully do a slow take on he when she finally hear he , cut off she former line and whip she head at he . mrs . scully ( with cold fury ) shut up a ' keep outa this , you ! have not ya do enough , standin ' by while a man half kill my baby boy ? ( she eye rake all of they ) crazy man ! bloodthirsty brute ! ( she daughter echoe she less noisily , ad lib ) Mrs. scully start bustling up from she knee , camera rising with she . mrs. scully ( rise ) poor darlin ' ! crazy boy , brawlin ' young fool , now jist come with mother , gently darlin ' , come darlin' , kin ye walk , son ? come on , let 's bathe the poor blood off a ' fix ' im up comfy . johnnie meanwhile be still protest ad lib and be try at least to walk alone , as he have with the man , but not a chance ; they wholly disregard he gesture of pride , he effort to shake they off . with ad lib of " silly boy , " and such , they cling to he like limpet , help he out past the stove and thence toward the dining room door . camera meanwhile , slowly track crabwise , parallel with the wall opposite the coatroom , so that until they get past the stove they be in a kind of recessional from the camera . they reach the far side of the stove from the camera mrs . scully ( straighten ; reproachfully ) shame be upon you , Patrick scully ! yer own son , too ! shame be upon you ! daughter ( ad lib ) shame , shame . scully have huddle meekly out of they path but now come close to the stove as if he need the warmth . scully ( gently , almost inaudibly , meeting no eye ) there , now ! be quiet now ! mrs . scully shame , I say . shame . they turn toward the door on the far side of the stove ; the camera continue its crabwise glide and stop when stove center and blank out screen , but swing to hold they as they half - carry johnnie back through the dining room door , side and back - to the camera ; the door close . medium close shot -- the three men over the SOUND of the close door cut to a new angle , from the same position , medium close of the survivor . the easterner , l.s. , be in near profile ; a crescent of empty chair ; the cowboy be stand behind between two chair ; scully be all but hide by the stove . scully walk slowly into the shot , sit down slowly and sadly in the chair next johnnie 's ( next the easterner , it stay empty ) ; hang he hand between he knee . his head be bow ; he wag it slowly , sigh very deeply ; head still . the cowboy , deeply sad and embarrassed , walk slowly around a farther chair and sit , face the camera , stare at the stove . the easterner just look at the floor . scully ( after a long pause ) tst-tst-tst . the cowboy exhales a deep damp breath through o-ed lip . the easterner 's hand be on he knee , flat and limp except for the forefinger , which he slowly raise and bring down , repeatedly . the cowboy get he sack and papers part way out , put they back . scully tst-tst-tst . SOUND o.s. of the creak board in the swede 's room . from scully , a short sharp intake of breath , no raise of the eye . the cowboy 's eye do not raise but they harden . he glance with shy calculation at scully and at the easterner and again at scully . cowboy ( carefully ) I would like to fight this here swede myself . the easterner 's hand go still , forefinger up in the air ; no change in he eye . scully ( tempt for a moment , then , wag he head sadly ) no , that would not do . it would not be right . it would not be right . cowboy ( know why but make he say it ) well why would not it I do not see no harm in it . ( he look to easterner whose eye do not change ) the easterner 's finger be lift a little higher ; motionless again . scully ( with mournful heroism ) no , it would not be right . it be johnnie 's fight , and now we mus not whip the man just because he whipped johnnie . the easterner 's finger relax and stay flat . cowboy yes , that 's true enough , but ( hopefully ) he better not get fresh with I , because I could not stand no more of it . scully ( commandingly ) ye will not say a word to he . under scully 's line , the SOUND of the swede 's heavy tread on the stair . hear it , scully make he last couple of word all but inaudible . none of they look up or register hearing , but all go very still . the swede enter " theatrically , " he cap on , sweep the stairway door shut with a bang , and swagger to the middle of the room . he be dress to go and carry he valise in he hand . he have wash he face but even from here we can see that it be bleed again in two or three place . nobody look at he , or even look up . all sit side or back to he , face the camera . swede ( loud and insolent , to scully ) well , I spose you will tell I now how much I owe you ? scully ( no move or look ; stolidly ) you do not owe I nothin' . cowboy ( turn slowly to look at swede ) Stranger , I do not see how you come to be so gay around here . scully ( shouting across the last word , a hand forth almost in cowboy 's face , palm out , finger straight up ) stop ! Bill , you shut up ! cowboy ( spitting carelessly into the cuspidor ) I do not say a word , do I ? the swede have be watch this , he body tightening like a fist , but quite unfrighten ; as he see there will be no fight , a sour spasm of smile . swede ( interrupt cowboy ) Mr. scully , how much do I owe you ? scully ( imperturbably ; as before ) you do not owe I nothin' . swede huh ! I guess you be right . I guess if it be any way at all , you would owe I somethin' . that 's what I guess . ( he pivot fast and rigidly and take two pace toward the cowboy ; then , lean forward , stiff - legge from he heel , and mimick even the cowboy 's agony - mask , scream ) kill 'im ! kill 'im ! kill 'im ! ( he guffaw victoriously ) kill 'im ! he be convulse with ironical laughter . he watch they with great interest and delight all the time he laugh . he bite it off sudden and cold . there be a arrogant and expectant silence . but the three man be immovable and silent . as throughout this act of the swede 's , they stare with glassy eye at the stove . they hold it while he wait for trouble , and while he walk leisurely to the front door and , with one last derisive glance at the still group , pass into the storm . after the door close ( omit all former STORM effect except a moment 's howl of wind while the door be open ) hold a few second of absolute stillness . then the cowboy and scully jump up and begin to tramp around . the easterner stay very still in he chair , hardly , if at all , even look at they ; but listen . cowboy ( whipping from he chair ; fist hard into palm ) unh ! byg ! golly ! medium close shot -- reverse angle -- cowboy he circle behind he chair ; he be finish the above line ; the first word of scully line , o.s. , come over this shot ; cowboy 's eye to he . medium close shot -- scully -- past cowboy his fist be shaking with great intensity near he temple ; he be work he way out between the chair and toward the cowboy . scully oh , but that be a hard minute ! that be a hard minute ! him there leerin ' a ' scoffin ' ! ( he be pretty close now , wheel camera for two shot , still favor scully ) one bang at he nose be worth forty dollar to I that minute ! how do you stand it , Bill ! the cowboy and scully be equal in the shot now . cowboy ( a quivering voice ) how do I stand it ? how do I stand it ? oh ! ( a violent fist through the air ) camera pull back a little , follow scully . scully begin paddle back and forth in front of the cowboy ( who stand sort of tread water , make hard little shadow - box jab ) ; scully 's hand be close together ; he shoulder be hunch , he be rapidly hammer fist into palm and wail in deep brogue : scully oi would loike to take that swede and hould he down on a shtone flure and bate ' im to a jelly wid a shtick ! cowboy ( up to he and almost groan in sympathy ) I would like to git ' im by the neck and h-ha-aaammer ' im ... ( speechless , a hand down on a chairback with a SOUND like a pistol shot ) ... hammer that there dutchman till he could not tell himself from a dead coyote ! toward the end of the cowboy 's line , camera favor scully 's reaction . close shot -- scully eye to the cowboy lean into upper l.s. , scully be almost cry with the lust of this kind of self - abuse . scully I would bate ' im until he ... close shot -- cowboy past scully 's round little head . cowboy ( try to speak ; unable ) close shot -- scully -- from cowboy's angle he look grateful , even loving -- and as if he could hardly wait , and as if he want to prompt he like a stutterer . close shot -- cowboy cowboy ( he look loving too ) I would show he some thing ... close shot -- scully satisfied , nodd very rapidly but curtly ; almost the masculine equivalent of a old - may gossip 's ' yes - yes -ye . ' close two shot -- cowboy and scully face contort , a kind of gloat ; as if embrace in operatic duet , they look almost straight into the lens . cowboy and scully ( almost in unison : a yearn , fanatic cry ) oh-o-oh ! if we only could ... they look at each other with breathless and terrible yearn and again speak almost in unison . cowboy yes ! scully yiss ! the camera swing to lose they , bring in they inane shadow on the wall opposite the lamp , chase each other in circle . cowboy's voice ( o.s . ) a ' then I would ... ( a sock ) scully' voice ( o.s . ) yis , a ' I would ... ( more sock ) cowboy's voice ( o.s. ) yeah , a I would ... ( a terrific blow on the air ; four hard fast jab , a gigantic uppercut , hard breathe ) scully' voice ( o.s. ; a fierce grunt of hatred and effort ; he kick something which be prostrate ) cowboy's voice ( o.s. ) a-aaahhh ! ( he jump up and down on it ) scully' voice ( o.s . ) oh-o-oh ! cowboy's voice ( o.s . ) oh-o-oh ! over scully 's grunt and kick CUT to : medium close shot -- the easterner he be stare at the stove , hand slack on he knee ; he be listen keenly . as contempt and self - contempt increase in he face beyond silence , creep camera into close up . easterner ( quiet but pierce ) oh , stop it ! medium shot -- scully and cowboy -- neutral angle they be as arrest by he word as in a stopshot . they look toward he , more surprised than offended . cowboy how 's that , pardner ? scully ( at same time ) eh ? medium shot -- easterner -- same position , new angle easterner ( quietly contemptuous ) I say , stop it . ( he get up and walk toward camera and out of shot toward the front of the room . over he next line , camera swing across cowboy and scully , watch he , astonished ; lose they and again pick up easterner as he near the stairway door . ) surely there 's some limit to childishness and cowardice and shame ! cowboy's voice ( o.s . ) what 's eatin ' you , mister ? the easterner pause abruptly at the door . easterner that 's all . I be go to find that swede and try to make up for what we have do to he . he go through the door and start upstairs . medium shot -- scully and cowboy -- from angle of door slowly , dumbfounded , they turn and look at each other . o.s. SOUND the easterner 's footstep and , just audible , a train whistle . long shot -- ext . ( nite ) shoot down the narrow boardwalk from the corner of town ( edge of a building in r.s. toward the hotel and station . minimal lighting . same SOUND of shriek wind and blow snow as before ; same SOUND of storm and high , timbreless scream at the edge of audibility . the line of the boardwalk be mark by a little line of naked , gasp tree . in the deep distance , when blow snow allow , we see the small , single , sting light of the station . the swede be about halfway between the hotel and the edge of town , come toward we floundering , struggle into the eye of the wind , with terrifying spirit and energy -- carry he big valise and now and then clutching he cap almost like Harry langdon . within a few second ( see note below for method ) he come a full hundred yard . camera shoot he at shoulder height , a little upward toward he face . as he get nearer a ordinary close up the camera pull back . for a moment he just wag he head a little , fast , almost paretically , look all around ; grow in he face be a hunger for enormity , violence , brag , love , glory , something , anything so long as it be huge enough to meet he half - way . suddenly he open he mouth and yell at the top of he lung -- then stand , like a idling locomotive , breathe quiet and fast through clench tooth . then he hand begin to move ; fist hit the air . become aware of the suitcase , heavy in he right hand , he mingle grin and weep and moan and hit it as hard as he can with he leave fist , and drop it and kick it twice , three time , as hard as he can . it be not enough for he desperation and joy ; again he scan the darkness ; and suddenly , with he right fist , he hit himself as hard as he able on the joint of the jaw . he reel a little with the blow and whisper something , and stoops and pick up he valise ( camera adjust to this violence ) . as he straighten and start down the street into the middle of the town , he be smile with a strange peacefulness and hope and sweetness -- a tired pilgrim on the homestretch to paradise . the camera pan as he pass closer , and center on he as he plod down the middle of the snow - founder , lightless street . ( a note on this shot ) : it be to be heighten above realism , during the swede 's advance up the boardwalk . when he be still in the deep distance , we use only every third frame ; then every second ; then cut every third frame ; then every fourth ; meanwhile slurring the camera speed a little , fewer frame per second , so that he speed of approach be at all time superhuman and grotesque , but become smoother as he approach . by the time he feature become distinct no frame be skip but the motion , though regular , be fast and dry rather than silky ; it be at this time and pace that the train be run through . as he come into full close up , shade back to normal speed , omit no frame . the SOUND run smooth , not clipped ; it be not record on the spot . medium shot -- MAIN room -- int the staircase door ; o.s. the SOUND of the fast train quickly die . the easterner come through the door with he travel bag , ready to go . his eye meet scully 's o.s. , and he pause . he be quiet and grave . medium shot -- cowboy and scully -- from easterner' viewpoint they stand wait for he in the middle of the room and look at he with a kind of mystify grimness . scully ( quiet and reasonable ) now Mr. blanc , what 's all this about ? medium shot -- the easterner he walk toward they , extend he hand medium close three shot -- scully , cowboy , easterner as the easterner walk into the shot , offer scully coin , easterner ( quietly ) here 's what I owe you Mr. scully . scully ( not accept ) what 's you complaint ? I think we be friend here . easterner please . take it . there 's no time to waste . scully make no move to accept the money . cowboy ( incredulous ) you fer that dutchman ? scully yes , what be this about the swede ? a brief pause : the easterner 's feel conquer he aversion against go into it . they watch he judicially . easterner ( quietly ) we have do he a great wrong . cowboy ( astound ) huh ? scully wrong ! we could not treat he fairer -- we never touch a hair of he head ! easterner ( quiet but feel it strongly ) ah you do not know the meaning of fairness . either of you . they move nearer he ; he stand he ground . camera slowly creep closer . cowboy now you look here , mister ... scully ( solemn and quiet ; slowly tapping easterner 's chest with he forefinger ) see here , Sir : guest or no guest , nobody can tell Patrick scully he be not a fair man . easterner suppose I prove it . scully try , just . Fair enough . but mister : ye better make it shtick ! cowboy that go for I too . easterner very well . he set down he bag as the camera stop advance : a close three shot , favor the easterner . he look coldly from one to the other as he talk . they watch he judicially . easterner when the swede say johnnie be cheating , and johnnie call he a liar , it be one man 's word against another . be I right ? they nod , with a look , " of course . " easterner that be all we have to go on to prevent a fight . correct ? scully correct . easterner all right . ( very quiet and cold ) do it occur to either of you that the swede might be tell the truth ? close two shot -- cowboy and scully cowboy and scully ( together ; vaguely ) Truth ? close shot -- easterner he be watch they mercilessly . easterner ( icy ; just audible ) mm-hm . that 's the word . close two shot -- cowboy and scully cowboy and scully ( gape , incredulous , innocent ) he ? close shot -- easterner he watch they a moment very tensely , then abrupty relax . easterner ( throw it away ) thank you , gentleman : there 's you proof . ( again try to pay ) now please ... close three shot -- easterner , cowboy , scully camera circle , favor each man as he speak . scully ( intensely ) be you accusin ' johnnie of ... easterner ( quiet , cold ) I be accuse nobody . I be prove you do not know the a-b-c - 's of fairness . cowboy but that dutchman , he 's crazy . easterner ( bite the word out ) stick to the point . scully if he ever do tell the truth -- a ' that I beg leave to doubt -- it would be the first time in he life . easterner that would make it a lie ? cowboy good as a lie . scully nod . easterner Fine . splendid . camera , shoot past the easterner , favor the cowboy , stop circle . cowboy why , that bird , if he do tell the truth , I would not keer . close shot -- easterner easterner ( to both ) you have prove my point several time over ; do not strain yourselves . his eye glide quietly from man to man . close two shot -- cowboy and scully a pause . they be cornere ; half - comprehend , deeply resentful . they be in some degree try to face it . close shot -- easterner in deep stillness he watch they . closer two shot -- cowboy and scully the effort to face it weaken ; they glance toward he almost reproachfully and look quickly down ; they glance toward each other but they eye do not meet . each do he equivalent of a shrug . less close shot -- the easterner he look at they in silence a moment . easterner ( quietly ) that 's right ; shrug it off ; it 's a small matter . it 's why war be fight ; why a great nation can fall apart like rotten meat . cowboy's voice ( o.s. , booming ) yeah ? well what be you ... close shot -- cowboy swing camera to bring in scully , reacting . cowboy ( continue ) ... talkin ' so high and mighty about , I want to know ! you be there too , but I do not notice you sayin ' nuthin ' ! the shot now favor scully . scully ( eager , vindictive ) now how about , yes how about that ! tarred with the same brush , be not you ? they look to he in bitter triumph . close shot -- easterner a pause as he return they gaze . easterner ( with calm self - loathing ) oh no . a blacker brush . ( still quieter ) you see : I know . close two shot -- cowboy and scully they be hold in a strange , prescient pause . close shot -- easterner easterner ( very quietly ) yes : johnnie be cheating . close two shot -- cowboy and scully cowboy and scully ( blankly ) johnnie ... close shot -- easterner he nod , watch they closely . close two shot -- cowboy and scully a silence . we can almost see they wheel go round . finally , relief and pleasure dawn in the cowboy 's face . as he start to speak he make a foolish , rather pathetically helpless gesture , and camera pull and swing to bring in the easterner . cowboy why , no . we be not playin ' fer money . it be just in fun . scully nod , hopefully . the easterner 's reaction to the word " money " be quiet , sick , ineffable contempt . easterner ( unconsciously ; just audibly ) oh , yes ! the moving camera now favor the easterner in the three shot easterner fun or not , johnnie be cheating . I see he . I know it . I see he . a pause . scully ( solemnly ) mister : I do not believe you . easterner why would I lie to you ? cowboy that 's for you to tell we . in spite of everything , there be a flicker of amusement in the easterner over this lulu . scully ( shrewdly ) ye lie before or now , by yer own admission . I will take I pick . easterner ( mildly ) I lie when I keep quiet . scully why ? if ye see what ye claim ? a pause . camera move into close shot of the easterner , lose they . easterner ( quietly ) cowardice . close two shot -- scully and cowboy they can not comprehend or believe such a admission . close shot -- easterner easterner that 's all . ( he eye show we they still can not understand ; with self - contempt and weary patience ) we hate the swede ; you believe johnnie ; you like I . I be not man enough to make enemy of you . I let that poor fool fight it out alone . he look from man to man in silence . close two shot -- scully and cowboy they be silent a moment . scully ( quietly ) then why be ye tellin ' we now ? close shot -- easterner easterner because there 's a limit to cowardice . close two shot -- scully and cowboy a short silence as they ponder that . cowboy ( solemnly ) mister , if you be tellin ' the truth , you be makin ' yerself out the yallerist coward ever I see . close shot -- easterner pulling back , as he speak , into a close three shot easterner oh , we be all coward ; that 's the root of the trouble . johnnie be behind we ; you be afraid to face the truth about he and you own unfairness ; I be just the worst of a bad bunch . a short pause . scully ( bitterly ) I s'pose that swede 's you idea of a hero . easterner he be the only brave man here tonight . scully brave ? him ? cowboy him ? his knee be knockin ' ! close shot -- easterner easterner ( new realization break open ) sure ; he be scared sick . my bet be , he 's be sick all he life , with cowardice . what a live hell ! but I guess he reach he limit too . he stand up to it tonight -- worse fear than we will ever dream of . and beat it too -- sure as he beat up johnnie . yes Mr. scully , he 's my idea of a hero . and whatever become of he now , it 's we fault as much as he . cowboy's voice ( o.s . ) we fault ! why , that feller 's just ... easterner ( catch fire more ) certainly we fault . good heaven , we flatter ourselves we be civilized man ... fit to cope with destiny , fate , the Devil himself . and we come up against some puzzle minor disturbance like this swede , and all we can do be the worst that 's in we . ( a strange , almost clairvoyant bitterness ) oh , we declare ourselves , all right ... as sure as that blue-legged heron ! yes indeed ! we make he what he 's become tonight . we be the one who have put he in danger ! scully' voice ( o.s. ; bewilder scorn ) talk sense , man ! danger ! easterner look here . any man be in danger who have spend a lifetime in fear and humiliation , and then suddenly find he right to be alive . he 's a danger to other , too . he do not know any better yet how to handle he power , than a child with a load gun . he study they baffle , hostile face with deep intensity as the camera pull away into a close three shot and , with almost a snarl of impatience over have delay too long and uselessly , reach down for he bag . scully 's hand detain he . scully just a minute , you : johnnie 's goin ' to have a fair hearin' . easterner oh by all mean for johnnie ! but do not waste my time with it . I have ... o.s. SOUND of the dining room door open . instantly they all become very still and look toward it . medium long shot -- johnnie -- neutral angle he limp toward they , wash , but cut and bruise ; partly undress ; on he way to bed . as he come nearer the camera swing to bring in the other three , medium close , favor scully . scully ( quietly ) johnnie ... johnnie h'lo , pop. ( to the other , with a sad , brave smile as he start past ) ' night . scully ( gravely ) johnnie ... his tone make johnnie stop . close three shot -- easterner , cowboy , scully -- favoring scully scully ( quietly ) Mr. blanc have something to say to you . close two shot -- johnnie -- past scully cut across the forego line . there be a cold , lightning - like spasm in johnnie 's eye . then he be friendly , tired , ingenuous . johnnie leavin ' we , mister ? close group shot -- favoring johnnie and easterner the other watch they closely , but watch the easterner sharper than johnnie . johnnie ( likably ) well what 's up ? easterner ( very quiet ) you cheat , johnnie . johnnie ( smile incredulously ) what 's that ? easterner I say , you cheat . I see you . johnnie look at he very hard for a moment ; then to scully and the cowboy , with the smile of a tired good - guy . johnnie ( to scully and cowboy ) what be this , a joke ? they be silent . johnnie ( dignify , quiet and reasonable ) you must of make a big mistake , mister ; ' cause I do not cheat . scully ( with pathetic eagerness ) now how about that , Sir ! cowboy ( forgivingly ) anybody can make a mistake . for several second johnnie and the easterner look hard and quietly at each other . then the easterner turn to scully , again extend the coin . easterner ( not unkindly ) I owe you this , Mr. scully . johnnie surge toward he but be restrain with curious ease by the cowboy and scully . scully now none o' that , son . there 's be enough o' that . easterner ( to scully ) you will not take it ? there be no answer from scully . easterner well I can not keep it . he quietly lay the coin on the floor at scully 's foot . then he wipe the coin-sweat from he palm onto he coat and pick up he bag . easterner ( on a queer , wild impulse ) I be sorry it be not thirty piece of silver . he turn and walk away toward the door and out of the shot . they watch after he . the cowboy be utterly baffle by he remark but scully call after he bitterly . scully so now he 's sacred into the bargain ! medium shot -- easterner -- from there viewpoint this shot cut across scully 's line . the easterner be still walk away from the camera toward the front door . he stop and turn , look from man to man and , at one moment , directly into the lens . easterner ( quietly ) Sacred enough ; he 's my conscience . your too , if you only know it . he turn away and go out the front door . medium three shot -- scully , johnnie , cowboy o.s. SOUND of the close door . they watch after he . a silence . johnnie ( quietly ) matter with that guy ? go crazy ? no answer . scully ( even more quietly ) we can not let he shpread it all over town . while the other start for they coat he squat and , with sad dignity , start to pick up the coin . on he , as he do so , swiftly Iris out . medium shot -- swede -- a STREET corner ( nite ) he emerge from almost pitch darkness into faint visibility , into medium close up , look right and leave as he come to the new intersection . his face light up and he stop in he track . he be still transcendent , but much more tired than before . the camera wrench through a almost 120 - degree , streaking turn to the leave of he , and stop as abruptly as it start . slant - wise down the side street , fairly distant , there be a blur of light through furious snow . a dim sign read bar or SALOON . close shot -- swede with a weary , grateful air of see home at last , he set down he valise . then he bend over deep - below - screen and straighten up again and he hand be full of snow , with which , with great simplicity and infinite refreshment , he wash he cut face and hand . then he flick and shake the wet from he hand , lift he cap with one hand and rake he other hand through he hair , replace he cap and , he face alight with anticipation and new hope , almost with love , pick up he valise , and bevel off toward the light in a rigid oblique , regardless of drift , the sidewalk , etc . ; the camera swinging to center on he plodd back . quick fade : fade in : int . medium close shot -- the bar -- four men at a table ( nite ) it be a clean , well - light place ; not big . a table at the rear ; four man at it : a lawyer , a doctor , a merchant and a gambler . we shoot past the gambler 's leave shoulder , medium close , on the Doctor at we leave ; the lawyer face toward the front of bar , the merchant on we right . it be self - evident by they look that the three we can see be among the most respectable and well - to - do man in town . smoothest of all be the lawyer . of the gambler we see nothing yet except the shoulder of he coat and perhaps a rather fine hand with a wedding ring on it , and a soberly - jewel - link cuff , and a sleeve of a suit as sober as the other , except it be a elegant dove-gray . they be all smoking cigar , and there be drink on the table . the lawyer be do all of the talk , quietly , smoothly and earnestly ; look always directly into the gambler 's eye . we soon realize he be the spokesman for the rest , by the way the Doctor gaze into the table , nodd now and then , and the merchant gaze at the lawyer , nodd more often and more sensitively ; and by what he be say . lawyer of course we hardly need to tell you , Sir , how deeply we regret it : even that of we who vote against you on principle ... and it be in we honorableness and candor due a friend that I tell you that I be one of they ... ( the merchant be deeply move by admiration for all this ) ... even we regret it most painfully , perhaps most painfully of all if I may say so . after all , every responsible person in Fort romper , every self - respect man in this part of the State , know you as a square gambler . you have never yet be know to take advantage of any man who do not , in every sensible person 's ... uh ... in the opinion of every sensible person , richly deserve it , one might say " ask for it " . you family life be exemplary . you companionship be a pleasure which all of we hope to share for many year to come ( even more earnestly and gently ) but we do hope you understand , sir. after all , ( he voice all but crack with earnestness ) the pollywog Club be a pleasure club . oh , stake , perhaps modest stake , but among amateur as it be ; ( a feeble would - be - charming smile ) greenhorn . of course there be not a single member of we little club who could imagine that you would ever ... ever , well , as it be , uh , well , violate , uh , take advantage of ... ( by now he be thoroughly miserable ) ... I do hope you understand I , sir. ( the invisible man just let he fry ) but a professional gambler , after all . it 's just the principle of the thing you know . the ap ... the appearance of the thing . no personal offense in the world . ( pause ; no help from the gambler ) ( miserably but with dignity ) I do only hope you understand I , Sir , how very deeply embarrassing this be for I ... for all of we . how very deeply we regret it . they wait , eye as before . a medium pause . gambler' voice ( o.s. ; a even smoother , gentler voice , whose icy central irony totally escape they ) my dear sir : friend : I wish I might have save you this painful embarrassment . it be because I honor you as gentleman and as friend that I know that you must meet I with candor , however painful that might be for you . I be deeply grateful for that candor . allow I to meet you with equal candor . I think I need say only this : if I be a member of the pollywog Club , and my own name or that of any other professional gambler be bring to a vote , I would have act precisely as you have do , for precisely the same reason , and with precisely the same sentiment , before , during , and after . in a word , I would have blackball myself from the pollywog without a second think . during this speech the Doctor and the merchant have turn they eye slowly to he in wonder and almost in unbelief , and the lawyer 's eye have stay on he , burn with a steadily increase light of deep emotion . by the end of it they be all look at he practically as if he be Jesus and could cook into the bargain . the lawyer 's eye be brim ; he clear he throat but he can not speak yet ; the merchant look at he and now he eye brim too . at last the lawyer rise ( the other hurriedly follow suit ) with he glass . lawyer ( all choke up ; very quietly ) let we stand , my friend , and drink : to a gentleman ! medium close shot -- the gambler as he rise quickly ; he be elegant , histrionic ; quietly dignify , cold as ice . gambler ( with a slight bow ) to you : gentleman : and my good friend . they all touch glass and drink with they respective idea of 18th century elegance . the merchant , overwhelm with emotion , clearly have the sudden idea of smash he glass and make the start of a gesture toward that end . barkeeper' voice ( o.s. , gently but alarmed ) hey -- hey ! the merchant shrivel up with humiliation like a spider in a flame ; the gambler 's amused delight be beautifully conceal . he do not look around at the barkeeper , but modestly at the table . both other glance sharply at the barkeeper . medium shot -- barkeeper from they angle , about halfway up the bar . his forehead be still wrinkle with dismay ; he be awfully embarrassed to have speak so sharp to such respectable folk . barkeeper ( in a low voice ) ' scuse I , folk , it just slip out . close group shot between the lawyer and the Doctor , on the merchant and the gambler . the lawyer , by he slight stiff turn of head away from the barkeeper , do not even deign to grant he pardon . the gambler be very quiet ; a almost tenderly sympathetic smile behind which he be reveling in a cruel delight of ironic amusement . the Doctor 's head rugge and quiet , a little more scraggy look than before . the merchant , crumpled with embarrassment , be just carefully set down he glass . the lawyer save the situation virtually unimpaire by bow slightly and formally to the gambler , who return it to the table at large ; the Doctor bow , and the merchant , a trifle late ; as they sit down , the lawyer gently , manfully clap the merchant on the shoulder ; a glance from the merchant of spaniel - like gratitude . they noble mood be addle but not utterly destroy : they seek to repair it . by the gambler 's smile we know exactly the smile , from the lawyer , which elicite it ; the merchant be try to smile too when there be the o.s. SOUND of the front door open and a stamp in the vestibule between the street door and the swinging door : all glance toward the door except the gambler , who watch the lawyer . long shot -- the front door top rim of the bar in ras . the rim of the bar be exactly level in perspective and sprout from exact center of the right edge of the screen . a almost instantaneous shot as the swede start come through the swinging door . close shot -- swede at head height , as he come through . he be as high and glow as before , though slightly less wild ; the sudden warmth hit he like a shock of peace and good prospect ; he face soften and swell ; he eye flick the joint . again a very brief shot ; he be step forward . long shot -- the table face and eye just at the end of casually look at he ; resume they private conversation . this shot be as quick as a glance . medium close shot -- barkeeper at he station near mid-bar . eye quick from the table to the swede , a quick size - up ; underplay and , again , as quick as a glance . close shot -- down on the swede's valise and right foot he plant he right shoe on the rail ; it be clogge with snow ; he stomp and scrape rather loudly , try to clear it . medium long shot -- the table Quick , gentlemanly glance of annoyed wonder what it be , find out , gentlemanly ignore of the boorishness ; back to they mutton . close shot -- barkeeper a sharp little glance toward the table and toward the noise ; annoyance ; a tinge of refinement . close down shot -- valise and foot the swede get he foot hang comfortably . close shot -- the swede he settles he elbow at the bar . he be tired , almost sleepy with the sudden warmth ; glow like a stove ; still on top of the world but become very peaceful . swede ( eye to barkeeper ) gimme some whiskey , will you ? the barkeeper walk quietly into the shot with a high - grade bartender 's faintly insolent politeness toward a low - grade customer ; he plant a bottle on the bar , a whiskey glass , and a glass of ice-thick water . the swede pour himself a abnormal portion and drink it down in three gulp . while the swede pour and gulp , the barkeeper , past he , pretty close in the shot , be make the pretension of blindness which be the distinction of he class , but it can be see that he be furtively study the halfraise bloodstain on the swede 's face . barkeeper ( indifferently ) pretty bad night . no answer . barkeeper bad night . ( he meaning be clearly double and quietly discourteous : bad night for you , bud , that 's clear enough ) swede ( pour more whiskey ) oh , it 's good enough for I . he root under he coat and deep into he britches - pocket , slap down a coin , and toss off the new drink , eye follow the barkeeper . medium shot -- barkeeper -- from swede's angle put the coin through a highly - nickel cash register with a brilliant clanging of the bell . closer shot -- swede as he finish he second drink ; he be heavier now yet still tremendously elate and at peace with himself : he pivot eye and head in a slow benign sweep down the bar and in the direction of the table , look toward the man , o. s. , with tower benign vanity and self - confidence , and friendly interest . SOUND o.s. , of a coin slap on the bar , rouse he from this boozy muse . camera " adjust " about as heavily and clumsily as the swede do , to get the barkeeper into the shot . swede ( a wave of the hand ) keep it , keep it . barkeeper ( with a tinge of sarcasm ; the change be only a nickel ) thank you sir . swede ( grandly ; abstractedly ) buy yourself a cigar . a pause . the barkeeper be look toward the table ; the swede at the barkeeper . the swede be try to cogitate . he 's somewhat disappointed ; nothing be go as he have wildly imagine it would go with people , from now on ; but he have just enough sense to realize : after all , this guy do not know I for what I be . better let he in on it a little . swede no , this be not too bad weather . it 's good enough for I . barkeeper ( languidly ) so ? ( he drift a foot or so away , down bar ) the swede be sweat a little ; the booze be get to he now ; he breathe be a little heavier . swede yes , I like this weather . I like it . ( nodd heavy time to he word ) it suit I . barkeeper ( after a short pause ) so ? ( he turn to study the bar mirror ) swede flinch , confuse with disappointment and uncertain what to try next , follow he eye along and down the mirror . close shot -- swede's reflection in bar mirror eye glitter in the scroll mirror , o.s. SOUND of he heavy breathe . after a few moment of this mirror-gaze , the mirror blur a little and come as if effortlessly back into focus ; blur again : close shot -- swede from angle of he reflection he squeeze he eye tight shut and open they ; he head be lower than when we see it before ; he be lean deep and heavy on he elbow . evidently triumph , melancholy , fatigue , loneliness , the dismay and disappointment of a dream confront actuality , all ball up in he , not to mention the whiskey and the warmth , be all hard at work in he , with all the liability a little outweigh . it be in the need for counterbalance that he speak next . swede well , I guess I will have another drink . ( he pour , a heavier slug than before but slower and , raise he glass , need company bad but try to make it seem casual , he eye barkeeper o.s . ) have something ? medium close shot -- barkeeper past swede barkeeper no , thanks , I be not drink . the swede downs he drink fast but a little more doggedly than before ; no real relish for it ; while the barkeeper study he more openly . barkeeper how would you hurt you face ? ( a tinge of mild insult which the swede miss ) swede ( loud and blustery ; grateful for the chance ) why , in a fight . I thumped the soul out of a man down here at scully 's hotel . lawyer' voice ( o.s . ) who be it ? swede turn quickly . medium long shot -- table from swede's angle they be all look at he . close shot -- swede -- from same angle -- barkeeper in b.g . swede johnnie scully . Son of the man what run it . medium long shot -- table from swede's angle they reaction be not one of overjoy . medium close -- swede see they be not as impressed as he be , he try to better it by make it bigger . he be beginning to squint as if see they through a needle eye . swede he will be pretty near dead for some week , I can tell you . again he wait a reaction . medium shot -- same angle swede ( talk a little louder ) I make a nice thing of he , I do . he could not get up . they ... medium long shot -- swede -- from angle of table swede ( continue ) ...had to carry he in the house . have a drink ? long shot -- on table from behind bar -- past swede's head the man at the table have in some subtle way encase themselves in reserve . lawyer ( voice neither pleasant nor unpleasant ) no thanks . now none of they look at the swede . the swede keep look at they . a couple of second after the " no thanks " he turn he face into the shot , disappointed , mix - up and a little sore . swede ( to barkeeper ) come on , have a drink . ( he grab the bottle and hold it out ) camera swing lose table and bring in barkeeper . barkeeper ( shake he head ) swede what ... no ? well , have a little one then . ( thick finger measure a little one ) by golly , I have whipped a man tonight , and I want to celebrate . whipped he good too . ( he turn he head suddenly again into hindside close up of he face . call loudly ) gentlemen , have a drink ? barkeeper ssh ! the table be back in the shot now ; only a fragment of the barkeeper as in the start of the shot . the Doctor look up . doctor ( curtly ) thanks . we do not want any more . they all conspicuously pay " no attention " to the swede . close shot -- swede -- from angle of table the swede be still look toward the table , sore as a boil ; he ruffle up like a rooster , and explode . swede ( loudly , waver in he speech between barkeeper and table ) well , it seem I can not get any one to drink with I in this town . seem so , do not it ? well ! barkeeper ssshhh ! swede ( lean toward he , snarling ) say , do not you try to shush I up . I will not have it . I be a gentleman , and I want people to drink with I . and I want um to drink with I now . ( hard fist on the bar ) now ! you understand ? barkeeper ( callous and sulky ) I hear you . swede ( louder ) well , listen hard then . see that man over there ? ( he fling out a thick arm ) well , they be gonna drink with I and do not you forget it ! now you watch ! barkeeper hey ! this will not do ! swede ( already walk ; chop out the word . ) why will not it ? camera be with the swede , along he right side as he walk . he be in pretty large close up , fill the right half of the screen , he angry profile almost push the right edge of it ; the bar streaking past in leave half and the barkeeper hesitantly hurry , as he walk fast and drunkenly up to the table . just as he come up , lower camera a little to he outlift hand and speed its swing a little to bring in a flash of the man at the table , not get up , but tightening in they chair . close shot -- swede's hand in a heavy combination of a clap and a fall , hit the gray shoulder of the man who happen to be nearest he -- the gambler 's . close up -- the gambler -- from swede's viewpoint a diminutive man , twist he head slowly and look up into the swede 's eye . from this angle he be all eye and forehead ; the chin look weak . steep close up -- swede -- from gambler' angle from this angle he be all truculent jaw and mouth , little glitter eye above ; apishly small upper half of head . swede ( wrathfully ) how about this ? I ask you to drink with I . ( he eye flick sorely and quickly toward the other ) down shot -- on lawyer and merchant -- past swede and gambler keeping they seat ; look at the swede in icy disgust . gambler ( coolly ; somewhat melodiously ) my friend , I do not know you . swede ( roughly ; try to smile and be he idea of " western " about non - introduction ) ahh , come on and have a drink ! close shot -- doctor , merchant , lawyer all eye to the swede , all register they respective kind of well - breed silence medium close shot -- barkeeper opposite the table , behind he bar ; sprung like a ready trigger ; watch everyone very carefully . medium close shot -- gambler and swede gambler very low in screen , the swede very high , past the Doctor in f.g. gambler ( face still up - turn ; coolly and with mock - kindness but very firm ; very much the gentleman ) now , my boy , take you hand off my shoulder and go ' way and mind you own business . zoom camera to extreme close up of swede , slant up at he a little . swede what ! you will not drink with I , you little dude ? I will make you then ! I will make you ! on the first " I will make you " he be rapidly stooping ; streak camera down to extreme close up of he hand and the gambler 's face ; the hand be already grab he by the throat and drag he from he chair , over noise of scrape - back chair and rise ad lib of hey ! stop ! great Scott ! stop he ! CUT over these sound and word medium shot -- the group past the three man at the table , center on the gambler and the swede , ( SOUND of run barkeeper and he ad libbing o.s. ) . the three man be rise in they far from rough or halfway ready way , to help ; but everything be too fast for they . the gambler almost instantly stop resisting the upward drag and get up , throw the swede off balance ; pivote as he rise so that he drive the swede behind the chair toward the wall opposite the bar ; get under the swede 's clumsily place elbow with he whole leave arm and shoulder and lift as he rise so that the swede 's whole slick and shiny chest and belly of leather coat bulge taut , swollen and shiny as a watermelon , catch highlight from the bar light . just while it can still be visible before the pivote hide it , he reach deftly into he trouser pocket and pull out something ; the snap of a spring and a long blade flick out , flash the same highlight we have just see on the swede 's soft belly . sound of breath draw in sharp with horror . the gambler 's arm straighten back , drive forward ; a horrifying SOUND as the blade enter the leather ( on far side of fighter from we ) , and a deep weird groan grunt from the swede . close up -- swede almost a head taller than the gambler , whose back be to the shot . the swede 's eye and mouth be amazingly wide : pain in they , but far more , supreme astonishment : childlike . low in the shot the gambler , not too easily , ( SOUND o.s. ) extract the knife and vanish out of the shot to the leave ( we do not see he face ) as camera move in closer on the swede . the swede be draw as deep a breath as he lung can hold ; eye and mouth be now even more wide and amaze ; then , very long and slow and gentle , incredulous , downward - trail to a damp breath , he utter the swedish word for " no , " which be " nej , " pronounce ' nay , ' in a tone almost beyond sorrow and wonder but partake of both : he begin to step backward very slowly , camera gently and implacably follow , and gain on he a little , very gradually ; and still more slowly to sink ; camera ditto : at the end of the " nay " he chin tremble a little , the stare eye alter , one tear run out of each : as the two tear spring out , a swift thrust of camera up to the eye -- not too close ; then cutting : not dissolving : and with great rapidity : the supersonic tone use pianissimo at first and steadily increase to ultimate unbearable intensity , behind all the shot : likewise a subsonic tone , same intensification . in a huge soft radiant close up involve munificent crystal and mahogany and a spray of pot palmleave , over distant male cheer and discreet stream sound of high grade dinner music , the swede and the gambler , in soup and fish , touch glass , smile , courtly ; in b.g. , the vague - focus head of the three other man raise glass ; superimpose for a fraction of the time it take he to say it , the barkeeper in smile close up say , " it 's on the house , gentleman . " over brass disc of music of suppertime , very faint , scully , easterner , cowboy rush to congratulate he by he tree just after the fight . over same music , indoors by the stove , johnnie , batter and sheepish , nod and grin as he lift the swede 's hand as the victor 's . over same music , a little louder , swede in close up , he arm around johnnie 's shoulder , both face beat up , both grin as scully , grin , in l.s. , offer the yellow - brown whiskey bottle . over the SOUND of transcontinental express , a unknown good look well - breed blonde woman of a ripe thirty - five lose a look of hauteur and smile up at he promisingly . over train and disc music a whole parlorfull of flozzy in negligee hasten , happily , to swarm around a advance camera . a fearsome heavily - mustach blond man in clothes of lower middle - class Sweden ( circa 1860 , -- he father ) , glaring down into the lens over the SOUND of whipping and child 's cry , suddenly smile beautifully and benignly : total approval and respect as eye and lens lift and come level : no whipping SOUND : then scowl again . the immense vague tender face of a young woman , shot from the angle and nearness of a baby look up from the crook of she elbow ; over the SOUND of a warm untrained contralto half - hum a lullaby or folksong in a foreign language , she gaze with infinite tenderness and pity into the lens . SOUND of impact of a tremendous blow , explode 398- h into a white flash and recover into a close image of johnnie past he still landing fist . easterner , from earlier , he mouth say , " I do not understand you " : but silent . from the swede 's viewpoint : johnnie do something shady with the card . a long line of hard man in a dark bar look up rather dangerously at the advance camera over the SOUND of swinging door . close detail - shot of " the stag at Bay , " very dark . ( the highsound be by now very strong ; no other sound . ) then SOUND of child 's cry o.s. a little boy pulverize the face of another little boy who be cry and not hit back . louden SOUND of child 's cry ; begin lullaby . face of the Father , closer and fiercer : same sound . swede in extreme close up at the corner of the town in fullest magnificence . he be not shouting but add the SOUND of he shout , at a great distance , to the other sound . the tigerish reflection in the mirror ; continue shout and other sound . same small boy alone , face beat , cry : SOUND of cry . again the huge vague maternal face : silent except for high SOUND which be now at its peak ! extreme close up -- swede his mouth be almost close now , he eye be still wide ; he slowly , mournfully , wag he head once to and for as he sink : the eye again alter and slowly freeze into a expression of unutterable horror , dread , recognition and grief . the film , with this change in eye , very gradually darken , by darker printing : the eye remain fix on the same o.s. spot , just off lens , and it be as if they now die and the rest of he be merely trail they . camera stop follow he : he back against the edge of a little side table ; grope backward with one hand ; fumble backward between two of the small table which line the wall and back between they to the bench and slowly let himself down and , within a second more , be still . after a second of this stillness ( make it a stop shot and stop the high and low sound ) he eye be still fix on the same spot . medium long shot -- the group the swede be just out of the shot beyond ras . the gambler stand just where we leave he ; he knife , point downward be still in he hand . only the Doctor move . after perhaps three second of immobility he come through he friend and past the gambler and over to the swede , camera swinging with he , SOUND of he shoe very quietly crackle on the sand floor . when he get to the swede he stand sufficiently between we and the swede that we can not see what he 's do , but it be not much -- no need for it to be . then he straighten up and turn , with desperate eye , and go back past the gambler and he friend , camera swinging , same quiet , sandy sound , and get he coat . as he lift it from the coatrack . merchant ( softly ) o my gah - uh . o my gahhhd -uh . he turn and start toward he coat and stumble against a chair as if he be blind . the lawyer reach out swiftly , as to catch he should he fall ; he do not ; the lawyer gently push - help he to the coatrack , a hand against he nearest upper arm ; they start get on they coat . the lawyer be quick , the merchant clumsy as a child ; the lawyer help he ; the Doctor , all set , start toward the front door . medium shot -- gambler he face the bar squarely ( the swede be not in the b.g. ) . he be stand very straight and graceful , almost military , face the camera , look to las . he be manage this with terrific effort and he knee be just visibly tremble . SOUND of the Doctor 's footstep ; the gambler 's eye move steadily with he : he come across close , l.s. to r.s. ; the gambler 's eye on he . the Doctor do not look at he ; he be so scrawny and rugge with shock and distress he look sick and ten year older . he cross the shot and out . the gambler 's eye very quietly to l.s. again : 3 flick of he eye , to height of the lawyer , the merchant and then the lawyer again , swinging with they . they enter and cross the shot , side by side ; the merchant on the far side of the lawyer and almost totally obscure by he . merchant ( half -moan ) o my gaaahhhdd - uh , my gaaahhdd - uh . he say this about every five second from the time he start to he exit , ever more moistly , softly , calflike , never louder . the lawyer 's head , close , high in screen , be desperate icy granite , noble Roman ; he eye , which look straight forward , unsee as a statue 's . the gambler 's eye follow as they exit right screen . long shot -- the front door the rim of the bar in the middle of the edge of r.s. , and level in perspective . the lawyer very erect , a arm across the merchant 's shoulder ; the merchant cave in and stumbling as a widow . now they either just avoid stumbling , or stumble brutally against , the swede 's valise ; then on , not look back , and out the door . medium shot -- the gambler SOUND of close door . very slowly he lift he knife and look at it . again by terrific effort he bring the tremble of the blade down to just perceptible . after a long pause he lift he eye toward the barkeeper , o.s . gambler ( very quietly ) May I have you bar-cloth , please . medium shot -- barkeeper barkeeper ( limply ; almost inaudibly ) yes , sir . he walk unsteadily up the bar for the cloth , toward the edge of the shot , while the gambler walk even more slowly to the bar ; he back , like he front , expressive of terrific shock and incredible control . medium close shot -- gambler and barkeeper as they converge at the bar , barkeeper extend the cloth delicately and the gambler take it as delicately . gambler nod thank you . the gambler wipe he blade and as he do that he hand and knee start tremble badly in spite of himself . with a almost suicidal effort he control the tremble and make the faintest beginning of hand the cloth back to the barkeeper , who wince very faintly ; then , reach carefully rather than toss , he put the cloth on the bar . he fold he knife and put it in he pocket . gambler ( in a unearthly calm , dry voice with a scratchiness underneath ) Charlie , you tell them where to find I . I will be home , wait for them . the barkeeper try to speak ; he can not ; he nod , then nod again . the gambler walk into the shot and past the camera and return , within a couple of second , walk into the shot and away , back - to ; he hat be already on ; as we first see he he be finish shrugging into and settling he overcoat ; and now , by faint motion of hand and elbow , as he continue , we know he be buttone it . it must be clear that though he walk very erect , calm , and even , he be scarcely able to stand up . he take a long slant line to avoid the valise ; rectify the line the instant he pass it ; and so out the door . ( under all this exit use SOUND of foot on sand floor ) . the barkeeper , who lean back against the bar as the gambler go for he coat , stay there very still a moment after the door shut ; then up the bar , knee wobbly , a hand on the bar sustain he now and then , to the bottle on the bar at the swede 's place . he lift the bottle and the swede 's glass , put down the glass and drink from the bottle , deeply . the inevitable violent reaction of a kind of writhe of he whole interior ; a kind of gobble SOUND . then a great huh expulsion of breath : then loud deep breathe , stunne eye wander vacantly . then we see that they must light on the swede , o.s. , for they stop abruptly , and so do the breathe . then after a couple of second the breathe begin again , great huh , but this time much more terrible shatter with shock and with a kind of dry sobbing : a off - balance pump : huh -- uhhhhh : dead silence : huh -- uhhhhh : dead silence . he take two almost sneaky step toward the door ; hand reach behind and untying he apron : then sprint ungainly , he apron foul leg and foot and kick aside as if it be a snake , with another awful huh -- uuuhhh carry he at high speed through the door . no SOUND of close door , but SOUND of the scream of the storm , very far down . barkeeper' voice ( o.s. ; retreate in the street and muffle in the storm , bawling , bestial ) helllllp ! murrrrrder ! helllllp ! hold shot on bare bar and perspective of its rim , through this line . full shot -- the whole interior ( orthochromatic film ) a formal shot from the dead center of the front of the room : a shot model on postcard of 1890 - 1910 : we first full view of the nicest bar in a small town : pathetic but not completely unsuccessful in its effort at a kind of barren charm and grace . the sand on the floor in the f.g. be sweep in pretty curclicue ; this be scuff along the bar and where the fight take place . hold three or four second , long enough to register fully the swede and the cash register , dead - opposite each other , at exact middle of they side of the room . no storm SOUND : pure silence . extreme close up -- the swede's left eye ( orthochromatic ) occupy the whole screen except enough to show a little of a contuse cheekbone and across it , a crooked rill of dry blood and a snailtrack shine of a not yet dry tear . the eye , if technically possible , be glaze as we watch . silence . extreme close shot -- the cash register ( orthochromatic ) the ornate cast- iron top of the nickel - plate cash register . its florid shape recall the florid cornice of the Blue Hotel . the cash amount be below -screen . the stamp lettering of the legend be fiercely cold , glitter , massive and hard -- a little ornate like much of the lettering of the time : this register the amount of you purchase o.s. SOUND of a door open . hold the shot a couple of second after it . fade out : fade in : medium close shot -- the easterner as he come through the swinging door , advance a couple of pace , and stop dead in he track as he eye find the swede . a impulse to go to he be instantly arrest ; it be so clear that he be beyond help . almost unconsciously , he set down he travel bag . a freezing anguish of guilt enter he still face . after a sufficient pause to make clear they do not come with he , scully , johnnie and the cowboy come in , quietly , but wind . they also look , see , and be silent . they try to subdue they breathe . they have leave the street door open and we can see that there be no more storm or SOUND outside . the easterner be aware when they come in ; we feel that he even know who they be . but throughout the scene , he never shift he eye from the swede ; and they shift theirs only rarely . throughout , they stand behind easterner . after a considerable silence : scully ( in a subdued voice ) how do it happen ? the easterner say nothing . a pause . cowboy ( quietly too ) you ask I , that feller be lookin ' for trouble . a ' he sure find himself a plenty . a pause . easterner ( in a strange , vague voice ) look ...? ( more firmly , but very quiet ) like all troubled men. ( pause ) and we help he find it , and we trap he into it . a pause . the three man behind now glance at each other . scully ( a little less subdued ) see here , mister . the easterner say nothing . scully just one thing . easterner ( quietly ) go home . scully just one little thing . johnnie a ' I live in this town . we do not want no storey shpread around that ye ... easterner ( as quietly ) go home . stop worry . tell whatever story you please . scully ye mane ye -- ye will not ... easterner you conscience be you business . each one of you . my own be enough for I to cope with . they linger , unsure and weary . easterner ( with deep exhaust bitterness ) so just go home now . leave I alone . ( pause ) if you please ! a silence . scully ( quietly and solemnly ) we do not have no part in it . the three shake they head , but they do not look at each other . easterner every sin be a collaboration . everybody be responsible for everything . the three look unsurely at each other ; they be obscurely abash . scully ( with a slight gesture and a almost inaudible whisper ) come on . each look a last time toward the swede , each in he own strange way , kind of gloomy , shy , forebode reproach and resentment ; and each , one by one , turn away from the camera and walk quietly outdoors and out of the shot . we hear only the SOUND of the faint squeaking of they shoe on snow , and soon this die . with the absolute silence a even more fierce and live quiet intensify in the easterner 's face and become , as well , sorrow , pity , tenderness , a passionate desire for , and hopelessness of , expiation . the face rise on a high wave of realization , almost transfigure , on the verge , even , of mysticism , yet iron , virile , tragic -- as , very slowly , he eye still fix toward the swede , he walk into extreme close up and past the camera out of the shot . the camera hold for a few second on the swinging door , whose subtle breathe stop . Beyond they , through the open door , the air be utterly still . long shot -- the blue HOTEL -- same as that which opened the picture Three tiny figure walk in single file down the home stretch . in the immense silence we can just hear they foot . they go in . Light gape and vanish , as the door open and close . after a few second , light appear in the upstairs window . after a few more second , the downstairs light go out . then one upstairs light . then the other . the sky be emblazon with a freezing virulence of pattern star . almost inaudibly , deep in the distance , o.s. SOUND of a train whistle . in the silence after it , the cold star sharpen ; and very slowly , like a prodigious wheel , the whole sky begin to turn . fade out : the end