yorting end gary ( v.0 . ) ever have one of that night that start like any other night but end up be the best night of you life ? I do . int./ ext . 1990 - day / night over corridor , school child and fall a4 paper . image match the narration , warm with nostalgia . gary ( v.0 . ) it be June 22nd 1990 , we final day of school . there be five of we . Oliver Chamberlain , Peter page , Steven Prince , Andy knightley and I . they call I the King . because my name 's Gary King . the we see a teenage gary , the school cool cat with trendy hair , black trench coat and irrepressible grin . gary ( v.0 . ) I and the boy , we be inseparable : Ollie be funny , he fancie himself as a bit of a player but really , he be all mouth . we call he o - man because he have a birthmark that look like a six . he love it . we see a teenage oliver , a yuppie in training , with city boy accessory and a brick of a mobile phone . the boy try to distract he . he give they the finger , mouth " fuck off " . gary ( v.0 . ) Pete be the baby of the group . we sort of take he under we wing . Pete be not the kind of kid we would usually hang out with but he be good for a laugh and he dad be mint . diminutive peter get nudge in the corridor by a burly kid . in Peter 's garden , Gary cannonballs into a swim pool , soaking a older man who be apparently Peter 's dad . gary ( v.0 . ) Steve be a cool guy , almost as cool as I . we jamme together , form a band , we chase the girl . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : gary ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I think he kinda see we as rival . sweet really . Young steven be handsome . we see he smoking with Gary and jam on guitar in the music room . Gary and Steven watch the same pretty girl walk past they . gary ( v.0 . ) and Andy ? well what can I say ? Andy be my wing man . the one guy I could rely on to back I up . I love he and I be not be funny , he love I too . gary ( v.0 . ) there be a few people we would miss . Mr. shepherd be cool . I remember one time , he ask what I want to do with my life . mr . shepherd sit across from Gary in a career office . gary ( v.0 . ) I tell he I just want to have a good time . he think that be funny . it be not mean to be . we see they home town from above : a nondescript garden city set out in symmetrical circle of grey and green . gary ( v.0 . ) Newton Haven be we hometown . we cradle , we playground , we universe and that night it be the site of a heroic quest . the aim ? to conquer the Golden mile . twelve pub along a legendary path of alcoholic indulgence , terminate at the alehouse that would herald we success : the World 's end . the aerial view merge into a tourist map of Newton Haven . the boy crowd around it , chart the route with blue marker . gary ( v.0 . ) there be the first Post , the Old familiar , the famous cock , the Cross hand , the good companion , the trusty servant , the two headed Dog , the mermaid , the beehive , the King 's head , the hole in the Wall ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) the old - fashioned pub sign flash past like tarot card . gary ( v.0 . ) ... all before reach we destiny . the World 's end appear , the most important pub of all . gary ( v.0 . ) we take my car into town , I call it the Beast because she be pretty hairy . Gary drive a matt black granada mk2 dangerously fast . gary ( v.0 . ) and so , we attempt at the Golden mile begin . we be off . we do not waste any time . we hit pub one and we hit it hard . they enter the first Post . the boy sit at a table and all down they pint together . gary ( v.0 . ) thing get crazy fast . there be drink , there be fun ... the boy down pint after pint in successive pub . Steven chat with a griz*le old drinker . the other laugh . gary ( v.0 . ) ... there be controversy ... a publican hold a red card up to Gary , who protest . gary ( v.0 . ) ... there be lady ... they flirt with three alluring schoolgirls , two with blonde hair , one with red . gary ( v.0 . ) ... there be drama , and of course ... Gary in a pub toilet punch the wall in frustration . gary ( v.0 . ) ... there be drink . the boy raise a toast together in the good companion . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) gary ( v.0 . ) after pub five we be feel invincible and decide to procure some herbal refreshment from a man we know as the reverend Green . the boy buy hash from a shifty looking dealer . Oliver , too drunk to carry on , throw up and wave they away . gary ( v.0 . ) pint six put o - man out of action , so we carry on without he . good thing , I bump into he little sister in the next pub , we go into the disabled toilet and I bump into she again . we see Gary with the same pretty girl he and Steven check out earlier . Gary wink at a jealous Steven . gary ( v.0 . ) Sam tag along for a while but in the end I have to let she go . I tell she I have another date that night and she name be amber . the boy clash pint . the boy have reach the beehive . gary ( v.0 . ) nine pint in and it be we against the world ; least it feel like it . drink be spilt , a brawl start . Andy be in the center . gary ( v.0 . ) after the beehive , we have to lay low and so we repair to the bowl club or as we like to call it : the smokehouse . and that 's when it all go fuck up . the boy approach a bowling GREEN clubhouse to smoke pot . gary ( v.0 . ) everyone get para and Pete chuck a whitey so we have to bench he . we see they leave a comatose Peter on a park bench . gary ( v.0 . ) in the end , we blow off the last three pub and head for the hill . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) Gary , Andy and Steven stagger along a dark street . gary ( v.0 . ) we think about take the Beast but eventually decide against it . the Beast crash into a low wall , steam rise . gary ( v.0 . ) do not know how we get up there in the end . maybe Lady luck be with we after all . Gary , Andy and Steven sit on a hilltop and look out across Newton Haven . a shoot STAR streak across the sky . Andy put a arm round Gary . it be the beautiful idyll of youth . gary ( v.0 . ) I remember sit up on top of that hill , blood on my knuckle , beer down my shirt , sick on my shoe , see the orange glow of a new dawn break and know in my heart , life would never feel this good again . and you know what ? int . meeting room - night / day we see Gary King , age 40 . line of experience etched across he face , but with the same broad smile . gary it never do . a strangely self - satisfied Gary lean back in he chair . he 's still thin , draw even , with dyed black hair . Gary be among a group of people , sit in a circle . a bemuse silence settles as the people regard Gary and each other . we hear the well spoken voice of a male group leader . group leader thank you Gary . that be very enlighten . would anyone like to add anything or maybe challenge Gary ? pale young man be you disappointed ? gary about what ? ( continued ) continued : pale young man that you do not make it to the World 's end ? Close on Gary . yes . yes . yes . gary no . Gary zone out . we hear the follow movie dialogue . pastor ( v.o. ) just what be it that you want to do ? peter fonda ( v.o . ) we want to be free ! we want to be free to do what we want to do ! and we want to get load . and we want to have a good time . and that 's what we be go to do . we be go to have a good time . we be go to have a party . title card - ' the world 's end 's montage . various suburban domestic & workplace location . primal scream 's ' load 's play over a montage of domesticity . we see present day version of the adult peter , oliver , steven and andy get ready for work . peter , older , still slight , sit at the breakfast table . he check he watch , drink he coffee and read the paper amid the pandemonium of a family breakfast . steven , older , well preserve . he be in sweat , work out with a attractive young female fitness instructor . oliver , in a slick business suit , in line at a coffee shop , talk loudly on he bluetooth headset and annoys other . andy , still robust , but with a air of executive power , step into a fancy elevator , briefcase in hand . ext . peter 's house - morning a garage door open . we see Peter at the wheel of a midprice family car . as he pull out of the garage he see - Gary , back in he 1990 trench coat . stand in the street . ( continued ) continued : before Peter can take this in , Gary drop down behind a hedge . Peter pull out from he drive and find no one . int . car showroom - morning Peter sit behind he desk . on the shopfloor he see a man peruse a shiny new model . he put on he sale face . peter she 's a beauty . gary oh yes but she 's no Beast . hello Peter . Peter jump like he 's see a ghost . peter Jesus ! Gary ? gary the once and future King . peter be you outside my house this morning ? gary no. peter I could have swear I see you on my street earlier . gary I have never be to Bishop 's garden . Gary change the subject with a friendly punch in the arm . gary how you do man ? peter I be good . you ? gary never better . how be - peter vanessa ? ( continued ) continued : gary no , no , no . you wife ? peter vanessa . gary yeah . how 's she ? peter she 's good . gary have you have sex yet ? peter we have two child . gary ooh twice . get you , fuck machine . ( laugh at own joke ) we have not change have we ? a older , very concerned salesman approach . older man what be he do here ? peter it 's alright , dad . we be fine . gary hello Mr. P. Peter 's dad glare at Gary and stalk off . gary he look well . peter so what can I do for you Gary ? be you look to buy a car ? gary no Peter . the end be nigh . peter what ? gary the World 's end . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) peter what do you mean ? gary you know what I mean . one night . five guy . twelve pub . let battle commence . peter you want to try that again ? gary be not that something you have always want ? peter not really , no . gary Pete , we do not make it before but this time , we will see it through to the bitter end . or lager end . peter we? gary yeah , the whole gang . peter even Andy ? gary why would not Andy be come ? peter I think that after the accident - gary not a issue . he 's in . be you ? peter I would have to check with vanessa . gary who 's vanessa ? peter my wife . gary since when do you have to check with you wife ? ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 3 ) peter since we get marry ? gary come on , do not you miss it ? the laughter , the camaraderie , the fight , the hangover so fierce it feel like you head be full of ant . peter maybe the first two . gary it begin . what 's you new number ? peter same one I have have for ten year . gary yeah . what 's that one ? Peter reluctantly give Gary he card . peter so you and Andy be all straight ? gary yeah . can I ask you a favour ? ext . CITY build site - morning a modern building be under construction . Inside be Steven , now a architect , look at plan with he head builder . he 's smart casual , with hard hat and hi-vis vest . head builder who 's the helmet without the helmet ? steven that 's Gary King . a hard - hatless Gary stroll blithely into the path of a large digger which come to a sudden stop , shower the ground with rubble . Gary saunter on , oblivious . in answer , Steven shake he head forlornly . Gary tap on the door frame . gary knock knock . ( continued ) continued : 11 . steven what be you do here , Gary ? gary you be suppose to say who 's there . steven I can see who 's there . gary I like what you have do with the place . bit draughty . how 's selina ? steven we divorced ten year ago . gary yeah , I wonder how she be . steven she 's very well ... apparently . gary you get anyone on the go ? steven I have as it happen . she 's a fitness instructor . twenty -six . gary paedo . I be kid . I would love to meet she sometime . steven no . why be you here ? gary have not you hear ? we be get the band back together . steven I be not you bass player anymore . gary no I mean I be get the boy back together . we can get the band back together as well if you like . steven no we can not Gary . you sell my guitar to buy drug . Gary change the subject at lightning speed . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) gary I have always wonder , what 's that thing above the door call ? steven a lintel . gary so , plan be , we be go back to Newton Haven , to do the Golden mile and this time , we be go to get to the World 's end . everyone 's in . steven what , even Andy ? gary you better believe it big ball . steven Andy be go drink ? with you ? gary with we . think about it , go back to the old town , sink a few pint - steven twelve pint . gary yeah . steven twelve pint be insane . gary I know ! steven what be this all about , Gary ? int . very nice house - day Gary be lie on a sofa with he foot up . gary it 's about closure . why should get older affect something as important as friendship ? a lot 's change since then Oliver . ( continued ) 13 . continued : Gary talk to the older Oliver , dress in a business suit , hold a clipboard . he stare back at Gary . oliver for some of we , yes . gary this be a chance to take stock . oliver a stock take ? you make it sound so much fun . gary come on o - man . be not that something you would like ? oliver what I would really like be for you to take you dm off that sofa . gary listen , if you be worried about I , do not be . I be here to tell you , Gary King be back on the horse . oliver you be back on the horse ? gary I mean I be back on the bike . oliver what be bike ? gary what do you mean ? oliver what be bike slang for ? gary bicycle ? oliver I be lose . gary do not be . oliver oh , alright then . ( continued ) continued : 14 . ( 2 ) gary look , this be we chance to finally finish what we start . C ’mon man , it will be fuck mental ! young lady ( 0.s. ) um ... I think we be all do . we see a young couple . they may have be here for a while . Oliver suddenly switch into estate agent mode . the young oliver how do you like the property ? young lady it 's really lovely . it 's just - young man it 's a little bit out of we price range . gary he 'il knock some off . how much be it ? young man one point two million . gary fuck I . run ! couple leave . Oliver turn to Gary . not happy . oliver Gary , w.t.f .? gary it 's good to see you too o - man . oliver Gary , please do not call I o - man . gary sure . hey , how 's you sister ? oliver she 's fine . gary do she ever talk about I ? oliver no . ( continued ) continued : 15 . ( 3 ) gary so , Friday , we will go down together . make a road trip of it , I will drive . oliver do not think I can . I be pretty sure I have a doctor 's appointment . gary yeah you do . with Dr. ink ! y'know , Dr. ink ? d-r- I oliver yes ' drink ' I get it . gary you gotta come . it would not be the same without the o - man . oliver Jesus . gary look , you can see the guy , see how they be do . tell they how you be do . hey , you never know , you might make it to the end this time . oliver and Andy 's definitely go ? gary yep. oliver Andy knightley ? gary totes. oliver and you convinced he , how ? int . law office - morning a brush knightley steel nameplate read ' beckingham , Davies & llb ' . a secretary push through a glass door where we find Andy behind a desk in a impressive office space . secretary Mr. knightley . you have a friend to see you . ( continued ) 16 . continued : Gary can be see in the lobby , pop the top off a aspirin bottle and neck a mouthful of pill . Andy 's face fall . andy no , I do not . int . andy'' office - moment later a stern Andy observe Gary swiveling in a chair . gary this be a bit grow up be not it ? andy yup. gary saw the guy the other day . andy do you ? gary o - man , stevie - baby , the petertron . andy yes , I remember the name of we childhood friend . gary we have ourselves a little idea . we be go back . to Newton Haven - andy that 's a joke , right ? gary five guy . twelve pub . fifty pint . andy sixty . gary steady on , you fuck alky . andy I have not have a drink for sixteen year . ( continued ) continued : 17 . gary you must be thirsty then . ( off Andy 's glare ) come on , we can catch up , chew the fat , it will be just like it always be , except this time we be go to finish it once and for all . andy you have a very selective memory , Gary . gary thanks . andy you remember the Friday night . I remember the Monday morning . gary that 's why we be go back on a Friday . andy Gary , why do you think none of we live in Newton Haven anymore ? because it 's a black hole . it 's boring and it always be and it always will be . gary it 's only boring because we be not there . andy it 's pointless argue with you . gary exactly . so come . I be pick everyone up from High wycombe station , Friday , 3 o'clock sharp . andy no , Gary . gary do not tell I , you have to check with the missus ? andy no , actually , I do not have to check with the missus . ( continued ) continued : 18 . ( 2 ) Andy stand up . point to the door . Gary nod , gary what be you do ? andy show you the door . gary be that a door ? it do not have a lintel . and it 's glass . so be ita window or be it a door ? I guess it 's a windoor . you can have that . andy please leave Gary . stand and put a envelope on the desk . gary six hundred be not it ? oh , by the way ... andy what ? gary think you should know . mum die . andy when ? gary few week ago . the Big ... Cancer . andy I be sorry . gary with mum die , I have be think about the old day . about that night . I love the boy like brother , Andy , but when all 's say and do , you be the best friend I ever have . it be good to see you , mate . Gary extend a hand to say goodbye . Andy look at it . 19 . int . overland train station - day a train pull up . Peter cautiously step onto the platform . Steven appear from the next carriage and walk over . steven Peter ? peter thank god . I have a horrible feel I be go to be the only one here . steven I reckon that 's not the last horrible feel you will have today . peter this can not be happen . can it ? steven you say it , mate . they share warm if awkward hug and pleasantry . steven what the hell be we do ? oliver ( 0.s. ) what we always do . Oliver approach , a mini-suitcase trail behind he . oliver follow Gary King into almost certain oblivion . Peter and Steven greet Oliver . oliver do not we decide to stop call he fearless leader somewhere around 1992 ? peter Old habit die hard . steven we will be put that on Gary 's tombstone . ( continued ) 20 . continued : oliver no we will not . Gary 's go to outlive we all . steven that would be funny if it be not true . Peter notice Oliver look quizzically at he and Steven . peter what ? oliver I be just try to figure out which of we be the biggest idiot for come . a whistle . they turn to see Andy stand on the next platform . he wear the resign look of a condemn man . ext . overland train station - later the station clock read ' 3.57 ' . Andy , Oliver , Steven and Peter sit on they bag . they check they watch . peter maybe he 's have a accident . sorry Andy . andy it 's fine . Gary have a accident would actually be the best outcome for we all . include Gary . the beast come tear in . Matt black . belch fume . ' there 's no other Way ' by blur blaring from the stereo . Gary park and bound over to the other , excitedly . gary oh yes ! look at this cunt . andy you be late . gary no I be not . andy it 's almost 4 , you say 3 . gary yeah , 3 for 4 . ( continued ) 21 . continued : andy you know you problem Gary ? you be never wrong . gary how be that a problem ? Gary throw the bag into the boot of the Beast . peter I can not believe you buy another granada mk2 . gary what do you mean ? peter this look exactly like the car I sell you in 1989 . gary this be the car you sell I in 1989 . best 300 quid I ever spend . peter this be the Beast ? gary pretty much . she 's have a bit of work do . New suspension , brake , exhaust , seat , wheel , panell , carburettor , manifold - well , the whole engine really - other than that , it 's the same old motor . oliver one might say a antique . gary then what say we get this antique on the roadshow ? the clock chime four time . Gary beam , oblivious . gary cc’mon you bellend . we be go to be late . int . the beast - moment later the gang sit cramped in the car . Gary try to start it . ( continued ) 22 . continued : gary and we be back . the five musketeer . steven Three musketeer be not it ? peter four if you count D ’artagnan . gary well nobody really know how many there be do they ? History 's a sketchbook . oliver you know Three musketeer be a fiction ? written by Alexandre Dumas ? gary well , a lot of people be say that about the Bible now . steven that it be write by Alexandre Dumas ? gary do not be daft , it be write by Jesus . anyway , five sound better . they miss a trick only have three . two of they could have die and you would still have three leave . andy be we there yet ? the engine finally roar to life . Gary hit the gas . ext . / int . the motorway / the beast - afternoon the Beast roar along the m-whatever . ' I be free ' by the Soup dragon blast from the stereo . Gary sing along . steven Soup dragon ! have not hear this in year . I put this on a tape for you do not I ? gary yeah . this be it . ( continued ) continued : steven this be the tape ? gary yeah ! steven where do you find it ? gary in the tape player . we see a sign say ' SERVICES ' . gary anyone hungry ? they pass the safest point to exit for ' SERVICES ' , gary I need a piss actually . 23. but then - screech . Gary swerve off the motorway at a hairy speed . ext . motorway SERVICES - later the other wait around . the atmosphere be stilted . steven this be a long piss . oliver if it be a piss . might be a little - ( mime snort line ) peter poo ? oliver how be that a poo ? steven still work for you old man , Pete ? peter I be a partner now . how about you ? steven yeah , start my own firm in ' 98 . get buy out in ' 05 . I be happier though . it 's less stress . olly ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : oliver property . I co - manage a little boutique estate agency in North London . Oliver produce a number of business card and hand they to Andy , Peter and Steven who pocket they out of politeness . oliver very competitive . peter be it family law you be in , Andy ? andy corporate . peter do anyone know what Gary 's do ? andy he 's play ' need for speed ' . over there . Andy point towards a amusement arcade where Gary be enthusiastically play a drive game . peter he have not change have he ? andy I do not know . he do finally pay I back that £ 600 . oliver oh really ? he borrow 200 from I . steve and I . they all look at Peter . he sigh . ext . / int . the motorway / the beast - afternoon the gang be back on the road . Andy be furious . andy I can not believe you would do that ! what be I say ? of course I can . it 's just robbing Peter to pay Paul . ( continued ) 25 . continued : gary I borrow it from Peter to pay you . I still owe Paul . Andy glare at Gary . he be oblivious to they scorn . int . the beast - later " step on ' by the happy monday blare as the Beast roar downhill past the ' welcome to Newton Haven 's sign . gary oh shit . Newton Haven . we see a nondescript sprawl in the valley below . gary take a moment to look upon it in its original colour boy , for tonight we paint it red . the Beast roar past a motorcycle cop . immediately - police siren whoop . the motorcycle cop pull they over . gary fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck . Gary pat he pocket madly . the other look horrify . gary oh no , wait , it 's alright . I do it all at the service . knock knock . the motorcycle cop tap on the driver 's window . Gary wind it down and turn off the stereo . motorcycle cop know why I pull you over , sir ? gary Music too loud ? motorcycle cop you leave brake light be faulty . gary argh . the old brake light ! so call because they break all the time . i’1l get it sort officer . motorcycle cop can I see you license , sir ? ( continued ) continued : 26 . gary yes. no. wait . it 's in my wallet . and I leave that in the bloody gym ! motorcycle cop any other form of identification ? gary no , it 's all in my sport bag . typical . i’1l happily give you my name and address if you need to run I through the old system . motorcycle cop go on then . gary it 's Peter page . and it 's 48 Bishop 's garden , London , n2 112 . the cop return to he bike . the other furiously whisper . oliver Jesus , Gary ! w.t.f .? peter why do you give he my name ? gary I be not give he my name be I ? peter what if I get do by the police ? gary you will not get do by the police . andy Gary , he will check the number - plate against he name ! the motorcycle cop return . they all shut up . motorcycle cop so Mr. page , what bring you to Newton Haven ? gary we be all from here . back to see the sight . have a crack at the Golden mile . might get messy . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) motorcycle cop well , make sure you get that brake light fix , Peter and do not make too much mess . gary we will not ! Gary drive off . stun silence . peter I - I do not understand . gary it 's simple , Pete . the car 's still register to you , have be since " 89 . peter but I have move house three time since then . gary I know , I change the log book , I have do this load of time . where do you think all that point come from ? seriously . you guy need to relax . ext . the b&b - day the Beast be park outside a modest bed and Breakfast . Steven , Oliver and Peter walk towards the entrance with they bag . Andy , still fume , retrieve he belonging . andy do you know how much trouble you could get into ? gary do you know how much trouble I be in ? andy what 's that suppose to mean ? what the hell be this , Gary ? why be we even here ? gary we be here to get annihilate . 28 . int . the b&b - day a kindly landlady watch as the boy fill in form . landlady do you have plan for dinner ? Gary take a tourist map from a display , open it out . gary tonight , we will be partake of a liquid repast as we wend we way up the Golden mile , commence with a inaugural tankard at the first Post then onto the Old familiar , the famous cock , the Cross hand , the good companion , the trusty servant , the two headed Dog , the mermaid , the beehive , the King 's head and the hole in the Wall for a measure of the same , all before that last bitter sweet pint in that most fateful terminus , the World 's end . leave a light on good lady , for though we may return with a twinkle in we eye , we will , in truth be blind ... drunk . the landlady stare at Gary . int . b&b. bedroom 1 - day Andy sit on he bed . we hear bang from another room . int . b&b. bedroom 2 - day Steven flick through the tv channel . more bang . int . b&b. bedroom 3 - day Oliver be lay out some clothes onto the bed . gary ( 0.s. ) oh come on ! int . b&b. bedroom 4 - day Peter frown at the noise come from Gary 's room . ( continued ) 29 . continued : gary ( 0.s. ) fuck it ! int . b&b. corridor - day all four peer out of they room . Gary emerge livid . gary no mini-bar ! steven be not we just about to drink twelve pint of beer ? gary fuck I , he 's keen . let 's boo-boo . ext . street of newton haven - day ' so Young ' by suede play as the group swagger along in slowmo . various passersby regard they with mild indifference . Newton Haven in all its underwhelm glory : floral display , ring road , neat avenue . they walk past five teenage boy and see a reflection of they former selve . Gary nod to they , as if they have something in common . Gary ring someone 's doorbell and run off , force the other to do the same . Gary laugh , they do not . ext . the first post - moment later Gary poise , one foot up on a picnic table like a tour guide . gary until 1840 - andy for fuck 's sake . gary - this building be the site of Newton Haven 's first Post Office . then a enterprise business fellow decide that , far from benefit matter of the send and receive of mail , it be better suite as a humble tap - room where one could get twatted . ( continued ) 30 . continued : Gary nod sagely and open the door with a flourish to - int . the first post - continuous - the shittiest chain pub you have ever see . it 's completely without charm or atmosphere . Gary smile . gary it 's like déja vu . peter I do not remember this at all . have it be refurbish ? steven must have be buy by a chain . oliver yes , it 's part of that nationwide initiative to rob small , charming pub of any discernible character . steven starbuck , man . it 's happen everywhere . gary can not take away that smell though . andy I be sure they try . they walk to the bar . there be few patron present . Gary approach publican 1 with a expectant smile . gary good evening raymondo . the prodigal son return . the publican do not seem to recognise Gary . gary who 's on the guest list tonight ? publican 1 come again ? gary the guest ale . we be do the Golden mile and you sir , have the honour of draw first blood . what do you recommend ? ( continued ) continued : publican 1 there 's one . crown glory . gary Rather fitting . publican 1 why 's that ? gary I be Gary King . publican 1 what ? Gary continue , not phase . gary so tell I more . publican 1 about what ? gary crown glory . be it hoppy ? be it nutty ? be it foamy ? do it have a surprisingly fruity note that linger on the tongue ? publican 1 it 's beer . gary mmmmmm , we will have five of that then . andy four . and one tap water . gary you fuck what ?! int . the first post . table - later the group sit at the same table from the prologue . 31 . Gary look at Andy sip he water and shake he head . gary I can not believe this , a man of you legendary prowess drink fuck rain . it 's like see a lion eat some hummus . ( continued ) continued : 32 . oliver that do not make any sense . gary I know it do not make any sense . andy you seriously have a problem with I not drink , after what happen ? gary I do not but King Arthur do ! oliver ooh this will be good . andy what 's King Arthur get to with it ? gary do you think King Arthur would have come back from the Battle of hastings , fuck rock up at Arthur 's Castle - oliver camelot . gary - go to the bar and order a tap water ? steven no , because they would not have have run water in arthurian time . gary exactly . he would have order a mead . the King Arthur of beer . peter mead 's a honey wine be not it ? andy and I be less of a man because I choose to drink water ? gary it 's a bit ' ooh ducky 's innit ? peter that 's not very PC , Gary . ( continued ) continued : 33 . ( 2 ) gary get out of the ninety mate . andy listen there 's nothing ' ooh ducky 's about be teetotal , about walk into a pub after a rubgy match and order a tap water at a bar pack with big ugly bastard wear war paint . that Gary , take confidence . I be talk ball . gary you say it , poof . andy I do not know if you have notice this but we be not teenager anymore . I mean , god forbid you ever have child , because if - gary I might have kid . andy then you have better be ready to take responsibilty - gary no . I mean I might have kid . Andy and the other look lose . gary remember Karen eggerton who I ... ( euphemistic gesture ) ... fuck ? she be two week late when she family emigrate to normandy . never hear from she again . she might have have a baby . imagine that ? a french kid . andy it 's pointless argue with you . gary to kid . wherever they may be . Gary toast and drain he Bud . gary come on . let 's boo-boo . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 3 ) steven " boo-boo " . what be that ? gary you remember ? " let 's boo-boo " . on the wall of Mr. shepherd 's classroom , it use to say ' exit , pursue by bear ' , y'know , from the Shakespeare play ? steven na Winter 's Tale ' . gary yeah . what be it call ? steven na Winter 's Tale ' . gary that 's it . when we need to make a quick getaway we would go ' exit , pursue by bear ' then ' exit , pursue by Yogi bear ' , then ' let 's Yogi and boo-boo ' , then ' let 's boo - boo ' . steven so you be say we should go ? gary yeah . it 's shit here innit ? ext . the old familiar - later Gary lead the march to the next water hole . gary ah. the Old familiar . now this be a pub . int . the old familiar - moment later they enter the second shittiest pub you have ever see . there be literally no difference between this and the previous one . oliver now I have déja vu . Gary walk off toward the bar and hail the publican . ( continued ) 35 . continued : gary David my man , have you hear the news ? Gary King be back in town . publican 2 who 's he ? int . the old familiar - later still tick tock . the group sit around the table in solemn silence . peter how be the funeral , Gary ? andy you mum 's funeral ? gary it 's difficult to put into word . but if I have to choose three , I would say ' really , really sad ' . wait , that 's two . how about ' really , very sad ' ? lot of people wear black . lot of hat . like a wedding , but where someone 's dead . andy it 's a shame , she be a good woman . I like you mum . gary yeah . I too . Oliver pipe up loudly and unprompted . oliver hello . gary hello mate . oliver be you here ? gary I have be here for age . Oliver shush Gary . indicate he 's on he earpiece . oliver you get lose on the ring - road again ? this be Newton Haven . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 36 . oliver ( cont 'd ) what time be you meeting the twin ? we be all at the Old familiar . come by if you want . Oliver glance at Gary , who 's listen intently . oliver yeah , he be . okay . see you soon . gary who be that , o - man ? oliver do not call I o - man , Gary and if you must know it be Sam . gary & steven Sam 's here ? oliver be there a fuck echo ? yes , Sam 's here . she 's down from Manchester . we be drive to mum 's tomorrow . steven and Sam 's come here now ? gary calm down Steve , I see she first . oliver oh for fuck 's sake , not this . steven be you fuck kid I ? I see she first . wow , you really have a selective memory do not you ? gary someone else be say that . andy yeah , I . gary no . I would have remember . steven I tell you I have a thing about Sam then you proceed to try and get in she pants at every opportunity . ( continued ) continued : 37 . ( 2 ) oliver guy please - steven you only like she after you find out I like she ! gary that 's right , you do cabaret at school because she be in it and she wear that fishnet tight and you get a big old boner on stage . oliver Jesus Christ - — gary do not matter anyway , I think she have a massive wide on for adrian keane . steven I hate that prick . oliver can we not talk about my sister in relation to a ) massive wide on and b) Steven 's erect penis ? gary of course . be she still fit though ? oliver I be not go to answer that . gary be she though ? SAM ( 0.s. ) be I what ? SAM enter . she 's 38 and yes , she 's still - gary fit. Steven stand up , like a gentleman . steven hi Sam . SAM Steve ? you have grow have not you ? ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 3 ) gary yeah , sideways . SAM you look fantastic . gary steroid . SAM hi Pete , Andy , wow long time . alright big brother ? she ruffle Oliver 's hair . her smile fade - SAM Gary . gary Wilkommen . Bienvenue . welcome . steven Sam . would you like a drink ? gary slow down ! she 's only just here . Gary shake he head at Steven . then - gary Sam . would you like a drink ? SAM vodka tonic thanks Steven . I be just go to nip to the loo . she leave . Gary chuckle then follow she to the toilet . SAM what be you do ? gary what be you do ? SAM I be go to the toilet . gary well then , so be I . SAM Gary ! you be out of you mind ! ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 4 ) gary what be you talk about ? you give I the sign . SAM what sign ? gary you go to the toilet . SAM be you serious ? I have not see you in twenty year and you think I be go to have sex with you in the lady ' toilet . gary well the disabled ' be out of order . SAM Gary . what happen ? gary I do not know , maybe one of they put too many paper towel down the toilet . we do not really know what they be think . SAM no . what happen to you ? gary nothing . nothing happen to I . I be the same old Gary . SAM no shit . gary so , d' you wanna ? Sam slap Gary . very hard . int . the old familiar - minute later Gary be back at the table . Sam return . SAM Oliver . I will see you later . ( continued ) 40 . continued : steven you be go ? oliver I think you be not meeting the twin for another half hour ? SAM I be not . Sam put a sign on the table in front of Gary . SAM I believe this be yours . Sam exit . Gary pick up the sign . '' out of order '' . gary out of order . it 's a private joke . Gary laugh it off and pocket the sign . oliver I do not want to know . ext . street of newion haven - later the guy walk to the next pub . they pass a obtrusive bronze sculpture in the centre of the park . it 's a Henry Moore -like humanoid figure but with long jag limb . steven what the hell be that ? andy modern art . peter it 's a memorial be not it ? oliver yeah . to modern art . gary hey , what time be it ? andy Christ , it 's not even six . gary wrong ! it 's high time we get onto the cock ! ( continued ) 41 . continued : Gary run on ahead to ' the famous cock ' . the other eye roll . int . the famous cock - moment later ' fool gold ' by the Stone rose be play . the gang linger at the bar . Gary be try to get serve . gary when you be ready , mate . publican 3 serve another customer first . gary oh shit . look who it be . Gary point to a griz*le old drinker from the prologue . he be at the bar , drink he lager through a crazy straw . andy basil . gary mad basil ! d' you remember ? we use to sit in here for hour and listen to he crazy storey about ufo and lizard people and underwater Nazis . oliver do not he spout some bullshit about the bermuda triangle actually be a square ? steven no , he say it be two isoscele triangles form a rhombus . gary he be you best mate be not he Steve ? steven he be not my best mate . he be just a lonely , old man and I feel sorry for he . gary that 's right . ( shout ) basil ! basil turn around . Gary wave and point at the group . basil either do not remember they or choose not to . ( continued ) 42 . continued : andy maybe we be not the local legend you think we be . publican 3 ( 0.s. ) Gary King ? gary speak for yourself . publican 3 you be bar . the publican indicate a wall of shame . we see photo of angry drunk . among they a smile young Gary , thumb aloft . ext . the famous cock - moment later the group leave , with Gary shouting back through the door . gary c'mon , this be fuck ridiculous . peter have two in the next one . andy he can have they all in the next one , for all I care . gary we have get to have one in every pub or the whole thing 's fuck . oliver I would say it be fairly fuck already . they leave Gary behind . he spot three glass of lager on a picnic table , the sum of the dregs add up to a pint . we hear the Stone rose sing " foooo000l 's gold " . andy how much more of this do we have to endure ? steven that be three . there 's nine more . oliver oh good . ( continued ) 43 . continued : andy fuck this . I need to eat something . peter we could get something in the next pub . steven as long as it 's reasonably healthy . oliver this be Newton Haven . not exactly the heart of the organic revolution . steven I doubt it 's the heart of anything ? andy my wife want we to go organic , problem be , I like eat shit . Gary be suddenly back with they and run on ahead . gary the next pub do shit ! keep up ! angle on the picnic table , the three glass , now empty . int . the cross hand - evening this pub be much busier and seem friendlier . the gang sit sip they drink and eat chunky chip . steven I remember this one . gary we have New Year 's here . peter " 89 into ' 90 . oliver be not that when you fall asleep on the pool table , Andy ? andy I believe it be . oliver for six hour . ( continued ) 44 , continued : they all smile and laugh in recollection . Gary spot the same five teenage boy at the pool table . gary yeah and when you wake up , we tell you it be 1991 and you get all freak out and punch a clock . peter that be a great night . andy do not you manage to get off with erica leek , Peter ? peter I do . something of a personal triumph , if I say so myself . oliver she of the marmalade sandwich fame ? peter the very same . oliver erika leek , Tracy benson and Becky Salt . two blond and a redhead in the middle . gary the marmalade sandwich . andy ( in reverie ) Becky Salt . fuck . peter wonder what they be do now . oliver why do not you ask they ? andy what do you mean ? oliver well sit at that table over there be two blond with a redhead in the middle . gary shut the fuck up . ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) sitting with they back to they be three woman : two with blonde hair , one with red . we can not see they face . oliver I would say that 's erica leek on the leave , Tracy benson on the right and by process of elimination , Becky Salt in the middle . the marmalade sandwich . all grow up . peter that be very spooky . gary let 's get they over . Gary stand to go over , Andy pull he back down . andy no let 's not get they over . I do not want to see a old Becky Salt . I have the young model permanently store up here for special occasion . gary gym kit ? andy School uniform . gary classic . Gary again stand to call they over . Andy yank he down . andy sit the fuck down and leave the past where it be . it 's bad enough have to look at you old mug . Becky Salt ? I will stick with the 20th century version , thank you . gary you make it sound like we be ancient . we have not change that much . sure , Steve 's let himself go but Pete 's get the same haircut and o - man still have he Mark of the - ( see Oliver 's forehead ) oh no , he have not . ( continued ) continued : 46 . ( 3 ) oliver it 's call laser surgery , Gary . it 's a small price to pay for not be call fuck o - man . oh and I hear it work for sister of mercy tattoo too . gary I still like sister of mercy . oliver well , you would have to , would not you ? otherwise you would never go swim again . gary I be lose . oliver do not be . peter well , I for one , think it 's nice to see the old face . voice ( 0.s. ) Excuse I ? a burly man ( 40s ) approach Peter and gesture to a chair . burly man be this chair take ? Peter 's mouth hang open . he do not reply . gary have it mate . burly man fank . the burly man leave with the chair . Peter watch he go . oliver be not that - peter Shane hawkins . steven wait , do not he - ( continued ) continued : 47 . ( 4 ) peter yes he do . gary what happen with Shane hawkins again ? peter I would rather not dredge it all up again , if that 's okay . gary come on man , you can tell we . bottle up past trauma can lead to inadequate cope strategy in later life ... apparently . peter I do not know , it 's not even about the past . it 's not about the fact that he bully I , that he make I miss more school day than chicken pox . its not that he force I to spend entire lesson hide in a toilet cubicle , or that he punch I so hard he dislodge my eyeball . it 's not even that he ruin a large portion of my childhood . Gary 's attention drift to a table of teens , down shot . peter it 's the fact that just then , he look straight through I , like it all mean nothing . probably sound weird do not it ? gary ( 0.s. ) shot ! Gary return with five full shot glass . gary s-h-o-t-s. Shots . andy what be you do , Gary ? gary I think it be obvious . Shots . ( continued ) continued : 48 . ( 5 ) andy firstly , Peter be talk about something that clearly make he uncomfortable . peter it 's alright , Andy . andy it 's not alright , Peter . secondly 12 pint be more than enough and thirdly , I don ’t fucking drink !! gary yeah , but shot do not count - — andy Gary , you say you want to catch up and chew the fat . I think you just want to drink it . you do not want we here as you friend . we be just you fuck enabler . gary enabler . that 's a funny word . " Gary King and the enabler 's . that 's a good name for the new band , Steve . write that down . steven do not do a Gary , Gary . gary be that a thing ? oliver it 's always be a thing . andy you do not need we to get fuck up , you have do a perfectly good job so far . for the first time , Gary have no comeback . andy I be go to see if there 's a bus go back to London if anyone want to come with I . gary you can not go . tonight 's special , it 's we anniversary , man . ( continued ) continued : 49 . ( 6 ) oliver no it 's not . the first time we do this it be June . it 's October . gary well it 's the anniversary of the year be not it . oliver every year be the anniversary of a year ! gary exactly , and this be only the fourth pub ! andy what if it 's the twelfth ? what 's the difference ? it 's not the same anymore Gary and it be not that the town 's change , we have change . Gary check the time on he phone . put it on the table . gary the bus be finish . andy then we will go back to the b&b . you come ? peter could use a early one actually . oliver I should go and find Sam . steven might see if there 's a gym at the b&b . work this shit off . andy that 's settle then . gary you know what ? I think you be jealous . you get you house and car and you wife and you kid and you job security . but you do not have what I have . freedom . you be all slave and I be free to do what I want . any old time . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 7 ) andy and this be what you want ? you wanna grow up mate . join society . Gary try to articulate himself . but can only manage - gary it 's ... it 's just .... mum die ... andy I know and we be all sorry but now it 's time to go home . gary I think we be home . Gary , rob of all vitality , stand and walk to the toilet . peter I can not help feel sorry for he . brrrrr brrrrr . Gary 's mobile vibrate on the table . andy do not . we see the caller id on Gary 's phone . it read '' mum '' . int . pub toilet - continuous Gary walk towards the urinal , slip in some piss . ina rage , he go to punch the wall , but stop , notice a exist crack in the tile . he trace he finger along it . the door open . one of the five teens join at the urinal . gary careful , the floor 's all pissy . be not I . no reply . Gary point at the crack in the tile . gary that be I . do that back in ' 90 . 1990 . punched the shit out the wall . can not remember why . seem important at the time . no reply . gary you look like you be have a good night though . ( continued ) 51 . continued : the teen look at he impassively . gary I be do the Golden mile . you guy want to tag along ? we will be like the six musketeer . the Teen do not answer . he walk to the wash basin . gary I say I be do the Golden mile . the Teen still do not answer . he just wash he hand . gary you think you be so cool do not you ? but you know what ? we be cooler . we own this town . we paved the way for you lot . blaze a trail - the Teen ignore Gary and walk to the hand dryer . gary look at I when I be talk to you ! Gary shove the Teen on the shoulder . the Teen turn and stare at Gary with unnerve calm , he face blank . teen please do not . gary do not what . Gary childishly shove the Teen again . teen you do not want to do that . gary oh do not I ? Gary go to shove a third time . the Teen swat the hand away and in one fluid moment , hit the button on the hand dryer and grab gary by the face . the roar of the air mask the noise of the struggle . a shocked Gary twist free , more in panic than with poise and push the Teen against the wall . the Teen recover with alarming speed , grab Gary and hurl he across the toilet , with surprising strength . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) Gary smashes a mirror with he face . in the crack reflection , Gary see the teen stride towards he . Gary fling himself at the Teen in a graceless rugby tackle . the pair stagger backwards , slip in the piss and fall against the back wall . the teen hit the tile and - he head come clean off ! the decapitate head bounce across the floor , spin to a stop , eye stare at Gary . the dryer stop . there be no blood , only a oily blue fluid leak from the neck . Gary , shocked beyond reason clutches the headless body like a lover . the severe head stare back . it blink . then - andy ( 0.s. ) you need to explain this now ! a furious Andy burst in , brandish Gary 's phone . gary but he ... Andy be so focus on Gary he fail to see the whole scene . andy do not change the subject ! gary I can not ... Steven , Peter and Oliver burst in to break up the fight . they see the headless body immediately and be dumbfounded . andy you know who I just speak to ? you mum ! and not from the afterlife . from fuck bournemouth . steven Andy - andy she say she have not speak to you for eight month . gary but , he head - andy no Gary , you can not wriggle out of this one - ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 3 ) the headless body jerk into life . Gary scream like a girl , jump up and throw the body down . he kick the decapitate head back into the corner . then - the headless teen slowly stand up and face the group , more blue fluid leak out all over the floor . oliver w.t.f ! the door behind open . the four other teenage boy come in . Gary and the gang look at the blank face of the boy . then - teen 2 hit the hand dryer . again , the roar signal - attack ! teen 3 pounce on Steve , try to grab he face . Peter be knock back into a urinal in the m ™l oe . teens 2 , 4 & 5 attack Andy , Gary and Oliver , try to grab they face . they be relentless , with dead eye expression . the headless teen 1 also grab Andy from behind . as Steve and Andy struggle , Oliver be knock back against the wall . he flail against the death grip of he attacker with such force that he end up climb the wall , try to get purchase against the robotic teen 2 . Gary meanwhile rip the arm off the teen attack he ( teen 4 ) . it pop out of its socket like a action figure . the dismembered limb continue to flail , still alive . Steve knock he combatant ( teen 3 ) into a urinal , break it and the teen 's pelvis . the urinal collapse , knock Peter over . Blue fluid mix with the urine on the floor . Steven skid around tussling with he opponent . Andy keep he opponent at bay . his anger build until he break out some wrestle move against the automaton . he kick teen 5 into a sink and break it into two break piece , then smashes the headless teen 1 back into the wall behind , before breaking its back over he knee . he throw the now break teen through the door of the toilet cubicle . Oliver have now flip over he attacker and bring he to the floor . Andy drop a elbow on the teen 2 , smashing he head into piece . it be hollow , break like a bauble . Gary fight the armless teen 4 : beating it with its own miss limb . he knock the teen to the floor , stamp on its chest and break off the second arm . he then wail on its head with the severe limb . the head break into piece . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 4 ) soon the floor of the bathroom be litter with severe limb , smashed head and blue fluid leak everywhere . the dryer turn off . the five man hyperventilate in a symphony of wheeze . they speak in hoarse staccato whisper . oliver w.t.f. Gary . w.t.f ... gary what the fuck do w.t.f. mean ? peter this can not be happen . can it ? steven you say it mate . andy I can not believe it ... I can not believe you lie about you mum ! gary it be a white lie ! andy how be that a white lie ? gary because she 's not dead be she ? Andy flail at Gary in a exhaust assault . Steven and Oliver break it up and all four collapse in a heap . Peter run to the bathroom door . before he can open it - gary wait ! Pete , where be you go ? peter to get help . gary do not do that ! peter do not get help ? Gary stand and pace . look at the dismembered teens . gary let 's just think a second . we do not know how far this go . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 5 ) on this , everyone immediately produce they phone . gary hang on , who be you call ? peter my wife . gary why ? peter because she 's my wife . andy you just say we do not know how far this go . gary I be just think about the pub . andy well there 's a surprise . peter I can not get through . steven can you get hold of Sam ? oliver I have full bar and I be not get through . Oliver hold up he phone , we hear a well spoken voice . the voice I be sorry you call can not be connect at this time . andy must be the network . Gary look at the body on the floor . gary Holy shit . this be all connect . Gary whirl around , energise . gary this explain why everything 's go fuck up . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 6 ) gary ( cont 'd ) everyone 's be replace by this thing . that 's why no - one recognise I , basil , Dave , raymondo . I think it be weird . peter Shane hawkins . gary exactly . it 's not we that 's change , it 's the town . I be right be not I ? Andy ? be not I right ? andy you be never wrong . steven whatever the fuck 's go on , we can not stay in the gent forever . ten people have enter this toilet in the last five minute and not a single one have come back out again . that 's go to look suspicious . gary Gay sex . peter and that 's worse than five dead body ? oliver this be Newton Haven . ext . / int . pub toilet / lounge bar - moment later the toilet door creak open and Gary peek into the see the publican , a few customer . everything seem steven how 's it look ? gary normal . I do not like it . oliver what do we do ? gary we finish we drink . 56 . bar . we fine . ( continued ) continued : 57 . Gary hang the ' out of order ' sign on the door . he then lead he shell - shocked companion back to they table . they converse conspiratorially , cover they mouth . gary okay , let 's neck this and get the fuck out of here . steven to London ? gary to the trusty servant . oliver be you fuck kid ? Gary whip out he tourist map . gary oh yeah , the good companion be next . I always mix that two up . peter you be say we go to the next pub ? steven we should get in the Beast and drive back to London ! gary my brake light 's break . steven so do not use the brake ! gary I be way over the limit . oliver when have that ever stop you ? gary I do not want to put any more point on Pete 's license . steven Andy can drive , he 's teetotal ! all eye go to Andy , just as he polish off the last of the five shot . he smack he lip with grim resignation . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) andy what ? gary that 's settle then . the last thing we need be to get pull over . a ) we be all drunk . B ) the cop might be in on it and C ) we have get blood on we hand . Gary hold up he blue stain palm . peter it 's more like ink . gary we have get ink on we hand . male voice ( 0.s. ) so , have it get messy yet ? it 's the motorcycle cop from earlier . Gary hide he palm . gary whuh ? motorcycle cop what be you , five pub in ? peter four . motorcycle cop not even halfway ? plenty of fun to be have . enjoy you night Peter . peter thanks . the motorcycle cop look suspiciously at Peter . gary thanks . the motorcycle cop walk over to the bar and talk to the publican . the gang be freak out , but Gary remain stoic . gary the way I see it , we tell everyone we be do the Golden mile tonight . ( more ) ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 3 ) gary ( cont 'd ) if we suddenly get in the Beast and head for the hill , they will know we know but if we keep do what we be do and go where we be go , they will not know . peter know what ? gary that we know . I say we do what we come here to do and quietly slip away in the morning . oliver wait . you be really suggest - andy ( 0.s. ) we finish the Golden mile . all look to Andy again . he gulp the dregs of Peter 's pint . andy it 's pointless argue with he . let 's boo- boo . ext . street of newion haven - dusk a blood -re sunset hang over Newton Haven as the five lad walk down the street to ' Alabama song ' by the Doors . gary we be five friend . on a night out . have a great time . the friend march onward with paint smile . the same various passersby from earlier look at the gang , fail in they attempt to appear inconspicuous . int . the good companion - moment later the gang approach the bar . Gary hold up five finger . we see they simultaneously down they five pint . as they drink , they look at the blank face patron . they look normal . they look harmless . they look deeply sinister . gary drink . ( continued ) continued : 60 . oliver ahhh . steven beer . andy Pubs . peter drink . gary shall we ? ext . street of newton haven - night it 's dark now and the gang stumble toward the next pub . peter I feel a little uncomfortable drink this much . gary it 's dutch courage be not it ? like when English soldier use to drink dutch gin before battle to give they super strength . oliver I think it be to dull the sense of impending doom . gary exactly . five friend . on a night out . have a good time . int . the trusty servant - moment later the gang be in pub number six , down pint . they finish at different time , with vary degree of difficulty . oliver I need the toilet . gary go on . you have earn it . oliver what ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : gary you be do a great job . Oliver stumble to the toilet . Gary smile proudly . gary he do not make it this far last time . I be proud of he . andy you be enjoy this be not you ? gary yeah , like I say , five friend , on a night out . have a good time . andy pretend to have a good time . gary be you pretend ? andy if we make it out of here alive , I be go to kill you . steven we be still in the dark , Gary . peter yeah , we family could be in danger for all we know . gary I know , my mum could be dead . for real this time . Andy 's glass shatter in he hand . gary look , why do not I just ask someone what 's go on ? steven who ? Gary point to a familiar face ; the shifty looking dealer from the prologue . older , better dress , he hair grey . gary the reverend Green . Gary start to walk over . Andy stop he . ( continued ) continued : 62 . ( 2 ) andy what the fuck be you do ? gary I be go to have a " little chat " with the reverend Green . andy you be go to buy drug ? gary I be go to subtly check whether or not that be the reverend and if it be , we can find out what 's go on ... and possibly buy some drug . steven but what if he 's one of they . gary I and the reverend have a highly sophisticated code when discuss the purchase of narcotic . if he do not understand , it mean he 's one of they and I will walk away . Gary sidle up next to the reverend Green and perform a elaborate sequence of knock on the bar . gary have you get any drug ? the reverend I do not do that anymore Gary . gary do what ? the reverend that . gary that why you be in a suit ? drug deal not good enough for you ? the reverend there be no dealer anymore . I have a proper job in a proper office . gary you have a proper office before . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 3 ) the reverend that be the man 's toilet . gary nothing wrong with do you business in the toilet . the reverend thing have change since you leave . gary I know . the reverend how much do you know ? gary a little . the reverend how much be a little ? gary the town have be take over by robot full of blue stuff . the reverend look around in a panic and hush Gary . the reverend keep you voice down , you have no idea what you be talk about . gary tell we then . the reverend they be not robot . do you even know what robot mean ? gary yeah course , like ... ( robot voice ) hello , I ama robot . the reverend it mean ' slave ' and believe I , they be not slave . gary be you be hold prisoner ? the reverend no , I be very happy . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 4 ) gary tell you face . Andy and Steven join in to whisper conspiratorially . andy what 's go on ? gary there 's be a invasion by robot who be not robot and the rev 's they prisoner . the reverend I be not . steven we be leave first thing . we can get you out of here . the reverend I be not go . this be not what you think . this be all for we benefit . the person next to they at the bar turn and whisper . collaborator 1 you have say too much , trevor . a second person turn and whisper harshly . collaborator 2 yeah , put a cork in it trevor . the reverend I be try to help . collaborator 2 it 's not you place to help . collaborator 1 they will have everything in hand . gary be you guy robot ?? collaborator 1 well the term robot actually come from a old Czech word - collaborator 2 robotnik . ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 5 ) collaborator 1 - meaning slave - collaborator 2 - and we be not slave . collaborator 1 we be very , very happy . collaborator 2 and not ' robot ' . Peter join the bar . peter oh my god , be this guy robot ? the reverend can we shut up about robot ! collaborator 1 I say we shut up about everything ! a GREEN rotary phone ring behind the bar . the publican pick up , listen without speak and hand it to the reverend . publican 6 trevor , it 's you supervisor . the reverend 's shoulder sag . he take the call . we briefly hear a well spoken voice on the other end of the line . voice ( 0.s. ) hello trevor ... reverend yes sir ... but ... I understand . the reverend hand the receiver back to the publican and throw a forlorn look at Gary and company . reverend thanks a bunch . the reverend dejectedly walk off and disappear into the man 's toilet , just as a refresh Oliver emerge . oliver what do I miss ? collaborator 1 you friend try to '' help '' . ( continued ) continued : 66 . ( 6 ) collaborator 2 we do not need '' help '' . andy well what should we do ? collaborator 1 I suggest you get on you way . gary I think we should do what they say . collaborator 2 I think you should do what we say . gary I say that . oliver okay . ext . street of newton haven - evening the gang move through the dark street . a gleeful Gary stride at the front , the other stumbling behind . gary come on ! steven let 's get in and out of here yeah ? no more make new friend . int . the two head dog - evening publican 7 ah gentleman ! the prodigal son return ! what will it be , one of we guest ale perchance ? gary uhhhh ... publican 7 might I recommend five pint of crown glory ? Rather fitting , would not you say , Gary ? gary what ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : the gang stare back at the publican , bemuse . publican 7 it 's a delightful brew : hoppy , nutty , foamy . andy do it have a surprisingly fruity note that linger on the tongue ? publican 7 ah , you be obviously a connoisseur . Andy bark a laugh . if he be sober , it would not be funny . publican 7 then you will already know that it 's a rare treat for rogue , reverend , royalty and all good folk between . oliver mmmmm , five of that , please . publican 7 welcome home boy . at there table , the drunk , confuse gang stare at publican 7 . gary do not remember he be that friendly . steven he 's obviously one of they . gary how can he be ? he remember I . andy we do not know what they remember . oliver maybe they have selective memory . gary yeah , like I . andy maybe he 's one of the other . like the reverend . ( continued ) continued : 68. ( 2 ) oliver it really be hard to tell , be not it . gary be he one of they or one of they ? peter wait , which one be the them ? gary they be both them . but there 's two different way of say it . be he one of they or one of they ? andy we need different term . one for the people who be not robot and one for the robot who be not robot . steven alright , we need to be able to differentiate between they , they and we . peter yeah , I think the pronoun be really confusing . gary I agree . I do not even know what a pronoun be . oliver it 's a word that can function by itself as a noun that refer to something else in the discourse . gary I do not get it . andy you just use one . gary do i? andy yeah . " it " be a pronoun . gary what be ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 3 ) andy it . gary be it ? Andy take a giant swig of he drink . steven look , we just need a word to identify who 's who . he 's a ' blank ' she 's a blank , that two people be definitely ' blank ' . as Steven say this , Sam walk in with the twins . gary / steve Sam . the sight of Sam bring Steven to he foot , but just as he be about to approach she , Gary push he back down . gary I get this , Steve . Gary leave the table and sidle up to Sam at the bar . gary alright Sam ? SAM oh Jesus ! gary how 's you night go ? SAM good . sort of . gary sort of ? SAM I do not know . it 's weird be not it ? you come back and everything 's the same . but sort of ... different . gary different how ? SAM just weird . ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 4 ) gary how weird ? SAM what be you get at Gary ? Gary suddenly bundle Sam off towards the disabled toilet . int . the disabled toilet - continuous Gary slam the door behind they . Sam be incredulous . SAM fuck 's sake Gary , take a hint . gary it 's alright , I be not try to have sex with you . SAM why be we in the disabled toilet then ? gary I need to tell you something right now , unless you do actually want to have sex , in which case I can tell you afterwards . SAM tell I right now . gary do you notice anything creepy about the twin apart from the fact that they be twin ? SAM just because they be twin do not automatically make they creepy . gary do a little bit . SAM you have sex with they . gary no I do not . how do you know that ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : SAM it 's a small town Gary and I be not stupid and well , they tell I . gary okay , I do once , but I be waste , which do make it creepy , because it be like there be four of they . I be not proud . I ama bit . SAM this be what you want to tell I ? gary no , this be .... int . the two head dog - moment later we hear a smack . Sam emerge from the toilet without Gary . the twins be you okay , Sam ? SAM I need a cigarette . Sam walk out to the beer garden . the twin follow . back at the table : the gang be deep in conversation . peter nobot ? andy how about fauxbot ? oliver I think we should get away from the whole robot thing . peter Steven ? Steven see a furtive Gary emerge from the lady . steven what 's he up to ? andy do not worry , he 's probably just try to fuck Oliver 's sister . ( continued ) continued : 72 . oliver ( chuckle ) oh Andy . ext . the Beer garden - moment later Sam and the twin sit at a picnic table . Sam spark up . SAM my god that man be full of shit . I know that 's not a surprise to you . the twins what do he say ? SAM he say Newton Haven have be take over by robot full of blue stuff and if we they will do not do what they say , make we they prisoner . the twins do you believe he ? of course SAM not . the twins do you believe he ? the twin stare . Sam 's smile fade . they look creepy . bam ! Gary knock the oh crumb ! one twin fall flat into a nearby hedge . twin . he push she see ? Sam stand in shock decapitate head in twin over with a fly tackle . SAM on she back , the other go with Gary Sam see he tussle with the flail head down and pop it off . Sam yelp . gary as Gary hold the head aloft . then , the he hand intone calmly . decapitate twin head come on Sam , you know better than to believe Gary King . ( continued ) 73 . continued : Gary smashes the head on the ground into a million piece . before Sam can react , the other twin grab she hair and smack her head on the picnic table . she then yank her hair back , flipping Sam hard onto the grass . the twin then run toward Gary and pounce on he . Gary wrestle with the twin , one with a head , attack , one headless and convulse . gary get off I you creepy bitch . Gary extricate himself from the m ™l 's and shoulder charge one twin into the other , send they both crash through the hedge , through a fence and down a embankment . Gary walk over to Sam and seemingly extend a hand to she . gary Chuck we a ciggie . daze , Sam hand Gary a cigarette . SAM Gary , what 's happen ? gary I tell you in the disabled . SAM yes , you do . he haul she up . they be cover in grass stain and twig . gary we should get inside , people will wonder what the hell 's go on . steven ( 0.s. ) what the hell 's go on ? gary I get this , Steve . SAM get what ? they both turn to see a emotional steven . Gary and Sam look at each other , unsure where to start . steven Sam , he 's not good enough for you . ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 2 ) gary & SAM what ? steven we have be through some crazy shit tonight and it 's really put thing in perspective for I and if it 's all as fuck up as it seem , then there 's something I need to tell you and you might think this be because I have drunk seven pint of lager , but it 's not . I be in love with you Sam , I always have be and it break my heart to see you waste you affection on Gary King . gary that 's a bit harsh . SAM oh no , you have get it all wrong . steven and since I be be honest , just to lay it out , I be currently see a fitness instructor but I - she 's 26 - year - old - but I would drop she in a heartbeat , if I think I have one last chance with you . SAM there 's nothing between I and Gary . wham ! Gary and Sam be thrust apart by the twinbot : a amalgam of the twin in one single body . it possess two leg instead of two arm and look very creepy indeed . Steven back up shocked and fall over . the twinbot bear down , reach out with its new leg to strike when - Gary reappear and leap onto the creature , a split second later Sam join he , pummelling it with a picnic umbrella . steven get you foot off she ! Steven regains he composure and join the mélée , use a picnic bench to launch himself onto the twin . they combine effort topple the opponent to the ground . the three human tussle with a chaos of flail limb . ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 3 ) gary pop its head off ! like a aspirin bottle . Steven emit a orgasmic yelp as he twist something out of sight , we hear two pop then a loud crack . int . the two head dog - moment later peter blue-blood ? andy nothing suggest in the last three minute be better than ' smashy - smashy Egg men’. nothing . Gary , Sam and Steve re-enter , all sweaty and grass stain . oliver what the hell 's go on ? gary do you guy think of a name for the robot who be not robot ? peter I be afraid we have draw a ' blank 's . gary well we just have a barney with two ' blank 's in the beer garden . SAM we have to leave now ! gary agreed . let 's hit the mermaid . Gary head off , Oliver and Peter follow without question . SAM wait ? what ! Andy speak up . he be now very , very drunk . ( continued ) 76 . continued : andy Gary think we should keep on with the crawl , because they know what we be do but they do not know that we know what they be do . and basically no one have a better idea so fuck it . Andy crash through the door , leave Steven and Sam behind . SAM what ? wait ! ext . street of newton haven - night Gary forges ahead like a drunken gandalf , the other stumbling behind in he wake . Sam shout after they . SAM guy ! I have a better idea . I be park right around here somewhere , let 's just go ! Steven , tell they ! steven Gary say they will get we if we try and leave now . oliver we be way past leave now . come on . they arrive at the mermaid . a chalk sign outside read " school daze : ' 80s , ' 90s ' . Gary charge right on in . int . the mermaid - continuous loud music . Bright light . oppressive bass . ' step back in time ' by kylie minogue blare in this pub disco . the place be pack with adult dance in school uniform . peter this be a bit mad innit ? oliver this be perfect . we can hide out in here . I will get the drink in . gary good plan o-man . ( continued ) 77 . continued : oliver keep a eye out for blank . the gang scan the dance crowd . Gary quickly begin to bob he head to the beat . Sam shout into Steven 's ear . SAM why do you never say anything ? steven about what ? SAM about what you say in the garden . steven I want to , Sam . it just never seem like the right moment . something always get in the way . oliver ( 0.s. ) here you go , get this down you . Oliver appear behind Sam , laden with drink . Sam knock into he cause a spill . at this precise moment - Steven be drag through a doorway , out of sight by a unseen pair of hand . Sam turn back . Steven be go . SAM Steven ? int . the cloakroom - continuous Steven be bundle into the dark cloakroom fill with coat , by a mysterious figure wear a balaclava . steven please ! I have so much to live for ! the mysterious figure whip off he balaclava . basil it 's I you numpty . steven basil ! basil I know see you face again would spell trouble . ( continued ) 78 . continued : steven how do I know it 's really you ? basil because I be the only one who 's go to tell you the truth about Newton Haven . ( clear throat ) now , do you recall the event of the evening of June the 22nd , 1990 ? steven no but I know a man who do . int . the mermaid - continuous Gary nod he head to s- xpress , ogling faux schoolgirls . Andy and Peter nod along also . Oliver bring they they drink . oliver see anyone we know ? the crowd part . Dancing like siren before they be - gary / andy / peter the marmalade sandwich . they look 17 not 40 , as they appear in the prologue . gary they look ... young . peter it 's the light . andy it 's the drink . gary who care what it be ? the gang drift onto the dance floor . behind , Sam look for - SAM Steven ? int . the cloakroom - continuous basil that be the night they arrive . remember the shoot star ? ( more ) ( continued ) 79 . continued : basil ( cont 'd ) that be they . nothing happen at first . they be get ready , burrow in underground , prepare . not long after you lot leave , people start to change . one or two at first , then more . they replace people of influence , take over the institution , remake , remodelling , refurbish . do everything they could to make we join they . int . the mermaid - continuous ' join we Club ' by St. etienne play . Gary , Andy and Peter approach the Three allure Girls who draw they into close , hypnotic dance . Oliver watch , smile . Sam grab he . SAM I can not find Steven . where be the other ? oliver they be blend in . SAM oh crumb . int . the cloakroom - continuous basil it 's not like the replacement be evil , far from it . people get a lot friendlier . that 's how they do it . int . the mermaid - continuous Gary , Andy and Peter , drunk with lust , as the girl work they like puppet . Sam shake she head , but Oliver smile . basil ( 0.s. ) it 's not a invasion , it 's a merger . they do not want to get rid of we , not if they can help it . they want we to be another link in they chain . which be fine unless you say no . 80 . int . the cloakroom - continuous basil that 's when you get replace . once they get you DNA they have get you . steven how do they do that ? int . the mermaid - continuous Gary , Andy & Peter be work by the marmalade sandwich . erica leek lick Peter 's neck , Gary snog Tracy benson . basil ( 0.s. ) any way they like , blood test , the nit nurse , sweat , kissing , saliva on the rim of a glass - int . the cloakroom - continuous basil produce he curly straw . basil why do you think I drink with this crazy straw , not so crazy now be it ? if you be not on they side they 'il create a version that be . int . the mermaid - continuous Andy do he best to resist Becky 's kiss . he show she he wedding ring , she suck it off he finger and swallow it . basil ( 0.s. ) they can bring you back exactly the same or even make you young again . it look like you , even have you memory but really it 's just a vessel to spread they message . people you know , trust , love , respect , desire , replace in the name of progress . 81 . int . the cloakroom - continuous steven what happen to the people who get replace ? basil the 'empty ' ? do not ask I what happen to they . steven why , what happen to the empty ? basil I tell you not to ask I that ! go ! get out , before it 's too late ! creak ! the cloakroom door open . Steven and basil turn to see a coat throw in and the door just as quickly shut . when Steven look back , basil be go ... steven basil ? basil appear from underneath the coat . basil I say go ! int . the mermaid - continuous SAM this can not be good . Sam , aghast as the marmalade sandwich tempt we heroes . oliver Sam , who be that boy you like in sixth form ? adrian ? SAM adrian keane . why ? oliver he 's over there . Sam see a handsome young man in school uniform , stand in a dark corner . he see she , smile and approach . adrian keane hey Sam . how 's life ? ( continued ) 82 . continued : Sam 's own glass slip from she hand to smash on the floor . horrify , Sam turn to run and slam right into - steven & SAM we have to get out of here ! steven where be the other ? SAM they be blend in . Steven see he friend be seduce on the dance floor . steven fuck ! Sam and Steven attempt to separate the couple . gary just to the end of the song . steven Gary , she 's a blank ! gary do not be so judgmental . ext . the mermaid - moment later the gang burst from the mermaid . Oliver stop they . oliver hold up . where be you all go ? SAM & steven we be leave ! oliver what happen ? SAM adrian keane be in that bar . oliver I think you like adrian keane . steven prick . SAM adrian keane be dead . ( continued ) continued : 83. steven sorry . SAM adrian keane die in a motorbike accident in Italy eight year ago . oliver do he ? steven they must have have he DNA on file . that 's how they be able to replicate he . they know how to get to we . Jesus , they know everything . SAM they do not know adrian be dead . steven they know enough to tempt we . they know this three would fall for 17 - year - old in school uniform . gary who would not ? be I right guy ? steven we have to get out of town , get beyond it , before it 's too late . oliver who 's give you this idea ? steven basil . oliver oh mad basil ? he of the bermuda rhombus and the aqua Nazis ? gary another good name for the band , Steve . oliver you be go to put we life in the hand of a crazy old man ? steven he 's not crazy ! ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) oliver maybe he 's not . maybe he 's a blank try to lure we to the edge of town , onto that dark country road where they can deal with we . peter yeah , we could end up dead in a field . I hate field . Sam be aware of the various passersby watch they argue . SAM Steven 's right . we should go . oliver we be go to the beehive . Gary 's plan be still the best we have . gary you know what ? the 1990 model Oliver be out of commission by this point in the evening . oliver what be you say ? gary I like the new you . they walk off . Andy remain behind . gary Andy , come on . Andy sway , stare at he ringless finger . gary ( 0.s. ) andy ! ext . the beehive - night the gang approach , run on alcohol and adrenalin . Peter , drunkenly dance down the street . Oliver lead the charge . oliver here we go . pub number nine . peter fuck yes ! ( continued ) 85 . continued : gary that 's the spirit , Pete ! oliver spirit ! we should get chaser . gary who be this guy ? Sam and Steven approach the beehive with more apprehension . SAM this be a mistake be not it ? steven just stick with I . Steven take she hand . they enter . Andy lag behind . oliver come on Andy ! it can not start without you . andy whuh ? oliver we can not start without you . Oliver go in . the door close . Andy catch he own reflection in the glass and stare . something 's not right . int . the beehive - continuous this pub be very busy , completely crowded with customer . oliver now . whose round be it ? a voice ( 0.s. ) it 's mine . at a empty table , surround by six vacant seat , sit they favourite teacher , mr . shepherd , older but still cool look . he await they with five beer and a vodka tonic . gary / peter / steven Mr. shepherd ! SAM be it Mr. shepherd ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : mr. shepherd why do not you boy join I ? look like you could do with a drink . the gang sit down , both comfort and unnerve by he . mr. shepherd now , let 's have a little chat about you future . gary Mr. shepherd ? mr . shepherd please , call I guy . gary alright . guy ... Peter snigger , Gary giggle but regains composure . gary .«.. be you a robot ? mr . shepherd do anyone know what robot mean ? Gary 's hand shoot into the air . gary ooh , I ! mr . shepherd yes , Gary . gary it mean ' slave 's . mr shepherd very good Gary . Gary be pleased with himself . peter so , be you a robot , sir ? mr . shepherd no Peter , I be not a robot . Steven put he hand up . mr shepherd yes , Steven . ( continued ) continued : 87 . ( 2 ) steven you be on they side though ? mr shepherd this be not about side , Steven . it 's not shirt versus skin . it 's about work together as one team . the gang listen intently but be too drunk to take it in . they shuffle and mutter comment as if they be in class . mr shepherd I know it seem weird and a bit scary but believe I , it 's quite the opposite . they be here to help , kid . to straighten we out and prepare we for the big league . they have see something in we , a potential , like the promise I see in you . there 's a vast community of world up there , live peacefully , cooperatively together . a network of unity and consistency and guess what ? they want we along for the ride . pretty cool , eh gang ? the gang struggle to concentrate . Peter be now asleep . oliver so , they be not here to harm we ? mr shepherd Far from it o - man , they be here to help . I be not say they be afraid to get tough . I have have to straighten you all out in my time . what one among you would not thank I for it ? they be much like teacher in a way . stern , yes ; frightening , sometimes . but it 's all for we betterment . so , what do you say ? why do not we go somewhere and talk about this properly . gary King 's head ? steven hang on , that be not properly ? ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 3 ) oliver well it seem pretty clear to I , guy . what Mr shepherd be say , be that we - bang ! Andy have smashed Oliver 's head right off with a bar stool . it flip back , attach by a bio-mechanical tendon . SAM Andy ! what the fuck ? Oliver 's head flip back up . face miss . only he mouth remain . it speak . oliver yes Andy . what the fuck ? gary w.t.f ?! Sam yell and kick Oliver 's stool over , knock he down . Mr. shepherd leap up and smashes a FIRE alarm . as it ring he mouth become a conduit for a blinding white light . all other patron turn to the gang , there eye and mouth alight . they talk as one , in a well spoken voice . mr . shepherd & patron human , you leave US no recourse . if you will not join US willingly , we will be forced to use other means of persuasion . now please - Andy grab Mr. shepherd 's tie , pull he into a vicious headbutt that completely smashes he head into piece . andy fuck you , guy ! Andy rip he shirt off , pick up two bar stool as blunt weapon and roar at the blank like the fucking hulk . andy you want some ? I will smash you fuck head in ! I fuck hate this town ! all the blanks attack . the brawl be fast , brutal and insane . Gary swipe at the blank with he stool , take swig of beer between each blow , still try to down he pint . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 4 ) Steve and Sam fight side by side , smashing blanks with they chair . Wood splinter , head and limb break . Andy have turn into a rugby - boy brawler again , as he cut a swathe through the blank . Peter watch he in awe . he try to ape he , but be immediately knocked down and surround . Andy smashes Peter 's attacker out of the way and wrestle with he . Gary shout from the touchline . gary twist the melon , man ! Andy do so . the blank 's head pop clean off . he use the detached head to smash another blank in the face . meanwhile , Sam be suddenly attack by she partially headless brother . Steven see this and grab oliver' arm . oliver' arm pop out of its socket . Oliver then punch Steve with he remain limb and send he reeling through a table and onto the ground with a crash . Oliver turn back to Sam and flatly intone . oliver Sam , this be no way for a family to behave . Sam be roughly push aside . Gary , with drink in hand , attack Oliver , swinging he stool into a devastating uppercut . he take another swig as Oliver crash down . Andy meanwhile rip arm and stomp on fallen blanks . he be such a whirlwind of anger that he split the room , leave Gary and Sam fight blank with stool on one side . Steven and Peter be trap on the other . the pub door swing open . and mr shepherd walk in . mr . shepherd okay . break it up . Mr. shepherd be miraculously intact again and walk back to he table . mr shepherd it do not have to be like this . if only you would see the light . Andy and the other turn to see a smile Oliver , stand up and reattach he own arm . mass of blank flank he . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 5 ) oliver it 's not about conflict . it 's about togetherness . Mr. shepherd sit down at the same table ( next to the previous shepherd 's decapitate body ) . he put he foot up and break out in a wide smile . mr. shepherd yes . what say we try this again ? how about another round ? Gary finish he drink and smashes the glass to the ground . gary Nah , we be do here . mr . shepherd yes Gary , that would appear to be the case . the blank swarm , separate the gang from each other . andy let 's go ! meet at the smokehouse . gary the smokehouse ? andy just do it ! Andy lift a bench and throws it through the window . Steven see Gary grab Sam 's hand and pull she away . she throw Steven a helpless look as they disappear upstairs . int . the beehive . residential quarter - continuous the fire alarm still ring as Gary and Sam race upstairs and burst into a live room , where a elderly couple sit . the couple advance , there eye and mouth illuminated . elderly couple human , you leave US no recourse ... Gary grab the old lady blank , flip she upside down and use she as a batter ram to smash the window . he then throw the old lady 's body back at she husband . gl . ext . the beehive . roof - night they get on the roof . the fire alarm appear to be ringing throughout the entire town . Gary be out of idea . gary come on ! SAM ooh look , there 's my car ! let 's climb down the drainpipe . gary I have get a better idea . Gary jump and land on the roof of Sam 's car , severely dent it and blow out the windscreen . gary climb down the drainpipe . a minute later , Sam get into the car . Gary shut she door . gary okay , go . SAM wait . what about everybody else ? gary leave them with I . I get this . SAM be you sure ? gary I always come up smile . SAM I do not know if that 's true , Gary . gary just go . SAM will you find out what happen to my brother ? gary of course , and I will look after stevie for you , eh ? off Sam 's bashful acknowledgement . ( continued ) 92 . continued : gary he 's a good guy , better than I . SAM Gary , you be not a bad person , you be just not boyfriend material . the whole ' free spirit , quick one in the disabled toilet 's thing be kinda cool when you be seventeen but not so much when you be face forty . there come a time when you have to go forward and not backwards . gary maybe if I have not leave you behind that night , it would have be different . SAM it 's not all about that night y'know . gary be not it ? SAM it do not have to be . gary we will always have the disabled though eh ? SAM yes , we will always have the disabled . Sam smile and fondly kiss he on the cheek . she drive off , she damage car rattling loudly . Gary get up , he knee crack . he groan , feel he age . this attract the attention of a blank who appear at the mouth of the alley , its eye illuminating into searchlight . Gary disappear out of shot . we hear a jump and a crash . the blank turn its searchlight to see that Gary have fail to vault a fence . he get embarrassed and disappear again . Gary hightail it to a local park , past a sign say ' keep off the grass ' and towards the desert bowl clubhouse . 93 . int . the bowls club - continuous Gary burst in . Andy , Peter and Steven spin around . steven where 's Sam ? gary I put she in she car . steven / peter you do what ?! gary put she in a car , tell she to leave . andy you just send away the only one of we sober enough to drive ?! gary yeah . steven you just could not stand the fact that she might prefer I to you . gary that 's not true . steven it be true Gary ! I be get somewhere . we hold hand . gary oh c’mon ! I be try to help ! steven try to help yourself more like ! gary Jesus , I do something right for a change and you all get on my case . andy wow , that 's the first time I have ever hear you admit be wrong . gary I say I do something right ! ( continued ) continued : 94 . steven yeah ' for a change 's . gary so? andy meaning the rest of the time you be wrong . gary not necessarily . andy & steven arrrgghhhhh ! gary I just think it would be best to get she out of harm 's way . peter and what about we Gary ? be not we in harm 's way ? gary we be alright Pete . we be the five musketeer . peter four musketeer . steven wait , how do we know you put she in she car ? how do we know you be you . gary of course I be I ! andy yes but who the fuck be you , Gary ? gary I be Gary King . there 's only one Gary King . how do I know you be you ? andy we have be together the whole time . gary you might all not be you . how do you know that o - man be not o - man ? ( continued ) continued : 95 . ( 2 ) andy his birthmark be back . gary what do that prove ? steven because of what basil say . they make a copy from you DNA . that 's why he have he birthmark . he be new , like a baby . andy like a man-baby . peter a ' maybe ' . steven Oliver with none of the shit that have happen to the real Oliver . andy the laser surgery ! gary so the blank really be blank ? andy no wear and tear , no scar . gary Steven , in 1987 we be play cricket and I accidentally push you onto a break bottle that nearly go up you bum . steven so ? gary so show we you arse . Steven drop he trousers and bend over . he show off a area of scar tissue just beneath he right buttock . gary very nice . Peter , when you get that 50 CC suzuki in 1988 , you let I have a go and I run over you leg . Peter gingerly pull up the leg of he trousers , revealing a perfectly intact limb . the other gasp in horror . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 3 ) peter oh wait it 's my other one . Peter pull up the other leg to reveal knotted scar tissue . gary Andy , in 1986 , we re-enacted the knife game out of alien and I stab you in the middle finger . andy or how about December 1997 , when you od would and I drive you to hospital , four time over the limit and end up roll the car and almost sever my femoral artery at which point you make a miraculous recovery and run off into the night leave I to get arrest , after the twelve hour of life save surgery ? gary either one of that will do . Andy give Gary the finger , revealing a distinct scar . gary thank you . steven what about you ? Gary proudly reveal he ' sister of mercy 's tattoo . steven that could be draw on . peter be not all tattoo draw on ? gary yeah . andy show we you arm . gary what ? andy show we you arm . ( continued ) continued : 97 . ( 4 ) gary no. andy you come off you skateboard in fifth year and dislocate you elbow . you have get a scar where they put that metal plate in . gary I do not have to show you nothing . I know I be I . if I be not I how would I know that carve into that beam above you head be the word ' king gary 's ? andy it do not say '' king gary '' gary yes it do . do not it ? andy it say '' king gay '' . gary some cunt scrubbed out the " R " ! steven that be I . gary why ?! peter ( laugh ) King Gay . andy that mean fuck all anyway . Mr. shepherd remember stuff , so do olly . selective memory , remember ? we have not see you for year and you bring we here . you better come up with some hard evidence that you be human or we be go to find out for ourselves . gary oh you want proof ? Gary head - butt a support beam hold up the roof . bang ! ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 5 ) gary there ! that prove I be human ! he do it again several time . bang ! bang ! bang ! steven it prove you be stupid . gary exactly ! ow ! andy , peter & steven it 's Gary . footstep outside . they look through a window to see a blank patrol , all use they bright eye as searchlight . andy Whole town 's out look for we . gary that 's a good thing . if everyone 's outside , that mean nobody 's inside . come on ! Gary run out heroically , leave the other confuse . andy wait , Gary , fuck ! ext . the park - night Gary sprint through a shadowy avenue of tree . the other stumble along behind . andy Gary , Gary ! what do you mean nobody 's inside ? gary I mean we can still do this ! steven still do what ? andy we be still on the crawl . Peter lag behind , blind drunk . he trip and steady himself on a tree . he catch he breath , then snigger . ( continued ) 99 . continued : peter King Gay . a voice ( 0.s. ) Peter ? shane hawkins step out from behind a tree , smile benignly . shane hawkins Peter , I think that be you . be you okay ? peter what ? be I what ? shane hawkins look Peter , I know we do not see eye to eye at school . goodness know I regret that . I want to say something back at the pub but I feel so terribly ashamed by what I would do . Shane hold out a hand to a stunne , confuse Peter . shane hawkins let I make it up to you Peter , please . up ahead , Andy and Steven catch up with Gary . steven you be out of you mind ! gary we have come too far , Steve . andy it 's fuck suicide . Gary stop and turn to they with a grin . gary I be go to get to the World 's end if it kill I ... where 's Pete ? they all look back and see that Peter be sit astride Shane hawkins , pummelling he face with he fist . peter you fucking bastard ! I hate you ! horrify , the other call out in loud whisper . ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 2 ) andy Peter ! leave it ! Shane hawkins reason with Peter , as he head be smashed in . shane hawkins why be you do this Peter ? we do not want to hurt you ... steven come on mate ! it 's not worth it ! Peter put a fist through Shane hawkins ' head , shout back . peter yes , it fuck be !!! Peter run off and quickly return with a enormous branch . andy oh shit . Peter bludgeon Shane hawkins with the branch , but hear - motorcycle cop ( 0.s. ) I must say , I be very disappointed in you Peter . the motorcycle cop step from the shadow , shake he head . Peter drop the branch , freak out . a Mass of blanks , step out from the tree and approach from all side . the eye of the blank glow in the dark . Peter look around he . the blank close in relentlessly and swallow he up . Andy want to help but be drag back by Steven and Gary . andy I will punch they light out . steven there 's too many of they Andy . the glowing eyed blanks envelop Peter , transform they limb into restraint around he arm and neck . the motorcycle cop grab Peter 's face and he hand begin to glow . Peter convulse , the life drain from he face . he be beyond save . Andy 's fight ebb away . Steven and Gary pull he into the shadow and out of sight . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 3 ) gary we have to go . steven Gary 's right . gary we have to get to the King 's head . steven exactly . what ? andy ( furious ) we be not go to the King 's head Gary . we be do . we be go to do what we should have do in the first place , get the Beast and get out of here , we be fuck leave and never come back . now , you can come with we willingly or I will knock you the fuck out and carry you there myself . you choice . gary okay . just think about what you be say . because , you know , you have be drink . wham . Andy knock Gary the fuck out . ext . street of newion haven - moment later Andy run , a unconscious Gary over he shoulder . Steven follow . a blank patrol force they to hide in a car park . the blank 's eye be spotlight sweeping the street . on the other side , we see another patrol step into the light . it 's the five teens from earlier . now perfectly intact again . andy not they again . then from behind they , a strange and loud clanking of metal . steven what the hell be that ? andy it 's modern art . ( continued ) 102 . continued : they look up to the bizarre sight of the bronze sculpture tower over they and walk through the town . it 's whole head be a large powerful spotlight search for human . steven we be trap . where 's the Beast ? Andy whip out the tourist map from Gary 's pocket . andy uh , we be here , so the Beast be only in the next street . steven how the hell do we get to it ? andy we will have to go through . steven through where ? Andy look up at the nearest building and shake he head . andy I do not fuck believe this . above they , swing the sign for the King 's head . int . the king 's head - moment later Andy and Steve kick the door open . it 's desert . Andy lay Gary unconscious on the bar , leave the map on he chest . Andy and Steven make they way to the back and see - the beast in the car park of the guest house next door . blank patrol run here and there , with grow frequency . andy right , we wait for a open , then leg it to the Beast . steven we need the key . Andy and Steve look back to Gary . they jaw drop . Gary be awake again and stand behind the bar , pull himself a pint . despite a black eye , he mood seem calm . ( continued ) 103 . continued : andy Gary , what be you do ? gary just a little toast . Gary raise a full pint . Andy edge forward . andy Gary , put the pint down . gary to Oliver , Peter . and , you know what ? ten pub be not bad . andy it 's not but we be call time . gary so close . Gary take out a blue marker and cross pub 10 from the map . he then sink he pint in one . he smack he lip , fire in he eye . he look at Andy , who know what he 's about to do . andy no. Gary throw Andy he car key , then pocket the map . andy Gary ! Gary leap over the bar and run out through the open door . steven let he go . he leave you man . andy I can not . Andy throw the car key to Steven and take off after Gary . steven andy ! Andy leave a shocked Steven , who look out at the Beast . 104 . ext . street of newton haven - continuous Gary run down the middle of the street towards the next pub . glowing eyed blank give chase . a huge spotlight illuminate Gary , the sound of the bronze sculpture grow closer . Andy too be on Gary 's tail , scream at he . andy come back you stupid bastard ! Gary barge aside blank , intent on reach he goal . we see familiar face from earlier among the blank : the same various passersby , all the publican they have meet . he rip the arm off publican 1 and knock the head off publican 3 with the severe limb . as he near the eleventh pub , he run over a picnic table , and kick the motorcycle cop in the face on the way down . Andy knock aside attacker with the same ferocity . he see Gary up ahead , ducking into the hole in the Wall . we follow Andy as he make he way towards the pub , dodging and fighting blanks of all apparent age and size . the bronze sculpture suddenly stand in Andy 's path . he skid underneath the leg without break he run . Andy then rip the arm from two of the teens and smashes another two with the same dismember limb . int . the hole in the wall - continuous Andy enter the hole in the Wall at such speed , the door fly off its hinge . Gary be already behind the bar , raise a pint to he lip , he see Andy and know he must act fast . gary Andy look out ! two blanks pounce on Andy from behind . he barely turn to swiftly and furiously dispatch they with the severe limb . Andy make toward Gary but hear the roar of a engine . the beast smashes through the wall . Steven be at the wheel . we see swarm of blanks approach the new hole in the wall . ( continued ) 105 . continued : steven Gary , Andy , get the fuck in ! gary you hear he , Andy . Gary finish he pint , cross 11 off he map and run for a back window . he dive through the glass , smash it . steven we do not have much - bang . teen 1 jump onto the Beast 's roof . like Andy it have adopt the dismember limb as club . it flip down to the ground to face Steven as another blank rip the car door off . a jag shape smashes through the back window . the bronze sculpture pull the Beast back outside with its limb . andy Steven ! the Beast be overwhelm with blank . the Teen jump down to menace Andy as the bronze Sculpture shatter the windscreen . steven ( 0.s. ) Andy ! go! now ! Andy have no option but to follow Gary through the window . ext . the street of newton haven - continuous Andy land and roll on the tarmac . up ahead he see : Gary , sprinting uphill towards the world 's end . Andy follow . the wind whip against Gary . the tourist map blow out of he jacket and fly into the air landing in Andy 's face . as he cast it aside , Andy see the marmalade sandwich approach fast . he barge into Tracy benson , knock she fly . he shoulder charge erica leek then see - Becky Salt . no glow eye . look absolutely perfect . becky salt I want you inside I Andy . andy I be sorry . ( continued ) 106 . continued : Andy plunge he fist into Becky 's stomach . his hand emerge cover in blue stuff , wedding ring between finger and thumb . he place it back on he finger and run off . andy cheer . int . the world be end - night a single full pint stand alone on a table . behind it , the door burst open to reveal Gary , mad , panting . he approach the drink as though it be the holy grail . a eerie silence in the bar , as though the world have be reduce to just Gary and the pint . he raise it to he lip . smack ! it 's Andy . he slap the glass from Gary 's hand . andy you have have enough ! gary this be it , Andy ! this be the World 's end ! andy I know ! furious , Gary run towards the bar . Andy try to stop he . a angry fight ensue . andy stop ! this ! now ! Andy throw Gary through a table to stop he . gary leave I alone ! what do you care ? andy of course I fuck care . there 's a reason I be angry at you , you idiot ! gary I know why you be angry but it 's not my fault you crash and it 's not even my fault that I run off , that be the fuck drug . ( continued ) continued : 107 . andy I do not care about that . it 's not the point . I get better . you do not . you let I down man . that 's why I be angry . you be Gary King . Gary fuck King . I believe in you . I would have follow you to the fuck end . Jesus , I have ! gary then stop follow I ! Gary push Andy away and run for the bar . Andy grab Gary 's trenchcoat and they scrabble on the floor . gary what 's it like to be happy , Andy ? andy what be you talk about ? gary you have get everything you want . you perfect job , you perfect house , you perfect wife . andy you think it 's all perfect ? she leave I Gary . do you honestly believe I would be here if I do not have a empty house ? she take the kid to she mum 's three week ago . Said I be not " present " enough . you think I give up ? no , I be try to win she back . God know 's , I be lose but I be gonna keep fight Gary , because that 's how we survive . for fuck 's sake , I just punch my wedding ring out of a robot 's tummy . gary exactly ! you keep fight for what 's important . andy what 's so important about the Golden mile ? gary it 's all I have get ! ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 2 ) Gary scramble over the bar . Andy grab the belt on the back of he trench and it rip off . Andy tumble backwards . Gary get behind the bar and grab a glass . he 's about to pull himself a pint when Andy grab he and pull he away by the coat . Gary desperately wriggle out of he trench - coat and throw a punch . Andy catch it . Gary 's sleeve drop , revealing a bandage wrist . andy you need help Gary . Andy grab the other hand , revealing not only another bandage but a hospital id bracelet . realisation dawns . Gary push a shocked Andy onto the ground . gary I get help . you know what help be ? help be a lot of people , sit in a circle talk about how bad thing have get . that be not my idea of a good time . andy and this be ? it can not all be a good time , thing have to be bad sometimes , otherwise you 'il never know how ' good 's really feel . gary they tell I when to go to bed , Andy . andy Gary , mate , you can not get drunk unless you be sober . gary I don ’t want to be sober ! Gary stand and take a second glass from the shelf . gary it never get better , Andy . it never get better than that night . it be suppose to be the beginning of my life . all that promise and fuck optimism . that feel that we could take on the whole universe . it be a big lie . nothing happened ! ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 3 ) with determination Gary place the glass under the tap . andy you do not need to do this Gary . gary yes , I do . he pull the pump . click . no liquid emerge but - the World 's end itself begin to rumble and shake . the foundation vibrate , the glass rattling furiously . Gary look at Andy like a naughty schoolboy . oh shit . suddenly the entire bar and pub floor and bar sink into the ground . it 's as if the pub have become a elevator , go down into the darkest depth of the Earth . then with a boom - the elevator hit the bottom . behind the bar , hide Gary and Andy who look out to see - int . the catacomb - night a section of the pub sit in a dark chamber underneath Newton Haven . cable and pipe line the wall , evidence of the active network . only the shaft of light from the World 's end above light the sink pub floor below . there be a deep hum . Gary and Andy peer into the darkness of the surround chamber . around they , on two higher ledge of the chamber , stand a shadowy circle of blanks look down . Gary lift up the bar to investigate . andy Gary , do not go out there - as soon as Gary step out , a thundering voice boom . the voice Gary King . it be the well spoken voice , amplify to a godlike surround . gary yeah ? suddenly the blank ' eye illuminate and they collectively project a enormous column of blinding light in the centre of the chamber . it hum and pulsate . Gary squint upwards . ( continued ) 110 . continued : the light Gary King , of the human . gary yeah . what do you want ? the light we want to help you Gary . gary do you now ? the light take the form of a all - see , incandescent eye , transform in time with the sound of its own voice . the light we be here to enable you full potential as we have with countless world across the galaxy . the Light become a powerpoint demonstration of the galaxy . many planet be highlight ; the furthest out be Earth . gary oh yeah ? how would you manage that then ? Peter step out from the shadowy circle , now a smile blank who speak in the same well spoken voice . peter we appropriate a small percentage of the population at two thousand or so penetration point across the planet to ensure maximum coverage . oliver step out , head intact , speak with the same well spoken voice . oliver from there , we create ' simulant 's to spread we ideology through peaceful indoctrination . we see a graphic of Earth . point appear across the globe with concentric circle grow outward to show coverage . Mr. shepherd step out to talk in the same voice . mr. shepherd we objective be simple , to ready the population for participation in we galactic community . ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) peter this method require a small sacrifice . oliver but the fewer replacement we make , the more successful we consider we operation . the reverend , step forward , now speak with the voice . the reverend of course we welcome that who volunteer themselves . and now Shane hawkins appear too . head intact again . shane hawkins we can offer attractive incentive to that who willingly combine . the marmalade sandwich step out and talk in unison . the marmalade sandwich the chance to be young again and yet retain select memory . oliver be not that something you would like ? peter something you have always want ? now step out of the shadowy circle be five individual : the 18-year-old version of peter , oliver , steven , andy and gary . they be exactly as we see they in the prologue . gary oh my god ! I be so cute ! I would fuck I . young gary step down onto the floor and approach Gary , open he arm to he older counterpart . young gary the beauty of we system be that we all win . there be no loser . Gary be seemingly enthralled . Young Gary smile . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 3 ) young gary allow I to carry you legend forward . let the man you have become be the boy you be . Gary place he hand on the shoulder of Young Gary . gary Nah . with sudden violence gary pop off young gary head . gary there 's only one Gary King . he drop kick the head and it splat against the chamber wall . the Light intensify , the hum grow in volume . the light then you have make you choice Gary , King of the human . Gary puff out he chest . he be King of the human , a drunk representative speak for Earth . gary yeah I have . because frankly , who the fuck be you to come down here and tell we what to do ? the light we be the Network and we be here for you betterment . in the last twenty - three year , have you not marvel as information technology have surge forward ? gary no. the light Earth have grow smaller yet great as connectivity have grow . this be we do and it be just the beginning . gary oh fuck off , you big lamp . the light you be child and you require guidance . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 113. ( 4 ) the light ( cont 'd ) there be no room for imperfection if Earth be to be a successful member of we society . gary hey , Earth be not perfect , human be not perfect and guess what ? I be not perfect . the light and therein lie the necessity for this intervention . must the galaxy be subject to a entire planet of people like you ? Andy step into the arena as Gary 's drunk lawyer . andy whoa whoa whoa , who put you in charge ? who be you to criticize anyone ? Gary might be a bit of a cock and in fact he be a bit of a cock but he 's my cock . gary thanks mate . andy now I be not go to lie and say this man be some sort of shine example , far from it . and I be not say that it 's wrong to ask for help , it 's not . but help must be ask for , otherwise it 's just control . the light but he be a detriment to himself , just as Earth be a detriment to the galaxy . andy what do you say ? the light you act out the same cycle of self destruction again and again . at this point you planet be the least civilized in the entire galaxy . gary what do he say ? ( continued ) continued : 114 . ( 5 ) andy he 's say we be a bunch of fuck up . gary hey , it 's we basic human right to be fuck up . this civilisation be found on fuck up and you know what ? that make I proud . andy and I ! gary what be it they say , to err be ...? andy to err be human . gary they say to err be human , so errr - the light we do not believe you speak for all humanity . you be but two man . two drunk man . steven ( 0.s. ) Three drunk man ! Steven abseil down from the World 's end on a piece of bunt . he 's bloody and batter but very much alive . andy stevie-baby ! Gary and Andy cheer as Steven land on the floor . the light enough , human ! gary oh , you be in trouble now . it 's only the fuck Three musketeer . the light you be revolting against the wisdom of countless solar system . gary yeah we be revolting ! ( continued ) 115 . continued : ( 6 ) steven you say it , mate . Gary appeal to the surround throng . gary come on , we do not have to stand for this shit ? who 's with we ? silence . gary anybody ? andy wait , you say you be not here to conquer , can I just ask , out of interest , how many people do you have to replace in Newton Haven ? the light that be irrelevant . andy be it ? hand up who here be human . mumbling from the circle . one hand go up . collaborator 1 I be human . gary one ! collaborator 2 and I . gary that 's two . another voice pipe up from across the room . basil I be but do not know for how long . Gary , Andy and Steven be delighted to see basil and cheer . gary / andy / steven basil !!! steven so what 's that ? Three ? ( continued ) continued : 116 . ( 7 ) andy you have to replace a entire town ? the light not the whole town . gary everyone except old nutball and the shifty twin . steven that 's a good name for the band Gary . you should write that down . gary I will . andy what happen to the one you replace ? like Oliver and Pete ? basil ( 0.s. ) I tell you not to ask that ! the light redundant vessel be recycle , mulched and convert into fertilizer whereupon they be return to the earth to promote verdancy and growth . it be a highly efficient mean of organic renewal . the Light present cheery graphic of the ' recycle ' . gary mulched ! ? the light it be a relative few in light of we long term plan . steven you mean the few hundred thousand turn to fuck compost ? andy and what about the other place ? the penetration point . Gary snigger and make a euphemistic hand gesture . ( continued ) continued : 117 . ( 8 ) andy be they as '' successful '' as Newton Haven ? because I be guess we be not the only glitch in you system . the light it be true , the Network have be experience some difficulty ... steven you better believe it big ball . the light ... and we hope to resolve this as soon as be conveniently possible . gary I think you have bitten off more than you can chew with Earth , mate . andy because we be more belligerent , more stubborn , more idiotic than you can possibly imagine and I be not just talk about Gary . gary there 's more than one Gary King . the light but you say ... gary I fuck know what I fuck say ! the light you reliance on profanity be a measure of you immaturity as a man and a species . gary oh why do not you just get back in you rocket and fuck off to legoland you cunt ! steven yeah , stop starbuck we man . the light it be we duty to challenge you . andy just eff off . ( continued ) continued : 118 . ( 9 ) gary yeah , eff the fuck off . the light we can not permit the human race to continue unsupervise . andy we be not ask you permission . gary yeah , leave we to we own device you intergalactic arsehole . the light you misunderstand - gary oh shut up . the light we be try - gary nobody 's listen ! the light if you have only - gary face it , we be the human race and we do not like be tell what to do . a pause . the Light collect itself . then ask . the light just what be it that you want to do ? gary we wanna be free . we wanna be free , to do what we want to do and we want to get load and we wanna have a good time . and that 's what we be gonna do . a long pause . the light it be pointless argue with you . you will be leave ... to you own device . ( continued ) 119 . continued : ( 10 ) gary really ? and with that ... the light suddenly switch off . blackness . we hear the sound of a old fashioned dial tone , that develop into a loud rumble as the catacomb start to shake . gary they fuck off . result ! Gary , Andy and Steve cheer and celebrate . they look to see that the blank in the circle be inert and dead eye . the blank power down and some keel backwards like dominos . bang ! spark fizz from the cable like firework . Andy and Steven 's smile fade as the pipe glow a dangerous red . steven Andy , perhaps we should - andy Gary , let 's boo-boo . bang ! a huge electrical explosion erupt behind Gary . gary yeah , it 's shit here innit ? a pipe fall from the ceiling , narrowly miss Gary and crush the static Oliver instead . the catacomb be now light only by a grow blaze . the gang , follow by basil and the collaborator make a break for it , escape up a ladder at the side of the chamber . ext . the street of newion haven - night as they emerge from the World 's end , Gary look up to see the World 's end sign on fire . Beyond , the pub itself throbs from inside with a powerful red light . they look around to see Newton Haven : smoke-filled , fire start everywhere , the sky turn a ominous red . the few remain human climb out and run away fast . collaborator 1 well do . ( continued ) 120 . continued : collaborator 2 thanks a bunch ! collaborator 1 you have to go and spoil it ! collaborator 2 yeah , happy now ? basil appear last . steven basil , what do we do now ? basil same as before . go ! basil disappear into the smoke , leave we Three musketeer , lose amidst the gather apocalypse . gary where 's the Beast . steven the Beast be dead , mate . andy you know what 's really annoying ? steven what ? andy I promise myself I would not die in this town . Gary hear a familiar rattling approach through the smoke . gary you be not go to . headlight . Gary run towards they , wave he arm . gary we luck just change . boom . the car run into Gary , knock he violently down . SAM ( 0.s. ) oh crumb ! sorry ! Sam pull up , visible through she break windscreen . ( continued ) 121 . continued : ( 2 ) steven Sam ? you come back for we ! SAM yes . yes I do . well , I get lose on the ring-road . but yes . Gary get to he foot and limp over to Sam 's car . gary hi Sam , could you give we a lift to London please ? SAM do you find out what happen to my brother ? gary uh ... we will tell you on the way . they get in the car and hastily buckle up . SAM do excuse the mess . I have be meaning to clear that up . steve we forgive you . let 's go . SAM which way ? a fiery flash and ominous boom explode from the World 's end . a huge wave of red plasma detonate outward towards the car . gary backward ! the ENERGY wave gain on they , shatter all the nearby window , cause destruction and chaos . Sam reverse fast , pull a spectacular j-turn and speed out of Newton Haven . in the slipstream of Sam 's car , Gary 's tourist map be whipped into the air where it burst into flame , envelop by the plasma wave . ext . the outskirt of newton haven - continuous Sam approach the same roundabout she get lose on . ( continued ) 122 . continued : SAM which way now ? steven straight over ! Sam floor it , speed right over the roundabout and away from the town on a wind country lane . gary we can make it . the plasma wave gain inexorably , ignite the hedgerow as the car struggle to outrun its fate . Sam drive to escape the burn countryside , a rapidly gaining tunnel of FIRE . gary we be gonna make it . Sam 's car be just ahead of the gain fire as it shoot past the sign say ' thanks for visiting newton haven '. gary we make it ! not quite . the flame of the hedgerow overtake the car . the passenger be engulf in a blinding red glow . then - blackness . we hear cough . we see the car through a cloud of acrid smoke , blacken but intact . Sam turn the key . it be dead . the gang exit the car and start to walk . Gary lead they , stumbling toward a orange light in the distance . Andy follow , Steven and Sam behind he , hold hand . the smoke clear and Gary gaze upon the same panorama he see in 1990 . the valley bath in orange light . however , it be not the dawn , it 's the town and surround field on fire . the flame hedgerow make a fiery grid as far as they can see . a nearby pylon blaze , shower spark . they sit down on the brow of the hill look out across the scene . Gary turn to Andy . gary I be sorry . andy I know . Andy put he arm around Gary . they sit regard armageddon . fade to : 123. int . / ext . various location a older Andy talk to a group of young people around a fire . he be dress in a medieval look mish - mash of contemporary clothing . the look and feel of this scene be post apocalyptic and neo-gothic , with much swirl smoke . andy that morning give new meaning to the word ' hangover ' . we decide to walk it off , all the way back to London , but the headache do not end there - it just go on and on . when the Network go down , it trigger a pulse that wipe out all we technology and send we here , back to the Dark Ages . we see the Earth reflect in Andy 's glass , we see pulse wave spread out all over the globe and then ... black out . andy ( v.0o . ) there be casualty of course . I know a few . some guy at work , my cousin , Gary 's mum . nobody could be sure how many we lose , because we never hear from the rest of the world again . thing be not connect like they use to be . everyone get cut off . we see Andy on he property with he wife and kid , tend a area of arable land , surround by a chain link fence . andy ( v.0o . ) some people say it be better when they be here . I can see that . it be not easy now but it be simpler . I be back with the wife which be something . we decide we problem do not seem as bad in the grand scheme . we live off the land , provide for the family . we all have to go organic in a big way , but if I be honest , I be hard press to recall any process food I miss . a mint cornetto wrapper flutter onto the fence and then fly away . Andy 's slaver chop betray he . andy ( v.0o . ) as for the blank , well a funny thing happen there . they wake up . ( more ) ( continued ) 124 . continued : andy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a week or so after the Network pull out , they just sort of reboot by themselves . we see blacken figure in the burnt out catacomb come to life . the blank awake . Peter blink . Oliver sit up to discover that he head be miss once again . he frown . andy ( v.0o . ) they seem lose at first , child cut off from they parent . I feel a bit sorry for they to be honest . the blank stumble through society . some be pelt with tomato . some reunite with tearful relative . Oliver pass graffiti read ' we be not robot 's . he get dirty look from passersby . he give they the finger , mouth '' fuck off '' . andy ( v.0o . ) the Network be right about one thing . we do not play nice with other . the Network be right about a few thing to be fair . Oliver go back to be a estate agent . people still need a roof over they head and the old olly always have a gift for the gab . I guess the new one have too . Oliver , now wear half a football in place of he miss head , show a young couple into a rough dwelling . he attempt to follow they but bump into the door jamb . andy ( v.0o . ) I hear the petertron go home . he remember enough to know where Bishop 's garden be . I suppose he just pick up where he leave off . we see Peter approach he now overgrown and half - shutter house in Bishop 's garden . andy ( v.0o . ) I be not sure he wife notice . maybe she choose not to . he 's a pretty good dad by all account . we see Peter sit round the breakfast table with he kid ina burnt out kitchen . he take off he hand and let it scuttle round the table . everyone laugh . his wife enter , Peter quickly reattach he hand and wink at he child . ( continued ) 125 . continued : ( 2 ) andy ( v.0o . ) Steven and Sam get together in the end . do not see that come . they shack up just outside London . it 's a pretty nice shack too . Sam and Steven appear on the doorstep of a impressive look shack . Sam kiss Steven who sling a shotgun over he shoulder and stride off , presumably to go hunt . andy ( v.0o . ) as for Gary ? Andy look ruefully into the distance as he remember he old friend , almost forget he be address the group . andy I do not know what happen to Gary . we get separate and I never see he again . some say he go back to Newton Haven . I do not know why , I think he business there be do . ext . new anglia - day we see Gary , stride out of the smoke , still dress in he trench coat , which seem somehow more befit in this surroundings . he carry a broadsword on he back . andy ( v.0o . ) wherever he be , I hope he 's happy . it 's funny but I miss he . I wonder if he miss I . stride behind he , the blank teenage version of andy , steven , oliver and peter . they be somewhat blacken , with modification to they garb . they too carry medieval weapon . Gary lead they to a pub that stand alone in the smoky apocalyptic wasteland : ' the rising SUN 's he bring they to a halt at the door of the pub and regards the sign make out of number plate . it read ' no bl4 nks 's . int . the rising SUN - day the sign clatter across the pub floor draw look from the group of armed , rough - look and very human patron . human patron 1 blank bastard . ( continued ) 126 . continued : human patron 2 Fucking robot . Gary and he gang of blank approach the bar and a publican who eye they with absolute disdain . gary five water please . publican 13 you can have one but I be not serve this scum . Gary note the air of tension in the room and smile . gary well I be afraid it 's all for one and one for all . you see my friend and I be on a adventure , a quest if you will and since we find ourselves in need of refreshment , you sir have the honour of draw first blood . so I will ask you again , for the last time . tension rise . the patron seem ready to attack . gary five . Waters . please . the publican reach for a weapon . so do every patron in the bar . with lightning speed , Gary draw he sword and he wingment fall into combat formation behind he . publican 13 who the hell do you think you be ? gary I ? behind Gary , the eye of he blank posse switch on and glow brightly , backlight Gary 's final , badass line . gary they call I the King . Gary charge at the camera . thing be about to get messy .