the big blue by luc besson Bob garland marylin Golden " God be at the bottom of the sea and I dive to find he . " enzo maiorca fade in : ext . greek island - sunset credit sequence : the image be in black and white . the sun disappear behind arid cliff which cast giant shadow on the sea . a little boy around 8 year old -- tan from head to toe -- sprint along the cliff , scramble from one rock to another with amazing agility . in one hand , he carry a transparent plastic bag . in the other , a net bag contain flipper , mask , pants and sweater . the only thing that slow he down be he bathing suit -- obvious hand - me-down -- way too big . he tug on they as he go , hold they up ... until they slide again ... as he leap again ... and pull they up ... the little boy be jacque mayol . end credit . ext . greek island - sunset jacque reach a ledge jutting out over a desert cove . he spit in he mask ... expertly spread the spit with a finger ... lock he foot into the flipper ... and dive . he surface a long way out ... adjust he mask ... and swim away from shore . in OPEN sea the boy stop swim -- start to gulp air -- suck it in -- oxygenate he blood in a series of deep rapid breath -- almost hyperventilate , almost alarming if we have never see this before . his gaze be glue to the ocean floor . clear clear water . 40 foot deep . and intensely blue . suddenly , he catch he breath and dive -- into the blue . underwater jacque touch bottom . clamp he leg around a rock to hold himself down . unhurry , thoroughly at home , 40 foot under ... he open the plastic bag . a huge speckle moray eel appear in a hole in the rock , slither toward he . the carnivore 's jaw be bigger than the boy 's head . the boy smile at he . pull a piece of raw meat out of he bag and hold it out . the eel take the morsel delicately -- and slither back into he hole . gravely , jacque take another morsel out of the bag . ext . village - dusk jacque walk up a steep road border the port , almost dry now . two boy about he age run up the street ; call out , catch up with he and gesture toward the port . the boy Jacques ! come quick ! ext . pier - dusk the little boy tug jacque to the end of the pier and point to something in the water . boy look ! right there ! it 's shine ! jacque walk over , and sure enough see something shine a few foot down in the water . jacque ( squinting ) a coin . first boy I find it . second boy liar ! camera pan and we see a middle - age priest load supplies into a small boat . he stop to watch the child 's negotiation . Little jacque be put he flipper on . jacque ok . I will get it , but no fight , all right ? the two boy nod as they point to the coin . jacque we will split it . first boy you can not split a coin . that 's stupid . second boy he 's right . you be stupid . the pope smile . jacque then we will buy something and split that . second boy a helicopter ... jacque it 's a small coin . first boy a Ferrari . second boy I do not want a Ferrari ... what be it ? jacque ( interrupt they ) maybe a little radio . the two boy look at each other . jacque well . we will decide later . the light be go . second boy I get the radio from after school , until midnight . first boy since when do you stay up until midnight ? jacque all right , all right ... can I concentrate ? and you can stop point . I have see it . voice ( o.s. ) I have see it too . the voice be enzo be . another young boy wear little round glass . first boy ( annoyed ) shit , it 's the italian ! he be slightly older than jacque but he be taller . enzo be with roberto , he young brother , the only one allow to carry he flipper . five kid be behind he . enzo well , if it be not the little frenchman ! how be the little frenchman ? jacque ( cool ) Fine ! enzo pat jacque on the shoulder and leave he hand there -- a lightly intimidating gesture . enzo you do not mind if I go instead , do you ? jacque ( intimidate , and pretend not to be ) no ... enzo if you do mind , you would tell I , would not you ? enzo pat he shoulder reassuringly . enzo ( to he brother ) Roberto , mio palmo ! roberto who have already start to moisten he big brother 's gear in the water , hold a pair of drip flipper and a glisten mask . the pope watch the scene with obvious pleasure . enzo ( to he brother on the edge of the pier ) Count ! sure of himself , enzo take a deep breath and dive in the water . roberto count out loud . roberto 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... the kid all walk over to the edge of the pier . a few foot away , jacque take off he flipper . roberto 4 ... 5 ... 6 ... enzo burst out of the water , the coin in he hand . the child cheer and clap . roberto rush to catch the equipment that come fly at he , piece by piece . enzo walk over to jacque . enzo ( show he the coin ) who 's be it now ? you see it but I dove for it ! jacque do not answer . enzo smile and slowly put the coin in he pocket . he pull it out again and wave it under jacque ' nose . enzo ( without turn around ) Roberto ? how long ? roberto six second . enzo look at jacque for a while . enzo I will throw it back into the water . you dive and if you do less than six , it 's yours . jacque do not say anything , then finally shake he head , negatively . enzo smile , tap he on the shoulder . enzo brava ! the first boy finally sum up he courage to speak . boy ( timidly ) enzo ? I see the coin first ... we split ? enzo ( smile ) you can not split a coin , stupid . enzo laugh , stick the coin in he pocket and leave the pier with he gang . the pope smile and pull a coin from he pocket . with he flipper dangle from one hand , jacque sadly stare out at the sea . the pope call he over . priest Jacques ... come , look . jacque go over to he , see where he be point , the faint gleam of the coin underwater . priest be it a coin shine down there ? jacque ( overjoy ) it be . it 's a coin ! I will get it for you , Father ! priest it will be for the poor . jacque , intent on the coin 's glimmer , quickly slip on he fin , prepare he mask . he swim in the water like a fish , go directly to the coin . scoops it up , bring it to the surface . he break water , wave the coin , look for the priest and see he be no longer there . jacque padre ? he look at the ancient impression on the coin -- " Boy on a dolphin " . dissolve to : on jacque - underwater he 's swim near the spot where he feed the moray eel . he sense something behind he and turn around . he see a dolphin , still and silent , float vertically . it seem to be watch he . the surprise be such that jacque be in a panic , leap up to the surface ... on jacque - in bed he bolt upright , as if suddenly awaken from a dream . int . room - on jacque ' father - dark a burly man , around fifty , cross the room in the shadow and throw open the shutter with a bang . sunlight pour in . he walk over to jacque ' bed in the one room house , and run he hand through he hair . father ( with a smile ) ... come on , time to get up , Jacques ! jacque rub he eye . his father walk over to a pile of blanket on the floor , on the other side of the room . he give the pile a kick . father ( scream at the top of he lung ) Louis , wake up ! he uncover a kettle on the fire and ladle up a big bowl of soup for Jacques . a fifty year old man poke he head out from under the pile of blanket . it 's uncle louis , who be have a very hard time , waking up . ext . house - day jacque burst out of the house , run . dive gear under he arm . a piece of butter bread in he mouth . he catch up with he father and uncle louis . they be on a path wind down to the port . jacque slow down abruptly . tries to imitate they stride . the weather be balmy and the sea lie before they , peaceful and blue . ext . sea - day they boat on the water . the chug of its engine echoes off the cliff . a few gull -- draw by the sound -- skim the wave of its wake . ext . boat - day on board . jacque ' Father check the antique air pump . jacque polish the enormous copper diver 's helmet and lay out the rest of a old fashioned deep sea diver 's suit . at the foot of a old monastery another boat pass . the Priest be in it . jacque ' Father and louis take off they cap . jacque take the gold coin out of he pocket . the pope nod to jacque . his father look over at he without understanding . the child quickly put the coin back in he pocket . ext . boat - day louis cast anchor . a few foot away , site on a rock , the kid with little round glass be fishing . he turn around to the boat . jacque smile and wave at he . enzo wave back , obviously disturb in he fishing session . father Jacques , come help I . jacque help he father into the diver 's suit . the burly man struggle into a pair of weight lead shoe . he seem sluggish and tired . jacque watch worriedly . he have a weird feel . jacque you should not dive everyday , papa . uncle louis then you should not eat everyday , Jacques . his father catch he fondly by the scruff of the neck . father ( wink at he ) do not worry . when I be tired down there , the mermaid help I out . Father and son smile at each other . then he father put the helmet on . jacque join louis at the pump . the heavy diver 's suit disappear slowly underwater . the gleam copper helmet be the last thing to slide out of sight . jacque and louis work the pump . regular , steady motion to maintain the flow of air . uncle louis ( to Jacques ) hey ! have you ever see a mermaid ? jacque no . they keep on pump for a while , then ... uncle louis I have see they . uncle louis go on . jacque do not budge . uncle louis do not you want to know where ? jacque look at the bottom to watch he father . he do not answer . underwater - jacque ' father he move along slowly in he cumbersome diving suit . he be work the top of a rock outcrop on the sea floor . he see a sponge , hook it ; put it in a bag that 's attach to a life line from the boat fastened to he waist . he move on . int . boat - jacque and louis pumping they keep up the rhythm . sitting on a rock at a distance , enzo watch they . uncle louis be bored stiff . uncle louis why do not you ask I ? jacque what ? uncle louis where I see the mermaid ?! why do not you ever ask any question ? I be always the one ask the question ! we be sit here like two stone and I be take to myself . ask I something , goddamnit ! jacque calmly look over at he , slow down he pump and almost serenely ask he : jacque ( in a completely flat tone ) why do my mother leave ? uncle louis seem disturb by the question . a beat . uncle louis ( ill at ease ) come on now , pump ! underwater - jacque ' father he be walk with difficulty at the bottom . his bag be full of sponge . he seem to be have trouble breathe . ext . boat - jacque and louis jacque and louis be pump silently . uncle louis feel oblige to answer jacque ' question . uncle louis finally break the silence and explain : uncle louis you mother do not leave . she go back to America , that 's all . it 's she home . she 's allergic to this Island . she like refrigerator and machine that clean the floor ... so one day she leave . woman be like that , unpredictable , like the sea . they have not be pay attention to the bubbles gush at the surface . the air hose be be pull down in a very worrisome way . jacque ( with a slight grin ) so where do you see mermaid ? uncle louis smile . uncle louis in the bar in athen ! very pleased with himself , uncle louis burst out laugh . jacque shyly shrug he shoulder . the air hose be suddenly yank down . jacque immediately see all the bubbles . he be white as a sheet . jacque rush to the side of the boat and start yell down at he father . he grab the life line and start pull at it hysterically . the air hose snap and start fly around like some crazy snake . jacque try to jump overboard . uncle louis catch hold of he foot at the last second . jacque be slapping the water with he hand , try to go down but uncle louis will not let he . jacque be yell desperately . enzo be now stand on he rock , watch the scene , horrify . the sea now look as if it be boil . uncle louis grab hold of jacque and hug he in he arm . stand on he rock , enzo be now cry desperately . enzo ( scream ) Jacques ! Jacques ! the last air bubbles be now break on the surface ; it look as if they will never stop . dissolve to : ext . italian village STREET - day the image be now in color . a rocky pink cliff over look the very bright sea which fill the screen . superimposed : 1987 sicily alfredo run ( skip ) up the cobble street as fast as he can go , surprisingly fast . he run to the large terrace of a restaurant which he enter . we have time to read the sign carry the restaurant 's name : " LA mamma " . int . restaurant - day alfredo skip in . he be panting , cover in sweat . his panic be palpable . the whole room watch he approach a long table where a large family be have a birthday party for a very old lady . he have to stop a second and catch he breath before he can get the word out . then lean over and whisper in the ear of a great big man -- around 30 -- build like a bull , wear little round glass . the man listen , then stiffen . ext . harbor - construction site - day a beat - up fiat , towing a equally beat - up trailer , stop . enzo unfold out of the driver 's seat , like a circus clown emerge from a toy car . the construction supervisor , a american , wear a three piece suit , hurry over to he . enzo have already start undress . roberto unload the diving gear from the trailer . supervisor ( exhaust ) signore molinari ? roberto ( shaking he hand ) yes . enzo ( calmly undress , expressionless ) how do it happen ? supervisor ( upset ) the company ask I to extract everything I could from the wreck ; so the diver be try to get at the engine ... and then the boat turn over ... in the current ... and ... look , I fuck up ! can you help ? enzo how many be , down there ? enzo go back to the car . supervisor just one ... we be feed he air , but he 's not breathe regularly ... you have get to get he out fast . enzo glance at the map , then at the accident site . enzo ( a beat ) ten thousand . supervisor lira ? enzo dollar . supervisor you be go to hold I up at a time like this ? roberto you do understand you be talk to the champion diver of the world ? supervisor yes , but ten thousand dollar ... enzo open the trunk of he fiat and pull out the jack . he slam the trunk shut , and stand look at the american , straight in the eye . enzo okay . you tell I . how much would you say the man 's life be worth ? extremely uncomfortable , the supervisor do not answer . enzo in my village , we have a say : when the wind blow , the flag of all nation flap in the same direction . supervisor ( baffle ) what do that mean ? roberto that you should get you checkbook . damn quick . ext . unfinished pier - enzo he 's at the end of the pier , he foot dangle in the muddy water of the port . a few foot away a pump send air hissing through a rubber tube to the diver trap below . enzo inhale steadily , he chest heaving like a bellow . he carefully put he spectacle inside he shoe , don he flipper , etc. , with he usual flair of suspense . behind he the supervisor and other construction worker watch expectantly . roberto heave a stone weight into the bay , a cable attach to it play out from a drum on the pier . enzo ignore everyone , grab the ordinary tire jack , flip - flop over to the now taut cable , the stone have hit bottom . he take a deep breath and dive into the bay . underwater - wreck enzo dive down a chimney of muck . pick he way over and around every hazard , until he reach the diver , trap under a huge piece of debris . he pat he shoulder to comfort he , he then insert the tire jack under a piece of concrete ... and , as if he be change a tire , begin to pump the handle ... slowly , in a swirl of mud and water , the chunk of debris rise off the diver 's leg . ext . construction site - day everyone be stare at the water silently , suspensefully . the supervisor have he checkbook in hand , but have completely forget it , intent upon what 's go on underwater . roberto tap he on the shoulder . roberto since we have a little time , what do you say you write that check ? underwater - wreck enzo cut the cable tangle around the diver 's torso . then he take off he flipper , plant he bare foot on the concrete , grab the diver by the shoulder and pull he free . the diver drop the air tube and climb as quickly as possible toward the surface . ext . construction site - day the diver surface , gasp for breath . a cheer go up from the crowd . several man hurry to pull he onto dry land . but there be no sign of enzo . everyone wait , breathless . roberto ( to the supervisor ) sign here . suddenly , enzo appear , burst out of the water , hold he flipper up in the air like a trophy . the onlooker cheer , help he out of the water , slapping he on the back . enzo toss the jack and he flipper to roberto . impassive and silent , he slip he arm into the prize fighter 's robe that roberto hold out for he , walk solemnly back to he car . roberto take the check and walk over to the car . enzo bend down into the car and open the roof . supervisor ( through the open roof smile ) thanks , thanks a lot . I mean that too ... you extortionist bastard ! the car rush off . in the distance we see a police ( carabinieri ) car and a old fire engine roll in the direction of the construction site . inside fiat - drive away enzo be car drive past they . enzo look at roberto out of the corner of he eye , then suddenly explode with joy . enzo dollar , Roberto ! we take he for ten thousand dollar ! roberto whoops and whistle . enzo reach over and lean on the horn . the little car race by and finally stop at the top of the cliff face the sea . ext . top of cliff - day the two brother sit back , relax . stare out to sea . roberto ( after a while ) enzo , what be you go to do with the money ? enzo have the car paint . roberto santini will do that for 25 dollar ! enzo then tell he to wax it too . roberto enzo , really . what be you go to get ? enzo ( think ) a rosary for mama , a dress for angelica , something with rhine - stone for what 's she name , and get yourself a suit that fit ... but most important ... roberto yes ? enzo find the frenchman . find I mayol . ext . flake of snow - mountain - day Mountain peak , stark and white . a winter sky which be strangely and disquietingly dark . a landscape sweep by snow . superimposed on screen : peru - lake huacracocha - may 1987 a yellow light come out of the storm -- advance toward we . the headlight of a train . a narrow gauge locomotive steam up grade push pile of snow in front of it . int . train - day sitting in the train , lean against the misty window , johana cross , 27 , have clear quick charm and a sort of romantic fragility . she be dress simply but warmly . she look through the window ; all she see be white . it be clear that she be not the one who decide on this trip . reading the key phrase from a beat - up note book , she call upon a old peruvian . johana ( in Spanish ) be this the lago del demonio ? ( es bien aqui el lago del demonio ) ... huacracocha ? the old man go into a long , rambling explanation . johana nod without understanding a thing . johana gracias . old man you welcome . ext . train station - day the train pull in , slowly push pile of snow in front of it and finally stop in front of a old shack which serve as the station . a man , frank , bundle in a parka , come out of a snowmobile park by the station , and walk up to the train . johana step down , carry she suitcase and drop two foot in the snow as she come off the last step . frank walk over and lean down towards she . frank ( smile ) welcome to Peru ! int . snowmobile - day frank throw the luggage into the back of the snowmobile , jump in and turn the ignition on . johana take she hat , scarf and glove off . frank glance over at she , he be both amused and charme . johana do not you have a heater ? frank ( hit at the dashboard ) yeah ... sure ... be this you first trip to Peru ? johana do anybody live to make a second ? frank smile and kick the heating system , then lean over to check it , he eye off the road . johana ( a little worried ) forget about the heater ! ext . lake of the demon - camp - day the storm be at its peak . the freeze snowmobile plow along side the lake huacracocha and stop in front of a cluster of quonset hut almost completely bury in snow . frank get the bag out of the back . the suitcase be by now freeze stiff . johana follow in he step . a couple of llama be huddle up against the hut in attempt to protect themselves from the storm . johana be bewilder . shack in the middle of the ande , the lake of the " demon " , and now llama that have to be push aside to enter one 's home . as frank open the door , a man be leave the hut . the man be jacque mayol . johana and jacque pass each other in slow motion . everything seem suddenly suspend : time , sound , cold ... jacque mayol instantly make a impression on she . he be now 34 , still dark - haire , with dark eye . he be wear a red diving suit and a pair of round goggle . he look like some legendary creature one would dream about . everything finally regains its formal speed . the door slam , the man be go . she and frank be in the middle of the entrance hall . johana have not yet get over the vision she have just have , but she regains composure and enter the next room . int . quonset hut johana happily take she glove off . frank put down the bag and walk into the next room . it 's a sort of laboratory , fill with ultra modern equipment . a big bay window overlook the lake on which be build a long wooden dock . sitting in a corner , a old peruvian man be prepare hot drink . johana drop into a chair . frank a drink to warm up ? johana yes , thank you . intravenous if possible . frank ( pull out a flask ) tea ... or whiskey ? johana ... both . do I just see a man in a red suit and goggle ? frank smile and pour some whiskey in she tea cup . frank ... right. ( call out ) Dr. lawrence ? the insurance man ... uh ... the insurance person be here ! lawrence it 's about time ! frank smile and pour johana some tea . she warm she hand on the cup . she ask blankly . johana would it be out of place to ask what he 's do ? frank who ? johana the guy in the Halloween suit ! lawrence come in from the other side of the room . he walk straight over to the bay window . lawrence do you have a nice trip ? we be get restless , it 's be three week since the accident . johana walk over to the bay window and start stare at something in the distance . ext . dock - on jacque at the end of the dock , jacque who be sit on the edge of a hole which be cut in the ice , be put a pair of glove on . he then grab the handle of a strange machine which emerge from the water and start take deep breath , oblivious to the cold , he mind completely elsewhere . back in lab johana watch jacque . she just can not believe she eye . lawrence be bent over one of he machine , fiddling with different switch . lawrence ( to johana ) you should get thing move , you know . we be out of equipment and we can not do half of we experiment ...! Frank , check the program ! johana be finally able to speak . johana who ... who be that ? lawrence mayol ... Jacques mayol . johana that 's the experiment ? dump a guy into a freeze lake ? lawrence turn one last knob . lawrence ... the truck fall into a very deep crevasse . we be not able to save the equipment . johana I will have to talk to the driver . lawrence in the spring when he melt ! johana walk closer to the window . she be not hearing a thing he 's say . jacque be put on he flipper . johana can not believe it . jacque be stand by a hole cut in the ice . he be hold onto the machine in the water . he be wave a mask . johana ( dumbfounded ) you really send he under the ice ? he be not a slave or a convict or anything ? lawrence my dear , science be a cruel mistress . johana but ... how be he go to breathe ? lawrence he be not go to breathe . jacque take a deep breath , turn a handle and a weight yank he straight down into the water . lawrence set he stop watch off and flip a few switch . johana grab he arm as if they could do something about it . lawrence listen ... he raise the volume : we hear the man 's heartbeat through a small speaker . lawrence that 's he heartbeat . ( excited ) can you hear the speed at which it 's slow down , it 's incredible . lawrence tear off the sheet with the heartbeat measure on it and hand it to johana . johana feel she 's on the verge of cry , and can not figure it out . underwater - jacque jacque stop he machine by turn one of the handle . he 's deep beneath the surface of the freeze lake . he swim deliberately , carefully into a large tube which be hinge open . he close it around himself . his heart be still slow down . he push a button on the machine , and a flash of light burst in the opaque night surround he . back in lab - on video screen we see a move X - ray image . lawrence he 's in the fluoroscope now . listen to he heart . impressive , huh ? the flow of blood be concentrate in the brain and do not even feed the limb anymore . it 's a phenomenon that have only be observe with dolphin ... until now . johana how long can he stay down ? without breathe ? lawrence it depend . he should come up soon . ( smile ) unless he 's decide to stay for the night . johana why be he do this ? lawrence for one thing , it 's he job ... as for the rest of it , I wish I know . johana sigh with relief as jacque appear at the surface in one big breath . johana should not somebody take he a blanket or something ? lawrence ( smile at Frank ) coffee might be nice . she head towards the Old peruvian and pour a cup of coffee ... johana ( afterthought ) will he understand Spanish ? lawrence his mother 's a american . he spend half of he life in the state . I would try English if I be you . ext . dock - jacque surfacing he 's groggy , half hypnotize . he look up at the dock , see johana with a cup of coffee . he stare at she . she hand he the coffee . jacque ( puzzle ) I recognize you . johana we see each other a little while ago . jacque ( serious ) in the lake ? johana ( wonder whether he be joke or not ) no ... in the hut . after a long beat ... jacque ( with a beautiful smile ) then it be somebody that look a lot like you ... thank you . jacque then turn around and walk toward the hut . johana still have not move , as if petrify by she emotion and the severe cold . she then walk up to the hole in the ice and peer into the dark water . she shudder . int . cabin - dawn johana emerge from a down sleep bag . she 's wear a big sweater and a wool hat . she be not sleep . intrigue by the sound of the snowmobile , she get up and walk over to the freeze window . jacque and frank be load they luggage onto the snowmobile . outside , lawrence be say " Goodbye " to jacque . unseen , johana also wave from behind she curtain . jacque sense something : he turn around toward the cabin and smile , wave he hand at johana . she hide behind the curtain and shyly wave back . jacque get into the snowmobile and drive out of the frame . we be leave with a endless array of snow - cape mountain . dissolve to : ext . cote d'azur - day fix image of the cote d' azur . the sparkling blue sea fade into the distance . a french taxi ride along the wind road overlook the creek . int . - taxi from behind all he bag , jacque obsessively stare at the sea . the driver smile . driver it 's beautiful , be not it ? jacque smile . driver we have some bad wind this week . the " mistral " !! " peuchere " ! there be not one olive leave on its tree . it suddenly leave we this morning ... I sure will not be the one to call it back . ext . antibe - road to marineland the taxi come to a stop in front of marineland . jacque get out , carry one of he bag . jacque ( to the driver ) I will only be five minute . he enter marineland . ext . marineland - on jacque the park be close , the path be desert . jacque approach the dolphin 's tank . all three dolphin rise up in the water . greet he with a click and clatter of tongue . jacque sit down at the edge of the tank . jacque good morning , everybody ! do you sleep well ? I sleep in a plane , and it be not too great . he open he duffel bag . hunt around , come up with two package wrap in brownpaper . the dolphin stare at he , intrigue . jacque ( call out ) hey ! present . the dolphin cackle some more . jacque you think I would forget you ? he laugh . the driver , who seem to be quite familiar with the place , walk in head straight over to the soda machine . out of the corner of he eye , he take in the scene , very intrigue . jacque have not notice he . he start unwrap the first package . jacque for bathsheba . he produce a little ceramic llama . on bathsheba look at the llama , bewilder . as bewilder as a dolphin can be . jacque turn the llama upside down . it moos : hiak , hiak ... jacque it 's a llama . you understand ? from Peru . it 's fight . bathsheba shake she head . jacque throw the llama into the water . he unwrap the second package . a pair of peruvian glove and hat . Wide eye , the driver sit in the stand to watch the show . jacque that 's for you , darjeel . we would not want you to catch cold ! he throw they to darjeeling who catch they . jacque and now ... ( sing out ) " ta , da ... " for you Tina . he pull out a thermos . jacque something you have never see either . he open the thermos . jacque snow ! he sprinkle snow flake on tina be head . she try to taste it . jacque ( smile like a child ) a new experience , tina. ( nostalgic ) I miss you little rascal . do you get my post card ? the three dolphin leap into the air and land with a huge splash which soak jacque . he take he shirt off . jacque ( pretend to be serious ) oh ? be that what you want ? alright , but five minute , no more . I have a taxi wait . he take off he pants . the taxi driver get up , as if to keep he from go in . jacque dive into the pool . underwater - on jacque he swim under the dolphin , reach out and grab hold of the dolphin 's snout . the dolphin pull jacque around and around the basin while jacque pet he chest and belly . we have never see jacque so relaxed and happy . dissolve to : ext . manhattan - dawn overview of a gray and dirty Manhattan morning . johana depressed , stare blankly out of the window of a yellow cab . she watch the muddy brown water flow under the Brooklyn Bridge . the driver keep yell obscenity to all the car around he . ext . manhattan - day a suitcase in each hand , johana get out of the cab and walk up the stair of she apartment . int . hallway - day johana put down she suitcase wearily . catch she breath and get out she key . she try one in the top lock . it do not work . she try harder . there 's a woman 's voice yell angrily from inside the apartment . sally ( o.s. ) I change the lock you son of a bitch ! johana ... Sally ? the door open . sally you be back ! hello . we be burgle . johana again ? sally they get the new t.v. johana come in , look at the ransacke apartment . sally ... and the new stereo . johana I hope they remember to take the microwave this time ? sally yep . how be you trip ...? help I clean up , okay ? johana you call the police ? sally they be go to send detective . when they get around to it . johana ( shrugging ) so what , all they ever want be you phone number anyway . johana go over , slump into a easy chair and sigh . after a beat ... sally well ? johana what ? sally how be you trip ? johana ( flatly ) Nice ... very interesting ... great ! ( doubtfully ) ... I guess . sally ( ironically ) okay ... who would you meet ? johana open she handbag , take out the strip of electrocardiogram paper , hand it to she . sally a cardiogram ...? you meet a doctor ! congratulation , you be in the chip ... ( a afterthought ) unless they have socialize medicine in Peru . do they ? johana ( indicate paper ) it 's he heartbeat . sally oh Jesus ...! I will make some coffee . ( start toward kitchen ) they leave the stove . time dissolve : int . apartment - later the live room be almost completely put back together ... sally be replace book in the bookcase , johana be use a carpet sweeper , and talk away . johana ( nonstop ) 6'3 " , 6 '1 " , maybe 5 ' 9 " -- you can not be sure , you know the flipper , they add height or they take it away , or something . anyway short dark hair ... not punk or anything , just short . and the cutest smile . he be not smile at I , I do not think -- just smile . and he think he see I in the lake . I mean that be a figure of speech ... they be so romantic , the french . sally ( bored , half asleep ) I think you say he be peruvian ? johana ( annoyed ) have not you be listen ? sally open the drape , revealing it 's dawn outside . sally ... since eight o'clock last night ...! you be in love . johana do not be a jerk . ( emphatically ) there 's no such thing as love at first sight . dissolve to : underwater - swimming pool jacque be swim alone at the bottom of a gigantic swim pool . he wear a monofin , he head and chest be wire up to a assistant who run back and forth alongside the pool . a man 's foot be see walk over to the side of the pool . jacque be swim lap , arching he body like a dolphin . as he approach one end of the pool , he see a coin slowly fall in front of he . jacque pick it up and look at it : it 's a old Greek coin . jacque smile and swim to the surface . ext . on side of swimming pool - day jacque poke he head out of the water and pull off he goggle . enzo stand over he , smile . enzo Jacques , my friend , how be you ? jacque ( happy ) enzo ... a beat . enzo I leave you swim and twenty year later , you be still in the water ! what the hell be you do ? train ? jacque yes . a uneasiness sweep over enzo's face and quickly disappear . enzo that 's good . ( smile again ) you never would have recognize I , huh ? check out the suit ! look good , no ? you know I be the world champion ? jacque yes , I know . enzo I dove 315 foot ! jacque great ! enzo they say I be like lazarus . you know , the guy who be raise from the dead ?! he laugh . jacque smile . enzo go on . enzo ( serious ) do not it surprise you that I just show up like this ... listen , the world championship start in ten day in taormina . be my guest . enzo put down a airplane ticket on the side of the pool . enzo you ticket . surprise , jacque look over at the ticket . jacque why ? enzo because I be sure you be die to beat I . jacque ( shaking he head ) I do not want to be in any competition ... I dive because I like to , not to beat a record ... do not you have to be very mad at somebody to want to beat he ? enzo no . all you need be to want to be the best . jacque ( smile ) you be the best , enzo ! enzo ( with a tense grin on he face ) that 's too easy ! every time I beat a record there 's always some dumbshit ask I : " d' you know that french guy , mayol ? he 's suppose to be very good ! too bad he do not compete . " so , you be go to come with I to taormina ! first , because you be my friend and second , because you do not have one reason to keep on spoil my pleasure . ( he push the airplane ticket to Jacques ) ... I will see you there ... ext . office build - new york - day int . duffy' office - duffy - johana she be seat across the desk from he . he 's read through she report . behind he , outside the large plate glass window , window - washer be seat on a scaffold suspend far above the city . they eat lunch . johana's eye wander ( bored ) around the office as duffy read . he look up . duffy ( indicate report ) this be good work ... unfortunately it 's incomplete . ( he glance at the window ) could you eat a sandwich 40 floor above the street . johana ( absently ) what kind ? duffy johana , be I boring you ? johana sorry . of course not , definitely not ... well , maybe a little . what do you say ? duffy I say that the file be incomplete . see if you can get through to this lawrence character and have he send the peruvian registration for he miss truck ... and do not let he tell you it be in the glove compartment . johana right Chief ! she start out of the office . duffy ( to she back ) do the driver really freeze ? johana like a popsicle . they be keep he on a stick until spring . duffy my God ! I be glad I do not go . johana ( under she breath , leave ) ... so be i. int . quonset hut - peru - day Doctor lawrence cover one ear with he hand as he yell into the phone . lawrence ( scream ) ... I say , all the truck papers be in the glove compartment ! int . johana's office - manhattan johana sit at she desk , she too be yell into the telephone . her colleague look over at she and smile . johana ( with a sigh ) okay , listen , just get the custom 's office to send I a copy as fast as possible . we can not send you new equipment until we file be complete . okay ? int . quonset hut - peru - day lawrence okay , okay . you will have it by the end of the week , how 's that ? johana ( v.o. ) you have make I a happy insurance person . lawrence then , goodbye . he be just about to hang up . int . johana's office - manhattan johana jump up . johana wait ! Professor ...? lawrence ( v.o . ) ... yes ? johana start snooping around the papers on she desk , embarrassed by the presence of she colleague . johana ( as softly as possible ) you do not know how I could reach that diver of yours ... mayol ... we need some additional information ... I mean , we have a few question to ask he . int . quonset hut - peru - day lawrence the last thing I hear , he be off to taormina for the world diving championship . that 's taormina , in Sicily ! int . duffy' office - day johana dash in without knock . johana listen , I just find out we have get real problem in Sicily ! duffy ( alarmed ) what d' you mean ? johana ( improvise ) the mafia ! La cosa nostra ! coppola ! De niro ...! I know it ! I know we should not have write that policy !! duffy ( pale ) what 's happen ?? johana the document be forge . duffy no ! johana yes ! the notary be a phony . he have the same signature as the contractor ! duffy ( outrage ) it can not be true ! johana ( fast talk ) we have to send somebody over there immediately ! if we prove the forgery we can cancel the policy . we will be off the hook . there 's a flight to Rome in two hour and from there its just a short hop to Sicily . duffy ( reach for phone ) I will send cardoza , he will be able to ... johana ( interrupt ) I try he , he can not go . his son be be bar mitzvohed tomorrow ... I will go , boss . duffy I think it be Spanish that you speak ? johana ( after a beat ) italian be practically the same thing . ext . port of messine - day a ferry come into the dock , as a plank be slowly lower . as it descend , four rail car lie in wait in its belly . johana come off the boat , carry she suitcase , she wear a light summer dress . she look around , seem a little lose . a white fiat taxi screech to a halt beside she . johana jump . the driver whose arm loosely dangle from the car window , grin at she . driver ... taxi ? ext . san domenico - day the white fiat taxi pull up in front of the san domenico hotel , but it be jacque who get out of it . the driver help he with he bag . receptionist ( check the book ) mayol ... mayol ... no reservation . jacque ( uncomfortable ) ... be you sure ? receptionist positive , sir. jacque look down at the piece of paper staple to he ticket . jacque this be the hotel San Domenico ? receptionist yes Sir , and it have be so for 127 year . jacque ( more and more uncomfortable ) yes , but ... so , you have not get a room leave ? receptionist no Sir , the hotel be full because of the dive championship . jacque ah ?! the receptionist start work on he papers again . jacque , completely lose , stare blankly at the hotel clerk , wonder what to do next . int . HOTEL - day the tiny fiat clatter onto the sidewalk in front of the hotel narrowly avoid the countess ' limo . Parks its frontwheel on the sidewalk , rear end in the road . enzo , follow by roberto , get out of he car , like a king descend from he carriage . on the way , he stop and kiss a distinguished elderly woman 's hand ? the hotel 's contessa . enzo toss he key to a doorman who step up to complain . enzo ( to doorman ) be careful with that car , it 's a new paint job . enzo enter the hotel and see jacque . enzo ( yell across the lobby ) giacomino ! my friend ! my brother ! enzo and jacque . the two man kiss each other on both cheek , pound each other back . they be both move . enzo ( look at he ) so you finally decide to join we ? you do the right thing ! enzo ( to the desk clerk ) hey paolo ! come stai ? get my key ! ( to Jacques , gesture over he shoulder ) you remember my little brother Roberto ? Roberto ( 26 ) nod to jacque who shake he hand . jacque I remember . hi Roberto ! enzo what room have you get ? jacque I do not have one . enzo you do not have a room ? ( at the top of he lung ) paolo ? what do I just hear ? I personally call you to reserve a room for my good friend Jacques mayol and you treat he like a stranger ?! jacque ( embarrassed ) it 's okay , enzo . I will go somewhere else . enzo not only be Jacques mayol a very special friend , but he happen to be one of the best diver in the world ! and you be throw he out ! be you crazy , or what ? stupido ! jacque ( really embarrassed now ) enzo drop it , I will find something . enzo look at he for a moment and give he a warm smile . he hand he he own key . enzo take mine . I will take the countess ' suite . she tell I she be leave for the cemetery ... she will be more comfortable there . paolo half - heartedly , hand he the key . enzo glance at jacque to make sure he 's properly impressed . he throw he arm around jacque ' shoulder , hug he and give he a real smile . enzo ( sincerely ) I be glad you be here . ext . HOTEL terrace taormina - jacque - enzo - day they're at a table on a terrace that overlook the sea . they have just arrive and all around they people be lunching away furiously . enzo beckon to a pass waiter who come to the table . he 's a very handsome , slightly effeminate young man . enzo ( to waiter ) " spaghetti del mare " ( to Jacques ) it 's delicious here . it 's the one thing they really know how to make . waiter Del mare for two ? jacque ( nodd quickly ) yes , sure , for two . enzo and a bottle of " frascatti " . two bottle ! waiter Si signore , grazie mille . the waiter hurry away . enzo watch he departure , then thoughtfully . enzo he move just like a woman . ( then , as if he be speak to Jacques ) it must be hard to live in two world like that , huh ? to breathe in one , swim in the other ... jacque nod without really know . enzo ( suddenly louder ) anyway ! nothing beat a sexy broad ! huh , Jacques ! enzo start laugh . jacque would like to crawl under the table . time dissolve to : ext . HOTEL terrace taormina - jacque - enzo - later they lunch be on the table , half eat . enzo ... so , after all this year , you must have lot of question to ask . be I right ? jacque ( quickly ) yes , of course . lot of question . jacque be satisfied with he answer . he think that the subject be close . they eat silently for a moment . enzo watch he . then : enzo well , what be they ? jacque ( give up ) I be sorry ... I do not know how to ask the question . enzo burst out laugh . enzo well , then . I will do the ask for you . " tell I dear enzo , how do you become World Champion ? " oh , that 's a long story . ( he voice change ) well , after you leave amorgos , I go back to Italy and join the navy . so you now have in front of you -- Captain molinari , who 's be on leave of absence for the past 14 year ... jacque that 's good . enzo how do you make a live ? you experiment , do it pay well ? jacque it 's okay . enzo ... you marry ? jacque do not seem to have ever think about marriage . jacque no . enzo I neither , ' cause of my mother . she 's a curse , my mamma , a tornado . stubborn as a mule ! I be engage ... for a week . after that , mamma be so mad , I tell you , pasta be bounce off the wall . jacque smile . enzo so , not marry . well , good for you . you play the field , like I . a girl in every port , huh ? jacque ( bluff ) exactly , I mean , after all , we be man ! enzo ( slapping the table top ) damn right ! that 's what I tell they when people say you have turn into a fish . jacque ( concerned ) people say that ? enzo ( sorry he go too far ) forget it . I be joke . ext . entrance to terrace - on johana johana come out of the stone tunnel which lead to the terrace . she look over the crowd , try to find someone . jacque be sit with he back to she . she finally spot he and walk over to the table . enzo eh! La madonna ! this one be for I . I will bet you my watch that she 's in my bed tonight . jacque turn around and recognize she . johana smile and walk up to the table . enzo take he watch off and put it on the table . enzo ( quickly ) I tell you she 's mine ! johana ( to Jacques ) hello ! enzo ( surprised ) you know each other ? johana yes . enzo enzo molinari . enzo kiss she hand and brushes he watch off the table in the same movement . enzo this be a great pleasure . johana ( laugh at the protocol ) johana Cross , pleased to meet you . ( then to Jacques , fake surprise ) well ! be not this a coincidence . I really be not expect this ... all the way out here . it 's incredible ! jacque please , have a seat . johana thank you . I would not want to interrupt anything . johana sit down . jacque no , no ! enzo not at all ! jacque you be stay at the hotel ? johana I wish , but it 's full . they recommend a pension in town . they say that all of taormina be full . what 's go on here ? enzo it 's the free dive World championship . I be by the way world champion ! johana have turn toward jacque , pay no attention to enzo . jacque can not stop look at johana . jacque but what bring you to Sicily ? johana I be do a insurance investigation in palermo . ( to enzo ) I work for a insurance company . ( back to Jacques ) so , I decide to take a few day off . ( uncomfortable ) I do not know this island at all . it really be gorgeous . enzo there be no place in the world more beautiful than Sicily ! the waiter pass behind they . enzo reach out , grab he by the arm , pull he to the table . enzo ( to waiter ) a spaghetti del mare for the super dedicated travel insurance agent . johana ( smile ) I think I will have a coffee . jacque no , no . you will like it . it 's superb . johana ... okay . I will try . enzo pour the wine . johana shrug fatalistically . the waiter leave . jacque , intrigue , stare at johana . she pretend not to notice . enzo ( impatient ) where do you two meet ? johana in a lake . enzo I might have know . ( to johana ) as I be tell you earlier , I be the world champion free diver . johana congratulation . enzo some people say it 's the most virile sport in the world . one have to admit that when you see that man diving head first in that deep blue sea , all muscle contract in one super human effort ... jacque ( interrupt ) enzo ? enzo ( annoyed ) what ? jacque you mother ? enzo ahi , ahi , cazzo ! ma mamia ! where ...? God , she will kill I ... ( push the plate in front of johana ) ... if she catch I eat pasta in a restaurant . he quickly brushes off the crumb in front of he . on enzo's mother head toward they . she 's a huge woman in widow 's black . she shoulder she way through the table . roberto carry she suitcase follow at she heel . enzo jump to he foot . throw he arm around she . enzo ... mamma ! mamma molinari ( expressionless ) you expect I to carry all the luggage myself ? enzo mamma . Roberto and a elevator ... be not that enough ? a beat . signora molinari inspect the plate on the table . mamma molinari ( suspiciously ) what have you be eat ? enzo coffee only , I be diving tomorrow . you remember little Jacques , Jacques mayol ... jacque ( timidly ) Madame ... enzo ... and he friend , johana ... signora molinari nod grudgingly . waiter ( arrive proudly ) spaghetti del mare ! Dead silence . enzo be the only one with no plate in front of he . signora molinari be eyebrow condense into a dark stripe across she forehead . johana hand enzo's plate to the waiter and take the full one . johana ( to waiter ) thank you . and begin to eat , ignore the expression of amazement all around she . mamma molinari americana ? johana nod enthusiastically , she mouth too full to speak . mamma molinari ( impressed , to johana ) benvenuto ! mamma molinari have a huge grin on she face . ext . taormina STREET - jacque , johana - twilight they emerge onto the street in front of the entrance of a small rooming house . jacque be carry johana be luggage . the old pension be cover in bright pink bougainvilliers , there be laundry hang on the other side of the street . johana thanks for help with the bag . ( she look up at the pension with little enthusiasm ) it look great ! jacque I think it be a nice place . ( suddenly doubting ) be not it ? johana I be be a pain in the ass . ( look at he ) it 's beautiful here . they look at each other . jacque be silent . he just stand there , a suitcase in each hand . johana break the silence . johana you be go to be very busy this day be not you ? jacque I do not know ... why ? johana just because ... I would have like to visit the town ... see the coast ... I do not know anybody ... expect for you . ( feel she have go too far ) but you be go to be very busy . you must have ton of thing to prepare , interview ... and a competition like this one must require a great deal of concentration , right ? jacque ( shake he head negatively ) yes ... maybe ... I do not know . I do not like competition ... it ruin the fun . do not you think ? johana ( with a faint smile ) I guess ... but you know ... I be american and I have mostly be teach to be competitive ... there 's always pleasure of be the best ? jacque maybe on earth there be one ... but not when you dive ... you see , to dive deep into the sea , for no reason ... just to do it . it 's a feel ... I do not know how to say this ... voluptuous ? he look up at she as he pronounce the last word . she smile at he , lovingly . johana ( laugh ) you can put down the suitcase , you know . he let go of the suitcase . suddenly , behind they , there be a loud screech of tire . the fiat tear across the street . enzo in he fiat . he poke he head out of the window . enzo c'mon , you two ... Jacques , we have to get ready for the ceremony tonight . we have a new world champion . jacque I be a little tired , I do not know if ... enzo get in the car ! int . enzo's suite - enzo , jacque , roberto - night they're in front of a wardrobe look jacque over in the full - length mirror . he 's wear a evening shirt and a tuxedo of enzo be . the collar be too big , the sleeve hangover he hand . he look at himself dubiously in the mirror . enzo Roberto ! the bow-tie ! roberto hand enzo the bow-tie , he hook it around jacque ' collar . enzo ( take a few step back ) very good . jacque look down at he tennis shoe . roberto what about the shoe ? enzo very chic. ( hesitates ) anyway , you do not have anything else , do you ? jacque no . enzo then , it 's very chic . avanti ! ext . reception on terrace - night a big reception be organize on the terrace of the hotel . the official diver and technician be all gather in front of a podium . the terrace be load with photographer . roberto keep turn round and round the long buffet table . jacque be alone at the bar . incongruous detail : a whiskey bottle on the table beside he . johana enter . she have also have a few drink . johana I think you would be at the dinner . jacque it 's too loud for I . he tug at he over- size tuxedo . johana you look adorable . jacque thank you ... johana ( smile ) ... especially the sneaker . jacque look down at he foot , do not know what to make of she comment . johana sit down beside he and pour herself a drink . they touch glass . ext . on podium - night on the podium , novelli , the organizer of the championship , stand in he tuxedo , talk into a microphone . a older man in a wear out suit , stand next to he . novelli lady and gentlemen , you attention , please . Mr. Andre bonnet , President of the International dive championship Committee , be go to present this trophy to the new world champion of free diving . this afternoon , we new champion descend to the remarkable depth of 280 foot . the audience applaud . novelli this young man tia ... novelli can not quite read he note . novelli tiraro ... tirao-re ... moa ... andre bonnet take he turn to read the note . a young tahitian jump up , head for the podium . tahitian tiraero moameora . novelli hesitates to repeat the name . novelli ... let 's all give he a big hand . the audience cheer and applaud the new champion . enzo sit at a table , watch the ceremony . enzo ( very sarcastic ) a one day hero ! he get up and walk out of the room . int . bar - night jacque and johana be sit at the bar . the whiskey have go to they head . enzo walk over to they . enzo a new world record ! that 's great ! it give I something to beat tomorrow ! ( to johana ) you ever be to tahiti ? johana no . enzo I will take you there . we will live in the sun . you will cook fresh fish and we will make love under the coconut tree . johana smile and shake she head . johana you forget the hula ! enzo yes , of course , I will do the hula ! johana you will be lovely , but no thanks . ( to Jacques ) Jacques , would you do a native dance for I ? jacque I do not know how ... Excuse I . jacque leave the bar . johana watch he go . enzo notice she way of watch he . he 's a little jealous . enzo he look strange , do not he ? like a baby that just learn to walk . johana have you know he long ? enzo forever . we use to live on the same island in Greece , when we be kid . johana what be he like , when he be little ? enzo Little . very little . and skinny , very skinny too . that be compare to I . johana ( amused ) I get it , enzo you be a superior child . enzo exactly ! what be it johana ? you be so crazy about he , you do not see the truth ?! she do not answer . enzo forget it , do not think of Jacques as a human be . he 's from another world . she smile . johana and just where be you from ? enzo Italy ! ext . terrace of the HOTEL - night enzo sit at the grand piano in the corner of the terrace . Beethoven be always a favorite of he . jacque , very tipsy by now walk over , a glass in each hand . he hand enzo a glass , then take off he tennis shoe and sit they neatly on the piano . enzo there be nothing like music . it speak from the heart . can you tell I why we bother diving in the dark , the cold , without ever take the time to breathe ? huh ? can you tell I why we do it ? jacque nod . enzo why ? jacque ... for the mermaid . enzo smile , move . enzo my father use to see they everywhere too ... but the only one he ever catch be my mother ... actually she catch he . a beat . jacque today at lunch , you ask I if I have any question . enzo ah ha . you finally want to know about woman . jacque why ? be they what 's most important ? enzo no ... it depend ... sometimes they be ... what , exactly do you want to know ? jacque ... everything . enzo everything about what ? jacque ( think ) well ... about everything . enzo grin at jacque and start play again . time dissolve to later : jacque and enzo there be now several empty champagne bottle around . they be both quite drunk . enzo be philosophize . johana be look for they . enzo ... so , between mamma , Roberto and the sister , we yell and scream all day long . except with angelica . she just cry . and then finally , we all end up kissing . can you explain that to I ? jacque can not answer . enzo because that 's what love be all about . it 's a pain in the ass but keep we together . ( then , in a half dream , half desperate tone ) a large and beautiful family ! johana walk over to they . jacque ( suddenly ) enzo ... we must quit the competition . enzo hit a wrong note on the piano . enzo ( worried ) why ? jacque if we do not ... I be go to beat you . johana stand next to jacque . enzo ( with a nervous laugh ) huh ? well listen to he ! ( to johana ) do you hear that ? johana no . enzo he look I in the eye like some fuckin ' gold fish , and say : " I be go to beat you " . johana ( with a smile ) ... that 's what he 's here for , be not he ? enzo listen to she ! " that 's what he 's here for " ! he 's here to loose , that 's what he 's here for . first of all , I be unbeatable . second , how old be you ? jacque two year young than you . enzo as I say , second of all you be too skinny . you have get tiny lung . I still do not understand how you can dive without get sick . jacque the size of the lung have nothing to do with it ! enzo look at I . this be not lung . this be ... tank . how long can you hold you breath ? enzo be get really angry . the drink have a lot to do with it . jacque ( impatiently ) I do not know . long than you . enzo pull open he collar and rise . enzo we will see . ext . HOTEL - swimming pool - underwater - night jacque and enzo dive into the pool in they tuxedos . each one carry a beach umbrella in a concrete base to help they stay at the bottom . enzo take two goblet out of he pocket , hand they to jacque . take a bottle of Champagne out of the other pocket and open it . the cork float out of the bottle . above on the surface of the pool there 's a splash . johana find a mask on the side of the pool and watch they . her dress be soak by now . enzo pour champagne . courteous and grave , they clink glass and begin to drink . they have already be underwater longer than a minute . they can not really drink out of the glass and enzo offer jacque the bottle . jacque study the label like a connoisseur . he drink , pass the bottle back to enzo . int . HOTEL corridor - night paramedics roll two stretcher toward the elevator at full speed . enzo on one , jacque on the other . both man keep throw up water . int . jacques' room - night the paramedics roll the stretcher toward the bed . johana very worried , follow they . johana take it easy ... paramedic do not worry , he 's empty now . he need sleep , that 's all . the two man leave the room . johana walk over to the chair and rearrange jacque ' shirt and jacket which the paramedic have throw down . jacque look like he 's just have a very rough night . he sit up and grab the side of the bed , as if he be on a move boat . jacque who win ? johana turn around , furious . johana won what ? the ass hole Award ? well , let I tell you , it 's a tie ! she walk over to the bed . johana acting like a pair of two year old ! you could have die in that damn pool ! jacque please move slowly , you be rock the boat . johana ( smile ) lucky I be there to save you . jacque ( see she wet dress ) you jump in ? johana only to help the medic , I assure you . jacque my wallet . johana wet , walk over to the wet clothes on the chair . she pull out jacque soaking wallet from one of the jacket pocket . johana it 's still here . she try to wipe it . jacque no . I want to show you . be it ruin ? johana well , water be not exactly the best thing for picture ... not even for picture of dolphin ... jacque give it to I . johana hand he the photograph . he stare at it , look very sad . worried johana sit down next to he . jacque ( on the verge of tear ) my real family ... ( he look at the picture and cry ) what kind of man have such a family ? she take the picture out of he hand . he be so upset that johana can hardly help from cry with he . she sit next to he and stroke he hair . jacque I be sick of never feel at home anywhere . johana take he in she arm . he break down . ext . HOTEL - dawn the early morning sun slowly light up the water . a yacht have leave the hotel dock . it be move out to sea off the coast of taormina . ext . yacht - on deck this be the Committee Boat for the diving competition . on the boat , roberto be worried . he check he watch and finally decide to wake up he brother . enzo be asleep in the fore peak , curl up on a coil of line , snore away . he wear he tuxedo jacket over a skimpy bathing suit . roberto enzo , wake up ! enzo ( pull from he dream ) eh? si! avanti ! he get up on one arm . roberto the medic be look all over for you . enzo ( irritate ) I be meditate , can not you see ? Jacques do two hour of yoga before go down . I can take a five minute nap , can not I ? the boat stop . the anchor be throw over board . the sailor , technician and official be get ready for the competition . today be enzo be turn to dive . a man be hook a plaque indicate the depth ( 324 foot ) onto a lead disk which he heave into the water on a cable . int . yacht - doctor' cabin - day a medic be bend over enzo , take he blood pressure . roberto pull the tuxedo jacket down . the doctor put a blood pressure band around enzo be upper arm , pump it up . he listen with he stethoscope . doctor Mr. molinari , I be terribly sorry but I cannot allow you to dive in such a advanced state of exhaustion . enzo jump to he foot , grab the doctor by he lapel , lift he in the air . enzo ( outrage ) what do you know about the sea ? huh ? nothing ! so you just put you tube and tin can away . the sea be mine ! I know when she be ready for I and when she be not . and today , she be ready . understand ? doctor you dive at you own risk . you be be warn . enzo smile and pat the doctor on the shoulder . enzo brave . ext . yacht - on diving platform it 's a large float , rig to the stern of the Committee Boat . roberto and a assistant help enzo down the swim ladder to the platform . he 's wear a wet suit and fin . he flip - flop to the end of the platform . roberto hand he he mask . the goggle be fill with polystyrene to eliminate as much air pressure as possible . only two pinhole to see through . the mask fit tightly over he nose . when enzo put it on , he look like a astonished insect . enzo breathes faster and faster . roberto hold the wire control the weight diving apparatus . enzo cross himself , take a last long gulp of air . roberto release the weight . it sink and drag enzo down , he quickly disappear into the dark water ... black and white but this be jacque as he be a child . he swim along the bottom , find and pick up a gold coin . we can see its ancient marking , a youth on a dolphin . jacque look up . in front of he be a dolphin , float vertically , still , apparently just watch . jacque be not scared anymore . but every time he swim toward the dolphin , it move further away . it finally disappear . int . HOTEL room - jacque - day he sit bolt upright in bed , awaken by he dream . he look around the room , try to get he bearing . johana be asleep in a chair across the room . on the wall behind she , she last night dress be drying on a hanger . she 's wrap up in a hotel bathrobe fast asleep . jacque finally awake from he dream , see johana sleep . he walk over to she , touch she shoulder . she wake up , start out of the chair . she grab the blanket to cover herself , and in do so , a book fall on the floor . it 's one of he . johana you scared I ! jacque pick up the book . johana smile . johana just check up on you family . ( then embarrassed ) I guess I be drunker than I think and the idea of go back to my hotel in a wet dress ... well ... jacque I be glad you stay . thank you . johana ( get up ) I would better get back now . jacque you ... you would not want to spend the day with I ? she sit back in she chair , amaze that he would even ask . jacque ( self conscious ) ... no ? johana no? huh ? ( she say " no " as if she have ask the question ) yes , of course !! ext . marineland - taormina - day jacque and johana enter the dolphinarium . johana be wear a old pair of jacque short along with a oversize T-shirt and roll up sweater . she seem quite pleased with she new attire . jacque and johana walk straight through marineland and head toward the dolphin pool . it 's pretty crowded , mostly kid . the dolphin be lie motionless at the bottom of the pool . the trainer be tired of throw fish in the pool and get absolutely no reaction . jacque what 's the matter ? trainer I do not understand . we have try for two day . they will not eat . they will not perform . it 's since we get the new one . close on dolphin surfacing . it thrust its head over the edge of the pool , look to jacque and speak . jacque be she the new one ? surprise , the trainer nod . johana look over at jacque then at the dolphin . she do not understand . johana how can you tell it 's a female ? jacque ... the way she move . Three other dolphin gather around the one that jacque be patting . jacque be stare at the female dolphin . it look like the animal be try to tell he something . suddenly the dolphin grab he by the sleeve and pull he into the pool . underwater - dolphin pool jacque hang onto the dolphin 's muzzle . let 's it pull he along . the dolphin swim to a far corner of the pool , and pull jacque to the bottom . the other dolphin circle above . ext . dolphin pool - day jacque pop up . as he do , three dolphin leap in the air behind he . johana walk closer to the pool . she be so excited by what jacque be do , she finally fall into the pool . after a while , jacque get out of the pool and help johana out . trainer do you ever think of try the public pool ? johana he 's a dolphin specialist . trainer in that case what 's wrong with the new one ? be she sick or not . jacque ( take he time to answer ) not the way you mean . trainer what be I suppose to do ? do I call the dealer ...? the investment , you understand ... I certainly be entitle to complain ! jacque it 's go to cost you more than you think ! jacque turn around and walk off . johana catch up with he . jacque she 's not like the other . she can not stand to be away from the sea . johana ( impressed ) how do you know that ? jacque ( stop ) I do not know , I just feel it . int . hall - HOTEL - day jacque and johana be walk across the corridor . enzo walk up to they , follow by he tribe . everybody be congratulate he . roberto be scream , mamma molinari be cry . enzo smile as he talk back to they . he see jacque . enzo ( scream ) ah! Jacques ! enzo grab hold of he shoulder . jacque and johana be completely soak . enzo do not be sad , I only take back what be mine . he give jacque the diving plaque , it read 280 foot . enzo here , it 's a present . johana and jacque smile at each other . jacque have win he bet . jacque ( touch ) ... thank you . enzo slap he on the shoulder . enzo ( to johana ) tonight we be have a little party among ourselves . 8 o'clock in my suite ? johana okay . enzo walk off then turn back toward they . he whisper in jacque ' ear . enzo tell I ... can you explain why you be soaking wet ? a beat . johana ... we be in training . enzo walk off . int . HOTEL corridor - night Three formally dress official be wait in front of one of the hotel room . one of they hold a medal in he hand , a glass of champagne in the other . novelli ( through the door ) Mr. Roberto , tell you brother to be reasonable . everyone be wait for he upstairs . the photographer be there , the press ... roberto ( o.s. ) he can not , he 's indispose . novelli ( try to keep he calm ) shall we call a doctor ? roberto no , it 's okay . mamma be go to try something . jacque and johana walk up from the other side of the hall and stop in front of the same door . novelli Mr. mayol , help we . he refuse to receive he medal and everybody be wait for he up there . we already have problem with the press because of the danger , and if we do not even have the diver help ...! jacque ( dubious ) ... I will do my best . novelli that 's very kind of you . jacque knock on the door . jacque it 's Jacques ... mayol ! a beat . then enzo open the door himself . enzo Jacques ! my friend ! come on in ! the official look at each other baffle . novelli Mr. enzo molinari , allow I to impress upon you the importance of you attend the Award ceremony ... for the press ... enzo ( loose he temper ) I think my brother tell you I be indispose , that should do it , no ? I be allow to be indispose , right ? so , you just tell the press that the " big " enzo molinari , overwhelm by he inspiring descent to 324 foot , will not be able to receive this trinket because he be ... he look inquisitively at the three man . enzo loose he temper . enzo because he be ?! one of the three men ... indispose . enzo ( smile ) brave ! he slam the door in they face . int . HOTEL - enzo's room - night jacque tell I , why do not you go and get you medal ? enzo because pasta should be eat " Al dente " . so the trinket will just have to wait a bit . enzo take jacque by the shoulder . Inside he room be absolute chaos : dance , sing , eat . wet suit hang out to dry everywhere . mamma molinari be whipping up mountain of spaghetti on a improvise stove in the middle of the room . a lot of smoke ... steam ... color ... noise ... all of Italy cramme into a few square foot . johana take in by the warm atmosphere , sit in a corner of the room . jacque walk over and sit down at she side . enzo ( to mamma ) mamma ! La pasta ?! mamma molinari arrivo ! arrivo ! she point at roberto who be take forever to grate the cheese . enzo grab the guitar from he other brother 's hand and start play . enzo ... it 's easy . you go down . you come up . ( to johana ) ... right , johana ? johana ( smile ) congratulation , enzo . enzo do not you agree , Jacques ? jacque ... you always be the best . enzo laugh then see he mother . enzo ah ! La pasta ! enzo start sing in italian . mamma molinari serve the pasta , roberto follow she around , sprinkle he cheese on the plate . she serve johana a huge plate of pasta , enough for three giant . mamma molinari ( with a smile ) buon appetito , signorina ! johana who be not even hungry , grin uncertainly . jacque have walk up to enzo . he do not dare ask he question . enzo ( smile ) what 's the matter ? you still have a bunch of thing to ask I ? you want to know the price of tea in China of how we land on the moon ? be that it ? enzo laugh . jacque be serious . jacque no , I have to ask you a favor ... ( a beat ) you be the only one who will understand . enzo ( seriously ) ... I be listen . int . corridor - night mamma molinari tutto va be ? the three official be eat pasta , plate on they knee . they mouth be too full to speak , they nod enthusiastically . novelli ( mouth full ) Gracie mille , chignora . mamma molinari smile and slam the door . int . fiat - night jacque be drive , johana sit beside he . enzo cramme in the back seat , very uncomfortably , because of a stretcher which take up all the space . they be dress as they be at enzo be party . enzo ( lean forward ) hey ! will you slow down ! when do you learn how to drive ? jacque driving be not the problem , it 's remember the right road . jacque run a red light . enzo and the light ! running light , steal stretcher ...! you will have we in jail . johana enzo , stop bitching , will you ? ext . marineland parking lot - fiat - night they get out of the car . jacque start to change into he swim trunk . enzo shake he head , can not believe he 's really come along . he laugh and start undress . int . / ext . fiat - STREET taormina - night it 's a very narrow street . the car move down it quickly . jacque drive . the back seat be now occupy by the dolphin . its nose and tail protrude through the window . johana be in the front seat , turn around , spraying the dolphin with a water can . ext . beach - night they have drive to the public beach . they slowly lower the stretcher into the water . the dolphin , leave the stretcher , swim around a little but will not go away . he will not leave jacque . jacque ( move ) you can not stay here ! come on ! go away ! jacque swim off with she for a while . enzo walk back toward the car with the stretcher . johana , stand by the water look at jacque and the dolphin who be swim off together . jacque keep splash the dolphin as they swim . enzo you can stop that now , she have all the water she need . jacque can not get rid of the dolphin . enzo all right , we do it . let 's go back to the party . jacque and the dolphin can not seem to part . jacque just one minute . johana be worried , she walk up to enzo who go back into the water and take jacque by the arm . enzo Jacques , the dolphin be home now . and that 's where we be go . come on ! hurry up now . we girlfriend be freezing over there . the dolphin start swim off . jacque follow enzo half -heartedly . ext . johana's pension - night enzo stop the fiat in front of the pension . the three of they get out . enzo have not bother to dress . johana head for the gate , she obviously have no desire of leave jacque . johana well , good night , then ... enzo you go to sleep here , all by yourself ? johana yes ... she look over at the pension , have a hard time conceal she lack of enthusiasm . johana ... it 's a comfortable place . enzo sinister be what I would call it ...! our be so much cheerful ! why do not you come and stay with I ... there 's plenty of room in my suite . johana ( smile ) the mamma 's there too . enzo ( face cloud up ) yes , the mamma be be there . johana good night enzo , good night Jacques . jacque good night . enzo ( to Jacques ) you do not need a stretcher to take she with you . you know that , do not you ? jacque what ? enzo the dolphin be not the only one who do not feel very good sometimes . johana leave it alone , enzo , it 's okay . she ring the bell for the concierge , then look back at jacque . johana can I come watch you dive tomorrow ? jacque ( lose ) uh ... yes , of course ! the concierge come out and open the iron gate for she . johana disappear into the parc . enzo turn to jacque . enzo you really do have a few thing to learn about woman ! ext . sea - day the sun be rise on a rough sea . the Committee Boat be anchore in the open sea , 600 foot above the sea bed . ext . committee boat - BAY of taormina - day jacque who be on the foredeck of a boat at sea have just laid a towel down before he . he 's suite up , sit in the lotus position , stare straight ahead , clearly self - hypnotize . johana , novelli , and other official be in the stern of the boat watch last minute preparation . the scuba diver in brightly color wetsuit and aqualung , flop out onto the diving platform , plunge into the water , disappear . johana what be they for ? novelli they be paramedics . they wait at 180 foot . johana ( just check ) if there be a problem , they could do something right ? novelli of course , that 's what they be for . johana see scuba diver with weird air tank . johana ( point ) ... and that ? novelli that be the diver who go down 300 to 330 foot . they dive with a helium - oxygen mixture . at that depth , compress air be too dangerous because it contain carbon dioxide . johana what 's that little air bottle on the machine ? novelli that be not for the diver actually . it 's for the balloon . it blow up and pull the diver up like a elevator . without it , with the pressure at the bottom , the diver would just stay pin to the sea bed . johana ( shocked ) but do not Jacques dive without anything ? novelli ( smile ) yes ... it 's magic . int . boat - day - later on the boat , novelli check he watch . jacque come out of he room . he 's dress to dive . he ignore everyone as he go down the ladder to the diving platform . he seem to be in another world . all sound come to he be drown out . ext . diving platform - day jacque sit in the diver 's slot . open he eye slowly and look around . he put he flipper on , a assistant stand at he side . he Pov the figure on the platform be vague , the voice be garble and incomprehensible . move almost in slow motion he raise three finger . technician Tre minuti ! back to scene ten other diver have wait for this signal to dive . they disappear one by one into the blue . jacque use contact lense instead of a mask . he put they in , and now , he view of the world be as distort as he hearing ... body deform ... sound fade ... already euphoric from the vast amount of oxygen in he system , he move into another reality altogether ... seem to empty himself out . technician due minuti ! jacque fill a small tube with water . pour it into he nostril ... tilt he head ... then let it run out ... he put on he glove ... all he movement be slow , he seem to be operate in a different time zone ... he seem unable to take he eye off the water . ext . end of diving platform - day technician Uno minuto ! jacque put he nose clip on . he put he hand on the gueuse . close he eye and inhale slowly . then he take a sudden last breath , nod , the technician release the gueuse and in one flash movement , he disappear . underwater the gueuse slide down the cable . jacque hang on like a ribbon in the wind , past a marker , 90 foot down . above he , the boat disappear from sight . he move faster and faster ... through a sea that look like a cloudy sky . the light fade rapidly around he . below , white spotlight pierce a ocean dark as night . jacque reach they in a matter of second . turn the brake , bring he machine to a halt , 180 foot down . the medic be wait for he there . they take he pulse . check he eye ... 15 second ... normal ... the bubbles from there scuba tank churn the water around they ... jacque close he eye ... a tap on the shoulder , he release the brake on the gueuse . plunge further , this time into pitch black . below he a faint spotlight glow on the bottom . he reach it and the dark diver move to he . jacque brake he machine . move very slowly , turn he body right side up . like a sleep walker , jacque start to take the plaque off the plumbline ... pause in the middle of the gesture . the dark diver flash the high sign to jacque , thumb and forefinger touch , finger extend , all clear . jacque do not respond . the diver repeat the signal . jacque do not respond . the diver tap jacque on the shoulder ... a beat ... and then jacque respond , thumb and forefinger touch okay . slowly , reluctantly , he wrap he hand around the handle of the balloon . the dark diver quickly turn the handle for he . the balloon inflate . jacque hang on ... let it carry he up . at the plague mark 210 foot , jacque let go of the the balloon . with a burst of speed , it dart toward the surface . jacque follow slowly , undulate like a fish ... he 's get warm now ... he close he eye . pass the medical control without stop ... without even see it like someone asleep . he 's move faster now , toward the warmth , toward the air . jacque open he eye , watch the light grow brighter . the silhouette of the boat come back into view . 60 foot to go . ext . diving platform - day in slow motion jacque ' hand hold the plaque break out of the water follow by he arm , in one continuous movement , he shoulder and head . he gasp for air . a trickle of blood come from he nose . flashbulb flicker , spectator cheer . ext . OPEN sea - a dolphin the dolphin , the one rescue last night , leap into the air , in perfect harmony with jacque ' triumph . ext . dolphinarium the dolphin in the dolphinarium leap into the air at the exact same moment . the trainer do not understand what 's go on . ext . diving platform - day jacque fall back into the water . two diver run over and pull he up onto the dock . jacque seem completely daze , almost in a trance . he slowly come to and start scream louder and louder . it be the scream of he body in need of the surface , reality and the feel of the land . johana be terrify . she can hardly breathe . everybody applaud . ext . HOTEL dock - day jacque and johana walk down the gangway . novelli have lead the way and the news have be spread . jacque look very weak and punchy . johana hold he up . the spectator applaud as he go by . intrigue , jacque look at they all . johana ( excited ) Jacques , listen to the applause . he do not respond . johana ( try to keep up ) Jacques , you set a world record . jacque I do ? johana be not you happy ? do not you feel proud ...? I feel proud and all I do be watch . he be stare at she , he 's return to the real world . slowly he smile . she grab hold of he arm and give he a proud kiss on the mouth . jacque be a little stunne . ext . terrace - swimming pool - day enzo walk into the hotel , he arm fill with package . he see jacque and johana . from the look on he face we can tell he know that jacque have beat he record . he deliberately put on a huge smile as he walk over to they . int . terrace - swimming pool enzo congratulation Jacques ! it 's wonderful ! wonderful ! he drop he package on the bar and give Jacques a big hug . enzo I be happy for you ! he kiss he and start hand out he present . enzo ( to Jacques ) here ... ( to johana ) here ... jacque what be it ? enzo Little present , nothing much ... I know it , I just know it ! look here ! he hold up he arm : he be wear two watch . enzo Roberto 's watch ! I win it ! he bet that you could not beat I ! jacque open he present . it 's a little ceramic dolphin . enzo you still collect they ? jacque yes . enzo you do not have that one , do you ? jacque no . thank you . it 's really beautiful . enzo oh it 's nothing . I know it . I tell Roberto " he 's very good that little frenchman , very good " . I lose my title but I win a watch ! johana have open she package . it 's a big plate with a text engrave on it . johana be it a poem ? enzo no , it 's the recipe for spaghetti " frutti del mare " . ( to Jacques ) you see I be right in get you out here . you be a world champion , my friend ! jacque have open the last small package . it 's a measure tape . he look at it without understanding . enzo explain : enzo it 's a measure tape . he grab hold of the tape and let it roll to the ground . enzo you see this be you record , three foot more than mine ! look at it from here , it do not look like much , do it ? jacque look at he without say a word . enzo hand he the measure tape . enzo keep you little measure tape , my friend , it will be a nice souvenir when I beat you next . enzo tap he shoulder and smile . int . elevator ascending - jacque - johana they be lock in a long kiss . he untuck the bottom of she shirt and slide he hand under it . int . HOTEL room - jacque - johana - twilight they be in bed , make love in they fashion . moonlight shine in the silver sea . in the background be the light of the bay of taormina . later jacque be in bed with johana . they be both asleep . suddenly , he sit up , as he always do after he recurrent dream . he 's wide awake , look over at she sleep . she sleep peacefully like a baby . quietly , gently , he ease out of bed and walk to the open window . he stand on the balcony , stare at the sea . then in the distance in the moonlight , a dolphin leap out of the water , once , twice , a third time . jacque laugh and go back to the bed where he sit down next to johana . she be still sound asleep . ext . HOTEL - pier - night jacque quickly get into one of he diving suit . he put on he flipper . the dolphin be still jump in and out of the water . jacque jump off the pier and swim over to she . int . jacque ' HOTEL room - night johana roll over and feel the bed in she sleep . jacque ' absence wake she . johana Jacques ? she get up and walk over to the balcony . she do not see anything . ext . pier - night johana walk down the pier and notice the little pile of clothes jacque have leave behind . she look around but still can not see anything . she decide to sit next to the pile of clothes , and wait , she eye rivete to the sea . ext . pier - dawn the sky have just begin to light up again . johana be still sit next to the pile of clothes . she be wear jacque ' sweater . she look sad , yet serene . the look of a woman who have be think over the situation and who have make up she mind . tire , jacque swim back to the pier . it look as if he have come out of nowhere . he be exhaust . he take off he flipper and get up onto the pier in front of johana . he look at she , a little surprised to find she there . jacque ( warm ) what be you do here ? she answer in a far away voice , with the same serene sadness . johana I be go to leave , Jacques . dripping with water , he sit down next to she . his face be draw from fatigue . she continue . johana I be go back home . jacque why ? johana because one should not fall in love with creature from the sea . jacque I be not from the sea ... I do not understand what you be talk about . johana yes you do . you know exactly what I be talk about . you be afraid I want to hold onto you , and I do , but you be not ready ... at least not for I . jacque but it 's not true , I feel good with you ... it feel right ... she look at he for a moment , then take he face in she hand and rest it on she bosom , as if a small child . johana I have get to get back to the hotel ... and get my suitcase pack . int . train station - jacque - johana - day the train station face the sea . jacque and johana be stand on the platform , amid other . in the distance we hear the rumble and whistle of a train . johana get on the train . the station master blow he whistle . jacque will ... will we see each other again ? johana be eye be fill with tear . johana take good care of yourself , Jacques . the train start pull out of the station . jacque where can I call you ? johana , tell I where can I call you ? johana do not answer . jacque stand helplessly in the station , he eye fill with tear . int . enzo's room - day enzo open the door of he suite . his hair be mess up , he 's get " sheet print " on he face and be wear the top of a diving suit . jacque can I come in ? enzo no problem , I enjoy talk in my sleep . enzo walk back into the apartment and crash on the bed . he 's lie on he stomach . jacque walk in and let himself drop in a chair . enzo wake I up at 11:00 . enzo close he eye . jacque look over at the clock , it say 11:25 . jacque do not say anything and stare blankly out of the window . enzo ( open one eye ) hmmm ! something wrong ? jacque do not answer . enzo be it the girl ? jacque stare out the window . enzo do she leave ? no answer . enzo get up and sit on the side of the bed . enzo hey ! I be go to take care of you ! I have get this job , on a oil rig , no sweat ! I be take you along ... come on ! get you bag pack ! you be come with I , I tell you ! he pat he on the back . enzo we will make a great team , the two of we . you will see ! ext . oil drilling platform - at sea - day the platform shine in the morning light . there be several storey of crew housing and office above the deck . Long steel leg disappear into the swell slate- gray ocean . we hear whop -whop - whop of a helicopter . ext . helicopter - platform the helicopter be landing . crewmen rush to secure it to the oil rig 's deck . Doors open and two passenger get off : jacque and enzo . they each carry a duffel bag of personal belonging . they be both wear fluorescent diving suit . the drilling superintendent come to meet they . superintendent mayol , molinari ...? they nod . superintendent we have be wait for you for three day . goddamnit ! enzo be that the way you talk to the best diver in the world ...? and to he friend Jacques mayol ! the superintendent smile sourly , and gesture to a crewman . superintendent show they they quarter . five minute later , jacque and enzo be follow the crewman . jacque ( whisper ) he do not like we . enzo so what !? his job be to hand out the paycheck . and he do that very well , let I tell you . int . diving capsule - day the diving capsule , suspend by cable , begin its descent through a trap door in the deck . it plunge into the sea . the three man in the capsule be : jacque , enzo and the tough look capsule commander noireuter , who be much too professional for enzo be taste . enzo watch through a porthole while the commander concentrate on the control console . he run through a checklist of system . jacque respond with a " check " as he verify each one . enzo be already bored and feed up by the procedure . jacque be lose in think , they do not look cheerful . enzo ( suddenly ) you still think about she ? jacque do not answer . enzo go on . enzo do not think about she anymore ! let I tell you , you be just make yourself unhappy ! there be so many woman in the world ! he take a cigarette from a pouch in he diving suit and stare at noireuter . enzo plenty of woman everywhere right ? noireuter ( coldly ) smoke be absolutely forbidden . enzo it be not light yet . noireuter you should not even carry cigarettes on board ! enzo listen we be not suppose to piss either but that do not stop you from carry " it " on board ?! noireuter ( stubborn ) the rule be the rule . enzo ( check out this creature ) ... what 's you name again ? noireuter noireuter . enzo and where do you say you be from ? noireuter I do not say ... ( contemptuous ) Brussels ! enzo smile sardonically , shaking he head very slowly . the commander be answer explain it all . int . drilling platform - control room - day a technician be overlook the capsule descent on a video screen . the superintendent watch over the technician 's shoulder . technician they're at 450 foot . int . diving capsule - day enzo , a cigarette dangle from he lip , look through the porthole . enzo ... I be seventeen , I love she so much I try to die for she . two year later I could not even remember she name ! let I tell you , time erase everything ! jacque I do not want to erase anything . enzo you would rather think about it and make yourself miserable ? jacque ( after think about it ) ... yes . enzo ( smile ) I give you this . you be stubborn ... Dumb , but stubborn . jacque ( take it as a compliment ) thank you . int . capsule - day the technician fiddle with a few knob . technician minus 800 foot . end of descent . int . diving capsule the diving capsule end its descent . the commander turn to enzo and jacque who be still stare out the porthole . noireuter ( with a mickey mouse voice ) you have enough air for 15 minute . enzo burst out laugh . enzo ( with Donald duck voice ) what 's with the voice ? noireuter it 's nothing . it 's just the helium , because of the air pressure . enzo ( worried ) and ... do the voice come back ? noireuter for other , yes ... for you , who know ? enzo ( still a little worried , to Jacques ) try speak to I ? jacque ( with daffy duck voice ) I do not find this funny . we be have a serious conversation . enzo and jacque burst out laugh . they keep this same voice till the end of the scene . enzo pull out a tiny silver flask out of he pocket . enzo ( to Jacques ) here , give I you finger . enzo tap a drop onto jacque ' finger , then on he own . then noireuter blow up . noireuter ( in a panic ) be that alcohol ? be you out of you mind ? alcohol be strictly forbidden . enzo ( loose he temper ) hey ! d' you have any other complaint ? just make a list and we will stick it on the porthole ! okay ? enzo pour a second drop on he own finger . enzo go on , suck you finger . jacque hesitates . enzo have no qualm about it and suck he own finger . noireuter be petrify . noireuter be you crazy ? at this pressure ? jacque it 's very deep down here . enzo come on , suck you finger , you will be see mermaid everywhere ! jacque , convinced suck he finger too . enzo smile . the alcohol have a immediate effect on they . enzo ( to Jacques ) a thousand commander and we get a belgian from alcoholic 's anonymous . underwater enzo get out of the diving capsule , head first . he be connect to the capsule by a number of cable . jacque , who follow he , get completely tangle up in they . they be both hilariously drunk . int . drilling platform - control room the superintendent hear they laugh through the control room speaker . he flip a communication switch . superintendent can you hear I ? what 's go on ? ( to the technician ) be you sure you be on the right channel ? the technician nod back to he . underwater the two diver have get to the spot they be suppose to be work on . they have they arm around each other and be dance . noireuter watch they through the porthole . he shake he head in complete disbelief . int . control room we hear the two friend hum the tune of a viennese waltz . superintendent if that guy be play a radio down there they would just better watch out !! int . johana's apartment sally be talk away , point around the apartment . sally ... and if we repaint the wall , we will need new curtain , you put the painter on you Visa and I will do the curtain on american Express ... for the couch there 's bloomingdale ... or be you still over you limit ? johana ( flatly ) Way past it . sally do that have a hide meaning ? johana no. I be just depressed . sally you look it too . you have not be work out , you have not be take you vitamin ! you have not be drink you herb , you have not be ... johana ( stop she ) I know , I know ! I be a terrible person ... ( after a beat ) it 's ... I be so damn , damn sad . sally what be it honey ... the frenchy ? johana ( tentatively ) do you think I should have stay ? do not you think maybe I should have stay ? I have be a jerk , right ? ( then , emphatically ) I should have stay ! I be suppose to be in love ... I be in love ! I be in love , why do I act like a bitch ? he go swim . all the man do be go swim ! I must be crazy . it be too good to be true . sally vitamin , exercise , herb tea ... and see a doctor , will ya ? int . doctor' office - johana - day the doctor enter with a folder , speak to johana doctor well miss Cross , herb be not go to do the trick this time . johana ( worried ) it 's serious , right ? doctor I think so . you be pregnant ... congratulation ! if that 's in order ? johana break into a wide grin . johana it 's in order ! thank you . thank you . doctor I do not think it 's I you have to thank . int . duffy' office - duffy - day duffy be at he desk . his lunch be spread out in front of he . outside the window , the window - washer be eat they lunch too . johana hurry in . duffy good afternoon . johana ( agitate ) I come to make a clean breast of everything ... the whole business . duffy ( bluff , with he mouth full of sandwich ) yes . of course . very wise . johana ( in a rush ) remember when I go to Italy and cancel the policy on the new stadium . well , we be not be cheat by the mafia or anybody except maybe by I ... ( she see the window - washer ) ... do they come for lunch everyday ? I really go on my own business , to see a man that I happen to be in love with ... and I be glad I do it , but I be sorry about the policy and I will be happy to make up the money the company do not get ... of course just now I do not have ... ( she check a note she 's hold ) one million , four hundred and ten thousand dollar . but if you be to dock my salary , say , twenty dollar a week , in a few hundred year we would be even ... and I think this be where you fire I ? duffy ( swallow sandwich ) you be right . you be fire . johana will that interfere with my get maternity leave ? I be pregnant . duffy the italian , I presume ? johana no. he 's french , he be just in Italy for the competition . duffy ( smile ) he seem to have win it . johana yes , be not it wonderful ? I be so happy . I will bet I be the happiest pregnant fire person in the world ! she start to leave ... call out to the window - washer . johana bon appetit and adieu ! int . johana's apartment - night johana stare out of the bay window of she Manhattan apartment . hesitant , she walk around she telephone . finally she make up she mind , pick up she address book and dial the number . jacque ( v.o. ) hello ? johana it 's I ... johana . int . jacque ' apartment jacque be on the telephone , in front of a little window overlook the sea . he be very glad to hear she voice . jacque how be you ? int . johana's apartment - night johana I get fire . jacque ( v.o. ) ... that 's funny ... I have this job with enzo ... we get fire too . johana be face light up with a huge smile . dissolve to : later johana be still on the phone , sit in front of the bay window . Day be dawn . johana ( look out at the skyline ) it 's get light out . jacque ( v.o. ) here , it 's get dark . johana smile . she stretch , lie down on the carpete floor . jacque seem to have go through all topic of conversation . jacque I have be think about you a lot , you know ... johana be by now completely stretch out on the floor . johana so have i. ( a beat ) ... hello ? jacque I be still here . johana well , then , talk to I some more . jacque ... it 's hard you know . you be so far away and I do not know what else to say . johana then , tell I a story . jacque uh ... ah ! a story ? he turn around and sit on the window sill , he foot dangle in mid air . he look at the sea , seek inspiration . jacque do you know how it be ? ( start again ) do you know what you be suppose to do to meet a mermaid ? johana ( with a smile ) no ... tell I . jacque you go down to the bottom of the sea , where the water be not even blue anymore , where the sky be only a memory ... and you float there , quietly , quietly and stay there ... and you decide that you will die for they ... only then do they start come out . they come and greet you and they judge the love you have for they ... if it 's sincere . if it 's pure ... they will be with you and take you away forever . johana listen with the abandon of a child be put to sleep . int . jacque ' room - antibe the sun hit the roof top . the sea be sparkling . the phone ring on the window sill . jacque answer . jacque hello ? johana ( v.o. ) it 's I again . jacque smile . johana ( after a silence ) I be be a pain , huh ? jacque ... not at all . johana ( v.o. ) you sure ? jacque ( smile ) absolutely positive . johana ( v.o. ) okay . in that case ... I be at the airport in Nice . jacque do not know what to say . he look around he , can not figure out what to do . jacque ( lose ) okay ... huh , I will be right over . int . airport - day johana be stand in front of the airport . jacque see she . they smile shyly at each other . ext . STREET - nice - opposite the negresco HOTEL jacque and johana be sit in the back of a taxi . the driver stop in front of the hotel . driver ( loud ) the carlton ! enjoy you siesta . jacque and johana look at each other . int . HOTEL room - jacque - johana - day the room be in semi-darkness , despite the blaze sunlight come through crack in the shutter . jacque and johana be make love . jacque be on top of she , he whole body cover in sweat . the rumple sheet and the movement of they body suggest the movement of the sea . all sound be disproportionate and slightly distort , they be underwater ... all johana be reluctance have vanish . both of they act like people who have never feel anything like this before . a certain astonishment at the depth of they feel . a increase freedom . all the muscle of they body stretch to they limit . jacque , progressively , find himself disappear . his image dissolves point by point ... disintegrate into unbroken blue ... the effect create the impression of someone melting , the screen be now totally blue . a thin , high - pitched SOUND . from the bottom of the image , a tiny pinpoint start toward the camera . it be jacque , naked , swim out of the deep blue ocean toward the light as if he be come out of a dive . he come closer and closer to the camera ... until he head almost touch the lens ... a sudden deafening noise ... and we find jacque on top of johana . he look down at she , speechless . johana ( a little frighten ) be you okay ? after a long beat . jacque ... I think I love you . int . apartment build - antibe - day jacque and johana step out of the elevator of a 19th century building . jacque be carry she suitcase . johana why do you take I to the hotel , if you live here . jacque you will understand . jacque ring the door bell and stick he key in the door . johana ( surprised ) someone in there ? jacque nod and push the door open with the bag he 's carry . they enter a huge , very old apartment fill with model and painting of boat . jacque lead johana to the other end of the apartment . int . bathroom - on uncle louis ( sort of ) it 's a huge old - fashioned bathroom . the centerpiece be a deep ancient bathtub on fade gild foot . there 's a rippling shadow of a body under the bath water . johana gasp . jacque do not be afraid . it 's my uncle ... Louis . he go to the tub and pinch the end of a tube . uncle louis , underwater , have be breathe through it . louis ' head pop out of the water , furious . uncle louis assassin ! jacque ( loud , as if speak to a deaf man ) uncle Louis , this be my friend johana . uncle louis do you buy the cassettes ? the wagner , the berlioz ? jacque I bring johana to meet you . uncle louis be you crazy ? I have no use for a woman ! since my accident . jacque no , no . johana be visit I . johana ( tentatively ) bonjour monsieur ... louis. ( she look to Jacques ) jacque ( whisper to johana ) uncle Louis . he 's a 75 year old amazing guy , be not he ? johana I be very pleased to meet you , uncle Louis . uncle louis ( to johana ) do you bring the cassettes , the wagner , the berlioz ? ( point to Jacques ) this idiot never listen to anything I say . sometimes I wonder if he be not deaf . louis climb out of the bathtub , and pull on a bathrobe . behind he he 's pull two insulate wire out of the bathtub . we see that they be connect to small underwater speaker . as they surface , incredibly loud music blast : the finale of the " 1812 overture " , ( trumpet , timpani , cannon , etc ... ) the sound fill the room , the apartment , and probably all of antibe . int . dine room - jacque - johana - louis - later the three of they be at the table . there be a few scrap on they plate on a threadbare lace tablecloth . incredibly loud symphonic music be playing . louis be as deaf as a fence post . everyone have to scream over the music . uncle louis where be you from , henrietta ? jacque ( correct he ) johana ... New York . uncle louis what kind of name be that ? to be name after a city ? jacque ( smile ) he do not hear too well . johana ( yell ) I say I be from New York . uncle louis ( yell at Jacques ) that explain it ! the best lay be from New York ! jacque uncle Louis ! uncle louis no , no . it 's true . when I be in New York , oh boy ! ( to johana ) before my accident , you understand ? ( then back to Jacques ) jacque stand up and lower the music . jacque ( impatient ) uncle Louis ! johana be my friend . she 's come to stay with I for a while . uncle louis good . that way I will see more of you ... where be you go to stay ? jacque well ... here . uncle louis ( outrage ) in my apartment ? jacque ( with a sigh ) it 's my apartment . uncle louis ( jump up ) liar ! thief ! torturer ! when you be a orphan I nurse you at my breast . jacque uncle Louis , we have a guest ! uncle louis I be go to put a lock on the telephone . ( they calming down , to johana ) do you bring the cassettes ? int . bedroom - jacque - johana jacque ' room look like a diving equipment storage room with a bed in it . jacque notice johana be gaze . jacque ( solicitously ) you think it will be all right ? you will be comfortable here ? johana ( catch she breath ) it 's go to be ... interesting . ext . port of antibe - day jacque , johana and roberto be wait at the port . roberto ( glance at he watch ) ... it 's not like he to be late . of course sometimes he do not show up at all . once in capri , he ... johana ( interrupt ) we get the picture , Roberto . ( look over she shoulder ) Jacques , I think Louis need help . jacque turn around . uncle louis be a few yard behind they at a fish stand on the dock . he 's hold up a eel and scream at the fishmonger . uncle louis ( yell ) two dollar for this ! this fish be not catch . it die of cancer ! jacque shrug he shoulder and give up on the idea of interfere . roberto ( point ) here he come ! a speed boat race along the water . it 's a beautiful highly - varnish mahogany riva . it race into the port . stand at the helm , look like Christopher Columbus he hair brush back by the wind , be enzo . next to he hang on to the windscreen be a impressive six foot , dark haire beauty . she have a scarf over she hair . she wear a purple leather micro-mini with a cerise halter top and she ruby fingernails be three inch long . if she ever actually would get cast in a movie , she would make raquel Welch hide in shame . her stage name be bonita mariposa . enzo kill the throttle , swing the speedboat into a perfect landing at the dock . roberto take the line . enzo Jacques ! johana ! johana enzo ! jacque enzo ! during all of this , everyone 's attention be actually on bonita who be tug at she long black hair . they be all awestruck except for roberto . roberto ( meaning the speed boat ) where do you get that ? enzo ( meaning bonita ) " that " ! this be not a " that " ... this be bonita mariposa , the famous Spanish actress . ( whisper to bonita ) ... who be go to be careful with the varnish ... ( back to Roberto ) and who have come to spend a few day with we . ( and very quickly ) where 's mamma ? roberto ( check watch ) you have eight hour before she get here . enzo glance at he watch and sigh with relief . bonita say hello to jacque , kiss johana . int . live room in jacque ' apartment - day loud classical music boom from the stereo . the noise pin jacque , enzo and roberto to they chair . uncle louis get a bottle of whiskey and serve everybody . enzo he 's really go totally deaf ! uncle louis I be not as deaf as you be blind , my boy ! you take care of you eye , I will take care of my ear ! enzo ( laugh ) I be sorry uncle Louis . uncle louis pour he a whiskey . uncle louis come on , drink up , my boy ! it might just save we from you bullshit . the bottle be empty . uncle louis go to the kitchen . jacque turn down the music , and finally hear the bell which have be ringing . jacque open the apartment door : it 's Professor lawrence . suit and tie and carry a bottle . jacque I be glad you could come . I want you to meet enzo . enzo and lawrence shake hand . lawrence ( with a smile ) so you be the famous enzo molinari ? enzo ( with a even bigger smile ) in the flesh . I have that honor ! int . bathroom - night johana come into the bathroom , close the door , cut down the blaring music . the paint be peel off the ceiling . bonita be stand under a 40 watt lamp , put on make - up in front of jacque ' crack shave mirror . bonita you be go to live here permanently ? johana ... maybe , if Jacques will let I fix up the place a little . johana walk over to the mirror and watch bonita put on she make - up like a professional . bonita ( wistfully ) he 's shy , not like enzo . johana yes . not like enzo . bonita ( put on eyelash ) I think , he 's really nice ... he 's a funny guy ... sometimes even very move . johana ( after a long silence ) ... I be pregnant , bonita ! bonita stop work on she make - up and look pensively at johana . bonita be you go to keep it ? johana yes . bonita do he know ? johana no . bonita ( think ) maybe you should talk to he about it . johana I can not ... I just do not know how to ... bonita look at she with the same pensive look . johana go on . johana I be think of something kinda stupid last night . you know that woman in the greek mythology that make love with the god . take leda for example , sleep with Jupiter , who come to earth as a swan ... well , can you imagine leda announce to she swan " you be go to be a father , my little chick - a- dee " ? bonita ( start laugh ) but you man be not quite a God ! johana ( smile ) probably not , but I still do not have the nerve to tell he . bonita well , you be go to have to tell he , sometime ! unconvince , johana nod . she change the subject . johana and you ...? do you love enzo ? bonita ( earnestly ) very much , I think . ( a beat ) but , there 's go to be a problem . ext . terrace of restaurant - night the " problem " : mamma molinari sit between enzo and roberto , look like a malevolent storm cloud , stare across at bonita . roberto ( desperately ) mamma , calimari fritti ... Zuppa de pesci . sono buoni . mamma molinari ( eyeing bonita ) nothing . I be not hungry . enzo mamma , bonita be a actress like Sophia loren , Anna magnani ... bonita ( icy ) Sarah bernardt . I sing too ... a hell of a carmen . want to hear ? mamma molinari ( coldly ) no thank you . there 's a interminable awkward silence . then uncle louis at last find he way to the table . jacque who be too grateful for the interruption spring to he foot . jacque uncle Louis , you remember enzo 's mother signora molinari from amorgos ? uncle louis ( scream ) the whale ! how could I forget ? always be something fishy about that woman ! mamma molinari be have trouble breathe . uncle louis what be italian do live in Greece anyway ? jacque Louis , we be french ! uncle louis that 's different ! what 's the matter with you ? roberto ( complete panic ) mamma , pesce di spada ? all of they be gasp for air , try so hard not to laugh . uncle louis ( to mamma ) hey , whale ! can you pass down the squid ? they all burst out laugh . ext . committee boat at sea - day the diving platform be out . the competition have begin . enzo be at the gueuse , get ready to dive . roberto work around he busily . bonita on deck above he be make little gesture of encouragement . enzo be not amused . other competitor watch from the Committee Boat . enzo turn the handle on the gueuse , plunge into the water . Professor lawrence , take note , stand a few foot away . underwater - on enzo he dive down , further and further down . he approach the two medic in aqualung at the control point ( 210 foot ) . they move toward he . ext . diving platform - enzo surface . assistant help he onto the platform . roberto pull off he fin . enzo rip off he mask . he look furious . he toss the depth plaque ( which prove he be qualified ) back into the water . enzo a shit dive . he look around angrily for a official . see novelli . enzo that goddamn frogmen doctor wait around at 200 foot they just kill you concentration . novelli they be require by law . enzo ( climb off platform ) there 's no law down there ! the only law be what you lung can take . ( to the next diver ) ... have fun ! they wait for you down there , to take the temperature of you ass . he keep on walk across the boat , run into jacque , who 's just about to begin he yoga preparation . jacque see enzo be expression , look concerned . enzo ( defensively ) anybody can have a bad day ! jacque I have have many ... when the sea do not want you . enzo ( disgust ) it 's never the sea ! it 's Roberto , mamma , that stupid actress ... oh shit ! Jacques , what do you know ? go do you hindu exercise and do not break my ball ! enzo stamp into one of the cabin . int . jacque ' apartment - night johana be read a child birth catalog . she throw it away upside down , as soon as she hear jacque approach . jacque come in and sit opposite she . he seem bitter . johana well , how be it ? in a involuntary gesture , jacque flip through the catalog . jacque ( sadly ) enzo have a bad day . johana wonder if jacque will understand the presence of the baby magazine . johana ( tense ) and you ? jacque I do not dive . johana ( she take the magazine ) you will try again tomorrow ? jacque I do not know ... it do not feel right . I be go to bed . I be tired . he go away . johana you forget you magazine ! he have not hear . jacque go to the bedroom , and throw himself on the bed . johana look as if she have wish he would put two and two together . jacque what ? johana ... nothing . dissolve to : ext . committee boat at sea - day enzo burst out of the water . he rip off he face mask , throw it on the diving platform , roaring with pleasure . he toss the depth plague to roberto . enzo let they try . int . jacque ' apartment - day johana open the apartment door . bonita be stand there , a suitcase in one hand . bonita I want to say goodbye , johana . they kiss each other goodbye . johana be very uncomfortable . johana you be leave ? bonita yes ... ( she hand she a note ) could you please give this to enzo . johana of course . bonita grab the note back and tear it up . bonita it 's no use ... just tell he I say goodbye ... and give he a kiss for I , okay ? the two woman hug again . johana ( sorry ) bonita , you should not be discourage so easily . bonita I do not have the strength to fight off la mamma ... anyway who want to spend they whole life wait at the end of a pier . bonita rest she hand on johana be stomach . bonita do you tell he ? johana not yet ... I be wait for the right moment . bonita ... you take care of yourself , johana . bonita smile at she and disappear down the stair . ext . committee boat - docking - day official , novelli , lawrence , roberto and of course enzo disembark . there be a lot of excitement on the dock . everyone have already hear the news . people swarm around enzo . lawrence spot jacque in the crowd , and go to he . jacque ( smile ) good huh ? lawrence he really be unbelievable , 328 foot , deeper than the world record ... ( then eagerly ) ... and , Jacques ! he hold he breath for four minute and fifty second ! jacque ( smile too ) good ... I guess I have tomorrow 's work cut out for I as enzo would say ... lawrence ( seriously ) you must be very careful , Jacques . at this depth , to hold you breath for over five minute be ... you would really be push it . I think it 's very , very dangerous . jacque see enzo be carry past on the shoulder of the crowd . he ignore lawrence , run beside enzo . jacque ( yell ) enzo , enzo ! congratulation ! ext . award ceremony - night enzo ( in answer to the crowd 's applause ) thank you , thank you very much ! enzo and novelli stand on a little stage face the crowd . enzo be hold a gold trophy , wave to friend in the audience . novelli ... now I be sure you have hear that some people have suggest it be too dangerous for we to continue . dangerous , because we do not know how to measure the physiological consequence of this type of dive and also because the scuba diver be not use to go down below 300 foot . while the attentive crowd listen to novelli , enzo be gesture to roberto , explain what appetizer he want from the cocktail trays . the crowd laugh . novelli but , we poll the free diver and they insist that the competition continue ! there 's wild applause . enzo lift the trophy over he head , smile like a champ and yell into the microphone . enzo ( yell ) good luck to you all ! ext . committee boat - day enzo and roberto be on the front deck watch the diver . a german diver come up to the surface , empty hand . enzo smile . the tahitian come out of the water in a semi-coma . the doctor carry he away . once he 's sure that the diver be out of danger , enzo smile again . a whole team of japanese walk over to the diving platform . the team consist of one diver and six assistant , three of they play music to help the diver concentrate . the diver wear a white wet suit with a red circle on he forehead . he be concentrate very hard , so much that enzo walk over to he to make sure he 's okay . the japanese diver concentrate with such strength that he faint . enzo ( smile to he brother ) fabulous , what a dive , huh ? roberto smile . the diver from the Philippines stand at the end of the diving platform . he concentrate for a moment then give up and walk away . enzo he 's right . what 's the point of knock yourself out ? int . bedroom - jacque - johana - night they be in bed , side by side , both of they half asleep . the only light in the room come from the open window . he roll over and watch she sleep , look down at she adoringly . he slip off the chain with the gold coin . slowly , hold the chain , he run the coin gently over she body , stop at the level of she stomach and let it rest there . she open she eye and look at he , wonder if he sense something . johana ( softly ) what be you do ? jacque I be put you on the coin ... you essence ... that way you will always be with I when I dive . she smile , close she eye . he swing the coin over she face gently , some kind of private ceremony . she look just a little intimidate . the coin be now dangle in front of she mouth . she hesitates then open she mouth , jacque let the coin slide into it . ext . committee boat - day jacque walk up to the diving platform . lawrence have fix scientific equipment on he chest . jacque wet and slowly put they on . enzo watch from the deck , he expression have change . johana , on the deck also , opposite enzo , watch a little worried . jacque concentrate then release the gueuse and let himself disappear under the water . underwater jacque dive down very fast . the control take place at 200 foot , the doctor check he and let he go . he continue he descent , it 's get darker and darker around he . the gueuse stop at the level of the underwater platform , just below the diver , who swim over to he in a sea of bubbles from he oxygen bottle . he ask jacque if he be alright , jacque nod and give he a huge smile before swim off , downward ! the diver realize and start after he . he grab jacque by one of he fin and pull he back to the round platform . jacque let go of the balloon . the diver panic . jacque slowly motion that everything be fine and slowly paddle up to the surface . ext . committee boat - day the boat 's huge stop watch indicate minute : 4:50 , then 5:00 , then 5:10 . jacque have be down there for over 5 minute . johana be worried sick . enzo do not know what to make of it and lawrence feel completely helpless . the stopwatch indicate 5:20 , then 5:25 and jacque , half unconscious , brake through the surface of the water . johana scream and cry with joy when she see he . the crowd applaud . enzo be somber . novelli take the plaque from jacque ' hand and turn to the crowd . novelli ( stunne ) 360 foot ! he dove 360 foot !!! the crowd cheer in excitement . enzo be sullen . lawrence be very worried . ext . on port - end of the day there 's a pile of gear on the dock . enzo be in the boat load one piece of luggage at a time , jacque come up to the boat . park in the background , we see a taxi wait with johana sit in the back seat . enzo pretend not to notice jacque ' arrival . jacque watch he for a moment then finally dare to speak . jacque ( point at taxi ) ... there 's a party at the hotel tonight . enzo keep load up the boat . enzo ( busy ) that 's good . jacque ( after a beat ) enzo , do not be angry . I be lucky ... that 's all . enzo throw the last duffel bag into the cockpit . enzo ( serious ) I will see you in amorgos . enzo turn around and jump onto he boat . jacque walk off the dock , past the cab . johana open the door to let he in , but he keep walk . johana Jacques ...? jacque you go back , I will walk . he walk off . ext . marineland - dolphin pool - antibe - night the park be empty as jacque approach the pool . tina the dolphin , jump out of the water , swim to meet jacque . jacque pat she and kneel to talk to tina nina . jacque ( sadly ) I win today . I dove very deep , Tina . the dolphin giggle . jacque what 's so funny ? can you dive deeper ? the dolphin nod " yes " . jacque smile . jacque ( smile ) so you understand everything ? the dolphin nod . jacque that 's good ... so tell I why they be all angry at I ? why be enzo angry ? I never want to compete with he . I never want to be champion of anything ... all I want be to escape from they all ... for just a few minute , no people ... no noise ... nothing but the sea . the dolphin nod and giggle . jacque do you really understand I ? huh ? be we actually have a conversation here ? again the dolphin nod " yes " . jacque all right then , tell I : can I ever dive as deep as you ? stay under as long ...? a beat . then the dolphin nod " yes " . jacque be you sure ? the two other dolphin stick they head out of the water . they all nod together . jacque be awed and perplex at the same time . ext . amorgos - day the little town of amorgos be beautiful , mountainous . it 's surround by a luminous turquoise sea , with white villas cling to hillside . there be a small port . ( we see it in the open sequence ) further along the coast , we see the dive federation Committee Boat surround by all sort of activity . int . HOTEL room - jacque - johana - day through the open window we can see part of the village where jacque grow up . he 's stare out the window , lose in he own thought . jacque it 's beautiful , be not it ? behind he , johana be hide and throw up . he walk to she . jacque what 's wrong ? johana it 's nothing . just the long trip . I be a little jet-lagged . jacque you want to lie down for a while ? johana no , I will be fine . can you just hand I a glass of water ? while jacque get she the water , johana stare at the view . ext . enzo's boat - in the little port roberto stand on the port , wait for he brother . suddenly the sound of a motor boat and twelve note horn echoe in the bay . the boat have just arrive at the town dock . enzo , tear roll down he cheek from the wind , throw a duffel bag on the dock and look up at roberto . enzo be he here ? roberto ( uncomfortable ) he 's training . enzo make a face . ext . SMALL port - day johana sit on the little dock in front of the hotel . jacque pull on he fin , look out into the water . she clutches a stopwatch , ready to set it off . a few yard behind , hide between two bungalow , enzo watch they . jacque take a few deep breath and dive a few foot underwater . johana start the stopwatch . enzo , who see jacque disappear , walk over to johana and sit down beside she . enzo okay , now we have a good five minute to have a nice peaceful talk . johana what be you do here ? enzo check out the competition . johana enzo , why do you guy do this ? enzo ( teasing ) what else be there ? johana ( seriously ) you know what I be talk about . why do you and Jacques risk you life diving ? enzo ( avoid the question ) you risk you life when you cross the street . johana ( frustrated ) damn it ! why will not you give I a straight answer , for once ?! enzo because you would laugh . johana I will not , I swear . enzo ( seriously ) I dive in search of God . if I go deep enough I be go to find he . to I , the sea be a religion ... that surprise you , do not it ? johana ( look down at Jacques in the water ) a little ... you think it 's the same for Jacques ? enzo ( shaking he head ) no. Jacques be a creature of the sea . he be not mean to live on earth , among we ... you should know this , johana . johana ( reassure herself ) he can learn . he be learn . enzo you really think so ? do you tell he you be pregnant ? johana ( surprised ) how do you know that ? enzo you tell bonita , but you do not tell he , right ? johana shake she head negatively . johana ... not yet . enzo do not . johana why ? enzo because he will not understand and it will just hurt you ... Jacques have be put on earth by complete mistake . and he 's only wait for one thing : that some God up there will turn he into a fish ! how long have that moron be down there ? johana ( look at the stopwatch ) five minute and fifty second . enzo ( grab away the stopwatch ) that idiot ! they jump up . enzo dive into the water . as johana watch panicky , enzo pull jacque up onto the dock , in he arm . jacque be unconscious . enzo be furious . the fear of loose he friend have absolutely enraged he . he start pace up and down the dock . johana be he alright ? what happen ? enzo ( furious ) the fool be asleep ! if I be not around , he would already be dead !!! be that who you want to live with ? well , good luck ! you better learn to look after he because I will not always be here to do it ! once again he march off , then come back . jacque ( mumble ) ... how long be I asleep ? enzo ( to Jacques ) Long enough to die . listen , if you really want to die , that 's you problem , but do not do it under my nose , okay ? a few step away , then come back . enzo ( to Jacques ) I will never let you take away my title . d' you hear I ? never ! enzo stalk off defiantly . ext . committee boat - anchored off the coast there 's activity . the competition have begin . music a series of quick shot of different competitor at various point in they dive . the tahitian come up unconscious . the german come up unconscious . so do the diver from the Philippines . novelli do not know what to think . ext . terrace of restaurant - jacque - johana - sunset jacque be in a T-shirt and jeans , rope-sole sandal . johana wear a light white cotton dress . they both sit on the restaurant 's terrace overlook the sea . below they , a small boat pass . in it be basket fill with sponge . jacque stare at they for a long time . johana do you ever sometimes just stop and think how sweet life can be ? a beat . jacque ... sure . johana want to say something . johana ... when you dive ... with that machine ... what do it feel like ? jacque ( after think about it ) ... the feel of slip without fall ... the hardest be once you be at the bottom . johana why ? jacque because you have to find a good reason to come back up again ... and I always have a hard time find one . johana have never look so sad and lose . jacque do not notice . enzo who be sit at the piano behind they , start to play , stare at the sea . jacque and johana turn around and look at he . enzo ( smile ) ... you should start play the piano , the piano be really refresh , it clear the sinuse . very good the piano ! tomorrow be go to be a big day ! ext . committee boat underway - on jacque he 's alone in the bow . the other be cluster in the saloon , cockpit in the stern . the boat be move close to the cliff . the monastery loom above they . close on jacque he 's scan the apparently abandon monastery search for sign of life . a red and blue taxi-boat pull up alongside the Committee Boat . in it , lawrence wait to climb on board . ext . diving platform - day enzo put he flipper on and grab he gueuse . he be serious , concentrate hard . lawrence be boat slide along the big Committee Boat and the doctor climb onto it . int . committee boat - lawrence - novelli - other lawrence be briefcase be open . there 's a stack of graph paper on a cabin table . lawrence ... when I analyze the data from mayol 's last dive , it become apparent ... ( tap the graph paper ) ... at the depth this man be diving , it be a physiological impossibility that they can retain enough oxygen in they blood to make it back to the surface . it 's a function of how long it take to get to the bottom , orient themselves and to return ... to attempt to break mayol 's record be simple suicide . ( to novelli ) for the last time . I be tell you cancel the competition . novelli and the medic look over at the diving platform where enzo be concentrate . medic molinari 's a seventeen time world champion . do you want to tell he he can not dive . lawrence do not answer . novelli be think . novelli get mayol in here . ext . diving platform - enzo enzo be prepare . he sit at the edge of the platform hyperventilate , almost in a trance . we see jacque in the background , talk to novelli , he then walk over to enzo and climb down next to he . jacque enzo ? ( no response ) enzo ... I know you be angry at I . ( no response ) enzo , it 's important . enzo open one eye . enzo I be concentrate . jacque ( quickly ) we can not dive anymore . they want to cancel the competition for a while . enzo look at he coldly . take another deep breath . jacque ( rush on ) it 's not safe , they say . the doctor say it be not possible to go deeper and live . free diving be over as a sport . enzo you say that because you have the title ! jacque no ! I would never cheat you . enzo well that 's very nice of you . he take a last breath , sign himself and reach for the gueuse , disappear into the water . lawrence , novelli , the medic , and other be argue . lawrence be furious that enzo be diving . novelli be balling out he assistant . jacque be on the platform watch the other as if they be a gaggle of geese . he listen to the sound of the gueuse play out , watch the depth indicator , the stopwatch . he know something be wrong . he walk over to the edge and grab hold of a little oxygen bottle which be there for security . he take a few breath of the oxygen as he put on he flipper and dive down after enzo . underwater - jacque jacque pull himself down the cable , hand over hand . 80 or 90 foot down he see a group of medic come toward he carry enzo be unconscious body . jacque struggle with they , push they away , take enzo in he arm and climb toward the surface , frantic , scream silently at he , desperate to get away from the flow of air bubbles from the scuba tank , the commotion , the memory of death . enzo have a big serene smile on he face . the medic push both diver toward the surface . as if they be on land , jacque start shaking enzo to wake he up . he then slap he face but enzo remain unconscious . they finally break the surface in each other arm . ext . on diving platform they pull enzo out of the water . the doctor open he jacket . enzo motion to jacque to come close . he still have that long smile . enzo ( faintly ) you be right . jacque ( move ) ... I be right about what ? enzo ( after a long silence ) ... it be much better down there . it 's a better place . he try to take a deep breath , the effort be exhaust . jacque smile , hold back he tear . enzo ... push I back in the water ... jacque ( cry ) I can not . enzo Jacques , take I back down ... please . his smile freeze , he stop breathe . his eye close . jacque put he head down on he friend 's chest and sob . the doctor gently try to move he away , but jacque resist . lawrence just give he five minute ! what do it matter now , anyway ... come on , just leave he alone ! lawrence encourage everybody to leave the platform . jacque quickly grab the nearest rope and tie it to he belt . before anybody can stop he , jacque roll enzo be body back into the water and dive after it . underwater - jacque he hold enzo in he arm . let the dead weight of the body pull he down , deeper and deeper . the rope around jacque ' waist run out , stop he descent with a abrupt jerk . when he feel it , jacque let go ... watch as enzo's body continue to drift by itself into the bottomless blue ... ext . diving platform the doctor have run over and be pull the cable that jacque be attach to . he be unconscious when they pull he up . they hold he up by he foot . jacque throw up gallon of water . they put a oxygen mask on he face . a doctor ( listen to he heartbeat ) the heart be go to stop ! the stimulator , quickly . suddenly , everything collapse for jacque . sound disappear . the image slow down , the light fade . jacque only hear he heartbeat , which slow down . his heart stop . among the crowd around he , he see johana , fresh , gentle , smile . her movement be smooth and slowed down . she smile at he , simply . jacque smile back . the heart start again slowly . the image go back to normal . sound multiply ( doctor , the panic , etc ... ) and slowly come back . jacque fall unconscious . a doctor the heart start again ! it 's all right ! novelli fall back in he chair , relieved . int . jacque ' room - night jacque be lie on the bed , he have a strong fever . johana sit at he foot . lawrence rummages through a medical kit . he take a pill from a bottle and give it to he . lawrence take this . have a good sleep . jacque swallow the pill . johana walk over from the balcony . lawrence sweet dream . lawrence motion to johana that they should let he sleep . he go out of the room . jacque ( tenderly to johana , who have start to leave the room ) kiss I . johana bend over and kiss he . jacque hold she by the arm , do not want she to leave . johana sleep now . we will talk later . johana kiss he on the forehead and leave the room . ext . HOTEL bar - on terrace - lawrence - johana they be at the little zinc bar . not talk , not really drink either , just toy with they glass . roberto pass , stop . roberto I have pack all of ... enzo 's clothes . ( a beat ) I be go to the radio telephone ... ( swallow ) ... to call mamma . they watch sadly as he leave . int . jacque room - night jacque sit up in bed finally lie down under the sheet . he turn off the light by the bed . int . HOTEL restaurant - lawrence - johana they have move from the bar to the table . there be uneaten food in front of they . a third place be set . johana look at the wall clock . johana I will go see how he 's do . lawrence let he sleep . int . jacque room - jacque jacque be lie on the bed , he be not move anymore . he be breathe loudly , as if tired out . from he Pov the room become very dark and blue . the noise be unbearable . the ceiling turn into water . jacque ' eye be wide open . his face be sweat . the water level , from the ceiling , come down to he , until he be swallow by it . as he fall into the water , we see a dolphin gulp air at the surface and go back very quickly to the blue . the dolphin meet he group , about ten of they , 250 kg of muscle , swim at more than 40 km / h underwater . they all break through the surface to gulp air regularly . suddenly , one of they , leave the group . he cross the blue and seem to make sonar- like sound . we see a sonar picture . it 's a image in which the dolphin will appear a few second later . the dolphin come up like a rocket , gulp air and go back down . the sonar image appear again . finally , the dolphin , locate a group of fish and start hunt they , exactly like a war plane . he manage to break the group in two , then in four , and this way , he isolate he victim . he break the surface to gulp air and go back down . he go full power . the fish he be after be even more divide . there be only one leave , totally lose and in a panic . the exhaust fish be swallow . the dolphin slow down , go back up , break the surface in slow motion . image become pale and bright . he scream inhumanly . image be white , black , silence . int . HOTEL room - jacque johana open the shutter . the room be a shamble of break glass , water pitcher and glass , lamp and vase . the window be blow out . jacque be lie in bed . there be a thin trickle of blood come from he nose and ear . johana ( in a panic ) Jacques ... be you alright ? ext . dock - jacque - johana - night jacque jump into enzo be boat . johana ( still worried ) Jacques ? be you alright ? answer I ! be you alright ? she jump down into enzo be boat . he start the engine . the boat be racing out of the port . johana yell over the sound of the engine . johana you have get to tell I what happen ? jacque I see how it have to be . jacque park the boat in front of the committee boat diving platform . he turn on the platform light : above and underwater . he throw down the diving cable : 60 , 90 , 120 foot ... jacque get undress and sit down in the lotus position , concentrate ... johana sit down a few foot away and watch he , wonder just how far he be go to push this whole thing . as the cable unroll , johana start cry . she understand that jacque be go to dive to the bottom , into the blue , into himself . johana Jacques , you know I love you . jacque be put on he flipper , and stand face he gueuse . jacque ( after a silence ) do not be sad ... it 's not because of you , it 's I . it 's all go on inside I ! ( a beat ) I have gotta go and see . johana start pace up and down the diving platform . johana see what ? there be nothing to see ! it 's pitch black down there ! it 's cold . you will be all alone ! look at I , Jacques ! I be here ! I exist ! look !!! ( she start wave she arm ) I be real ! I be not a dream ! Jacques will you look at I ? ( she break down ) please ! jacque have not move , he still sit motionless , face he gueuse . johana do not know what to do or say . she be totally drain . johana Jacques ? I be pregnant . jacque that 's good ... that 's wonderful . it 's wonderful for you . johana you be the father . silence . jacque be petrify , without any reaction . he do not understand . she realize it 's hopeless and stare at the sea . johana ( after a while ) I lie ... to keep you here . she kiss he . johana promise I one thing . jacque anything . johana promise you will not forget I . she pull the line release the gueuse . jacque take a deep breath and grab hold of the gueuse , disappear into the water -- as if swallow by the ocean . underwater jacque slide along the cable , pull by the weight of the gueuse . he have a beautiful smile on he face . he be in he element . night have close in around he . he turn on the headlight of the gueuse , it cast a dim light around he . ext . diving platform - night johana have walk over to the edge of the platform . she be hold the cable , to " hear " jacque ' descent . the counter show that jacque be quickly pass the 300 foot mark . underwater jacque keep go down , as serene as ever . he have gain a lot of speed . ext . diving platform - night johana hold she face in she hand . the counter indicate that jacque be go very fast . underwater the gueuse jerk to a stop and shake the cable . jacque turn he body right side up . ext . diving platform - night the counter now indicate a depth of 600 foot . johana have feel the jolt of the cable . she cry she tear and look down at the water . underwater the headlight on the gueuse illuminate only a few foot around jacque , as if he be stand in a circle of light . he stay there , patiently float around and around he cable ... as if he be wait for something . a long form circle the border between the darkness and the light . jacque hold out he hand . a dolphin come and press its body against it . two other dolphin come out of the night . jacque watch in amazement . a dolphin lay he muzzle in jacque ' hand , ready to lead he off . jacque hesitates . jacque let go of the cable and let himself be lead away . they silhouettes disappear in the deep blue night . the end