' nel ruman :.... a screen play by Andrew M. niccol a not tye final shoot script a fogged mirror behind the fog we hear the sound of a bathroom . after a long moment , a hand wipe the condensation from the glass to reveal the face of truman burbank . he wear a sleeveless hane undershirt and blue-stripe pajama bottom , behind he a white glaze tile bathroom wall . it be immediately apparent that we be view he through a two - way mirror . Truman , expressionless , study he reflection in the mirror . fora long moment , he do nothing . he continue to look impassively into the mirror for what become a uncomfortably long time . still nothing . finally he speak , talk to himself in the mirror as if participate in a tv interview . truman +-+-personally I think the unconquer south face be the only one worth scale ... of course it 's a 20,000 foot sheer wall of ice but then when do that ever stop I before ?... naturally , I intend to make the ascent without the benefit of oxygen but also without crampon or even a ice pick ... risk ?... ( smug , tv smile ) +.- sure I be aware of the risk -- why else do you think I would spend seven year as a adjuster in a life insurance company . ..? meryl ( 0.s. ) Truman , you be gonna be late ! Truman resignedly open the door of the cabinet and replace he shave tackle . it partially obscure the lens of the hide camera . he close the door and exit . int . kitchen . morning . meryl , wear a stylish robe , sit at the kitchen table sip coffee . on the table in front of she lie a parcel . truman enter and glance at the gift . truman what 's that ? meryl it 's a surprise . truman unwrap the parcel - a expensive - look set . of exercise sweat . ( continued ) 2 " the truman show " 2 continued : meryl ( eager for he response ) well , what do you think ? truman they're ... ( the merest hesitation ) perfect . thank you . Truman return meryl 's kiss . meryl ( hand he the sweat top ) try it on . Truman pull the top over he head . as he do so , a closer shot focus on the manufacturer 's name . meryl I think you could wear they when you do you exercise . ( afterthought ) pre-shrunk . and they breathe . ext . truman' house . day . wearing a business suit , briefcase in hand , truman emerge from he pleasant , victorian - inspire , picket - fence house into a idyllic suburban street of similarly picturesque home . a neighbor , spencer , be take in trashcan , whistling a tune . Spencer break off abruptly as Truman approach he car . his license plate read , '' seahaven - a Nice place to live " . spencer Morning , Truman . truman Morning , Spencer . and in case I do not see you , good afternoon , good evening and good night . Spencer 's dog , pluto , bound happily over to Truman . truman ( petting the dog ) hey , Pluto . Truman exchange a polite nod with the WASHINGTON 's , a African - american family across the street . mr. WASHINGTON be farewelle by he wife and child . ( continued ) 3a " the truman show " 3 continued : 3 Truman be about to climb into he car when he be distract by a high -pitch whistling sound . suddenly , a large spherical glass object fall from the sky and land with a deafen crash on the street , several yard from he car . the startle Truman look to Spencer but he have abruptly disappear inside he house with Pluto . Mrs. Washington and Washington junior have also make themselves scarce . Truman investigate . amidst a sea of shattered glass be the remain of a light mechanism . he look around he but the street be desert . he check that all the surround street light be account for , even though the fall fixture be far larger . he look up into the sky but there be no plane in sight . with some effort , Truman pick up what 's leave of the crumpled light and load it into the trunk . a label on the light fixture read , " sirius ( 9 canis Major ) " . as he drive away , we hear the sound of he car radio . radio announcer another glorious morning in seahaven , folk . int . / ext . truman be car - seahaven . day . 3a truman make he way along the street of seahaven past a series of quaint , pastel - shade cottage . ext . seahaven island TOWNSHIP . day . 4 a high - angle reveal a anonymous mid-size town build around a small , pretty bay . a cluster of high - rise building stand at the water 's edge overlook a marina . surround the commercial center lie neatly arrange suburb . ext . oceanside STREET . day . 5 pause at a traffic light along a seaside road , truman look through a curious wooden arch to the beach and ocean beyond . the sight triggers a memory in he head . playback - ext . long , wide beach . day . 6 unlike a conventional flashback , the scene in he memory appear to be play on a television screen . ( continued ) '' the truman show " continued : four -year-old truman run towards a bluff on the beach . the boy 's father , kirk , late - nthirty , beer bottle in hand , flirt with two teenage girl at the shoreline . suddenly , the father remember he son . he look anxiously around . the sight of the boy at the far end of the beach cause he to drop he bottle in the sand and run to Truman . the boy be near the top of the cliff before he agitate father come within earshot . father {out of breath , clutching he side ) Truman ! Truman ! stop ! Truman turn from he perch and wave happily down to he father . but the smile quickly vanish when he register the anger and distress on he father 's face . father come down now ! his father 's unnatural anxiety make the next bay even more tantalize . the boy consider defy he father . he put he hand on the rock above he to stretch up and sneak a peek at the other side . one good stretch would do it . father ( read Truman 's mind , enraged ) no ! truman why ? what 's there ? father ( unconvincing ) nothing . it 's ... it 's dangerous . ( trace of desperation ) come down , now ! please ! Truman be suddenly aware that the hundred of other beachgoer have stop they activity the stare at he . reluctantly , he start to retrace he step down the rock . when he finally jump to the sand , he father embrace he and lead he away . father I tell you to stay close . do not ever ieave my sight again . ( pause ) you have get to know you limitation . you could have fall . " the truman show " 5 int . truman be car - downtown seahaven . morning - present , through he car window , truman busy a cup of coffee froma streetside vendor . vendor how be ya , Truman ? truman ( place he finger to he pulse ) vital sign be good . he pull into a parking space and sip on the coffee . as he .drink , he become aware of a school bell summoning child to class in the adjacent elementary School . the image prompt another childhood memory . playback - int . seahaven elementary school - classroom . day . once again , the flashback appear to be play ona television screen . : seven-year-old truman sit in the middle row of a elementary School classroom surround by twenty - or- so other weil - scrubbed , uniform youngster . marlon , the boy next to Truman , be on he foot under the scrutiny of a kindly norman rockwell - style school mistress . school mistress what do you want to do when you grow up , marlon ? marlon I want to be a entrepreneur like my dad . school mistress ( impressed ) tell the class what a " entrepreneur " do , marlon . marlon he make a lot of money , ma'am . school mistress a good one do , marlon . ( look in she purse , ham it up ) perhaps I will be come to you for a loan one of this day . the CLASS titter . marlon sit down and wink to Truman . ( continued ) 8 10 '' the truman show " 6 continued : 8 school mistress what about you , Truman ? Truman rise to he foot , gather he nerve . truman I want to be a explorer {with reverence ) .. like magellan . the School mistress smile benevolently . school mistress ( slightly condescending ) I '' afraid no one 's go to pay you to do that , Truman . you might have to find something a little more practical . ( glance to a pulldown wall map behind she head ) besides , you be too late . there 's really nothing leave to explore . the class roar with laughter as the crestfallen Truman take he seat . ext . parking lot . day - present . 3 truman , briefcase in hand , cross from the parking lot to the town square , surround by similarly suite , briefcase - tote office worker . ext . downtown seahaven . day . 10 truman walk briskly down the bustling city street . a snarl of taxi , bus and commuter traffic . a STREET vendor thrust a pretzel under Truman 's nose , a career woman try to catch he eye . Truman stop at a kiosk and busy a newspaper - " the island time " . vendor be that all for you , Truman ? truman that 's all , thanks , errol . other customer also purchase the morning paper . tuck he copy under he arm , Truman select a glossy magazine from a rack , quickly flick through the page . ( continued ) 10 11 12 '' the truman show " 7 continued : 10 glancing in the direction of the newspaper vendor and find he busy with another customer , Truman deftly tear a portion of the open page and pocket the cut . he hastily replace the magazine and depart . as Truman hurry away , the vendor exit the kiosk and pick up the magazine , instantly turn to the tear page . it isa cosmetics advertisement with the model' nose miss . however , the vendor make no effort to confront Truman , almost as if he be expect it . ext . seahaven life and accident , inc . day . 11 Truman pass along a row of shop and office , finally enter a building that proudly proclaim , '' seahaven life & Accident Inc . '' above the entrance . he have evidently take he teacher 's advice . int . insurance company - seahaven life and accident , inc . day . 12 in a cramped , cluttere cubicle , truman talk on the telephone . truman ( into receiver ) ..- okay , okay , let 's call it what it be ... I be not go to lie to you ... life insurance be death insurance ... you have just get to ask yourself two question ... one , in the event of you death , will anyone experience financial loss ?... and two , do you care ? a clerk drop a large reference book on Truman 's desk . Truman check the spine - '' maritime accident '' . truman ( into receiver ) hold on will you ? ( to clerk , refer to the book ) this be no good . lump all maritime accident together . I need drowning as a separate category . the clerk shrug , return the book to he cart and continue he round . truman ( return to he call ) ++- just think about what I have be say and let I ... hello ?... ( continued ) " the truman show " 8 12 continued : 12 the person on the other end have hang up . with a apathetic shrug , Truman replace the receiver . he look over he shoulder and place another call . truman nlower he voice ) can you connect I with directory inquiry in fiji ? a co- worker suddenly poke he head over the neigbore cubicle . co-worker what do you know , Truman ? truman ( embarrassed , mouth the word ) -- can not talk . ( wave off he neighbor , pretend to be on a business call ) I be sorry , ma ’am . if he 's in a coma , he 's probably uninsurable . the co-worker disappear back into he own cubicle . truman nlower he voice again ) hello , operator ... yes , fiji ... do you have a list for a lauren garland ...? {pause ) ..- nothing list ?... what about a sylvia garland ... '' S '' for sylvia ... nothing ? okay , thanks ... the disconsolate Truman replace the receiver . other insurance agent be head to lunch . Truman put on he jacket and follow they to the elevator . 13 int . local italian deli . lunchtime . 13 behind a deli counter , tyrone , fifty , be have he hair brush by a younger man . the man fuss one final time then swiftly depart through a rear door just as truman enter the store . tyrone have anticipate Truman 's order and have already begin prepare a meatball and mozzarella sandwich on a italian roll . Truman gaze at the sandwich skillfully under construction , pain by he own predictability . tyrone ( nauseatingly cheerful ) how 's it go , Truman ? . ( continued ) 13 14 15 " the truman show " 9 continued : 13 truman ( deadpan ) not bad . I just win the State lottery . tyrone ( not listen to Truman 's reply ) good. good. truman tyrone , what if I say I do not want meatball today ? tyrone ( not miss a beat , pass Truman he wrap sandwich ) I would ask for identification . Truman force a half - smile and exit . tyrone see you tomorrow , Truman . truman you can count on it . ext . seclude park . day . 14 truman eat lunch alone at a small , out - of - the - way park dominate by a gazebo . from he briefcase he pull out a old , hardcoverea book , " to the end of the Earth - the Age of Exploration '' . he read to himself , he sandwich uneaten beside he . struck by a particular passage , he read aloud . truman '' with a mutiny but half - repress and starvation imminent , he press southward till he find the long-hope - for strait ... '' Truman be interrupt by a transient in a wheelchair . it be the man 's sneaker Truman notice first , over the top of he book - they be distinctively initialed , '' t.s. '' . still under the spell of the account of magellan , he hand the grateful man he sandwich . int . a conference room somewhere . day . 15 a group of a dozen men and women of vary age sit around a circular conference table in a sterile , windowless meeting room . all stare at a single telephone place in the center of the table , anticipate a call . on cue , the phone ring and one of the man , after wait for the second ring , pick up . ( continued ) be 16 " the truman show " 10 continued : 15 man hello ?... I be sorry , I have get more than enough life insurance . he hang up . after a moment the phone ring again . int . insurance company . day . 16 truman sit at he desk , make a cold call . truman ( into receiver ) ..- this be not about insurance , this be about the great variable - when will geath occur ? could be a week , a month , a year . could happen today ... a sunbather , mind he own business , get stab in the heart by the tip of a runaway beach umbrella ... no way you can guard against that kind of thing , no way at all ... the prospect on the other end , unimpress with Truman 's pitch , hang up . Truman 's supervisor , lawrence , young than Truman by several year , sharper suit , sharper haircut , appear around the corner of the cubicle . lawrence ( hand Truman some documentation ) hey , burbank , I have get a prospect in Welles Park I need you to close . Truman 's face fall . he stare out of he third floor window at the hazy skyline of a nearby island across the bay . truman ( refer to the island ) Welles Park on Harbor Island ? lawrence ( sarcastic ) you know another one ? truman I can not do it . ( search for a plausible excuse ) -- I have get a appointment - - er , dentist . ( continued ) '' ao , = um 16 16a 17 18 . " the truman show " a2 continued : 16 lawrence ( insistent ) you will lose a lot more than you tooth if you do not meet you quota , burbank . ( the threat in he voice be unmistakable ) they be make cutback at the end of the month . you need this . ( as he exit the cubicle ) besides , a half hour across the bay . Sea air . do you good . Truman sink back into he seat and stare out at the distant skyline . the building appear very still . Truman rick up a photo of he wife , meryl , deposit it in he briefcase and exit . ext . seahaven . day . 16 a Truman 's car head out of the city on its way to the ferry . int . seahaven ferry terminal . day . i7 truman exit he car . mustering all he nerve , he march into the seahaven terminal and busy a token for the ferry . out of he hearing , two ferry worker observe Truman 's agitate behavior . ferry worker 1 I get a feel this be the day . ferry worker 2 no way . I say he make it through the turnstile but he never get on . the two man shake on the wager . unaware of the scrutiny , Truman pass through the turnstile with a herd of tourist and commuter . he make he way across the terminal , but abruptly pull up at the gangway . as the other passengers impatiently brush past he onto the boat , Truman remain freeze to the spot , mesmerize by the scummy water rise and fall beneath the dock . it triggers a memory in he head . playback - ext . seahaven harbor . dusk . 18 as always , the flashback appear to play on a television screen . ( continued ) 18 19 20 '' the truman show " 12 continued : 18 seven -year-old truman , wear a lifejacket , sit alongside he father , kirk , in a small sailing dinghy , sailing into a stiff breeze . a second sail boat circle they . we observe the father and son from a angle atop the mast of the neighbor vessel . truman ( shouting above the wind ) let 's go further , daddy ! let 's go further ! kirk ( shouting back ) it 's get rough , Truman . truman ( entreate he father ) please !... kirk shake he head ruefully and indulge he son by head towards the gather storm cloud on the horizon . int . seahaven ferry terminal . day - present . 19 Truman turn and begin to fight he way back against the tide of passengers board the ferry , emerge back onto the street , gasp for air . the ferry worker settle they wager . ext . roadway adjacent to the ferry terminal . day . 20 truman stand at a payphone . by stretch the payphone 's receiver cord as far as it will go , he be just able to reach he arm and leg into the driver 's door of he car . he punctuate he conversation with blast on the car 's horn while revving the car 's engine with he outstretch foot . the few pass motorist and pedestrian regard Truman curiously . truman ( shouting into phone ) -- I tell you the traffic 's insane . ( blast he horn several time to imitate the sound of gridlock ) .. I ' 11 never make the ferry in time . what can I do ?-- what ?. +. lawrence , I can not hear you ! Truman hang up the phone . wr 4 8 rf eet ge e _~ 2i 22 '' the truman show " 13 int . truman' car . day . 21 on he way home , a large " detour " sign force he onto a secondary road , int . truman 's car - parkland , seahaven . day . 22 truman drive along a wind road through parkland . he pull up at a red light - no other traffic around . his attention be catch by a attractive young woman , sit on a park bench not far from the intersection . she be be taunt by two young thug . she attempt to ignore the youth by concentrate on the book on she lap . youth 1 ( to woman ) you wanna read to I ? his companion smirk . youth 1 ( more insistent ) you wanna read to I ? the boy reach over and snatch the novel from she grasp . youth 2 nmenace ) my friend ask you a question . the woman pick up she bag in a reflex and hold it to she . she look about for assistance , briefly catch Truman 's eye . the youth also look in Truman 's direction , stare he down . woman ( reach for the book ) please ... the boy return the book to the woman , but before do so rip out the last page from the novel and stuff it in he shirt pocket . youth 2 now you nre gonna have to ask I how it end . _ one of the youth grab the woman , drag she toward the surround wood . youth 1 we be gonna tell you how it end , baby . ( continued ) 22 23 24 '' " the truman show " a4 continued : woman help ! please help ! as_ they drag she towards the undergrowth , Truman , horrify , half get out of the car - fearful of he own safety as much as the woman' . Truman shout to the youth , he voice crack with fear . truman hey ! let she go ! a huge truck suddenly appear behind Truman 's car , its horn blast , the driver hurl abuse . Truman hesitates as the youth drag the woman into the bush , conflict over whether or not to help . the truck driver keep he hand on the horn . Truman retreat back into he - car and reluctantly drive on . ext . parkland - wood . day . Truman 's car safely out of sight , the youths promptly release the young woman . she calmly brushes herself off , no longer afraid . the young man , no longer angry , retrieve she bag . woman thanks . the threesome walk back towards the roadway as if life - long friend . woman oponder the incident ) he do nothing . youth 1 ( shrug , suddenly more couth ) physical violence paralyze he . always have . ext . truman 's house . dusk . Beyond the pretty picket fence at the end of the property flow a busy highway . truman be mow the lawn . from he expression it would seem that he 's still reflect on he inaction in the park . he switch off the mower and lean on the handle . he be distract by the arrival of he wife , meryl , exite the house . she wear a nurse 's uniform and carry a curious metal device attach to a cardboard back . she kiss Truman affectionately on the cheek . ( continued ) 22 23 24 " the truman show " as 24 continued : 24 meryl hi , honey . look at this . ( proudly refer to the device ) it 's a " chef 's - mate " . dicer , slicer and peeler in one . never need sharpen . dishwasher safe . truman gee , that 's great . look over Truman 's shoulder , meryl notice a small , uncut patch of grass miss by Truman in one of he pass , meryl ( refer to the uncut grass ) you miss a section . meryl enter the house . Truman restart the lawnmower and obediently push it towards the offend patch of lawn . as the mower brushes up against the unconform blade of grass , Truman pull back abruptly . he check the kitchen window for meryl and wheel the mower away , leave the patch uncut . 25 int . truman 's house - live room . night . 25 meryl be remove the cap of she nurse 's uniform when truman enter . truman how do it go today ? meryl ( matter-of -fact ) a man trip and fall on a chainsaw . ( shrug ) we get three of he finger back on . Truman retrieve a bucket of golf ball and a golf club from behind the door . meryl ( disappointed at the sight of the golf equipment ) I be hope we could have a special evening . truman I will not be late . ( continued ) 25 26 '' the truman show " 16 continued : 25 meryl ( sense something odd in he demeanor ) do something happen today ? Truman turn to she too sharply , he guilt show . truman what could happen ? Truman exit . ext . unfinished bridge . night . 26 a half - construct bridge , paved but unmark , end abruptly in mid-air - reinforce steel protrude from the concrete . truman stand at the end of the unfinish bridge with marlon , thirty , a well - fill physique . marlon drink beer from a can while Truman address a teed - up golf ball with a number three wood . the headlight of they two park car light the cement " fairway " . they target be a sign at the far end of the bridge proclaim , " the seahaven causeway - link seahaven Island with the Rest of the World - you tax dollar at work " - a upturn plastic cone at the foot of the sign be the " hole " . Truman wind up and swing , make healthy contact with the ball . the ball arch away into the night sky . from a new angle we see the ball take a huge hop on the outside lane of the abandon freeway and continue down the asphalt beyond the sign . marlon toss Truman another off - white ball from a bucket of badly scar golf ball . Truman set the ball up on the makeshift tee area and launch himself into he second shot . with a slight fade , the second ball carry even further than the first . marlon whose nut be that ? Truman hand marlon they sole golf club without comment . marlon tee up a ball of he own . he use orange golf ball . truman I be think of get out , marlon . marlon {mild interest only } yeah ? outta what ? ( continued ) 26 " the truman show " 17 continued : 26 truman outta my job , outta seahaven , off this island ...out ! marlon take a practice swing . marlon outta you job ? what the hell 's wrong with you job ? you gotta great job . you gotta desk job . I would kill for a desk job . marlon address the ball and swing - a sweeping hook shot that bounce off the freeway and into the water hazard . marlon ( annoyed by the errant tee shot ) sonofabitch . ( still look in the direction of he ball ) try stock vend machine for a live . my biggest decision of the day be whether the almond Joys look better next to the snicker or the baby ruth . Truman select another '' m '' ball from the bucket and toss it to marlon . truman {adamant ) have not you ever get itchy foot ? overcompensate with he second shot , marlon slice the ball in the other direction . a lucky bounce keep it on the " green " . the ball roll in the direction of the upturn cone . marlon ( skeptical , pick up he beer ) where be there to go ? Truman gulp he beer as he prepare he answer . truman ( unable to disguise he reverence ) fiji . marlon consider Truman 's suggestion as he sip he beer . marlon ( impressed ) fiji ? where the hell be fiji exactly ? near Florida ? you can not drive there , can you ? ( continued ) 26 27 '' the truman show " 18 continued : ( 2 ) 26 Truman pick up a golf ball to demonstrate . he point to a dimple on he make - shift globe . truman see here , this be we . ( slide he finger around the other side of the ball ) all the way round here , fiji . you can not get any further away before you start come back . ( toss the world in he hand , warming to he subject ) y'know , there be still island in fiji where no human be have ever set foot . marlon ( still dubious ) so when be you leave ? truman it 's not that simple . take money , Planning . you can not just up and go . ( head off marlon 's skepticism ) oh , I be go to do it , do not worry about that . I nve just get to move slow . pick my moment . bonus time 's just around the corner . soon as I finish the ... marlon nursery ? truman spare room -- I can start think about sell up ... and I will be go . up and away on that big steel bird . ( as if to convince himself ) I be go , do not you worry about that . marlon nod even though the concept of take flight be beyond he imagination . marlon I never know anybody who want to leave seahaven . a awkward moment . Truman , once again , not so sure of himself . int . a dimly - lit room somewhere . night . 27 a man look up sharply . he stare into camera . christof , late fifty - a vitality in he eye that bely he year . a news anchor-style earpiece disappear down the neck of he suit . 28 " the truman show " 19 ext . bridge . night . 28 truman and marlon wander along the empty bridge , retrieve the golf ball . marion go to say something to the disconsolate Truman , but be momentarily distract . he raise he hand to he ear . Truman place another of the ball in the bucket . marlon Truman , you know , I do think about move away one time . truman {interest pique ) yeah , what happen ? marlon I figure , what 's the point ? I know I have just be take my problem with I . once the kid come along , it make I look at seahaven with new eye . ( gaze out at the light of seahaven ) I realize , what the hell could be better than this ? ( put a hand on Truman 's shoulder ) I be tell you . what you really need be someone to carry on the '' burbank '' name . truman you think so ? marlon trust I . marlon pick up the last ball at the mouth of the upturn cone . the ball be white . marlon ( check the ball ) you win . they approach Truman 's car . Truman open the trunk to deposit they humble golf equipment . Inside be the remain of the fall light fixture . truman ( refer to the light ) you really think it could have drop off a airliner ? ( continued ) 28 29 30 '' the truman show " 20 continued : 28 marlon ( unimpress ) sure . it 's halogen . shame it do not hit you - you could have sue , ( quickly change the subject ) you come for a drink ? truman I can not tonight . int . lighthouse . night . 29 from the Pov of the lighthouse 's lantern room , we observe truman sit on the beach stare out to sea . closer on Truman . he have a portable tape recorder sling over he shoulder and point a cord microphone at the surf . we watch Truman 's impassive face as he make the recording of the lap wave . the lamp from the lighthouse occasionally fall upon Truman . playback - ext . ocean . day . 30 as always , the flashback appear to play on a television screen . the sky be black with storm cloud . gale force wind lash rain into the face of seven -year-old truman and he father , kirk . as kirk stand up to get he bearing , a freak gust of wind catch the sail . the boom whip across the stern and strike kirk flush in the head , knock he overboard . Truman , wear the sole lifejacket , desperately reach for he father . he momentarily have hold of he father 's hand when kirk be abruptly drag beneath the surface . truman ( cry out ) daddy !!... daddy !!... his cry go unanswer . Seven - year-old Truman find himself alone - the storm abruptly pass , the wind suddenly drop , the water still . the frighten Truman examine the ring he hold in he open hand - he father 's ring - wrench from he finger in Truman 's fight to keep he afloat . 31 32 33 " the truman show '' 21 ext . beach . night - present . 31 a close up of truman from kirk 's ring that Truman now wear . then , from the lighthouse Pov , we observe Truman get to he foot and walk towards the dark water . he stand at the water 's edge . truman ( shouting at the surf ) I be sorry , dad ! I be sorry ! as if in reply , a tongue of lightning flash across the distant skyline , follow by a growl of thunder . int . a live room somewhere . night . 32 two old women , seventies , sit beside each other on a sofa look directly into camera as they talk . old woman 1 ( play amateur psychiatrist ) it leave he with more than he obvious fear of the water . old woman 2 he be never the same curious little boy again . old woman 1 half the woman I know name they child after he . ext . beach parking lot . night . 33 truman be force to leg it through a sudden rain shower to he car . from Truman 's point - of-view , the shower appear quite normal . however , view from a distance , we see that the shower be extremely localize , encircle only he , as if a small cloud be directly above he head , tracking he progress . as Truman cross the parking lot , the shower cross with he . sense something amiss , Truman dance back and forth across the street , intrigue by the curious phenomenon . he hum a few bar of '' singin 's in the rain '' . the rain become heavier , cover a wider area . Truman run the remain distance to he car . 34 " the truman show " 22 int . truman' house - nursery . night . 34 the drench truman enter to find meryl in the unfinish nursery , compare wallpaper sample . meryl wear a robe , a glimpse of black negligee beneath . meryl where have you be ? truman ( wring out he jacket ) I have be think -- meryl ( roll she eye ) oh , god. truman ( ignore the reaction ) -- I figure we could scrape together eight thousand . meryl ( exasperate ) every time you and marlon -- truman -- we could bum around the world for a year on that . meryl and then what , Truman ? we have be back to . where we be five year ago . you be talk like a teenager . truman maybe I feel like a teenager . meryl we be mortgage to the eyeball , Truman . there 's the car payment . be we just go to walk away from we financial obligation ? Truman , still drip on the floor , hold meryl by the arm . he talk excitedly to she the way we imagine he do when they be court . truman it would be a adventure . ( continued ) '' the truman show " 23 34 continued : 34 meryl I think we be go to try for a baby . be not that enough of a adventure ? truman that can wait . I want to get away . see some of the world . explore . meryl give a derisive laugh . meryl you want to be a explorer ? you do not even have a passport , Truman . I bet you do not even know how to get one , the word sting . Truman turn away . see the pain she 's cause , she change tack . meryl this 'il pass . everybody think like this now and then . ( make a attempt at seduction ) come to bed . truman I think I be go to stay up for a while . 35 int . a office build somewhere - reception . night . 35 in the reception area of a office building , two uniformed guard grink coffee . guard 1 how can they have a child ? guard 2 it 's not gonna be he , you idiot . guard 1 why not ? guard 2 you think she have go through with it ? guard i sure she would . guard 2 oreassess he own opinion ) guess I always think they would adopt . 36 37 38 39 40 " the truman show " 24 ext . truman 's STREET . dawn . 36 there be something peculiar about the way the sun rise over seahaven Island - the light appear in a arc that 's slightly too perfect and well - define . int . truman 's bedroom . morning . 37 in front of he bedroom window , truman , wear he new sweat , perform a exercise routine of he own invention . he count off the exercise to himself - cheating as he do so . he count five leg-lift for every two he complete . truman -- five ... ( two leg-lift later ) ten ...fifteen ... two more make twenty . int . a bedroom somewhere . morning . 38 a middle - age married couple in identical match sweat repeat the same eccentric exercise in perfect sync , as if they be in a class lead by Truman . ext . car . day . 39 truman climb into the car and switch on the radio . he drive down the street . radio announcer another glorious morning in seahaven , folk . do not forget to buckle up -- Truman mutter to himself as be he custom . ext . downtown seahaven . day . 40 truman emerge from the parking lot and as usual stop at the newspaper stand . he pick up a glossy magazine and flip through the cosmetic ad , surreptitiously tear a pair of eye from one of the page . he return the magazine to the rack . as usual , the newspaper vendor fail to intervene . Truman begin he daily pilgrimage to work through the rush hour pedestrian traffic . as he enter the street lead to he office , he glimpsis a homeless man reflect in the window of a park car . Truman , spellbound by the man , suddenly wheel around to face he . the homeless man , late - fifty , more well - groom and ( continued ) 40 " the truman show " 2s continued : 40 well - feed than the average vagrant , have a serene smile on he face . the homeless man place he hand ever so gently on Truman 's cheek . Truman make no effort to withdraw . he be transfix by the man 's eye . he appear to recognize he . truman ( almost to himself , mouth the word ) dad ... suddenly a elegant woman shopper walk a small wiener dog and a business executive carry a briefcase , walk in opposite direction along the sidewalk , grab the homeless man . one under each arm , lift the homeless man off the ground , they start to whisk the bewilder derelict down the street . truman ( call out ) stop ! stop !! Truman begin to give chase . however , the shopper and the businessman be surprisingly fleet - foote . even more surprising as Truman embark on the pursuit be the behavior of the pedestrian and commuter . they appear to part for the flee trio then close rank in front of he . be it accidental , or be the pedestrian work together , run interference ? truman ( shouting at the pedestrian ) outta the way ! outta the way ! they be escape . Truman finally break through the pack , bowl over several of the pedestrian in the process . just as he get within reach of the shopper and the businessman , a bus suddenly screech to a halt beside the abductor , door already open . the woman shopper and the executive bundle the homeless man onto the bus . Truman lurch after they , but he be meet by the bus door , close sharply in he face . truman ( to bus driver ) hey , stop ! stop the bus !! Truman thump against the door , but the bus driver ignore he cry and the bus roar away . the other passengers in the bus , apparently oblivious to the incident , keep stare straight ahead . {continued ) 40 41 " the truman show " 26 continued : ( 2 ) 40 Truman continue to give chase when a taxi appear out of nowhere and cut in front of he , block he path . when he recover , the bus have disappear . the mysterious crowd of pedestrian have also dissolve as if it never exist . retracing he step , head reeling , wonder if he could have imagine the whole incident , Truman discover that the woman shopper have leave she wiener dog behind . the dog wander aimlessly on the pavement , its leash trail behind it . int . mother' house . day . 41 truman pace impatiently in the live room of he mother 's cramped , fussy , doily little house full of burbank family memorabilia - a cluster of frame photograph be dominate by one of he father trim with a black ribbon . a toilet flush and Truman 's mother finally emerge from the next room , she present something of a contradiction . although she walk with the aid of a '' walker '' , she be actually a well - preserve sixty . she wear a glamorous nightgown and a full head of bleach - blonde hair . truman ( kissing mother on the cheek ) how be you , mother ? mother well , I make it through another night . truman how 's you hip ? mother oh , just so . Truman support mother . mother you know . surprise be not good for I . you should really call before you come over , dear . truman I have get something to tell you . you have better sit down . Truman help she into a overstuff armchair . ( continued ) 41 continued : " the truman show " a7 41 mother you look very pale , Truman . be you take you vitamin D 's ? truman ( exasperate ) I spend half my life out in the sun , mother , why would I need vitamin D ? mother I feel certain my condition run in the family . ( put the back of she hand dramatically to she forehead ) can not this wait , dear ? he kneel beside she . truman no , I be afraid it can not . Truman take a deep breath as he prepare to give she the news . truman I know this be go to sound insane , mother , but ... I see dad today on lancaster Circle . he 's alive . mother smile condescendingly . mother it do not sound insane , Truman . I swear I see he ten time a week -- in a hundred face . I almost hugge a perfect stranger in the salon last Thursday . truman it be dad , I swear , dress like a homeless man . and you know what else be really strange ? a businessman and a woman with a little dog appear from nowhere and force he onto a bus . mother about time they start clean up the trash downtown . we do not want to end up like the rest of the country . truman ( excited ) they never find dad 's body - maybe somehow -- ( continued ) 41 42 " the truman show " 28 continued : ( 2 ) 41 mother ~- darling -- truman ( already doubting himself ) I be tell you , if it be not he , it be he twin . do dad have a brother ? mother you know he be a only child , like you . fplace a comforting arm around he ) I know how bad you feel about what happen -- sailing into that storm . but I do not blame you , Truman . I never have . mother kiss Truman on the cheek . mother ( refer to she platinum blonde hair ) I be think about go lighter . what do you think ? Truman regards he mother . her hair be already impossibly blonde . int . truman 's basement . dusk . 42 the basement be cluttere with junk - ship in bottle , a train track without train , a oxygen mask , a stringless guitar , many abandon project . the basement be dimly light by a single , naked bulb . truman look over he shoulder before open a large walk - in cupboard . on the cupboard door be a wall map of the Pacific Ocean - the fiji Islands be carefully circle . amongst the many tool and household implement inside the cupboard be a trunk under a dusty canvas sheet . he pull the trunk into the room , unfasten the lock and open the lid . Inside , memento from he youth . a " how to sail '' book , a stack of '' great explorer '' magazine , and beneath it all , a garment in a dryclean bag . Truman carefully lift up the plastic to reveal a young woman 's cardigan sweater . he put the cardigan to he nose and take in its scent . footstep . Truman hastily drop the cardigan in the trunk and shut the lid . meryl 's leg appear on the stair . meryl what be you do down here ? ( continued ) '' the truman show " 29 42 continued : 42 truman ( turn attention to a upturn mower on the basement floor ) fix the mower . ( matter-of - fact ) I see my father today . meryl I know . truman ( suspicious ) how do you know ? meryl you mother call . you should not upset she like that . meryl 's response take the wind out of Truman 's sail . truman what do you want ? meryl I make macaroni . truman I be not hungry . meryl nod , not at all convinced . meryl we really ought to toss that mower out . get one of that new elk rotaries . Truman do not reply . after a uncomfortable pause , she turn back up the stair . Truman wait a moment before re-opening the trunk . he remove the cardigan and hold it up , reminisc . 43 int . a kitchen somewhere . night . 43 a mother , daughter about 12 , and a baby in a highchair stare into camera . daughter what 's he do ? mother they remove all physical trace of she but they could not erase the memory . ( continued ) 43 44 44a 44b 45 " the truman show " 30 continued : 43 daughter the memory of who ? mother ( finger to lip ) shhh ! playback montage - ext . college campus - step . day . 44 once again the image appear to be play on a television screen . on the step of a typical college campus , truman , 21 , ina college band uniform , participate in a football pep rally . marlon , 21 , a member of the football team , and meryl , 21 , a cheerleader , be nearby . Truman observe a ethereal - look young woman walk by - lauren . playback - int . dancehall . night . 44a at a college dance , truman dance with meryl . lauren dance by with a partner of she own . however , Truman only have eye for lauren . suddenly , she be escort from the dance floor . playback - ext . college campus - STREET . day . 44b truman almost trip off the curb as he wave to lauren , riding towards he on a bicycle . however , she ride right by with she nose in the air , not even acknowledge he presence - Truman puzzle by she change of heart . the montage end at a scene in a college library . playback - int . college library . night . 45 in the school library , truman , 21 , sit with marlon , 21 , and wife - to - be , meryl , 21 , do a final cram for a test . the student begin to pack up they book . meryl give Truman a peck on the cheek . meryl come on , Truman . have not you study enough ? truman I still want to look over a couple of thing . ( continued ) 45 " tre truman show " 31 continued : 45 marlon ( punch Truman in a chummy way on the arm , refer to Truman 's book ) take the " C " average . that 's what I do . Truman look up from he book . the library be almost desert . he spy a girl 's hand around the table divider . Truman muster the nerve to poke he head over the divider . he find lauren on the other side , bury in a book . truman konichi-wa , lauren look blank . truman ( refer to the japanese text in front of she ) you take japanese . lauren ( quickly close the book ) oh , yes . ' truman ( glance to the name carefully write on the front of the book ) lauren , right ? lauren {as if unaware of she own name ) that 's right . lauren . truman nextend he hand ) I '' Truman , Truman burbank - - lauren -- I be not allow to talk to you . Truman be not surprised . truman ( resign ) it 's okay . I probably would not talk to I either . lauren ( soften ) I be sorry . it 's not up to I . ( continued ) '' the truman show " 32 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 truman ( crestfallen ) you have a boyfriend ? of course you do . lauren look about she , unsure . lauren no ... I , er. truman {hopeful once again ) no? really ? good , I mean , I think possibly a pizza . how about Friday ? lauren no . truman Saturday ? lauren look around the almost - desert library . truman actually , I be free Sunday . lauren now . truman right now ? we have get final tomorrow . lauren if we do not go now , it will not happen . Truman hesitates . lauren ( impatient , look anxiously around ) well , what do you want to do ? truman nclose he book , still a little uncertain ) I think I have study enough . 46 playback - ext . various location near seahaven college . night . 46 lauren , take truman by the hand , run down various street and path through the campus . she occasionally pause and look about she , often change direction or look up at streetlight and the tower of house along they route , as if try to elude a unseen pursuer . {continued ) 46 47 " the truman show " 33 continued : 46 the excited and apprehensive Truman run with she although he be unsure exactly who , or what , they be run from . the further they get from the campus , the higher , wider and less effective the coverage of the scene - some camera angle be even partially obscure . playback ~- ext . highway - western end of town . night . 47 truman and lauren eventually cross a empty highway on the edge of town . they run over the dune onto a strangely desert beach and down to the water 's edge under a hyper-real full moon . lauren throw off she cardigan and hitches up she skirt , wading out into the invite water without another think . Truman stare down , transfix by the shimmer water . lauren ( splash ) it 's beautiful ! what be you wait for ? truman ( nervous ) I ... I can not . lauren suddenly stop splash . lauren that 's right . oh , God , I be sorry . she wade out of the water . truman nconfuse ) why , lauren ? you have get nothing to be sorry about ? lauren , drip wet , stand beside Truman at the shoreline . she meet he gaze . lauren my name 's not lauren . it 's sylvia . Truman look into she eye and believe she . Truman wipe the water from she face , then lean forward and gently kiss she lip . she kiss he back . 48 49 " the truman show " 34 int . a bar somewhere . night . 48 in a quiet bar room , a waitress explain she viewpoint to the barman . a patron on a barstool eavesdrop . waitress do not you get it ? she be willing to lose he , lose everything , if it mean he could find himself . ( register the barman 's blank look ) never mind . you would not understand . playback - ext . beach . night . 49 as we return to Truman 's reminiscence , truman and sylvia ( as she be now call throughout the remainder of the movie ) sit on the sand at the water 's edge . with great delicacy , Truman trace the outline of she nose with he finger , at the same time inhale she scent . sylvia look nervously around she . Truman go to say something but sylvia hush he . sylvia they be come . any minute . truman ( look around the desert beach ) who ? sylvia they be go to stop I talk to you . truman ( confuse ) there 's no one here . sylvia ( look over she shoulder nervously ) just listen . you remember when you be a little boy , you stand up in class and say you want to be a explorer like magellan - - truman ( incredulous ) -- how go you know about that ? sylvia -- and you teacher say , '' you be too late , Truman . there 's nothing leave to explore . '' . {continued ) '' the truman seow " 35 49 continued : 49 truman be you there - - how do you know ? sylvia -- it do not matter . everybody know about it . they know everything you do . the point be , you get scared . truman I do not understand . sylvia nlook over she shoulder , increasingly nervous ) you must listen . everybody 's pretend , Truman . she point to the sky and scoops up the sea water at they foot . sylvia you think this be real ? it 's all for you . a show. ( frustrated , rave ) the eye be everywhere . they be watch you - right now . ( suddenly a car 's headlight come bounce over the dune . . the car roar across the beach towards the couple . sylvia ( scared ) I tell you , Truman ! the car skid to a stop and a large man , 40ish , with a shock of red hair , jump from the car . the man yank the frighten sylvia to she foot , cause she cardigan to fall to the ground . man ( to sylvia , oddly sympathetic ) lauren , sweetheart , not again . get in the car ! Truman jump up . truman hey , who the hell be you ?! man I be she father ! truman ~ we be not do anything . ( continued ) 49 50 51 '' the truman show " 36 continued : ( 2 ) 49 sylvia he 's not my father ! he 's just say that ! do he look anything like I ?! man come on , sweetheart . the man gently , but firmly , push sylvia towards he car . sylvia resist . Truman cross to they . truman I will take care of she ! . the man take Truman aside and whisper in he ear . man ( whisper , out of sylvia 's earshot ) schizophrenia . she have episode . doubt start crowd into Truman 's head . sylvia . ( call out from the car do not listen to he , Truman . I be tell you the truth ! man {getting into the car ) do not bother ! we be move to ... fiji - the fiji Islands ! this place have do something to she head . int . a dimly - lit room somewhere . night - present . 50 christof stare intently into camera . beside he be he assistant , chloe , a androgenous - look young woman . she too stare into camera . christof at least he do not say '' New York City " . playback - ext . beach . night . . 51 truman stare after the car as it roar away . he turn back toward the ocean where he attention be catch by a object lie on the sand - sylvia 's cardigan . 52 53 54 55 56 " the truman show " 37 int . truman' basement . night - present . 52 truman carefully place the cardigan back into the trunk . int . a kitchen somewhere . night . 53 mother , daughter and baby stare into camera . daughter but why do not he just follow she to fiji ? mother because he mother get sick - very , sick . he could not leave she . he 's a kind boy , maybe too kind . daughter I can not believe he marry meryl on the rebound . int . basement . night . 54 truman turn he attention to the frame photograph of meryl that he carry everywhere . Hidden behind she photo be a composite picture of sylvia which Truman have construct by pasting together individual facial feature - nose , mouth , ear , chin , hair ~ gather , presumably , from woman 's magazine . he attempt to put the jigsaw puzzle together - although he have particular difficulty find a pair of eye that match . from he pocket he take a recent collection of eye which , like a detective work on a identikit picture , he try to match . they be still not quite right . int . a apartment somewhere . night . 55 the eye of a young woman - blue-green eye . she turn slightly , look directly into camera . we pull back to reveal she face - sylvia . ext . truman 's STREET . early morning . 56 Dawn break over Truman 's street . on cue , the sound of bird . 57 58 '' the truman show " 38 ext . STREET outside truman 's house . morning . 57 truman leave the house , lose in think . spencer be take out the trash . spencer how 's it go , Truman ? Truman hardly acknowledge Spencer . pluto the dog fail to receive he usual pat . the wave from the WASHINGTON 's across the street be also not return . int / ext . car / STREET outside truman 's house . day . 58 truman motor down the street , switch on the car radio as usual . radio announcer -- do not forget to buckle up out there in radioland . it 's another glorious ... . morrrninggg ...innn ... seaaaa . haaaa ...vennnn ...f...0... 1...k...8... the announcer 's voice slow down - now revealing itself to be a tape that have wear out . Truman , perplex , look at the radio and push button in a attempt to find another station . he find one . female voice ( from radio ) ..- west on Stewart ...he 's make a right on Holden ... Truman glance up at the street sign along he route and find that they correspond exactly with the street quote on the radio . distract , he almost bowl over a old lady on a crosswalk . male voice ( from radio ) ... God , he almost hit Marilyn !... he 's on the move again , pass the library ... Truman readjust the radio as it start to fade out . suddenly , there be a pierce blast of feedback . he look up and , as far as the eye can see , every pedestrian , motorist and shopkeeper along the street suddenly wince in pain and hold they right ear at exactly the same moment . ( continued ) 58 59 60 61 62 " the truman show " 39 continued : male voice ( from radio , in distress himself ) ... something 's wrong . Change frequency ... Truman try to pick up the channel once again but without success . ext . parking lot . morning . truman sit in he car , drink he coffee , take in the recent incident . from inside the adjacent school , he hear the familiar , excited squeal and chatter of school child . Truman suddenly throw aside he coffee and sprint across the parking lot and into the school . int . seahaven elementary school . morning . truman slam through the front door into the reception area . it be desert , no one station at the administration desk , the corridor empty . he run down a vacant corridor , finally stand outside a classroom . the child 's voice can still be hear from inside . Truman burst through the door . the room be empty save for a large reel - to- reel tape recorder on the teacher 's desk play a continuous tape of child 's voice . the recorder be attach to speaker on tall stand face the ventilation duct . Truman stare at the machine in disbelief . ext . STREET - downtown . day . truman , still lose in think , exit the school . he stop at the newsstand and pick up a magazine to resume he ritual search but he heart be not in it . he replace the magazine without take a cut - much to the surprise of the news vendor . Truman start he trek to work , pause to stare at he reflection in the mirrore building , hope that the homeless man will appear once again at he side . no one join he . ext . downtown STREET . day . enter he own building with fellow office worker , truman remain in the revolve door and re-emerges on the street . 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 | " the truman show " 40 ext . CITY street . day , 63 truman wander aimlessly through a city park , observe . we sense , truly observe for the first time . a young woman walk a pair of afghan hound . a old man answer the incessant question of he grandchild . nothing appear amiss . Truman take a seat at a small , outdoor cafe . he fidget with he father 's ring on he finger that contain one large stone , still look for a false move . a delivery man unload box from the back of he truck and carry they into a store . further down the street construction worker take they time tend to a electrical repair in a expose manhole . a postal worker do he round . a old woman struggle with two heavy shopping bag . everybody appear natural , place to go . int . a dimly - lit room somewhere . day . 64 christof and chloe stare into camera . christof lean forward and speak , christof ... everybody stay focuss . remember who you be . ext . cafe . day 65 truman turn he attention to a group of cuban - looking men at the only other occupy table at the cafe . we see extreme close - up as Truman scan the man 's face for any sign of phoniness . they be talk loudly , make suggestive comment to the waitress . they behavior pass the test - all seem genuine . then , Truman notice two jogger out for a morning run , make they way down the street towards he . Truman happen to glance at the sneaker of one of the jogger . he suddenly spring to he foot . Truman block the jogger . truman it 's you ... be not it ? the jogger attempt to sidestep Truman . jogger 1 Excuse I . ( continued ) 65 66 67 " the truman show " 41 continued : 65 truman remember ? two day ago I give you my meatball sandwich in the park . you be in a wheelchair . same sneaker . the jogger look down at he distinctive sneaker bear the initial , * t.s. '' , and visibly blanch . jogger 2 ( come to he companion 's aid ) get the hell out of here . the second jogger roughly shove Truman aside . Truman call out after the two man , truman ( ironically refer to the jogger 's new -found mobility ) it 's a miracle ! Truman pick himself up , dusting dirt from he suit . he retrieve he briefcase and continue down the street with renew purpose . ext . downtown STREET . day . 66 wandering down the bustling street , truman suddenly bolt into a building at random . int . office build . day . 67 a impose office building clad in the kind of reflective glass that shield its occupant from the world - a building Truman pass every day . a steady stream of employees and visitors enter and exit the building 's high - ceiling lobby past a intimidating security desk manned by two uniformed guard . Beyond security be bank of elevator , ferry executive , clerical staff and delivery personnel to and from they floor of business . Truman abruptly enter reception and stride confidently past the security desk try to look as if he belong . security guard 1 ( to Truman ) can I help ? truman ( sneaking a glance at the building directory ) I have a appointment at , er ... gable enterprise . ( continued ) 67 , '' tit truman show '' a2 continued : 67 security guard 1 they go bust . the second Security Guard be rise from he seat to block Truman 's path to the elevator but Truman read he mind and make a dash for it - into one of the elevator . a young woman in the elevator look in horror at Truman - the cause of she concern all too apparent . look beyond the woman , Truman discover that there be no back to the elevator car . the people Truman have just witness enter other elevator be milling around a refreshment table , primp or sit on fold chair . gradually , they all turn to gape at Truman , who in turn stare back , appal . Truman 's view be abruptly block as a rear panel be hastily attach to the elevator . a Security Guard pull Truman from the car . truman what 's go on ? security guard 1 ( glance to the light above the elevator , try to appear innocent ) nothing . Truman observe the upward progress of the elevator via the light display above the doorway . before he have time to make sense of it , the guard drag he away . security guard 2 you nve get to leave . the Guards frog-march Truman out of the facade towards a emergency exit . truman just tell I what 's go on ? security guard 2 we be re-modelling . truman no you be not !! what be that people do in there ? security guard 1 ( shrug ) it 's none of my business . ( ushere Truman off the property ) none of yours , either . ( continued ) 67 68 68a '' the truman show " 43 continued : ( 2 ) 67 truman ( not go quietly ) you do not tell I what 's really go on , I ' 11 report you . truman continue to struggle as the guard usher he to the street . security guard 2 for what ? you be trespasp ! ext . downtown STREET . day . 68 truman continue to struggle as the guard unceremoniously dump he on the pavement . he pick himself up , head reeling , and start to run along the street . he suddenly enter another building at random . a office block with a bank on the ground floor . Truman rush to the elevator . the light above the door show all the elevator on upper floor ... frantic press of the elevator button get no response . a receptionist rise from she desk . Truman head for the stair but be intercept by a bank official barring he way . truman I want to ... . the Bank official , the receptionist , and a bank teller back Truman towards the door . bank official ... open a account ? truman yes . er , why not ? receptionist saving or check ? bank official let 's go up to my office . Truman hurriedly exit the bank . ext . STREET . day . 68 a back on the street , truman feel the eye of the pedestrian . be he simply draw attention to himself by he behavior ? Truman wheel around , try to make eye contact with passersby . they shy away . he continue to run down the street . { continued ) 68a 69 70 71 " the truman show " a continued : finally , Truman find himself stand in front of the window of a electronics store stare at he own face on a tv set . it be take a feed from a camcorder aim out the store window . int . a bathroom somewhere . day . a man stare into camera from a bath of stale water - a layer of soap scum on the top . man do not look at I , pal . ext . STREET - electronics store . day . truman shudder at he video reflection . further down the street , he notice marlon 's van park outside a supermarket . int . supermarket . day . the door of a vend machine be open . marlon , half inside the machine , load a stack of baby Ruth candy bar into one of the dispense slot . the paranoid truman appear at he shoulder . truman marlon~ - marlon ( startle ) -- Truman , what be you do here ? Truman look nervously around he . even the store owner 's friendly nod from behind the counter be cause for suspicion in Truman 's mind . truman ( whisper ) I have get to talk to you . marlon sorry , I be way behind . truman I be onto something , marlon ~ something big . marlon be you okay ?. you look like shit . - ( continued ) 68a 69 70 71 71 continued : '' the truman show " 45 71 truman I think I be mix up in something . marlon mix up ? mix up in what ? truman there 's no point in try to explain it , but a lot of strange thing have be happen - elevator that do not go anywhere , people talk about I on the radio , you know what I mean ? marlon ( bemuse ) no. Truman , if this be another one of you fantasy ... truman I think it 's get something to do with my dad . marlon you dad ?! truman nlook around nervously ) I think he 's alive . I ' 11 tell you about it later . i'm definitely be follow . marlon ( look around , instantly protective ) who ? truman it 's hard to tell . they look just like regular people . marlon ( refer to a old couple enter the deli ) how about they ? truman ( seriously consider the possibility ) could be . beard look phony . ( lean closer to marlon ) it 's when I be unpredictable . they can not stand that . that 's why we have get to get out of here . can you come with I ? ( continued ) 71 72 73 74 75 '' the truman show " 46 continued : ( 2 ) marlon nclose up the vend machine ) I tell you I can not . truman I have get to show you something . Truman fix marlon with a look of deadly seriousness . marlon oweaken ) Christ , Truman . you be gonna get both we ass fire . ext . seahaven elementary school . day . truman hurry marlon up the school step . the sound of child 's voice continue to drift out from inside the building . Truman and marlon storm into the school reception area - still empty . int . school corridor . day . truman and marlon stand outside the classroom , the source of the child 's voice . Truman throw he friend a " I - tell - you - so " look and swing open the door with a flourish . int . classroom . day . the once -empty classroom be now full of school child in a art class . a hush fall over the student and all eye turn to truman and marlon . teacher ogesture to two unoccupy easel ) would you care to join we ? ext . clifftop . dusk . hand-over -hand , truman climb the cliff he once scale as a seven - year-old . finally , he sit on the clifftop , stare out at the view he father have be so desperate for he not to see twenty - six year earlier . however , the desert bay beyond be identical to its neighbor . marlon , labor , crest the rise and join he friend on the clifftop . ( continued ) 71 72 73 74 75 75 continued : " the truman show " 47 75 marlon what be we do here , Truman ? truman this be where it start . marlon what exactly ? truman thing . thing that do not fit . ( another think occur ) maybe I be be set up for something . you ever feel like that , marlon ? like you whole life have be building to something ? marlon ( blank ) no. truman nignore the remark ) when you be haul chicken for kaiser poultry , what be the furthest you ever go off the island ? marlon I go all over but I never find a place like this . ( nodd to the set sun ) look at that sunset , Truman . it 's perfect . truman ( in a daze ) yeah ... marlon ( glance heavenward ) that 's the '' Big guy '' . quite a paintbrush he 's get . truman just between you and I , marlon , I be go away for a while . marlon really ? 76 '' the truman show " 48 int . live room - truman' house . night . 76 truman sit cramped on he sofa . pull wider , we discover the cause of he discomfort . he be sandwich between meryl on one side and mother on the other . mother , the family historian , a stack of photograph album at she foot , turn the page of the album on Truman 's lap . truman we ought to be get you back , mother . mother hold on a minute , dear . ( point out a photo in the album ) here 's we at mount rushmore . you remember , Truman - - when dad be still with we -- that be quite a drive . you sleep all the way there . truman ( take a interest in th monument ) : it look so small . mother ( quickly turn the page ) thing always do -- when you look back . mother skip several page in the album , finally stop at a spread of wedding photo . meryl look , Truman , there 's my cousin errol put the bouquet down he pants - it be the happiest day of we life . mother ( refer to meryl ) do not she look beautiful , Truman ? she still do . mother turn to a blank page in the album . mother and there 's plenty of room for baby photo . I have like to hold a grandchild in my arm -- ( dabbing she eye with a handkerchief ) ~- before I go . meryl rise from the sofa and help mother to she walker . ( continued ) 76 77 '' the truman show " a9 continued : 76 meryl t'11 take you home , Angela . ( refer to the album ) why do not you leave that with we for a while ? truman ( kissing he emotional mother ) good night , mother . meryl ( a wink to Truman ) see you in a minute , sweetheart . meryl depart with mother . Left alone in the live room , Truman slump back down onto the sofa and switch on the television set - a old - fashioned model with rabbit-ear . he idly study the photograph album as a over - earnest television host announce the upcoming program . tv host -- tonight 's golden - cldie be the endure , much - love classic , '' show I the Way to go Home " . a hymn of praise to small - town life where we learn that you do not have to leave home to discover what the world be all about and that no one be poor who have friend ... however , when we turn we attention away from the television , we find that Truman be peer intently at a wedding photograph of meryl and himself take they vow in a civil ceremony in a beachside gazebo . under the scrutiny of a magnify glass , he discover that meryl have she finger cross . int . a live room somewhere . night . 77 the two old lady sit on they sofa , a rug across they knee , sip a night cap of hot chocolate . they stare into camera . old lady 1 remember at the wedding - that dog ? old lady 2 start howling when they take they vow . ( continued ) 77 78 " the truman show " 50 continued : 77 old lady 1 and the plastic horseshoe fall off when they cut the cake . old lady 2 ( shaking she head ruefully ) they never have a chance . int . kitchen . morning . 78 truman , dress casually in weekend attire , be at the stove prepare a omelette . meryl hurry into the kitchen in she . murse 's uniform . she gulp down a cup of coffee and reach for she nurse 's cap . however , she still have time to adjust the position of a pack of " fibrecon cereal " - squaring it a little more to camera . truman I have to talk with you . ( look about , suspicious ) but not here . let 's go for a walk . meryl ( kissing he on the cheek ) I be sorry , I be late . truman what 's the hurry ? meryl surgery . the elevator disaster downtown on the news last night . cable snap , a car drop ten floor . non-union contractor . monster . we nre start with a amputation . Truman 's eye widen . meryl adjust she hat in the mirror . meryl that building 's near yours . imagine if you would be in there for some reason . it do not bear think about . Truman , lose in think , pick up the scalding fry pan with he bare hand . letting out a howl of pain , he drop the pan . truman arrah ! ( continued ) a " the truman show " 53 78 continued : 78 meryl oh , my God ! truman what do I do ? meryl I do not know -- truman -- you be a nurse , be not you ? meryl put some butter on it -- or ice ? she look up at the kitchen clock . meryl ( hurry out the door ) oh , look at the time . Truman stare after she , the pain of he hand forget for the moment . he watch meryl ride she bicycle down the driveway . Truman exit the house . 79 ext . seahaven street / hospital / parking lot . day . 79 Riding a bicycle of he own , truman follow meryl to work , stay a safe distance back . he watch she enter the hospital . 80 int . hospital . day . 80 truman make he way along various corridor . all seem as it should - doctor confer with nursing staff and patient , gurney be wheeled about with they passengers look suitably traumatize . Truman approach a nursing sister . truman I be look for my wife -- nurse burbank . it 's important . nurse ocheck she clipboard ) I be afraid that 's impossible -- she 's in pre-op . truman sure . okay . Fine . can you pass on a ~ message ? ( continued ) 80 81 82 '' the truman show " 53 continued : 80 nurse I will try . truman tell she , tell she ... I have to go to fiji . i’1l call she when I get there . nurse . when you get to fiji ? truman you get it . nurse Fine . I ' 11 tell she . the nurse walk off , disappear through a set of door . Truman hesitates before follow she . int . various hospital corridor . day . 81 the nurse walk briskly - fewer people about , truman discreetly follow behind . the nurse break into a jog . Truman hurry to keep up with she - dodging around gurney , janitor mop floor . int . outside operating theatre . day . 82 the nurse , hastily scrubbed and gown , enter the theatre . truman hesitates but dare not enter . he grab a mask of he own . look through the glass window in the operate theatre door , he see the young woman ( see in the hastily fix elevator car the day before ) lie on the operate table , a blood -soak bandage cover she leave leg . meryl , wear a surgical gown and mask , assist the surgeon . the sister hover nervously in the background . surgeon scalpel . meryl very slowly select a scalpel from a tray of instrument and awkwardly hand it to the surgeon . surgeon I '' now make my primary incision just above the leave knee . the patient 's eye blink open in horror . the anesthetist step in Truman 's view before he can get a good look . suddenly , a security guard appear beside Truman and take he by the arm . {continued ) 82 83 . " the truman show " 53 continued : 82 security guard ( refer to the operation ) this be not gonna be pretty . unless you be family of the patient , I ’1ll have to ask you to leave . truman no problem . JI do not want to cause any trouble . int . TRAVEL agency . day . 83 truman take a seat at the only desk in a empty travel agency . the travel brochure and poster that adorn the wall all feature destination that bear a strike similarity to picturesque seahaven . another poster spell out the danger of travel - " travellers beware - terrorist , Disease , Wild animal , Street gang " . a female TRAVEL agent enter from a rear door . agent I be sorry to keep you . how can I help ? truman I want to book a flight to fiji . agent where exactly ? truman ( believe she be be deliberately obtuse ) fiji . agent ( a trace of condescension ) where in fiji ? what island ? truman I be , sorry , er , ... the biggest one . agent ( enter the destination in she computer ) viti levu . for how many ? truman ( find the question suspicious ) one . ( continued ) 83 continued : " the truman show " 54 83 agent when do you want to leave , remember , of course , you do lose a day on the way there ? truman today . agent ( read off she computer screen ) I be sorry . I do not have anything for at least a month . truman ( suspicious ) a month . agent ( patiently explain ) it 's the busy season . truman {paranoia show ) you be a travel agent , be not you ? ( read she nametag ) " doris " ? you job be to help people travel . agent ( show amazing restraint ) I do have a fabulous rate on a cruise ship depart for fiji tomorrow . but you would not want to do that . truman why would not I ? agent I think you be in a hurry . truman ( calming down ) that 's right . agent you want to book the flight ? truman it do not matter . i'11 make other arrangement . 84 85 86 " the truman show " ss ext . CITY STREET . day . 84 emerging onto the street , truman look across to the building which he enter the previous day . it be now cordon off with police tape after the elevator disaster . Flowers have be laid at the doorway . ext . greyhound bus station . day . 85 a Greyhound Bus , bound for '' chicago '' accord to its destination sign , sit idling at the stop . just as a burly supervisor be about to wave the bus on its way , truman dash into the station . bus driver last call for Chicago . Truman jump onto the bus behind the last board passenger - a young soldier . truman ( to the Bus Driver , as he board the bus ) windy City , here we come . int . greyhound bus . day . 86 truman take a seat by a window . a awkward silence descend over the bus . the other passenger - a mother with a restless child , several tourist , a old couple and the young soldier - all stare stiffly straight ahead , averting they eye from Truman . no one be more uncomfortable than the bus driver . bead of perspiration on he head , he fumble for the gear shift , apparently unsure how to operate it . the gear grind . the other passengers try not to notice . the child , tug she mother 's sleeve , point to Truman . her mother make she face the front of the bus . finally the supervisor enter the ' bus . supervisor everybody off . we have get a problem . the relieved passenger hurriedly exit until Truman be the only one remain on the bus . the Bus Driver look almost sorry for Truman who sit resolutely in he seat - the hint of a tear of frustration in he eye . ( continued ) as werise uw ws jw . ! 86 87 88 89 . '' the truman show " 56 continued : 86 bus driver ( softly ) I be sorry , son . int . a bar somewhere . day . 87 the bar see earlier . a small group of patron discuss development . the waitress seem upset , occasionally glance to camera as she pour a beer . patron 1 why would he want to go to Chicago ? who do he know from there ? patron 2 his doctor come from Chicago , do not he ? patron 1 be not he father from Chicago ? waitress ( upset ) he 's not go to Chicago . he 's not go anywhere . he have to have it out with meryl . ext . STREET - truman 's bicycle . day . 88 as truman ride home on he bicycle , he stare wildly about he - the rearview mirror on he bicycle be suddenly cause for concern , so be the tree and streetlamp lining the roadway . ext . truman' backyard . day . 89 truman , stare at the highway from the bottom of the garden , do not bother to look up as meryl , still wear she nurse 's uniform , approach . truman ( refer to a distant car on the expressway ) see that car way down there ? I bet it 's a suburu station wagon . meryl look idly over the fence at the approach car . finally , a suburu station wagon motor by . meryl be unimpress . Truman turn he back on the highway to continue he game . ( continued ) 89 '' the truman show " 57 continued : 89 truman I predict the next four car will be a white Honda Civic , a blue and white dodge dart with the front hubcap miss , a volkswagon beetle with a dent fender and a motorcycle . meryl do not wish to participate in the game and make for the house . Truman hold she arm , force she to watch . he turn to check he prediction . a convoy of car approach . truman there 's the Honda ... the dodge ... here come the dent beetle ... meryl 's attention waver . Truman tighten he grip . truman look ! follow the vw be a school bus . meryl ( mock ) where 's the motorcycle ? Truman be momentarily disappointed . truman do not you want to know how I do that ? a motorcycle putter by . meryl turn and walk back to the house . he hurry after she . meryl I invite marlon and rita for a barbeque Sunday . I think I have make my potato salad . remind I -- truman I will not be here Sunday . meryl ~-- we need more charcoal . truman . be you listen to a word I be say ? meryl you be upset because you want to go to fiji . be that it ? { continued ) 89 90 " the truman show " 58 continued : ( 2 ) 89 Truman be puzzle by she conciliatory tone . meryl okay , do it . get it out of you system . save for a few month and go . there . happy now ? I be go to take a shower . she turn away . truman ( catch she wrist ) let 's go now . meryl what ?! despite she protest , Truman drag meryl towards he car . ' truman ( as he shove she into the car ) I be ready to go now . why wait ? int . truman 's car . day . 90 truman hold meryl 's wrist to stop she exite the car and accelerate out of the driveway in reverse without look - almost run over pluto the dog and spencer with he garbage can . Truman start circle a gazebo at the center of a roundabout , faster and faster . truman where shall we go ? where shall we go ? spontaneity be what it 's all about . forget fiji . we can not very well drive to fiji , can we ? what about Atlantic City ? meryl ( try to mask she anxiety ) you hate gambling . truman that 's right . I do , do not I ? meryl so why do you want to go ? truman because I never have . that 's why you go place , be not it ? ( continued } 90 °the truman show " 59 continued : 90 meryl Truman , I think I be go to throw up . Truman roar off down the street . truman I too . almost immediately , Truman encounter a traffic snarl . truman {a manic edge to he voice ) so much traffic , this time of day . do that strike you as peculiar ? without warning , Truman suddenly dive down a sidestreet . but he move be anticipate . at the end of the street , a pack of car suddenly appear . other vehicle fill the gap behind . truman ( to meryl , marvel ) blocked at every turn . beautifully 's synchronize , do not you agree ? meryl ( incredulous ) you blame I for the traffic ? truman should I ? Truman reverse suddenly and make a u-turn . truman you be right . we could be stick here for hour . could be like this all the way to Atlantic City . let 's go back . I be sorry . I do not know what get into I . Truman start head back the way they come , the roadway now relatively free of traffic . meryl would you please slow down , Truman ? Truman floor the car . the car fly past they house . meryl Truman , that be we house ! ( continued ) the truman show " 60 90 continued : ( 2 ) 90 truman I have change my mind again . what 's New Orleans like this time of year ? mardi gras . or let 's just see where the road take we . meryl ( plead ) let I out , Truman . you be not right in the head . you want to destroy yourself , you do it on you own ! truman ( eerily calm ) I think I would like a little company . as he speed erratically , Truman glance at the street on either side of the main road where he discover a distinct lack of move traffic . truman ( to the anxious meryl at. he side ) look , meryl . no car ! I do not run into traffic . the traffic follow I around . ( excited by he discovery ) we nre in a move pack , do not you see ? 91 int / ext . truman be car - bridge . day . 91 but truman 's clear path be short - live . he be force to slow once again behind a line of other car at a bridge . truman ( to meryl ) it 's hard to go place , be not it ? meryl nlook up ahead at a overturn car ) there 's be a accident , Truman . truman uhuh . there 's no accident . it 's just more stalling . Truman floor the car again and swerve into the oncoming lane . he roar along the bridge on the wrong side of the road . near the end of the bridge , a distraught motorist dash into the middle of the road , wave he arm . Truman slam on the brake . ( continued ) '' wemeew ° * , '' 91 92 '' the truman show " 61 continued : 91 motorist ( point to a small boy lie very still on the ground beside a wreck car} -- be there a doctor , a nurse ? meryl Truman , it 's a child . I have get to help - truman ( hardly glance to the boy ) he will be fine . _ Truman roar on , almost bowl over the concerned motorist . meryl Truman , I take the " hypocrite " oath ! truman I bet you do . Truman roar past a sign that read , '' you be now leaving seahaven - be you sure that 's a good idea ? " back at the accident scene , the little boy , apparently uninjured , sit up . int / ext . car . day . 92 they roar pass a illuminate sign - " forest FIRE warning - extreme danger " . meryl Truman , what about that sign ? truman I be sure they be just exaggerate . suddenly , a 20 foot high wall of flame shoot across the roadway in front of they - as if someone flicked on a gas switch . meryl what about that - do you believe that ?! truman experience he first moment of doubt . he look to the terrify meryl , then close he eye tightly and accelerate through the fire wall . he be startle to find that they have emerge on the other side , singe but unscathed . . ( continued ) 92 93 " the truman show " 62 continued : 92 however , the open road in front of they now disturb Truman for a different reason - its sheer lack of anything unusual . Signs along the road advertise motel and give direction to other destination - " I - 6211 - 2 mile '' , " notel Motel - Pool , Color tv " . meryl also now appear to be resign to the journey . meryl so what do we do for money when we get to New Orleans ? truman ( not so confident now ) I have get my seahaven bankcard . meryl so we just eat into we savings , be that the idea ? I would better call you mother when we get there . she will be worried sick - I do not know how she 's go to take this . Truman appear very unsure of himself . ext . roadway . day . 93 however , there be still a barrier between truman and bourbon Street . the highway , lead to a cloverleaf freeway junction in the distance , be completely block off by seahaven police car . no way past . nuclear silo in the distance spew out a ominous puff of smoke . a sign read , " seahaven island nuclear power station ~ clean , safe , economical - more power to you ! " Truman be force to slow at the police barricade . truman now what ? officer ( grim -face , indicate the nearby power plant ) leak at the plant . they have to shut she down . truman be there any way around ? officer ~ the whole area 's be evacuate . ( continued ) 93 94 95 '' the truman show " 63 continued : 93 truman well , thank you for you help . officer you be welcome , Truman . Truman 's eye widen at the mention of he name from a apparent stranger . as the officer turn , Truman bolt from the car , leave meryl in the passenger seat . meryl Truman !! come back !! Truman flee into the forest . int . a live room somewhere . day . 94 the two old lady we have observe before be almost overcome with tension . one lady reach out for she companion 's hand . ext . forest near seahaven nuclear power plant . day . 95 truman burst past the alien- look hazardous waste worker in they protective suit carry detection instrument . the worker give chase in they cumbersome suit , try to cut off he path . near the edge of the forest , Truman hear the sound of hammer and saw . but before he have time to see the source of the sound , he be tackle to the ground . as seahaven police officer drag he away , one of the waste worker walk the remain few yard , push aside a wall of tropical foliage . we now see what Truman be prevent from see . a polynesian island be under construction by dozen of riggers , painter and set decorator . large crane be lift palm tree into place , a fake volcano be be test in the distance and rehearsals for a firewalking ceremony be underway complete with hot coal , drummer and firewalkers in native dress . the wing and fuselage of a airliner be be construct on a hydraulic gimbal . lead into one side of the airliner be a cover walkway , emblazon with a sign , " seahaven Island - departure " . emerging from the opposite side of the airliner be a old - fashioned airline stairway with the sign , '' welcome to fiji " . at the foot of the step , two women in fijian dress be be show the correct way to present a floral lei . ( continued ) 95 96 continued : '' the truman show " 64 95 fijian woman do he see we ? waste worker ( into microphone ) negative . truman 's house - kitchen . night . 96 meryl show two seahaven policemen out the back door . meryl thank you . policeman 1 you be lucky he 's not glow , ma‘am . next time we will have to file charge . meryl join truman at the kitchen table . Truman applaud ironically . meryl let I get you some help , Truman . you be not well . truman ( ignore she medical advice ) why do you want to have a child with I ? you can not stand I . meryl that ' 's not true . meryl pick up a package and hold it to camera . meryl why do not I make you some of this new mococoa drink ? all natural . cocoa bean from the upper slope of mount Nicaragua . no artificial sweetener -- truman ( incredulous ) -- what the hell be you talk about ?! meryl I have taste other cocoas . this be the best . Truman rise from the table and back she around the room . ( continued ) 96 " the truman show " 65 continued : 96 truman what the hell have that get to do with anything ? tell I what 's happen ?! meryl ( frighten but remain poise ) you be have a nervous breakdown , that 's what 's happen . truman nback she up against the kitchen bench ) you be part of this , be not you ?! meryl grab the " chef 's - mate " from the counter to protect herself . she point the potato peeler at he . meryl Truman , you be scare I ! Truman look into she eye and , with surprising swiftness , grab she wrist and disarm she . truman no , you be scare I , meryl ! Truman grab meryl and turn the chef 's mate on she . he stare wildly about he . truman stop this now . I x11 do it . I swear . meryl do something ... upon hearing she remark , Truman 's eye widen . sense that she too be address a third person , he jerk she head around to read she face . truman {wild - eye ) who be you talk to ?! meryl ( incredulous ) you be the one talk to the wall ! truman no . you say , '' do something . '' who be you talk to ? tell I ! ( continued ) 96 97 " the truman show " 66 continued : ( 2 ) 96 meryl Truman , stop it ! suddenly , the front door chime . truman right on time . cop must be telepathic . Truman grab he peeler and march meryl down the hallway to the front door . the doorbell chime a second and third time , more insistently . truman " ( shouting through the close door ) stay where you be ! marlon ( 0.c. ) Truman ? it 's I , marlon . TI need to talk to you . Truman flinch . he be so convinced it would be the police . he take a step back against the hallway wall . before he can decide what to do , marlon have open the unlock front door to be confront with the sight of Truman hold the peeler to meryl 's throat . marion lock eye with Truman . sizing up the situation , he slowly but decisively remove the peeler from Truman 's hand . meryl wrench herself free from Truman 's now limp grasp and collapse into marlon 's arm , sobbing . meryl ( distraught ) how can anyone expect I to carry on under this condition ? this be ... unprofessional . ext . unfinished bridge . night . 97 marlon and truman , both nursing bottle of beer , sit on the end of the unfinish bridge . truman I do not know what to think , marlon . maybe I be go out of my mind , but I get the feel that the world revolve around I somehow . marlon it 's a lot of world for one man . you sure that 's not wishful think , you wishing you would make something more of yourself ? ( more ) ( continued ) " the truman show " 67 97 continued : 97 marlon ( cont would ) Christ , Truman , who have not sit on the John and have a imaginary interview on " seahaven tonight " ? who have not want to be somebody ? truman this be different . everybody seem to be in on it . marlon look around as if draw inspiration from somewhere in the night . marlon tru , we have know each other since before we be in long pants . the only way we ever make it through high school be cheating off each other 's test papers . Jesus , they be identical . I always like that , because whatever the answer be -- Truman chime in , nodd fondly at the-memory . truman & marlon -- we be right together and we be wrong together . marlon the only night either of we ever spend in jail , we spend together and I wet myself but you never tell anyone . I be best man at you wedding and my brother be best man at my wedding and you do not talk to I for a month over that and I do not blame you because you have be more of a brother to I than he 's ever be . Truman be slowly come around - marlon 's speech from the heart soothing away he pain . marlon I know thing have not work out for either of we like we use to sit up on Monroe Avenue all night and dream they would . we all let opportunity pass we by . none of we ask for the dance as often as we should . I know that feel when it 's like everything 's slip away and you do not want to believe it so you look for answer someplace else . but , well , the point be , I would gladly step in front of traffic for you . 98 99 " the truman show " 68 int . control room . night . 98 christof stare intently into camera , hold he distinctive earpiece to he head . beside he , he ever- present assistant , chloe . christof ( hushed tone ) and the last thing I would ever do be lie to you . ext . freeway . night . 99 marlon ( stare into Truman 's eye ) and the last thing I have ever do be lie to you . ( pause ) think about it , Truman , if everybody 's in on it , I have have to be in on it too . I be not in on it , because there be no it . truman so what be you say , marlon , the whole thing have be in my head --? marlon ( meeting he gaze ) not the whole thing , Truman . you be right about one thing . truman - what 's that ? marlon the thing that start all of this . truman look up in the direction of marlon 's gaze . a figure stand at the end of the freeway - a homeless man . it be he father , kirk . marlon yes , he survive somehow . he 's get quite a story to tell . marlon help Truman to he foot - Truman still transfix by the figure . marlon go to he . ° the truman show " 69 100 % int . control room . night . 100 christof continue to direct the action from what be now reveal to be the control room of a television studio . christof go wide , lightcam eight ... in a wide shot , from one of the streetlight lining the empty freeway , we see truman walk towards he long lose father . christof ... curbcam twelve ... and ... cue music ... Beethoven , third symphony , second Movement . Music swell . kirk and Truman embrace in the middle of the freeway . Truman take he father 's ring from he own finger . christof ... ringcam ... we see a close up of kirk from the ring 's Pov . Truman place the ring in the palm of he father 's hand . christof «..buttoncam Three ... we see a close up of Truman from a camera on kirk 's coat . truman I never stop believe . kirk ( gaze at the ring , then up to Truman 's face ) thank you ... my son . christof and wide ... simeon look to he director . simeon Close up ? christof ( stare intently at he monitor} ~ no , hold back ... ( continued ) 100 101 102 103 104 . '' the truman show " 70 continued : 100 the crew watch kirk and Truman embrace . kirk all that year , waste . truman we have a lot of year ahead . int . control room . night . 101 christof allow himself a smile of satisfaction . christof and fade up music ... now go in close ... as a tight two - shot of father and son fill the screen , the orchestra swell with triumphant music . ext . freeway . night . 102 father and son remain in the embrace . over Truman 's shoulder , we see a flash of guilt flicker across marlon 's face . int . control room . night . 103 christof , emotionally drain by the event , slump in he chair . chloe rest a supportive hand on he shoulder . the head of the network , mose , a man in he seventies , enter with he young assistant , roman - they face full of admiration . mose well do . well do , everyone . int . a bedroom somewhere . night . 104 a young woman recline on a bed , she back against the wali . propped up on she knee be a book . however , she 's not read but stare straight into camera - a look of profound sadness on she face , it be sylvia . from she point- of -view , we see a portable television set on a table at the foot of the bed . on the television be a live picture of truman - the first time we have see he on a television screen . he be sit at he kitchen table , unaware of the camera recording he . the shot be static . he just sit there in silence , a steaming cup of cocoa in front of he and a plate of untouched cookie . ( continued ) 104 " the truman show " 71 continued : 104 at one point , a sponsor 's border appear on the screen , tastefully frame the '' action '' , with the message , '' mococoa - cocoa bean from the upper slope of mount Nicaragua '' . after several second the border disappear . suddenly , the live picture of Truman shrink into a window on the screen to accommodate a title sequence that begin to play around the edge of the image . " the Truman show " theme music begin . the camera crane up and over the Hollywood sign , the flatland of burbank stretch into the distance . announcer ( vo ) from the network that never sleep - broadcasting live and unedite 24 hour a day , 7 day a week , around the globe ... during this continuous aerial shot , overlap scene from Truman 's life appear in chronological order , from infancy to adolescence and finally adulthood . photograph of lead cast member also appear in individual frame . announcer ( vo ) ... with Hannah gill as meryl burbank , Louis coltrane as marlon , alanis montclair as mother , re-introducing walter Moore as she husband , kirk ... the music swell as the camera approach a mammoth structure at the base of the mountain - a dome so vast it dwarf everything around it . at the top of the dome be a huge painting of Truman 's face encircle by satellite dish - inside each dish be a single letter spelling out , t-h-e t-r-u-m-a-n s-h-o-w - a banner proclaim , " 30th great Year " . announcer ( vo ) ... and Truman burbank as himself , tape in the world 's large studio , one of only two man-made structure visible from space , come the longest run documentary soap opera in history , now in its 30th great year - " the Truman show " ! the camera rush towards the outside wall of the gigantic dome bath in sunlight . when we emerge on the other side , it be night . the camera crane up from a calm , moonlit ocean to the nightsky above . as we near the crescent - shape moon , we discover that it be actually a window overlook seahaven . stand in the " crater " window be the suite christof . " the truman show " 72 105 int . lunar studio . night . 105 pull back from the window we reveal a interviewer , mid - forty , conservative suit and hair . a large television show a live picture of Truman , immerse in he book . interviewer I be you host , Mike michaelson , come to you live from the lunar room on the 121st story of the omnicam ecosphere , 2800 foot above seahaven Island . tonight , a special edition of '' tru talk '' , the forum where we discuss and analyze recent event on the show . we be honore to bring you a rare and exclusive interview with the show 's conceiver , creator , tele - visionary , the man-in - the -moon himself -- christof . ( refer to the image of Truman between they ) I remind viewer that as " the Truman show " be a live history , it be we practice to keep the image of Truman on screen at all time . a title appear : due to the live and unedite nature of the program , viewer discretion be advise . the interviewer turn to christof . interviewer welcome . christof thank you . interviewer the catalyst for the recent dramatic event be of course Truman 's father , kirk , and he infiltration onto the show . before we discuss that , it 's worth remind viewer that this be not the first time someone from the outside world have try to reach Truman . christof we have have we close call in the past . behind the two man , the constantly play image of Truman engross in he book be relegate to a window on the screen . 106 107 108 '' tre truman show " 73 playback ~ int . truman' home . christmas morning . 106 truman , 7 , be open present under the tree - kirk and mother proudly look on . interviewer who can forget the infamous '' Christmas present '' incident in the seventh season ? suddenly , a small man burst from a large , Christmas parcel . kirk and the man grapple on the floor in front of the stunne seven - year-old . kirk drag he away . playback - ext . CITY STREET . day . 107 as the adult truman make he way to work , a parachutist drop from the sky into the main street , only yard behind he . interviewer and only last summer '' billie blackbird '' make he third attempt , leaping from a lighting gantry . the parachutist be dress entirely in black with a message emblazon on he chest , " truman , you're on tv . " commuter grab the man and drag he away - Truman blissfully unaware of the incident . christof ( dismissive ) this people have they own agendas . many just want to be on television themselves . playback - ext . CITY STREET . day . 108 the encounter between truman and the homeless kirk be replay up to the point where kirk be bundle onto the bus . interviewer of course , there have never be anything to compare with this - the first time a intruder have be a former cast member -- christof --a dead one at that . interviewer -- and certainly the first time that a intruder have be reward with a star role . ( more ) ( continued ) so 108 continued : '' the truman show " 108 interviewer ( cont would ) ( gush ) I really must congratulate you on write kirk back in . a master stroke . christof ofeign modesty ) since kirk start this whole crisis in Truman 's life , I come to the conclusion that he be the only one who could end it . interviewer I understand he 's hardly have a life of he own since he leave the show . how do you convince he -- be it the opportunity to be close to Truman again ? christof that and a fat , new contract . interviewer how do you intend to explain he twenty - two year absence ? christof amnesia . interviewer ( impressed , nodd in agreement ) of course . the interviewer consult he note . interviewer let 's talk rating . '' Truman '' have always enjoy top ten status but the huge surge over the last few day -- how do you hope to sustain that audience now that Truman appear to have reconcile himself ? christof as you know rating have never be we primary goal . I imagine we will lose that voyeur only interested in witness Truman 's latest torment . however , I be certain that we core audience will remain loyal . interviewer but recent event have be so dramatic , it do raise the perennial question . what keep we watch this one man twenty - four hour a day - eat , ( more ) ( continued ) 108 '' the truman show " 75 continued : ( 2 ) 108 interviewer ( cont would ) sleep , work , sit for hour in contemplation ? christof it have to be the reality . during this segment , we cut to a cross-section of viewer - the waitress and barman in the bar , the two old women on they sofa , the two security guard and the man in the bath - listen to christof 's theory on they view habit . christof we have become tired of watch actor give we phony emotion , bored with pyrotechnics and special effect . while the world he inhabit be counterfeit , there 's nothing fake about Truman himself . no script , no cue card . it 's not always Shakespeare but it 's genuine . that 's how he can support a entire channel . interviewer a window onto the human condition ? christof I prefer to think of it as a mirror . at that moment , Truman - still live on the screen - unwittingly punctuate the pretentious remark with a belch . christof and the interviewer try not to notice . christof not only do he give we a glimpse of the truth , he give we a glimpse of ourselves . interviewer but how do you account for the popularity of that eight hour a day when Truman sleep ? christof we find many viewer leave he on all night for comfort . have not you ever watch you child or you lover sleep ? interviewer let 's go to some of that viewer 's call . the interviewer press a blink , illuminate button on he desk 's high - tech phone terminal . during this segment , various window open on the screen advertising product from the " Truman " catalogue . ( continued ) 108 continued : " the truman show " 76 {3 ) 108 interviewer Charlotte , North Carolina , for christof . male caller 1 ( o.s. ) ( filter , from speaker phone ) hello ? interviewer you be on , caller . go ahead . male caller 1 christof , it 's a great honor to speak with you . christof thank you . male caller 1 how much of a strain have the last few day place on the actor ? christof work on '' Truman '' have always be a huge commitment for a actor , not just in term of separation from friend and family , but since Truman essentially drive the plot , it be a never-end improvisation - witness marlon ' 's extraordinary performance in the recent " Father and Son reunion " episode . interviewer ocutting off the call ) be we talk emmy ? christof certainly a nomination . interviewer of course , Truman have always be very much in on casting . christof as with we own life , the only people he can not cast be he family . otherwise he have final approval , able to elevate a extra into a lead role as be the case with he only real friend , marlon , or alternatively relegate a star to a bit player . ~ ( continued ) '' the truman show " 77 108 continued : ( 4 ) 108 interviewer ( press another line ) Istanbul , Turkey , you ’‘re on with master videographer , christof . female caller 1 ( o.c. ) christof , I have admire you work my whole life , although I can not say I have see it all . christof who can ? female caller 1 can you settle a argument for I ? what 's the longest time Truman have be off-camera ? christof ( trace of pride ) in he entire life , forty - two minute . a technical fault in the twelfth season account for most of that time . the remainder generally result from blindspot , in the early day , when Truman would stray out of range of we camera . interviewer we should remind viewer that Truman , especially as a child , present a challenge for the production . christof oturn to the screen ) let I demonstrate with some example . footage of truman as a baby appear on the screen - as a newborn infant , hold in a pair of anonymous latex - glove hand , and as a toddler , dress in various baby outfit - on one occasion look through the bar of he crib . christof he be curious from birth - premature by two week , as if he could not wait to get start . interviewer of course , he eagerness to leave he mother 's womb also mean he be the one select . ( continued ) 108 continued : '' the truman show " 78 ( 5 ) 108 christof ( enthuse ) in competition with five other unwanted pregnancy - the casting of a show determine by a air date - he be the one who arrive on cue . interviewer who know that a show originally mean to last one year - " bring up baby " - would turn into a " cradle to grave " concept . he be in fact the first child in the world to be legally adopt by a corporation . christof that 's correct . interviewer and the show now generate a yearly income equivalent to the gross national product of a small country . christof people forget it take the population of a entire country to keep the show run . interviewer I believe you own sharehold in omnicam be in the order of -- christof -- why be a artist plague with this question ? I have never do this for any monetary gain . interviewer no , of course not . ( quickly change the subject ) and since the show run 24 hour a day with no commercial break the staggering profit be all generate from product placement . christof yes , everything you see on the show be for sale - from the actor ' wardrobe , food product , to the very home they live in -- ( continued ) " dhe truman show " 79 108 continued : ( 6 ) 108 interviewer all product carefully choose and test by you for quality and aesthetic value . christof there 's nothing on the show I do not use myself . interviewer and it 's all available in the " Truman show " catalogue . Operators be stand by . christof nod . interviewer why do you feel that Truman 's never come close to discover the true nature of he world ? christof we accept the reality of the world with which we be present . as the show expand , naturally we be force to manufacture way to keep Truman in seahaven - demonstrate that every venture be accompany by a risk . the seven-year-old truman we have see in other flashback appear on the screen . wearing a cowboy outfit , he go to cross the walkway of a bridge when he be suddenly confront by a savage dog wear a spike collar . christof later , kirk 's drown make much of this kind of intervention unnecessary . we freeze on seven - year old Truman 's terrify face . interviewer you have never actually meet Truman , yourself . never think about do a cameo -- play a veterinarian , or a priest , something like that ? christof I have be tempt . but I think it 's important to retain objectivity . I would not want to get emotionally catch up . ( continued ) 108 continued : " the truman show " i ) ( 7 ) 108 interviewer the hague for christof ... the hague ?... lose they . ( press another line ) Hollywood , California , you be on '' tru talk '' . female caller 2 ( 0.s. ) how can you say he life a life like any other ? christof ( sense the thinly disguise resentment in the caller 's voice ) as the bard say , " all the world 's a stage , and all the man and woman merely player . " the only difference between Truman and ourselves be that he life be more thoroughly document . he be confront with the same obstacle and influence that confront we all . he play he allot role as we all do -- female caller 2 -- he 's not a performer . he 's a prisoner . the interviewer go to cut off the call , but christof stop he . christof ( rise to the challenge ) and can you tell I , caller , that you be not a player on the stage of life - play out you allot role ? he can leave at any time . if he be more than just a vague ambition , if he be absolutely determine to discover the truth , there 's no way we could prevent he . I think what really distress you , caller , be that ultimately Truman prefer the comfort of he " cell " as you call it . female caller 2 ( as if try to convince herself , give herself away ) -- no , you be wrong ! he will prove you wrong ! he can still do it ! the interviewer hang up on the caller . 109 109a " the truman show " 81 int . a bedroom somewhere . night . 109 in a darkly light room , we see sylvia . it be she who be the confrontational caller - phone still in she hand . christof ( from the television ) we have learn about life as Truman have and , despite the complaint of a minority , it 's be a overwhelmingly positive experience , for Truman and for the view public . interviewer let 's take another call . ( press a line ) London , England you be on '' tru talk " . male caller 2 ( o.s. ) christof ? congratulation on the way you have always handle Truman 's " sex " - life - the classical music , soft lighting and so on . but have the recent violence cause a problem for the show 's sponsor ? christof the sponsor know the risk go in , although we do try to maintain standard - a level of decorum . for instance , I nve never put a camera in the toilet . still in silhouette , sylvia turn down the volume on the television . focus on the window on the screen that display truman , she come close to the screen , catch he melancholy , sadden by he regression . int . truman' basement . morning . 109 a truman breathes in the scent of sylvia 's sweater one last time before reluctantly replace it in the trunk , together with he book , " to the end of the Earth - the Age of Exploration " . for a final time , he regards he unfinish picture of sylvia inside - two hole where the eye should be . as he do so , he find two lose paper cutting - a pair of eye on the basement floor . he try they . ironically they fit - the picture complete . he close the trunk anyway . with a sense of finality , he fasten the lock . 110 111 111a " the truman show " 82 int . control room . night . 110 the giant on - AIR monitor in the control room play a closeup shot of Truman sleep . christof come close to the monitor and almost touch the screen . as he do so , Truman twitches in he sleep . int . bathroom . morning . i111 truman wipe the mist from the mirror of the bathroom cabinet and stare into it in a way he have never do before . int . control room . morning . 111a Close up on the giant on - AIR monitor in the control room . it display a wide shot of Truman stare into the bathroom mirror . we slowly pull back to reveal simeon and the other video operator sit at the mixing desk arrange in tier reminiscent of a auditorium or NASA 's Mission Control . each mixing desk contain a dozen-or- so build - in monitor and be designate with a location such as '' Truman 's House - Interior " , " Truman 's Office - cubicle " , " tyrone 's deli " . the operator at each desk , sit in a swivel chair and wear the slimmest of heatset , be responsible for monitoring a particular location . the monitor cover virtually every facet of Truman 's life . camera angle from the interior of Truman 's house , he backyard , car , office , the deli he frequent , the seashore to which he be draw , the unfinish bridge where he golf with marlon - many of the location strangely devoid of people . simeon , seat in the front row of mixing desk , stare back at Truman 's image on the monitor , slightly unnerve . simeon ( to a nearby colleague ) be he look at we ? as if to reassure the technician , Truman begin one of he familiar monologue . he talk to the mirror as if be interview . truman -- what be my plan now ? well , next I be think of tackle the yuba River in a authentic canoe from the algonquin tribe . { more ) ( continued ) " the truman show " 83 111a continued : 111a 112 113 114 truman ( cont would ) -- I be talk about the north fork , a class five rapid - only I be not go down the yuba , I be go up . do you honestly think for one minute I would go back to some dreary office to rubber stamp meaningless document ... do you ? meryl ( 0.c . ) -- Truman , you be gonna be late ! Truman sigh as he exit the bathroom . ext . STREET . morning . 112 truman exchange a cheery greeting with spencer . spencer how be ya , Truman ? truman inhale ... exhale ... same old thing . he wave to the washington across the street . he pet pluto the dog . int . office . day . 113 back at work at the insurance company , truman sit in he cubicle make another of he cold call . truman --a forty - two year old woman sit in the second row at a amateur production of hamlet , hamlet 's dagger slip from he hand and fly into the audience ... a young woman , carry a stack of file , catch Truman 's eye as she pass . vivian . she be faintly reminiscent of sylvia at the same age - even wear a similar sweater . truman ( return to he call ) -- what I be say be , life be a fragile thing . ..hullo ? ext . truman' backyard . dusk . 114 truman wheel he lawnmower , deliberately averting he eye from the back of the house . stare out of the kitchen window , a tall glass of iced tea in she hand , meryl have be ( continued ) 114 115 : " the truman show " 84 continued : 114 anticipate she husband 's appearance . she wear a neckbrace , we sense more as a reminder to Truman than for any medical benefit she might derive . feeling meryl 's eye burn into he back , Truman fire up the mower and head directly towards the symbolically uncut section of grass . we focus on the errant blade of grass as they be severe by the mower - a new elk rotary . the lawn be now uniformly trim - Truman 's final act of defiance laid to rest . int . studio - conference room . night . 115 christof stand at a large , specially screen window , silhouett against the twinkle star and full moon of a hyper-real nightsky . member of the cast enter the room - principal character in Truman 's life - meryl , marlon , mother , kirk , tyrone , lawrence and the new actress , vivian . they take they place around a long , oval table for a story conference - vivian sit slightly apart from the rest of the cast . we glimpse over christof 's shoulder at what he see - the town of seahaven far below , bath in moonlight . he come out of he reverie and join he cast , sit at the head of the table . in front of he , a tv " tablet " play silently - show Truman drink a glass of milk in he kitchen . christof ( to the assemble cast ) first of all , I would like to welcome walter back onto the show . ( nod in kirk 's direction ) you may have do we more of a favor than you ever imagine . ( turn to meryl , use she real name ) regrettably , I also have to inform you that Hannah have choose not to renew she contract . all eye turn to meryl . she look at the floor . christof I be sure we can all respect she reason . meryl receive a sympathetic squeeze of the hand from she co - star marlon , now out of wardrobe , wear a armani suit . ( continued ) os . " the truman show " 65 115 continued : 115 christof as you all know , we have already begin to orchestrate she break - up from Truman . ( more up - beat ) however , on a more optimistic note , I '' pleased to announce that television 's first on - air conception will still take place . you witness the initial contact this morning . ( glance to vivien , once again use she real name ) you all know Claudia from she work in theatre . mother I love you ophelia . claudia why thank you . the rest of the cast nod politely in Claudia 's direction . chloe pass out a bound document to each cast member . christof ( refer to the document ) this be a copy of Claudia 's back story . her character 's name be " vivien " . the cast idly flip through the document , prominently stamp on the cover , " not to be taken on set '' . christof we intend to entice Truman into the affair as soon as possible . Claudia will make a pass at the insurance seminar Truman 's attend . detail be in you schedule . ( pause for effect ) I do not have to tell you how critical the next few week will be . this take we into the next generation . when Truman ' 's child be bear , the network will be '' switch to a two - channel format to chronicle both life . claudia what happen when Truman and the baby be both on camera together ? christof there will simply be duplicate coverage . ( continued ) 115 116 117 118 '' tee truman show " 86 continued : ( 2 ) 115 claudia ( mischievous ) let 's just hope we do not have twin . marlon ( uncharacteristically flippant ) when Truman die do we go back to the single channel ? the cast turn in he direction . christof shoot he a disapprove look . int . truman 's basement . night . 116 truman sleep on a cot bed in he basement - more cluttere than usual . a virtual bombsite - dozen of cardboard box stack everywhere . although he be cover in bedding , he sock - clad foot stick out of the bed cover . the outline of he body be still clearly visible . he snore quietly . int . various viewer location . night . 117 the two old lady have nodd off on they sofa in front of the television , they breathe and occasional snore echo that of Truman . in the bar , the waitress - normally a avid viewer - only idly glance to the screen as she pass with a tray of drink . the man in the bath resignedly let the water out of the tub and go to get out . the mother only occasionally glance to the screen as she feed she baby . her daughter have she eye close , bop to she walkman . int . control room . night . 118 simeon sit at he control desk , direct the " night -shift " . he pay scant attention to the big screen , give he instruction in a lethargic , metronomic manner . simeon ... ready two . go to two . a operator , eat a slice of pizza , press one of the illuminate button on the panel and the camera angle change to a close shot of Truman 's cover head . the camera stay on the blankete head for a long moment . ( continued ) 118 '' the truman show " 87 continued : 118 simeon and back to the medium ... another button be press and the angle change . a trace of frustration be evident in the control room . record a sleep subject be unreward enough without also have to contend with Truman 's recently acquire camera-shyness . simeon ... and wide ... operator ( aside to simeon ) what a loser . simeon who care ? make life easier for we . he be what he be . at the far end of the control room , one of the large double door open and christof enter , dress in a smoking jacket . simeon and the Operators subtly straighten in they chair . christof pretend not to notice . he be stare intently at the on - AIR monitor . christof why be he in the basement ? simeon he move down there after meryl pack up and leave . christof why be not I tell ? any unpredictable behavior have to be report . rreturn to the screen ) be that the best shot we can get ? simeon what 's to see ? christof what 's on the clockcam ? the operator punch up the camera hide inside a break cuckoo clock . a box obscure the view . operator there 's a obstruction . christof watch Truman , a trace of concern in he eye . chloe enter . {continued ) '' the truman show " 88 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 christof ( refer to the debris in Truman 's basement ) what happen down there ? simeon he be tidy up he garbage . ( sense christof 's concern ) I be go to call you . but half - way through , he give up and fall asleep . apparently satisfied , christof turn to a Operator . christof I want to check the set-up for tomorrow 's insurance convention . reading off the note in Chloe 's folder , the Operator punch up a batch of camera angle on smaller preview monitor . they show a generic-looking hotel , devoid of actor . a banner in reception read , '' welcome seahaven life and Accident '' . the Operator look to christof for approval and realize he producer 's attention have wander . christof have wander down to the front of the room to stand beside the giant on - AIR monitor still display the sleep figure of Truman . christof give I a shot from Truman 's ring . simeon he give it back to he father . christof nod . christof ( a trace of concern ) why be he so still ? christof pick up a spare headset from the panel and put it to he ear . christof isolate the audio . a operator push up a audio fader on the panel . christof and he colleague listen to Truman 's steady breathe in they headphone . simeon ( shrug ) he 's still breathe . ( continued ) 118 119 120 '' the truman show " 89 continued : ( 3 ) 118 simeon and the Operators nod , reassure that nothing be amiss . christof be not so easily convinced . christof give I a preview . a ecu on he torso . a camera hide in the room 's lamp zoom in to Truman 's prone outline . while the breathe remain steady , the body do not rise and fall . christof , still listen to he headphone , detect a faint scratch sound follow by a strange thud . christof {anxious , bark a command to Chloe ) phone he . Chloe pick up a phone connect to the desk and dial . christof nanticipate Chloe 's question ) tell he it 's a wrong number . the upstairs phone begin to ring . Truman do not flinch . int . a office build somewhere - reception . night . 119 the two security guard be intrigue by Truman 's unanswer phone on they television set . int . control room . night . 120 christof and simeon concentrate on another , separate monitor play in fast-rewind , time code in the bottom right -hand corner . it be a recording of the night 's transmission . simeon pause on the last on - camera appearance by Truman . they watch Truman , on -screen , switch off the basement light and climb into the cot bed fully clothed , immediately pull the cover over he head . as the light be switch off , the recording camera automatically switch to night vision . simeon continue to play at normal speed , now and then scrolling forward in fast - forward mode . christof suddenly point to the screen . christof there. freeze ... Zoom into the chair ... simeon type the appropriate command . ( continued ) 120 121 122 " the truman show " 90 continued : 120 christof enhance . ..there ! on the blow - up screen , between a cardboard box and a chair leg , it be barely possible to make out Truman 's hand as he crawl commando- style from beneath the cover and behind a cardboard box near the large tool cupboard . simeon point out a angle of the empty staircase . simeon he have not go up the stair . he 's still in the room . ext . truman 's house . night . 121 marlon 's car squeal to a halt outside Truman 's house . hurriedly dress in jeans and coat over a bare chest , he dash barefoot up the porch to the front door . he try the doorhandle , pound on the door and ring the doorbell simultaneously , shouting Truman 's name all the while . marlon tru !.. tru !.. earthquake alert ... flood ! we have gotta get outside onto the street ! tru ?! frustrate , marlon pick up one of meryl 's carefully nurture flower pot from beneath the porch window . marlon ( shouting a warning ) I be come in , tru ! marlon hurl the flower pot through the window . int . truman ‘s house - basement . night . 122 marlon switch on the light and clamber down the wooden stair to the basement . he push away the clutter and finally stand at he co-star 's bedside . he gingerly lift the cover . beneath the bedding , clothes have be carefully pile to resemble a sleep figure - sock place on the end of two tree branch . buried amongst the clothes be Truman 's portable tape recorder . marlon place the recorder next to he ear . the cassette play the sound of truman breathing . 123 124 124a 125 '' the truman show " 91 int . control room . night . 123 christof stare , wide -ey , at the image on the on- Air monitor of marlon . christof find he , marlon ! int . basement . night . 124 marlon start frantically push aside the clutter , send Truman 's model ship and other hobby crash to the floor . eliminate all other possible hide place , he confront Truman 's tool closet , the wall map of the fiji Islands still hang on the door . marlon rip open the door and be hit with a shaft of light - moonlight . the top of the closet have be remove and a crude tunnel contain a ladder head almost directly upwards to the outside of the house . the bottom of the closet be ankle deep with dirt . embed in the tunnel wall - be meryl 's chef 's mate - Truman 's digging implement . ext . truman' house . night . 124a marlon 's head pop up outside the house . unable to help himself , marlon look directly into a wide shot camera conceal in a streetlight . int . control room . night . 125 christof marlon , do not look at the camera ! say something ! marlon ( to streetlight , stunne , break the fourth wall ) what ? he 's go ! christof {to simeon , quiet but firm ) cut transmission . simeon hesitates , unsure if he have hear correctly . he look to christof for confirmation , he finger poise over a '' emergency '' button . ( continued ) 125 126 127 128 129 " the truman show " 92 continued : 125 christof ( enraged ) I say , '' cut ! '' christof lunge forward and press the button himself . the scene in Truman 's bedroom play on the on-air monitor be abruptly replace by the '' truman '' logo and the message , '' technical fault . please stand by . '' int . a live room somewhere . night . 126 the two old women on the sofa be stunne to see they tv screen go blank . int . a bar somewhere . night . 127 head also turn in the bar permanently tune to the " Truman " channel . int . a apartment somewhere . night . 128 the other loyal viewer transfix by the test card be sylvia , alone in she darken apartment . int . control room . night . 129 reminiscent of a military headquarters in wartime , the control room be a scene of barely control panic . security guard come and go , phone ring , light flash , every available video mixer be work . the monitor - the '' eye '' of the searcher - be systematically scrutinize for any sign of Truman . christof orchestrate operation from he position at the center of the control panel . simeon {nervous ) we have declare a curfew . everyone else be at first position . christof all prop car account for ? simeon he have to be on foot . he have the world 's most recognizable face . he can not disappear . 130 131 '' the truman show " 93 ext . seahaven - MAIN STREET . night . 130 we pan down one empty street after another . the town center be totally , eerily desert . suddenly , a line of people come around the corner , fan out across the street - a man-hunt . people of every description , shoulder to shoulder , march down the otherwise empty street the way a search be conduct at a crime scene . the line include principal and extras link arm in arm , wardrobe for they usual role as executive and secretary , store clerk , telephonist , maintenance and construction worker , waiter and waitress , cook , shopper , health worker , security guard , postal worker , police officer , FIRE fighter and homeless people . we occasionally glimpse Truman 's friend and colleague amongst the searcher - marlon , lawrence , mother & kirk , vivien and tyrone . even the WASHINGTON 's and spencer and pluto have join the search - a snarling Pluto strain at the leash have now assume the role of tracker dog - Truman 's pajamas wave in front of he nose ( clearly miscast as the friendly , neighborhood pooch ) . : searchlight from seahaven 's many tower sweep the town . once , the light fall on a blacken face cower in the bush beside a picket fence - the fence now faintly reminiscent of prison bar . even the beam of the full moon appear to be sweeping the town like a searchlight . ext . bridge . night . 131 barrier have be erect at the bridge lead out of seahaven , guard by several seahaven police car . a extra dress as a derelict wheel he shopping cart towards the bridge . the derelict take a look along the walkway alongside the bridge as if participate in the search . he find a police officer stand on the walkway . policeman officer any sign of he ? derelict ( gravelly voice ) not yet . police officer take it easy . ~ 131a 131b 132 133 134 " the truman show " a 4 int . control room . night . 131a a video operator in the sixth row watch the scene on one of he monitor - the derelict stand with he back to camera . just as the derelict turn towards camera the Operator turn away to take a sip of coffee . he miss what we see on he monitor - the derelict 's blacken face belong to truman . ext . bridge . night . 131b the disguise truman head back to town . int . control room . night . 132 christof turn to a lighting technician . christof we need more light . ext . seahaven street . night . 133 a building - to-building , floor - to - floor , office - to-office search be also be conduct , each structure secure as they go - the searcher pay special attention to potential blind spot such as closet , dumpster , man hole , sewer , car trunk , tree and shrubbery . we focus on one of the wave of searcher . truman have link arm in the middle of a row , he disguise still hold up . int . control room . night . 134 christof glance impatiently at he watch . christof we will never find he like this . what time be it ? chloe ( anticipate the request ) it 's too early . christof it do not matter . cue the sun . 135 136 137 138 139 '' the truman show " 95 ext . street . night / day . 135 the sun instantly rise over seahaven . cast and extras shade they eye from the sudden glare . int . control room . night . 136 while he colleague monitor the bank of screen , christof have be join by the two anxious studio executive , mose and roman . mose ( to christof who be still study the face in a row of searcher ) rumor be circulate he 's dead . the media be in a feed frenzy . the phone line be jamme . every network have a pirate shot of marlon in the closet . roman opace nervously ) the sponsor be threaten to rip up they contract . christof ( unconcern , refer to the static '' stand by '' graphic , now accompany by soothing classical music ) why ? we be get higher rating for that graphic than any time in the show 's history . int . bar . night . 137 the television above the bar carry the test card . patron animatedly discuss Truman 's fate over they drink . some place bet with each other on Truman 's fate . ext . electronics store . night . 138 a crowd of passersby hover around a display of television in the window of a electronics store , await development . int . control room . night . 139 the fan of extras reach the harbor and automatically turn to make another sweep . ( continued ) 139 140 141 " the troman show " 96 continued : 139 chloe ( refer to the empty street ) when we flush he out how do we explain this ? christof ( deadpan ) we tell he the truth . chloe look askance at christof . christof ( joke darkly ) we be make a movie . ext . harborside . day . 140 truman have break away from the line of searcher . however , as he bypass the entrance to a ticket box , he have not bargain on come face to face with another straggler from the search . marlon . Truman freeze in front of he childhood companion - marion instantly see through Truman 's homeless disguise . Truman glance nervously in the direction of the searcher . they back to the two man , they be beginning they next sweep . one shout from marlon will give Truman away - he be at marlon 's mercy . without a word , marlon walk past Truman and rejoin the search . Truman glance back to marlon 's retreate figure but marlon never look back . ext . dockside . day . 141 truman reach the edge of the dock . he look out over the bay . there , riding at anchor some two hundred yard out , be a sail boat - the same boat that circle kirk and Truman 's sail boat many year earlier . we see a close up of Truman 's terrify eye in he blacken face , stare down at the lap water . he steel himself , shut out the doubt and dive into the water . 142 143 '' the truman show " 97 int . control room . night . 142 simeon ( hopeful ) I be sure we will get he on this next sweep . christof ( distract ) what have we miss ? simeon it 's just a matter of time . christof concentrate on a monitor display a view of the harbor . christof ( to simeon} we be not watch the sea . simeon ( confuse ) why would we -- christof sweep the harbor . his colleague begin to flick through dozen of waterborne hide camera shot - in moor craft , lighthouse and buoy - try to locate Truman . suddenly on one of the monitor there appear a single sail etched against the horizon . simeon that 's get to be he ! roman how can he sail ?! he 's in insurance ! christof resume transmission . simeon punch a button and the image of the sail boat be instantly transfer to the large on - AIR monitor . int . old women 's apartment . night . 143 the two old women doze against each other on the sofa in front of the tv. ( continued ) 143 144 145 146 147 148 : " the truman show " 98 continued : 143 the classical music on the television be abruptly replace by the sound of the wind and the sea . one Old Lady blink she eye open , she breath take away by the sight of Truman at the wheel of the sail boat . she rouse she companion . int . control room . night . 144 christof ( stare intently at the on - AIR monitor ) what do we have on that boat ? simeon scan a computer shot list . he type in a code . a camera from the mast of Truman 's sail boat activate . Truman , unaware of the camera , be concentrate on he sailing . ext . harbor . day . 145 by now the ocean spray have wash most of the dirt from truman 's face - only a residue remain . the rag he wear be soak . as he steer , he occasionally refer to a '' how to sail '' book from he coat pocket . int . a bathroom somewhere . night . 146 the man in the bath we have see earlier continue to watch from he tub . man ( to himself ) I know he be not dead . ext . harbor . day . 147 truman be at the wheel of the sail boat , wind fill she sail . seahaven leave far behind , he be the only craft afloat in the harbor . he set a course for the open sea as he and he father do long ago . int . control room . night . 148 christof and the other production staff watch truman from a buoy 's Pov as he sail by . ( continued ) " the truman show " 99 148 continued : 148 christof get another boat . chloe the ferry . 148a ext . ferry terminal . day . 148a 149 150 151 a production assistant run down the dock towards the ferry captain and he crew . production assistant get that boat out there ! ferry captain ( who also play the bus driver ) I do not know how . we be just tell to put on this clothes . ext . harbor . day . . 149 the sea choppier now , rise and fall steeply beneath he boat , truman near a large buoy bob clumsily in the strong swell . a official - look sign on the buoy read - '' dangerous water . do not enter . '' we see a extreme close up of the nautical signpost where a disguise miniature camera track Truman 's progress . int . control room . night . 150 roman ( anxious ) how do we stop he ? christof ( glance to simeon ) how else ? christof nod to control on the mixing desk mark , '' wind '' and '' rain '' . ext . harbor . day . 152 Storm cloud roll towards truman 's boat at a alarming speed . he look back towards the seahaven skyline , rapidly recede behind he . doubt invade Truman 's head but he shut they out and steer into the tooth of the storm - a look of resolve in he eye we have never witness before . 152 153 " the truman show " 100 int . control room . night . 152 mose and roman pace at the back of the control room . christof be focus on he monitor . like Truman , he steel himself for a fight . christof cue misic ... simeon ( hesitant ) what music ? christof ( irritate ) Storm music ... wagner ... chloe ( watch the monitor ) there 's no rescue boat in the area . he will not know what to do . mose ( try to appeal to christof 's sense of reason ) for God 's sake , Chris . the whole world be watch . we can not let he die in front of a live audience . christof he be bear in front of a live audience . ( never take he eye from the screen ) do not worry , he 's not willing to risk he life . his doubt will turn he back . simeon reluctantly wind the control for '' wave '' , '' wind '' and '' rain '' towards they maximum setting . christof kill the light . ext . harbor . day . 153 darkness suddenly descend . High wind and horizontal drive rain buffet the boat . truman fight the tiller . Hurricane force wind shake the mast and keel , rip the sail to shred . suddenly , the mast of Truman 's boat be strike by a bolt of lightning - snap the rigging and knock Truman overboard . flail in the tempest , Truman manage to grab ( continued ) 153 154 '' the truman show " 101 continued : 153 hold of a trail rope from the mast and hand - over-hand grag himself back on board . Truman take the rope and lash himself to the wheel . monstrous wave continually submerge the boat . with what little be leave of he rigging , Truman continue to head into the gale . truman ( shouting above the storm , scream up to the sky ) come on , be that the best you can do ? you be gonna have to kill I ! int . control room . night . 154 in contrast to he panic-striken colleague , christof give a outward appearance of calm . only we witness the minute bead of sweat appear at he temple that betray he . simeon : ( shocked at the sight of Truman bind himself to the boat ) be he out of he mind ? mose {to christof ) on behalf of the studio , I demand that you cease transmission . christof ( defiant , to Operators ) keep run ! mose -- that 's not for you to say . christof I take full responsibility -- mose -- I be tell you for the last time . christof ( to operator in front of radar- style screen ) how close be he ? operator very close . . ( continued ) " the truman show " 102 154 continued : : 154 154a 155 156 christof capsize he ! tip he over ! mose ( overlap ) for God 's sake , christof ! chloe ( unable to contain herself any longer , entreate christof ) you can not ! he 's tie himself to the boat . he will drow ! simeon ( stare at Truman on the monitor , become affect by he display of courage ) he do not care . christof nenrage , to the Operators ) do it ! all eye turn in christof 's direction . none of the Operators be willing to touch the control . christof reach to the panel and do it himself , turn the " wave " control to they maximum setting . ext . ocean . day . 1540 a series of giant breaker march in formation across the sea ~ arise from a unseen source . ext . ocean . day . 155 the wave break across Truman 's vessel . truman appear to be lose he fight against the storm , each successive wave take its toll on he body , sapping he strength , he binding the only thing keep he upright . his head slump , the tiller go loose in he grasp , rock out of control . Truman 's will be drain away . int . control room . night . 156 the control room crew watch the heroic image of Truman on the on - AIR monitor , awestruck , as if they too be now spectator watch a movie . 157 158 159 " the truman show " 103 ext . ocean . day . 157 as he be about to be overcome by the next wave , truman clamp the wheel with he whole body and brace for one last wave . but the wave do not come . a strange phenomenon be occur in the ocean . a distinct division have appear in the ocean swell . between the large roll wave lie a corridor of calmer water , several hundred yard wide , a curious escape lane . the wind and the rain be also subside , the darkness lift . a mist cling to the surface of the water . Truman steer he sail boat down the eerie corridor . several large , dark shape emerge on the horizon . land ? Islands ? the shape , contain some enormous mechanism include a huge wheel , only half expose above water level , appear to be the source of the peculiar wave formation . Truman continue to steer he wreck sailboat towards the infinitely recede horizon . all be calm until we see the bow of the boat suddenly strike a huge , blue wall , knock Truman off he foot . Truman recover and clamber across the deck to the bow of the boat . loom above he out of the sea be a cyclorama of colossal dimension . the sky he have be sailing towards be nothing but a paint backdrop . Truman look upward , strain he eye to see the top of the sky , but it curve away at a steep angle beyond he sight . cling to the boat with one hand , he tentatively reach out towards the paint cyclorama . he touch the sky . he look about he and simply laugh . int . control room . night . 158 christof and he production staff take in Truman 's reaction in stunne silence . int / ext . barroom / laundromat/ , storefront / . apartment . night . 159 Truman 's laugh echoe around bar , office , shop , home and street - wherever a television be to be find - no viewer speak . they too be stunne into a hushed expectancy . the collective audience hold its breath . 160 161 162 '' the truman show " 104 ext . ocean / cyclorama . day . 160 as the boat drift alongside the seemingly never -end curve of the cyclorama , truman 's attention be draw to a outline in the otherwise flawless backdrop . he retrieve the identikit picture of sylvia from he coat pocket and clamber to the prow of the boat . there , camouflage in the paint skyscape just above the water line , be a door . Truman grab hold of the recess doorhandle and halt the drift boat . he stand in front of the door and close he eye in a silent prayer . int . control room . night . 161 the control room crew stare in silence at the monitor - they very livelihood on the brink of vanish . christof open a small panel on he desk , break a seal , and speak into the emergency p.a. system that be link to the entire studio . christof Truman ! int / ext . ocean / cyclorama . day . 162 christof 's voice boom over the now calm ocean . christof Truman ! truman drop the handle as if he hand have be burn . he look all about he . christof ( 0.c . ) you can speak . I can hear you . Truman take a moment to overcome he fear and astonishment . truman who be you ? christof I be the creator . Truman look up to the '' heaven '' . truman the creator of what ? ( continued ) '' the truman show " 105 162 continued : 162 christof ( 0.c . ) a show - that give hope and joy and inspiration to million . truman {incredulous ) a show . then who be I ? christof ( 0.c . ) you be the star . Truman struggle to take it all in . truman nothing be real . christof you be real . that 's what make you so good to watch . Truman take out the drench picture of sylvia , recalling she word at the beach . truman ( to himself ) " the eye be everywhere . ° 163 int . control room . night . 163 christof pick up a slim , flat monitor . he swivel in he chair and gaze intently at the image of Truman he now hold in he hand . christof listen to I , Truman -- on the screen , Truman again reach for the door handle . 164 ext . cyclorama . day . 164 we focus on truman 's hand . christof 's voice echoe across the water . christof you can leave if you want . I will not try to stop you . but you will not survive out there . you do not know what to do , where to go . a wave of doubt wash over Truman 's face . ( continued ) '' the truman show " 106 164 . continued : 164 165 166 167 168 truman ( refer to the photo ) I have a map . christof Truman , I have watch you you whole life . I see you take you first step , you first word , you first kiss . I know you better than you know yourself . you be not go to walk out that door -- truman -- you never have a camera in my head . int / ext . various location . night . 165 the viewer stare into camera in fascination . int . control room . night . 166 truman turn back to the sky , look up towards christof . christof Truman , there 's no more truth out there than in the world I create for you ~ the same lie and deceit . but in my world you have nothing to fear . Truman seem to be consider the possibility . he look to the identikit picture of sylvia in he hand . christof ( suddenly angry ) say something , damn it ! you be still on camera , live to the world ...! int . a room somewhere . night . 167 sylvia gaze at the picture of herself on she television screen as if it be she reflection in the mirror . ext . cyclorama . day . 168 truman open the door in the sky . he hesitates . perhaps he cannot go through with it after all . the camera slowly zoom into Truman 's face . ( continued ) 168 169 170 i171 '' the truman show " 107 continued : 168 : truman in case I do not see you -- good afternoon , good evening and good night . he step through the door and be go . silence . then - int / ext . viewer . night . 169 spontaneous jubilation from viewer in they various location - bar , home and office . we follow the figure of sylvia , run through the street . some of the viewer outside a electronics store glimpse she as she run by . int , control room . night . 170 even the cynical simeon jump out of he seat - for the first time in the film - and let out a joyous whoop , forget himself for a moment , catch up in the drama . simeon yes ! self -conscious , he take he seat again almost immediately . his colleague be transfix by the live on - AIR monitor continue to play its only available shot , the open door in the sky . gradually , the attention of that in the control room shift from the monitor to christof . he sit slump , stare at the open door in the sky . eventually mose look to simeon . mose nod to the ' on AIR '' button . simeon press the button and the screen - the movie screen - go to static . montage / end title . 171 highlight from " fruman - total record of a human life '' begin to play . fade out