the matrix revolution Larry and Andy wachowski October 27 , 2000 501 502 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 1 . int . the matrix - night 501 fade in -- on the matrix at code level , where we be travel with the speed of think -- rushing through streak of code light before pause to survey a area from above , as a god might . we glide down for a slightly closer look at the encode metropolis , effortlessly move through the wall and room of a skyscraper , until we again accelerate beyond the speed of light to search -- int . mjolnir - MAIN deck ~ night 502 as the code form the familiar drip and we pull out onto the monitor of the mjolnir 's operator 's station . AK , link 's counterpart on this ship , beat he keyboard . AK I get nothing , sir . no sign of niobe or ghost . nothing but blue pill . the crew of the mjolnir be gather on the main deck . mauser should we jack in and try to contact they ? roland it will not matter . my gut say they be down . mauser then we should start back ? roland no . if that ship can still fly , we need it . mauser I be afraid you be go to say that . roland search every pipe , every hole , every crack we know . sweep as wide as possible , as fast as possible . AK Captain , this line be crawl with calamari . 502 503 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 2 . 502 roland then the sooner we find they the better . int . mjolnir - infirmary ~ night 503 Neo lie unconscious . trinity be at he bedside . the door open and maggie , the ship 's medic , enter with a small plate of food . maggie think you could use something to eat . trinity thank you . trinity take the plate from she . maggie any change ? she shake she head . maggie start to check Neo 's monitor when bane groan . she step over to he bed which be a reverse of Neo 's position . trinity how be he ? maggie he 's go to be fine . at least until he wake up . trinity what do you mean ? maggie the Captain have some question for he and he better have some good answer . bane become silent and still . maggie ( cont 'd ) you see this cut on he body ? trinity nod . maggie ( cont 'd ) I think they be self inflicted . trinity why ? goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 503 maggie v dt 's maybe . I do not know . but , like I say , the answer better be good . 504 int . mjolnir - MAIN deck - night morpheus and link have remain at the perimeter of the meeting . now morpheus step out of the shadow . morpheus roland . roland yeah ? morpheus I would like to run one more search through the matrix . roland for what ? morpheus for Neo . AK how could he be in the matrix , sir ? he 's not plugge in . morpheus please , for I . 505 int . mjolnir - infirmary — night maggie re-read Neo 's life monitor . maggie this ig what keep bother I . trinity rise to see the display . trinity what ? maggie his neural pattern do not read like someone who 's in a coma . the strange thing be that I see this pattern all the time . trinity where ? 503 504 505 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 4 . 505 505 e@ maggie on someone jack in . 506 int . mjolnir - matn deck - night 506 7 the matrix drip down the window of the monitor . * BK : the big bubkis . nada , sir . he be not in * there . + morpheus stare at the monitor not willing to accept it . : colt slide down the ladder from the cockpit . be colt : Sir , I have get the projection . : roland Le how long ? 7 colt 4 base on point of entry and they past Le speed , it look like the machine will reach Zion in just under twenty hour . AK . Jesus H. Christ . * roland : all right . let 's move with a purpose . AK , * get upstairs . I want you on holographic . he AK : yes , sir . he pull off he headset jump free of he operator 's station . : roland e mauser , I want forward and aft gun * manned at all time . suddenly link notice something . link hey ... roland make sure we be run on as few pad as possible . 506 507 508 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 5 . 506 link hey . hey ! everyone stop and look . link ( cont 'd ) you get a call . roland what ? link jump into the seat , throw on the headsets . link Operator . seraph ( v.0 . ) this be seraph . I must speak to morpheus . link hand morpheus the headset . link it 's seraph . he want to talk to you . ext . chinatown - phone booth — night 507 seraph be in a phone booth . seraph I bring word from the Oracle . she know what have happen to Neo . you must come at once . int . mobil ave . station ~ night 508 Neo slowly , painfully , wake up . his face be mashed against a grey concrete slab . every part of he hurt . a hot - wire migraine sear through both hemisphere of he brain . he peel open he eye and see a tiny pair of shoe . into the glare of fluorescent light , he look up at a beautiful little indian girl . she smile at he . indian girl good morning . 508 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 6 . 508 for a moment he see she as a program of pure radiant energy . bath in the shimmer aura of she light he feel he pain melting away . neo .- who be you ? sati my name be sati . you name be Neo . my papa say that you be not suppose to be here . he say you must be lose . be you lose , Neo ? neo where be I ? sati this be the train station . neo the what ? he push himself up to look around . the ceramic tile have be paint with the name of the station ; mobil Ave . neo ( cont 'd ) this be not the matrix ? sati that 's where the train go . that 's where we be go . but you can not go with we . neo why not ? sati he will not let you . neo who will not ? sati the trainman . I do not like he . but papa say we have to do what the trainman say or else he will leave we here . she whisper as if afraid the trainman be listen . sati ( cont 'd ) porever and ever . 509 510 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 7 . int . oracle's build - tenement hall ~ night 509 seraph lead morpheus and trinity into the Oracle 's old apartment . int . oracle's apartment - live room ~ night 510 - morpheus and trinity enter the old apartment . a older woman sit alone in the church - like silence . woman morpheus . trinity . thank you for come . they look at one another , unable to recognize this woman . the older woman sigh . woman ( cont 'd ) one thing I have learn in all my year be that nothing ever work out just the way you want it to . trinity who be you ? woman I be the Oracle . neither believe it . ORACLE I wish there be a easy way to get through this but there be not . I be sorry this have to happen . I be sorry I could not be sit here like you remember I . but it be not mean to be . trinity what happen ? ORACLE I make a choice and that choice cost I more than I want it to . morpheus what choice ? b # 510 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 7a . 510 ORACLE to help you . to guide Neo . now , since the real test for any choice be have to make the same choice again , know full well what it might cost , I guess I feel pretty good about that choice ' cause here iam , at it again . trinity you know what happen to Neo ? ORACLE yes . he be trap in a place between this world and the Machine World . there be link that have be construct like island , use for trafficking information . somehow Neo wash up onto one of they . the only way to rejoin he mind and body be to bring he back out through this world . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 8. 510 prinity how ? ORACLE it will not be easy . the link be control by a program call the trainman . he use it to smuggle program in and out of the matrix . if he find out where Neo be before you get to he , then I be afraid we choice be go to become difficult . trinity why ? ORACLE because of who the trainman work for . morpheus the merovingian . ORACLE he have place a bounty on you life . you must be careful at all time . seraph know how to find the trainman . he will go with you . for year he have protect I . I hope he can do the same for you . seraph please follow I . morpheus remain unsure , unable to step neither forward or backward . morpheus Oracle ... ORACLE I know , morpheus . I can see you be fill with doubt , cloud by uncertainty . morpheus after all that have happen , how can you expect I to believe you ? ORACLE I do not . I expect just what I have always expect : for you to make up you own damn mind . believe I , or do not . 510 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , all I can do be tell you that you friend be in trouble and he need you help . 2002 BA . 510 510 5il goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , she turn to trinity . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) he need all we help . int . mobil ave . statton - night 2002 3 . 510 sil Neo sit rub he temple , try to piece together what happen . sati be you from the matrix ? neg yes , no . it mean , I be . sati why do you leave ? neo I have to . sati I have to leave my home too . man sati ! come here . leave the poor man in peace . sati yes papa . she run to a middle - age indian man who be sit on a bench beside he beautiful wife . several suitcase stand in a line next to the bench . man I be sorry . she be still very curious . Neo recognize the man . neo I know you . he smile . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 10 . 51l 511 man @ yes . in the restaurant of the frenchman . he stand . man ( cont 'd ) } I be rama - kandra . this be my wife kamala . * my daughter sati . we be most honore to meet you . neo hello . for rama we have hear much about you . where we , come from you be call '' the one that be expect . '' neo you be program . i rama oh yes . I be the power Plant system manager for recycle operation . my wife be a interactive software programmer . she be highly creative . kamala what be you do here ? you do not belong here . rama kamala . goodness I apologize . my wife can be very direct . neo it 's okay . I do not have a answer . I do not even know where '' here '' be . rama this place be nowhere . it be between you world and we world . neo how do you get out of here ? rama there be only one way . the train . neo who be the trainman ? 521 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 11 . bil rama he work for the frenchman . neo why do I know you be go to say that . rama the frenchman do not forget and he do not forgive . neo you know he ? rama I know only what I need to know . I know that if you want to take something from we world into you world that do not belong there , you must go to the frenchman . neo be that what you be do here ? kamala rama , please ! rama I de not want to be cruel , kamala . he may never see another face for the rest of he life . neo I be sorry . you do not have to answer that . rama no . I do not mind . the answer be simple . he lay he hand on sati 's head . rama ( cont 'd ) I love my daughter very much . I find she to be the most beautiful thing I have ever see . but where we be from , that be not enough . every program that be create must have a purpose . if it do not , it be delete . kamala look away . rama ( cont 'd ) I go to the frenchman to save my daughter . sil 512 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 12 . sil Neo struggle with the idea of a Machine loving another Machine . rama ( cont 'd ) you do not understand ? neo I just have never ... rama Heard a program speak of love ? neo it be a human emotion . rama no , it be a word . what matter be the connection the word imply . he read Neo 's code . rama ( cont 'd ) I see that you be in love . Neo feel awkwardly expose . rama ( cont 'd ) can you tell I what you would give to hold on to that connection ? neo .. anything . rama smile . rama then perhaps the reason you be here be not so different than the reason I be here . int . subway train - niget 512 a wild - eye derelict sit in the front car of a subway train . the train clatter and screech down the urban throat where fluorescent light hang like break tooth , glow against the darkness . it be late at night and the train be virtually empty . the rear door be shove open with a sudden rush of wind and noise . the derelict turn and see seraph lead morpheus and trinity inte the car . 512 513 514 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 13 . 512 the wild eye widen . seraph that 's he . the trainman leap up , the burnish blue metal of a .38 special flash free from he layer of clothes . trainman get away ! get away from I ! the few passenger react , while seraph continue calmly toward he . seraph please . we do not want trouble . trainman get away the hell away from I ! seraph we need you help . trainman I can not help you ! no one can help you ! the train pass through a station and the trainman yank the emergency lever -- throw the train into a lurching stop . he dive out the open door . seraph , morpheus and trinity lunge after he . int . subway station one ~ platform a — night 5h like a panicked antelope that break from the pack , directionless , bolt with a kind of awkward grace -- int . subway station one ~ passenger tunnel - night 51 he bound up the stairwell , and zig -zag through the mostly desert tunnel that lead up to inter-connecting station . check a wrist full of watch , he veer off towards another staircase . almost fly he hurl himself down the stair to the train platform below . int . subway station one - platform 8 ~ night 5 ! he turn and fire at the three pursue figure . 515 516 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 14 . 515 weaving behind the steel and concrete column , he continue to fire force they to take cover until - — - the station begin to rumble and the trainman smile . he whirl out from he column fire , empty the gun , wait for the train to blast into the station . seraph see the train that be not go to stop and realize what the trainman be about to do . seraph oh no . he spin out into the line of fire , bullet bury in pillar with plume of concrete color dust . the trainman turn , sprinting towards the train track and jump . for a flash instant , a perfect silhouette in the blaring train - light , he wild clothes like the break wing of a bat as ~ - he leap from one platform to another disappear behind the rush train . and when it finally pass , he be go , leave the three alone in the silence that slowly swallow the dopplere train . morpheus damnit . int . mobil ave . station ~ niget 516 rama be look at he watch . nec when be the train due ? rama it be already late . it be not like the trainman to be late . he eye Neo for a moment . neo you think it have something to do with I ? rama iocan not say . who know such thing ? only the Oracle . 516 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 15 . 516 neo you know the Oracle ? rama everyone know the Oracle . I consult with she before I meet with the frenchman . she promise she would look after sati after we say goodbye . neo Goodbye ? you be not stay with she ? rama it be not possible . we arrangement with the frenchman be for we daughter only . my wife and I must return to we world . neo why ? rama that be we karma . neo you believe in karma ? rama karma be a word , like love . a way of say what I be here to do . he look at he daughter . rama ( cont 'd ) I do not resent my karma . I be grateful for it . grateful for my wonderful wife . for my beautiful daughter . they be gift and so I do what I must de to honor they . the station begin to rumble . satl papa , the train ! rama yes . find you bag . quickly . neo can I carry that for you ? rama pause . rama all right . 516 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 16 . 516 he hand Neo one of the bag . the train be only one car long . it scream to a stop and the door clamber open . the trainman step out . trainman hurry it up ! I be late ! they start to get on board , but suddenly the trainman grab Neo . trainman ( cont 'd ) who be you ?! rama he be a friend . kamala ramat trainman wait ...wait ... I know you . his eye widen . trainman ( cont 'd ) that 's why they be -- his smile be yellow and crooked . neo I need to get back . he start to laugh . neo ( cont 'd ) I will pay whatever you want . the joke get better . neo ( cont 'd ) one way or another I be get on this train . trainman oh no , no , no . you be go to stay right here until the merovingian say different and if I know he , you be go to be here for a long , long time . 516 517 518 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 17 . 516 neo I do not want to hurt you . the curl of he lip be more like a scythe than a smile . trainman you do not get it . I build this place . down here , I make the rule . down here , I make the threat . he hit Neo and send he fly , smash into the ceramic and concrete wall . trainman ( cont 'd ) down here , I be God . he scowl at rama and he family . trainman ( cont 'd ) get on the train or you stay here with he . rama drop he eye and get on the train . int . lincoln - nigrt 517 seraph be drive the big lincoln . trinity stare out the window alone in the back seat . seraph we should return to the Oracle . she will know what to do . trinity no . morpheus turn to she . trinity ( cont 'd ) we know what have to be do . morpheus can see the answer reflect in she eye . morpheus the merovingian . int , mobil ave . station - night 5 cradie he break rib , Neo jump down onto the track . they disappear into darkness . he start run in the same direction as the train go . 518 519 goldenrcd revisiok JUNE 27 , 2002 18 . we watch for a moment , then pan back to look in the opposite direction where we see he now run towards we . he stop as he enter the station : '' mobil Ave . '' he look back the way he come . he run that way only to end up exactly where he start . neo shit. int . underground garage - night £ 19 a corral of exquisite car and limousine be park near a single metal door . the Big bald Mar and two of the lupine killer from the merovingian 's gang , guard the door . footstep begin to ring softly against the tomb- gray concrete as a shadow move toward they . big man you gotta be kid . killer Holy shit ! it 's wingless ! seraph , trinity , and morpheus step into the small pool of light . big man I get it . you must be ready to die . serapa we need to speak with he . the Big man yank back the lever of he machine gun . big man only way you be ing threugh this door be over ny big dead ass . seraph so be it . trinity move and the machine gun erupt , breathe fire and spitting lead as we enter -- bullet time . we see trinity weaving - mpossibly from a diving crouch into a cartwneel , even as every inch of space be puncture by a storm of mindless missile . to the eye , she igs a flash , almost a ghost as she spin into a coll and then launch herself into the aiz -- 519 520 521 522 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 19 . 519 rising in bullet time , bullet chase she in the fan arc of a tick second hand until - ~ a savage kick bounce the huge man against the steel door back into trinity who slice he with the precision of a sushi-master , drop he to the floor . before the other two can react , seraph and morpheus attack , leaping out from behind the nearest vehicle -- catch the killer off balance as they deliver they blow with lethal fury . it be over quickly , three dark heaps lay crumpled in the pool of white light . without hesitation , trinity open the metal door . seraph and morpheus follow . int . hel night club - underground entrance ~- niget 3 a small brick room with only a gated elevator . trinity open it and they climb in . int . hel night club - elevator - night 5 there be only two button . the lower button be slightly red with the word , '' hel '' write on it . seraph there be no weapon allow in the club . at the bottom of this elevator there be a coat check girl and if we be lucky , one man for check weaporis . trinity and if we be unlucky ? seraph there will be many man . ka-chung . the elevator stop . trinity slide open the gate . int . hel night club ~ coat check -— night they be very unlucky . five man turn as the beautiful coat check girl step between they . coat girl May I check you -- oh my god ! 522 525 goldenrod revisicn JUNE 27 , 2062 20 . 52 i the man turn to look as seraph grab the coat check girl , push she down behind a counter while every hand grab the nearest gun . morpheus and trinity charge into the room behind the cacephony of empty clip and spray and pray gunfire . body dive , spin , fly off the wall , pass seach other like plane in a dogfight as - ~ the entire room be shred , bullet rip through everything , tear the wall and furniture apart like termite chew wood to dust . int . hel night clus - night 523 it be a dark alternative club fill with both program and human . several people react to the noise which can barely be hear above the pound music . int . hel night club - coat check - night 524 a final bleody exchange and the last of the guard slump to the ground amidst the fall snow - globe debris . immediately they arm themselves from the mass of weapon in the weapon check . int . hel night club - dance floor / VIP area ~ niset 525 they push through the heavy door like blood - soak diver slip into shark - fill water . cnstantly they be recognize . form a laagez , back to back , they gun constantly shifting from hare stare tc clench jaw , they move into the crowd that clinch arcund they , probing , look for a open . on a raise platfcrm , at the far end of the club , the merovingian rise from nis seat . merovingian what in the hell ... grabbirg the railing , he see the three , completely surrounded , try the push through the dance merovingian ( cont 'd ) I do not believe this ~ - he begin to laugh . 525 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 21 . 525 merovingian ( cont 'd ) hey . hey ! hey !! the music be kill , plunging the catacombe chamber into silence . merovingian ( cont 'd ) the prodigal child return ! << the angel with no wing .>> be you here for the bounty , seraph ? he laugh again as the crowd contract around they . merovingian ( cont 'd ) tell I , how many bullet be there in that gun ? I do not know , but I do not think you have enough . seraph we only want to talk . the merovingian glance back at the trainman surround by the eternally young and beautiful . merovingian oh yes . I be sure you do . you have fight through Hell to do so . yes ? I ‘il teil you what I will do . put down the gun and I will promise you safe passage out of here . seraph check with morpheus and trinity . seraph all three of we ? merovingian yes , yes . of course . slowly they lower they gun . the point of no return pass as they weapon clatter to the floor . immediately they be snatch up by the surround crowd , who smile now , tooth flash the way a knife do as it be be sharpen . the merovingian giggle as they climb the stair follow by the newly armed man and woman . goldenrod reviston JUNE 27 , 2002 214 . 525 merovingian ( cont 'd ) orise , eh?po > who could have ed we would all be sea each other on after ouz last meeting . the fate oc rand . 525 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 22 sy ] he sit beside he gorgeous wife who be rivete with anticipation . merovingian ( cont 'd ) please , sit , sit . be comfortable . the trainman smile at seraph . seraph you know why we be here ? the merovingian pick up he martini . merovingian come now . what kind of question be this ? of course I know . it be my business to know . some might think that this be a very strange coincidence , but I do not . he suck at a olive . merovingian ( cont 'd ) Tam curious though , as to how it actually happen . do you know ? trinity no . merovingian no ? I do not think so , but it be always best to ask . he pop the olive into he mouth chew it with obvious relish . morpheus we want to make a deal . merovingian always straight to business , eh morpheus ? okay . so , I have something you want . to make a deal , you must have something I want , yes ? he smile . merovingian ( cont 'd ) and it so happen there be something T want . I want they very badly , and I think you may be the only one who can get they for I , 525 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 23 . 525 he slide the last olive from its silver toothpick with he tooth . merovingian ( cont 'd ) there be only two of they and it must have they both . there be a faint smile as he chew . seraph what be they ? merovingian the eye of the Oracle . seraph do not react while several of the armed goons chuckle . merovingian ( cont 'd ) she will not need they anymore , what with the end of the world and all . he drop the metal toothpick into the empty martini glass . merovingian ( cont 'd ) so here , you bring they to I in this glass and I will give you back you savior . his smile be mephistopheiean as he lift the glass to seraph . seraph do not move . merovingian ( cont 'd ) do we have a deal ? eh? yes ? no ? the empty glass hover between they as they stare at one another with the kind of intensity that be only possible after year of deep feel hatred . trinity I do not have time for this shit . she attack , every blow break some kind of bone . seraph and morpheus scramble at the surround guard , barely able to stop they from shoot she as -- she cut a path between she and the merovingian . seraph kick one of the gun , spin up into the air as dozen of heavily armed man storm up the platform . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 24 . 525 525 the gun float above the freeze chac of inter-locked body until -- trinity snatch it out of the air and whirl around - —- jam it against the merovingian 's head . everyone freeze ; : gun check - mate every move . i trinity ( cont 'd ) you want a deal ? how about this ? you give I Neo or we all die , right here , right now . merovingian interesting deal . . he look at she , read the bio-chemistry in she code . : merovingian ( cont 'd ) : you be really ready to die for this man . i she thumb back the hammer . : trinity a believe it . persephone stare at she like a junkie about to be give a fix . persephone she will do it . if she have to she 'il kill every one of we . her eye flash with the memory of it . persephone ( cont 'd ) she 's in love . merovingian it be remarkable how similar the pattern of love be to the pattern of insanity . trinity time 's up . what 's it go to be , merv? 526 int . mobil ave . station - night 526 weo be sit cross -legge , concentrate try to be ~ connect he mind to he body . neo okay , you can de this . you get yourself in here , you can get yourself out . 526 527 528 529 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 25 . 526 he center he mind , focus , draw closer and closer until he begin to feel something -~- something that frighten he . a single image suddenly slashes across he mind eye : three black line across a brimstone desert . his mind rush forward , follow the line as if follow a path as the entire world begin to rumble . he open he eye as the train thunder into the station . when trinity step out of the door , he almost can not believe it . she run to he , throw she arm around he . neo ( cont 'd ) tell I I be not dream . trinity do this feel like a dream ? she kiss he and he smile . nec no . trinity then you be not dream . ext . CITY STREET ~ day 527 the matrix be crowded with people rush through the routine of they life as the black - green lincoln be sweep into the flow of traffic . int . lincoln - day 528 Neo and trinity be in the back seat . morpheus dial he cell phone . link ( v.0 . ) Operator . morpheus be you ready for we ? int . mjolnir ~ MAIN deck ~ day 529 link be wear the headset , pace behind AK who be type furiously . 529 530 531 goldenrod revision link almost sir . they get some pretty ancient hack here . we be work on it . but you find Neo ? morpheus ( v.0 . ) can not you see he ? line no sir . we be read something , but I could not tell what it be . int . lincoln ~ day 2002 26 . 529 530 Neo stare out the window . there be something familiar about the moment , but he be unsure if he be remember something he have do or something he have to do . neo ioca not leave yet . morpheus turn back to he . weo ( cont 'd ) I have to see she . trinity now ? neo it 's my last chance . int . ORACLE 's apartment - kitchen ~ day 531 a small pair of hand dig into a mound of cookie dough , knead a cascade of chocolate chip and break candy bar . the Oracle be make cookie with sati . ORACLE that 's it . that 's the secret . you have get to use you hand . sati why ? ORACLE cookie need love like everything do . Neo again slip through the bead entrance . sati Neo ! 531 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 27 . 531 the Oracle seem surprised . ORACLE I be hope to have this do before you get here . oh well . she turn to sati , pick up the bowl . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) sati , honey , I think it 's time for a taste . take the bowl to seraph and find out if they be ready . sati okay . she scoops up the big bowl with she cookie dough cover finger . sati ( conp 'd ) T be glad you get out . neo I too . the Oracle go to the sink to wash she hand . ORACLE so , do you recognize I ? Neo read she code . neo a part of you . ORACLE yeah , that 's how it work . some bit you lose . some bit you keep . TI do not yet recognize my face in the mirror but I still love candy . she offer Neo a piece . neo no , thank you . she pop a piece in she mouth . neo ( cont 'd ) what happen ? ORACLE I make a choice . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 27a . 531 531 she smile . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) Choice . the gift we be forever unwrap . and you know better than most that certain choice can forever change we life . sometimes , that change be visible . sometimes , they be not . remember , what you be like when you first walk through my door ? jittery as a June bug . and now , just look at you . she smile almost as a parent might . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) you sure do surprise I , Neo . and you still do . neo you give I a few surprise too . ORACLE I hope I help . she take out a cigarette . 531 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 28 . 531 neo you help I to get here . but my question be why ? she light it . neo ( cont 'd ) where be this go ? where do it end ? ORACLE I do not know . neo you do not know or you will not tell I ? ORACLE I tell you before , no one can see beyond a choice they do not understand . and I mean no one . neo what choice ? ORACLE it do not matter . it 's my choice . I have mine to make , same as you have yours . neo do that include what thing to tell I and what not to tell mar ? ORACLE of course not . neo then why do not you tell I about the architect ? why do not you tell I about Zion and the one before I ? why do not you tell I the truth ? ORACLE because it be not time for you to know . neo whe decide it be not time ? ORACLE you know who . she point to the sign behind he . he turn and read it once again . 531 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 29 . $ 31 neo I do . her familiar chesire smile . she roll neo ( cont 'd ) then I think it 's time for I to know @ few more thing . ORACLE so do I . neo tell I how I separate my mind from my body without jack in . tell I how I stop four sentinel by think it . tell I just what the hell be happen to I . ORACLE the power of the one extend beyond this world . it reach from here all the way back to where it come from . neo where ? ORACLE the source . that 's what you feel when you touch that sentinel . but you be not ready for it . neo the architect tell I that if I do not return to the source , Zion would be destroy by midnight tonight . she eye . ORACLE please . you and I may not be able to see beyond we own choice , but that man can not see past any choice . - neo why not ? ORACLE he do not understand they . he can not . to he they be variable in a equation , one at a time each variable must be solve then counter . that 's he purpose . to balance the equation . 531 she nod . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 30 . 531 neo what 's you purpose ? ORACLE to unbalance it . neo why ? what do you want ? ORACLE I want the same thing you want , Neo . and I be willing to go as far as you be to get it . neo the end of the war . neo ( cont 'd ) be it go to and ? ORACLE one way or another . neo can Zion be save ? ORACLE I be sorry I do not have the answer to that question , but if there be a answer , there 's only one place you be go to find it . neo where ? ORACLE you know where . Neo 's jaw tighten . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) and if you can not find the answer , then I '' afraid there may be no tomorrow for any of we . neo what do that mean ? ORACLE everything that have a beginning have a end . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 31 . 531 531 she stab the cigarette out . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) I see the end come . I see the darkness spread . I see death . and you be all that stand in he way . her eye bore into he . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) if you can not stop he tonight , then I fear that tomorrow may never come . neo smith . she nod . ORACLE very soon he be go to have the power to destroy this world . but I believe he will not stop there . he can not . he will not stop until there be nothing leave at all . neo what be he ? ORACLE he be you . you opposite . you negative . the result of the equation try to balance itself out . neo then you know he would come . ORACLE he be as inevitable as you be . neo and if I can not stop he ? ORACLE one way or another , Neo , this war be go to end . tonight the future of both world will be in you hand . or in he . 532 int . mjolnir - infirmary - day 532 as if hearing he name call , bane open he eye . 533 534 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 32 . int . mjolnir - MAIN deck -— day 533 Neo open he eye . beside he be morpheus and trinity , both obviously relieved . trinity how do you feel ? be you all right ? he nod . she slide the needle from he head and he haul himself out of the chair . everyone be gather around he , stare at he , he to know what they must do . neo I ... I do not know ... I need ... he turn and leave . roland shake he head . roland that figure . intercom ( v.0 . ) Captain roland . roland grab the handset . roland what 's up , maggie ? maggie ( v.0o . ) bane be , sir . he 's conscious . roland good , he shoot morpheus a look . roland ( cont 'd ) maybe he 's get some answer . int . oracle's build - tenement hall — day expect 534 the front door slide open and a pair of man 's gleam black leather shoe pass through . they be follow by a identical pair . follow by another . and another . 535 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 33 . int . oracle's apartment - kitchen - day 535 the Oracle and sati be near the oven , baking the cookie . the Oracle crack the door and take a good whiff . ORACLE mmm . I love that smell . to miss it . seraph rush into the room . seraph Oracle . ORACLE I sure be go I know , I know . here honey . take a few cookie and go with seraph . sati what about the rest ? ORACLE do not worry . i’1l finish they . but it 's time for you to go . sati can I come back ? I would like to come back . ORACLE I would like that too . sati then I all see you tomorrow . ORACLE I hope so , hon . I hope she gather up she cookie . seraph what be you do ? ORACLE we all do what we have seraph I have never leave you . ORACLE please , take sati . try from she . so . to do . to keep he away 535 536 538 539 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 34 . 535 seraph remain as roct as a golem . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) what would I have do , all this year without you strength ? please , it 's all tt ask . she touch he face for the last time . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) good bye , my friend . seraph I will miss you . she smile . ORACLE I know . scene 536 omitted 536 scene 537 renumbered as 540a int . oracle's build - tenement hall - day 538 seraph hit the elevator button . he stand with sati at the end of the hall . suddenly the elevator light go out . one by one the fluorescent flicker off ; darkness creep towards they , slowly swallow they . sati I be scared , seraph . seraph come . he pick she up and rush for the stair . int . oracle's build ~- staitrwell - day 539 they start down the stairwell but seraph hear footstep below . peek over the railing edge , he see dozen of smith climb towards they . quickly they exit onto another floor . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 34a . @ 540 int . ORACLE 's build ~ tenement halt . - day 540 still carry sati , seraph rush down the corridor , look through wall and door , search for a empty apartment . 540a omitted 540 a 541 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 35-38 . int . empty apartment 541 he move towards the farthest pedroom wnile sati stare back over he shoulder . sati he 's follow we . he set she down stare at something beyond the crack blark wall . [ hey can hear he footstep in the room outside . the door eries as it as open , revealing the silhouett smith , they sunglass stare , empty of expression like the lidless , eyeless socket of a skull . a single Smith step into the room . smith well , well , it 's be a long time . tf remember chase you be like chase a ghost . seraph I have beat you before . smith yes . true . but as you can see , thing be a little different now . he bend down to sati . smith ( cont 'd ) you must be the last Exile . sati the Oracle tell I about you . smith really ? what do she say ? sati that you be a bad man . smith oh , I be not so bad once you get to know I . che sinith begin spread into the room . scene 542 omitted 542 scene 543 omitted 543 544 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 38a . int . ORACLE 's apartment ~ kitchen - day 544 she sit in the darken kitchen , smoking she last cigarette . Smith push through the bead entrance . smith the great and powerful Oracle . we meet at last . he enter the kitchen , while he gang of smith cluster at the entrance . smith ( cont 'd ) I suppose you have be expect I right ? the all - know Oracle be never surprised . how can she be ? she know everything . but if that 's true , then why be she here ? if she know I be come , why would not she leave ? he suddenly grab the plate of cookie and hurl it , smash it against the wail . she do not flinch . smith ( cont 'd ) maybe you know I be go to do that . maybe you do not . she be the sphinx . smith ( cont 'd ) if you do , then that mean you baked that cookie and set that plate right here . deliberately . purposefully . which mean that you be sit there , also deliberately . purposefully . ORACLE what do you do with sati ? one of the smith stand at the door wiggle he finger at she . page 36-38 omitted bae 545 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 39 . 544 smith / sati cocky need love , like everything do . the smith chuckle . ORACLE you be a bastard . smith you would know , Mom . she crush out she cigarette . ORACLE do what you be here to do . smith yes mar ’am . he take hold of she arm and press two of he finger into she . the moment he do , we see a explosion of light and energy as the line of code that make up the entire room break apart , code fly frantically , catch in the violent wind of a digital tornado . the kitchen - in-itself look as if a cyclone be tear it apart as the smith gather at the door , glance about like nervous chicken . the wind die , the kitchen now destroy and sit where the Oracle be , be another Smith . he stand , dizzy , overwhelm by the experience . the other Smith step away from he . the Oracle / Smith remove he sunglass as he look for a moment beyond the room , beyond the code . for a moment he look into the future . and what he see , make he laugh . int . mjolntr - mess hall ~- day 545 bane sit silently , a small twitch in he eye as the crew of both ship stare at he . if there be a sound be make by anyone , it would be the grind of roland 's tooth . 545 546 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 40 . 545 bane I really wish I could help ... I just ... I do not remember any of it . roland what about the cut on you arm ? that cut be more than one day old . bane yeah , definitely . you be right about that , six . they look like they might be self inflicted , but why would I do something like that to myself ? unless of course , I be not myself . but if I be not I , then who be I ? bane stare into the cut across he palm . roland have this man be test for vdt 's ? maggie yes sir . it be negative , but he be show a lot of unusual neural activity . some cross synaptic fire , as well as sign of recent trauma with fresh fibrotic scarring throughout the cortex . bane continue to stare at the scabbing cut . frustrate , roland get up , whisper to maggie . roland T want the truth . I do not care what it take . make he remember . she nod . int . mjolnir - bedroom - day 546 Neo be alone , sit on the bunk , look for he own answer . again he focus and see something that be there , but not there : the Desert of the Real . a dark scorched plane of earth mark by the three black line that pull we closer and closer until - - he blink and the image be go . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 41 . 547 int . mjolnir ~ lower deck - day 547 excite , mauser slide down the ladder as roland step out of the mess hall . mauser sir! Sir ! we find she ! roland the logo ? mauser yes sir . roland about time we have some goddamn good news . 548 ext . pipeline - day 548 the logo lie hide ; its hull a lifeless shadow obscure by rubble and debris . it appear that a massive bomb explode near the mouth of the small pipeline . search -light sweep over the logo as the mjolnir glide overhead carefully maneuver through the damage open . 549 int . mjolnir - cockpit - day 549 morpheus , roland , mauser and AK be in the cockpit . morpheus be the thermal pick up any sign of life ? AK no sir . nothing yet . roland what about the ship ? mauser holographic say the hull 's intact . AK sentinel . AK point as the light sweep over the still metal carcass of several sentinel . roland Drop she down there and keep a man in the rear turret . 549 550 551 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 42 . 549 mauser yes sir . ext . pipeline - day 550 there be a bright burst of electricity as current arc out from the lower pad to the metal of the pipeline . int . moolnir ~ cockpit - day 551 the ship bang down , morpheus already up and head for the ladder . roland get a full diagnostic on that ship as fast as humanly possible . ext , pipeline / mjolnir - cargo BAY - day 552 the hull door open and colt be the first out , a high beam flashlight attach to he lightning gun . morpheus quickly follow , scan the dark skeletal remain of the bomb blast . colt careful sir . they squid be sneaky bastard . could be a trap . morpheus nod , but be not listen . AK and mauser begin unload various piece of equipment . link hurry out with a lightning gun , try to guard morpheus . they pass one of the dead sentinel . cautiousiy , link step over to it and kick it when there be a loud bang . AK what be that ? mauser over there ! the light sweep towards another loud bang and find -- niobe . niobe you can put that shit away boy . all she need be a jump . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 43 . 552 ghost and spark crawl down from they hide spot , up in the tangle briar of debris . morpheus niobe . he seem , for a moment , catch between what he should do and what he want to do . niobe be you all right , morpheus ? morpheus what ? yes , = just -~ we be not sure what happen after , and I ... I be sorry . niobe no , it 's okay . I be happy to see you too . she smile at he awkwardness . niobe ( cont 'd ) do you get Neo out ? he 's surprised by the question . morpheus yes . how do you know about that ? niobe the Oracle . morpheus you see she ? niobe just before the sentinel find we . morpheus what -- what do she tell you ? niobe the same thing she always do . exactly what I need to hear . she head off for the ramp . ( ' 553 ° int . zion ~ council chamber - day 553 lock address the council . 553 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 44 . 553 lock in less than twelve hour the machine will breach the dock wall . in every simulation we have run , we have see that once the machine be inside the city , the odd of we survival decrease dramatically . the room be crowded but quiet , everyone intently follow the logic of lock . lock ( cont 'd ) thus cur primary objective must be to destroy or disable the digger inside the dock . if we can do that , perhaps we can prevent they from ever reach the city . he speak like a coroner , describe a cause of death , precise and without emotion . lock ( cont 'd ) if not , then the only place we will be able to mount a effective defense will be at the entrance of the Temple . it be small enough that it will force they into a bottleneck allow we to concentrate the remainder of we defense . tuchman Commander , what 's to stop the machine from tunneling straight into the Temple ? lock it appear to we that the digger be target the electrical activity of Zion . I do not think they be even aware that the Temple exist . dillard we understand that you have request additional volunteer . lock that be correct . west precisely what size force be you plan to commit to the primary dock objective . lock right now , the entire apu Corps and half the infantry . '' 553 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 45 . 553 west half the infantry ? lock if it be up to I , councillor I have take every man , woman and child , put a gun in they hand and march they straight into that dock . dillard perhaps it be best that it be not up to you . lock time will tell , councillor . hamman Commander , just one more question . have there be word of the nebuchadnezzar ? lock none and at this point there be no reason to expect there ever will be . hamman no Commander , but we can hope . lock I be afraid hope be a indulgence I do not have time for , int . zion - resident catwalk - day 554 the catwalk and platform be alive with activity , its inhabitant prepare for the impending siege . un a un int . zeon ~ link home - day Zee be alone fold a powdery mixture in a large teflon bowl . the table be strewn with strange tool as if she be baking a cake or fix a engine . she set the bowl next to a set of scale , look up as cas enter , carry several bag . the child be behind she . cas Zee what be you do ? zee make shell . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 46 . 555 * 555 cas they be evacuate we level . we have to go . zee I be not go with you . cas what ? zee they call fox volunteer to hold the dock . cas drop she bag . cas kid , you wait right there . she close the door and go to the table . cas ( cont 'd ) I know how you feel , Zee , but you can not do this . zee I have to . cas why ? bee because I love he , I love he same as he love I and if I be out there and he be here , I know what he have do . cas but you be go to get yourself kill . it 's crazy Zee . zee maybe it be , but ask yourself , if it be dozer and you know the only chance you have to see he again be to hold that dock , what would you do ? she look down consider what she would do to have dozer alive again . there be only one answer to the question . cas «-- make shelis . Zee hug she . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 47 . int . zion ~ dock — day 556 the kid shove a wheelbarrow with two crate of ammo from the apu support bunker . the front wheel bump over a tangle of power line and the kid lose control , tumble forward as the bin tip over . the box smash open with the bright metal chatter of endless string of bullet spilling out around the kid . mifune what the shit be go on over there ? kid a accident sir . I do not see -- I be sorry . mifune who in the hell be you ? kid unit volunteer , sir . mifune what 's a pod-born pencil - neck like you do volunteering for my Corps ? kid I want to do my part , sir . we have to hold the dock . mifune how old be you , kid ? kid eighteen . mifune scoff . mifune you should have say sixteen . I might have believe that . kid okay . I be sixteen . mifune minimum age for the Corps be eighteen . sixteen be too young . kid the Machine 's do not care how old I be . they will kill I just the same - ~ '' 8 561 562 ib lo goldenrod reviston JUNE 27 , 20c2 wo a I ghost now what ? int . mujolnir - mess halt ~- day £ 6 the captain and second of each ship be gather around the table . rcland the machine have take Junction twenty - one . the way I see it , if we drop down from broadcast here , intersect one~ - seventy , we might surprise they . there be a intricate map of the sewer line spread out on the table . roland ( cont 'd ) we will go first , hammer as deep as we can , then blow we emp . hopefully we can punch a hole big enough for you to get through . he lean back . roland ( cont 'd ) it be not pretty , but the way I see it , it 's the only way back . niobe no it be not . niobe 's be sit back until now . niobe ( cont 'd ) there 's another way . a support line . it drop dowr right here , at least a thousand meter short of twenty -one . if we be lucky , we may be able to slip down without they ever know . roland that 's a mechanical line . it 's impossible . no ome gan pilot mechanical . niobe I can . rcland bullshit . niobe I have do it . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 50 . 562 562 '' morpheus that be a long time ago , niobe and nowhere near this long a run . niobe i say I can do it . roland so what ? if you can , you be the only one that can . there 's no way we can follow you . the door suddenly ratchet open . they ali turn to find Neo stand in the doorway . they wait for he to speak . neo hi ... he look at morpheus . neo ( cont 'd ) I know time be always against we ... I be sorry that I take so long , but I want to be sure ... trinity sure of what ? neo I know what I have to do . morpheus what ? neo there be no easy way to say this , so I ‘li just say it . I have to take one of the ship . roland what ? morpheus to go where ? neo to the Machine city . be ) everyone be stunne for a moment try to figure out if they hear he right . goldenrod reviston JUNE 27 , 2002 41 . 562 562 grinity stare at he and he be unable to hide he thought from she . something unspoken pass between they . roland burst into laughter . nec ( cont 'd ) I know it 's difficult to understand - ~ roland no it 's not . you be out of you goddamn mind . neo I still have to go . roland you will never make it . in a hundred year not ship have be within a hundred kilometer of it . you will never make it . neg it nave to try . morpheus ts this what the Oracle tell you ? neo no. roland this be asinine . if you want to kill yourself , go do it . but do it without waste one cf we ship . neo you have to believe I . I have to ge . roland bullshit ! it be the Captain of this ship . I say where it have to go . and believe I , this ship will go to hell long before I let you take it anywhere . nicbe he can take mine . roland almost spit out he tongue . roland you can not do that — — 562 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 2 . 562 niobe do not even think about teliing I what I can and can not do with my ship after that little speech . roland but for christ 's sake , niobe -- niobe I will pilot this ship , Neo can take mine . if we leave inside the hour , we should reach Zion as the machine do , that plan sound as good as any . roland get up , leave in disgust . roland it 's a waste ! a goddamn waste ! morpheus be stare at niobe . niobe two ship . two direction . sound like providence , do not it morpheus ? morpheus you have never believe in the one . niobe I stili do not . morpheus then why be you do this ? niobe because I believe in he . Neo be not sure how to respond . neo ... thank you . int . logos - MAIN deck - night : 563 spark be at the operator 's station . ail the monitor be blank . SPARKS uplink in place . I be bring she back online . he lift a main switch and the monitor all flicker to life . i goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 53 . 563 SPARKS ( cont 'd ) lock good , except -- there be something wrong with the three central monitor where the matrix be view . the matrix code be glitch uncontrollably . SPARKS ( cont 'd ) what the -- he pound on the monitor . it do not help . SPARKS ( cont 'd ) there 's something wrong with the matrix feed . 64 int . mjolnir - MAIN deck ~ day 564 AK and link be stare at the same thing . AK no there 's not . you be look at what we be look at . SPARKS ( v.0 . ) what the hell be go on in there ? link whatever it be , it can not be good . 5 int . mjolnir - infirmary — day 565 bane be sit on the table . maggie be draw a serum into a hypodermic needle . bane what 's that for ? maggie to help you relax . to make it easier for you to remember . bane what if I do not want to remember ? maggie why would you want that ? bane what if I blow that emp ? what if I do destroy that ship and I be responsible for the death of all that man ? un a uy goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 tf I do that , then it would not be very safe for I here , would it ? he smile . maggie see something behind he eye that frighten she . 54 . 565 she try to stab he with the needle , but he 's ready for it . he catch she and leap off the table , drive she back against the wall . with snake - bite speed , he whip a hide scalpel from he sleeve and jam it into she heart . bane ( cont 'd ) of course , it might not be very safe for you either . int . mjolnir ~ bedroom - day Neo grab he tool and shoulder he bag . when he turn , trinity be stand in the door with she bag . trinity I be ready . neo trinity ... he drop he bag . neo ( cont 'd ) there 's something I have to say . something you need to understand ... she wait . neo ( cont 'd ) I know I be suppose to go , but beyond that ... I do not know ... I be not sure if ... he be unable to find the word , so she do . trinity I know , Neo . you do not think you be come back . he nod , surprised as always by she . trinity ( cont 'd ) I know it the moment you say you have to leave . 566 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 55 . 566 it see it in you face , just like you know the moment you look at I , that I be come with you . neo T be sear , trin . she drop she bag and step close to he . trinity so be I . it take I ten minute to buckle up one boot . but I will tell you something Neo , six hour ago I tell the merovingian I be ready to give anything and everything for you . he believe I . do you know what 's change in the last six hour ? neo no . trinity nothing . she kiss he and in the kiss there be a vow . trinity ( cont 'd ) now grab you bag and let 's go . 567 int . mjolnir - cockpit - day 567 they be prepare for take off . roland be on the radio . roland you finish load that ammunition ? int . logos - loading BAY ~ day 568 several crew member haul the last few box of ammunition . mauser just about , sir . roland ( v.0 . ) let 's move it . we be out of time . int . mjolnir ~ cockpit ~ day 569 niobe be in the pilot 's seat . neobe you be not leave they anything ? 570 571 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 56 . 569 roland he say they do not need it . int . mjolnir - loading BAY ~ day 570 morpheus and link be say goodbye to Neo and trinity . link iock a bear-hug on she . link ; I be not say goodbye . I be just say good luck . trinity thanks . he hide he tear as he turn away . morpheus be not sure what to say to Neo . morpheus I can only hope you know what you be do . neo I too . Neo offer he hand , as he do when they first meet . neo ( cont 'd ) it be a honor , sir . morpheus smile as he shake it . morpheus no , the honor be still mine . hauling they bag , Neo and trinity head down the ramp , disappear into the darkness of the pipe . int . mjolnir - cockpit ~ day 574 niobe , ghost and roland prepare for take - off . mauser { v.0 . ) we be ready , sir . roland about damn time . he look at niobe . roland ( cont 'd ) we be already late , so let 's hit it , Captain , and hit it hard . iu er a ss or usat goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 57 . s71 niobe look out one last time at she ship . niobe Goodbye baby . take good care of they . ext . pipeline ~ day 572 spastic string of electricity leap from the pad , as the mjolnir lift off the ground , spin and glide by leave the logo behind . int . logos ~ cockpit - day 573 Neo climb into the seat beside trinity . trinity ready ? he look out as the light from the mjolnir disappear around the corner of intersect pipe . he nod . she take hold of the stick when suddenly the light in the cockpit die . check several gauge , she listen to the ship 's engine . trinity ( cont 'd ) engine 's still fire . it must be a fuse . I 'il check it . int . logos - engineering room ~- day 574 the hatch slap open and trinity climb down the ladder , she fluorescent torch the only source of light . the room look like a dozen old basement be cramme into a crawl-space . trinity search the fuse box that line the wall and find a series of disconnect fuse when - — bane attack . her light clatter to the floor as he grab she from behind , press the scalpel against she throat . bane I should have know he would send he bitch first . trinity bane ?! s74 575 576 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 58 . 574 he dig the blade up under she jawbone , force she head back . bane no one ever get away from I as many time as you do . every single time T think it be the last , every time I be sure we have you , somehow you would slip through we finger . I really can not express just how aggravate that can be . prinity what be you talk about ? bane I think I might even enjoy kill you as much as kill he . at the mention of Neo , she eye fire with the intensity of a lion guard its cub . she grab the knife hand , fight it with all she strength as she scream throw they both backward crash to the floor . the two body writhe and twist , knotting and unknot until trinity slip free -- grabbing the light as he grab she . twist back , she smashes it into he face , pitching the voom into darkness except for the light that fall through the hatch . she lunge for the ladder , scramble up it as a shadow leap after she . int , logos - lower deck - day 575 she climb out the hatch just as bane snatch she foot , trip she . she slam to the floor , but as he rise up through the hatch , she kick he in the face -~- break he nose , the tread on she boot rip open he upper lip . clamber to she foot , she rush for the intercom . int . logos ~ cockpit ~- day 576 the intercom spit out she voice . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 59 . 576 trinity Neo ! it 's bane ! he ' 's psychotic ! she 's cut off , shoot Neo from he seat . int . logos - lower deck - day 577 bane bang trinity against the metal wall . stun , she fall to the floor and before she can recover , he kick she savagely in the rib , almost flipping she over . pain explode through she body , black spot burst in she vision . bane wipe the back of he hand across he shattered nose . bane you be go to pay for that . int . pipeline ~ day 578 the mjolnir leave a wake of static electricity like a race car lay down smoke and burnt rubber . int . mjolnir - cockpit ~ day 579 ghost study the monitor . ghost another twenty one kilometer . niobe nod as the intercom crackle on . AK ( v.0 . ) Captain ! Captain we get a emergency down here ! roland what be it , AK ? AK ( v.0 . ) it 's maggie , sir . she 's dead . murdered sir . I think it be bane . roland goddamnit ! he throw the handset down , jump up from he seat . 580 int . mjolnir - infirmary - day 580 a sheet be pull over the bloody body of maggie . 580 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 roland I know it ! I know he be out of he goddamn mind ! he fire that emp ! goddamnit , I should have beat it out of he ! colt hurry into the room . colt we searched the whole ship , Captain . he be not here . roland I know where he be . morpheus the logo . link we have get to go back . roland it 's too late . link you do not know that . what if they need help ? roland it 's too dangerous . link why ? morpheus because if he 's kill they , he will control another emp . roland at this point , they be on they own . just like we . link turn to morpheus , but morpheus know roland be right . int . logos ~- lower deck -— day weo climb down the ladder , sweeping the barrel of the lightning gun from shadow to shadow . neo trinity ! 60 . 580 581 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 61 . 581 trinity Neo ! bane yes , we be over here ! he hear he force she quiet . neo trinity ! he run through the heavy cable passageway that wind around the base of the core lead to the engineering hatch . bane stand just beyond the open floor hatch hold trinity , whose hand be tie behind she back . Neo charge forward , but stop when he see the scalpel point puncture the white skin of she expose throat . bane hello , Mr. Anderson . I see you be as predictable in this world , as you be in the other . neo what ? trinity he 's out of he mind . bane it might appear that way to you , but Mr. Anderson and I know that appearance can be deceive . a rush of something familiar flood Neo 's mind . bane ( cont 'd ) confused , Mr. Anderson ? it all all become clear in a moment . now , thank you for bring I the gun , you can set it down right there . prinity do not do it . the scalpel bite deeper . trinity ( cont 'd ) shoot , Neo . shoot now . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 581 bane yes , shoot . fry we . burn we alive . Neo be freeze . trinity do it . you have to . if you do not , he 'o kill we both . bane look at he . he know he should do it , but he will not . Neo raise the gun . trinity I tell you nothing 's change . nething . Neo brace himself to fire . bane he will not do it . he can not . trinity do it . he know what he should do . trinity ( cont 'd ) please . but he can not . he close he eye unable to kill the woman he love and throw down the gun . bane smile , bivwod cover the bo feast carnivore . neo let she go . bane back away . neo Drop the knife . bane Fair enough . 62 . 58l he drop it and it bounce , clatter down through the open hatch . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2062 63 . 581 bane ( cont 'd ) back away from the gun and turn around . Neo do . neo let she go . with one quick shove , bane throw trinity down the hatch as Neo spin back , catch a glimpse of she -- falling , scream as she crash to the metal floor below . both man dive for the gun , bane get there first , but Neo manage to grab the barrel . bane yank Neo off~balance , ramming he knee into he gut , then swing the gun around and club Neo over the head . Neo drop to he hand and knee , shaking off the blow , but when he look up , he find himself stare down the barrel of a gun . bane somehow familiar , be not it ? we have be here before , you and i? remember ? I do . I think of nolh else . int . logos - engineering room - day 582 trinity try to move ; everything hurt . she can hear they voice above she and as she roll over she see the scalpel glint in the light . int . logos - lower deck - day 583 bane stand over nec , blood still drip from he ruin face . neo who be you ? bane you still do not recognize I ? I admit it be difficult to even think encase in this rotting piece of meat , the stink of it fill every breath , a suffocating cloud you can not escape . mucus bubbles out of he mangle nose . 583 584 585 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 64 . 583 bane ( cont 'd ) look at this . disgusting . look at how pathetically fragile it be . any excuse and it begin to spew . he spit a clot of blood . bane ( cont 'd ) nothing this weak be mean to survive . int . logos ~ engineering room - day 584 trinity saw through the wire bind she wrist . close she mind to the pain , she push herself up and step towards the ladder , but as she do - ~ a pisce of glass from the break light crunch under she boot . she look up as bane look down . leap for the ladder , she see bane kick the hatch shut and as she be bury in darkness , she hear the wheel - lock snap into place . trinity no! Neo ! int . logos - lower deck - day 585 Neo start for he , but bane be toc far , the gun hold he in check . bane persistent be not she ? neo what do you want ? bane T want what you want . Neo can almost hear the voice of Smith . bane ( cont 'd ) yes , that 's it , Mr. Anderson . lock past the flesh , look through the soft gelatin of this dull cow eye and see you enemy . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 65 . int . logos - engineering room ~ day 586 in absolute darkness , trinity grope she way along the fuse poard , feel each one as if read braille . trinity Seven ... fourteen ... twenty -one ... int . logos ~ lower deck ~ day 587 Neo do not want to believe it . neo no ... bane smile , with he blood-slick tooth . bane oh yes , Mr. Anderson . neo it can not be . bane there be nowhere I can not go , there be nowhere I win not find you ... neo it 's impossible . bane wot impossible . inevitable . the word be like ice down he spine . bane ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , Mr. Anderson . bane raise the gun to fire as -- int . logos - engineering room ~ day 588 desperate , she finger lock onto a single fuse . trinity that 's it ... it 's get to be ... she yank the fuse . int . logos - lower deck ~ day 589 the light go out . 590 goldenrod reviston JUNE 27 , 2002 66 . 589 there be a window between the moment bane understand what happen and the moment he fire the gun . it be a window that be only a fraction of a second wide -- but that be wide enough . the lightning bolt slashes open the darkness , a sizzling ball of electricity that burst against the ground where Neo have be , but be no longer . in the strobing light of the gun , Neo lunge for bane , diving into he , collide with the gun that continue to fire - ~ raking up the wall , sever cable that shower the darkness with star-bursting spark light . Neo tackle bane , drive into he , toppling he backward , until they both crash to the ground -- the gun bounce free . the two man merge into a single writhe shadow , limb flail wildly as they fight to separate . go be the grace and precision of fight in the matrix ; Neo swing he fist like a club , bludgeon it against bane 's skuli -- each blow lay open the flesh cover he knuckle , while send shiver of pain shoot up he forearm . the fight be violent and chaotic ; two dog search for the other 's neck - ~ Neo find it first , he hand clamping like jaw onto bane 's throat . he lean into it , with all he might , try to crush he windpipe . bane thrashes madly , eye bulg , until - - his hand seize hold of a snake black cable , its end hiss , spitting ember like a roman candle . he jam it straight into Neo ' 's face , send he scream backwards . int . logos ~ engineering room ~ day 590 the terrifying scream almost stop she heart . trinity oh no . ' 1 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 67 . int . logos ~ lower deck -— day 531 Neo be badly burn , a slash of white blister flesh across both eye . bane scurries away , grab the nearest weapon he see : a thick piece of pipe Neo spin toward the sound and bane freeze , realize two thing at once : the gun be at Neo 's foot , but he can not see it . Neo be blind . bane laugh as Neo try to find he bearing , step away from the gun . bane I wish you could see yourself , Mr. Anderson . bane lead Neo further away , he voice luring he into the main chamber . bane ( cont 'd ) a blind messiah . he slowly feel he way towards he , but as bane move Neo seem to lose he for a moment . bane ( cont 'd ) a symbol for you kind . helpless . pathetic . bane circle back , he grip tightening on the pipe . bane ( cont ' D} dust wait to be put out of you misery . raising the pipe , he swing it like a bat , but just as it 's about to cave in Neo 's head -- Neo duck . bane blink in disbelief , immediately swinging again , but Neo catch hold of he wrist . bane be again surprised as Neo lean in , he ruin eye look at bane or more accurately , lock into he as ~ - 591 592 593 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 68 . 591 we see what Neo see : a world of total darkness , except for the pale glow specter of agent Smith , like a ghost make of phosphorescent light , he sunglass like the dark socket of a skull . neo I can see you . Smith 's face slacken with fear as Neo attack -- twist bane 's arm , snap it violently as bane howl . Neo spin the pipe , jam the end into bane 's gut , drop he to the ground . bane look up , the white of he eye bright against he blood - wet face . bane it 's not over , Mr. Anderson . the ghost of Smith also look up at he . smith it 's not over . Neo bring the pipe down , bashing in bane 's skull as -- the ghost head explode , the entire skein of Smith burst apart like a balloon , particle of light rush up and away as if a fierce wind blow through a bonfire . in one world , Neo stand over bane 's lifeless body . in another world , Neo stand alone , in total darkness . int , logos ~ engineering room —- day $ 92 the wheel - lock snap open and light stream into the darkness as Neo open the hatch . trinity Neo . she rush up the ladder , int . logos - lower deck ~ day 593 immediately she see the wound , realize as she do that he can not see she . trinity oh no ... Neo ... goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 69 . he feel she finger on he face . trinity ( cont 'd ) you eye ... neo T all be okay . trinity nec ... she shut she eye hold he . nec it 's all right , trin . but I think you be gonna have to drive . he feel she smile against he cheek . neo ( cont 'd ) come on . help I . int . zion - command CENTER ~ night 5g in the world of the monitor , the digger steadily blip , inching they way towards Zion . in the real world , the network of cave be vibrate , dust drizzle down onto the officer and they equipment . Commander lock sit gravely at the helm . lieutenant seismic be project twenty - two minute to breach . . lock study the screen . lock they can not know we do not have a emp . they 's 11 have tc attack in wave . concentrate we offense on the digger . order the apus into position . lieutenant yes siz . ps int . zion - core - night 53 the cliff side cf Zion shudder , the abandon hevel and catwalk ringing under the approach storm . : 596 597 598 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 70 . int . zion - exterior temple entrance - night 596 cas be lead she child into the Temple . int , zion — defense duct ~ right 597 huddied in the defense duct , a group of ground troops wait , eye wide , the tiny passage fill with white noise . amongst the soldier , Zee crouch , the pound in she heart rise with the sound of the digger . charra , she artillery partner , be check the handmade bazooka . zee you scared , charra ? charra shit yeah . but I ' 1ll make you a deal ; you keep load , I will keep shoot . she hold out she hand and Zee take it . zeee deal . int . zion —- dock ~ night 598 the kid be thread a massive bandolier into one of the gun on a armore personal unit ; a walk anti-aircraft machine , its twin bipedal gun jutting from hulk shoulder . he slap down the lid on one of the apu ''s now full ammo bin and look up at mifune . rid take care , sir . mifune nod and the kid jump down hefting one end of a huge wheelbarrow and push it quickly away down a heavy catwalk . mifune address the Corps , they face aglow in the blue light of they apu 's instrument panel . mifune all right , this be it . you all know I . I do not make speech , so I will just say this as simple as I can . if it 's we time to die , it 's we time . all I ask be if we have to give this bastard we life , we give they hell before we do . corpsmen lock and load ! goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , z0c2 71 . int . pipeline ~ night 539 the mjolnir creep along , its pad at a minimum , drop like a feather into the mainline . int . mjolnir - cockpit - night 669 almost everyone be squeeze into the cockpit . the hologram show the massive artery clogge entirely by the Machine army . AK Holy christ would you look at that . roland quiet . how far to the open ? ghost one point four kilometer . morpheus we be still generate too hot a field . niobe ghost , kill all auxiliary system . give I full manual and drop down to four pad . AK it will bottom out ! niobe if we can just get close enough ... | ghost 's finger fly over the console , as the light die in the cockpit , almost every monitor blink off . ext . mjolnir - niget 601 11 but four pad shut down as the mjolnir sink glide like '' @ flounder over the séwer bottom . = int . mjolnir - cockpit ~ night 602 ghost watch as they near the mechanical line . ghost one kilometer . not ship creep down the pipeline . niobe easy baby . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 72 . 602 602 @ ghost Seven hundred meter ... six hundred . AK there ! they can see the dark open , but a section of the tunnel root have collapse in front of it . niobe 's grip tighten and she bank the ship try to slip over the fall debris , but it scrape against a jag , metal outcropping create a terrible noise . niobe shit ! 603 int . pipeline ~ night 603 several sentinel react to the sound , dish snap open . 604 int . mjolnir - cockpit - night 604 ghost see a group of sentinel on he monitor break from the main army . ghost jig 's up . here they come . niobe damnit ! full power ! full system ! roland man the gun turret ! every goddamn one of they . niobe ghost you be the best gunner we have ! go with they ! _ ghost you need help . niobe morpheus , take he place . 605 inp . zion ~ dock ~ night --laager positioning 605 the seismic roar have reach a fevere pitch . mifune be strapped into the war machine . he tap the safety eo and he two cannon whir then lock into a boxer 's defensive pose , the other machine snap into the same position in unison . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 73 , 6c5 at the top of the dome a spiderweb fracture begin to form . cne of the ssure begin to widen and we race along it as it zig - zag over the super narden steel - crete , puzzle piece shard plummete tc the dock flocr . suddenly the nose of the digger puncture the roof , @ woairl white - hot tornado of tooth . the roof seizure as the earth | lightning clap the cil tanker - raining strand of gobby magma -- 's cleave open and with a ed Machine break through free fall in the open space above the dock -- landing in a deafen metal rerding comet crash . int . zion ~ command CENTER - night 606 alarm scream while lock stand against a tide of rise panic . first operator breach ! the dock be breach ! lock infantry ! gol - int . zion - defense duct - kight 607 a scout turn , half of he face mask by a faceplate of monitor and motion to a cluster of scldier . ~ scout go! gc! take out its leg ! the soldier heft they weapon racing up inclined access branch . '' int . zion - dock — night 508 the mifune and the other apu 's look down at digger 1 then up to the digger hole . they know what 's ccming . smoke hiss off of the cone of the digger , as it sit half embed in the crinkle dock floor like a undetonate missile . mifune to gu stablishes human control ovex the apu and the prelude up position . duck and goo. position in a side of mifune , move n of the sentinel swarm . oo gun up 608 609 goldenrod revision renumber - now sc 618f goldenrod re 608 renumber - now sc 618a 610 renumber - now sc 618m éll int . zion - command CENTER ~ night 612 the first Operator spin from the mass of oncoming white blip . first operator fight second to first wave . int . zion - dock - night - cherry blossom 613 the apus be strategically place to crossfire into the open . mifune dig in ! each corpsman fire they apu 's metal support claw , which gouge into the ground to brace against the gun 's incredible recoil . ent . zion - termite tunnel - night € 14 a rush sentinel p.o.v. , the black glass shaft ) flicker psychedelically . at the end of the tunnel the encrance to Zion 's docking bay be a widen pinprick . 615 616 617 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 75 . int . zion - dock ~ night 615 a deep ancestral war cry well up from mifune 's gut . mipune por Zion ! the other corpsman scream with he as the first wave hit . a biblical black swarm . gout of flame flash instantly from the apus , line of hot armor plece tracer round snake and snap through the aix like huge metal whip . stray bullet tear huge trenches in the wall and ceiling , cause a avalanche of debris to rain onto the dock floor . the cloud of sentinel spread like a unending oil slick , but a trickle of they slip past the crossfire and begin to attack . under the fire fight , the digger rise into the air like a guillotine and slowly it begin to turn . renumber - now sc 618m 616 renumber ~ now sc 619b 617 618 618a 618b 618c 618d 6185 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 76 . int . zion - dock - night - sentinel swarm 618 the air be thick with machine as they continue to pour in , red laser line dissect the air into a patchwork pattern of stain glass . the gun - barrel of the apus glow like hot ulcer , as they throw a pulverize barrage against the Machine army . fat round crush dent in the sentinel armor cleave through they tentacles spread like talon but - — they be everywhere . a pair of ground trooper be cut down as they run from a pounce sentinel , its laser slice through they like a band see . int : dock ~- night - digger # 1 leg shot off 618a grind back to life , hulk crane leg unfold from the Machine 's abdomen and it slowly begin to lift itself from its crater , nose down . under the fire fight , the digger rise into the air like a guillotine and slowly it begin to turn .. debris fall from the hole overhead like snow . it 's leg expand outward . int : upper level service channel — night 618b bazooka team # 3 get into position . they load and fire the bazooka 's int : foxhole - night 618c bazooka team # 2 load & fire int : foxhole - other - night 618d as the digger rise . bazooka team 1 enter fg to prepare fire the bazooka . sentinel swarm around close to the digger , protect it , intercept rocket int : dock - night 618e the digger rise and plant all four leg . sentinel swarm around close to the digger , protect it , intercept rocket . artillery explode all around it . 618f 6186 618h 6187 618k 618m 618n goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 76aa . int . zton - foxhole — night 618f * a hatch flip up and Zee and charra roli out , as a steady * barrage of artillery be hurl against the Machine by the * entrench infantry . * charra shoulder the fat double barrel bazooka aim it at * one of the digger 's kneecap , * int : dock -— night 6186 * digger 1 's drill begin to spin . the cone be start to * rotate . it begin to tear through tunnel pipe . * int . zion - defense duct - night 6188 * several soldier scatter as the point of the digger bore * inte the duct shredd through it like paper . * int : foxhole - other - night 618d * Zee load two oll - can round and hit charra on the shoulder . x she fire . the two heavy projectile streak toward they mark , cotton candy strand of heat and smoke in they wake ~- * int : dock -— night 618k * charra 's & Zee 's rocket hit the digger 1 's knee . it break . aot but the digger begin to rebalance . * int . foxhole ~ night 618m Zee start to reload but stop , look up as the metal cavern be fill with the rise mechanize locust scream of the sentinel army . Zee pat charra again and she fire , the two shell this time explode uselessly against the armored plate of the digger . charra shit , we need a better angle . they climb back down into the duct . int . zion - command CENTER - night 618 no lock study the data flow across the monitor window . first operator four apus down . two disabled , 619 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 76ab . 618n lock countermeasure ! release countermeasure ! - 918p int . zion - dock - night 618p the air be thick with machine as they continue to pour in , red laser line dissect the air into a patchwork pattern of stain glass . mifune back to back ! Goose and duck spin fire in all direction . the gun - barrel of the apus glow like hot ulcer , as they throw a pulverize barrage against the Machine army . fat round crush dent in the sentinel armor cleave through they tentacles spread like talon but -- they be everywhere . a pair of ground trooper be cut down as they run from a pounce sentinel , its laser slice through they like a band see . : int . zion ~ bunker - night 619 the kid wait at he wheelbarrow , the sound of the battle ringing against the wall of the bunker when the huge reinforce metal door open , another reloading team hurry back inside . one of they be cradling he bloody , laser - lacerate shoulder . a sentinel leap at the open door before the bunker sentry can close it . as it pounce to the open , the nearest apu ring out and cut the Machine in two . the kid swallow hard as the door slam shut . flanke by a gunnery escort , the kid run , push he ammo bin out onto the dock floor , red laser - lightning crackle above he . CUT to : goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 76ac . 619a int : dock ~ sentinel linebacker - night 619 k 619b 620 621 sentinel fly around the dock , towards mifune , duck and Goose . hero sentinel dive take out Goose , wrapping it 's tentacles around he , drag he over the edge of the catwalk . Goose fall to he death . int . zion - defense duct - night - tunnel crash 6198 a small group of soldier run in a half crouch along the duct , shock - wave shaking the alloy wall . a scout point down a branching duct . scour keep move . do not let they lock down you position . as Zee and charra split off , the roof cave in behind they , a fall sentinel carcass and goose apu crater the dock floor . renumber ~ now sc 6181 620 int . zion - dock ~ night 621 huge louver vent snap open , form a halo around the top of the dock cavern . * oe of oe + 621 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 76a . 621 as they exhaust fan begin to churn , the gust carry a swirl chromium particle cloud that begin to engulf the dock . a sentinel unit swoops down through the cloud for another pass at the apus . but as they laser light up — goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 77 . 621 621 they be suddenly refracted off of the dust , splintering into chaotic vectore tangles . i the stray beam cut through the armored belly and limb of the machine some even reflect back into the laser 's source , result in overload explosion . the digger , now at full boring speed , lower itself into the dock floor , its tooth - cover cone whirring like a turbine , chew into the ground with the shriek of torture metal . 622 renumber ~ now 618h 622 * 623 int . zion - command CENTER - night 623 lock can hear the digger above they . lock where in the hell 's my infantry ?! I want that goddamn machine take down ! 623a int : dock ~ sentinel attack tower ~ night 623a * sentinel form a '' * mini-snake '' around the Tower . the tower gun * destroy it . * 6238 int : dock ~ hand of GOD - night 623b * Hand of God curl back and under itself . it approach the * Tower - ramming directly into Gate Control . the crane be * rip from the roof , toppling down through the dock ... * the light go out !!! ( board zus0683 ) * 623c int : defense duct - night 623 '' * the crane smashes through the roof , destroy everything . * 624 int . zion - dock floor - night 624 Zee and charra race along shaking tunnel towards the hatch . * charra pop up from one of the sub defense duct , Zee feed the bazooka . sentinel react to they and rush to defend the digger , as charra shoulder and aim she weapon . charra dig this . she fire ; she aim be true and the rocket explode against the leg of the digger . bes 625 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 77b . 624 the joint shatter , the Machine twist loose , unable to support itself as it spin from its moor , toppling like a great crippled beast - —- landing with a deafen crunch . int . zion - command CENTER ~ night 625 a small cheer pass through Control , lock clenching he fist , until the seismic alarm sound . first operator bogy two and three at the breach point ! lock goddamnit ! 627 628 629 630 631 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 78 . int . zion — dock - night - digger two fall 626 the dock tremble , the entire dome ceiling shatter like tempere glass as it tear open , give birth to not one , but two digger . mifune can only watch as the monster land with a morale - squashing crash . int . mjolnir - cockpit ~ night 627 nicbe pound down the pedal as the mjclinir reach full power . morpheus here they come . int . pipeline - night 628 a swarm of sentinel fill the end of the tunnel like the spray of a twelve gauge . int . mjolnir ~ gunnery bay - nigat 629 phe crew of the mjclnir scramble to they battle station , colt motion link into one of the stern underside gunpit . link 's finger fly over the control , the head up display quickly come online . he take Zee 's necklace , wrap it around he trigger hand then kiss it . link I be come baby . 620 int . pipeline ~ night the open of the mechanical line widen directly in between they . the charge sentinel open fire , laser skewer the darkness . int . mjolnir - gunnery bay - night 631 roland see how clase the mechanical intersection be . roland slow down ! this be not the logo . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 79 . int . miclnir - cockpit - night 632 niobe increase they gpeed . niobe . hang onto you lunch , roland . here we go . morpheus fifty meter ... the ship lurch up , curling into the air , roll over into a back -dive , even as the sentinel laser carve into its armored underbelly . int . mjolnir ~ gunnery bay - night 632 roland be almost drop onto he head . roland Holy christ ! I do not know this ship could do that ! int . mechanical tributary ~ night 634 the '' Hammer '' explode through a veil of detritus that hang from the pipe like swamp moss . behind they the more nimble sentinel easily follow . int . mjolnir ~ gunnery bay - night 635 colt scream over the intercom . colt let 's heat ‘em up ! int . mechanical tributary ~ night 636 the mjolnir gun turret unleash a fury of heavy metal fill theix wake with anti-aircraft fire . ahead , there be several collapse cross -pipe wedge in they path like fall tree trunk . int . mjolnir - cockpit - night 637 niobe try to duck down through they , but the ship bottom out with a explosion of spark and arcing electricity . niobe shit , she 's get a fat ass ! 638 639 640 641 642 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 80 . int . mechanical tributary — night 638 the sentinel nip at the hind quarter of the mjolnir like a pack of hungry wolf . a laser lick the edge of one of the rear pad and the mjolnir fishtail scraping against the conduit-line wall . int . mjolnir - cockpit — night 639 the muscle in niobe 's forearm be a bulge of thick cable as she fight to steady the ship . niobe keep ‘em off meet int . mjolnir — gunnery bay - night 640 a sentinel leap onto the back of the hull . roland there 's a shit-storm of they ! he swing he gun spray at it , cut through its tentacles . the severe limb be a flash of mangle circuitry and silicon gristle as the sentinel cartwheel into oblivion . link saw he turret back and forth carve through the attack and growl . int . mechanical tributary - night 641 a sentinel lead a chain of they , swoop onto the ship cluster around a large antenna . int . miolnir —- gunnery bay - night 642 mauser see they first . mauser Captain , you see that ? roland they be after the radio . stop they ! ghost have the best angle , swinging he turret around , target the sentinel as they sink they laser into the scale metal flesh , feast on the expose electrical innard . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 81 . 642 he fire just as they slice through the support beneath the antenna . a heavy barrage of bullet batter the lead sentinel but before it die , it rip the antenna like a tooth be tear root and all from a bloody gum . roland ( cont 'd ) damnit ! int . zion - dock ~ night 643 digger 2 break through the bridge and continue it 's fall . it crash onto the dock floor . ext . zion - upper level service channel ~ night 643k a small circular hatch door open with a cough of smoke as charra and Zee climb up into a long thin channel run between the pipeline . 643a goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 8la . 643a on hand and knee , they move forward towards the thin gap create by the two major pipe run overhead . the pipe elbow down create the edge of a '' waterfall '' that flow from the upper level to the lower dock floor . Zee hold charra by the belt as charra squeeze out between the two major pipe and peer over the edge . below she , the digger that have crash through one of the bridge that stand beneath she , fold in its leg as it begin to drill into the dock floor . charra just give I one clean shot ... the protective school of sentinel seem to open for a moment and she fire , the twin shell slip through , find the bull - eye of the molten center of the digger 's core exhaust . the missile hit start a chain - reaction that end with the sink digger explode -- concrete and metal shrapnel erupting like a volcano as a4 section of the dock floor be demolish . the sentinel scream as though they be hit , immediately swarm after Zee and charra who scurry back into the tight channel -- sentinel swarm above they , landing with the crash din of metal to metal as they jam they tentacles into the thin run channel between the pipe . Zee and charra race for the open hatch , dodging and diving between the stabbing tentacles with a mount sense of impossibility that rise until - — - a claw cleave the calf of charra , pin she in place . she scream just as Zee reach the open hatch . Zee can only watch as another tentacle stab through charra 's stomach , impale / eucsert she . zee charra ! goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 82 . 44 int . zion ~ command CENTER ~ night 644 on the periphery of a radar screen , a missile shape cone appear trail by a series of hot glow dot . second operator Commander lock ! I get income ! lock we get a dock - full of income ! second operator six , yes sir . but this be different sir . lock what ? lock move behind the operator . second operator I think it 's one of ours , sir . lock that 's impossible . second operator holographics be try to confirm , sir . lock study the white blip . lock contact they . ask for access code . second operator we be try , sir . there 's no response . lock it 's a trick . that 's not one of ours . it can not be . that 's a mechanical line . no one can pilot mechanical . 645 int . mjolnir - cockpit - night 645 like hell . the mjoinir plummet through the macaroni corkscrews , bounce against its magnetic cushion as it bank into ninety degree elbow . niobe be in a trance , the zone , hand and foot operate independently , she body perch like a jockey , move in perfect unison with the thunder thoroughbre between she leg . 645 646 647 648 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 83 . 645 niobe forward aft , thirty degree at eighty percent . lower starboard , sixty degree at twenty percent . morpheus fly over the pad control as he try to keep up . morpheus thirty degree , eighty . sixty degree , twenty . the ship swerve , its back end fishtail into the curve wall of conduit with the spark - light screech of metal on metal . niobe come on ! keep up ! morpheus I be try . int . mechanical tributary - night 646 as the over-size hovercraft weave with incongruous agility , a sentinel rear up from pursuit . it hang in the air as the rest of the pack rocket past . one of its limb whip forward and its satellite dish snap open . int . zion - dock - night 647 up in the shattered dome of the dock , a series of sentinel receive the message , they disc fan open . in unison , they strike , diving down past mifune , converge on the humongous turbine which control Gate one . int . zion - command CENTER ~ night 648 the first Operator receive the report from the virtual system . first operator Sir , holographic confirm ! it 's the Hammer , sirt lock how can that be ? goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 683a . 648 first operator the ship be under attack , sustain heavy damage . 648 649 650 651 652 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 20602 84 . 648 but at its present velocity , it will reach Gate one in twelve minute . lieutenant Sir , they emp could take out every sentinel up there . lock it will take out more than that . it will wipe out we entire defense system . we blow a emp inside there , we will lose the dock . lieutenant Sir , we have already lose the dock . lock analyze the probable chain - ~reaction like someone try to avoid a inevitable checkmate . lock open the gate . int . zion - dock - night 649 the sentinel have tear into the mechanical gut at the base of the gate , steam gush from crippling wound . the surround sentinel , include that attack mifune , join the frenzy . mifune realise the sentinel plan . int , zion - gate control ~ night 650 the controller shout into he headset , sentinels clump around the tower like fly on a corpse . gate operation Gate one be not respond , commande . int . zion - command CENTER - night 651 Gate Operations 's voice crackle over the intercom . gate operation ( v.0 . ) the system have take critical damage , sir ! they have lose control ! they can not open it ! int . mechanical tributary ~- night 652 huge clump of sentinel cling to the mjolnir chew through its armor , try to cripple its propulsion system . ( 652 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 84a . 652 the ship blast forward like a mad die animal , banking and roll through the intestine tangle of service tunnel . for every sentinel the mjolnir 's gun turret knock down , two more take its place . 653 654 655 656 goldenrod reviston JUNE 27 , 2002 85 . int . mjolnir - gunnery bay - night 653 Zee 's necklace cut deep into link 's fist as he squeeze the gun turret control , a whirling fury . link mauser watch it ! mauser swing the turret in a frantic circle . mauser Jesus , there 's too many of they ! on he monitor we see a sentinel break through the crossfire leaping at mauser 's turret . link mauser ! Fire and spark suddenly ejaculate from mauser 's control arcing around the gunpit . mauser scream . int . zion - dock - night - vista of destruction 654 the dock be completely over run . the thunder of the digger boring into the dock floor be deafen . the apu Corps have be break and be now fight for they life in scattered location . mifune 's recoil support release as he retreat from the unrelent swell of sentinel above he . his leave gun whir empty and he scream into he headset . mifune reload ! int . zion —- bunker — night 655 apu support throw open the door . radioman gol the kid heft the wheelbarrow load with two ammo crate and shove it forward . two soldier flank he , guard he with lightning gun as they race across the catwalk toward mifune . int . zion ~ command CENTER ~ night 656 lock survey the screen , he mind scramble . 657 658 659 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 86 . 656 first operator they be one thousand meter from the mainline . lock how many apus be operational ? lieutenant thirteen sir . lock get I the one close to Gate one . int . mjolnir ~ cockpit - night 657 niobe be drench in sweat . every muscle as teach as a violin string vibrate under the saw strain of the fast ~ twitch chase . morpheus see the open of the mechanical tributary lead into 's the mainline . morpheus there 's the exit . niobe on my mark . throw full power at ninety degree to lower leave starboard . morpheus one hundred percent , ninety degree . int . mechanical tributary - night 658 the ship dive 's down toward the intersection , as the swarm of sentinel attack with desperation , several of they sacrifice themselves to the hailstorm of bullet . int . mjolnir - cockpit - night 653 the open widen , as the ship spit through , nose -dive straight down -- niobe now ! morpheus crank back on the pad control and the ship seem to bounce against a cushion of lightning -- arcing wave of electrical overflow wash out from the front pad -- pitch the ship into a shudder spiral . 659 660 661 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 87 . 659 niobe ( cont 'd ) hold on baby ! hold ont ! every nut and bolt vibrate under the strain as the ship seem ready to burst apart , skim up and around the walis of the mainline -- until finally it buoy up and rocket forward . roland ( v.o. ) goddamn woman you can drive ! niobe we be not home yet . what about the gate ? morpheus sentinel be inside the dock . niobe be we too late ? int . zion - command CENTER ~ night 660 lock clutches the radio handset . lock Captain , do you understand ? over . there be a hiss burst of static . lock ( cont 'd ) mifune , I repeat , do you understand ?! over ! , mifune ( v.0 . ) you dumb ff ... you do not know what ... the rest of he response be drown by the report of he apu 's massive gun . int . zion - dock - night - reloading mifune 66l mifune fire straight into the face of a attack sentinel . he be unable to hear he radio as a deluge of sentinel pour down onto he and he support unit . the crackle of lightning gun white out the ringing clatter of heavy caliber weapon be load . cord of muscle bulge in mifune 's neck , he face twisted in a snarl as a invert sea of black metal churn above he . his dual repeat cannon chop at the sky whirring as -- 661 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 88 . 661 a sentinel snake circle above he . mifune eject the empty ammo cartridge . the kid stand by to reload sentinel be poise to attack the kid , he be protect by he gunnery escort until one of they be take out . the kid reload , but the ammo cartridge get stick the kid-climb the back of the apu and kick it into position . mifune look up to see the sentinel snake scream towards he . he fire at the '' snake '' hammerhead but he be no match against the raging sentinel blast straight into the warrior 's chest , the force of the sentinel '' snake '' rip the support claw from the catwalk , toppling the apu onto its back , hurl the kid onto the catwalk . mifune scream as the sentinel maul he , tentacles rip apart ' this flesh like meat be gouge from a lobster tail . the kid scramble to he foot kid no ! the sentinel whirl around , cover in the Captain 's gore , its metal mandible slick with blood . the kid fire , the bolt like a jag spear of light , puncture the sentinel 's armor , tear out its back in a eggerton apple-burst . the kid rush to he Captain . kid ( cont 'd ) Captain mifunel mifune spit a clump of wad blood , as the kid help he from he harness . mifune they be come ... the Hammer . kid what ? goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , mifune you have to open that gate ... cut the counter weight ... 2002 88a . 661 663 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 89 . 661 he grab the kid 's collar , the last of he life seeping out of he . mifune ( cont 'd ) you can do it ... hurry ... not much time . kid Captain , I do not finish the training program . mifune smile , he tooth bright with he own blood . mifune neither do I ... scene 662 omitted int . MAIN line ~ night 663 a pad ignites in a blowout , spitting electric fire and spew stream of black smoke , as the ship slide side to side - ~ bottome out , throw a plume of spark like a car with only three wheel . 664 665 666 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 90 . int . mjolnir ~ gunnery bay -— night 664 roland 's target monitor be cross - cut with line of static . roland we will not make it ! ent . mujolnir ~ cockpit ~ night 665 niobe strain at the wheel , fight the tooth rattling turbulence for control . roland ( v.0 . ) we have get to blow the emp now ! morpheus look at niobe . ' niobe come on . someone . please int . zion - dock ~ night 666 Close on the leg of a apu as its recoil support stab into the ground . the kid punch a command and the leave leg support also dig into the dock floor . the kid manipulate the control as if by memory , finger fly over button that cause the apu 's monitor and exoskeleton to close in around he , like a luxury car seat adjust . kid keep you weight forward . let the machine do the work . he mutter the operate instruction ingrain in he mind from thousand of virtual hour of combat drill . in one motion the apu groan from its indent rest place and be on its foot . the anchor retract , snap out of the ground . kid ( cont 'd ) unlock you anchor . now - — 667 668 668a goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 91 . 666 he see the heavy cable twice as thick as he head , attach to two storey of counterweight kid ( cont 'd ) Light as a feather . Light as a feather . the mechanize behemoth sprint up the incline toward the gate , a hulk gazelle . int . zion - command CENTER - night 667 i the system analyst see the Hammer fall . system analyst Three minute , sir . lieutenant commander , holographic report , Captain mifune 's apu be up and move to Gate one . New hope . int . zion - dock - night 668 a group of sentinel race down to the kid , the leader erash down in front of he . kid do not over squeeze the trigger . a fury shoot from the apu cannon mutilate the sentinel hide like tinfoil . int . zion control 668a lock stand between the onrush force . second operator Sir , the Hammer 's come fast . lieutenant Captain mifune 's apu have just reach Gate one . lock how much time ? second operator Three minute , three second to impact . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 91a . 668a lock grab the transmitter . lock Captain mifune , do you copy ? first operator I think he radio be down , sir . lock mifune , this be lock. 668b int . punnel 6685 body be strewn throughout the tunnel . the sound of clatter sentinel and the scream of man and woman be hear echoing throughout the pipe . a pair of boot stop beside a dead man 's radio . lock ( v.0 . ) Zt do not know if you can hear I but if you can the Hammer be three minute away . Zee pick up the radio . lock ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you have three minute , Captain , to get that gate open . she look up and a part of she can feel he come . zee link . Zee grab a lightning gun and sprint away . scene 670 6718 672 673 674 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 92 . int . mjolnir - gunnery bay - nigat 670 link climb from the smoke that ooze from the lower gunpit , cough and guard he rib , while ghost pull a wounded roland from he seat . roland get to the Main deck ! charge the emp ! int . zion - dock - night 671 the kid with a clean line of sight at the weight cable take aim just as -- another sentinel wrap up he apu from behind , its tentacles snake around its leg squeezing like a boa constrictor cause -- the apu to pitch forward crash to the ground in a thunder belly - ~flop . the sentinel rise up , like a animal poise to sink its tooth into the expose jugular of its prey , when -- the white hot bolt of a lightning gun blast through its back . the sentinel , wounded , spin in time to see Zee level the gun and fire again -- the bolt , brilliantly white in the dark dock , jab into the sentinel like a meat hook and drive the spastic , flail machine up until its eye burst open and it die . zee do it , kid . scene 672 omitted 672 int . mjolnir - MAIN deck — night 673 the shattered Main deck be aglow in a raging electrical fire . link sit in the operator 's chair . link emp charge and ready . int . zion - dock ~ night 674 the kid see the cable still in he fritzing target monitor . with a mighty heave , he lift aim the apu 's cannon , 674 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 92a . 674 rid I believe , Neo . he fire . the burst cleave through the braid alloy , the counterweight fall - ~ Towing the right half of the gate along its steel channel , grind as it open . 675 676 677 678 679 680 681 682 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 int . zion ~ command CENTER - night the first Operator spin from he monitor . first operator he do it , sir ! ine . MAIN line - night the leave side of the door creep open . int . mjolnir - cockpit ~ night niobe wrestle the steering collum with all she might -- morpheus can we make it ? niobe we do not come this far ... int . MAIN line - night 93. 675 676 677 678 she pitch the ship shoulder downward , drive it into the sewer bottom , pour on the thruster . the mjolnir shudder venerably as it bounce against the tunnel , twist sideways as it ~- aim at the crack gate . int . mjolnir - MAIN deck - night link sit at the operator 's chair grip the necklace . link almost there . almost there ... scene 680 omitted int . mjolnir ~ cockpit - night the cockpit shake spastically , as morpheus hit the collision alarm . int . zion - dock — night all at once , the sentinel begin to flee en masse -- 679 680 681 682 682 683 684 685 686 687 688 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 94 . 682 a bottleneck of black , form at the digger tunnel , while -- int . zion - command CENTER - night 683 the virtual soldier scramble to jack out of they system . int . zion ~ dock - night 684 the mjolnir plow through the open gate -- armor plate and landing gear shearing from its hull as it are into the dock . int . mjolnir - cockpit - night 685 morpheus scream . morpheus burn it , link ! int . mjolnir ~ MAIN deck - night 686 link crank the detonator . int . zion ~ dock - night 687 the docking bay be fill with a wave a white , emp light - even as the mjolnir crash into the bay platform in a cacophonous roar -- all electrical system die . and as the mjolnir shriek to a skid stop - ~ another sound begin to rise ; the thunder downpour of dead sentinel . they flow from the jet glass tunnel like water from a spigot , until - - at last it be over . as the echoing roll away like a fade storm , the soldier of Zion begin to crawl from the defense labyrinth and fall apus , they bloody face freeze in disbelief . int . zion —- command CENTER - night 688 the control room wall ring with jubilation . 689 690 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 int . mjolnir ~ cockpit - night morpheus lower himself down from he now perpendicular hang chair , offer a hand down to niobe . morpheus you do it . niobe no , we do it . morpheus you be a hell of a pilot . niobe some thing in this world never change . he smile . morpheus but some thing do ? she smile . niobe yes. luckily . some thing do . int . zion - dock ~ night $ 5 . 690 in the silence , a door fall from its hinge along the ship 's back , the crew of the mjolnir climb out . as colt help roland from the open , link stagger past they onto the dock floor . zee link ! link Zee ! they push through the soldier gather on the catwalk surround the crash ship , until they fall into each other 's arm . zee I know you would come . somehow ... I know you would . link I promise . he kiss she and she see the charm hang around he neck . 6390 691 692 693 694 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 96 . 690 zee you do wear it . link you kid ? I be never gonna take it off . int . pipeline ~ wight 691 the logo bank along a pipe thick with steam that be breathe from a series of opening cake with human grease and machine rust , like a scab that continue to leak . int . logos - cockpit - night 692 trinity feel the cold wind whistling down the throat of the pipe . Neo 's eye be bandage with gauze . trinity temperature 's drop . she weave the ship into a worm hole through the debris until she can see the dim light stream into the open . trinity ( cont 'd ) here we go . the open appear to have be make by a earthquake ; the pipeline crack and separate , one side wrench from the other . the ship shoot into the deep jag fissure before banking straight up , revealing -- the surface of the Earth . ext . surface - night 693 the fetus field run right up to the edge of the ravine . the picker continue they work like graze animal , oblivious to the logo . the sky be a churn black sludge , its clotted cloud froth and leak a pale yellow light , casting a glow that be the color of dead callow flesh . in the distance , the mile high tower of the power Plant be visible . int . logos ~ night 694 Neo stare out , as if able to see where they be . 694 695 696 697 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 97 . 694 neo we be over the field , be not we ? trinity how do you know that ? neo I can ... feel they . we move closer to he and we suddenly glimpse the field as he do -- ext . surface - night 695 a night sky fill with star , though press flat as if into a circuit board , wire into the distant tower that vibrate with violent flash light . int . logos - cockpit ~ night 696 neo over there . he point out across the char desert that surround the field . neo ( cont 'd ) there 's we path . can you see it ? Three line . Three enormous cable , each several hundred foot thick snake from the power Plant out across the scorched earth . trinity the power line . neo follow they . she swallow down she fear and steer the ship along the path of the giant umbilicus . int . zion — command level elevator - night 697 the elevator bang down and the metal gate ratchet open as morpheus , roland and niobe get out . lock be wait for they . lock Three captain . one ship . i’1ll assume the other ship be lose under equally pointless circumstance . 697 698 699 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 98 . 697 niobe it 's good to see you too , Jason . lock the council be wait to hear you explanation . you will forgive I for not attend , but I have to try to salvage this debacle . roland do I miss something , Commander ? I think we just save the dock . lock that 's the problem with you people . you can not think but five minute in front of you face . that emp knock out almost every piece of hardware and every apu . if iowere the machine , I have send every sentinel I have here right now . save the dock , Captain ? you just hand it to they on a silver platter . int . zion - bock - night 698 Soldiers be scramble to unload the ammunition from the mjolnir , . it be the kid that hear they first . colt come on kid . let 's move it ! kid you hear that ? he turn with the kid towards the rent gate . after a moment he hear it ; the sound of air be force out through a pipe , like a distant trumpet or a scream hear from far away . colt shit . int . zion ~ command CENTER - night 699 lock 's second Operator be lug a heavy battery power radio . second operator Commander ! it 's the dock . they get income . 699 700 tol 702 703 704 705 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 99 . 699 lock order everyone to fall back . seal the shaft . now. int . zion - dock - elevator shaft - niget 700 they be already run for the elevator . sergeant fall back ! move it ! move it ! the wind that signal the first onslaught of the sentinel be nothing compare to the howl that rise to fill the entire dock . the elevator be pack with the last batch of soldier who slowly lower into the shaft as - — - the sentinel army pour into the concrete concourse from every hole , spilling into the empty dock like sand . coltt mother - ~ int . zion ~ command CENTER - nigrt 701 the second Operator receive the call . second operator all clear ! lock do it ! int . zion ~ command CENTER - night 702 a lever be throw inside a barricade bunker . int . zion - elevator -shaft ~ night 703 explosion fire one by one as though shatter a spinal column , one disc at a time . int . zion - dock - night 704 the sentinel react as the explosion erupt from the shaft . int . zion - command CENTER - night 705 rock and earth bury the entrance , 706 707 708 709 710 wil 712 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 100 . int . zion - night 706 a thick cloud of earth be cough from the open near the top of Zion . int . zion - command CENTER ~ night 707 the rumble from the explosion slowly fade . lock stare up at the dark cave ceiling , talk to he enemy as one might talk to God . lock you move . ext . black desert - night 708 the monstrous cable lay beneath we like giant black worm as the logo roar past we follow the line that stretch beyond the dark horizon . omitted 709 omitted 710 omitted fil omitted 712 @.. 714 715 716 scene scene scene scene goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 713 omitted 714 omitted 715 omitted 716 omitted 2002 1o0a -101 . 713 714 715 716 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 102 . 717 omitted ty 718 omitted 718 719 omitted 719 720 omitted 720 721 int . zion ~ councillor hamman' room - night 721 the council be crowded into the private quarter , question the three captain . 72i goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 103 . 721 dillard so you give they you ship ? niobe that be correct , councillor . I do . grace know what he plan to do with it ? she nod . hamman and the Oracle say nothing of this ? niobe she tell I that Neo would need my help and that when the time come , I would choose to help he or not . west but what hope can a single vessel have against they entire defense system ? - roland none . it 's completely impossible . but he would not listen . he would not even take any ammunition . he be totally out of he goddamn mind . morpheus have sit as silent as a stoic until now . morpheus no . the council turn to he . . morpheus ( cont 'd ) he be not . Neo be do what he believe he must do . ° . what he say , he say as much for himself as for they . morpheus ( cont 'd ) I do not know if what he 's do be right . I do not know if he will reach the Machine city and if he do , I do not know what he can do to save we . but I do know that as long as there be a single breath in he body , he will never give up . he stand . ey 722 723 724 725 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 104 . 72h morpheus ( cont 'd ) and either can we . int . zion - command CENTER ~- night 722 a large spool of black cable bang against the metal floor as a new line be uncoil out from a large portable power supply . the control room be a frenzy as they work to bring the defense system back online . Operations officer mattis and wirtz study the hologram of the dock as a ring of sentinel circle the silent digger . wirtz what be they do ? mattis I do not know ... better get the Commander . int . zion - dock - night 723 a single sentinel have attach itself to the abdomen of the digger , tentacles and feeler merge with heavy machinery . il red eye lhrob hypnotically as its brethren glide ritual — like around it in a steady incite circle . int . zion - command CENTER - night 724 a crowd have now gather around the screen , include Commander lock . they watch as it float above the digger . lock goddamnit ! mattis what be they do ? lock the same thing we be . int . zion - bock - night 725 electricity crackle from the sentinel , wrapping the digger in a gossamer web of blue light . the flash bolt light up the dock like a giant arc welder . there be a small explosion inside the gut of the digger , a burst of combustion as it be jolted back to life . and the sentinel fall lifelessly to the dock floor , 725 726 727 728 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 105 . 725 its enormous arm crank open , a crane unfold as it begin to lift itself . the grinder roar to life , get up to speed before it lower itself back down . immediately sentinel swarm around it , glide in tight circle ; so many of they that it feel as though a wall be be build to protect it . int . zion - command CENTER - night 726 the rumble of the digger return to its job shake the room . first operator what do we do now , Commander ? lock do not have a answer . ext . black desert ~ night 727 Neo look out at the distant horizon that break against the jag edge of a mountain range . he be able to see a powerful source of light , glow like a sun about to rise , hide behind a horizon of seethe darkness . int . logos - cockpit - night : 728 neo there . that mountain . that 's it . . trinity do you see what 's come ? neo yes . trinity if you tell I we 'ré go to make it , I will believe you . neo we will make it . he reach out for she hand . she take it . neo ( cont 'd ) we have to . 729 730 731 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 106 . ext . black desert ~ night 729 through the window of the cockpit we see what ' 's come ; a massive force of huge , heavy war machine lead by a swarm of sentinel . int . zion - council chamber - night lock address the Council and military head . lock it be now a matter of time . the machine will breach the wall of the city . I recommend the Council join the rest of the non-military personnel inside the Temple . grace how long do we have ? lock two hour . maybe less . the Council react with obvious dismay . lock ( cont 'd ) my man have begin fortifying the entrance with enough artillery to make we last stand . Beyond that there be not anything more I can do . dillard Commander , do you think that we have a chance of survive ? lock if I be you , conne I that question . I 's lor , I would not ask ilor , d ask one of they . he gesture towards hamman and morpheus . dillard why ? lock because they be the one that believe in miracle . ext . black desert ~ night the logo fly into the jaw of the Armada , machine row of jag shark - tooth . 731 form 731 732 733 734 735 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 107 . 731 they attack in a frenzy ; red laser stabbing into the logo as the larger armored crab-~like machine spit bolt of energy that break against the hull send a shiver of sizzling electricity through the entire ship . int . logos - cockpit ~ night 732 trinity have to let go of the stick as hot arcing voltage surge through the control . Neo cling to she hand as he wade into battle , hurl he mind at they with ballistic force . ext . logos ~ night 733 Three spin sentinel release three tow-bomb that open up as they rocket towards the ship . nec react quickly , explode the first immediately , the second , just before it hit , the fire wash over the windshield as the logo shoot through . but the third he grab hold of , strain against its force and direction , bend it to he will as he once bent a spoon . the device sail up over the cockpit , before turn and hurtle back at the machine . the sentinel dodge out of the way , but the armored crustacean be too slow and -- the device slam into it , unleash a violent orange rage of destruction . the dog-fight continue as the sentinel now reach the logo , leaping onto its back , stick they laser through its hide like toreador thrust sword into the back of a charge bull . int . logos - cockpit - night 734 sweat cover Neo 's body as he react more and more violently . neo there 's too many ... ext . logos - night 735 a sentinel dive like a kamikaze straight at the cockpit as Neo reach out to stop it -- 735 736 mae goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 108 . : 735 wrestling with it . as its eye begin to blink , it corkscrews wildly out of control , slamm against the heavy plate glass which shatter , crater under the Machine 's bulk as ~ - we experience what Neo experience ; a meteor of light that blast through he body -- int . logos ~ cockpit ~ night 736 wrenching free he grip from trinity . his arm flail back as he feel himself disconnect , he mind flung loose until -- she snatch hold of he again , trinity zt get you . his head swim as he drag himself back from the abyss . trinity ( cont 'd ) come on , Neo ! I need help here ! ahead they be approach a perfect line of fearsome float machine , each like a entire division of tank weld into one . neo +.- leave . trinity what ? neo Bank leave . a tank fire just as trinity bank leave , a missile of energy chew up the entire underbelly of the ship . Inside the cockpit several monitor explode and the main light die . neo ( cont 'd ) to can not beat they . trinity what do we do ? neo go up . over they . 736 737 738 739 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 109 . 736 trinity what ?! neo the sky . she look at he neo ( cont 'd ) it 's the only way . trinity then up we go . she pound on the pedal and outside the pad erupt , open all the way as the ship tip -- ext . black sky ~ night 737 rocketing towards the churn black sky , leave a white - hot jet trail that cut up from the black earth at a forty - five degree angle . several sentinel leap from the back of the ship , but many remain as it barrel towards the dark roiling ceiling . the logo plunge into the sky with a surreal splash , like a plane crash into a sea of shave cream . the molecular replicator immediately drain the life from the sentinel and they fall dead -- tearing through the cloud that cling to they momentarily like shred piece of parachute , before let they fall away . the logo be engulf by a ball of lightning as it be attack by the sky . it shake violently , every light blow out , until the ship die -- int . logos - cockpit - night 738 drown the cockpit with darkness , where we glimpse - ~ two hand still hold tight . ext . blue sky ~ day 739 the forward momentum carry they just a little higher until suddenly there be a spectacular explosion of light as -- the ship break out the other side revealing a perfect blue sky light by a brilliant yellow sun . 740 Al 742 743 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 110 . int . logos - cockpit - day 740 the light wash over she face with a warmth she have never know . it be a vision of the real world she have never see . trinity -.- beautiful . ext . blue sky - day 74h the ship hit its apex , hang then slowly twist , as it begin to fall , slip quickly back into the billow black silk of cloud . a they stomach pitch as the logo be buffete by storm and wind , spin like a fall leaf until -- it splashes out of the cloud , revealing -- ext . the machine CITY ~ night 742 the Machine City . to trinity it look like a massive mechanical coral reef , spread as far as the eye can see . to Neo , it be another universe ; a pinwheel nebula , spiraling towards he , a billion pinprick of light strung together , swirl into cluster that blaze beneath a veil of glow vapor . int . logos ~ cockpit ~ night 743 they fall accelerate , the city rush towards they as trinity again turn to Neo . neo Pump the ignitor . the ship will start . she grab the lever and pump . tries the ignition . nothing . neo ( cont 'd ) again . she do it again , pump vigorously . neo ( cont 'd ) slowly . calmly , methodically , she pump the lever while the architecture of the city gain dimension , its tower rise like finger of a hand reach up with a rush force . 743 744 745 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 111 . 743 Neo feel the energy in the ignition slowly building as a single tower now loom , fill the entire windscreen . trinity close she eye , pump vigilantly , until ~ - neo ( cont 'd ) now . she hit the ignition , open she eye to the tower that be now a wall . the engine fire , the pad crackle with life and they fall slow , but not fast enough . ext . machine CITY tower -— night 744 the ship bore into the tower , plow through the nano-built structure that be a surrealist re-combine of the organic and the mechanical ; a anthill or wasp 's nest build from a webwork of pipe , wire and silicon . int . logos ~- cockpit - night 745 the windshield explode as Neo and trinity be again tear apart . the ship merge violently with the tower , grind to a final wrenching stop . all become quiet . cobweb of shimmer light drape all around Neo as it take he a moment to realize that he be in fact still alive . neo ..- trin ? there be no response . neo ( cont 'd ) frinity ? trinity ! yanking he foot free from the crush of debris , he crawl in the direction of she chair . neo ( cont 'd ) trinity ! trinity «+- I be here . neo where ? she reach she hand out to he . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 112 . 745 745 . trinity here . with she touch come a flood of relief . neo we make it . trinity you say we would . he draw closer , feel he way . neo I could not have do it without you . trinity --- T know . he smile ; unable to see she , he look at the gossamer thread of light surround they . neo it 's unbelievable , trin . Light everywhere . like the whole thing be build of light . I wish you could see what I see . we see she face for the first time and we see that she be ery . trinity you have already show I so much . he know something be wrong . neo what be it ? trinity ? what 's wrong ? trinity T can not go with you , Neo . I have go as far as I can . neo what ... he reach for she and immediately feel the wet warmth of she blood soaking through she shirt . neo ( cont 'd ) oh no , no , no . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 113 . 745 Long shaft of metal be drive through she body like needle pin a butterfly in place . trinity it 's all right , Neo . it 's time . I have do what I can do . now you have to do the rest . neo no . trinity you have to . you have to finish it . you have to save Zion . neo I can not ... not without you . trinity you can . you will . I believe it . I always have . tear leak from he bandage . neo trinity , you can not die . you can not ! trinity yes , I can . you bring I back once . but not this time . he do not want to believe it . trinity ( cont 'd ) do you remember on that roof , after you catch I ? the last thing I say to you ? neo you say , I be sorry . trinity I wish I have not . that be my last think . I wish that I have one more chance to say what matter ... he feel she tear on he fingertip . trinity ( cont 'd ) to say how much I love you , how grateful I be for every moment I be with you , but by the time I know how to say what I want , it be too late . 745 746 747 748 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 114 . 745 she smile . trinity ( cont 'd ) but you bring I back . you give I my wish ; one more chance . to say what I really want to say ... for the last time she reach up and touch he face . trinity ( cont 'd ) kiss I ... once more ... kiss I ... he lower he lip to hers and it end as it begin -- with a kiss . he feel she last breath on he lip and he weep , hold the hand that can no longer hold he back . int . zion ~ temple entrance - night 746 the rumbling of the digger shake all of Zion . the Temple be congest with panicked chaos . near the entrance , lock be organize the defense . int . zion ~ night 747 the entire tower be quivering as the wall begin to crack . the wall split , give birth to a ball of metal tooth spitting rock and dust . the digger chew through , rending rock , shredd steel and shaking the entire city . tt emerge with a final rear thrust , then tip free and falis - - smash through the lacework of catwalk , before crash into the knotted tangle of pipe at the base of Zion , bury into the bedrock and metal like a knife to its hilt . the black hole breathes brimstone as a cloud of dust setty over Zion like a shroud . int . zion - temple — night 748 people cling to each other as the booming crash echoe through they body . link hold Zee and look up at the dark ceiling of the Temple , he whisper . 748 749 750 751 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 115 . 748 link Neo ... you gonna do something , you better do it quick . int . machine CITY tower ~ night 749 Neo climb . feeling he way , rise from the wreckage along the coiled mechanical intestine . there be sound all around he : a ratchete clatter that rise and fade like a rattlesnake warning , the hiss of a radiator pipe , the scrape of a rake drag against concrete . the sound circle as if patiently watch he like vulture watch a die man . he heave himself up into a large passageway run horizontally through the tower . , it spiral , coiling inward , woven out of shiny metal rod that be ribbed and knuckle like bone . int . machine CITY tower ~ tunnel - night 750 as Neo stand , we experience the passage as he do ; a tunnel of light , its surface as perfectly smooth as a mirror . he step forward and a ripple spread out from he foot as though he be walk on water that have be roll into a tube . at the end of the passage there be a open that window out ef the tower . Neo move towards it , until he stand on the edge , awed by what he see . ext . machine CITY tower - night 751 he see the Machine city , a endless sprawling metropolis build out of pure energy . tower of glow spun glass rise up from crystalline structure of radiant light . everywhere , hover like hummingbird , be creature seemingly create out of fiber of light , solder into pattern of a three dimensional circuit board . there be a celestial and even spiritual quality to the image , until we reveal the city - in- itself -- a dark industrial nightmare . underlit by angry burst of lightning . demon of black steel and chrome hang everywhere , '' orawling along the wall , the spring in they limb tightening like a rat trap be load - — while thousand of blood - red eye bore into Neo . 751 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 116 . 751 suddenly that close to he , scatter , leaping from the wall , fly away , clear , as small fish run from the approach of a much bigger fish . from below , a enormous and complex Machine rise to face Neo . it be so large that it eclipse the entire city . Neo steady himself , overwhelm momentarily by its power and brilliance . the deus ex machina unleash a locust swarm of tiny machine that seem ready to envelop Neo . neo i only ask to say what it have come to say . after that , do what you want and ft will not try to stop you . the locust swarm swirl back create a undulate ball of mechanical bug that remain in constant motion . Neo experience the deus ex machina as a huge ball of energy , like a sun , its face in constant flux . the bug coalesce and a almost human face push itself out from underneath . deus ex machtina speak ! the voice have a synthesize quality , resonate with a sense that it be not one voice , but every voice . neo the program call Smith have grow beyond you control . the face disappear as quickly as it appear . neo ( cont 'd ) soon he will spread through this city as he spread through the matrix . the locust begin vibrate , chitter and tremble like animal sense a storm . neo ( cont 'd ) you can not stop he . but it can . rage explode from the face , spitting bug at Neo as it scream . 751 752 753 754 755 756 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 117 . 751 deus ex machina we do not need you ! we need nothing ! neo if that 's true , then I have make a mistake and you should kili I now . the face fade , the storm circle Neo for a moment before slowly collect itself as the face re-emerges . deus ex machina what do you want ? Neo look up into the blind brightness . neo peace . ' int . zion — temple entrance - night 752 the sentinel army pour from the dark gape mouth flooding the entire city . int . zion - temple - night 753 thé kid swallow hard , wiping the sweat from he palm as he steady the grip on he gun . int . zion —- temple entrance - night 754 the lead force descend to the Temple entrance , limb outstretch like the talon of a attack bird of prey . the first sentinel slam down onto the metal bridge , rear back on its haunch as its brethren smack down behind he . int . zion - temple - night 755 every gun be clutch like a talisman as the sentinel peer into the cave . int . zion - temple entrance - night 756 suddenly , a circle sentinel jerk upward , its communication dish snap open . it raise it as if try to hear something . the message spread quickly as the click dish fan open in every sentinel . the lead sentinel back up . 757 758 759 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 118 . int . zion - temple - night 757 niobe do not understand it . niobe what be they do ? morpheus be not sure . int . machine CITY tower -— night 758 the entire passageway come alive around Neo as cable and metal rod grow like a time - lapse plant , form a seat under he and fill every jack . a cobra-like cable rise up to the back of Neo ' 's neck pause , its needle probing at the brain -jack . deus ex machtna and if you fail ? neo it will not . the face almost smile as it fade away . the cable thrust into Neo , plunging the pistol - needle into he brain , plugging he consciousness into the matrix . int . zion - temple - night 759 morpheus set he gun down and stand up . niobe what be you do ? he step over the barricade and walk wy entrance . lock morpheus ! lock signal to several soldier to cover he . the kid lurch out just behind niobe . morpheus stop at the edge of the pool of water . outside the Temple , he can see the sentinel glide in slow pattern . Three sentinel lay just outside the open like sleep lion . one of the soldier raise he gun and a sentinel leap to its foot with the sound of a dozen machine gun be cocked . 759 760 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 i119 . 759 morpheus no ! the soldier drop he gun and slowly the sentinel lower back down . niobe Neo . morpheus nod . morpheus he fight for we . ext . matrix CITY STREET - night 760 a sick green-black sky vomit a raging storm upon the urban night - scape below . lightn spit from every cloud like the constant flicker of snake tongue . Black boot stride down the center of the rain soak street . we follow as Neo walk , glance leave , then right at a city of agent smith . they line the street , they perfect silhouettes fill the window of skyscraper . it be a city of dark - suite , sunglass - wear shadow . lightn flash - bulb a group of they , stare at Neo , smile identically . a singular Smith enter the street and turn towards Neo , walk at he until they stand , like gun fighter -- face to face . smith Mr. Anderson . welcome back . we miss you . rain pour off he face as lightning pitch - nfork the sky behind he . smith ( cont 'd ) like what I have do with the place ? another bolt strike , this time in front of he , so we see it reflect in he sunglass . neo it end tonight . 760 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 120 . 760 smith I know it do . I have see it . that 's why the rest of I be just go to enjoy the show . we already know that I be the cone that beat you . neo the only place you can beat I , Smith - ~ he snap open he coat , he body automatically settling into a defensive position . neo ( cont 'd ) be in you dream . Smith 's smile twist into a sneer and he hurl himself at he enemy . the first exchange be a squall , fast and furious , as lightning strobe the water explode with every blow . they mirror one another , neither one gain or lose ground until each see the exact same open -~- simultaneously deliver a thunder pack punch that send both man fly backwards -— - Neo flip and land gracefully , while Smith smashes down , concrete buckle beneath he . Smith growl , cock and load himself , then fire out , hurtle up through the drive rain as -- Neo leap to meet he and they collide high above the street . two egual and opposite force slamm together like atom smash as a expand sphere of energy be unleash from the collision -- a globe of glass clear away the rain swell until it break open against the surround urban cliff . the two man remain suspend in mid-air , battle , fist and foot throw with particle - accelerator speed . Neo fight with ultimate precision , but Smith have become overwhelmingly powerful . a blow snap Neo 's head back , send he glass fly and before he recover -- Smith grab he , spin like a decathlete in the hammer toss , and release ~ -— hurling Neo into the side of a building . 760 761 762 goldenrod revisicn JUNE 27 , 2002 121 . 760 he smashes into the building like a bullet , another seismic wave of damage shatter the face of the building , follow the initial impact , the way thunder follow lightning . int . matrix build - night 761 look back through the bored open he body just create , Neo barely have time to stand before Smith barrel into he . the battle rage through the building , Smith pummel Neo with wreck ball force --~ smash he through wall of concrete , brick and steel . Smith step through one of the hole as Neo struggle to get back on he foot . smith can you feel it , Mr. Anderson ? close in on you once more ? I can . once more , Neo pick himself up . smith ( cont 'd ) I really should thank you for it . after all , it be you life that teach I the purpose of all life . he smile . smith ( cont 'd ) the purpose of life be to end . Neo settles into a pose we have see before . he signal to Smith , '' come get some . '' nothing frustrate Smith as much as that little wave . another fury roar through the building , but this one end with Neo unload a explosion of kick culminate in -~ bullet time ; a final boot launch like a las rocket , blast Smith -- ext . matrix CITY STREET - night 762 out of the building , sailing back through the sheet of rain until he slow regain control . he look back at the open in the building where - Neo stand , light by flash lightning . oot 763 764 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 122 . 762 Smith grind he tooth and launch himself back at he while Neo dive into the open air and -- again they fly at each other , the impact of this collision much more powerful than the first as -- wave of force shatter window and rip lamp post from the concrete like a hurricane uproot tree . ext . matrix CITY STREET - mid ~ AIR - night 763 they fight in mid-air , punch , kick , grapple , lock together but in constant motion like electron chase each other around a single nucleus ~ - oblivious to the height , they rise up beyond the city 's glass tower until they be amidst the flash electric tongue of lightning and the city be a distant pattern of light beneath they . Smith land a series of savage blow that stun Neo and he slip down , twist , lose for a moment , suddenly vulnerable . above he , Smith rise up just as twin bolt of lightning strike , haloing the dark - suite demon with jag break ray of light . - with the crash din of thunder that follow , Smith attack . dive down , he slam into Neo , tackle he , drive he back to the earth -- streak like a comet , faster than the rain , plummete past the mirrore tower as Neo struggle to get free , fight , even as the inevitability of the ground rush towards they and -~ the unstoppable force meet the immovable object . ext . matrix STREET crater ~- night 764 the concussive blast crater the street , buckle building , as a wave of unequale destruction rush out over the urban chasm . the explosion thunder away until there be only the hiss rain , as the smith gather along the crater 's edge . Inside the bowl of earth be the expose viscera of the metropolis ; break pipe , sparking cable and rent sewer . the rain on he face slowly bring Neo 's consciousness back . 764 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 123 . 764 Smith stand over he as he try to get up . smith why , Mr. Anderson ? it be a effort to even pull he arm from the wet suck mud . . smith ( cont 'd ) why do you do it ? why get up ? why keep fight ? Neo roll over , push himself to he hand and knee . smith ( cont 'd ) do you believe you be fight for something ? for more than you survival ? can you tell I what : it be ? do you even know ? Neo glare at he with animal - like eye . smith ( cont 'd ) be it freedom ? or truth ? perhaps peace ? yes ? no ? could it be for love ? he laugh . smith ( cont 'd ) tllusion , Mr. Anderson . vagary of perception . the temporary construct of a feeble human intellect try desperately to justify a existence that be without meaning or purpose . Neo 's hand clench into fist . smith ( cont 'd ) and all of they as artificial as the matrix itself , although only a human mind could invent something as insipid as love . rain streak the mud down Neo 's face like black tear . smith ( cont 'd ) you must be able to see it , Mr. Anderson . you must know it by now . you can not win . it 's pointless to keep fight . Neo summon he strength and once more , he stand . ~a a be goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 124 . 764 smith ( cont 'd ) why , Mr. Anderson ? why ? why do you persist ?! neo because I choose to . Smith howl in frustration , hurl at he , but nec absorb the attack , catch Smith momentarily off - balance - ~ firing back a furious attack that have Smith reeling , unable to defend himself as Neo load up a bomb . it be not a punch ; it be a cannonball -- shot into bullet time ; he fist shatter through the glass - — like rod of rain as it hurl at Smith - ~ connect flush , distorting he feature as the flesh of he face be knock loose and he eye go blank . he stagger , stunne , out on he foot as Neo haul back and gather the tai-chi ball , summoning every last bit of he energy , he life - force , then -- slam it into Smith , catapult he into the wall of the crater - ~ bury he from sight . Neo sway in the rain with barely enough strength to stand as the army of smith look down from the crater edge . a low ominous rumble begin to shake the earth . Neo drop he head unable to watch as the rumble rise until -- the wall of the crater explode like a exit wound , earth and asphalt shot -gun out , es Smith burst from he hang in the air , he mud-cover face distort with rage . smith this be my world ! my world ! he dive into Neo who have nothing leave and batter he , each bludgeon blow strike in time with searing bolt of lightning . he seize Neo by the throat , hoist he up like a rag doll and fire a super~ punch that send Neo fly -- bounce down to the earth like a crash airplane , trenching to a stop . 764 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 125 . 764 Smith be about to press he frenzied assault , but he freeze , the image of Neo lay splay , suddeniy familiar . smith ( cont 'd ) wait ... I have see this ... this be it ! this be the end ! he look at Neo and in a flash of lightning we see the immediate future as Smith stab he entire fist into Neo 's chest . Smith blink away the raindrop blur he vision . smith ( cont 'd ) yes , you be lay right there , just like that ... and it ... another flash and we see the black mirror begin to cover wneo 's body . Smith walk over to Neo who be desperately cling to he consciousness as if hang from the edge of a precipice . smith ( cont 'd ) I stand here , right here and I be suppose to say something ... I say ... again the future flash in he eye and he see Neo 's hand bury beneath the gleam blackness . smith ( cont 'd ) everything that have a beginning , have a end . the familiar word suddenly clear Neo 's mind . he look up as Smith look down . smith ( cont 'd ) De not be afraid , Neo . Neo almost can not believe what he just hear as -- another flash reveal the liquid obsidian cover Neo 's face , but he face be calm , even serene . smith ( cont 'd ) what ? what do I just say ? in he confusion , he look to Neo who now understand . smith ( cont 'd ) no , no . this be not right . this can not be right ! goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 126 . 764 one final time , Neo rise to he foot . smith ( cont 'd ) get away from I ! neo what be you afraid of ? smite it 's a trick ! neo no , it 's what you want . it 's why you be here . smith no! neo you be right , Smith . you be always right . rain pour down Smith 's torture face . neo ( cont 'd ) it be inevitable . Smith 's eye fire , a scream rise up from he and in a crackle , blind flash of lightning -- he stab he fist into Neo , who stand with he arm open , accept the blow . exactly as in the flash vision , Neo be cover by the darkness . rising up over he face , Neo close he eye and be lose beneath the liquid shroud . the whole sky continue to weep as Smith enter he , possess he , as the darkness snap into a perfect pair of sunglass . the mud cover Smith back away from the new Smith as if not trust he . smith be it over ? the new Smith nod he head once and the old Smith smile . and as a giddiness spread through he , he start to laugh . ( 765 766 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 127 . int . machine CITY tower — night 765 Neo ' 's body hang motionless , support by the passageway as we see as Neo would , a empty husk that be be fill , liguid light pour into he from every connection . ext . matrix CITY STREET - night 766 the old Smith realize that he be laugh alone . there be something wrong with the new Smith . the new Smith begin to tremble , a shiver that grow into a convulsion . old smith oh no , no , no . it 's not fairl it 's not fair ! int . machine CITY tower - night 767 Neo 's body arch , he arm pin wide as he try to scream but instead of sound , a shaft of light beam out . he open he eye and light pour out of they . ext . matrix CITY STREET ~ night 768 Light brighten around Smith 's sunglass , until they begin to crack and shred like wet tissue as shaft of brilliant light burst free . now the old Smith begin to feel it as he body begin to shiver uncontrollably . old smith no ! the new Smith continue to crack open , light beam out from he distend and deteriorate form , fill the entire crater as - — one by one it spread through to all the smith . shaft of light burst from the shell of Smith like water break through a dam , dissolve away each dark silhonette -- until there be hundred of faceless form all make out of bright radiant light . the old Smith , at the center of the crater , fight to the last . his scream rail against the building as he burst open and be consume by light . 768 769 770 wi 772 773 <a h sign : JUNE 27 , 2602 128. 768 ht nm go . 's D the nmrod re B from high above we see the explosion of blind light sweep through the entire city as - ~ int . machine CITY tower — niget 769 a final surge rush through Neo , he body convulse against he metal coil and we see the light drain out of he , as life slowly leave he and he body fall quiet and still . Neo die . omitted scene 770 770 int . matrix crater - night pil in the center of the crater lie the body of the Oracle . int . machine CITY tower - night 772 the cable and rod lower Neo 's lifeless body , as it be laid onto the floor of the mechanical cave . the face of the deus ex machina gaze once more upon he . deus ex machina it be do . the face recede and the enormous Machine sink away like a set sun . int . zion - temple ~ night 773 q fa ch a hover sentinel close its dish , turn and rise up of the hole make by the digger . one by one the other sentinel follow . no one can believe what they be see . leck stand alone clutching he gun . lock it do not make sense . morpheus walk across the stream and stand at the door of the Temple look up at what be without question a miracle : the entire sentinel army leave Zion . morpheus he do it . 773 774 775 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 129 . 773 the other move in behind he , they face stare up in awe . kid he save we . he save we . the last of the machine glide out of sight and wave of emotion sweep through all of they . the kid can not hold it in and he scream , joy burst out of hin . kid ( cont 'd ) he do it ! it 's over ! he do it ! int . zion - temple - night 774 his voice spill out into the Temple as he follow , almost fall , catch by several soldier . hamman what be it ? what ' 's happen ? kid Sir , councilor , he do it , sir ! Neo do it ! hamman do what ? kid he end the war ! the sentinel be go ! it 's over , sir ! the war be over ! hamman be unable to breathe as he drink down the information . the kid turn and leap onto a boulder , he voice fill the Temple . kid ( cont 'd ) Zion ! it 's over ! the war be over ! tear stream down both link and Zee 's face as they embrace . a huge resounding cheer surge up from the people of Zion as they break open with relief and joy . int . zion - temple entrance ~— night 775 morpheus and niobe hear the cheer that roll up out of the Temple . morpheus unable to move , unable to embrace a moment he wait he entire life for . 775 776 v77 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 130 . f795 morpheus I have imagine this moment for so long ... he look at she . morpheus ( cont 'd ) be it real ? she nod and he reach out to she , try to feel something to make he believe it and -- find it in she arm . niobe look up with tear brim in she bright eye . niobe wherever you be , Neo , thank you . int . machine CITY tower - night 776 Neo 's body be drag from the passageway by a Machine that look like a saw - open garbage truck . the Machine quietly and efficiently drop he onto the open bed , then turn , glide away as a barge might drift out to sea . we see the Machine City once more as Neo do ; dazzle erystalline structure of light and at the center , bear away the body of Neo , a be that appear like a angel make from the morning sun as it glitter against the wide open ocean . ext . matrix CITY STREET ~ night 777 rain pebble the angelic face of sati as a black cat carefully pad up next to she and lick she cheek . in a blink the cat disappear and as it do -- it stop raining . the crack and break ground be now replace with a perfectly smooth sidewalk . sati remain in the in the same sleep position as the cat again softly pad in and lick she cheek , exactly as it just do . sati slowly wake up and smile at the cat . sati good morning . 777 778 goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 131 . 777 the cat purr , nudging against she . ; sati ( cont 'd ) be it morning ? she yawn and lift herself up . ext . another STREET - dawn 778 a pair of expensive black loafer stride down the street . the black shoe stop as the man find what he be look for sit on a park bench . the Oracle smile at he . ORACLE well , now be not this a surprise . the architect hide he sneer in the corner of he mouth . architect you play a very dangerous game . ORACLE Change always be . architect if it be up to I , it would not have end this way . ORACLE then I be grateful it be not up to you . architect just how long do you think this peace be go to last ? ORACLE as long as it can . she smile and he decide to leave . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) what about the other ? architect what other ? ORACLE the one that want out . goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 architect obviously , they will be freed . ORACLE I have you word ? he glance back , insulted . architect what do you think I be ? human ? he smile and walk away as sati yell . satii Oracle ! carry the cat , she lead seraph over the hill to the bench , bolt to the Oracle , sati ( cont 'd ) we be afraid we might not find you . ORACLE everything 's okay now . seraph it 's good lo see you again . ORACLE it 's always good to see you . sati look ! look ! she point to a unbelievably beautiful sunrise , ray of 132 . 778 extraordinarily vibrant color streak across the sky with the joy and ardor of a child 's finger - painting . ORACLE dust look at that . beautiful . do you do that ? sati beam , as she nod she head . sati for Neo . ORACLE that 's nice . I know he have love it . sati will we ever see he again ? goldenrod revision JUNE 27 , 2002 133 . 778 778 ORACLE I suspect so . someday . she stand up . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) now I do not know about you two , but I sure would like something to eat . something sweet . sati I too ! seraph turn to the Oracle . seraph bid you always know ? ORACLE oh no . no I do not . but I believe . she smile . ORACLE ( cont 'd ) I believe . they head to they home , walk into the sunrise as -- Young dawn raise she rise - red finger . fade out .